Steve smacked his arm anyhow. “What Bucky meant to say is that we’re trying to help you, because right now, we’re a team. A team that really needs to make it to town.”
Clint gave him a look, setting down his fork and pointing to Bucky. “I dont even want you in the same room as him,” he reprimanded, turning back to his pancakes and ignoring Bucky’s pout.
“No,” Steve muttered, taking out his phone to make another sweep of his contacts. “I’m going to find my pal. I’ll head back to the house later on and throw together some rough schedules for everyone. But right now, we have work to do.”
“Alright, but I don't want to have to see him all bruised and broken in my lab later.” Bruce called.
“You didn’t make a scene, did you?”
Smug bastard. “I did. But I’m a little confused as to how you two got talking,” Toni began, taking up her fork and examining her fruit.
It took a moment for Toni’s eyes to snap away from the blonde, but when they did, they were carefully blank. “Yes.”
Tony scoffed, anger crossing his face. "You fucking asshole! You're blaming me for all of this? I wake up to hear my brother sneaking out of the house at two in the morning. Of course I followed you, I was curious!" Tony snapped. "Now will someone tell me what is going on? Why the Hell were you fucking beating up that man?"
He wasn’t quite as lucky because the agent’s only response was a throaty chuckle. “Well excuse me for making conversation," he murmured into Tony’s ear. “I see this hot little thing walk into the room and you expect me not to act?" he hummed, hands slowly trailing along Tony’s sides.
“Just tell the kid about your real job and you wouldn’t have to worry about hiding this all from him.”
Tony frowned slightly, looking up to the boss. “How did you get those?" he asked, grip tightening on his fork.
“Tony, please,” Steve whispered, loud enough for Tony to hear. “Im sorry.”
Tony felt himself relax slightly, happy to know that everyone seemed okay. But that still didn’t mean they were out of danger. They had gotten lucky once, but if Tony slipped up, who knew what would happen? Looking over them one last time, Tony moved out of the lab to the dining room where a plate of eggs and bacon were waiting for them. “Good morning, Anthony," Obadiah greeted from behind the paper he was reading.
“Antonia, radiant as always,” he greeted, gently taking her elbow and pressing a quick kiss to her cheek.
Natasha made a sound, but she dutifully pulled into a small parking lot to turn around. “You’re going to cause a commotion.”
Bruce smirked, shaking his head and walking over, glancing over Tony’s shoulder to study the computer screen. “Are you…coding computer programs?”
"Great. Than we have no more use for you." Clint growled, grinning as he stepped forward, gun ready.
Tony looked over from where he was sitting in front of the dry erase board, a new equation scribbled out. “Okay,” he nodded, glancing to Bruce. “The answer is pi over 4. Child’s play.”
Bucky huffed and turned to pass Tony a pair of pliers. “I’m going to kick his ass when this is over," Bucky grunted and Tony laughed.
“Steve, taking that cloth on her head and gag her,” Bucky instructed, meeting Steve’s eyes. “She’ll either scream or bite her tongue off and I’d rather not deal with the consequences of either. Gag her.”
Steve turned to the man in confusion, only to follow his gaze over the edge and towards the rocky ground below. A little to their right was a small brunette figure, lying face down on the stone with an orange-clad zombie laying only a few feet away. It was a hunter, if the orange vest was anything to go by, and it must’ve spooked the girl right over the edge just as easily as Bucky had almost gone over. The thing must have followed her down.
"I’ll relax when this factory is in burning ruins and we have our boys back." Steve huffed, not bothering to shrug Thor away when the blonde rested a large hand on his shoulder.
day. He really didn’t expect to be rescued by anyone other than Steve, and even that hope had been diminishing with each passing hour. But here was Antonia Stark, his guardian angel. His angel, who looked like she was trying very hard to keep herself together. “Steve said to meet him at his house; it’s the safest place for us both right now.”
Steve turned and punched the wall, making everyone go silent. “That was why those men were at the club. It was all a fucking distraction so Loki could be alone with Tony," he growled, turning to Thor. “First thing we’re going to do is find your bastard of a brother. Then, he’s going to help us find Tony."
Justin flinched ever so slightly, taking back the file. “What would you like to do, sir?”
Toni bit down into the tattered remains of her t-shirt, chest heaving now with panic and anticipation as Bucky carefully took her arm into his hands. Even the slight movement was met with a painful protest from her arm. New tears gathered in her eyes, trailing down the side of her face and into her hairline. Steve squeezed her hand again, and Toni took that as her only warning before Bucky pressed on her forearm. Then, there was only agony. She screamed.
The man nodded shakily and Steve shoved him away, watching the mugger take off down the sidewalk before turning to Tony and offering him a hand to help him up. Tony’s eyes narrowed as he ignored Steve’s hand and stood on his own, brushing himself off and tucking his wallet back into his pocket. “I didn’t need your help,” Tony snapped.
Another clap of thunder jolted Toni from her thoughts, and she blinked in surprise when she found herself standing before the open fridge. She pinched the bridge of her nose, taking in a long breath before she reached to grab a bottle of water. Maybe doing some work would tire her out.
He turned his head to look at her in the corner of his eye, jaw clenched, and Toni knew she had him. “He’s family. If I can’t protect him, of all people, how can I protect the rest of my crew?”
Clint’s hand tightened around the spatula handle, just a fraction, before he nodded to his little brother. It was one thing that Tony had obviously gotten a bit frisky with someone, but to lie about it? And to Clint of all people? Since when did Tony ever lie to Clint? The kid usually never stopped talking enough to even worry about lying. So who could have left the mark?
Steve stared down at the pizza as he carefully slid a slice from the box onto a plate and passed it to the redhead. “Both.”
“It’s not about the money, it’s about the lack of respect,” Steve huffed, taking the scotch from her hands and showing her to the chair before his desk that had been recently vacated. “Something you know all too well.”
Steve mulled over her words and when she was sure he wasn’t going to respond, she pushed herself up from her seat and turned for the door. She said her peace and she mediated this argument as much as she was willing to do. Now it was in their hands, not that she had much faith in either man; they were both stubborn and hardheaded. No wonder they were such close friends. She was just one step out of the door when Steve’s voice stopped her. “Ms. Stark?”
“Bucky, what are the odds that-“
"Come on, Hammer’s boys should be coming soon," Clint hissed, grabbing Steve’s arm and ducking them to hide behind their own armored vehicle. “I have Natasha positioned on the roof with a rifle. She’ll take out the guards and we’ll grab Hammer."
“Nothing I haven’t done before I was twenty-one.”
“You can’t predict when people are going to reveal just how awful they truly are. You just have to take the blow and hopefully deal with the fallout with a bit of grace,” Bucky admitted.
Tony rolled his eyes with a laugh, standing and bringing his plate to the sink. Clint gave Bucky a huff before turning to Tony. “Im serious, you should go meet Bruce. I think you two would really hit it off. Show him some of your computer programs.”
When Steve woke, it was to the sound of chirping birds. He was in his bedroom, sprawled out across his made bed, still in his suit from the day before. When had he gone to bed? He planted his hands flat to the mattress, pushing up to his knees and groaning at the popping in his stiff joints. He loosened his tie and tugged it off just as the bedroom door opened, Natasha stalking into the room and straight for the windows. With a sharp tug she opened the curtains, allowing sunlight to filter in. Steve winced at the bright intrusion, rubbing the heel of his hands against his eyes. “What time is it?”
“Ignore her,” Ty waved a hand dismissively, shark-like grin still in place. “This meeting is about you and me. I mean, we may be business partners one day.”
His stomach growled.
“Are you kidding? I actually wanted to talk to you about it at the fundraiser, but you were running off to hide you and that big brain of yours in the corner,” Toni teased gently, gaze flicking towards Bucky’s shoulder. Steve watched her blue eyes travel over the wound, not breaking contact until Bruce was wrapping over his shoulder and upper torso with gauze. “How are you feeling, Barnes?”
Bucky shrugged slowly. “Frustrated. He wants to find you bad and Loki isn’t talking. He has no idea how to handle what’s going on between the bombs and your kidnapping." Bucky said before studying Tony’s face, a grin slowly spreading. “Why so worried about him?"
Tony frowned, eyes narrowing. And what exactly was Clint’s
The cellar door creaked as it was opened, the intruder pausing at the top of the steps for the briefest of moments. Toni looked up the stairs, her eyes connecting with Raza’s. She never liked that man. The guard’s gaze flicked to Bucky before he growled and lumbered down the steps. “What do you think you’re doing, foolish girl?”
“No, you needed one. You
Tony nodded slowly, biting his lip. “Yeah. His men broke into my house and took my flashdrive. He saw some of the designs I made and wants me to build them for him. Or else."
Clint nodded slowly, following Bruce out while Steve sent another fist into Loki’s stomach. “I’m going to ask you again. Who the hell did you give Tony to?" Steve snarled, leaning close.
Toni nodded slowly, brow furrowed like she’s processing the information.
“Please tell me you’re not a part of this, because that would really suck.”
They left her in the lounge, and Toni couldn’t tell whether that was a godsend or not. Rogers had disappeared up the stairs to the eastern wing with Barnes, promising to return once he’s gotten the brunet settled in a guestroom and their doctor arrived. She needed the time to collect herself anyhow.
“Nope,” Toni covered her ears, stepping backwards towards where there must be some back exit. “Can’t hear you! Sorry! What did you say?”
Steve nodded, parting the group as he moved over to the map to stand beside Clint. “That sounds good. Clint, I’ll have you lead one team and I’ll lead the other.”
“So find another way.”
“’Bucky’ is a stupid name,” Toni mumbled under her breath, looking away and studying the broken picture frames on the wall. A young couple used to live here.  “Why did you bring me with you?”
“And then?”
Toni looked up at his sincere words, hands gripping at the edge of the counter tightly. She was affected by what he said, and Bucky would dare to venture that she was even grateful to hear his words judging by the relieved slump in her shoulders. But she didn’t respond to his sentiment, not that he was expecting her to. Not Toni. He just needed her to know she was safe. Instead, Toni simply wiped her hands on a dish towel and pushed the pizza box towards Bucky. “Goodnight, Barnes,” she finally murmured, and Bucky only had a brief second to catch the appreciative look she threw his way before she was gone and he was alone in the kitchen.
“She said she had moved on, that she didn’t care.”
Howard shook his head. “You were worried about your friend. It’s fine. What you’re doing for me now overshadows any hurt feelings.” Howard turned to Toni, who glared up at her father with barely contained anger. She knew his points were logical, but she didn’t like it. “You can continue to help me from here, Antonia. I will make sure to check in and we will get our revenge on those two for even daring to turn on us.”
“No, he’s not,” Clint pipped up from where he was cooking over the stove, smirking and reaching back briefly to ruffle Tony’s hair.
Tony smiled and nodded, tears falling thicker. “I love you too.”
“I think she likes us,” Bucky huffed under his breath sarcastically to Steve, moving to slide the barn door open.
. We’ll help her. I told her we’d head north. But I want more answers about what we’re walking into. I’ll see what I can get out of her when she wakes.”
“So what? We leave her here with nothing? Out in the open so anything can get her?” Steve argued. He bent down and hooked his arms under her shoulders and knees, lifting the brunette’s limp form into his arms.
The room was all too quiet now, but Bucky could see the hurt in both of their eyes. Blows must have been traded minutes before, far beyond the two’s usual bickering. “You have a meeting at three so I suggest you hurry up and look over your paperwork,” Bucky snapped, before leveling Toni with a hard look. “Ms. Stark.”
“That’s because she didn’t,” Toni cut her off, waving a hand dismissively as she passed the secretary’s desk. “But it is always a pleasure to see you, Sharon. Is your boss in?”
“What are we drinking?” he asked, reaching his good arm over the counter to grab a glass. “Hopefully something strong.”
After a few moments, Steve’s hands slowed to a stop in favor of gently running down Tony’s arms. “Good,” he murmured softly.
“What? I’ll have you know my mother thinks I’m a catch and you’re lucky to have me. She just said so on the phone, so there,” came Ty’s chipper retort over the sound of the faucet running again.
Her tired eyes slowly found Steve’s, but she offered no snarky comment or insult. Somehow, that was more concerning. Instead, she just shook her head slowly and turned her gaze up towards the ceiling. Steve squeezed her hand, before turning to Bucky. “There are two rooms across the hall. Try them and see if they have a supply closet or something. Just stay out of the room beside us.”
Tony snorted, glaring darkly at Steve. "Are we really gonna have this talk? I get the gist: keep my mouth shut or I'll be swimming with the fishes, right?" Tony hissed sarcastically but Steve's expression didn't falter.
as it opened. There was the sound of glass clinking again, footsteps drawing near and Toni pushed Bucky out the door quickly. “It’s unlocked,
Bucky slid a videotape into the player and turned the TV on. Loki watched himself drug Tony and take him, the video playing over and over. A sickening feeling rose in his chest and he was narrowing his eyes. He forgot about the cameras. Part of him wondered if they caught him planting the bombs. He took a deep breath and looked to Steve. “I know how that may look-"
“Sure,
"Or else what?" Bucky frowned, fists clenching. Tony pointed to the television screen on the wall and Bucky stood slowly, moving over and studying it. “This is the surveillance feeds from the Estate," Bucky frowned. “One of them is offline…the bomb!" Bucky frowned and Tony nodded.
It was the thunder that woke Toni, not that she had been sleeping very well to begin with. The glass rattled in the windows, followed moments later by another flash of lightning that briefly illuminated the dark bedroom. An arm was slung around her bare waist, Ty’s soft breaths rhythmically washing over the back of her neck. Toni lifted her head to glance over her shoulder, finding her fiancé’s expression oddly serene. He was out cold, then. Deciding that it was pretty clear she wouldn’t be able to fall back asleep anytime soon, Toni carefully shifted free from Ty’s hold and stood from the bed. She grabbed her robe from the closet door as she passed, shrugging it on over her bare form as she padded her way out of the bedroom and down the hallway to the living room.
buy alcohol, gamble, and get into nightclubs?”
. Even with Rhodey of all people. The man shuffled forward, pausing to crouch before Toni and touch her chin. “Baby girl?” The nickname was an unfair move on his part and Toni felt her fists clench.
Bruce yawned as he moved towards the lab the next morning, rubbing his eyes and sliding his glasses into place. He took a sip from his mug of coffee as he pushed open the door, finding the lights on and Tony slumped at the lab bench, cheek pressed to the keyboard of his computer. “Tony?” Bruce asked, walking over to the sleeping man and nudging him. “Have you been in here all night?”
“I swear it,” the man insisted, leaning forward and raising his hands in a placating, submissive gesture. “I was technically doing you a favor.“
His eyes shifted to Bruce, who was calmly sipping his coffee. Bruce? No, Clint crossed that name right off the list. He hoped
Steve’s jaw clenched and he stepped forward, opening his mouth in preparation to argue, but the screeching of Bucky’s chair against the floor cut him off. “Okay,” the brunet began, slipping between the two before a second argument could begin. “I think we can revisit this discussion. Would you do me the honor of a dance, Ms. Stark?”
“I’m sorry, Rogers. Are we boring you?” Ty’s eyes flicked towards Steve’s phone, and there was a brief flicker of disdain in his otherwise smug expression.
“Hurts like a bitch,” Toni mumbled, glaring down at the offending limb before laying her head back in the straw tiredly. “Thank you. For resetting it.”
Rhodey slowly pulled the car to a stop outside of the fence that surrounded the factory, turning to Steve and giving a nod. Steve slid out of the car, walking around to the back and throwing open the car’s rear doors, exposing the large amount of weaponry and ammunition they had brought with them. “Rhodey, I want you and Dugan to head up high and get in. Blueprints of the building show that there was catwalks along the high ceilings. Use them and give cover fire.”
Bruce nodded, carefully cutting away the bandages and peeling them back to expose the angry, red stitches in the upper left corner of Bucky’s chest. Steve watched the exchange intently, stormy blue eyes following Bruce’s every move as the doctor began to clean the wound. They were exchanging words, probably about how Bucky was handling the pain and how he could go about checking the wound himself for infection. All Steve could focus on were those neat little stitches, sealing up the hole that someone had made in his best friend. This man, who had followed Steve into a den of lions at just a teen, who braved warehouse raids, shootouts, arrest, and more just to watch over his friend. Steve owed Bucky his life- or at the very least his sanity- and he hadn’t been able to protect him.
Tony moved his tongue against Steve’s, putting up a weak fight for dominance that he knew Steve would win as he fisted his hands in the front of Steve’s shirt, tugging him impossibly closer. Steve let out a soft moan as Tony moved a hand to Steve’s hair, tangling his fingers into the blonde locks to give a short tug. Steve pulled back after a moment, lips moving to meet the skin of Tony’s neck but the sound of footsteps padding towards the kitchen made them both freeze. Steve immediately moved away, giving Tony a look before grabbing his ice tea and moving out to the living room.
It wasn’t a complete lie, and Steve had to admire her ability to maneuver the topic of her father’s illegal work in conversation without giving too much away. Each word seemed carefully chosen, and Steve expected nothing more from a Stark. After all, he knew she was right; Howard Stark was the most dangerous man of all. “Either way, I hear men line up from all over the city just for a chance to work with your father, so there must be something that keeps them coming. I bet his schedules are booked clear through the next few years,” Steve joked.
Toni rolled her eyes, leaning forward to carefully apply the mascara to her lashes. “It’s a shame you’re not as charming as you were back then.”
Bruce nodded, moving off to make arrangements while Steve turned to Clint. “Any ideas on how to get more information?"
Tony was finally packed, fitting his clothes and other possessions into two backpacks, carrying them down the stairs. He set them down at the door and moved into the living room, packing up his laptop quickly while Clint and Steve loaded there things into the car. Wrapping up the power cord, Tony looked around, confused. “Clint, where’s my flashdrive?” he called.
"Boring. Thor got hit in the leg but Bruce is patching him up with the others are raiding the last of Obadiah's weapon stores." Steve explained, turning to give a look at Bucky in the seat behind him. "You okay? We thought-"
“Buck?” Steve straightened out, pressing a finger to his free ear to block out the excess noise. There was a clatter in what Steve assumed was Bucky dropping the phone, followed by a heavy thud not far from the receiver. “Bucky?”
“Of course, Howard. She’s welcome here, we have plenty of room.” Now that must have killed him to say. He must be feeling real guilty for suspecting her father. “And anything you need moving forward, let me know. We’re allies for a reason. And as for the meeting I missed the other night-“
each other, they worked well together, and they at least meant
“But you won’t,” Natasha called back, tone exasperated before she appeared in the bathroom doorway. “Breakfast is being prepared for you. I’ll have them leave it in your office. You need a shower and a fresh set of clothes before you go. Maybe a shave. You look awful.”
Sharon made a move to stand from her chair. “Then I’m sure you won’t mind taking a seat over there while Mr. Rogers finishes his current meeting, Ms. Stark.”
“When?”
She clearly didn’t want to go any further into the conversation, and Bucky wouldn’t push. She had given him a lot just now, and maybe the rest of the story would come over time, when she was more comfortable. He appreciated her effort, and although he still hadn’t forgiven her for how she acted when they met, it was a step in the right direction. Enough so that Bucky decided to offer his own personal anecdote, an olive branch after she opened herself up. “We weren’t even supposed to be in Brooklyn, when it all happened. We were deployed in Afghanistan, Steve and I, but we… we were on mission when our group was ambushed. I got shot in my left shoulder and suffered some nerve damage. Got an honorable discharge and shipped home. Steve, the stubborn bastard, made a big fuss until they gave him leave to come help me settle in with physical therapy and all.”
Loki walked down the side walk, wide grin in place with the comfortable weight of money in his pocket. He whistled softly as he stepped into his apartment building, fishing for his keys as he climbed the stairs. If he was lucky, Thor wouldn’t be home and he could just grab the bags he packed the other night and be on his way. Maybe find an apartment on Stane’s side of the city.
If they hadn’t been arguing, sure. “So I assume that means you don’t care that Barnes is missing?” Toni asked, trailing her fingers along the handle of her door idly.
“I’m a busy man, Mr. Stone,” Steve replied in exasperation, opening a text from Bucky and standing. So the manager was stealing from Steve’s shipments. “And that business requires me to go deal with an issue. I am afraid I will have to cut this meeting short.”
Steve pulled the car to a stop outside of the factory's main entrance, smiling as the two guards barely had time to lift their heads before Thor leaned out the window and put a bullet between their eyes. "Good aim, Thor." Steve praised as he stepped out of the car and adjusted his vest, taking a loaded magazine from his back pocket and jabbing it into his assault rifle.
“You will, if you keep him caged longer than necessary. I’ll tell you what I told Bucky: you not at fault for being forced to feel a certain way in a game that was designed against you. Obadiah had this planned for a long time. He wanted to see you angry and out of control and unable to save Bucky, and you shouldn’t feel guilty for playing into his plan a little bit. That was the very point of his plan. All you can do now is prepare for the future; build up your defenses to prevent this from happening again and coming up with a hell of a lot better response if it does. You’ll need Bucky’s help to do that, and it’ll definitely prevent him from going stir crazy while he’s actually in real recovery.”
Tony snorted, eyes narrowly. “That’s not what it looks like,” he hissed, squirming under the larger male.
Also, I write everything in chronological order (except for the flashbacks) and divide each event/POV using line breaks. Nobody has said anything, but if anyone is having trouble following along, please let me know in the comments and I would be more than happy to reply with a rough timeline to help put things in perspective. I try to add enough description to the settings to help readers establish when it is morning, afternoon, night, etc., but there was a lot of events and small time skips going on in this chapter and I just want to make sure everyone is good!
Bucky watched from the window as her town car speed off down the driveway, rubbing at his eyes in frustration before he turned away. Definitely a long day, and it was only going to get longer by night. Where the hell was his coffee?
It was like someone hit him over the head with a rock. That was the first thought Tony registered as he woke slowly in a bed on black silk sheets. He grunted softly as he sat up, rubbing his aching head as he glanced around the room. Where the Hell was he? The room was much bigger than his bedroom at the Estate, and smelt distinctly like roses. And a little blood. The smell was almost sickening. He slowly slip to the edge of the large bed and stood, wobbling slightly and gripping at the bedpost for a moment to steady himself.
Clint paused.
, you fucking idiot. It being in Manhattan could have just been a fucking coincidence. Doesn’t automatically mean my father is out to get you. He spent three years helping you build yourself up.”
He had camped out in the hallway all night, and after much convincing, JARVIS unlocked the door to Tony’s bedroom for Steve. Steve entered the shadowed room, a few stray strands of sunlight breaking through the window and casting a soft glow to Tony’s curled up figure on the bed. Steve’s heart clenched at the very sight.
There was a snort. “And yet you saw the way she ran out earlier. She was spotted in Brooklyn this afternoon, visiting Rogers’ estate.”
Clint snorted. “If you haven’t noticed, Hogan isn’t the most coordinated soul on the block,” he said. “Now that Pepper girl, she can kick ass.” Clint teased.
Steve sighed and nodded slowly, relaxing and rubbing his face. “I just got little sleep last night. Been worrying about that bomb and Tony…"
She passed the kitchen on the left, eyes locked on the door on the far right end of the hallway. What had that been about? She must be working on the right track with how jumpy Ty is getting. She’ll have to pull back a bit until lunch. It would be better to catch them off-guard as best as she could to prevent them from being able to establish some kind of lie before she outright questioned them. That seemed to be the best course- A muffled sound caught her attention.
The snarky reply was immediate, as expected. “Oh, I know. The great James Barnes strikes again.” The faucet shut off in the background, replaced by the crinkling of a paper towel. “I’m washing up in the second floor bathroom. I’ll be down in five and we can head back to the house. Celebrate with a drink. How does that-“ Bucky cut off for a brief moment, before continuing in a sharper, low tone. “The fuck do you think you’re doing, buddy?”
Steve hummed from his seat, calmly taking a sip of his coffee before setting it aside and pulling out his pistol, placing it on the table with the barrel facing Tony. "As much as I'd love to hear about your family issues, I do have a schedule to keep and a business meeting in an hour. We need to talk about what you saw tonight, Tony."
“Fifteen minutes,” Sharon commented, briefly glancing over her shoulder towards the office door. “I suggest you intervene before they start throwing things.”
Comments and kudos are appreciated!
Loki wasn’t stupid; he knew what Steve’s “little talks" consisted of. But that didn’t deter Loki, who was tilting his chin up with a show of courage. “Of course we do."
“You know my daughter?”
Bucky hugged him tightly when Tony trailed off, hoping to sooth the now shivering man. “Shh, Tony, it’s okay. No one blames you for giving in. I would’ve too, if I were you. I promise, we’re gonna get out of here and when we do, you can have the first shot at Stane. Deal?”
Tony nearly jumped out of his skin, glancing to see Steve leaning against the door frame. “So I got a lot on my mind, what’s it to you?” Tony huffed, immediately turning defensive as if Steve knew what he was thinking.
“And you are the one who just found out your fiancé is a psycho,” Bucky retorted, raising a brow. “My wounds are physical, for the most part. But you look like you have a lot going on in that crazy head of yours,” he added, tapping a finger against her temple.
“But you want to dream bigger?” Howard asked, and Steve had a sneaking suspicion that the man was speaking from his own experience. And yet he was right.
"Are you sure, sir?" the agent asked uncertainly.
Loki snorted, licking over his lower lip and glaring up to Clint. “He is not my boss. He is simply a client who needed my expertise."
Obadiah leaned back into his chair, humming thoughtfully as he sipped from his glass of scotch. “Let them through. Act like they’re surprising us.” He hummed, standing. “And bring me Anthony.”
The boss sat back in his chair, resting his chin on his palm. “There’s computer programs, all self-written and coded perfectly. There’s blueprints and designs for buildings, cars and…weapons,” the boss’s eyes glinted as he stood. “Almost to intricate for anyone to understand but him. This must be why Rogers has him protected.” He shut the laptop, grabbing the flashdrive and tucking it safely into his pocket.
Clint huffed, leaning back and crossing his arms tightly. “Fine.”
“It isn’t crap,” Tony hissed defensively, flicking Clint’s cheek in protest while Bucky hummed. “I like the new kid. He doesn’t let anyone get away with anything.”
Comments and kudos are appreciated!
Two men occupied the room. Steve stood with his back to Toni, looming before his office window overlooking the gardens. His hands were folded behind his back, broad shoulders tense in an unmistakable way that betrayed his anger. On the other side of the desk, sat between her and the blonde, was a thin, red headed man. He had his back to her as well, and though Toni couldn’t see his face, she was sure he was watching Steve intently. His nervousness was conveyed in the jittering bounce of his right leg.
Justin groaned, looking over the map. “T-the dividing line of both territories is along Main Street.” Lifting his good hand with two good fingers left, he pointed to two small buildings marked on the map. “Stane has two armories set up in these office buildings where he stores his extra men and guns.” He dragged his finger to the top right hand corner of the map, marked off as a residential area. “His base of operations is his estate on Applewood Drive.”
Bucky glanced over Toni’s head, finding the blonde at the other end of the aisle with two water bottle packs in his cart. Bucky nodded once, glancing down and offering Toni a small smile. “Yeah. Yeah, we’re good.”
“I’m the one that fucking taught you how to shoot. I can lead one stupid little patrol,” Bucky snarled, pointing a finger right back at the blonde. “I’m not going to just sit here and take a little vacation while those bastards are out there.”
But the action wasn’t as silent as she had hoped, and there was a distinct
Steve finally leveled the redhead with a glare. “Well sure. She’s a brat, but she’s been put through a lot these past two days. She doesn’t deserve that.”
. I’m losing my mind playing this waiting game.”
Bucky rolled his eyes, finally looking up to glower at Steve. “You made me come with you tonight, I reserve the right to complain. And I know you can’t stop thinking about Stark, but you could at least acknowledge me. I don’t want to be roped into a conversation with any of your business partners.”
“Engaged,” Bucky corrected, crossing his arms and leaning against the wall beside him. “And they still have a considerable amount of influence over Stark’s decisions. And since Stone is in line to take over Howard’s business, you better get used to working with him.”
I hope you guys liked the taste of our characters when they were young, full of emotions, and new to the mob scene. Now back to our regularly scheduled passive-aggressive programming for this little transition chapter!
“Good, she needs the rest.” Bucky lifted the bag, setting it onto the counter. “Supermarket is clear. Had two walkers roaming the aisles, but I made short work of them. Just grabbed some things for tonight; figured we could head back in the morning to go through everything else.”
Loki, after the hour of interrogation he had spent, was bruised and bloodied, eyes tired as he glared up to Steve. “To a guy who knows how to use his genius," Loki sneered, avoiding the question for the fifth time in a row.
Tony whirled around to glare at Steve, a dark fire burning in his eyes. “Are you seriously defending you relationship with her? In front of me?” Tony’s voice was quiet, yet it sent shivers down Steve’s spine.
She wouldn’t elaborate more on that and Bucky didn’t push. How could she guarantee that her family was even alive? In this world, it was easier to just assume everyone is dead. But he was reminded how young she was, even younger when the country first fell. She didn’t have a normal transition into adulthood and maybe clinging to the idea of living family was all she had. And she had very little. Bucky’s jaw clenched, and he turned back to the fire, twirling a piece of straw in his hands. Finally, he huffed. “North it is, then.” He heard her shift to look at him, but he kept his eyes on the flames. “Get some rest.”
Toni took a breath, like she’s had to tell this story a million times or… or she hasn’t had to tell it at all before. “When things started to go down, the military recruited my father. My mother was already turned, so they escorted me and my dad out of New York just when it was starting to get overrun.” She paused, swallowing thickly and she still refused to meet his eyes. “They took us to a military base outside of the city where they were loading up a few families onto different planes with different destinations. Diplomats, scientists, generals. You name it, they all got first class tickets away from the virus.”
Toni opened her mouth, but couldn’t think of an argument. Logically, he was right. Steve wanted the big business, he should have to deal with the retaliation himself. No one would respect him otherwise. But this was the part of the mob business Toni hated: senseless harming of individuals to make a point. She rejected the use of killing and torture in their line of work, and it was part of the reason she had and would continue to refuse taking on the family business from her father when he retired. Someone was intending to harm Bucky to get to Rogers, and it was all barbaric. Uncivilized, compared to the financial finagling and publicity Toni manipulated for their business. She had the public and the government supporting the Stark name, the family was receiving a huge payload through her work, and it all happened without killing some poor lackey who had signed up with a mob to make a quick buck for themselves or their family.
“I was carrying too much. That thing came out of nowhere and I didn’t have time to aim properly before I was slipping over the edge,” Toni explained, her good hand picking at the hem of Bucky’s flannel shirt wrapped around her. “You gonna leave me in this next town?”
Toni shook her head, turning her back to him as the front door opened to reveal Obadiah’s personal guard and driver. “Hello, Raza. Is he ready?”
That comment seemed to catch Bucky’s attention and his dark gaze found Steve’s immediately. “Are you doubting my ability, Rogers? After all the jobs and patrols I’ve run for you, you think I’m some inexperienced criminal who’s gonna let myself get snatched again?”
Toni shifted, drifting around the blonde and nodding once towards the door. “Come on, Banner, I’ll walk you out. I would love to ask you a few questions about your work along the way.”
They were talking, exchanging panicked words and Toni could only watch their mouths move, brow furrowed. The blonde- Steve, was it? Steve smoothed back the strands of hair that clung to her sweaty forehead, examining her response before he shook his head to his brunet partner- Bucky. Right, the one with the stupid name. Bucky, who was gingerly prodding at her right forearm and Toni only belatedly realized what they were discussing.
“North.”
Obadiah took a step in just as Ty rose from the couch. “Actually, I’m here to see your fiancé.”
“Indefinitely,” Toni muttered, taking a slice for herself and taking a bite. She watched him for a moment in the dim visibility provided by the light over the stove. “You’re looking better.”
“Yeah, yeah, sorry Im late. Fucking brother went to bed late and I had to wait for him to fall asleep.” Clint was saying, huffing as the darken figure to his left snorted.
The morning after getting Tony and Bucky back from Obidiah, Clint expected a lot of things to happen. He expected Thor to come bounding into the kitchen early that morning demanding poptarts. He expected Bruce to sit at the end of the table and quietly begin reading the newspaper. He expected to see Natasha sneak in to fix a cup of coffee for herself and Bucky.
"The bomb was small, Tony." Bucky reassured immediately. “Barely hurt the lab. Bruce and Phil came out fine," he said softly and Tony sighed, lifting himself to sit on a lab table and crossing his legs. “This isn’t your fault, Tony. None of it is. You don’t deserve to be in this situation."
“Babe,” Toni began, watching Ty fuss with the bottles at the bar. “Pour me a little something? You know what I like. I’m going to use the restroom before we leave.”
Steve growled, stepping around the desk and out into the hallway. “Where are they?” he asked shortly as he passed Sharon’s desk, hardly waiting for the “Library” she tossed out in response before he was stalking through the house towards the reading room.
Sunlight filtered through the large windows of his bedroom, lazily tinting his face with yellow warmth. Tony groaned loudly, pulling his pillow over his head to bury his face in the silk pillow case.”JARVIS, shades.”
“So your father is north,” Bucky guessed.
It was noon by the time Steve was shouldering open the door to Bucky’s bedroom, a tray in hand adorned with lunch for the brunet. It had been another rough morning for the blonde, his morning run around the neighborhood feeling lonelier and lonelier the more days he went without Bucky. His shoes hitting the pavement, the absence of the usual breathless banter, it all reminded the blonde that his best friend was home in bed, nursing a nasty bullet wound from a kidnapping where he had nearly been killed. Bucky’s kidnapping may not have been a direct attack on Steve as much as it was on Howard, but it still proved two things. One: Steve was a sucker for his family. Two: he was not able to protect them. And if there was anyone he should be able to protect? Of all the men and women who contribute to the business, was he even a good boss if he couldn’t protect his second in command?
“Make sure the contracts are finished, Barnes. I will see you tonight at the benefit,” Toni pushed through the front door, descending down the front walk towards the waiting car in the driveway.
Toni’s head cocked to the side, and although they were currently stopped at a red light, she resolutely kept her eyes glued to the road. “What about my apartment…right,” She stopped herself. “My apartment, which Ty has keys to and will probably never be safe for me to return to again. So…Steve’s house.”
Steve huffed, but a smile curled his lips just barely. “Thanks,” he muttered sarcastically, standing from the bed and wedging off his shoes. “And thanks for the sleep too. I feel better.”
“Yeah, somehow I don’t think Rogers will go for that. He went insane while you were missing,” Toni muttered, leaning forward to rest her elbows on the counter as she picked at her own crust. “Insufferable, really.”
"He was certainly thinking about it," Tony huffed and glanced to Donovan, frowning at those cool blue eyes that were nothing like Steve’s warm ones.
The boss snapped his fingers and Justin moved forward, hand the boss a laptop. The boss plugged in the flashdrive, fingers tapping impatiently while he waited for the files to upload. He sent Donovan a glare before he began to preview each file, his brow slowly furrowing in confusion.
“So you fucking drugged me. How did you-“
Steve simply watched, giving Bucky another look. “Search his pockets." He ordered and Bucky immediately began cleaning out the contents of Loki’s pocket. “There’s nothing in th- hello, what’s this?" Bucky growled, pulling out the stack of money and passing it to Steve.
this week.”
When Steve finally spoke again, his low voice broke Toni from her quiet fuming. “You know, before you arrived, I received a call from one of my men. He had been tracking a lead on Bucky’s whereabouts.”
stopping Obadiah’s weapons. “Alright,” he nodded, cool eyes turning back to the map. “I’ll take Thor, Rhodes and Dugan with me to the factory.” He said, looking over the group.
"Doesn’t matter, Bruce. It’s the principle." Clint mumbled, closing his eyes. “He didn’t wake for three days. I never left that damn waiting room." Clint sniffled and he was rubbing furiously at his eyes. Bruce had never seen Clint cry, but he knew family was a hard subject for him. “Doctors said he’d be fine, but he had suffered heavy blows to his chest. His heart was under stress but they said that it was mild and nothing a few pills couldn’t help. I remember walking into the room and there the stubborn ass was, broken arm and covered in cuts and bruises, and he just looks up at me and says ‘are mom and dad mad at me?’." Clint laughs, rubbing his face. “I promised then and there to watch that kid like a hawk. To protect him. Because he’s the only brother I got."
“It’s been two years since the outbreak. Does she really…” Steve paused. “She just… doesn’t seem like the hopeful type.”
“I’ll be in nine with the bottled beverages.”
Clint shook his head. "Had a bad day. He usually isn't this cold once he get's to know you, which he wont. You're staying away from them and keeping to your usual schedule. You aren't getting into all of this."
Steve didn’t want to push his luck; he’s already forced Bucky out of his comfort zone enough by promising to help her until her arm was fixed.
Bucky’s head snapped up. Fiancé? They were talking about- A foot connected with his stomach and the brunet lurched forward with a pained wheeze. “Looks like our guest is awake,” the less familiar voice hummed, feet scuffing on the cement as he turned. “Have your fun until he’s unconscious, but don’t kill him yet. It can be so hard to get rid of the smell.”
Howard nodded, taking her chin in hand and forcing her to meet his eyes. “We will crush the traitors eventually. But for now, be strong, Antonia. What are we made of?”
. But that was another matter entirely. At the sound of the toaster going off, Clint turned to Thor. Tony barely knew the blonde, would he really go for him? Besides, last time Clint had check, Thor was babbling about a woman he met at the club…Jane, right?
Toni offered a small, amused smile. “You’re busy.”
Toni’s breath came out in short puffs, mind racing with a millions thoughts all at once. Bucky looked awful, no shortage of bruises or blood littering his skin and clothes. He was still dressed in his black slacks and white button down from the museum benefit, though the once pristine fabric had been torn or ripped either in his transportation or his torture. His shirt was stained red on one side, most likely from a nasty bullet wound that was probably infected by now. One eye was swollen shut, complimenting his split lip that still oozed blood. And those were only the visible injuries.
With that, she slammed the door shut and raced down the front walk to her car, sliding into the driver’s seat and turning the key in the ignition. One look in the rearview mirror confirmed Bucky was sprawled across the backseat, resting his head back against the cool glass of the window. “Please tell me you taught that fucker a lesson,” he muttered, eyes shut as he adjusted uncomfortably in his seat.
Natasha’s dark eyes bore into Steve as she approached his desk to stand directly before it. “No one is asking you to give up. Of course not. I’m telling you that basic self-care is needed to keep you fresh and
“Now we’re talking,” Ty huffed, pushing his way between the two into the house and towards sitting room to the left.
“Well of course you should be, Tones. He was your fiancé, he was in your life for three years. I’d be concerned if you
Steve’s expression was grim, but he nodded. “Schmidt.” No words were needed to describe Steve’s discomfort at the mention. “And we’re…we’re going to help her, right?”
"I kept my hands to myself!"
The group decides to have a movie night that gets a little too heated for Tony.
“I know you’re upset,” Natasha’s voice disrupted the quiet, her dark eyes flicking from the road to Steve and back again. “But I need you to keep a level head. We all want to get Barnes back and we will find out what happened to him, but you do have other responsibilities to take care of today. There are deliveries going out, patrols to be coordinated, and Sharon says you have a few meetings on the books.”
Bucky huffed, jaw clenching as he looked over the brunette girl. Her face was pale, a sheen of sweat forming on her brow and cheekbones. Steve knew he had to see how frail she looked. Finally, his husband scoffed and waved his hand. “I guess we can’t just leave her at the bottom of a cliff with a bad arm and no supplies. Fine. But you’re in charge of her, Steve. I mean it; if you want to be a damn hero, she’s yours to care for.”
Steve glanced over to Bucky, finding the brunet watching him intently with a warm look. He knew Bucky’s aversion to strangers and yet the brunet was still willing to help the girl.
Toni rounded the corner into the dining room, tipping her head in greeting to Jarvis and the bowl of fruit he was placing in her usual spot. Toni expected to find her father at the head of the table, a mug of coffee cradled in his right hand while the left sorted through a file that either contained legit business information or horribly illegal activities. It could honestly go either way. What Toni did not expect to find was the blonde settled in the seat to Howard’s left, directly across from Toni’s chair. It was the man she had danced with the night before, the one who had tried to weasel his way into a meeting with her father. And it looks like he didn’t need to manipulate Toni; he had found a way in all on his own. “I have to go, Pepper. I’ll call you later,” Toni was already hanging up, cautiously pulling out her chair and taking a seat. “Good morning, dad. Mr. Rogers,
The two watched her father disappear, before the intruder’s eyes were on Toni with a grateful and guilty expression. “Look-“
with Rogers.”
"Hey Stark," Donovan called as he sauntered into the room, leer almost involuntary as he moved towards the lab table Tony was working at. Bucky was beside Tony almost immediately, playing bodyguard as he crossed his arms threateningly. "The boss wants to see you," Donovan supplied, throwing a harsh glance in Bucky’s direction. "
Justin Hammer let out a sharp yelp as he was pressed against a table, bent over so he got a clear view of the map spread across it. His hands were help tightly behind his back, not that they’d be any help with his broken fingers and all. Steve was pacing along the edge of the far side of the table, muscular arms crossed tightly. His eyes swept over the map of the city before meeting Justin’s, a cruel fire burning in them. “Tell me what I want to know.”
“His name is Steve.”
territory again, I want him gunned down on the spot."
Bucky made a face. “But Tony, a signal cant necessary work. I mean it isn’t like we can light the lab on fire and make a smoke signal," Bucky huffed.
Ty groaned, straightening out and moving to stub his cigarette out against the stone façade of the building. “Seriously, Toni?”
She had no incentive to save Bucky upon discovering him tied up in that wine cellar, and yet she risked taking on a trained guard and her own fiancé to free him. The spoiled brat that had been a pain in his side since their first encounter was not as black and white as Steve first thought. Perhaps he didn’t want to see any deeper character in her as much as she didn’t want to see one in Steve. Humanizing an enemy makes them harder to hit, of course. But the young woman, who he had been so convinced was nothing more than a selfish, antagonizing child, was brave. She was willing to make a sacrifice for someone she hardly knew, despite all the shit Steve had piled on her over the course of Bucky’s disappearance.
Obadiah growled and before Tony knew it, his head was submerged into the water, held there as he struggled for air. He felt water rush through his mouth and noise, each breath in only met by a wave of fluids. He squirmed under Obadiah’s grip, desperately trying to get air as his lungs began to burn. It was only when spots began to fill Tony’s vision that Obidiah yanked his head from the water, watching as the boy sputtered and coughed loudly.
The girl was sprawled across the padded exam table, but her eyes were half-lidded as she watched Bucky root through the cabinets. “I can’t see a damn thing- here, give me that,” Bucky took the flashlight, pulling out the various boxes of tongue depressors, gauze, gloves and other supplies. “We should have found a pharmacy first, this doctor has shit for pain meds. I mean I know they write prescriptions, but you’d think they’d have the hard stuff locked up somewhere around here for emergencies.”
, Clint. I dont want to leave it just because you’re involved with a mob.”
The back door was suddenly thrown open and Justin stalked out into the parking lot. He took one look to his guards before growling. “I want you to find who did this!" He snarled and they nodded immediately, taking position on either side of Hammer as the slowly scanned the car and the parking lot.
"A bomb," Bruce croaked softly as Clint moved beside him instantly, arm wrapping around his shoulder to keep him steady as the dirty blonde lifted him up.
The blonde continued on down the hall, opening each door slowly and peaking his head inside. The rooms on the left had no windows and were near pitch black inside, but nothing stirred at his entrance and he deemed them safe. The door at the end of the hall was just a bathroom, which left the second door on the right. With a brief pause, Steve twisted the knob with all intentions of shoving inside, but it was locked. Did he want to know what was on the other side?
Tony grumbled softly incoherent, flipping Steve off before slumping into the chair across from Bucky. “Not a morning person, huh,” Bucky asked as Tony slumped his head forward to rest on the cool table top.
“I’ll take care of it. I’ll distract her, maybe take her on a trip upstate for a few days to keep her busy.”
“This it?” Steve interrupted the two, coming to a stop before a large building that encompassed an entire block, from one intersection to the next. “Door’s blocked by newspaper racks and furniture displays.”
“That’s not a bad idea at all,” Bucky agreed. “I just don’t want you blaming yourself for all of this.”
Thanks everyone for the comments and kudos, I think I've finally caught up on replying to at least one of everyone's comments! Hope you enjoy this next chapter, it definitely has enough drama!
Steve gave him a look, snorting. “Tell me what I want to know and I might consider letting you live,” he said, voice eerily calm and it made Justin swallow.
“Oh no, I’ll take that, please.”
She was out the door before she could hear a response, dialing Rhodey’s number as she took the stairs to the parking garage. “I’m on my way, sugarplum, but I’m going to be a half an hour late. I have to make a quick stop in Brooklyn.”
“Wasn’t asking permission,” Toni huffed, stepping out of the sitting room and continuing down the hallway.
“Like I said: genius. It runs in the family. My dad was… a weapons manufacturer. Gifted with all technology and sciences of course, but…weapons were his real thing,” Toni muttered, taking the empty can of chili and placing it on the shelf beside her.
Steve huffed, shaking his head. “Bucky would do the same if it was me.”
"Good. Lets go. Natasha, clear us a path." Clint ordered. "Buck, cover our six," Clint said as he maneuvered Tony to exit the roof.
“Anything you say, Princess,” Steve called with a snicker, making Tony huff.
“Overnight,” Bucky reported. “Your arm?”
“You mean the fiancé currently flirting with the waitress serving our table? Somehow, I’m sure he’ll manage.” The fact that Toni didn’t even glance over to check was worth noting, and Bucky raised a brow at the young woman. “You don’t seem broken up about it.”
Bucky nodded in agreement, sitting down in his chair. “Birdbrain always makes sure we’re feed,” he smirked, eagerly digging in.
Clint was fully aware of Obadiah's men as they circled the three, guns trained on their heads and waiting for Obadiah's orders. "I dont care. I know I sure as hell won't surrender to you," He hissed lowly as he stepped forward. "I'll gladly die for Tony, even if it's only an attempt to save him."
"Oh, fuck you," Bucky huffed, slumping in his seat with a pout.
“My father likes to keep his work life separate from his home life. And as for his business partners?” Toni continued, eyes flicking towards her father. “It’s a bit more complicated than just ‘dangerous men’.”
“Did you check by your computer?” Came the response that had Tony making a face.
"No lies," Clint growled, fingers brushing against the gun on his hip as if he wouldn’t hesitate to kill Loki.
She was unconscious now, and had been for the past fifteen minutes. Bucky had finished setting her arm, now using their last roll of bandages to wrap Toni’s forearm and create a layer of padding. He then took the two sticks he had found, each reaching from the girl’s wrist to her elbow, and placed them on either side of her arm. He tied them into place using three torn scraps from her discarded t-shirt, finishing off the splint. Using the remaining half of the shirt, Bucky cut a line from the collar to the hemline, creating one long strip that he stretched out as best he could.
Because although Bucky was his second in command, Steve didn’t give him orders and Bucky didn’t follow him just because he was the boss. They were friends, equals until the end. Bucky was much more than the others who worked for Steve. He had been there since the beginning and Steve knew he would find him there at the end. Still, Steve looked over his shoulder, jaw clenching as he nodded once. “It is.”
They finally crossed the door frame of the sitting room and into the safety of the foyer, Toni finally exhaling shakily through her nose. They were in the home stretch now. Toni’s hand closed around the doorknob and tugged, the front door swinging open.
Obadiah hummed thoughtfully, looking from Bucky to Tony. "I suppose. I'll give you one day. To help him In anyway you see fit. But by lunchtime tomorrow, I expect you to be back working on my weapons, Anthony."
The blonde jerked, eyes tearing away from the whale to land on his best friend seated beside him. “What did you say?”
Steve nodded his agreement, and with one sharp jerk, he rammed the butt of his shotgun into the doorknob and broke it off. Much quieter than breaking the glass. Steve led the way in, shotgun raised as he studied what must have been the waiting room. The blue, leather-bound chairs were toppled, but there was no signs of panic or struggle that was common among the medical buildings they crossed. Most of them Steve and Bucky had ever crossed were ransacked, if not filled with the dead thanks to infected people flooding the emergency rooms and clinics with the hopes of curing their viruses and saving their loved ones.  But this one was in relatively good condition, which meant it must have been closed during the outbreak or the locals hadn’t bothered. Steve checked behind the reception desk, before leading them down the hallway with five closed doors.
Steve glanced up to the roof, spotting a glint of red hair in the moonlight. Not as good with a rifle as Bucky, but it’ll do. “From now on, I want to know your plans before we start them," Steve growled, voice leaving no room for argument as Clint nodded.
“Happy Birthday.”
him, Ty. You fucking kidnapped him. There’s nothing to explain other than what you thought you were going to do with him.”
She wouldn’t admit it was because her suspicions were connecting the two to Bucky’s disappearance.
Toni took it after a moment, allowing Steve to press a brief kiss to her knuckles before pulling free. “Mr. Rogers.”
“I wasn’t aware I was making a joke.”
His soft words continued on like that, and it must have been an hour before Toni’s breath finally evened out, her tears stopping and leaving her with puffy eyes and red cheeks. Only when she stilled like that then Rhodey shifted, hooking his hands under her knees and lifting them both from the bed. He carried her to the bathroom and settled the woman on the sink, petting a hand through her hair before he finally pried himself free to start the shower. “Listen to me, Toni. You are such an amazing woman and the people in your life who refuse to see that and honor that aren’t worth your time or tears.” Rhodey turned back to her, cupping Toni’s cheek and forcing her to meet his eyes. “You’re going to do what you always do: reset and come back better than ever. They don’t stand a chance against you when you’re at your worst, and you’re going to fucking obliterate them when you’re at your best.” Toni mustered a small smile at that. “So you’re going to take a shower and refresh yourself while I get you some food. They don’t deserve you mourning their loss or questioning yourself any longer.”
Howard Stark knew. “I have some thoughts on how you can prevent future security mishaps. But first, Tiberius and I were going to grab a drink from the bar. I’m sure you wouldn’t mind keeping my daughter company until we return.”
“It’s not fine. It’s broken,” Bucky snapped back, but with more frustration at the situation than anger at her.
It was only then that Steve became aware of his audience, his cool blue eyes flicking up to catch Toni’s over the man’s head. The man followed Steve’s gaze, and Toni didn’t miss the sharp relief in his expression at having a witness in the room. It was a nice contrast to Steve’s clenching jaw.  Toni could only smile in amusement, pushing off of the door frame and continuing further into the room. “You know,” Toni chirped, approaching the bar to examine the liquor on display. “You really should invest in better security. I mean, anyone could just walk in here at the most inconvenient time.”
And with that, Toni stalked off of the dancefloor and disappeared into the crowd. Steve stood dumbfounded in her wake, shoving his fingers through his hair as he turned for the bar. Fucking idiot. His one change to get even remotely close to Howard Stark, and it blew up in his face. Taking up a stool at the bar, Steve flagged the bartender down for a drink, fingers drumming against the marble counter. His mind was whirling, already formulating new plans. Maybe he could get in touch with Howard’s scheduler and explain the situation, insist that he needed a speedy response and quick meeting? No, everyone must call in with that same excuse in the hopes of bumping up their meeting times. What if he found a new source for imports? Stark may control the docks, but Thor wasn’t the only company on the roads. Maybe he could sort through some of his father’s old contacts, grovel for quick solution until he could figure out his plan in the long term-
Toni shook her head, huffing a disbelieving laugh as she met his cold glare. “None of this is concrete evidence, Rogers. You sound like you’re grasping at straws, here, and I know you want Bucky back, but do this right. Don’t go turning on the only people who have ever tried to help you.”
"Ah, yes." The boss snapped his fingers and Justin Hammer was moving forward with a laptop. “You are here, Anthony, because of these," the man opened the computer, showing Tony his weapon designs. “You are a bright young man. And I would love to have your weapons made, but the designs are so complex, well, I’m afraid I needed you to help us out."
Steve steadied Tony, hands lingering his hips although no one seemed to notice. “Loki is the guy we call if we need to drug someone. Or kill them off. He’s good with poisons and stuff along those lines,” Steve explained, trying to keep vague for Tony’s sake.
“Because, even though what you did was shitty, I wasn’t going to leave you there by yourself and injured,” Steve assured, taking one last bite of the beans before he slid his plate across the table towards Toni. “Here. Eat.”
"Oh? Because it looks like you hacked my monitors, created a signal and contacted your moronic friends." Obadiah growled, flinging the cord aside in favor of stalking forward, seizing Tony’s chin and forcing him to meet his gaze. “It seems we’ve both underestimated each other," Obadiah tutted, giving Bucky a warning glare when the larger man tried to intervene.
The redhead hummed, straightening up and opening the door. “I know you’re not happy with having to stay here, but know that we’ll look out for you. Especially after what you did for Bucky.”
“Wait.” Bucky hefted Toni up, placing her inside his own cart before reaching for his backpack on Steve’s shoulder. “Alright, go. Just wanted the food and water for her.”
"Everyday. Killed me to let you stay with Bucky here," Clint joked as Bucky snorted indignantly.
“Well, I’m glad you could make it.” Lie. “I hope you enjoy the party.” Lie.
“Then why wasn’t there a body left behind? If the person just wanted Barnes dead, they would’ve left a body. And if they were trying to cover up his death, they wouldn’t have left the mess behind,” Toni argued, crossing her arms and returning her gaze to the window. “So for now, I’m operating under the assumption that he’s been taken.”
Steve calmly crossed his arms over his chest and shook his head once. “No, I don’t think I will do that.”
“He’s the doctor,” Steve said, not glancing up from his paper. “As you can imagine, there are a lot of injuries doing what we do and it can get a little pricey with all the trips to the hospital. Bruce has his own medical lab I’ve set up for him. It’s down that back hallway,” Steve said, nodding his head towards the living room.
“Stop calling me that!” Tony snapped, following after the blonde as they moved up the front walk.
Bucky stood in the door way, watching Tony as he set his laptop down carefully. “I’ll be happy to watch over the kid,” he smirked, voice still thick with sleep but the teasing tone was still distinguishable.
Howard nodded, straightening his tie and turning towards Steve. “Thank you, for getting my daughter to safety, I-“
“And what if he’s never found?”
Steve grabbed the offending hand easily and flipped him over his shoulder, watching him land with a groan. “Don't worry, I’d never hurt a princess,” he snickered, taking a step back.
"It looks like you’re drugging my baby brother," Clint snarled, fist slamming into his jaw again.
“Not only that,” Bucky countered, though he didn’t disagree. She was still a threat, until she proved she could be trusted. “I am also genuinely curious about where you came from. But if you want to be hostile and sit in silence for the next few weeks, we can do that too.”
“On the phone,” Toni clarified, taking a seat at her vanity table and sorting through her makeup. “Who were you talking to?”
The table sat thoughtfully in silence before both Clint and Bruce's heads snapped up. "His designs." Bruce answered quietly.
But despite her amazing business record, Steve wouldn’t pretend that he didn’t find her personality volatile. She was quick to anger underneath that calm and collected mask of hers, constantly preparing for a fight that would never come if she didn’t instigate it. Maybe it was more than seeking drama, however; Toni’s anger seemed to originate from an inability to trust. It would certainly explain why she fixated on Steve’s plan to use her to get to her father. And three years after than encounter, Steve was willing to admit that he screwed up. When he first met the girl, she had him charmed him- so much so that, in another life, Steve probably would have been sweet on her; he always did have a thing for witty brunettes. But not this life. He had seen too much of her anger, had allowed her to worm her way under his skin until he was no better than her. Toni had brought up his father today with the intention of striking a nerve and Steve was all too willing to return the favor.
Another chapter! I started this story with absolutely no plans at all, but I just got so many ideas over the weekend that it just started coming together and I had to get things down on paper. I was originally only going to have Toni flashbacks, but I figured you guys would like to see into Steve and Bucky's past too here and there. Anyhow, here you go!
“Ontario. Some government facility, I think. To work with a few other scientists on a possible cure.”
“The two geeks have been locked in that lab all day,” Bucky replied, biting into a slice of garlic bread.
Bucky reached forward, his large hand closing around her small shoulder. He gave her a quick shake, though it only served to wobble him more on his shaky legs. “
The man huffed at her bluntness, reaching towards her but the brunette took one step back and just out of his reach with a shit-eating grin. “There’s hardly anything for you to take. I’m low on supplies.”
Tony huffed softly as he programmed the software he was working on, a frustrated look crossing over his face. He loved the fact that he was finally building his own designs, but for the wrong person. If only he could get out a message to someone, get help for him and Bucky. He slammed down the circuit board in frustration, rubbing his face and sighing. “Tony, you have to relax," Bucky said softly as he walked over, holding out a pair of pliers Tony had asked for.
Toni ignored the two, instead focusing her attention on their whereabouts. Looked like an apartment by the locks on the door and the layout. They were in what must be the main room, half a kitchen and half a living room. The place looked like it had been ransacked, most likely by its owners leaving in a hurry or looters. Everyone was a looter nowadays. There were two doorways to her left. One had an open door, and Toni could clearly see it was a bathroom. The other door lead to what must be the bedroom. One look over her shoulder revealed a window to her back, though it was pitch black outside. Great. Turning her glare back on her two captors, Toni huffed. “So what,” Bucky asked, raising a brow at the girl. “You’re just going to pretend we aren’t here?”
She didn’t turn to see if Bucky followed her orders, instead raising the pistol in her hand and aiming it at Ty’s head. Her fiancé held his hands up slowly. “Antonia, put that down. I know this looks bad but it’s all for good reason. Let’s get Barnes back in here and I’ll explain everything.”
"Hey, hold on a second!" Tony snapped, noting the second Steve’s eyes darkened and wedged himself between the two. "First of all, Im a big boy, Clint. I can take care of myself. I don’t need you fighting my battles for me." Tony said. "Second of all, I like Steve, a lot. I’m sorry we didn’t run it by you first but it’s my life. Okay?"
Clint sighed, stepping into the room. “Forget about it. You probably just misplaced it. I told you, we aren’t leaving forever. You can go a few weeks without it, now come on.”
After a moment, Steve knocked on the door softly and was almost immediately met with a shuffling sound. Dragging footsteps approached the door, before there was a low snarl and a thump against the wood. Walker. Steve moved for the waiting room, snatching up one of the topple chairs and bringing it down the hall to prop under the doorknob. It was already locked and the thing obviously hadn’t managed to get out, but Steve was always one for caution. After that, he moved for the reception area again, opening the desk drawer and rooting around inside. The bottom left drawer produced what he was looking for: a small, emergency flashlight. With a twist of its end the light flickered on and Steve went back towards Bucky’s exam room. He opened the door slowly, peeking in on the two. “How are we looking?”
He was immediately met with a bullet ricocheting off the wall beside his head and he growled, aiming his rifle and taking down the three guards that had entered the narrow hallway. "I want that explosive set up in two minutes, Thor. That will give us one minute to get out to the car and go."
Steve hummed, sipping his mug of coffee as his eyes scanned over the paper. “There’s a plate of pancakes. Help yourself,” he hummed nonchalantly.
, and Steve was proving incapable of saving his best friend.
"Clint, shut that kid up before he gets away!" The short-haired blonde's voice hissed. "The last thing we need is for him to tell the cops!"
Natasha’s eyes narrowed the slightest bit. “For accusatory or apologetic purposes?”
"Now, now," The boss said, looking to Tony before patting the seat to the right of him. “Don’t be rude, Anthony. If it wasn’t for Loki, you and I wouldn’t have met," he said, as if Tony should be grateful for the fact. “Now have a seat, you must be starving."
“We aren’t children, Mr. Rogers,” Toni returned petulantly, crossing her arms now and keeping her eyes trained on an undistinguishable member of the crowd on the far side of the room. “I think we can handle an argument. But if it would make you feel better, I suppose we can discuss a mutual apology. To spare your feelings and all.”
“Gotta get your kicks somehow in a post-apocalyptic world,” Bucky shrugged easily, unfolding the board and passing the money to Steve to sort. “Come on, sit down. We can sort through all the supplies later. Let’s just…take a minute and enjoy ourselves.”
“I already have,” Bucky declared, finally looking away from the paper to level Steve with a grin.
Tony turned to give Steve a look, as if to size him up. "Yeah, I heard about you. The man who fights for the little guys. Big fucking deal," Tony snapped. "It still doesn't explain why
She paused in her lipstick application, meeting his eyes briefly in the mirror before continuing. “Somehow, I’m sure I’ll survive,” she taunted, dragging the red coloring over her lower lip as Ty’s arm snaked around her waist.
The first one on the right was an exam room and appeared empty, so Steve ushered his lover inside. There was a window on the far wall, and with a tug on the blinds, Steve had dull light streaming into the room. “Close the door. I’ll make sure the rest of the place is clear and see what I can find for medication or supplies,” Steve ordered, nodding once at the ‘be careful’ Bucky threw his way.
“I guess I do,” Toni huffed, trailing her fingers along the rim of the plate the cup was balanced on. “If it’s any consolation, he drives me just as insane.”
“We both know no one tells your father what to do,” Happy teased, tipping his head to her before turning back to the car. “But I can make sure he gets home safe!”
Toni’s hand was on the bathroom door, but she was paused rigidly, head cocked to the side to listen behind her. A beat of silence, and then the muffled sound happened again. Almost like a… cough?  Toni turned away from the bathroom and glanced down the hallway, moving back up the path she traveled. There were only four doorways: the kitchen, with a linen closet across the hall, and the bathroom, opposite of the wine cellar. Toni chose the closest one, glancing towards the opening of the sitting room hesitantly before she twisted the doorknob to the cellar.
Obadiah smiled widely. “A fine quality, although I don’t want my genius to be exhausted. Exhaustion can lead to mistakes, Anthony, and you know what mistakes lead to."
Tony groaned, setting the computer aside and standing with a huff, turning to give Clint a look. “I was almost done,” he complained, rubbing his face. “And Im twenty years old, stop calling me ‘kid’.”
“I know you, Rogers; you wouldn’t have seen either of us of your own free will. You’re
“Now I know you’re joking.”
Kudos and comments are always appreciated!
Clint paused again, trying to make something out.
“Thank Toni instead,” Bucky huffed. He hurt like hell, but Bucky couldn’t really bring himself to care because Steve was looking at him with that wide-eyed, painfully happy look and Bucky could only collapse forward into his friend, who was all too eager to wrap him up in a tight hug. “You couldn’t have possibly thought it was that easy to get rid of me, Stevie.”
Bucky sighed, huffing. “Fine, fine. I’ll go help birdbrain while you get to stay with the new kid,” Bucky complained, walking back to help Clint.
Justin gave Steve an apprehensive look, sighing. “There’s one more thing you should know. Stane purchased the abandoned factory on Thirty-first Street. When Tony finishes making the prototype of the weapon he wants, he’s shipping it off to the factory where it will be replicated and passed out to all his men before the invasion. If you want to truly stop Obadiah’s invasion plan, you have to take down that factory.”
Bruce walked over to Tony, offering him a hand. “Come on, Tony, I’ll go easy on you,” Bruce said, taking his hand and pulling him up.
Steve rounded the corner and stepped into the library, smoothing out his jacket as he examined the couple before him. Ty stood before the bookcase, skimming over the titles of Steve’s private collection. “Honestly, does he only read art books and war biographies? How boring,” Ty sniffed, glancing over his shoulder at where a slender brunette was settled on the couch.
Yes, she decided, she hated that man.
Bucky couldn’t help but agree. Taking the time to sort through what would fit in their packs or not wasted precious daylight. Better to grab everything and trim down later than having to spend multiple days looting just to work through a few stores. “We’ll start with the canned foods on aisle…” Bucky glanced to the green signs hanging over the beginning of each aisle of shelving. “…four.”
Steve made a face. “You’re an ass. Speaking of not seeing anyone all night, where have you run off to?”
“Sorry.” Steve stepped forward, setting the tray down on Bucky’s bedside table so he could eat when he was ready. “Ham and Swiss sandwich, chips, and a bottle of water.”
“Don’t make promises we can’t keep,” Bucky muttered, ignoring Steve’s pointed glare.
Bruce eagerly took the offer, the two excusing themselves from what was increasingly become a conversation to be had in private. Steve waited for them to go before he stepped back, carefully rolling down the sleeves of his button down dress shirt and turning for the door himself. He wanted to remove himself from the situation, before Bucky could retaliate and before tensions reached their breaking point. He just wanted his friend to recover safely- and a selfish part of the blonde just wanted to keep his friend out of harm’s way. He had dragged him into this lifestyle, and he would not allow him to get hurt again because of Steve’s inability to protect him. Bucky could be mad all he wanted today, but it was for the best and Steve knew he would have to see that sooner or later. Until that time, perhaps Steve would be better off working and allowing Natasha or Sam to bring Bucky his meals. Just until the brunet relaxed. Despite this retreat, however, Bucky’s words still caught him at the door. “Is that an order,
Steve moved past Bucky and back out into the store. “That doesn’t make it right. So let’s try and be better.”
"Bucky promised me the first shot," Tony whispered, dropping the gun in favor of wrapping his arms around Clint.
Steve rolled his eyes, lifting himself off of Tony. “Whatever floats your boat, Princess,” he mumbled, turning away and moving back for his punching bag.
“Good.” Bucky was quiet for a moment, chewing on his own pizza thoughtfully before he bumped his good shoulder against Toni. “I always thought Stone was a dick anyways.”
“No,” Ty grunted, jaw clenching as he poured two glasses of scotch. “Why can’t you just wait for us to get to the restaurant?”
“Come on, Antonia, you aren’t going to kill me,” Ty laughed bitterly, moving until he was only feet from Toni. “You can’t even stomach killing, so what makes you think I’d actually believe you’d shoot me?”
There, clear as day on the screen was Loki and Tony in the kitchen. As Tony was washing off the dishes, Loki was pouring two cups of coffee. Bruce had to zoom in to catch the powder than Loki slipped into a mug before handing it to Tony. Clint growled as he watched Tony crash to the floor and Loki move from the kitchen. Bruce followed his movements through the different cameras, watching as Loki let two large men in through the front door and led them into the kitchen.
Toni digested the story for a moment, before she hummed and finished off her drink. “He thought he lost
“Play nice,” Steve warned, and it was unclear exactly which one he was talking to. “Lead the way, Buck. I’ll take up the rear.”
"Of course, sir. Thank you," Tony whispered, watching as Obadiah left the lab, leaving Tony alone with Bucky. One day to help Bucky? Looks like another sleepless night.
“That wasn’t the intention,” Steve argued. “I mean, yes, I did approach you so that I could win your favor over my predicament and maybe you’d pass me along to your father. But when you stormed off, I was fully willing to give up. But your father approached me.”
Bucky nodded. “I know, we all are. Look, just go get some dinner and rest. I’ll handle the patrol tonight, okay?"
“No, I completely forgot to check my computer. Thanks for your help, Captain Obvious!” Tony snapped sarcastically and he shut his laptop.
Maybe it would be a quick death, like a bullet in the head. But Bucky wasn’t an optimist; most in this line of work, especially the ones into kidnappings, were sick fucks with violent streaks a mile wide. His captors made it clear they would kill him soon, but that didn’t mean it wasn’t going to be a slow death. And even if he didn’t die, it would be just as much torture to see Steve blame himself for Bucky’s disappearance as he was prone to doing. Steve’s guilt would weigh just as heavily on Bucky. All in all, it didn’t look like Bucky would win either way.
Her heels struck the lobby floor sharply as she made her way back towards Milstein Hall. She hoped she wasn’t too late; her father would throw a fit if he didn’t have the contracts to look over tonight once he got home. She was sure she spotted Steve near the bar before they left, so maybe he was still lurking about somewhere. Toni scanned the floor, but couldn’t spot either man among the waiters cleaning off the tables. A quick glance around the balcony floor proved fruitless as well. She’d have to bite the bullet and tell her father- blonde! Toni’s eyes caught a familiar figure partially hidden at the entrance of one of the closed-off hallways. She moved quickly towards the man, undeterred despite his stressed appearance. “Rogers?”
“Can you blame her? Not only did she have to call things off with her fiancé, but it was because he was spying on her under the instruction of her godfather. And torturing people on the side,” Natasha huffed. “But, whatever her friend is doing must be helping because she didn’t look pained to me. Exhausted, sure, but she was also calm, smiling a little.”
“No, sir,” Steve shook his head. “Ms. Stark did this entirely on her own. No help. She rescued Bucky all by herself, I just provided the safe place to stay.”
"Took him down with what? A car!" Tony cried, leaning over Bucky and biting his lip.
Natasha was quiet for a long moment, slowing to a stop at a red light and flicking on the turn signal. “Then we will cross that bridge if we come to it.” Because Natasha was never one to sugarcoat things, and Steve would normally appreciate that mentality if it didn’t piss him off so much in this instance. He didn’t want rational answers, he wanted blind reassurance. As if reading his mind, she finally amended her assessment with a “But there will be hell to pay if that does happen.”
“Because today’s fight crossed a line and I think you’re both tired of bickering,” Bucky commented, wrapping his arm around the back of his chair as he turned to face Steve. “Besides, she’s coming this way.”
Bucky snorted. “I haven’t taken anything since Bruce first patched me up two nights ago. He left me a few meds to help manage the pain, but I haven’t taken them today. I only really wanted them for if I went on patrol tonight, but that obviously isn’t happening.”
"Bucky didn't come home from patrol last night." Clint mumbled to the group as he set sandwich in front of everyone. Of course he would be the one to break the ice.
Clint opened his mouth to reply but Bucky cut him off. “What the Hell?" he gasped, pointing past them towards the house, where smoke was rising into the dark sky.
child
“Stuff. That’s the way I’m going,” Toni muttered.
Toni’s eyes flicked towards Steve as the blonde cleared his throat. If they were going to be forced together, Steve was going to make the most of it. Civil acquaintances was the goal, he reminded himself. “Ms. Stark, are you enjoying the benefit?” he began, looking out over the mingling crowd.
Moving on from the empty kitchen, Bucky trailed his way through the western wing of Steve’s house in hopes of finding the blonde in question. He expected to find Sharon settled at her desk, flipping through her calendar. What he did not expect was the round of shouting her heard from Steve’s office. His best friend’s voice was unmistakable, but it took Bucky a moment to place the feminine snarl hurling insults back in return. The moment he did, however, Bucky groaned and abandoned his coffee on the corner of Sharon’s desk. “How long has she been here?”
Clint huffed, the tension leaving his body as he leaned back into Bruce and nodded. “Alright. Just…don’t lie about it next time,” he said, eyes on Tony.
Tony snorted. “Please, I could’ve been on my computer or working with Bruce in the lab.”
Steve took the cloth, carefully wringing out any moisture left before he twisted it and pressed it between her teeth. “You’re going to be alright, Toni, Bucky’s going to fix this.”
“You know that’s not the Stark I was talking about,” Bucky shot back. “You two are going to kill each other one of these days. I know you both are incredibly stubborn, but if one of you managed to pull your head out of your ass and apologize, you’d save so many people so much grief.”
Clint nodded, loading a magazine into his pistol before placing a hand on Tony's shoulder and leading him to the exit. "Bucky, you good to shoot?"
Bucky was confused now. Who was this woman they were worried about? Who wanted a brawl between Steve and Stark?
“But,” Howard finally sighed, rubbing a hand over his face tiredly. “If it makes you feel better, Steve had I have our monthly meeting scheduled for tomorrow. I can check on his progress with his hunt then.”
“I don’t need a sign to know I’m a shitty person, thank you, I got that,” Toni mumbled softly. “Just trying to survive. I just want to survive,” she whispered, sadder, turning her head away so she didn’t have to see the look of pity on Steve’s face.
“You knew exactly what he was doing,” Bucky hummed, eyes on Steve as the blonde offered Howard a seat at their table. “You were just too afraid to hear it.”
Steve knew he was right.
“He’s a bad man. He’s tortured and killed plenty of men on his own; don’t you tell me he didn’t deserve what’s happened to him,” Ty argued, taking another step forward decisively. “You know me better than you know him, Toni.”
Kudos and comment are much appreciated as always!
Tony was now on hour twenty of no sleep and it was starting to show. He rubbed at his red eyes, downing a cup of coffee as he slowly began programming. He only had three more hours until lunchtime and Bucky still hadn't woken. Tony's first and only thought to help Bucky was to give him back an arm. Tony already had schematics for a glove like weapon on his flashdrive. All he had to do was change around some of the measurements. And add a few sensory patches to act like nerves.
Toni was tired, but her feet moved on autopilot away from the eastern wing and towards the business side of the mansion. She climbed the stairs and drifted down the hallway, pausing outside the door to Steve’s office for only a moment before pushing it open. She found the blonde at his desk, a drink of his own cradled in one hand while the other held a paper under his lamp for light. He glanced up when Toni entered, and she found he was more shocked than irritated by her presence. “Ms. Stark. Can I help you?”
“Cut away her t-shirt- no, stop blushing, now’s not the time- cut it so we have the extra cloth,” Bucky ordered, standing from her side. “Cut a strip of it and wet it in the stream. Keep her cool and calm while I get what I need.”
Tony narrowed his eyes for a moment, studying Steve before a grin slowly spread across his face. “No way. You’re jealous, aren’t you?” Tony hissed, leaning forward.
Bruce nodded and grabbed his medical bag with the others geared up. “Tony, you and Loki clean up the dishes while we’re gone.” Clint said, not waiting for an answer as he followed the others out of the door.
Tonight, her mind was on Barnes. Or, more accurately, what his disappearance means for the city. The woman was sure that her father had no part in the whole thing. If Howard was planning such a big move that might seriously affect business, such as turning against one of his closest partners, he would have told her. He would’ve wanted Toni to prepare cover stories for any political, financial, or violent trouble Steve might cause. So who would want Steve to turn on Howard? Because that had to be the end goal here, right? Someone had to have known that having the van left in Manhattan would make Steve suspicious of her father, so it had to be purposeful. Someone wanted a war, but why?
The guy’s eyes flashed dangerously as he cocked the gun. “What did you say?”
“Ms. Stark,
Steve rolled his eyes and pushed Tony in the direction of his house. “Go home before I have to save your ass twice.”
money. I’ve spent years dragging my father’s business out of the massive hole of debt he left it in. I didn’t do all this work just to lose everything,” Steve insisted, knocking back the entire glass of whiskey.
“Bucky, wait!”
Steve was settled at one of those many tables, fingers tracing the rim of his water glass while his blue eyes traced the underside of the whale.  However, this benefit did little to command Steve’s attention. His mind was on the discussion he had with Antonia Stark earlier that day- discussion was too civil of a word to put on it.
Bucky’s eyes flicked down, torn from his thoughts by Toni’s raspy voice. Some of the color had returned to her cheeks, and her blue eyes were no longer glazed over by pain. “I wanted you to get as much rest as possible. We have a big day ahead of us, sorting through supplies.”
“And if Howard doesn’t like hearing you doubt him? Didn’t his daughter warn you against that?” Natasha asked, raising a brow as Steve moved past her. “We agreed to wait until it’s been forty-eight hours. Is this our best choice?”
Howard nodded his approval of Toni’s assessment, though his eyes were still on the phone. “Antonia’s right. And I’m sure there’s an interesting story as to why someone would want Rogers’ second. However, that story doesn’t concern me.”
“Even if I was able to convince Howard to take me on as a partner, he’d have to actually agree to meet with me first. And his waitlist is… what? Two years out? I’d never be able to meet with him and strike a deal so last minute,” Steve muttered, waving his hand dismissively.
“He hates you.”
”Antonia!”
Steve quirked a brow in return, gaze darting across the room towards where Howard was flirting with a young, blonde donor. Of course, with a last name like Stark, Toni could probably have a free run anywhere in the city. “Alright, how does it feel to be able to
“Rogers, great to see you again. I was just telling Howard this morning how great our meeting went yesterday,” Ty assured, shaking Steve’s hand with almost too much vigor before releasing it in favor of wrapping the limb back around Toni’s waist. “I assured him we’d make wonderful partners in the future.”
“Toni Stark? Turning down a party? We went to school together, I know you better than that. A glass of wine and you’ll feel better,” Ty snorted, stepping out of the closet in a fresh navy suit and crossing towards the bathroom.
has amazing photos of the hall for anyone who would like a reference! A picture of Toni's dress at the event can be found
to drop off the new contracts for you to sign. I made the mistake of mentioning that I was traveling through this part of town, and my father thought I could afford to make a stop on the way for him. Kill two birds with one stone, and all that,” Toni muttered, fishing through her bag and producing an array of folders. “He said you would be expecting them.”
“I would love partake in a movie viewing!” Thor grinned, bounding off to the living room while Loki huffed softly. “I’ll be retiring early, tonight. I’ll see you all in the morning,” he said, making his exit.
Steve huffed and leaned down, brushing his lips against Tony's cheek before kissing him deeply again. "I'm going to hold you to that."
Steve hummed, looking to Natasha and giving a brief nod as the redhead disappeared from view. “Pack him up, Clint."
The change in his demeanor was, again, abrupt. His fingers, which had been tracing the words on the first page of the contract, paused, before clenching tightly in a fist. His jaw was working furiously as his teeth grit together, though his eyes had yet to leave the files before him. Toni honestly couldn’t tell if he was trying to calm down or trying to think of a comeback. Finally, he looked up to level his cold glare on Toni. “You do not have to be here for me to read these contracts, Ms. Stark. I may not have attended an expensive boarding school like you, but I still learned how to read on my own just like everyone else.” Ah, so it was a comeback.
Bucky huffed, finishing off his last bite before leaning back on his palms. “And you don’t care that you’re screwing people over?”
But the walker that had spooked her only moments before was now of no concern to Toni. The only thing the brunette could truly process was the sharp pain in her right arm, wedged between her stomach and the rock ground. Left hand shakily pressing into the stone, Toni tried to force herself up but to no avail; her elbow buckled and she landed back down hard on her injured arm. A pained sound escaped her lips, fresh tears trailing down her cheeks as she slammed her left hand into the ground in a vain attempt to compose herself and block out the excruciating discomfort. So this was how she’d die, huh? No blaze of glory, no fiery end, just lying at the bottom of a cliff with a dead hunter who couldn’t even eat her.
Tony turned his head away, leaning more against the counter. It was silent for a moment and Tony found himself speaking to fill it. “That movie sucks.”
Toni regarded him carefully, as if she was expecting a trap, like she was wondering how best to shield any weaknesses from Steve. “I think the things we said held some truth to them, but yes, social convention requires more… tact and politeness than we showed to each other.”
“Steve!”
Tony shrugged slowly and twiddled his thumbs, looking away. “I don’t know what to do. I don’t want to make him weapons but…if I don’t…" Tony trailed off, nodding towards the screen.
Steve glanced to the bar, spying Justin Hammer sliding onto a bar stool with two large guards on either side of him. “Alright, what’s your plan?"
“You’re out of shape,” Steve smirked, squirting the water into his mouth and watching as Tony rubbed at his still aching neck. “What did you do to your neck?” Steve asked, tossing Tony his water bottle.
Toni’s suspicions had already been confirmed just by finding Bucky locked in the cellar, but Ty put the final nail in the coffin. “He’s not going to come,” Toni warned lowly, finger sliding over the trigger. “And I’m leaving here with Barnes.”
"We need to get going. Steve's going to be here any minute to pick us up and we still have a mansion to fight our way out of," she said briskly.
“My sources tell me that Rogers is getting jumpy. He’s so blinded by panic and anger that he’s taking anything as evidence.” A leather shoe nudged Bucky’s bare foot, testing. The voice spoke slowly and languidly; it was another familiar voice, but harder to place. He hadn’t heard this one in quite some time. “He’s already suspicious of Stark, we just have to wait for him to make a move. Maybe force his hand a little. Then we’ll dump the body in Manhattan to put the final nail in the coffin.”
He disappeared back into the closet, and Toni blinked at the sudden topic change. “Fine. Would’ve been better if I hadn’t run into Rogers beforehand, but I survived.”
Steve was after him instantly, stumbling through the crispy leaves and the twisting roots in an effort to keep up with the brunet. When he finally caught up to the man, Steve only had a brief instant to reach out and fist his hand in Bucky’s flannel before the man could fall over the side of a cliff. It wasn’t too steep of a drop, maybe ten feet or so, but it would be enough to hurt. Bucky panted, stepping back from the edge and looking back to Steve in gratitude. “You could’ve hurt yourself, Bucky, don’t just go taking off like that.” Steve glanced around, finding that the edge of the cliff traveled some ways in both directions. “I don’t see her anywhere, Buck.”
“You’re right,” Bucky agreed, staring at the bottles on the shelves in front of him as he brought the glass to his lips. “I don’t want to hear that right now.”
“Someone had seen an SUV at the benefit last night, though it disappeared halfway through. Unmarked plates,” Steve continued on without acknowledging her question. “So my guy, Barton, went to a friend of his to track the SUV through security footage across the city. Turns out, it was last seen by an intersection traffic camera driving into Manhattan. He just found the car about an hour ago, abandoned on one of the streets in the center of your father’s territory.”
anything, did he?" Bucky frowned.
"Than what do we do?" Clint complained, watching as Loki gave him a smug look.
Steve huffed softly. "There's only two guys that can tell us at the moment. Loki and Tony. Loki isn't going to budge, the ass is too proud of himself," Steve mumbled.
until I got out and you weren’t waiting for me outside.”
“I want you to act like the leader we all know you are. Whoever took Bucky is trying to get a rise out of you, and you can’t let them see that it worked. You have to show them you’re still strong. Otherwise, people get ideas,” Natasha warned softly.
Almost a quarter of his Estate was now smoking and ruined from the bombs, and Steve was on the war path now, eyes blazed with a fire of blue rage as he stormed down into the basement and grabbed Loki’s shoulder, shoving a fist into his stomach. Loki let out a strangled cough, bruised and bloodied face slowly turning to look up to Steve. “You fucking gave Tony to Obadiah Stane? Are you fucking insane!" Steve snarled, pacing back and forth as if trying to figure out how to act.
Clint sighed and looked away, leaning against the door frame. “I just want Tony back, Bruce. Ever since…ever since our parents died, that kid has been all I’ve had. I love him to death and knowing that he’s out there with some…some fucked up mob boss that’s screwing with our heads…I’m scared for him…" Clint whispered and trailed off, taking a slow breath.
Tony gave an incoherent mumble, lifting his head and rubbing his eyes sleepily, looking up to Bruce. “Have I? I was working on one of my designs,” Tony shrugged, yawning and reaching for Bruce’s coffee, eager for a sip.
It’s the first thing Bucky registers when he finally stirs, eyes cracking open to find himself laying in his dark bedroom. Brow furrowed and still drowsy, Bucky lifted his head and stared down his body. He’s shirtless, the upper half of his torso lined with bandages that concentrated around his left shoulder, the arm of which is propped into a sling. He tests the wound once with a twitch of the muscles in his arm and is immediately met with a twinge of pain. However, it’s a lot better than the pain he had felt in that cellar and on the ride home – couple that with the fact that he could now see out of both eyes, and Bucky counted it as a win. Craning his head towards his bedside table to peer at the alarm clock, he groaned.
Donovan hummed, eyes roaming over Tony’s face. “My boss want’s to know why you’re under The Captain’s protection. What exactly are doing for him?”
"Thank you, sir," Tony said, giving Bucky a look and Bucky huffed, slowly relaxing. “I’m ready to get back to work on your weapons."
“Or, I may just meet some pretty amazing people who could turn out to be worth the trouble,” Steve murmured softly, before grinning. “Besides, I don’t steal from others and look, I haven’t broken my arm yet.”
Bucky had mention something about what she deserved when she had broken her arm, had felt that it was a fitting punishment for how she treated them. Toni didn’t believe in such silly notions as
“Just eat.”
Loki sighed slowly, eyes narrowing. “Stane sent his men to break into Tony’s house, to figure out why Rogers would have protection over him. They found Tony’s flashdrive and Stane saw his weapons designs, decided he wanted Tony." Loki paused to cough, leaning back in his seat. “As far as Stane would tell me, he’s planning an invasion. He hasn’t forgiven Steve for taking part of his territory years ago. He’s planning to take it back, along with the rest of the city. He thinks Tony’s weapons can help him do that."
“Huh?” Ty asked from the walk-in closet, sorting through the jackets he had lined up along one side.
Fun fact: that flashback at the beginning was the very first thing I ever wrote while developing this story. I had no plans of using it, but I figured it really kinda fit for this chapter, so why not?
“It isn’t that easy, Bucky. I dont want him knowing about all the shit I do,” Clint huffed and crossed his arms. “The kid is a magnet for trouble. He doesn’t need
Toni paused, turning back to find him face her now, gripping at the back of his chair. He seemed to be contemplating something, struggling to form the words. She was about to dismiss it, to turn and continue on her way when he finally forced his words out. “I never thanked you, for saving my best friend. You didn’t have to do but you did and I…” Steve looked down, taking up his whiskey glass to avoid meeting her eyes. “It means the world to me to have him safe, so… thank you.”
“Tony, please just listen to me,” Steve insisted, walking over and placing his hands on Tony’s shoulders. “I love you more than anything in this world, and I wouldn’t trade what we have for anything, even if it was another chance with Peggy. Im sorry I forgot your birthday and I promise it’ll never happen again.”
Tony slowly moved down the hallway, laptop in hand as he moved to the door at the end, pushing it open slowly. His eyes widened as he looked around the lab, giving a low whistle as he stepped in. “Wow, Rogers really takes care of his people,” Tony commented. “It’s like Candyland in here.”
"Come on, big guy, lets go," Steve said, helping Thor standing but the moment Thor but weight on his wounded leg he fell to his knees again, hissing.
Tony sat on the floor against the door, tears streaming down his cheeks as he looked to his bed with distant eyes. “Tony, please let me in,” Steve whimpered from the hallway on the other side of the door.
“A flashdrive? That’s the only thing you have to offer me?” The boss’s voices was calm but the anger was unmistakable.
Steve grunted, rubbing his face. “I knew Stane hadn’t gotten over that. I thought we had that settled." Steve huffed before narrowing his eyes. “Why does Stane want Bucky?"
"You needed an assistant, so I got one you'd be comfortable with." Obadiah grinned, walking over and wrapping an arm around Tony's shoulders. "Took him down last night while he was doing on of Rogers' pathetic patrols."
Tony was cut off as Bucky yanked him into a brief, thankful kiss. “You built me a whole new arm? Nobody told me what a genius you were!" Bucky exclaimed. “I…I was expecting having to live without one but…but you gave me back what I lost. Thanks, kid," Bucky huffed and tugged him into a tight hug.
Steve stood tall, holding the bag up. “Big words to the guy who just saved your ass, kid,” Steve smirked. “You make a horrible damsel in distress.”
time ," Steve huffed. “I thought you had an actual arrangement cooking, Clint."
The office door slid open, and Toni’s head snapped up as Ty shuffled tiredly into the room. He was rubbing his eyes, though he had been awake enough to pull on his boxers when he left the bedroom. “Toni, it’s four in the fucking morning.”
Tony and Bucky turned to see Obadiah leaning nonchalantly against the wall of the lab, twirling the computer power cord in his hand. Tony swallowed, straightening and standing. “It isn’t what it looks like."
Toni twisted her long locks up into a bun to squeeze out the excess water before she stepped out of the shower and into the steam-filled bathroom. This worst part about the fight this afternoon was that Toni knew she was to blame too; some of things she had spat at Steve had been just as harsh. Teasing at his relationship with his father, watching the way Steve’s eyes flashed with pain, and then pushing further. God, no wonder Bucky was sick of listening to them. Toni wrapped one of the fluffy, white towels around her body, tying it off under one arm before she took a second towel to wrap up her hair. Maybe she could act…somewhat apologetic at the benefit tonight. She’d never downright apologize, but she could at least not go for his throat the second they meet. If they even really run into each other at all; if she’s lucky, Barnes will pass on the files himself.
Kudos and comments are always appreciated!
coffee? He bit Clint’s hand the last time Clint had dared even a sip from the same mug. Clint slowly crossed his arms as the brunette passed his mug over to Steve. He was quiet for a moment before his glare fully set on Steve. “So when were you going to tell me you slept with my little brother?”
“Which is why I made you eggs,” Clint said, placing a plate beside Tony’s head.
“Bucky is looking better. More color in his face and his shoulder still looks alright. Bruce will be back tomorrow to clean the wound again,” Natasha started, taking her plate to the kitchen table and setting down. “Ms. Stark looked… worse than the last time I saw her. Tired.”
Clint rolled his eyes, grabbing the coffee cup and padding into the kitchen, placing it in the sink. “You’re younger than me, so Im allowed to call you ‘kid’. And even if you were almost done, we both know you would’ve kept going,” Clint huffed as he moved back to Tony. “Honestly, you spend hours every night on that damn laptop doing nothing.”
that Stane had been planning this kidnapping as the great catalyst of his coup. That still didn’t make Steve feel better. Steve pushed off the dressed and walked to the foot of the bed, arms crossed and jaw set. “I’m still going to do better from now on. Perhaps review our security measures and our check-in routines among the patrols and staff.”
“Some unexpected guests decided to pay a visit to Tony. We’re relocating him here to keep an eye over him,” Steve replied, moving up the stairs to one of the empty guest bedroom at the end of the hall, across from Steve’s master bedroom. He pushed open the door, setting Tony’s things down onto the large bed.
“I’m going to get something to drink,” Tony excused himself quietly, stumbling over Clint and Bucky’s limp limbs that hung over the edge of the couch as he moved to the kitchen. Tony sighed softly as he opened the fridge, grabbing a water bottle and leaning against the counter as he took a slow sip. He couldn’t go back out there; the only thing Tony could focus on was Steve’s every movement, and it made him tense and aware.
If Toni was forced to compliment Steve Rogers in any way, she supposed she would show some form of appreciation for his house. His grand New York estate wasn’t as big as Stark Mansion, of course, but maybe that was a part of the appeal for Toni. The blonde had purchased the home a year after partnering with her father, taking his newfound profit and investing it in a building that could serve as both a home and a base for business. The eastern wing of the house served as living quarters for the blonde, complete with one master bedroom and five guest rooms; Toni was willing to bet that one of those rooms was permanently claimed by Barnes. The western wing had been renovated to incorporate a large office with a library down the hall, a personal gym that accommodated a steady flow of Steve’s most trusted lackeys, and a large garage that sported four expensive, custom cars that were no doubt retrofitted with some form of bullet proofing. A fully furnished kitchen, dining room, and lounge were housed between the two wings. Even the grounds surrounding the brick-faced building were divided perfectly. A large deck ran along the back of the home, leading to a swimming pool on the left and wild, sprawling gardens on the right.
The mugger stood quietly before his boss, eyes down on the marble floor. The room was filled with a quiet hum, a calm yet chilling voice speaking up.
Natasha’s lips quirked the slightest bit. “Then there will be hell to pay.”
Tony growled in frustration and stormed off, moving down the street to his house and moving up the steps to his front door. He paused, fumbling with his keys to unlock the door and glanced back, finding Steve gone. He huffed softly and turned away, unlocking the door and stepping in. “Fucking mob bosses,” he mumbled, slamming the door behind him.
He’s been out for a day- at least what he hopes was a day- which meant there would be mounds of work for him to catch up on later in the morning. Not to mention Steve’s probable nagging over him while he heals. He had hardly been able to fend off the blonde’s worried ranting when he was carrying Bucky to his bedroom; he could only imagine what Steve has bottled up over the time he’s been out. He loved his friend for it, but coddling was the last thing Bucky wanted right now. For the time being, there was a more pressing issue.
Steve rolled his eyes, swatting at Bucky’s head. “That’s fine to like him. But I don’t wanna find you humping the kid, Barnes, you know Clint will kill you. I know how you get,” Steve teased, standing and brushing himself off, folding the paper back up. “I have paperwork to do; make sure no one disturbs me,” he said, the commanding tone in his voice letting them know he meant business. “Gentlemen, Princess,” he excused himself, leaving.
By the time Toni glanced back at the blonde, he had already regained some of his composure. “You don’t have an appointment, Ms. Stark,” Steve hissed through gritted teeth.
Bucky paused, straightening back out and turning to look her over. She’s decisively avoiding his gaze, instead focusing on scrapping her fork about in the can in her lap. “New York City, huh? That’s where Steve and I are from. Brooklyn.”
Comments and kudos are cherished! I'm responding to last chapter's comments now!
He wanted a fight but Toni didn’t take the bait. She wasn’t interested in trading petty insults, she wanted Steve to understand. Needed him to. Because while she could agree that her father was the only one Steve dealt with that could have the reason and ability to take Barnes, she just couldn’t see her father doing that. Not to the man he considered a son. Toni calmly approached the desk, pressing her hands to the edge as she leaned in towards him. “This is more than “blind faith.” This is a warning, not from Howard, but from the girl who has spent her life watching him do business,” Toni’s voice took on a quiet whisper, harsh and quick as if she was afraid of listening ears. She was. “If Howard even catches a whiff that you’re doubting him, he will drop you and tear you to pieces like you meant nothing to him. Do not go making accusations about him to anyone until you are absolutely sure.”
Steve and the group's problems only escalate while Obadiah finds that Tony may need an assistant.
Bucky woke with a soft groan, whole body aching with the effort to even breath. Last he remembered, he was waking briefly after a painful surgery only to find that his left arm had been amputated. Part of him hoped it was a dream, although he knew better. Honestly, he felt lucky that the arm was the only thing he lost considering how close that grenade had been. The question was, where the hell was he?
Bucky scoffed, shaking his head and settling back into the straw. “We are not following your lead without knowing what you’re heading towards. I’m gonna need a lot more than ‘stuff’.”
Tony swallowed, gingerly folding the letter back up and placing it neatly on the bed. Tears were filling his eyes for what felt like the millionth time that week as he moved to the door. He wanted to find Steve, to find him and talk to him. Tony pulled the door open to find Steve, leaning against the wall across from his door. His head popped up as Tony stepped out, eyes distraught and hopeful.
Steve straightened out, giving Tony a soft look. “Listen, I know you’re just a little bit freaked out by what happened, but-“
"A grenade," Obadiah grinned proudly and Tony felt like he wanted to throw up.
Obadiah shook his head, fisting his fingers tighter in Tony’s hair as the genius jerked under him, water splashing over the tub in Tony’s frenzy for air. Obadiah pulled him up sharply, growled loudly. “What else! There was more, wasn’t there!”
I know, I know, I know. It's been a while. In my defense, I had the hardest time finding the motivation to write this chapter. And I don't know why! I had it all planned out and ready, it was just a matter of putting ideas to words. Anyways, here's the new chapter, slightly longer than usual as a thank you to all those who have been waiting patiently!
Steve grunted, shrugging away his shirt and tossing it on the bed. “Haven’t quite decided. A mixture of both, I suppose. I’ll apologize for missing the meeting and feel out his responses. That’s about as much as I can do until I get more evidence. But I will make my suspicions clear.”
Steve huffed, following the brunet down the stairs and out into the abandoned intersection. He kept close to the man, eyes darting around to check for any sort of danger while Bucky led them past the storefronts and towards the surrounding forest. “I say we keep heading north like we planned. We at least know from the map in the last town that there’s a community ten miles up. It’s our closest chance at looting.”
Steve stood slowly, hands raised in surrender. “Listen, I really meant to talk to you about it first, but I was so caught up on having Tony back that…well, things happened.”
He was willing to admit that he shouldn’t have belittled the woman earlier. She was more than just a child trying to please her father, though Steve certainly knew that was a part of it. In truth, the reason why Howard Stark is able to command so much business and power in New York is because his daughter does such a seamless job covering his tracks both to the public and to the government. She oversaw a billion-dollar company that is a forefront in innovation. The Stark charities, originally coordinated by her late mother, were recognized by the public for their local and global outreach. Antonia was more than just a daddy’s girl, and she’s proven it.
“As long as I have you back, it’s worth it,” Steve whispered, pressing his face into Tony’s hair. “I mean it. I love you.”
Bucky snorted from his seat. “That’s his natural voice. Thor is foreign and loud.”
"Great. And with your new assistant, I hope your work will be done fast." Obadiah smiled. “I’ll have lunch sent in." He smiled, moving towards the door. “I expect great things from you two!"
A throat cleared and Toni’s shoulders tensed, the only visible sign that she had been startled by the intrusion. She abandoned her view to turn inward towards her new room. It was one of the many guest rooms that populated the eastern wing of Rogers’ estate, not large enough to be a suite but certainly roomy. Her visitor stood beside the door, the same redhead that had brought her tea earlier that evening. “Ms. Romanov,” Toni greeted, stepping away from the balcony door and crossing the room.
(See the end of the chapter for
Clint nearly dropped his spatula, turning to give Tony a look. Since with did his brother
Steve smiled, a small, loving and bashful little thing. Neither of them needed to specify to who. “Yeah. Not legally or anything, but we’ve been together long before this outbreak. Known each other since we were kids. A year ago, we decided it was official enough to us and I don’t think there’s anyone I’d rather go through this hell with.”
Clint stood against the stone wall that surrounded Stane’s estate, checking over himself to make sure he was ready. One knife strapped to each calf, while two pistols remained concealed at his hips. A grenade was settled into the front pocket of his bulletproof vest while his bow remained carefully strapped to his shoulder, four arrows awaiting use.
are you here?”
alright?
"Got it. Let’s go," Clint said as he unsheathed one of his pistols and moved through the door.
Loki made a face. “He took Barnes? As far as I was told, Obadiah only had interest in taking Tony. If I had known he wanted Bucky, I would’ve been more than glad to take out Barnes too for double the pri-" He was cut off by a fist to his jaw, looking up and glaring at Steve.
A struggled breath escaped Obadiah as he rolled onto his back, but a shot from Bucky's handgun quickly silenced it. "That I did," the brunette laughed.
“And you found him…?”
lead that makes sense at the moment. I’ve made a name for myself, but I don’t have any current competition concerned with taking me out or hurting me. Howard is the only one I do consistent business with,” Steve hissed. “Your father knows my routines and my people better than anyone outside of my group. He knows the ins and outs of my business, and maybe he decided I wasn’t convenient to him anymore. Or maybe this is his sick version of a test.
“Hurts, but not as bad as before. Manageable.”
Obadiah smiled and clapped Tony's shoulder, humming. "I took the liberty of bring you your lunch and your new assistant. I think you'll be quite pleased to see who it is." Obadiah snapped his fingers and suddenly, Justin came in, carrying a limp and unconscious Bucky in his arms.
“Jesus, can you stop brooding over there? I can practically feel your guilt from here,” Bucky snipped, and Steve finally met the man’s gaze. “You can’t blame yourself.”
Apart from Barnes, Toni didn’t remember ever meeting any other of Steve’s crew. She supposed that was purposeful. “Toni Stark,” she finally supplied, taking the cup into her hands carefully.
"Bucky, did you take all of the coffee?" Steve complained, turning to shoot his friend a look.
“In my godfather’s wine cellar. My fi- Tiberius had been acting strange these past few days and I had set something up between him, Obadiah, and I in order to work out what they were doing,” Toni set the rapidly cooling tea aside, untouched. “I heard Bucky in the wine cellar and I got him out. But they saw. By now, I’m sure Obadiah is up to speed on what happened and planning. But my father wasn’t-“
"My…my neck?" Tony stammered under the cool gaze, looking up. “I just fell asleep in the lab. I can get a bit dedicated to my work."
“Not too shabby. I think we’ll make the night,” Bucky joked, stopping before the pile of hay outside one of the stalls. “Here we go,” he declared, laying Toni down gently into the straw before he grabbed the tin bucket beneath the workbench. “Anything of use around here that we can take?”
His mouth tasted like copper. Red stained a good portion of his skin and clothes, dribbling from his mouth every time he tilted his head too far down. At least the lackey had been kind enough to replace the suffocating cloth sack around his head once he was finished with him last night. Bucky would have to remember to thank him the next time he saw him. Despite all of the fresh cuts and bruises, the bullet wound was still the most painful by far. The bullet was still in him, grating further into his flesh every time he moved. It would probably get infected soon, if it wasn’t already. Not that it truly matter, because one of two things was going to happen: either Steve would rescue him or these assholes would kill him.
one, you were just too afraid of admitting it to his face. Too afraid to apologize yourself.”
“Steve informed me that you two were acquaintances,” Howard waved his hand dismissively at first. Toni’s eyes snapped up to meet Steve’s, and she spotted a flicker of worry flash in his eyes. So the man had lied? Now
Of course Tony knew. Explosions; the very thought made him sick to the stomach. Tony nodded and had to set down his fork, sipping his coffee and hoping to setting the churning feeling in his stomach. “I do," Tony murmured quietly, looking down.
Tony closed his eyes, trying hard to stop tears. When he regained his composure, he opened his eyes, looking to Steve tiredly. “Haven’t you already done enough?”
Tony nodded, although he wasn’t to partial to the way Loki was narrowing his eyes on him. “We were just finishing up dinner and going to have a movie night. You two joining us?” Clint asked, standing and taking his and Tony’s plate to the sink.
Clint growled and punched Loki again, satisfied with the split lip he created, although his anger was still raging. “Who’s your boss?"
Clint looked up as they entered the kitchen, frowning as Tony rubbed his neck and slumped into a chair. “What happened to you?” Clint asked, setting a bowl of cereal in front of Tony.
Steve took in a deep breath, closing his eyes and huffing. "You know this wont be the first time this happens if you stay here. People will always be hunting you, genius or not."
The dining room was large, decorated with the finest art and furniture New York had to offer. In the center of the white marble floor sat a large, mahogany dining table where the boss was currently dining. The room was filled with silence, just how the boss liked it, until Justin Hammer strode into the room, a file in hand. He set the file beside the dining man, clearing his throat. “And what is this?” The boss asked, sitting back into his chair and regarding the file with a look as if it were offending him.
Clint shrugged him off, turning to glare at him. “He shouldn’t have been taken in the first place. This was the exact type of thing I was trying to protect him from!"
Howard raised a hand to stop her, eyes hard. “Antonia, you will be a target in this. You’re my sole family and Obadiah will not hesitate to use you. He already has; do you think Tiberius being a part of this conspiracy was coincidence? He was planted in your life to keep an eye on you. That is how we must treat it.”
Steve finally turned to face her. There was a flash of sympathy mingled with worry in her eyes, and Steve was reminded that Bucky was her friend too. In fact, Bucky had been the one to bring the woman to Steve, to save her from a life of dancing at the local club, working information out of customers to trade to high-paying clients. And despite her attachment to the brunet, she was keeping a cool head. Steve had to learn by example. “You’re right. It’s only been a day. I can’t start jumping to conclusions.”
to happen, probably isn’t what’s going to happen,” the brunette pointed out, packing his bag back up a hoisting it around her shoulder. “Don’t worry, the trap is set on a timer. It’ll release in twenty minutes, by which point I’ll be long gone.”
“I received some training when I was in the service,” Bucky nodded. “I can’t promise it’ll be perfect, but it’ll at least heal. That’s the best you’ll get out here.”
“No, you shouldn’t have.” No ‘thank you’, no admittance that Toni had been right. Christ, the prospect of having to do either must just be driving the blonde insane. “For now, it’s over. You have Barnes and we now know who’s orchestrating all the trouble.”
“If I don’t kill him first,” Steve muttered, combing a hand through his blond locks to smooth them back before he turned back towards Bucky. “I’ll handle them. Go one ahead and start checking the shipments at the warehouse. I have a feeling the manager has been taking a little off the top to sell himself.”
(One week earlier)
“Today?” Ty said incredulously, pinching the bridge of his nose and taking a breath. “That’s a bit short notice, don’t you think?”
?” he groaned. “Shit.”
Clint didn’t need to be told twice as he lifted himself onto the wall, sliding his bow off his arm and inserting an arrow. “Switching to thermal. Watch my six,” he murmured, looking down the wall to his left and peering through his scope.
“No, you listen,” Tony snapped, shrugging away from Steve’s hand. “Im not as fragile as you think everyone in the city is. I can handle myself and I dont need your sympathy or whatever the fuck you’re trying to offer here. Now get the fuck out!”
,” Toni muttered, but wasted no time lifting a forkful of processed beans and meat to her lips.
Steve’s fingers tightened on the doorknob before he huffed and closed the lab door, following slowly. Yeah, he was really hating that feeling in his gut.
Over the next few days after the incident, Tony refused to talk to Clint. Which was fine by Clint because it made it easier to avoid his little brother. He knew Tony would need time to take in the information and adjust to what has happened, and if that meant a few days of silence from Tony, Clint was fine with it. Besides, Tony couldn’t stay quiet forever; he’d find something to talk Clint’s ear off about sooner or later. On the bright side, Clint no longer had to sneak out at night to go to work.
“Well it’s a good thing nobody did ask,” Loki huffed, giving Bucky a look before flashing his eyes to Tony. “Pleasure to meet you, Tony.”
“There’s going to be hell to pay no matter what the outcome is. He’s my best friend and my most trusted advisor. I wouldn’t even be in this business if it wasn’t for his help,” Steve growled out, watching the red light turn green.
Toni raised a brow, taking in Steve’s bored expression before lifting herself up and moving to the bar to return her emptied glass. “Do you really care? I have a feeling your RSVP card will have a big, red ‘X’ for “no” on it.”
"We’ll strike tomorrow at eight." Steve’s voice cut through the conversations like a knife as he strode into the basement, blue eyes ablaze with fury.
"Maybe I’ll bring in an assistant to help you," Obadiah thought out loud and Tony’s gaze immediately snapped to him. “Of course it would just have to be more like a lackey. Wouldn’t want anyone trying to challenge you genius and stunt your progress."
Kudos and comments are very much appreciated!
“Why are you here?” Tony asked, his voice sounding worn and wary. Tony never did have a problem with getting straight to the point.
At the last second, Tony dodged the punch from Steve, ducking down and throwing a fist into his lower abdomen. “Like that?” he asked, leaning back and watching Steve stumble backwards.
Steve cleared his throat, taking his own step away. “No problem,” he mumbled, looking down.
“Because you wanted to take over your father’s business and that entails duties other than signing contracts and brooding by windows,” Bucky chirped, grinning at Steve before he knocked back a long sip of scotch. “Your partnership with Howard is one of the few reasons you’re even still in power, so I think you can handle entertaining his child for fifteen minutes.” Bucky placed the emptied glass in the bar sink. “And that’s all it’ll be: fifteen minutes. I think you can survive that.”
was one of his limits. But Rogers made her so… angry. Angry enough that she wanted to lash out, to hurt him in the same way she was sure he felt. It was toxic. And to think her father though she’d like that, the challenge Steve posed for her. So much so that Toni still remembered her blunt laughter when her father suggested Steve as a potential date for her, all those years ago.
Maybe they’d land in Ontario to a similar, overrun airfield and die.
Loki smirked and tucked the money away, nodding to the boss before exiting. “Why am I here?" Tony wasted no time in asking, slowly sipping the orange juice before him.
“Steve is anything but memorable,” Toni agreed, meeting the blonde’s eyes in challenge.
After a moment, the boss closed the file, tossing it aside and growling. “All of this is useless! None of this information gives me any indication as to what this boy’s relation to Rogers is.”
“I didn’t mean it, Mr. Rogers, sir. I swear! A couple of the boxes came loose and I didn’t want the product going to waste.”
“Because I know nothing is going to come from me running out into the thick of it, guns blazing with no plan,” Toni hissed, tone taking on a conspiring note. “We’re talking about two men who have spent years executing their plans. Do you think they would let us retaliate so easy, or at the very least not have a backup plan to deal with us?”
He glanced over to the television screen, looking on as Clint made a lunch of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. Everyone was seated at the table watching him, but no one talked. Tony shifted a bit a sighed, closing his eyes slowly. What he would give to be back in the Estate, annoying Clint, helping Bruce in the lab, spending time with Steve, being wrapped in Steve's arms-
The boss hummed, giving Justin a nod before returning to the file. “Twenty years old.” The boss commented, flipping a paper over. “He seems to have a few health issues regarding his heart. High grades in high school. Unemployed at the moment.”
Tony grinned and turned to reply but Steve was quick, using an ankle pick to toss Tony onto his back before straddling his waist. “You should really pay attention,” he huffed, crossing his arms and making no move to get up.
"Because you’re too recognizable. Everyone knows what the Captain looks like, be it for admiration or fear. And anyways, we’re in enemy territory," Clint teased before his eyes narrowed and he was tensing. “There he is."
that Bruce had his eyes on someone else.
“How can I? Do you know how ridiculous-“
Steve snorted, giving Bucky a look. “I don’t have to tell you anything. Just because you aren’t getting any doesn’t mean you can live off the details of my sex life.”
“Did you work your contacts at the old club? Did anyone hear about Bucky?” Steve scowled, pointedly ignoring her requests.
“But not married,” Bucky argued. “So at least you found out before you were even more invested than you are now. Not that you and Ty ever seemed like…soulmates. No offense.”
Natasha raised, her hands, leaning into the table and starting back on her pizza. “Just don’t wait too long, Rogers. I think I’d be the happiest person on Earth if I never heard you two argue again.”
“Manhattan.”
Steve jabbed the power switch on the blender, the green whirlpool stilling into a tranquil lake. He poured the contents of his smoothie into a glass, taking a sip just as the doorbell rang. That, in itself, was an odd event. With the guards out front, very few people were allowed the ability to reach his front door, save for the occasional Girl Scout or neighbor. Friends and employees typically walked straight in, and business partners had scheduled meetings. Steve set his drink aside and drifted from the kitchen into the foyer, eyes flicking towards the bench beside the coat closet that housed a pistol beneath its cushion. Tugging open the mahogany door, Steve found a man carefully folding his jacket over his arm. There was a suspicious bag at his feet. The visitor glanced up, offering Steve a tight smile that seemed more out of curtesy than sincerity. Steve got the vague feeling he was meeting someone that wasn’t his biggest fan. “May I help you?”
“Maybe not directly, but I am going to take all of her shit and see how she likes it,” Bucky muttered, leading the way out of the apartment. “And you certainly aren’t convincing her to join us; I know you. I’m not giving her the chance to screw us over again.”
At the entrance to the sitting room, Toni’s breathing grew shallow, her hand fisted in Bucky’s dress shirt only gripping tighter. After a moment of steeling herself, she looked around the corner. Ty was standing at the bar, finishing off one glass before moving to take up the second one he had presumably poured for Toni. His back wasn’t completely facing them, enough so that one look to his left would expose their escape. But his eyes were on his phone, so maybe this could just work. Toni looked to Bucky and gave a nod, stepping them forward quietly. Her breath was caught in her throat, the silence blaring in her ears as she tried to pull Bucky closer towards the front door. He was holding his bullet wound with his free hand, blood staining his fingers the more he jostled the bullet with every step. But his eyes remained locked forward and his face was neutral, if not slightly determined. His resilience after being so terribly injured and tortured was almost frightening. While Toni had only ever seen Bucky’s sarcastic, flirty charm, she could see why he was deemed one of the most brutal killers in the business. Why Steve had him as a top enforcer.
Fists clenching, Steve sat forward and propped his elbows on his desk, fingers carding through his blonde locks. He need to think, to find a motive. Could Stark really be behind this? Yes, the SUV was found in his territory, but Toni did have a point: it could be coincidence. Logically, Steve knew he had no concrete evidence against Howard. But part of him was itching for someone to blame, to scour and tear apart any and every lead that might bring his friend home. Howard had the means, but did he have a motive? Toni warned him not to take on Howard unless he was sure, but what if that was what Howard was expecting? What if he wanted Steve to hesitate so he could hit him even harder? It would be like Howard to be four steps ahead of any opponent.
“And now you’re back in the game. What’s your plan for the day?” Natasha asked as Steve unbuttoned his dress shirt.
Bucky’s head snapped up when the lab door opened and Tony was shoved in, the soaking wet boy landing on the cool lab floor with a grunt of pain. “Tony!” Bucky cried, rushing to the genius and kneeling by his side.
Steve nodded, gripping the back of his chair and drumming his fingers against the wooden support. “I feel we should talk about…what happened earlier today. Some things were said that I think we both didn’t mean.”
"Steven, you must go," Thor hissed, trying to aid Steve's struggle by moving on his good leg. "The bomb-"
Tony huffed, rubbing the back of his head and standing up. “I’ll be more than glad to stop talking to you,” Tony snapped, holding out a hand. “Now give me the bag so I can get the Hell away from you.”
His voice was raw and raspy, throat sore from extensive sobs that had burned his throat. His eyes were red and puffy from the salty tears that have streamed down his cheeks. Sniffling, he slowly sat up, stiff joints popping as he slip to the end of the bed. He had to get up. Sure, he was upset and angry, but he had to show everyone that it that more than a heartbreak to hold Tony Stark down. But it was Steve who broke his heart.
What she had with Ty wasn’t true love- Toni wasn’t naïve enough for such sentimentality. But they
Bucky was suddenly choking on his coffee, eyes wide as he glanced up to Clint. “That was hell of a subject change,” he sputtered as Steve slowly looked up to Clint.
Did you guys notice I added Happy and Pepper to the story tags before reading this chapter? ;)
Obadiah huffed, slowly pacing around Bucky and humming. "I guess he isn't of very much use to you now," he hummed, pulling out his pistol and pressing it to Bucky's temple. "I should probably just dispose of him."
“The Captain said to tell you that if he finds one more of your men on his turf, he’s ending all trades and coming for you.” The mugger said quietly.
"N-n-nothing!" Tony choked out, shaking as he looked up to meet Obadiah’s gaze with tear filled eyes.
Tony coughed, still in shock over the kiss as he squirmed against Bucky. “It’s…no problem, Buck. You’re…squishing….me," Tony managed out, sucking in a deep breath when Bucky let him go. “I didn’t realize how strong that arm was," Tony huffed, smirking slightly. “Anyways, it was the least I could do. It’s my fault your here."
Tony huffed, giving the room one last look over before shrugging and moving out to the car, sliding into the backseat and setting his laptop aside. He watched Steve slide into the driver’s seat while Clint moved into the passenger side before slumping in his seat. “Seat belt?” Steve questioned, looking back to give Tony a smug smirk.
"Talk, Hammer. Steve wants answers so you’ll give them to him. There are plenty more bones of yours for me to break if you need an incentive." Clint snarled in Hammer’s ear, eyes narrowed.
“Whatever you have to do. Keeping her out of the way is crucial for our plans. You’ve done a great job working your way in, now you just have to play the good fiancé through this mess.”
Steve sighed and rubbed his face. “Fine, fine. One night off.” He huffed and gave Tony a look across the table, studying the kid’s thoughtful face. What was he so lost on?
Tony sat quietly at the table as they ate dinner, listening to Bucky and Clint argue over something they saw on TV while Bruce and Steve talked politics. For a moment, it was as if they were all one family. Tony smiled slightly, bringing a forkful of ravioli to his mouth as his eyes fell on Steve. Watching those pink, full lips talk with such vigor while his blue eyes sparked with passion, as if to sell Bruce on what he was preaching by a simple look.
The town- if it could even be called that; more like a small group of buildings that converged on the intersection of two small roads- was empty. The roads were decorated with thousands of brightly colored leaves, splotches of orange and red and yellow littered across the decaying asphalt. The windows of each little shop were shattered, empty boxes and used supplies spilling out onto the sidewalk. A blonde man stepped over the debris, blue eyes locked on a small pharmacy on the corner. His jeans were smeared with dirt, the fabric torn in places where they had obviously gotten snagged. His white t-shirt was in a similar state of distress, though less visible under his well-worn leather jacket. A backpack was perched on his back, sagging in a tell-tale way that revealed he had little supplies inside. His only other accessory was a 12 gauge, bolt action shotgun that he had propped against his shoulder.
“Jerk,” Tony mumbled, standing and cracking his back slowly. “I’m not sleep deprived; I got plenty of sleep, just not in the best of positions,” he huffed, rubbing at his neck as Bruce rolled his eyes.
And yet, even with his head covered by a black sack, Toni still
“Yes sir,” Bucky smiled, gladly accepting the kiss before taking a seat in the straw beside the girl. He pulled the bucket closer, watching Steve settle down on the blanket before fishing through his backpack. They didn’t really have any food to spare: one can of beans left. Christ, they needed a lucky break looting that town tomorrow. Actually, they just need a lucky break all together.
“You were
Clint sighed, already starting a pot of coffee before moving over to the table. "This is my little brother, Tony. Up until now, he hasn't known anything about you or our operations. He just doesn't know how to keep his nose out of places it doesn't belong," Clint growled, sending a look to Tony.
Tony bit his lip and looked down to his ravioli, taking a slow bite, so concentrated on his thoughts of Steve that he didn’t even notice Bucky tapping on his arm. “Hey, kid? Kid!” He huffed, snapping his fingers in front of Tony’s line of sight. “What do you think? Should Steve give us the night off for a movie night?”
He stepped around the the back of the car, eyes narrowing as Steve grabbed his bags for him. It was like this guy would do anything to get a rise out of Tony. “I can take my bags,” he protested, shifting his computer to one arm and holding out his hand.
"See, I knew you were bright," the boss grinned, patting Tony on the shoulder. “I think you and I will get along just fine."
He closed the door, just barely catching her “now that, I believe” over the sound of the shower.
"But sir," The agent insisted, stepping forward to produce a tablet. "The silent alarm at the delivery door has been tripped and we had no records of deliveries coming at this time."
“Doing what?” Bucky asked, stepping over the unconscious girl and taking his own knife from the sheath strapped to his thigh. “Hanging out?”
"I will not disappoint," Thor nodded, immediately pushing open the door to the main floor of the factory where workers were assembling hundreds of replicas of Tony's prototype.
“I assume you’ll be at the museum benefit tonight with your father?”
It was looking more like the second option with each passing hour.
Toni scoffed. “Right. Access whether I’m a threat to you and your husband.”
Bucky suddenly realized the true source of Toni’s anxiety. Sure, she was upset that she was lied to and found out how shady those closest to her were. But Toni’s real anxiety came from not knowing the depth of this conspiracy. If her fiancé and her godfather were in on it, than anyone could be and she wouldn’t have known any different. She had no true list of accomplices, she had no motive, and she had no idea how to plan to protect herself. “Hey,” Bucky murmured, waiting a moment until Toni finally looked back at him. “Your father had nothing to do with what those dicks did to me.”
"Anthony, how nice of you to join us," boomed a voice that sounded sweet and truly happy.
Tony felt a blush creep across his cheeks and he immediately looked away, opening his mouth to fumble out an excuse but he was cut off by the lab door opening. Tony relaxed slowly as Bucky crossed his arms defensively. “Good to see you two up!" Obadiah said cheerily, flashing a smile to Bucky. “That’s a marvelous arm, Barnes. Beautiful work, Anthony."
“Steve’s your partner and he’s obviously in some form of distress.” Toni’s brow furrowed as she leaned forward to peer around her father’s seat and get a better look at his expression. “I thought you’d want to help him. You certainly give him enough business advice.”
“Do you think I don’t know what that feels like?” Toni cut him off, turning to catch Bucky’s eyes with her own, a bright fire burning in those blue irises. “Obadiah and Tiberius were my family. I’ve known Stane since I was a child and I had every intention of marrying Ty, and yet they were only using me. They made themselves apart of my life only to increase their power and I let them. And they’re still out on the streets, free and feeling
Bucky had to move forward to grab Clint and keep him from charging at Thor. “It isn’t Thor’s fault; he isn’t the one who betrayed us," Bucky hissed softly as Clint frowned and shoved him away. “It was Loki."
“Understood.” Steve was already walking forward, following the creek north towards the way they had been heading. “But you know me, Bucky, and you know I’m not going to leave anyone behind, no matter what they’ve done. It’s not how we were raised.”
"Little late for that, isn't it?" Tony snapped angrily and stood. "Im going to bed. Stay in or go out, I dont care anymore. Probably just lie to me either way," he huffed bitterly, moving up the stairs to his bedroom and slamming his door shut.
Toni rolled her eyes as she approached the front door of Obadiah’s townhouse, knocking hard on the door before she glanced over her shoulder at the blonde. His eyes were locked on his phone, scanning over his email with one hand while the other tugged at his tie. “Two hours at the most. Will you put your phone away?”
He passed the cigarette forward to Toni, who hesitated a brief moment before she accepted it for a drag herself. “A lot on my mind.”
“Ty.” Toni’s voice cut through the room, sharp and commanding. “Remember what my father said about keeping a level head?” she asked calmly, collecting her jacket from the couch and shrugging it on. “Thank you, Mr. Rogers, for this… subpar meeting. I’m happy you finally stopped avoiding our scheduler, and do tell Mr. Barnes that I’m grateful he forced you to do this.”
Bruce sighed and nodded slowly, meeting Clint’s eyes and stepping slightly closer. “How are you handling this?" He asked gently and brushed a hand against Clint’s arm.
I'm alive! Thought I forgot about this story, huh? Never! I want to thank you all for being so, so patient over these past few months. I have no credible excuses but I'm going to give one anyways; I had the past seven chapters planned out in depth and I have a future chapter I want to get to, I just reached a block writing these transition chapters. But here it is!
Clint’s eyes narrowed just a fraction as he stepped forward, hooking his finger in the collar of Tony’s shirt and with a small tug, revealed the hickey. “You know what.”
With blinding speed he had the pistol cocked and pressed against Tony's forehead within seconds, eyes narrowing. Clint tensed in his seat, his own hand slipping to the gun at his hip. He'd protect his brother no matter what. "Listen, I dont have time to deal with little brats like you, I have more important things to deal with. You breathe one word of what you saw and I'll make sure your torture is so slow and painful that you'll be begging for death. Got it? The only reason Im letting you live now is because Clint is one of my most trusted men and Im sure he's more than capable of keeping you in line."
Clint, from where he was leaned over the map of the city, glanced up, straightening out and nodding. “Cap, based off of what Hammer told us, we should split off into two teams. One to take down the factory and stop the weapons productions, the second to take down Obadiah and rescue Tony and Bucky.”
Steve made a dissatisfied sound, finally speaking up. “That’s not funny, Buck.”
nothing,” Tony snapped, crossing his arms.
Tony opened his mouth to reply, but nothing came out. Clearing his throat, Tony tried again. “Leave me alone,” Tony murmured, pulling his legs up and hugging his knees to his chest. “I dont want to see you.”
Steve blinked and he was back in Bucky’s bedroom, standing in the doorway while the brunet in bed gave him a strange look. “I’m sorry, what did you say?”
“I couldn’t even save him myself. I couldn’t even put myself between him and death. I can’t lose him again.”
“Don’t pretend that you want to get to know me.”
Toni stepped in front of Bucky, moving to raise the pistol but Raza was too quick, grabbing her wrist in his large hand and jerking her to the side. Toni hit the ground hard, the pistol slipping from her hands and sliding across the concrete floor out of reach. She rolled to her back just in time to see Bucky take a large step forward, throwing his weight forward and using the momentum to drive his fist into Raza’s jaw. The guard stumbled back, cupping the side of his face and lifting his gaze to glare at Bucky. Toni acted fast, rolling to her knees and reaching to grab a bottle of wine from the nearest rack. She pushed herself up and, just as Raza began towards Bucky, swung the bottle around. It connected with the man’s head with a satisfying crack, glass shattering and wine splattering over the cellar floor. Raza fell forward unconscious, landing on the ground with a sickening thud. Bucky glanced over at her, before huffing a laugh. “Glad you’re on my side.”
Toni huffed, rolling her head back to face the ceiling. “Why didn’t you leave me there?”
were the one held captive for almost two days.”
But there was nothing he could do about it, chained to this wall and injured as he was. Frankly, despite all of the pain from his wounds and the stress of his fate, Bucky just felt
Usually, Clint was quieter when he left at night, always careful to shut the door quietly and be back before dawn. But tonight, Tony woke to the sound of Clint shuffling in the adjoining bedroom. He sat up slowly, rubbing his face tiredly and glancing to the alarm clock on his bedside table.
When they reached the house, Clint led Steve to the kitchen where the man immediately pushed Tony down into a chair at the table. "Clint, you talk first." He ordered, irritation clear in his expression as he sat down across from Tony.
“Tony. Tony Stark. That was the name on the ID in his wallet,” the mugger spoke up, giving his boss a nervous look.
Steve merely shrugs, fixing a glass of ice tea. “It’s better than anything we would’ve been doing right now.”
Bucky stopped beside the girl, but his hand stretched out to her in gentle offering rather than coercion. Toni glowered at his palm, before she finally clasped her hand around his fingers and used the grip to heft herself up. She didn’t thank him, but she did shift on her feet a moment before huffing. “Fine,” she muttered, slender arm curling around his shoulders while Bucky bent down enough to wrap an arm under her knee and heft her up. “But only because I want to get out of the rain, not because I want your help.”
“How long is this lunch supposed to take?”
Toni opened her mouth as if to argue, but Ty was already kissing her cheek with distant emotion, more eager to be included with Howard. “Martini?” He asked his fiancé and Toni could only nod numbly as she watched the two abandon her.
Toni laughed shakily, sparing a quick glance at Bucky over her shoulder before she turned back to the road and hit the gas. “Am
Tony shuddered involuntarily as a large hand gripped at his hair, yanking his head back to look Obadiah in the eyes. “I was just finishing up your prototype, sir,” Tony stuttered out, swallowing thickly.
Bucky was quick on his heels. “Jesus, hold on a second,” he ordered, catching Steve’s arm and dragging him to a mirror on the hallway wall. “You look like you just had a fit. And considering the fact that you
“Just go.”
"You still fucking lied to me, Clint!" Tony snapped angrily. "You could've told me about all of this, I-"
Steve frowned, not pleased with her final statement and he eagerly took a long sip of his drink. “Not if I have anything to say about it.”
"What the Hell was the point of that?" Steve hissed, standing slowly as Bucky slid out of the office, rifle resting on his shoulder.
“Wait,” Steve blinked, trying to catch the brunette’s hand as she pulled away from him. “That’s not what I-“
She did. Howard was five years into his illegal ventures and was thriving beautifully. The Starks had always come from old money, but Howard took his inheritance to a new level with his criminal maneuvering and it was taking notice. Toni’s sixth birthday party, which was celebrated with as much glitz and fanfare as her twenty-first, had ended in panic when the six-year-old guest of honor disappeared. It was two days before Howard’s men located her at a dingy motel just outside of the city. She had been watching cartoons, taking no notice to the word “ransom” that kept floating around, when the door caved in and Howard’s guards took out her captives. It was the first time she had seen someone die. It certainly wouldn’t be the last.
Tony shrugged. “Yeah, sure. Why not?” He said, taking another bite from his cereal.
“Tony, that isn’t true!” Steve cried, jiggling the doorknob again with no success.
The blonde took the steps quietly, two at a time as he kept his gun aimed and ready to fire. He checked the first two doors on the left, finding nothing but a bathroom and a closet, while the first door on the right was an empty bedroom. He slowly moved to the last door, turning the knob slowly and opening it,  a smirk crossing his face at the sleeping form in the bed.
Clint sighed and rubbed his face in frustration. “Tony, it isn’t safe here anymore. I promise we’ll come back in a few weeks, we just have to find out who’s after you. Okay? Now will you please go pack?”
Tony blinked, looking around and finding everyone’s eyes on him. “Huh? Oh, yeah. Sure. A movie night would be nice,” Tony said lightly, taking a slow sip of his water.
“So will we. I will personally make sure Steve finishes the contracts and we’ll turn them over to you at the benefit,” Bucky assured, meeting her eyes confidently and sincerely. “Will that timeline be okay with your father?”
Tony snorted, grabbing the pliers and setting them aside. “I’m trying, Bucky, but none of this looks good. I’m stalling the best I can here but sooner or later, Stane’s gonna want this prototype finished." Tony huffed and propped his head up with an elbow, chin in hand.
, I don’t think partners would like to see that.”
Amusement flickered across Howard’s expression as he accepted his drinks, sliding one martini towards Steve. Not the blonde’s first choice, but when Howard Stark offers you a drink? Take it. “My daughter? I assume you know her, seeing as you’re at her birthday party. That, and you even managed to steal a dance with her,” Howard commented, peering over the rim of his glass as he took a sip, gaze relaxed but Steve knew better; the businessman was sizing him up.
“And I told you that you are no help to Bucky sleep deprived and starving,” she calmly shot back, finally turning to face the blonde with her hands planted on her hips. “So I gave you something to help.”
Steve made a face, sipping his water. "Why would they want Tony? It isn't like he could do anything mob-wise."
Bucky frowned, leaning forward to meet her eyes but she decisively would not look at him. “And what’s north?”
“Bingo,” Toni huffed, pointing the cleaned fork at Bucky. “Give the man a prize.”
The blonde’s eyes snapped open immediately, whatever light sleep he had been able to muster through the night shattering with one word. That’s all it took nowadays. Steve kicked away the thin sheet they had managed to curl up under the night before, finding the other half of the bed void of his partner. Running on instinct now, the man rolled out of bed and reaching for his shotgun on the bedside table- gone. Where was it? How was he supposed to save Bucky? Steve pushed his way into the living room of the dingy apartment they had set up camp in, finding his lover standing beside the couch with his arms crossed. Seeing no immediate threat, Steve blinked in confusion. “I don’t-“
Steve and Thor struggle to take down the factory while Clint and his team try to catch up to Tony.
The blonde glanced up his body, finding the rope wrapping around his ankle disappearing into the ceiling. He’d have to reach up and cut himself down if he wanted to free himself. The man reached to his belt, where a pocket knife was clipped against his hip. It would take some work, but if he could just reach up and-
Bucky nodded once. “Said she had family north.”
Tony finishes his prototype while Steve prepares his team to take Obadiah down.
Clint sighed and rubbed a hand down his face, lifting himself onto the table and crossing his legs. He was silent for a few moments before speaking again, voice softer and Bruce had to strain to here. “When Tony was fifteen, he went through this whole rebellious stage and one day, we got into a big argument. I told him I never wanted to see his punk ass again." Clint mumbled quietly, taking a deep breath before continuing.
“Overreacting? Buck, my entire business is at risk,” Steve declared. Taking up a glass from the bar, he fixed himself up with whiskey, refilling Bucky’s own empty glass when the brunet raised it towards him. “I’m going to lose my imports, which means I’m going to lose my clients.”
. But if we run into her again-“
Steve tries to figure out what's going on around him while Tony meets his new assistant.
Jarvis.
“You must be Clint’s little brother. I have heard much about you! I am Thor!” Thor boom and Tony whined, wiggling in his hold. “Buddy, I’m right here, no need to yell.”
Toni paused like she wasn’t expecting his snapped words, and her jaw clenched for a moment and she looked like she wanted a fight herself. But her own annoyance melted away from her expression and she finally shrugged, conceding his point. Perhaps the stress of the past few days had taken her will to argue. At least, to argue over small things. It was a while before she spoke again. “Perhaps you’re right. But you should have seen him while you were gone, ready to tear this city apart for you,” she whispered. “When I first met Steve, he was all sweet and hopeful. He seemed a little too soft for this business, really. Now he's all-"
She was right, and Steve didn’t want to admit it. He knew Bucky’s capture was just to get a rise out of him, and maybe that was what hurt most. His friend was hurt because of him- no. He couldn’t think that way. Bucky would kill him for thinking that way; Bucky signed into this life of his own free will and Steve had no say. What Steve did have control over, however, was finding his friend. And he would do just that. His partners may be wary of the situation and his own men may be worried for Steve’s sanity, but this was Bucky they were talking about. They had to get him back. “Turn the car around.”
He moved past her to the desk chair, slumping down and rubbing a hand over his face. He seemed more annoyed by her question than stressed, but it was still enough for Toni to push on. “You and I were going to meet for lunch today anyhow, so what’s the harm in inviting Obie along? We can head to that Italian place down the road from Obie and pick him up along the way.”
He yawned as he set the computer on the table, setting his flash drive beside it before shutting off all of the lights. He moved up the stairs to his room, rubbing his face as he shut the door and slumped tiredly into bed, sliding under the covers and immediately falling asleep.
Natasha raised her gaze, watching Steve for a moment before smiling as she popped a pepperoni into her mouth. “She’s growing on you.”
Steve followed his gaze to the girl on the exam table, who was sprawled out on the soft padding, head facing the wall. For the first time since they’ve met her, her expression was void of any pain or tension. “Sleeping. She nodded off not too long after you left.”
Tony smiled, kissing Steve's lips softly. "Sign me up," he whispered.
Tony sniffed, nodding. “Deal.”
Tony was straining against Steve's bruising grip, eyes glaring darkly at Clint. The older brother was trying to figure out who to speak to first, whether to explain to Steve or Tony. Before he could say anything, Steve was taking control of the situation. "Natasha, make sure you and the others finish this interrogation. You know how I like things run and what I want to know out of the weasel. Me, Clint and the kid have to have a little talk," his commanding tone leaving no room for argument.
“Come on, Steve, give him a chance,” Bucky called from where he was currently trapped in a headlock.
“You fucking drugged me?” Steve asked disbelievingly, eyes wide and angered.
“I doubt my fiancé would agree with that,” Toni stated flatly, rolling her eyes.
,” she muttered with all the exasperation of a moody teenager. “Do you two have a destination in mind?”
That seemed to be the tipping point; Toni was at the brink of her sharing capacity. “I ran into a few hiccups here and there. Lost friends, faced ruthless survivors. The whole shebang.”
"To my house in Malibu. Far from the Captain and his little misfit gang," Obadiah hissed, moving to shove Tony into the chopper when the roof door slammed open and Clint, Natasha and Bucky stepped out with guns ready.
”Look.”
Tony simply shrugged away Clint’s touch, his focus not breaking. Clint sighed, shaking his head. “I get off early tonight so I’ll be back by midnight, alright? I’ll lock the door behind me,” he huffed, moving off.
