At least, he hadn't thought it was.
"Goodnight Steve" Tony shut the door, and the last thing he saw was Tony's own smile.
"You saw the news" was all Tony said, and Steve sighed.
"As much as I hate to acknowledge it, I know H.Y.D.R.A best. They killed this man for one of two reasons; he knew something that he shouldn't, or they needed to fix a mistake. H.Y.D.R.A doesn't just kill for no reason. As sick as those bastards are, they are smart. It's how they remained in S.H.I.E.L.D undetected for so long. They don't just start killing because that draws attention. And this man couldn't be important, because we, they. They would have taken him and done terrible things to him" Bucky spoke, faltering only once when he referred to H.Y.D.R.A as we. Sam rest his hand on Bucky's metal arm, which meant so much more then just a comfort thing. It showed that Sam knew of his past, and yet didn't care. He was willing to touch the arm most people flinched from, especially when it was on display like this. And that's what Bucky needed.
"The pink side is vanilla, and the blue side is chocolate" one of the waiters told them as he started to cut it, and went wide eyed as people started shouting what they wanted.
“Tell me. Please Steve, no more secrets” Tony begged. He wasn’t above fighting dirty, and using his puppy dog eyes to get what he wanted.
"The vanilla boys will not be associated with you chocolate devils" Steve teased and took a bite for himself. Tony looked teasingly appalled and fired back quickly.
"And I would like everyone to know, I got them the best presents"
But was he really in the wrong if he had the support he did? Bucky was automatically on his side, considering everything evolved around him. Wanda, Clint, Scott, and Sam had all taken his side in the beginning. And people who were initially on Tony’s side were now on his. King T’Challa was currently housing them, Vision had started to contact Wanda and would secretly meet with her and also stop by to say hi to everyone, and Nat had turned on Tony and helped them escape. And if Bruce and Thor had been with them he was sure they would side with him because Bruce would never sign with General Ross, and Thor did what he wanted. He was a prince after all. No, Steve didn’t think he was in the wrong.
"My room is just down the hall, last door on the left if you need anything. Rhodey will probably be in the room right across from yours" Steve opened the door, and moved aside so Tony could pass through. "You don't have to wake up with the kids, you should get your beauty sleep"
"Steve" Wanda cut him off, looking over his shoulder at something with her mouth agape. Furrowing his eyebrows he turned to see what could be bothering the girl, and gasped. James was standing, and taking slow steps in the direction of Tony, who look horrified but also in awe of the child nearing him. It was like James knew who Tony was, and instantly felt a connection to him. James fell down, but pushed himself back up, to stubborn to quit just like both his parents. Steve along with everyone else waited to see if James would reach Tony by walking. He took a step, before another one, only falling down once more before he was holding on to Tony's knee a wide goofy smile on his face. The room erupted into cheers, and Steve to proud to think about what he was doing was approaching the table.
"Seven am is not that early" Tony looked appalled at him.
"At least we have character, unlike you boring people" and this was so the Steve and Tony from before the accords, but it still felt natural. Like they had never missed a beat between the two of them. Steve couldn't help it, he just starred at Tony until Tony felt his gaze and saw Steve looking at him like he did years ago. And Tony panicked. Steve sensed the change, and how he must have over stepped his boundaries, but it was so hard because he just got lost in it all. He'd always get lost in Tony. He dropped his gaze, to his plate and poked at his cake, no longer interested. James huffed in annoyance, and Steve got the hint to keep feeding him.
"Thank you" Steve whispered, and she squeezed his hip.
"It's about damn time" he huffed out, and Steve wondered how fast he had run to get so winded.
"You alright?" Tony asked, sensing his concern.
"Bad Maria" Steve scolded her like she was a dog, and she pout up at him before Steve heard her tummy grumble. So that's why she was acting up. She was hungry and wanted lunch, and Steve had forgotten to get it for her so she wanted his attention. She couldn't just cry like a normal child? Rushing to the kitchen Steve grabbed the two plates and put them in front of the two kids, letting them eat in the living room for once because he had to finish his talk with Tony.
“Hey Steve, you alright?” Bucky called quietly from the hallway. Bucky still didn’t have all his memories and could still be triggered at times, but he knew Steve was important in his old life and this one. He'd considered going into a cyro chamber until he was healed, but decided against it in the end after Steve had begged him not to. He’d do anything for Steve with memories, or without. Steve offered back a pitiful moan, and Bucky took that as an invitation to come in.
"Language. Now I know this isn't the way you wanted to start a family, but this could be a chance for you to be happy. As much as we all agree with what side we took, no one is happy that we have to hide. But this, this could be something to make you smile every day of your life" Nat rubbed his shoulder gently as Steve let the tears fall. He knew he would love this baby. Steve Rogers loved almost everyone. But that was the problem. If he loved this baby he would never move on from Tony. Not that he probably ever could, but he needed to try because Tony no longer loved him.
"I'm fine" what was one more secret going to do to their already failed relationship?
"Safe? You think I'd track the call?"
"And I'm sorry for Siberia. Am I sorry for trying to kill Barnes? No, not in that moment. You have to understand just what I was feeling Steve. You know you'd react the same way if someone told you that they killed your mother. But now that the situation is over, that I can look at things clearly, I know I would have done what you did if it was Rhodey in Barnes position. If someone told you Rhodey had killed your mother while he was brainwashed, ya I'd take Rhodey's side. I've been tortured myself, I can understand a little bit about what happened with Barnes. So I am sorry for trying to kill Barnes. It wasn't him. However, you can't expect me to become all buddy buddy with him, because I won't. I get that it wasn't him, but when I look at him all I can picture is him standing over my mom. Same with Wanda. I get that she's a kid, but when I look at her all I can picture is her getting into my head and showing me my biggest fears. All I can picture is her showing me you dead" tears filled Steve's eyes at the honesty he was hearing. Tony wasn't saying things to appeal to Steve, he was being genuine. They still had a lot to work out, but this was good.
"I. I did all the research" Shuri interrupted her brother who rolled his eyes at her.
“Someone’s got to” while that was said in a teasing tone, and it should have made Steve laugh it didn’t. Because Tony had taken care of him. When Steve over worked himself in the gym and left his knuckles bloody, when Steve couldn’t sleep because he was scared when he woke up he’d yet again be in a different time, when he didn’t understand something and felt like a moron, or when he panicked because he’d walk into a freezing cold room Tony was there. He’d always been there. And now he was gone.
He wasn't going to make it out of the building, there wasn't time. It was probably why there were only 10 seconds; no time for him to escape, no time for Tony to fly in and deactivate it. He ran into a frightened looking Clint, and without stopping grabbed his wrist and dragged him along behind him.
"Not while he's surrounded by people"
"You can make jokes about it. I know, it looks like a cotton candy monster threw up in here" Steve laughed, putting their daughter into her crib, Tony copying with their son. It felt nice, doing it like this.
"Look, I didn't call you here to fight. And I know I do have some things to apologize for, so let's move on to that because we're getting nowhere right now. We'll never agree on the accords. I am sorry for not telling you about your parents. The second I had my suspicions I should have told you. But I thought, if I ignored it pretended I didn't see it then it wasn't real. That Bucky had nothing to do with it. But you're right, I should have told you.  You have to understand though, it wasn't him Tony. I mean, yes it was him that killed Howard and your mom, but it wasn't mentally him. There's these trigger words, that if they are said to him he's just a puppet waiting for someone to control him. He's getting better, he still has his moments but he's in there and I can't give up on him" and no matter what happened with Bucky, Steve would have his back because it was the two of them till the end of the line.
All Sam had to do was grow a pair and actually talk to Bucky about how he was feeling and maybe they could-
"You think I would have killed you?" Steve shrugged, not really knowing his answer.
"How long was the timer, do I have time to deactivate it?" Tony yelled over the comm, sounding ready to fly through the roof if he could just pin point their location. J.A.R.V.I.S was probably already scanning for their heat signatures.
This is it.
"I don't agree with everything the accords said. Hell I don't even know if I agree with half the things on there. But I think they are a necessity. You say that the safest hands are our own. Have you forgotten all the harm we've caused?" Tony took a seat opposite Steve. He looked casual as he sat, but Steve could see the way his body tensed, like he was waiting for Steve to burst. He wondered if the Iron Man suit was somewhere near by, waiting to be call upon.
"How'd it go? You figure out the gender?" that got everyone's attention, all eager to hear what the peanut would be.
"So he's staying for a few days?" she asked, and Steve was glad for the change in topic.
"I hope I made something everyone likes. We have other things in the kitchen if you want something else" Steve told everyone, already cutting up the grilled cheese he had made separately for the kids. He read that children under three shouldn't have hotdogs because they are slippery and can get caught in their throats. He wasn't sure if that was true, but he was kind of a helicopter parent he discovered, and he wasn't going to chance anything.
“They are killing innocent men when they realize it isn’t me” Steve protested, and Tony’s grip tightened.
"Holy shit" Clint breathed out.
“I don’t think so. Probably just hang out here for the day, read up on some things T’Challa sent me. Maybe, if you’re interested we could walk around Wakanda, and I could show you around? Rhodey could come to” Steve asked, not able to hide the hopefulness in his voice that Tony would say yes.
"Are you ready to find out the gender of the baby?" what a stupid question, Steve thought but would never voice. Of course he was thrilled to learn if there would be a baby girl or boy running around, how could he not be? He wasn't sure which one he would prefer; a boy or a girl although a boy might be easier. He hadn't grown up around girls, and the two girls he did know both had terrible childhoods so they probably wouldn't be of much help.
"Really?" Bucky glared at Nat who stared right back.
It was a solid plan, the only problem was time. They needed a few minutes to put the plan into action, and of course the building wasn't going to wait for that.
“I’ve learned my lesson. Wanda sleeps in for as long as she wants, unless it’s after noon. That’s just ridiculous”
"Thor, grab the edge of the ceiling. Together the two of you are going to gently, and I can't stress how important I say gently, set it down and get out. I'll be here ready to fly in and shield you if I have to Nomad, and Hulk is ready to jump in and hold up the building if it continues to collapse" it was the first time Tony had called him Nomad instead of Replacement, and it felt good to know he was moving up the scale. He would take on an entire building collapsing if it meant Tony would talk to him.
"It said you hadn't left the tower in a while. No Iron Man" and drinking yourself to an early death, but he left that unsaid.
Steve hadn't seen Tony since they talked, which was only two hours ago but with how giddy he felt, it felt like a life time. He had run, literally run home, after sitting in the party room for a half hour thinking to himself. He just couldn't believe that Tony was staying! Would Tony want to stay in his house with him? Would it be too bold of Steve to ask? But right now none of that mattered. What mattered was what T'Challa was saying. Wanda had volunteered to stay behind and watch the kids with Vision, as long as she was informed straight away as to what was said. Steve and the other three were down in the lab watching Shuri pull up a picture to show them.
"Are you guys planning on sleeping here?" Steve asked the pair, glad to be changing the subject. Tony lost his playful pout when he registered Steve's question.
was left unsaid, but Steve's sure Tony picked up on it. He was always good at being able to pick up what Steve wasn't saying. It was another reason they worked so well together, both being able to just sense and read the other person, being able to communicate with no words. He waited with bated breath for Tony's answer.
He couldn't have asked for a better support team. The only thing missing was Tony. Despite it being close to ten months since last seeing him, he could not get over Tony. He watched the news and Vision would provide updates, but it did nothing to ease his mind. Was it wrong of him to keep their children a secret? Probably. Tony had a right to know he helped create something that wasn't a machine, but Steve couldn't risk it. If he told Tony he wasn't sure what the man would do. And if he took the children from Steve, well Steve wasn't sure if he could survive first loosing his husband then his children. So no, Steve was going to be selfish for once in his life, and keep the children to himself.
"Huh? Oh no, not a problem. So this is the Wakandan version of the Avengers mansion?" he tried to joke but it was weak and fell through. All it did was make Steve and Wanda remember their old lives. Sensing his mistake Tony kept talking. "So what's for dinner? I'm hoping something greasy and fattening" he clapped his hands together, and glanced his eyes up at the ceiling for a brief moment before remembering F.R.I.D.A.Y wasn't here and lowering them again. He must have been caught up in the past as well. The team all eating dinner together, making jokes, and actually behaving as a family. Back when Nat had red hair and Steve didn't have a beard.
"Hurry up" he demanded, feeling the vibrations in the wall, meaning the building was barely struggling to stay up.
“Nat, Bucky, and Sam are probably already up. In fact, I wouldn’t be surprised if they aren’t even here. They normally leave to go jog on some of the paths. Wanda likes to sleep in, seriously don’t even attempt to wake her up, and Vision will probably stay in her room until she wakes” he had received a hair brush to the head the one time he had tried to drag her out of bed. It was 8:30, that was late enough. At least, that’s what Steve thought.
"Steve?" he finally spoke, whispering to try and give them some privacy which was hard considering everyone could still see each other thanks to the giant window in the wall.
"Oh god" Steve said louder as he continued to think and let the memories continue to overflow. Steve thought his life sucked, having to hide and being a wanted criminal, and it did, but what did Tony have? Sure Tony was a free man but he was alone. He had Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy but no one else. Steve had taken all of them with him. Steve's life had gone up once he had the kids, but Tony's had only gone down.
"Shit" Steve said, putting the phone down and dropping the now useless knife as he rushed to James who looked ready to strangle his sister.
"You're right, he prefers to talk about the weather" Nat snapped back right away coming to help Steve with the toys. She winked at him when they made eye contact and he snorted. Nat's sass never failed.
he swore to Steve that night as they laid in bed that he would never be like Howard. Kids have two parents for a reason. He'd have a late start but better late then never. First things first, he had to fix the phone.
“H.Y.D.R.A has started killing men that resemble me. They are trying to find me, and when they realize that they’ve gone after the wrong man they execute them” and really, it wasn’t anything new, H.Y.D.R.A was always looking for Steve, more importantly the serum, but it still caused fear and anger to swell inside Tony.
"Nomad is holding up the ceiling from crushing us" Nat said in amazement.
"Ya. Ya I did" Steve smiled as he looked down at the picture still in awe over his babies.
"Gunshot wound to the head. But he was roughed up a bit. Broken ribs, sprained wrist among other cuts and bruises" T'Challa explained using the same tone as Nat. Ok, so she wasn't the only one who saw something with this man. But what could it be? Looking at the picture it was impossible to piece together something without anymore details.
"Babies are coming" Steve panted as another pain went through him and Adia joined him on his other side.
“Tony, it’s seven thirty, this is not breakfast talk” Steve sighed uselessly, knowing he was fighting a losing battle. When Tony gave him that concerned look he found himself caving.
"Tell me you are just babysitting. You tell me that they are Nat's or the witch's, hell even Barnes's psycho child. Tell me" Tony pleaded and Steve knew this was the moment of truth.
The second punch caused the light from the moon to shine into the room. He could see the green from Hulk's fist as it grabbed the hole and pulled down. Thor and Tony were standing beside him, Thor grabbing pieces to move out of the way as they fell.
"I'm doing great Thor, this is a piece of cake" he said with fake sarcasm. Really it was a piece of cake. Thor didn't seem to understand as he looked at him in confusion, but before he could comment Tony was also sliding up to them.
"Which I apologized for. But you attacked me too, you would have killed Bucky if we hadn't fought back. Probably would have killed me in your rage to get to Bucky" Tony looked at him shocked. It was like the plug in a pool floaty. Once he pulled it, you could see the anger slowly leaving Tony.
"What do I do?" Steve turned to the original four who had accompanied him, and not one of them looked like they had a helpful answer.
"Wanda is more like a sister to them, and Bucky is-" Steve trailed off looking at Bucky. He took the news surprisingly well when Steve told him he was naming Sam as godfather, but it still must have stung knowing you weren't going to be your best friends children's god parents. As much as Steve defended Bucky, hell that was part of the reason they weren't in America anymore, he knew it was safer to have the kids with Sam. Even though Shuri had been looking at his brain for over a year, they weren't sure if the programming was completely wiped and Steve would never risk his kids life, no matter how much he loved Bucky. Also, Steve and Bucky were easy to spot if the government ever found them. Sam on the other hand could disappear easier.
"Играй честно" (Play nice) Nat said in Russian, knowing that only he would understand.
Sure, Tony and him had talked about starting a family together, but that was before everything had gone to shit. If they had a girl Tony got to pick the name, and Steve was one hundred percent sure he would choose the name Maria after his mother. Steve was allowed to pick the name if they had a boy, but Steve wasn’t sure what he’d pick. When they had talked about this, late at night in bed it almost seemed like something that could never happen. But of course, now that they weren’t together it seemed that it could become a reality. If he’s pregnant then he’s certain god really is punishing him, because why else wouldn’t he get pregnant when they were actually trying but when he didn’t want to be he would be?
"I can carry the toys back, while you sort the kids" Bucky offered, and that was the wrong thing to say to not get Tony going again.
“I honestly couldn’t tell you. Thank god for Wanda, she always caught the mistake before I could bring them to the palace” Steve put Maria into her high chair, Tony copying with James.
As they approached the palace doors, the guards nodding at them as they passed, they were suddenly halted by a panting Sam. Sam still relatively looked the same from two years ago, the only difference being he had grown out his facial hair.
thought
Maria's crying got louder and it brought Steve out of his daze.
"Oh, I mean, I-we hadn't really thought about it. We could sleep in the palace if it was better, not that the palace is a better place, it's just-" and Steve should not have felt as much pride as he did over the fact he could make the always talking Tony Stark speechless.
Tony was calling.
"I can do it. When I'm done eating" he said seriously from where he was sitting, and Nat leaned back in her chair satisfied.
Yay, an update!
"Tony? You still there?" There was no answer, and Steve swore under his breath. He had missed his chance because one of his children was a spawn of Satan. She was lucky he loved her more then anything else in the world, her and her brother. He went to hang up the phone when Tony spoke up and Steve thanked the lord.
"You scare me because I realize I don't know you. I once said you didn't have a dark side, and you tried to tell me you did. Stupid of me to not believe you" Tony had a tear slowly trailing down his cheek, and Steve wanted to wipe it but refrained. Tony was scared of him, Tony is scared of him. He wanted to throw up, he wanted to break something, he wanted to scream, he wanted he wanted he wanted.
"Happy Birthday to you" the lights dimmed down as the biggest cake Steve had ever seen rolled out of the kitchen. It was a three tier cake, half pink and half blue and had one giant candle on top in the shape of a one.
“Sam?” It was Steve who snapped Sam out of his thoughts. He realized in embarrassment that he was still starring at Bucky’s lips, and had even leaned in a little bit.
"So they have the serum?" Tony asked, the scientist in him coming out. Steve could tell he was itching to take down notes, maybe perform a few tests to see what all they were capable of.
“Mr. Rogers, Mr. Barnes” a pretty female doctor greeted them, her accent thick just like everyone else’s. “I assume you are here because of Mr. Rogers puking?” So T’Challa must have known that Steve would eventually cave and see a doctor.
"Wanda Maximoff when I look at you I do not see a threat. I see a young girl who had her whole life turned around. Manipulated into siding with the bad guys because you thought they were good and having tests done on you which couldn't have been painless. Ya, you got into our heads and messed with our minds. And were we mad about it? At first, yes. But you saw the man who you believed was responsible for your parents deaths, and you acted out of anger. You acted how most humans would have acted. But then, you joined the right side. You didn't know us, but you knew it was the right thing to do. To help those civilians. And the accords? Those were not your fault. Everyone will always look at the negative instead of the positive. And you just happened to be the one to get the blame" Wanda was back to crying, and Steve wasn't sure if that was good or not. But she wasn't yelling at him which was good. Steve would need to get better at comforting women if he wanted to be there for his daughter.
Twins. He couldn't believe it. Soon there would be a little Maria, and whatever he named the boy waking up the palace at odd hours of the night. Steve stopped walking as he thought about it. Would he keep the name Maria for the girl? That was the name Tony had picked out, and calling out her name would only remind him of his ex. But that was what Tony wanted, and even though they weren't together anymore he would honor that. It was the least he could do after not telling him about any of this.
Steve's eyes widened as he read the text. This was a H.Y.D.R.A base, and his team had just walked into their trap. He couldn't tell them to leave without blowing his cover, but he also couldn't allow them to walk into their deaths. Hurriedly he walked into the room at the end of his hallway. It looked like a normal room, except for the old computers and desk covered in filth. Seriously, H.Y.D.R.A did not know how to clean.
"You're only dilated five centimeters. I'm surprised you didn't come in sooner" Bucky muttered something that sounded suspiciously like 'stubborn bastard'  "You have five more centimeters to go. You can walk around this room, or lay down but I suggest not going far. Would you like me to send for your friends?" Steve nodded and Adia excused herself to go and get them.
“Alright, I will ask you a few questions, take some blood, maybe a urine sample, and then you’ll be good to go” Steve nodded. Despite the time change this was the same thing that happened before the serum.
"Like you said, I'm not going to apologize for the accords. I stood on the side I felt was right. But I can say I am sorry for how everything turned out. I never wanted you to become criminals. I never wanted you to have to go to the raft, which I can tell you I am strongly against that part I saw how awful it was, and I am sorry you can't come home" it took Tony another moment, like he was arguing in his head over something, before he continued.
“Steve, we all agree this isn’t normal for you. Maybe you should take up T’Challa’s advice and go see one of his doctors” Steve sighed a protest already forming on his lips, but he knew he should go. After the serum he thought he’d seen the last of doctors, and he was happy about that. Most of his childhood was spent with a doctor and he would be happy to never see one again. In one month alone he’d seen more doctors then most people would see in their entire lives.
“So what is your plan?” more importantly, when did he need to be available. If he couldn’t stop Steve, then Steve couldn’t stop him from joining.
"Steve you've got to eat" Natasha gently told him, pushing a bowl of pasta towards him. It had been three days since the confirmed pregnancy and Steve felt like a zombie. He didn't want to eat, his sleep was still non existent, and he stopped talking to everyone. It was exactly the same way he felt after he first woke up from the ice. The others had all tried to help him, but he didn't want it. He didn't need them to help with this parasite growing inside of him. It was just a reminder of what he couldn't have; a loving family with his husband.
"You need to leave at anytime, you let me know" she whispered to him and he nodded before turning to face everyone else in the room.
"Ok, we'll go back to the tower and you can call it a night" of course Tony wouldn't call it a night for himself, but he would allow his friends to get some rest. Steve wondered if he would have to call a cab to take him home, or if H.Y.D.R.A would have a car ready for him, but was stopped as Tony faced him.
"Excuse me asshole, I helped pick out the outfits" Sam walked to stand in front of Bucky and crossed his arms.
The only problem was Steve himself. None of them could get him to take care of himself, not even Bucky, and they were at the end of their lines. Hence why Nat had to forcibly drag him out of bed and into the kitchen.
"Hey, when you grow up during the depression and have some form of super soldier serum coursing through your veins you eat a lot" Bucky teased back, again his voice not sounding teasing unless you knew him. Wanda used her powers to levitate some food to hers and Visions plates, something she usually did but the smirk on her face told Steve she was purposely making a big deal out of it tonight. She wanted to annoy Tony that she was able to use her gifts, and it was working. Tony glared at the sparks of red that drifted out of Wanda's hands. Honestly it was like Wanda was the rebellious kid. The more you tried to get her to stop doing something, the more she would do it.
"Right. So don't you think that if you were really trying to kill Tony you would have gone for the head? If you brought you're shield down on his head it would have been over for him, but you didn't. You hit his reactor. And you know that he didn't need his reactor anymore, not after Malibu" there was another memory he wanted to forget. Extremis, Justin Hammer, reports of Tony dying, Pepper being kidnapped. Would they ever have a normal life? But then the last sentence of what she said kicked in. That was right, Tony didn't need the reactor anymore. It was no longer keeping him alive. Had he always known that he wouldn't actually kill Tony? So lost in his head he wasn't thinking straight anymore, and he doesn't think he has been for the past two years. He was so used to people targeting the reactor, that when he did it he put himself in the same category as them. Seeing the realization sweep across his face Nat knew she had gotten through to him. "You've been so caught up in your grief, you've failed to see the facts. If you wanted Tony dead you wouldn't have gone after the reactor. All you did was power it down so Bucky could get away"
"She's also a weapon of mass destruction. You can't see that" so that's what they were starting with. The whole thing behind everything; the accords. This was one of the things Steve would not apologize for. He'd apologize for leaving Tony to die after almost killing him, for not telling him the truth about his parents, and not telling him about the kids. But fighting on the side he did was not to be apologized for.
I love our three new characters, and yes they will play a major role in this story. Not only does Steve see his family in them, but they will also be important on getting Steve back to his family. Especially our resident Daredevil
“Hello my beautiful girl” Steve said to Maria after she was on the table. She cooed at him, reaching up with her hands to try and grab his beard. In retaliation he playfully bit at her fingers, making sure to use his lips and not his teeth. After her diaper change, he lifted her into his arms and cuddled her close, just like he had done with James. It was all a part of their morning traditions.
"But we could avoid those disastrous mistakes if we had control. We can't just show up to a country when we think they need us. We have to wait for them to call on us" Tony argued back, tightening his grip on the edge of the table.
and deciding to just go for it.
Every time they said 'I hate you" to one another, which was a lot, Steve knew they didn't mean it. There was a hidden message in those words.
"What do we do?" Nat asked, for once not knowing how to handle a situation. When faced with a gun pointed at her head the black widow could think of at least ten different ways to get herself out of the situation alive. When her family was threatened however, she tended to freeze for a few moments before her brain went into overdrive. In a few minutes Steve was sure she would have a solution.
"Widow, Hawkeye, Replacement you guys head inside. Thor and I will watch the outside and the air. Bruce, be ready to Hulk out if we need you to" Tony ordered, taking flight before anyone could agree or disagree. Thor quickly followed, flying in the opposite direction of Tony.
"You are a little monster" Steve told her bopping her nose as she pout at him for ruining her fun. The look reminded him of one that Tony would give when he would drag him out of the lab and force him to sleep. Two years had gone by and still he missed his ex husband. Not a day passed where he didn't think about the man. To many nights did he lay in bed with their kids, cell phone in hand ready to dial his number. But he never did.
"Language" Tony sucked in a breath, as the running joke from the team registered and Steve knew he instantly messed up. It took him a few moments before he responded and the tone of his voice broke Steve a little more.
"That's not what I asked. Did you think I would take them from you?" he so badly wanted to assure Tony that no he didn't think that about him, but that would be a lie and there were supposed to be no more of those.
Steve wondered if maybe their relationship was like his and Tony's. They didn't like each other when they first met, and they annoyed the hell out of one another but look at what happened. They ended up getting married. Steve laughed. The thought of Sam and Bucky getting married seemed impossible.
"That's it" Natasha slammed her palms on the table and Steve isn't ashamed to admit it terrified him seeing her like this. "I get it, this isn't the ideal situation for you, but enough is enough. Now sit there and eat your damn pasta or I will shove the whole bowl down your throat" Natasha's green eyes were narrowed and it reminded him of the hulk. Like she was about to release her own hulk on him. He didn't know which one would be scarier. He glared at her using his captain eyes, but she didn't back down. Slowly, Steve felt his glare breaking and his eyes started to mist.
He wondered what they looked like. Did any of them look like him? What were their names? Boys or girls or both? But did he really want to know? Would it only cause more hurt if he became apart of their lives?
"Why wouldn't you" he shrugged. And really why wouldn't Tony. If Tony took them they wouldn't be secrets anymore. They could actually grow up like normal children, well as normal as one could with Tony Stark as a father, and not be worried about being tracked down one day.
“About a week or two before we came here” He felt his heart start to speed up. Please don’t let it be true, please. I can’t handle it, not now. The doctor grabbed something from her desk and handed it to Steve. It was long and white and cool to touch. A pregnancy test.
Because that wouldn't make anything worse. But he had to tell Tony.
It shouldn't have surprised him that the way he would slowly get close to the Avengers would be after a mission. It's how they all bonded the first time, after Loki's attack and Tony flying into space. Tony hadn't been joking when he said they should all get shawarma and demanded they go there.
Guess what? It's almost reunion time!
"The person who found Mr. Carron described the assailants to the police. There were three. Not many details to go by because it was so dark, but they did see one thing very clearly; a skull surrounded by what they called octopus legs" Steve shut his eyes and took a deep breath to remain calm. So H.Y.D.R.A had been interested in this man for some reason. That means he must have been important. But if he was that important then why kill him?
Clint somehow managed to roll Nat underneath of him, shielding her, so Steve only had to shield Clint. Tony and Thor were both screaming over the comms, which wasn't helping his growing headache.
“I was planning on waiting until after you had left to put a plan into motion. I was thinking I would try and go somewhere H.Y.D.R.A would most likely be, maybe Germany, or near Sokovia. They have bases along the Alps. The plan so far is that I’ll get spotted by them, I’ll make sure they confirm it’s me, and then I’ll get out. They’ll know what I look like, and they can stop killing innocent men”
"I don't want you to take full responsibility, or try and apologize and make me feel like I'm innocent in everything. I get it, I'm not. I've said my apologies and I mean them. However, I'm not the bad guy in this situation, because there isn't a bad guy. We fought for what we believed in, but I am asking you, do you feel sorry about anything?" as painful as this was, he understood this was necessary. He couldn't continue shouldering all the blame, he could never truly heal and move forward in life if he didn't get some form of Tony showing he regretted his actions.
"Like this?" Tony held up a small piece on his fork and Steve nodded.
Prologue for the story so this chapter is shorter then what the future ones will be
“Tony, I’ve been dealing with H.Y.D.R.A since I was first given the serum. I can handle myself. Besides, if something goes wrong, I know I’ve got someone who won’t stop looking for me” he smiled, gently prying his wrist from Tony’s grip so that he could continue making breakfast.
“Always taking care of me” he said as they slowly shuffled out the bathroom door and down to the medical suite.
"So, when he said he'll talk to you guys later I'm guessing it wasn't to sit down and talk about his day" Tony crossed his arms across his chest and stared at them quizzically, as if he could get them to reveal any details about what was happening. Steve bent down to start picking up the kids toys so that he could carry them back to the cabin, and it would give him an excuse to ignore Tony.
"What is going on, seriously you people suck at communication" Tony snapped, and Steve could hear him with his super hearing just outside the wall.
“Steve, if it’s something important I want to help”
His phone buzzed in his pocket, and he took it out. He had learned fairly quickly that when it buzzed he was meant to take it out. Plus, it was good for them to think he had become a meek shell of himself, instead of secretly plotting.
"Son of a bitch" Steve whispered as he realized.
It had been a few minutes. Shakily he grabbed the stick from the counter and brought it down to his face.
He just wished that others had taken his side. That they would have listened to him. That his husband hadn't run away with the man who killed his parents. All he had left on his team was a kid, and someone who was forced to stay by his side because that was one of the rules of being best friends. And of course, he had his many bottles of alcohol.
“Swap kids?” Steve asked approaching, Maria’s hands already outstretched, making grabbing motions. James, sensing what was about to happen, curled into Steve’s neck, not wanting to go.
and Tony nodded without hesitation. They still had a lot to talk about, and Steve was determined to get an apology from him, but he would enjoy this moment.
"Shit, ya I'm here" finally he answered, and Steve exhaled. Thank god. "Thor, go get Bruce. I'm going to find them, you bring Bruce to me, he's going to Hulk up and help us destroy the wall. Everyone makes it out, no one dies" So that's why he had gone quiet. He hadn't realized it, too busy thinking about not dying, but this was exactly how he had 'died'. Of course Tony would be thinking about that.
“How long have you been puking?”
"You ok?" Clint asked, noticing the blood, grimacing as it started to drip onto his face.
"I'm fine. We shouldn't keep everyone waiting any longer" fixing Maria on his hip, he led the way, using his soldier walk. Head held high, shoulders back, eyes straight. He could do this. He wouldn't break down, not now. This was the moment he had been waiting for, but also dreaded. Approaching the ball room doors, he nodded at the two men keeping guard and they nodded back before opening the doors.
"For gods sake Stark, I've seen you diffuse a bomb without breaking out into a sweat. Put that arm under her to support her and just bounce her on your hip to keep her content" she adjusted Maria in his arms, and Steve couldn't help but sneak glances at them from the corner of his eyes. Maria was starring at Tony with an unreadable expression on her face as she tried to figure out who the stranger was. Tony just starred back, but Steve could see the apprehension leave him and the love take over.
“How long ago did you sleep with him?”
"The head or the heart" he answered without hesitation. It was basic military training, you go for the head or the heart straight on because it's a quick death.
“It’s the only plan. I can’t exactly post photos of me, the last thing I need is Ross figuring out where I am and what I look like, and sending his minions after me. Besides, I won’t be alone. I’ll have Nat, Bucky, and Sam”
parasite? He'd be fine in the end. He'd much rather be in his bed where he could hide under the covers and slowly drift away. He was still debating on whether or not he would abort it. It was still small enough that if he did it wouldn't feel any pain. If he chose abortion it could be easier; he's a war criminal, he doesn't have time to change diapers and play patty cake. When he thought about it like that, abortion seemed like the best choice. But, there was a part of him that screamed at him to let the baby live. If he killed this baby, he was killing off every connection to before the accords. He would be cutting the string that tied him to the past.
"Tony, we can work on this first thing in the morning. Clint, Nat, and Nomad should all be checked over by a doctor just to make sure they are ok. Especially Nomad, who knows what sort of strain was put on his muscles" none, but no one knew that. Tony looked ready to argue, but stopped as he looked around him, almost like he was seeing the destruction for the first time. Majority of the building was still standing, but the rooms right where the bomb had been were blown away, and sections of the wall surrounded them. Obviously, H.Y.D.R.A had just meant to scare them, not kill.
"I didn't tell him about his parents, I could have killed him in Siberia, and I didn't tell him about his kids. All Tony did was react to everything I did"
"Go" he ordered Nat and Clint, nodding his head towards the opening.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You're breaking my heart sweetiepie"
"And have you? Processed?" Steve picked at a loose thread from his t-shirt that was becoming longer the more Steve pulled but it offered a pleasant distraction.
"Congratulations Steve! There's a little girl hiding in there!" well that didn't make any sense. How could a baby have two genders, that wasn't- oh
"Stark! Get your ass up here and hold your daughter" Steve shot a panicked look at Nat, who smiled reassuringly at him.
Tony thought as he worked,
Yay, progress!
Thank you guys so much for the wonderful reviews! It makes writing this story so much easier, knowing that I have people who like it.
"But honey bun"
“Help me up” he ignored the look Bucky gave him at his request, not being able to handle seeing the added concern that swept across his face because Steve never asked for help, and held out his hands. Bucky helped steady him when he started to wobble and Steve shot him an appreciative smile.
"This definitely had something to do with Steve's death. Why else would there be a bomb in an abandoned base? They are waiting to take out the rest of us, in the same way they took out Steve. We have to get back and-" Tony rambled before Bruce, who had de-hulked and was currently pulling up his pants, cut him off.
It still hadn't set in yet that he had to refer to Tony as his ex. Also he probably couldn't call him Tony anymore, could he? That was a nickname and nicknames are reserved for friends. But the thought of calling Tony Stark or Anthony sent a bad feeling through him. Stark was the owner of a company, Anthony was a troubled teen with shit parents, but Tony, Tony was his.
"You don't" he finally admitted, and that was honest. Tony couldn't know that he was a good person without proof, and Steve had none of that.
"If anyone of us actually viewed you as a threat do you think we would keep you around? Hell, Clint introduced you to his kids after a month of knowing you because he trusts you that much. We met his kids when we met you for the first time, aside from Nat. You're a good kid, and I hope that my daughter will grow up to be like you" Wanda let out a sob as he spoke, but he wasn't finished just yet. Looking Wanda in the eyes he delivered his final line.
“Brats” Steve smiled fondly, but left them to their devices. They were content, that’s all that mattered.
“Ya Cap?” Sam turned to face Steve, trying to pretend that that hadn’t just happened especially in front of his friends.
“Ya I’m good” Sam lowered his gaze to his plate, picking up his hotdog to give him something to do. He could feel everyone’s gaze still on him, but it was Bucky’s that was the most intense. He was saved from the situation when Maria threw her ketchup covered grilled cheese across the table, drawing everyone's attention.
“Bathroom is through that door. Pee on the stick and give it a few minutes. We’ll give you privacy” the doctor smiled, but it was almost pitying. Like she knew how Steve was feeling inside. Steve took the test without saying thank you, which must have really showed how he was feeling. Steve was always polite. He avoided looking at Bucky as he walked into the bathroom.
"Come on Nomad, it's about time you saw the tower" He couldn't help the grin that spread across his face, because Tony was allowing him to finally come to the tower. He could finally go home for a short while.
"I'm not taking either side. I'm taking the side that will make you both realize you're morons in love"
Steve sat crumpled on the floor, head in his hands tugging at his hair. If Tony had ignored him or blew up at him, he said he'd be fine. That at least he could say he tried to get a connection with him again, but now Steve realizes he is a fool. Because he'd never be able to just brush off Tony, and Tony hanging up on him cut pretty deep.
The first punch startled Steve. It sounded like another bomb going off. If there was another bomb, they wouldn't survive. His phone hadn't buzzed again, so he assumed H.Y.D.R.A was waiting to see what happened. Although, with the fire and explosion, the cameras should all be wiped out.
"Aw, don't we get to hear the juicy gossip?" Tony whined, scowling when Rhodey hit him in the back of the head. "What? I like knowing things"
"Grab James" Steve scooped up Maria and balanced her on his hip. "I'm probably going to call it a night as well, so good night everyone" he smiled at the people in the room, who offered him a 'good night' back, but did not glance up from the tv where The Godfather was playing. It was one of the first movies Tony had made Steve watch, apparently it was a cinematic masterpiece.
"Please sugar bear, you know you love me. It's in our best friends contract that you have to" Tony said winking at him and Rhodey shook his head.
Everyone had been fully supportive of him, all wanting to be there for him. Sam was thrilled to be an uncle, he wanted to also be god father but that was an argument for another time. Wanda was excited to have a baby around because that would be someone who would never have experienced what her powers were like before she got control of them so they wouldn't look at her with fear. Nat was a secret baby lover and she was already an aunt, so her family that she had found was continuing to grow. She'd never be alone again. And Bucky, while Bucky was nervous about having a rugrat around him while he was still mentally unstable he was so happy for the punk everyone had once said would never get laid.
"You ready for today?" Steve asked her, because while today would be tough on him he knew it would also be hard on everyone else involved. Wanda's back stiffened after he asked, but she didn't stop to look at him, choosing to focus on the buttons.
"Why did I ever think I could do this?" he whispered defeated. Tony was quick to put a hand on his shoulder, bringing the attention back to him.
The phone was ringing.
"Cake will be served in a bit. After cake, we will do presents" T'Challa told everyone, and Shuri chimed in from beside him.
"Language" Tony winked and left. And in that moment Steve knew that no matter what the future held, no matter what happened now, they'd be ok.
“You should have seen me in the beginning. I was a mess” Steve laughed at some of the memories that surfaced. “I used to always dress them in the wrong clothes. Maria would be in overalls, and James in a bright pink dress. Or I would mix them up sometimes, like put James in the overalls but give him the jeweled flower headband, and Maria in the dress paired with a blue baby baseball cap”
It was as if the ceiling could hear his thoughts, as at that moment the part above them collapsed. He had heard people say that in a life or death moment the situation had slowed down. It had never happened to him, until this moment. The section of the ceiling was slowly dropping down on them. Clint and Nat were squirming and shouting, trying to evade it. Tony was shouting trying to figure out what the panic was about. Thor was trying to reassure them he had Bruce and was flying him over.
"No, I'm not. Since I got the serum people have been trying to capture me to either drain me of my blood or recreate the serum. I can defend myself. They can't" Steve wasn't sure what he would do if anything happened to his kids. Avengers never killed, they beat the enemy down until they couldn't move, and threw them in a cell where they would never be released. However, if anything happened to put his children in danger, he wouldn't hesitate to break the unsaid code.
"Steve called" Tony collapsed in his seat, tired of pacing and Pepper let out a quite 'oh'
it was a small joke between the two. As long as Steve called her her majesty, she would call him captain. "But unfortunately I can not stay. I am needed elsewhere. Good luck" she told him before leaving, two maids following after her. She didn't hide the 'good luck' because she was a Queen in her home country, what was anyone going to do if she offended them? The room grew silent after that, nobody knowing what to do. Steve didn't know what to do. Did he go over to Tony, or did he wait for Tony to come to him?
It felt like home.
"Sorry we're late. James didn't want to get dressed" his voice only broke once as he spoke, and he considered that a win.
At 4:57 pm February 2nd Steve Rogers gave birth to two healthy babies.
"A little" Tony answered honestly, and Steve took a seat on the floor knowing this was going to be a long conversation, and he wanted to at least be comfortable physically because verbally he may not be.
Putting Maria down Steve decided to make some lunch. He turned on the tv, and Dora came on the screen. It was an older show but both kids were fascinated with it. Steve hated it. Seeing both kids content he went into the kitchen. When T'Challa designed the house he made it so that there was a window between the kitchen and living room so while Steve was at the stove he could still keep an eye on them. Deciding to just cut up some fruits and veggies for the kids he went about the kitchen getting plenty for them to eat. Steve hadn't noticed if they had inherited anything from the serum, like fast metabolism but they did eat a lot. When they were older maybe he would have some tests run to see if they had anything else.
"This is Nathan Carron. He was found dead in an alleyway in France two weeks ago which is where him and his wife were vacationing" Shuri explained pulling up the mans picture. He looked young, maybe around his own age. He had dirty blonde hair, blue eyes and had wide shoulders.
"When Tony and the others are all gone we'll head out. He's not leaving for a few days so that gives us time to set up a plan that doesn't involve my kids loosing a parent" Steve said using his Captain's voice, and without waiting for an answer turned and left the room. He could hear the whispers behind him but he kept going, wanting to get home to his babies now more than ever. He was right when he said everything was going to change, but he didn't imagine to this extent. Someone fell into step beside him and without having to look he knew it was Nat.
and then he dragged them all out, where they actually got to know each other, and Steve was able to apologize for what he had said when he was under the sceptres influence.
Steve looked up from where he was cutting up a banana. James was holding the remote in hand, pushing buttons and the channel had changed to the news. Putting down the knife Steve went into the living room and grabbed the remote from his son, who seemed to now be trying to take it apart. Maria started to cry over the loss of her precious Dora.
"How you feeling today punk?" Steve looked up from his sketch pad as Bucky entered the living room. Steve had stuck to drawing throughout his pregnancy and it helped keep him calm and happy when things got to be to much. He finished shading the flower petal he was working on before closing the book and facing Bucky.
looking at his kids Steve knew everything was about to change for all of them, because his mind was made up. Grabbing the cell phone from the kitchen drawer with nothing else in it, he dialed the only number on the phone hoping Tony would answer.
"The boy's name is James-"
"You have one of those?"
"Steve should stay here. He leaves and it's only a matter of time before they find him" Sam said as if Steve wasn't standing shoulder to shoulder with him.
There was a bomb under the blanket, with the number
So I don't think I'm going to add Bucky. I don't know, I think the story would work better if the Winter Soldier didn't exist. Unless someone has a cool way I could add him in. I'm open to suggestions
"Oh shit, no. Maria, you shouldn't" Tony looked at Steve helpless, and Steve laughed. Now he understood what everyone had seen on his face when they were first born. He thought they were exaggerating the panicked dad look, but he now realized it was actually a thing. And he could finally understand their laughter every time they saw it.
and that was that.
"When I'm finished eating I can watch over the kids, allow you to actually eat something while it’s hot" Nat told him, and he quirked an eyebrow. Usually it went unsaid that that's what they were going to do. She curled her lips upwards, and that's when he realized what she was doing. She was trying to bait Tony, and as always it worked.
"I mean, I figured Tony would make you godfather over one of them. I just chose for it to be Maria" Steve shrugged like it wasn't a big deal, when in reality he was freaking out. He wasn't even sure that he wanted the godfather/mother thing to ever be brought up. He named Nat as Maria's godmother and Sam as James godfather, Bucky being an honorary one, and when he couldn't pick two more he realized he couldn't because Tony was supposed to. So, he let it be and never gave Maria a godfather and James a godmother. And it wasn't ever supposed to get out, until his big dumb mouth ruined that.
"Yes Vis, it is just a joke" Wanda told him. Maria clapped her hands together at the adults antics, and Steve cooed at her.
They had moved into the cabin T'Challa had built for them and Steve loved it. It was secluded from the rest of the kingdom, but not hard to get to if people wanted to visit. Bucky, Sam, Nat, and Wanda all had rooms in the house but they weren't always there. Steve had taken a break from missions, but the others hadn't. They were still hunting down Hydra bases all over the world and reporting in to Steve. That's currently where they all were. Steve still went out sometimes if they were desperate or had a huge lead. Shuri or Adia were always up for babysitting which helped out a lot.
"Shut up Wilson. You dip your french fry in the ketchup, you don't cover them" Bucky argued back and Steve smiled fondly at the scene in front of him as he looked at everyone. Sam and Bucky were sitting at the table arguing about french fries, Natasha was reading a book in the adjoining living room, and Wanda was watching tv.
"Ok big guy, punch right here. Not a full punch we don't want the entire wall to break on one try. We can't get too close to them or you could cause the entire wall to collapse on top of them. Thor stand beside him; if any of the wall seems like its going to break and cause more harm then not, grab it and throw it far away from here. We need majority of the wall to collapse toward us, not towards them" Tony ordered. It seems between him and Nat they had taken over as leaders of the team. He was proud of them.
“What the hell is going on out here?” Rhodey exclaimed, walking into the kitchen to see the twins crying, Steve looking ready to cry, Tony starring in shock, the counter broken, and the frying pan starting to release black smoke as whatever was cooking was starting to burn.
"Barnes killed my mother, you hid that from me. You took your shield and brought it down on my chest, you could have killed me. What am I supposed to feel sorry for?" Tony growled, his anger flaring, but he kept his voice low so not to disturb the twins or the company downstairs.
"Bucky was a prisoner of war for almost a hundred years. He was tortured everyday and forced to do things he didn't want to do. Tony was in Afghanistan for three months, and still he has nightmares and PTSD to this day. I'm not trying to say that Bucky went through worse because everyone goes through things differently, but don't you think Tony should understand little bit better then most? The only reason he doesn't is because it's a personal matter. You were trying to protect Bucky. You lost him once, you didn't want to loose him again, and I understand that. If it was Clint, I'd do the exact same thing. And Tony would too if it was Rhodey. Why should you apologize for something you know Tony would do if it involved Rhodey?" Nat gently told him but still with a steel voice trying to get him to understand, but he didn't.
“I didn’t mean it in a bad way you know” Steve told him quietly.
"No" Steve instantly disagreed, because it didn't make it right. "But it did make it safe" And safety overruled right every time now. Maria had reached James, and Steve waited to see if she would play peacefully with him or if she was in a mood.
"You don't scare me Barnes"
"Oh no Rogers, we are not doing this. We are not on joking terms" Steve nodded despite knowing that Tony couldn't see it.
"To-" dial tone. Tony hung up. Steve dropped the phone and cried.
"And what mistakes are you talking about? The creation of Ultron? That's one of the reasons you went along with this right? You built something that blew up in your face, and you think we all have to pay for it" Tony looked at him like he couldn't believe he had just said that, and Steve knew it was a low blow that he almost wished he could take back. He knew how much Tony blamed himself for Sokovia, and he did have the best intentions when it came to building the robotic nightmare.
Thanks to everyone for the reviews:) I didn't want to post the last chapter without posting this one, because no one likes a cliff hanger, so here you guys go. Enjoy
"Thanks" it was a step in the right direction. His eyes had even started slowly fading from the green they had been for the past couple of weeks back to their natural brown. Steve tightened his gloves and followed after Nat and Clint, who were already halfway to the door. Inside there were three ways to go; left, right, and straight.
"Ya I see you have another arm. Surprised they would make you one" Bucky froze as Tony's words swept over him. But before Steve could jump in and defend Bucky, or possibly defend Tony from Bucky, it was Sam who jumped in.
"Wait for him to come to you. He could be waiting for the right moment. Remember, this was all just sprung on him two weeks ago" Nat told him still holding Maria, and Steve nodded.
"Sure, give me the devil child while you keep the good one" and it was true, James was patiently waiting to be fed while Maria just helped herself.
"So, what is the little boys name?" Nat asked. "I can't keep calling him bud" Steve took one look at his son, and knew the name he chose was perfect.
“Absolutely not”
"Tell you about it later" she continued to stare at him, before nodding and walking back over to Vision.
Steve’s ears turned red at the look Tony gave him, but he smiled back and continued with what he was doing.
"Get out of there!" it was Thor this time, and god damn it he was trying. Kicking open the closest door he ran in and slammed it shut behind them, figuring if they couldn't get out they may as well try and get somewhere for cover. He wished he had the shield, this wouldn't have been so stressful if they could have all hidden behind it. Practically throwing Clint into the corner (he'd apologize for the bruises it would probably leave later) he dropped Nat on top of him and then shielded them both with his own body. He would be the shield.
"Hey" Tony grabbed his chin and forced him to look at him. His eyes were filled with determination, so brave and strong. "Nothing, and I mean nothing is going to happen to them. Only a fool would try and steal our babies. Not only would the two strongest superheroes, don't tell the others I said that they might hurt me, be out for their blood, but they'd have every other hero following right behind them. We may have all broken up and we don't agree on things, but if there is one thing I'm certain we could all agree on it's them" Steve had never felt more in love with the man then he did in this moment, when he was talking about protecting their kids.
But Tony. God did he regret what he did to his husband. He should have told him about his parents, but he was in such a good place and Steve didn’t want to set him back. He stopped drinking excessively and he slept for at least five hours a night and he ate at least two meals a day. Steve didn’t want to ruin what he had finally become. And it's not like he knew for sure that Bucky had killed his parents. Ninety nine percent of him was sure,but he had desperately held onto the one percent that said he hadn't.
"Tony, are you there?" Steve's voice broke as he spoke, really wishing that Tony would say something. Finally, he heard someone take a breath, sounding like it was their first breath in a while.
"If you want you can feed Maria small bites. She really likes sugary things, so she'll probably enjoy the icing" Steve told him already feeding James a small bite, and Tony nodded.
his mind told him, and he sighed. His mind supplied him with his own childhood abuse. Hiding in closets and under the bed when his father came home drunk. It was all pointless, his father always knew where he was. And, if he was caught hiding the beating was worse. The first sign that his father wasn't ok was he started coming home angrier. Was this a sign that-
Tony laying on the cold stone floor under him, Steve straddling him but it wasn't intimate or playful like usual.
"Six seconds!" he shouted, tightening his grip on Nat as she started to slide down his back.
"Fuck you" Tony spat at him, but Steve kept going. It was like word vomit at this point.
"Ok. I'm going to go find my friends, and tell them the change of plans. Pepper and Happy will probably go home, but Rhodey might stay. We'll tour the palace, I hear the princess has a lab that's supposedly better then mine. Doubt it. You should go have that meeting with King kitten, and then after maybe you can take me to your house" Tony stood up and pat him on the shoulder before making his leave.
“Two weeks”
“She took it hard in the beginning. When I told her I was having twins. She still thinks about Pietro a lot, misses him everyday. But, her connection to the twins is deeper than that. It’s the same reason Nat is so good with them. They never really had that growing up. That sense of comfort, of belonging, of home. I guess in a way Wanda is re-enacting what she wished her childhood would have been like, while ensuring the twins have it. Plus, she makes an awesome older sister to them” The kids would grow up viewing Wanda as their older sister. They may not be blood, but they were family.
"Get enough alcohol in this guy and he'll do anything you say" Tony clapped Rhodey on the shoulder who shrugged him off.
“You in there punk?” Bucky snapped him out of his thoughts by gently knocking his knuckles on the side of his head, and Steve offered him back a forced smile. He was becoming a pro of the fake smile and laughs.
"So maybe my subconscious pulled my hits" Steve shrugged, because he was not a good guy in this situation. Why couldn't Nat see that? She groaned in frustration.
"Try not to play with their minds" Tony spat at Wanda, who's eyes flashed red at the implication that she would hurt either of the two.
"And what about you?"
“Are they close? Have they narrowed it down to this area?” Tony was already itching to start tracking H.Y.D.R.A agents and take them down.
“Well guess what Steve? I can’t lose you either. I’m just getting you back” Tony stroked his cheek, and he leaned into the touch. “So if you’re fighting, I’m fighting. And I don’t give a damn if Ross sees Iron Man fighting alongside you, we can cross that bridge when it happens” and the way Tony said it, so determined, told Steve it would probably be easier to convince Bucky to cut his hair then it would be to stop Tony.
Perhaps god was punishing him for what he did. Steve didn’t regret what side he took and if he knew the outcome before the ‘war’ he’d still stand on the side he did. But he did regret dragging his friends into his mess and ruining their lives. Clint and Scott were lucky to take a plea deal and be with their families, but Nat, Wanda, and Sam were wanted and had to hide with him. Deep down he knew it wasn’t his fault, they were adults and could make their own choices, but that’s who Steve was. He takes all the blame and guilt and puts it on his shoulders. He’s Captain America, that’s what he does.
"That's good. No sneaking off to a broom closet" Wanda gasped as she spun around to face him, cheeks already turning rosy.
Leaning forward Steve grabbed his fork and took a bite of his pasta.
Maybe one day Tony would meet her, and hear that Steve had named her Maria, and it would show Tony he truly did love him still and they could work towards a better future.
"Partly. And after Rhodey. You and I both had a James by our side through everything. I wanted our daughter to have that as well"
“I was going to defend the mixing up of the clothes, but Steve, how do you pair pink and blue items? How did you not realize?” Tony laughed, following Steve out of the room, who was leading them to the kitchen.
"Tony?" the line was silent. Steve couldn't even hear anyone breathing. Had Tony pocket dialed him somehow?
“Language” Steve responded, voice quiet but teasing. Tony fondly rolled his eyes at the memory, but his gaze turned sharp shortly after.
“It’s risky. If you catch them off guard you have the upper hand. But, you don’t know what every H.Y.D.R.A agent looks like, and every H.Y.D.R.A agent knows what you look like. Most likely they’ll attack first, giving them the upper hand” Tony didn’t like it. This plan was to risky, to many mistakes could happen. And H.Y.D.R.A would capitalize on any mistake they could. Give them an opening, they take the shot.
Finally after what seemed like forever, but was really only like twenty minutes, the phone was fixed. Turning it on, he watched the screen light up and dialed the only number on the phone, holding his breath until Steve answered.
"Haven't heard you laugh in a while. Almost forgot what it sounded like"
"I can still hear him sometimes" he voice was so broken, and Steve wanted nothing more then to wrap his arms around her and shield her from everything. "When he first died I was always scared that I would lose his voice. That one day I would try and remember him and it would all be blank. But with my telepathy I used to go into his heads sometimes to talk. When we would be in separate rooms. And because of that my mind will never forget what he sounded like. And I don't know if it would have been better to have forgotten what his voice was like" she looked at Steve with a look that pleaded with him to help her.
"Please, like that old asshole could ever get into my systems" and that sounded like the old Tony, his Tony, that he couldn't resist saying it.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I just, I don't know what to do, you know? Obviously I don't want to stay in Wakanda forever, or keep them hidden from the world, but I don't see any other choice. I want them to have a normal childhood, but I don't think that they can" Steve turned his attention back to his son, and stroked his cheek. Why did he ever think the kids would have a normal and happy life?
"You do not need to call me that,
"No Tony"
"As much as I love listening to us breath, what the hell do you want?" what did Steve want? The answer was pretty obvious but he couldn't say it. That would only make the situation worse.
Tony Stark waking up without being told to?” Steve hid how happy he felt over Tony actually waking up to help, with sarcasm.
"Buck, I'm thirty nine weeks pregnant with twins. My stomach is the size of a beach ball. Sleep isn't possible" he gave Bucky a pointed look, who just gave him a look mixed with amusement but also sympathy.
"Hey Tony" Steve managed to stutter out, immediately diverting his eyes to focus on his chest which turned out to be a worse decision then if he continued to look in his eyes. He couldn't see the reactor under the suit, but that didn't stop the thoughts.
"Not much to see outside the tower. No one to go and visit" Steve closed his eyes as he gripped the knife tighter in his hands, and he felt it start to bend. Biting his lip so he wouldn't cry out he took a few seconds to compose himself.
"Unfortunately I don't think you'll be getting much sleep for a while. Babies need a lot of attention" Bucky had read every book he possibly could on pregnancy and on infants. It was very sweet. Bucky had decided that he wanted to really step up for Steve and these kids. He felt responsible for the accords, and what happened with Tony so he felt that it was his job to really be there for Steve. He knew he would never be able to replace Tony, and he didn't want to, but he would make sure that he wouldn't let his best friend go through this alone.
"You left me in Siberia, freezing and in pain" Tony countered, but Steve could see some of the fight leaving him. Perhaps Tony was as tired as he was.
“Here you go buddy. Take slow bites” he spoke as if James could understand him, but James was to pleased to have the grilled cheese back to care about anything else. Looking over at Maria he laughed as he saw the ketchup smeared around her mouth.
"It was always what we talked about. I pick one, you pick one. Didn't seem right to change that. Nat's Maria's godmother, and Sam is James godfather. I figured you would name Rhodey and  Pepper as the other two" he really didn't want to stare at Tony the entire time he spoke, but he found that he couldn't look away. The way his eyes grew slightly damp as Steve spoke was captivating.
"Beg your pardon?" Tony asked, wondering if he had heard her right. Replacement was actually saving their lives?
"Enough" Steve snapped, finally at the end of his rope. Wanda's eyes turned back to their original colour, and she grabbed Maria and quickly left the room. Tony glared at Steve.
The toilet seat was cold against his forehead, but Steve Rogers couldn’t find it in himself to move. He had been puking on and off again for the past two weeks, and it was the first time since the serum had been injected into him that it was happening. And even though he was bigger now it still took everything out of him. Literally. He remembered growing up, how he would puke every other week from whatever illness he had managed to pick up, and he had hoped he would never have to experience it again.
“I don’t mean to pry, well actually I do, but do I get to know what this important meeting was about yesterday?” the mood in the room shifted as Steve was reminded of the meeting. He hadn’t given it much thought, to busy with Tony, but it was something he would have to get a handle on.
"He's a good man. Why wouldn't they make him a new arm, after you took his old one?" Sam put himself in front of Bucky, and Steve thought that was a better shield then even his old one. Because Sam would rather drop dead before he let anyone near Bucky who had threatening intentions. The shock on everyone's face that didn't know how close Sam and Bucky had gotten almost made Steve laugh. He would have in a different scenario. Tony looked back and forth between them, trying to work something out in his head, as if they were one of his formulas.
"Happy birthday to you" everyone had joined in singing now, and the cake rolled closer to the group. Someone, he guessed it was Bucky, squeezed his shoulder from behind.
"They all look like you Captain Rogers. H.Y.D.R.A must know that you wouldn't have stuck around in the country you are wanted in, and that you most likely changed up your look" they wanted him. This wasn't a new thing, H.Y.D.R.A was always after him wanting the serum or to just torture him. And he always welcomed them to try, because Steve was just that much better. He remembered the elevator situation very vividly, it was one of his prouder moments. But that was all before Maria and James. Now, he had so much to loose.
"How would you manage a search like that?" Steve asked, because like Bucky said H.Y.D.R.A was good at killing people. If they didn't want to be found, you wouldn't find them. You'd be dead before you realized someone was in the room with you.
Those stupid accords had ruined everything. While Tony didn't agree with everything on the accords he did agree they were necessary. And even if he didn't agree what could he do? He couldn't run away or go against them like the others. Unlike the others he had responsibilities outside of being a hero. He had an industry to run, if he left who knew what would happen. Another Stane incident probably.
“I heard a bang and a shout, is everything ok?” Wanda met him in the hallway followed by Vision, looking very intimidating with her fingers sparking red and her matching pj’s that were covered in hearts, paired with her bed head.
"Or if Rhodey ever got captured while he was in the military and he became a different man, would you turn your back on him? After Afghanistan, if they had broken you and made you like Bucky do you think any of us would have left you? No right. Well, that's how Steve is feeling" Tony sighed as it all sunk in. It didn't make it right, what Steve had done, but he was starting to get it.
"I'm going to put the kids to bed. You want to join Tony?" Steve asked. It was pointless to ask, because Steve knew Tony wanted too, but he wouldn't do it without Steve making the first move. After dinner they had all moved to the living room to watch some tv for a bit. It was nearing nine and way past the twins bedtime but all the sugar they had consumed had kept them awake. Finally they had passed out on the floor cuddled up to one another.
"Sorry princess, dads over rule you" and oh boy, the phone did his voice no justice. Hearing his voice in person after such a long time sounded like a beautiful song. It was a bit scratchy and wasn't as upbeat, but it still sounded amazing. And he didn't correct what Steve had said, so Steve knew he must still prefer chocolate. Tony shot him a shy smile when he caught him looking, and Steve returned it.
"But I thought" Tony said glancing at Nat, Wanda, Sam, and Bucky when he couldn't get more words out. Steve had considered making the four the godparents, but it wasn't right.
"Steve is also right here" he raised his hand as if they couldn't see him. "What am I supposed to do, sit here quietly while guys who look like me get killed?" and everyone who knew Steve knew he wouldn't stay down. When he was smaller he never backed down from a fight, why was now any different, especially because he could actually hold his own now?
Oh my goodness everyone, thank you all for the kudos
(See the end of the chapter for
Maria clapped her hands as Steve took the picture, before crawling away to bother James who was very concentrated on his castle. Sensing what was about to happen Steve instantly scooped up Maria knowing that the little devil would find it more fun to knock the blocks over.
“I figured” Bucky crouched down behind Steve and rubbed his back in what he hoped was a comforting gesture. He was still getting used to comfort and how to express it.
I just want to let everyone know, this story doesn't follow a specific timeline. For example, the Daredevil timeline isn't followed like it is in the show.
Hey everyone, thanks for checking out my newest story. I have another story called Finding our Happy Ending and if you're a fan of that story I just want to say that even though I'm starting this story that one isn't abandoned.
"Ya, I did" they grew silent again, and Steve didn't know what else he could say that would help Tony. There was one thing, but he wasn't sure if Tony would want to. But this was all about starting something together, meaning no more secrets and lies. Plus he'd never know unless he offered.
"Ya, sorry about that. I just, I just needed time. To process. Everything"
"This is it Buck"
“So you’ll be safe here?” Tony knew instantly from the way that Steve looked away that he wouldn’t like what Steve was about to respond with.
Two chapter updates in one day?! Insane. I don't know when I'll be able to update again because this weekend is a little hectic for me, so I want to post while I can. Also it has been brought to my attention that this story sort of seems like an anti Tony story right now, and I would like to say I swear it's not. While this story is not accords friendly, this is not going to make Steve look like a saint and Tony the devil. But right now we're seeing everything through Steve's eyes, so it wouldn't make sense for there to be any pro Tony's side right now because Steve believes Tony is wrong. Steve is going to make mistakes, Tony is going to make mistakes. Not one of them will be better then the other in this story. Also just wanted to say I don't know if this story is going to follow Infinity War and Endgame, and if it does I'll be changing things
The thing that sucked about missions now was that he wasn't Captain America. He didn't have his blonde hair, clean face, and blue, red, and white costume. He wasn't the perfect American apple pie dream anymore. No, now he was Nomad and Nomad had dirty blonde almost brown hair, and a beard like Thor's. He wore dark grey's and had no shield. That's who he was now. When he wasn't with his kids. With them he was still Steve Rogers, and that's who he would always be.
"Why does everyone keep asking me if I'm doing ok? I am literally holding up a ceiling right now, so no I am not doing so great" if he wasn't a superhero he should have become an actor. He was selling his role very well. "Sorry, but can we please move past checking up on me, and instead work on getting me out of here?"
"Talk to me, where the fuck are you?" the room was heating up, the fire from the bomb right outside the door. Hopefully the fire wouldn't enter the room and burn them to a crisp.
A faint knock on the door took him out of his head, and he was tempted to ignore it, but when he heard Tony’s quiet ‘can I come in?’ he knew he couldn’t.
"Seriously Barnes, were you raised in a barn?" Sam said in a voice most would think was gruff but everyone who knew Sam knew he was only joking. Bucky looked up innocently from where he was practically inhaling his second hotdog, the first one have disappeared before he put his plate back down.
was left unsaid, but it was what Tony was thinking. Steve had seemed nervous when he met back up with Tony after the meeting, and Tony had assumed it was nerves due to talking to Tony. Maybe it was actually due to the meeting. Was Steve in trouble?
"Now, it's been a rollercoaster of a day for both of us. I say we get some sleep, I have a feeling these brats are up at the crack of dawn, like someone I know" Tony glared at him teasingly, Steve rolling his eyes in response.
“Steve, they aren’t scared of you. They aren’t even going to remember this when they grow up. I promise”
"What is it? What happened?"
not about to shoot you, or to make sure I haven’t called Ross’s men in? Because you still don’t trust me? Is that why you were going to hide this? Because if that is what you think of me, then let me tell you-”
"One of the things I've picked up on. Not fluent, but I know enough. But that's not what you really want to talk about, is it?" Tony let out a humorless chuckle.
But there was still the accords problem. They would never agree on the accords. Steve would never sign them, and no matter how much he loved Tony, Tony would never change his mind on it. How would he tell Tony about the kids? If anyone ever found out that Tony had one year old kids it would be very obvious on who's kids they were. Everyone knew Tony loved Steve and would never have cheated. If anyone ever found out about the kids, it was only a matter of time before General Ross caught wind of it, and then they'd probably be able to find him and everyone else. Bucky. No matter what happened the government would never let Bucky be a free man. Was it really worth everything to tell Tony?
"Yup. I don't know how many, but more then one" Tony needed a drink, which is why he grabbed the bottle of half drunk whiskey and started drinking it straight. "He never told me! How could he not tell me!" he finished the bottle in seconds, but he needed more.
"So you've given him the James curse? For shame Rogers" and it wasn't that funny, but hearing Tony joke around with him in that teasing tone of his, sent Steve into a fit of giggles that he couldn't stop. It was almost like old times. After a few moments he managed to compose himself and cleared his throat.
The other question I get asked is, is Bucky and Sam going to get together? And all I can say is, WinterFalcon fans should end up happy by the end of the story.
"Nice job" Nat said, which also meant 'thank you'. He had gotten good at reading the Black Widow's hidden meanings.
"Sorry baby girl, here you go" Steve hit a button and Dora was back on the screen singing with that stupid monkey. Putting the remote up high so James couldn't grab it Steve went back into the kitchen. Tony hadn't left the tower in months? He's drinking again? No Iron Man?
It was getting ridiculous, the feelings he was getting for Barnes. He disliked the man a lot in the beginning, and liked to rub it in his face when Steve would go to him instead of his supposed best friend. Bucky was mean, cold, and couldn't take or make a joke. He used to be anyways. Then he started to change for the better, back into what Steve called the Bucky from the old days. Bucky was still mean, and cold, and couldn't always make or take a joke but it was different. He was actually trying to be better. Unfortunately the torture he endured was too much to just be cured in a short period of time, but he was making progress. Sam's not sure when the line between disliked and liked seem to overlap but he found that he wasn’t as annoyed by things Bucky did that always use to annoy him.
"What did he-"
"Honestly, I don't know. I wouldn't blame you if you did. But I think I'm more concerned of Ross somehow being able to do so" Maria grabbed a block from James pile, and examined it in her hands. Maybe she just wanted to play with the blocks for once.
Please, please don’t let it be positive. Steve peed on the stick and sunk to the floor, wrapping his arms around his knees as he waited. His stubble that he hadn't shaved scratched his jeans as he rest his cheek on his knees.
“So” Tony started when the silence had continued for a few minutes. “You still want to give me a tour of Wakanda?” And Steve smiled and found himself nodding his head.
"Don't view this as a punishment from god because of what you did. View it as a gift" she stood from the table and squeezed his shoulder before she left, leaving the bowl of pasta in front of him. This was her way of making him choose. She wouldn't force him to eat if he didn't want to, but if he didn't then that would be his answer on if he would abort the baby.
"Godfather?" Rhodey choked out, looking like he had just been electrocuted with how wide his eyes were and the way his mouth dangled open.
”No James” he sighed pulling the grilled cheese away from his mouth. He looked at Steve betrayed, blue eyes already starting to water and lip trembling so Steve hurried to give the food back to him after he ripped the grilled cheese with his fingers into an even smaller piece.
"I'm not apologizing for the accords. There are things I have to apologize for, I know that. But you can preach your damn accords until you're blue in the face. You won't change my mind" Steve crossed his arms across his chest, and Tony breathed heavily through his nose. It was like a dragon, getting ready to blow fire.
"That would be great"
"I'm here" his voice was strained, and Steve imagined he had either been yelling or crying before this phone call. Maybe a bit of both.
"Do I?" Tony whispered, and he looked like he didn't believe it. He didn't know how to respond, because how do you prove to your ex husband that you almost killed in a fit of rage that you were a good person still? You couldn't.
I promise they will get back together soon
"Bucky and I were talking" Wanda wiped her eyes as she sat up to face him. "We were thinking that after the babies are born, we would keep our distance" Steve furrowed his eyebrows at her. Keep their distance? Why would they do that? His confusion must have shown on his face, because Wanda answered his unasked question. "Steve, Bucky and I have done a lot of bad things. We've killed people. We shouldn't risk the babies well being with us here"
“Looks like your rash has gotten better” Steve told James happily, as if he could understand. The past few days James had been battling a harsh diaper rash, that had left the boy crying in pain when it first started. Thankfully, T’Challa had the best rash cream ever brought in just for James. And if he did have a part of Steve’s healing factor, that would help as well.
Two years. It had been almost two years since the Civil War, and almost one year since the twins had been born. Everyday they did something new that made Steve's heart burst. They were starting to figure out how to walk. Both could stand up for a few seconds and sometimes they'd be able to take one step before falling down. James could say 'Dada' while Maria was still content to make gurgling sounds and clap her hands when she wanted Steve's attention. And they were the perfect blend between Tony and himself. Maria had blonde curls on top of her head and big brown eyes. She had also gotten Tony's mischievous smile, that even at almost a year old she had mastered perfectly. She would be a little terror when she got older Steve could already tell, not that she wasn't one already. James had brown hair that liked to stick up most of the time and clear blue eyes. He had Steve's look of innocence, and Steve knew Maria would drag him into trouble, and James would always follow. The curse of being a James. Maria preferred to make messes with some home made baby paint, and James preferred to make things with his building blocks. The two of them were the perfect mix of Tony and Steve. They were simply perfect.
"Ya" he whispered, knowing the wheels in Tony's head were spinning.
He tightened his grip on the ceiling, the force of the punches causing it to shift, and crack dangerously, like it was going to break into smaller pieces.
"Then you must hate me all the time. Listen Tony. I'm tired of seeing you drink every night. I'm tired of running this company by myself because you can't be bothered anymore. I'm tired of seeing you heartbroken. I'm just tired. So, either call Steve back or don't. Either way, work yourself out Tony. I love you" and with that, the fearsome Pepper Potts hung up the phone, leaving Tony in silence with only his thoughts.
"I'm so proud of you!" Steve looked up from James, and realized where he was standing. They were so close that if Steve slid his leg up a little more they would be touching. When he looked down, he wasn't surprised to see brown eyes already starring back. Swallowing, Steve spoke to the man he loved for the first time in person in two years.
Tony’s voice started to rise, only controlling the volume when Maria whined in protest.
"Not to rough Maria" Steve scolded gently, and he could feel Tony lift his gaze to him, but Steve turned his attention to James who was squirming impatiently.
"Wanda you listen to me" he was using his Captain voice that demanded the person listen. "You and Bucky are two of the greatest people I know. These kids will be lucky to have you guys in their lives. Never, ever doubt yourself again" Wanda looked at him in disbelief, eyes still watery but no longer crying.
So really, it wasn't that big of a shock that this would be the way closer to his teammates. It had been a week after he spoke to Matt, and everyday he had walked with a pep in his step, and a smile hidden underneath his stoic face when he was around H.Y.D.R.A. Of course he mentally yelled at himself; a week ago an innocent lady was killed, but he couldn't help it. It was sick and wrong of him, but he was so excited to finally have some form of hope.
"Are you two?" the implication was clear, and even Steve was a little curious to hear the answer. The two of them were so secretive, the only one who might know would be Nat because what didn't she know?
"I'm here" Steve whispered, all previous thoughts flying out the window. Normally he would joke and say language, but this wasn't normal. Steve didn't know what this was. They sat in silence for a few minutes, both just listening to the other breath before Tony broke it, unable to take the silence.
So as you can see this isn't going to be a quick makeup. We've got a long way for these morons to get back together.
“I went to you first yesterday Maria, it’s James turn to be first”
"Don't want to keep everyone waiting" Steve whispered and Tony nodded, turning to face the candle that was starting to burn out. Steve knew what he would wish for, and he hoped that wishes really did come true from candles, and even if it wasn't his birthday. Together they blew out the candle and their audience cheered. Steve smiled clutching James tighter to him.
"It's a boy" cheers from Sam and Bucky and pouts from Wanda and Nat. "And a girl" they all stopped and starred at Steve processing what he said.
"Ya, I am" Wanda suddenly sprung up from the couch, and Steve worriedly looked at her, noticing the way her eyes were starting to well up with tears.
"Goodnight Tony" he gave Tony one last smiled for the night.
"We need to get out of here. The roof is going to collapse soon, but we can't use the door. Got any ideas Iron Man?" Steve asked, hoping the genius of the team had already worked something out. But all was quiet on the comms.
Picking himself up off the floor he went to see what his rugrats were doing, and despite his mood couldn't help but smile as he saw them passed out on the floor, cuddled together. Picking them both up he cuddled them to his chest as he brought them to their room. He admired them as he walked; they really were the most precious things to Steve. They made everything ok.
"Keep looking" Tony barked back at him, and Steve sighed.
"No matter what happens today, you remember you are a good person. And if Tony says anything to you, you can be damn sure I'll be stepping in" Wanda shot him an appreciative smile as he said that, and he returned it. Lifting James up Wanda rested him on her hip and faced Steve.
"Kids got good taste if she's copying me" Sam had a retort back but he found himself in a trance like state as Bucky spoke, eyes drawn to his lips wanting to lick the sauces off himself.
"You want me to apologize?" he said the words like they tasted funny in his mouth, like he couldn't wrap his head around what Steve was asking.
Tony didn't have the kids because Steve had never told him about them. So scared of Tony trying to take them away he hadn't really thought about it. He knew Tony, Tony would never do something like that. He let his fears take over him, and it hid him from the truth. Tony was a good man.
Sorry for the wait, I just started my first year at college so chapters may be slower. I'll try and upload once a week
The others had been great throughout the entire thing. After getting it through everyone's heads that they were all good enough to be around his children they had all become more comfortable. Wanda took him to every doctors appointment he had and would follow him around everywhere in case he needed help, Nat watched birthing videos with him and taught him how to change a diaper having done it with Clint's kids, Sam took him for walks around the palace when he grew bored, and late at night Bucky would sit with him and offer comfort. Even T'Challa and Shuri had become involved. Shuri made things that Steve would need, and T'Challa had surprised him with a house he had built in the forest surrounding Wakanda. It would offer the family privacy to be by themselves when they wanted it but also keep them safe within the Wakandan borders. Until the babies were born and a little bit older they would stay in the palace though, close to doctors. Even Clint and Scott had sent him letters to congratulate (Steve didn't know how the letters got to Wakanda, but T'Challa assured him it was safe), and that the second they could they wanted to meet them. Clint was more because Steve was family and Scott was because he wanted to meet the Captain America's children. Fanboying like never before would take place.
"I could have stayed home and caught up on some research" Bruce grumbled, taking a seat on a rock, crossing his arms like a child who had been placed in timeout. Of course by research he meant trying to dig up more dirt on what happened that day at the apartment. As much as Bruce didn't like turning into the hulk, he liked being useless even less.
Tony sat in the common room a glass of something strong in hand. Pathetic right? Almost a year since everything took place and he was still drinking, because that was the only way to make the pain stop for a little bit. He couldn't sleep in the bedroom anymore. To many memories. To be honest there wasn't many places he could go without thinking about everyone. Especially Steve. Tony wanted to move, and sell the tower but he couldn't bring himself to do it. Then he would have nothing of Steve's.
“She uh, she really seems close to the kids” Tony said, keeping his gaze centered on James and not on Steve.
"Oh god" Steve breathed tears welling in his eyes as he realized. He had caused this. He had broken Tony down, something he swore he would never do. That was literally something in his wedding vows, when they were starring at each other. They both wrote their own, and one of Steve's lines were
“Damn it” Steve hissed, rubbing a hand over his face. He could hear Maria and James crying, not expecting the loud and scary noise, and Steve wanted to beat himself up. He was just messing everything up this morning. He walked over to them to try and calm them down, but they flinched away from him, and Steve felt his heart break.
"Well Tony and I are the parents of the birthday babies, and we want chocolate for him and vanilla for me. Kids can eat off our plates" Steve told her, and momentarily froze as he realized he had ordered for his ex and volunteered him to feed Maria. But he was saved by the man himself who joined in on the fun.
"You wish princess" Nakia teased, and that got everyone to ease up and start socializing. All except for Steve, and he could guess Tony wasn't comfortable either. Wanda set James down on the floor, and he cutely fell on his bum straight away before crawling away.
"You're having twins?" Nat asked smiling as she spoke. If you ever wanted to see the deadly Black Widow smile, just mention kids. Not the snot nosed brats who cried at everything, but the angelic ones who would worship the ground Nat walked on. Those were the kids she liked.
"Unfortunately James is correct. After we heard that H.Y.D.R.A was involved, we-"
"Twins?" Steve was breathless as he looked at the screen. He could faintly see another blob behind the main one that he never would have noticed before, and it really was like his baby girl was hiding.
“It’s open” he called, voice a little shaky as he tried to calm himself down. Tony walked in, and immediately sat down on the bed beside him, not bothering to tiptoe around him.
Rogers
"You do know me Tony. Everything you know about me is real. It's the real me, and I'm sorry, god I'm so fucking sorry and I don't know what to do. Tell me what to do"  Steve felt his throat start to close, and it was harder to breath.
"I'm not hungry" he muttered, harshly shoving the bowl away from him. It rolled to its sides for a couple of seconds, dangerously close to spilling, but then settled. Natasha took a deep breath through her nose, in what he assumed was a way to calm down and not lash out. He had seen Bruce do it a few times when a situation might make him a little green.
"Не обещаю" (No promises) he told her back and she chuckled, before leading them out of the room leaving only Tony and him. He sat down knowing this was going to be a long, and angry conversation.
"What? No, Pep I would never" how could she ever think that he would do that. Pepper was his second oldest friend, falling short behind Rhodey, how could she ever think that he would do that? Did she really think that low of him?
"They're so small" Sam whispered as he held Maria. Nat was holding the boy, while Wanda and Bucky were by Steve's side both refusing to leave. He had been in wars and fought numerous battles, but nothing had drained him like this. He had screamed, almost broke Sam's hand when he tried to comfort him, and cried until he couldn't anymore, but it was all over now.
"Enjoy your Dora" Shuri grinned and Steve fake glared at her retreating back. Adia, Okoye, and Nakia followed them out after their own hugs goodbye, which just left the Avengers. Well, former avengers. Without T'Challa there was no civil ground in this room, no one to separate them from fighting.
"How long has this argument been going on?" Steve announced his presence, although it was probably unnecessary. A super soldier with advanced hearing, a trained spy, a military air pilot, and a witch that could hear peoples thoughts were not people you could hide from. No one could ever sneak up on any of them, and the thought made Steve feel relived. If anyone ever tried to get near his babies, they wouldn't get very far.
Their room was half pink and half blue, making it look like a cotton candy monster had thrown up everywhere. Putting down both babies in their own cribs he went back to the living room to tidy up this mess before they made a new one. It was impressive how they made it look like a tornado mixed with an earthquake blew threw every room they entered.
“Can you” Steve waved his hand at the twins, knowing it should be him comforting his kids, but he couldn’t. Not when they were scared of him. Before Rhodey could answer Steve was already leaving the kitchen, heading to his bedroom.
"Oh my god, you did it baby boy! You took your first steps!" Steve picked up James and kissed his cheek, and James clapped his hands together, like he was applauding himself.
"There's always news reports on me" Tony tried to sound indifferent, but Steve saw right through it. It was almost like he was ashamed that Steve saw something like that.
"Half hour ago maybe. We were going to send you a message, but figured we may as well just wait and not make your walk anxious. He brought Colonel Rhodes, Vision, Pepper, and Happy. Shit Steve, he brought the whole crew, the only one he forgot was that spider thing" it didn't surprise Steve that Tony had brought everyone; they were his support people. Wanda was looking at Steve worriedly, for both herself and Steve, and Steve nodded assuredly at her.
"Fuck" Bucky muttered, and really that's exactly how everyone felt. H.Y.D.R.A would never stop looking, it was only a matter of time before they realized where he was. And until they found him, more people would die.
the brawn. They could never capture him, but his kids had just turned a year old. They were easy targets, who had no fighting chance. If Steve messed up then...
"We will get him out, you just focus on getting yourselves to safety" Thor told them as he moved into the room, coming to stand as close to Steve as possible. "Are you alright Nomad?" and he couldn't help but to snort.
kill you. You're a human being and you were angry. We've all felt that black out anger, when you can't focus. You can do a lot you don't mean in those situations. I know you wouldn't have meant it if you had killed me, just like I wouldn't have meant it if I had killed you, but with how angry you were, ya it wouldn't surprise me if you had" they sat in silence, neither knowing just what to say. He could see the wheels turning in Tony's head, like he was trying to work out if what Steve said made sense. Finally, after what seemed like a lifetime Tony sighed.
"We'll figure it out. I want to be a part of their lives. If I have to come to Wakanda to see them so be it. Now, what would you say if I asked to stay in Wakanda for a few days instead of going home like I planned?" Steve grinned at Tony, happy beyond words.
"Good bye trouble makers" he smiled at the kids who were close to falling asleep and walked out of the room.
His phone buzzed again.
"After your mother. You always said that's what you wanted the girls name to be" Tony went quiet again so Steve decided to keep talking. "They don't look like twins, but they do look like a mix of us. James is older by eighteen minutes. He has your brown hair, but my blue eyes. He likes to build things and take things apart, but he's got my shyer personality, and a more innocent look in his eyes. Maria has my blonde hair, but your brown eyes. She likes to paint things and make messes, but she's got your devilish personality. Even mastered your smirk at only a year old. They are both a handful, but I wouldn't trade them for anything. I could send you pictures after this, if you'd like" Steve offered, knowing Tony would want some.
“I’ll be right with you baby” Steve called over to her, setting James down on his change table to take care of his diaper.
"I just want you to know, one of these is my god child" he told him and Steve chuckled. As much as Steve wanted to make Bucky the godfather he knew the safest option would be to make it Sam. Bucky would always have a target on his back. At least Sam was less known, he could disappear easier. He just wasn't sure how to bring that up without making Bucky believe it was because of his Winter Soldier side. He could always make Sam godfather of one, and Bucky of the other but he couldn't. Tony was supposed to name Rhodey godfather of the other. That's how it would have been. Steve picks two, and Tony would pick two. It was obvious who Tony would pick. The two people who were always by his side; Rhodey and Pepper. And in a perfect world Steve would name Bucky and Nat as his. But there he goes again with his wishful thinking.
“Oh Punk” Bucky sighed as he took in the sight of his best friend, crumpled to the floor on his knees a shaky and sweaty mess.
"Yes" he whispered, and Tony nodded his head slowly lips scrunched together.
“Ok” Steve finally agreed, not wanting to fight any longer.
"I don't even want to think about if I would have killed you trying to get to Barnes. I do know how angry I was, and I wanted Barnes dead" it seemed like Tony had a point to his thoughts, but it was taking a while to get there. It was kind of like watching someone solve a math problem. Right now Tony was working out the equation, trying to find the answer.
"I know baby girl, Daddy's changing the channel back" Steve assured her, but couldn't find himself to do it. He needed to hear what else the lady had to say.
Everyone had gathered in a semi circle, Nat at the front holding Maria still. Would that woman ever put her down Steve did not know. He walked up to stand beside her, and she studied him as he stopped. He tried to give her a genuine smile, but who was he kidding? Nat seemed to be struggling with a decision, before turning to shout behind her.
Shortly after Steve started to barbecue the dinner the others all showed up. The atmosphere grew more tense, especially when Tony and Rhodey realized they were outnumbered. It made Steve wonder if they had the suits hidden away somewhere, waiting to be called upon at. moments notice. At the dinner table Steve sat at the head, James to his left and Maria to his right in their highchairs. Bucky and Sam sat on the 'boys' side as it had been dubbed, while Nat and Wanda on the girls. With the addition of the new three the table fit the amount of people it was supposed to; Vision sat beside Wanda, Rhodey beside Sam, and Tony at the end facing Steve. Steve wondered briefly if they were back at the tower if this was how everyone would sit. They would have to get another table extension to fit Clint, Bruce, and Thor.
"Can we get back to the godfather thing" Rhodey jumped in grabbing everyone's attention.
"Tony, we'll be back in a bit. You gonna be ok?" Rhodey asked looking between the two of them and Tony waved his hand dismissively. Rhodey nodded and gave a sharp look at Steve that had so much meaning in it.
"Bucky, you and Sam can take the stuff back to the house, Wanda and Vision you take the kids, no broom closet, Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy I'll show you guys around to buy these two some time while they talk" Nat told everyone. No one disagreed with her plan, even if some wanted to. Like Steve for example. But he knew this was inevitable, he had to talk to Tony eventually. It's just, without anyone here, there was no one to hold the other back. Wanda walked over to Steve to pick up Maria, Vision following behind to grab James. Despite being robotic, he was actually pretty good with kids.
"Hey, none of that. That's not the Cap I know. I get it, this isn't an ideal situation, but we are going to figure something out. I'm not going to turn my back and make you deal with this on your own. I may have just entered their life today, but I feel so protective over them. I can't and I won't abandon them. Or you" as much as Steve wanted to revel in this progress, the tingly sensation flowing through his veins at Tony's words, he couldn't let it continue without knowing.
Wishful thinking.
"You sleeping any better?"
why hadn't Tony apologized for anything? Steve genuinely thought that Tony had nothing to apologize for. Steve was so used to being selfless, and taking the blame for someone else he hadn't realized that he was covering up the truth. And the truth was he wasn't the only one who should be sorry. Why wasn't Tony also apologizing?
"She may have just turned eighteen, but she's still a kid. She's
“All done” Steve blew a raspberry onto his stomach. He could never get enough of the sound of his kids laughter. Picking James back up, he turned to face Maria and Tony. The little girl had calmed down as Tony started to rock her, but she was still staring at Steve intently, as if saying
"Would you side with Clint against Bruce?" and god Steve could smack himself in the face, because the look that washed over her face was awful. Nat didn't do heartbroken expressions, but this one was pretty close. She didn't say anything, just thought about it for a few seconds a wide range of emotions flickering across her face.
“And me” Tony said seriously, but Steve shook his head.
The room was decorated beautifully. Pink and blue balloons were scattered across the floor, some in the ceilings along with streamers. There was a table full of presents, and another full of snacks. The dining tables either had a blue or pink table cloth on them, and there was two giant one balloons. The floor was spotless so that if Steve put the kids down they wouldn't choke on anything. Everyone had truly outdone themselves.
"So is Vision coming?" Steve asked as they left the cabin. It was decided that the party would take in the palace ball room, because it was bigger and had working staff members.
"Tony?" he asked, wondering if the fire had somehow spread and killed the two in the air.
“A bit of a mix, although if I eat something I usually puke it up. And certain smells can set it off” the doctor looked up at him for a second as if studying him, before she lowered her clipboard and looked at him with a new look.
"You're supposed to sit here and be a father" Bucky told him, giving him that look he used to give when he knew Steve was thinking something stupid.
"We're ok, shit, Nomad saved our lives" Nat said into the comm in shock, like she couldn't believe he actually would. The way she was looking up at him from where she lay, only proved his thoughts that she really couldn't believe it. After their treatment of him, they probably expected him to trip them so that they would burn.
But despite how perfect the room looked, the company inside was anything but. There was a clear divide in the room, Team Cap on one, Team Iron Man on the other, and Team T'Challa in the middle. And then, Steve saw Tony and it was so cliche, like in one of those movies Wanda loved, but it actually seemed that time had stopped. Because there Tony was, in a fancy black suit and tie, sitting at a table between Pepper and Rhodey, Happy across from him. His hair had gotten a few more strands of grey in it, and his eye bags were still very prominent, but to Steve he looked perfect as always.
"They are one hundred percent perfect"
"I've been decent. I'm taking care of myself. Some days I don't feel like rolling out of bed, but they make it worth it" he admitted honestly because some days he really didn't feel like getting up. He just wanted to lie in bed and cry, or pretend for a little while he didn't exist anymore. But then the kids would need him, and he'd be fine for a while. "What about you?"
“So what did you mean by the distraction comment?” Steve ran a hand through his hair, as he thought about how to answer, before saying
It really wasn't that heavy for him, but he didn't want to seem like it was easy for him. Sure, they had seen him lift a pole out of the ground, but he had struggled with that with the beating he had taken so they thought he had some super strength but nothing crazy. It wouldn't look suspicious if he had some super strength, many heroes did, but too much and they would start to get suspicious. Few could actually match his strength, one of those people being a god. If he started to lift cars and stopping helicopters they would know who he was. So, in order to prevent that he had to act like this was heavy for him.
Holy cow guys I'm so sorry for the wait. Thanks to everyone who commented asking when the next chapter was going to be, it really helped motivate me to get it done.
"I think they look adorable" Queen Ramonda gracefully walked over, and smiled at everyone.
“Don’t. Don’t even finish that sentence. You are nothing like either of our fathers, and you never will be” Steve stared into Tony’s eyes, and slowly found himself nodding. If Tony said so, then it must be so.
It was almost time, and Steve couldn't wait. Soon his babies would be here and despite knowing the pain he would most likely endure from having to push out two babies, he was ready. At thirty nine weeks, he knew it was only a matter of time.
They still had a lot to deal with; figuring out a way for Tony to be active in the kids lives, figuring out how much of the serums capabilities they would posses, and H.Y.D.R.A being on the lookout for Steve. But for the first time in a long time Steve would go to bed feeling completely happy.
"But what about Wanda and Barnes?" Rhodey blurt out, still in shock. Being in the military, then being a superhero, then becoming paralyzed made it seem like Rhodey was never supposed to have kids in his life. Certainly not his own anyways.
"Doesn't every human have a heart?" Vision asked in confusion, looking around like how Steve usually does, waiting for someone to explain.
“NO!” Steve yelled, slamming his hand down on the counter and watched in horror as it cracked. Not enough for it to fall apart, but the entire counter top now looked like a spider web, lines going in every direction.
After getting out of bed, and going to the bathroom, Steve went to the kids room, knowing they would be awake.
“Don’t get used to this. These babies will not change me. I’m still going to sleep till noon everyday” but even as Tony said this, Steve, and probably Tony himself, knew it was a lie. The impact their kids were already having on him was noticeable.
"Steve?" It was Pepper that spoke, her voice unusually quiet and not at all like the fierce Pepper Potts, CEO of Stark industries. Steve blinked his eyes a few times, to snap himself out of his horrid memories. He hadn't realized his eyes had started to fill with tears. Pepper was looking at him with concern, and while Rhodey and Happy tried to look indifferent he could see the hidden worry. And Tony, Tony was just starring. If Steve didn't know Tony like the back of his hand he would say he didn't care. But Steve did know Tony, even after two years, and he could tell the man was worried. And seeing Tony's worry, over the memories Steve just had, made him want to run back to his cabin and curl under the blankets and never leave again. Because Steve didn't deserve it.
"Maria?" Tony whispered like he couldn't believe Steve would still name her that after everything.
"If I truly believed in the side Clint was on, absolutely. Or if Clint ever asked me to have his back, as long as it didn't include taking over the world or seeing how many magnets we could stick to Barnes arm before he noticed, I would even if Bruce was on the other side. Because that's what best friends do for each other. Clint is my Bucky, and Bucky is Tony's Rhodey" the answer was zero by the way. Because as soon as Clint picked up the magnet, Bucky was on to him.
"Sure" he lead the way to a table, surprisingly walking well while holding a baby and a plate of cake, and Steve followed behind him. They sat at a table near the back, where people would hopefully get the hint to give them so privacy.
“And what happens if something goes wrong? What if you don’t come home?” and when Tony said home, he wasn’t referring to this place. He was referring to the tower, their actual home. The one filled with all of their memories, good and bad, that he wouldn’t trade for the world. If Steve was captured, or worse, what if he never came home? What if they never fixed themselves? No, Tony couldn’t let that happen.
"You don't have to apologize for what side you chose to fight on. I said that already. It's what makes us humans, and not mindless drones. We get to make decisions and fight for what we believe in. Am I sorry we ended up on different sides? Absolutely, I wished I could have been by your side. But I can't change who I am. And I'm sorry for not telling you about your mom. Even though I wasn't completely sure it was Bucky, I should have still told you about it. I thought I was protecting you. You thought she died from a car accident, I thought that would be better for you to believe then she had been murdered. It's what I would have wanted, but I should never have assumed it is what you wanted. It wasn't my decision to make. But I am asking you, do you feel sorry for anything?" he held his breath, waiting for Tony to answer, hoping his ex wasn't about to storm out the door and drag Rhodey out of here. He wouldn't stop him if that's what he did, but he wouldn't let him back in.
"I don't want to hurt them"
“You ok? Did you want something else?” Steve asked, stopping when he saw the expression on Tony’s face.
"How was the meeting?" Wanda stood up and walked over to Steve, clearly sensing his distress. He shot her a smile that was very obviously forced and she frowned.
"Don't discredit yourself. You're doing great" Tony scooped a spoonful into his mouth, and Maria looked at him as if she had betrayed him. She decided that that was unacceptable and grabbed the cake in her tiny fists and started to eat it, smearing it all over her face.
"Why'd you call Rogers?" and why did Steve call? He hadn't though about what to say. It was a spur of the moment kind of thing, he saw Tony in trouble and he reacted. But what was he supposed to say
“They have it pieced together that I am not in America anymore. But I don’t think they are close to figuring out I’m in Wakanda, and even if they did, this is probably the safest place in the world to be” unless H.Y.D.R.A planned on storming Wakanda with undefeatable monsters, they weren’t going to get in.
"The girls name" Steve blurt out before Tony could say whether he missed the sound or not, not wanting to hear the answer, "is Maria" Tony was silent, but Steve knew he was still on the line. Steve was willing to sit in silence with Tony until he was ready.
"Steve, this could all go wrong. You have kids to think about now" Nat told him, trying to get him to see reason. And he was thinking about them. When wasn't he thinking of them? He was thinking about Maria's smile when she saw him first thing in the morning, and how James's eyes lit up when the tv would turn on. But those people who were being killed simply because they looked like him, probably had families of their own that they would never see again. And Steve Rogers never stayed down, and he never let others fight his battles. This was the one reason he hated being a father; the amount of danger he put them in from being who he was, and also the fact that something could happen to him and they would grow up without a father. But he couldn't just let other kids loose their own fathers simply because he wanted to be selfish and stay with hidden.
“Mr. Rogers, I understand you were married to Mr. Stark” Steve couldn’t hold back his flinch at the ‘were’ “I have to ask. During intercourse were you the top or the bottom?” Steve felt his face flush, and he knew without looking into a mirror he probably resembled a tomato. Many assumed that Tony would be the bottom because of the size difference, but truth was he was not. Tony couldn't handle not being in control at all times after Afghanistan, and Steve needed to give up control. For them it just made sense for Tony to top and Steve to bottom.
And Steve. As much as Tony didn't want to admit it, he wanted to talk to Steve. Steve had always been the mother hen of the team, but Tony was starting to feel that way. Was Steve okay? Was he taking care of himself? Was he sleeping at night? Eating? He could only hope Steve wasn't dealing with everything the way he was.
"Yet you don't deny there being a best friend contract?" Nat asked arching a brow joining in on their teasing.
Also, I did update a few chapters so if something doesn't make sense (Nomad) that's because I just added that in a few chapters back.
"He's already here" Sam interrupted, and Steve froze. No, that wasn't right. He wasn't supposed to be here until later, when Steve was more prepared. Not now, not when he would have to do a dramatic entrance where everyone would be starring. Tony ran by his own clock, which meant everything at least three hours late, and yet he's here on time the one day he shouldn't be.
“No, that’s not-” Steve tried to explain, but Tony kept going.
"Love? You think he loves me? He took the side of a killer over the side of his husband! He drove his shield into my reactor which would have killed me!" Tony roared, the first time he's ever shouted at Pepper and instantly regretted it. She was the most wonderful woman in the world and he had raised his voice. Maybe now she'd leave him, just like everyone else.
“If you’re with me when we fight H.Y.D.R.A I won’t be focusing on my fight. I’m going to be watching you, I’m going to be making sure that they don’t even get five feet from you. I could jeopardize the entire mission because I won’t be able to concentrate. Because if anything happens to you, I don’t know what I’m supposed to do. I can’t lose you Tony. Not again. Not permanently” what was he supposed to do if H.Y.D.R.A got to Tony? He couldn’t protect his best friend from H.Y.D.R.A, and it still hurts him to know that he failed Bucky. He can’t lose Tony, not Tony. It will destroy him.
"No" both Sam and Bucky snapped, refusing to look at the other, but the way their cheeks both heat up told everyone all they needed to know.
At exactly seven am Steve woke up, the sun shining through his window and onto his face. Steve blinked and rubbed his eyes, slowly sitting up. Despite the fact that Steve woke up early every morning, he didn’t jump out of bed straight away, wide awake and ready to do all his Captain duties. It still took him a few minutes to gather his thoughts.
"If this is your idea of a pep talk, it's shit" Steve interrupted and instead of glaring at him like she normally would have done she smiled, glad to see him attempting a joke.
"Tony" Pepper spoke gently but firmly, squeezing his shoulder in a comforting gesture. Steve tightened his grip on one of the books he was holding at seeing how close they were.
"I hate it when you're right" he told her, and he could feel her smirk,
"I think they're on their way" it took only a second before Bucky sprung into action. Helping Steve stand up he practically dragged him to see Doctor Adia and if Steve wasn't in pain he'd laugh at the fact that he looked like a rag doll. She looked up surprised as Bucky practically threw the door open, and if it was a normal door Steve was sure it would come off the hinges.
"That's what makes it so sweet" Tony joked, wincing as James woke up and gripped his finger before he could move his hand away. "Holy shit" he whispered, starring in awe at the scene. Steve looked over startled, before realizing what was happening. It seemed that all of his wishes and prayers that they would not have any of the serum in them had gone ignored.
"What all did you talk about?" Nat continued to pry, and that was one of the reasons she was such a good spy. She could never not know things, and was always looking for answers. Kind of like a scientist, but scarier and more likely to use pain to get information.
"It's ok. A good soldier is always ready for duty" Steve smiled tightly, because really on his kids birthday this was the last place he wanted to be. But the look in the kings eyes and the tone of his voice told Steve that this was serious.
“What are you puking up? Bile, food, a mix of the two?”
"Romanov, no" he shoved it back. It was childish, but he didn't care. So what if he didn't eat? He's been through much worse. So what if he has the fastest metabolism and needs to eat at least six meals a day, and so what if it could hurt the
"Nat please. I can't" he whispered brokenly, feeling a new wave of tears take over, and Nat's gaze softened.
"Of course you leave me in charge of the Satan child. You couldn't leave me with the good one" everyone laughed at the table, and it gave Steve hope that in the end this could work out for the better. Meeting Tony's eyes again he mouthed the word
"Sorry, it took a little longer-"
"Nomad is holding up the ceiling" Clint re answered. There was a roar outside, and as terrifying as it usually was, to Steve it sounded like a beautiful melody. Hulk was here and ready to smash. While he wasn't straining himself, he also didn't want to be here any longer.
"You ok?" Bucky asked noticing his discomfort. Steve started to nod but stopped when he felt another sharp cramp like pain take over. It was the worst one yet. Groaning in pain he looked at Buck in panic.
Steve raising the shield above his head and slamming it down on the arc reactor, not thinking, to driven by his anger over the situation.
"I just hate waiting, I wish-"
"Today has been a lovely day, but I must take my leave now. Anthony, you and your friends are welcome to stay for as long as you like. I can have someone show you your rooms later should you choose to stay. Steven, I will talk to you and your friends in a bit" T'Challa gave him a look that told him it was Nomad business. He nodded his head in understanding, ignoring Tony's curious gaze. T'Challa crossed his arms in the Wakandan pose, and Steve mirrored it.
Steve had started to take better care of himself to, which everyone was grateful for. He tried to get at least six hours of sleep a night, ate four meals a day, and made sure to have a full conversation with someone everyday. Of course, he still had his bad days where he wanted nothing to do with the world, but seeing his stomach gave him the strength to keep going even if he didn't want to. Because Steve Rogers was one thing above all else; selfless, and in order for this baby to survive, Steve had to survive.
Rogers" Tony purposely spit out the word Rogers. What was once Rogers-Stark was now just Rogers, and even though he's known for two years that his last name was what it once was, hearing Tony say it hurt so much worse. This was a mistake, he never should have called. This would only make things worse for himself. He can't, he can't, he-
“Sure. Grab Maria, if she sees me grab James without grabbing her she’ll throw a fit” Steve bent down to pick up James, who’s whimpers had risen in volume.
"Probably about as ready as you are" she told him honestly, and he nodded.
"Steve please tell me he apologized. Please don't tell me you sat there and took everything, apologized for your stuff, but didn't get an apology back" Steve cocked his head confused. What did Tony have to apologize for? Steve was the one who went against his husband, lied to him, and almost killed him in the base. Nat didn't make any sense. She sighed exasperated and led him over to a window sill they could sit in. The view always took Steve's breath away with the beauty of Wakanda, and his fingers itched to grab his sketchpad and draw it.
"Not that early? Sometimes I don't even go to bed until then" Steve led him out of the room and to the room he could sleep in.
It didn’t make any sense; he couldn’t get sick, and he hadn’t been hit in the stomach during training so why was he puking?
It hadn’t occurred to him that he offered to make one of Tony’s favourite breakfast meals, but Tony did. He could only watch in awe as Steve went around the kitchen, grabbing everything he would need to make the food. Tony never used to be one for breakfast, truthfully he wasn’t one for eating in general, but when Steve introduced him to breakfast sandwiches he was hooked. It was like a cheeseburger, but for the morning!
"But Nat, I almost killed him" he protested, because he would never forgive himself for that. Tony crying out in pain, the shield raised over his head, the anger in his veins. It was sickening, and Steve realized he was scared of himself. Nat cupped his cheek, and forced him to meet her eyes. If anyone were to walk by it would look like they were about to kiss. How off scale that guess would be.
His kids were scared of him.
"I was thinking about barbecuing. I think I have some hamburgers and hot dogs still" Steve used that as an excuse to go to the kitchen, and get away from everyone, but of course Tony followed hot on his heels.
"Congratulations Steve; it's a boy!" Adia congratulated showing Steve the monitor which showed the baby and Steve never thought he could fall more in love with technology then he did right there. "So that's the head, two legs, two arms and-" Adia suddenly stopped speaking as she looked at the monitor eyes squinting as she looked, and Steve felt himself start to panic.
“Come on now James, be a good boy” Steve handed him to Tony, while taking Maria into his arms. Tony was being unusually quiet, seeming content to just observe. James started to whimper, but Tony started the rocking motion he had been doing earlier.
"How have you been?" Tony asked, and Steve's heart sped up a little at the care that he could hear.
"Are you saying I need my beauty sleep?" Tony narrowed his eyes, and Steve shrugged.
"Ya Steve?"
Steve sat down beside her giving her space but still in a comforting zone. He didn't speak, waiting for Wanda to start.
So a few people have commented on Frank Castle being in the story. I know it seems weird to have him in it, but I do have a plan with him, he wasn't just a random decision. Basically, because of what H.Y.D.R.A is doing Steve obviously wants revenge. He thinks he wants to be violent and resort to killing them all, but when he sees Frank Castle in action that is going to make him question and decide who he really is, and what his beliefs and values are.
"You sure you're ok?" with us staying here, after your talk with King kitty, in general? They were all unasked, but Steve knew what he meant. And Steve so desperately wanted to tell Tony everything from the chat with the king to the chat with the black widow. They were supposed to be doing an honesty thing, to try and gain each others trust back. No more secrets, it was the unsaid agreement. He met Tony's eyes as he answered.
So a lot of people have been asking me why Tony didn't apologize for anything, and it's like you guys read my mind, because that's actually going to be a huge part of this story. There will be no Stony until Tony apologizes, because he is not the innocent victim while Steve is the bad guy. Not in this story.
“I don’t understand how that’s-” Steve cut himself off as he realized what she was hinting at. Oh shit. “Bottom” he whispered and the doctor nodded. Nobody knew when it happened. They didn't know if a chemical had been released in the air or water, or if it was hereditary but some men developed the ability to get pregnant. The first known case of male pregnancy was in 1912, just six years before he was born. Back then it was a rarity to see a pregnant male, but now a days no one even bat an eye. When Steve signed up for the military one of the things they needed to know was if he was able to get pregnant. After doing the test it was revealed he could.
"Tony" Pepper sighed, knowing he was drinking.
"The child is already doomed if that's the case" Bucky said and Sam kicked him under the table, which resulted in Bucky throwing a fry at his face. While they were having their mini fight and while Nat was looking over the picture, Steve snuck out.
"I mean, you can say no" but Steve really hoped he didn't. He wasn't only trying to repair his relationship with Tony, but also those he had grown close too because of his ex husband.
"Alright Steve, just breath. Did the pains just start?"
"What? What is it?" please don't let anything be wrong with the baby, please let him or her be ok. But then Adia broke out into an even bigger smile then before as she looked down at him.
"As a matter of fact, I do think he loves you. I remember him dragging your ass out of the lab when you were passed out drunk. I remember him patching up all of your wounds when you got hurt during a mission, because you refused to see a doctor. I remember him bringing you a coffee every morning, and bringing you meals so you would eat. Hell, I remember him punching Justin Hammer in the face after the man insulted you. And that's all before you two were dating! And yes, he tried to break your reactor which I will slap him for the next time I see him. But Tony, you know Steve. You know that wasn't him at all" damn it, she did have a point.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Throughout the night I woke up from some pain, but I thought it was the babies kicking and moving around. And this morning it's been happening" Steve winced as he was laid down on a bed. Adia put on some gloves and checked to see how dilated he was, Bucky looking away as she did a faint blush on his cheek.
“Damn straight”
“Tony, you’re a distraction, and I can’t have you there” as soon as the words left his mouth, Steve knew he should have worded them differently. The way he said it made him sound like an asshole, like Tony was a liability.
(See the end of the chapter for
"So?" Wanda pressed leaning forward over the back of the couch, and Steve was worried she would fall. He had always felt a protective urge towards Wanda, and being pregnant only intensified that.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Are you two ok?" Steve asked, looking at Clint and Nat who were showing a moment of emotions, even though it was against their spy code, by hugging each other.
The bomb suddenly sprung to life, starting to count down, and he sprung into action.
"Named after Barnes?" of course Tony wouldn't be able to let him talk without interrupting. Sometimes it would seem that Tony was incapable of holding his tongue. He said it was part of his charm. Although, Steve noticed that when he said Barnes it wasn't as venomous as it usually was. It seemed nicer. Still with an edge to it, but almost mellowed out. Like instead of a steak knife it was a butter knife.
“They flinched” Steve whispered when Tony didn’t speak. They had never flinched from him before.
"Nothing we can do. Keep taking out the bases we know of, but really that's it. There's too many H.Y.D.R.A members to ever get rid of them all" Bucky pointed out, and wasn't that the worst part of all of this. That no matter how many bases they took out, more kept popping up. It was like the greek mythology creature; kill one head, two more grow back.
"I'm a princess, and I want chocolate" Shuri demanded but it was all in good fun.
"Twins. Apparently the girl was hiding, which is why it took so long to find her" he handed the photo over to Sam who smiled as he looked at it.
"Always straight to the point. But you're right, that's not what I wanted to say. You still treat her like a kid"
"Steve tell the man he's delusional" Sam ordered shoving more fries in his mouth as he spoke. Bucky glared at him and went to say something probably not nice when he noticed the picture in Steve's hand.
“Ya, I’m here” the Winter Soldier didn’t look convinced, and why would he? He was a trained assassin forced to suppress his emotions and be able to read everyone else’s. Of course he would never believe Steve. But Steve was saved from questioning as they approached the doors to the medical room. Without knocking they walked in, and Steve hoped that that wasn’t considered rude here. They’d only been here a month and he was still unsure of the customs.
"How are you feeling this morning Steve?" the same doctor from before, Adia was her name, asked as she applied gel to Steve's growing stomach. He was five months pregnant now, and in complete awe of his stomach. Of course, sleeping was getting harder because there were only so many positions that were comfortable now, but every morning when he woke up and saw his stomach it made everything worth it. He couldn't remember how he once didn't want the baby, because now the baby wasn't even here yet and Steve was so in love.
He leaned his head back in his chair at an uncomfortable angle and let the memories over take him.
"I'd hoped this wouldn't happen" Steve sighed, walking over to 'save' Tony. He gently peeled James fingers away, and laid his hand down, the boy already passed out again.
"Brat won't sit still" Steve told her, and she gently pushed him out of the way to do it herself. James cooed as her hair dangled in his face, and he gently tugged on it. She had dyed it orange to hide her identity, and Steve liked it. It seemed to give her more life and colour in her skin and face. Smiling, Steve picked up Maria and waited for Wanda to finish.
(See the end of the chapter for
And he didn’t want to get his hopes up but it seemed like Bucky might actually like him to. He talked with him, they had inside jokes, they’d watch tv late at night when one of them couldn’t sleep. These things may seem insignificant or minor, but with who Bucky was and all he’s been through it was actually pretty major.
"Don't touch me with your dirty hands"
The table grew quiet again so Steve busied himself with feeding the twins. They were good at eating solid food with their hands, but they both liked to jam the food in their mouths instead of taking bites, especially if it was one of their favourites which grilled cheese was. If Steve really wanted to he could probably focus on his own food, but he didn’t want to chance it. Especially because he was witnessing James about to shove the entire square in his mouth.
“I know. I’m sorry I blew up like that. I know, well I hope, that you trust me”
