"I'm Cain," He whispered,
"Great," Bailey laughed, "You got yourself a boyfriend and us a doctor," She winked playfully at Abel who rolled his eyes at her. Booker rocked on their heels, hands behind their back as they looked between the group.
"Come on, man," The teen laughed, he and his friend all scampered through the large, old home with grins on their faces and phones held out. The tour guide at the front rolled his eyes, he hated this job. In the middle of nowhere New Jersey, just a few short hours from New York. His dream! New York! If only he wasn't trapped guiding idiot kids through an old, broken down home that had been refurbished as a tourist attraction. With overly flickering lights, fake stories about army men dying inside or around the building, an old cemetery with no real graves. It was all fake! Yet people came daily to be taken around the building for a half hour, see some stuff 'move' around, hear some prerecorded footsteps and go home with a video full of 'evidence' for the dead.
"I guess," Abel agreed, going to race his fingers through his hair only to be stopped by the flowers. Wincing as he felt another thorn at the top of the crown, looking at the small hole in his hand. A tiny drop of blood rolled down his palm, rubbing his hand against the grass below.
"I wanted to show you this because of this picture I found." She said, "after you two left I thought I'd look through my grandad's book to see if he had an idea on what these things are, maybe something to help mom, and I found this,"
"Yeah, Iggys face photoshopped over some biblical painting. Looks great. Definitely not click bait!"
They attempted to call his wife earlier who was little help, she hadn't seen the hunter and went to Butches home to attempt to find him as well.
“Exactly! So!” Donnie opened the laptop, typing into their twitter “You got a picture of him?”
"Are you hungry, you silly boy?" She whispered to him, Alan glanced up at her and blinked slowly. She took this as a yes, turning and walking past Sam's door once again.
"Ten more minutes,"
The group made for the front, having to show ID to an angry looking bouncer. They were prepared to explain the baseball bat and whatever weapons Donnie had stashed in his bag but the bouncer simply smiled at them turning Chamuel's blood to ice.
following the picture was a video of the same man on the poster performing some sort of ritual to heal a burn victim.
"It was his favorite and...well I've kept it in the Impala for so long, hidden, and well...I think he'd have wanted you to wear it."
Dean watched in horror as the demon continued with his manipulation, he could tell Abel wasn't sober. He could see the creature slipping all sorts of different things into drinks, putting them on his tongue and kissing the hunter, he was sneaky as he soothed Abel whenever the man would get anxious or worried. Dean felt his throat going raw as he tried to wake up Abel, attempting to push his hand into the water but something seemed to be keeping him out.
"I've done all this for you and all you can do is talk about that fucking angel," he hissed, Abel took a step back.
He pulled into a mostly empty parking lot of a small school, parking the car and shutting the lights off.
“Oh Shut up, you didn’t tell me he’d have lazer beams,”
"Abe," Chamuel shouted out, his voice echoed around him. Looking up at the horrified green gaze of the other. Abel started to tug the man, groaning painfully as the others weight far outweighed him. His fingers digging into the man's wrist as he tugged him upwards.
Sam frowned at this, he hadn't considered that. Abel and Chamuel had been in love from the start, so had Cain and Mishka. But Bailey? She hardly liked Baal, even now she sometimes avoided the demon if possible.
"Abel, he's a monster. There's no reforming for him,"
be, and that begins to answer the question. The usual view, one with a flat horizon past which the world curves away, has been replaced by its opposite: one in which the space in the distance, seen through a haze, curves
Fortunately, Cas spares him: “I suspect now that there have been times he exerted direct control, or tried to, especially in the last few years. In general maybe, but since Amara, certainly. On Jack -- on all of us.”
twin presumably alive? On the warpath or not, Castiel doubted if there was any severing that link.
“Hey, that’s my line,” Dean protests, “
“Sam--” Cas rasps the warning between coughs, not turning around. “
sensitivity, and he has to step on the leash of those thoughts before they start to drag him around in earnest. There are a million reasons he needs to keep his cool here. With a jealous, angry little churn, Dean is forced by to recall the aftermath of a terrifying night when an
for Cas, and it isn’t only Dean that stands close, there’s a supportive cluster around him as they watch the fire burn.
them, Oko. Moving on… Pomona?” She indicates.
"You're not angry, or--"
When Sam gets tired as well, Dean takes a turn at the nerve center. He’s not as good at it as Sam is, but he’s good enough to hold the line, at a bare minimum. He’s momentarily horrified to find out that Jody’s cabin is empty -- that they’re
“God himself, the almighty creator of Heaven and Earth, my father, sat at our kitchen table and told yo-”
“You don’t get to be done just because our kid takes after his parents.”, Sam hissed as, ahead of him, Dean pushed open the glass door to the restaurant.  Sam knows Dean heard him, even as he pretends not to.
“Dean?”
Jack cocked his head in a gesture he’d almost certainly picked up from his angelic father.  “What did you like about that chapel so much?”
“What if they’re not - understood or understood by both parties?” Cas looked at Sam with open, pleading eyes.
“Cas, don’t you dare, I want to earn my heart disease,” Dean warned, waggling an electric carving knife at the blue eyed, bed haired angel who was contemplatively stirring a pot over a boiler.
Dean clenched his fist, blood beginning to boil at the thought of anyone having that kind of power over Castiel. “Just over two weeks.”
“What’re you doing?,” Dean asked with a pinched expression..
“Corrected?” That was weird phrasing even to Cas’s ears.
“I remember the ride to the hospital after you fell and literally broke your ass,” Sam chided.
Cas didn’t answer, but with a now-rare sweep of his hand, Dean felt himself gently pushed three feet towards the kitchen’s exit and Cas crossed to where Dean had been standing and rifled through a cabinet drawer.
Dean sighed and shook his head.  “Anyways, I talked to Sammy about taking an odd job here and there and he was surprised. Said that I’ve never done an honest day’s work in my life and that’s how he liked me.  He’s angry too.  Please, watch over him.  Keep him safe.  Don’t let his anger get the best of him because, you know, he’s kinda the best out of the two of us.  You promised me you’d take care of him and, dead or not, I’m holding you to it.  I...I’ll update you tomorrow night.”
“Can your friend?”  Melanie asked mischievously.
“Hello, Dean.”  Castiel thought he could hear Dean smile over the phone.  “I, uh, got your message and watched the video.”
The photo reminded Castiel that Jimmy sometimes thought about his wife that way.  An angel and their vessel were connected, after all, and sometimes thoughts, images, and sounds pierced the carefully constructed wall separating the two personalities.
“I’m glad.”  Dean nodded at his boots.  Dean waited until he was sure his friend wasn’t going to say anything else. “Since you liked it, I was hoping, er, I thought maybe you’d like,” Dean broke into an awkward laugh, “It’s like I’m a teenager or somethin’.  Here’s the deal.  My friend Melanie, you remember her?”  Cas shook his head, but Dean continued as if Cas had nodded.  “Yeah, Melanie is upstairs.  Now, she and I have been, uh, special friends for a long time.  I told her all about you.”
“You alright over there?” Dean spoke for the first time in two hours.
He sniffed back a quiet sob and unceremoniously thunked himself into the tangled mass of blankets and sheets that were twisted and sideways and couldn’t be bothered to care about the lack of warmth or comfort.  It was sleep, mandatory by biology, not by choice.  “I don’t have to like it”.  Dean saw the dog’s ear perk up at the words.  “Not you.”
“Knowing us? Our luck?  Are you willing to leave town without being sure?”, Dean was looking for reassurance.
“Yeah.  No pressure, whatever you’re cool with.  You can join in or watch, or uhh, maybe take the lead?”
“I, uh, was leaving a note for Cas,” Sam gestured to the notepad on the desk with his empty hand..
“Did anything unusual happen?  Did anything feel weird?”
his thoughts impeded on themselves.  Castiel decided to stop talking.
“Show off,” Dean muttered with a smile, placing his turkey on a long counter surface and began slicing, thick jagged chunks off of the bird.  Jack joined him at the counter with a red colored, wreath shaped Jell-O concoction with fruit floating improbably in the center.
“Dean.”  Cas stood stiffly, more Angelic than he’s seemed in a very long time.  “You don’t have to…”
The younger Winchester adjusted the mirrors and seat of the Impala with a little sadness.  After growing up with the father that they had, Sam knew better than to bring up Dean’s drinking.  Sam understood that, like John or even himself, the drinking was Dean’s way of blunting the dark truths of the world and helped take the edge off just long enough to get through the next few hours without really, much worse things happening. He just hated that Dean hadn’t been able to find reason to put the bottle away for a while now.  If anything, it seemed to be getting worse.
“Sure.” Sam regarded his brother cautiously.  From the tips of his unbrushed hair to the toes of his steel toed work boots, Dean radiated sadness and discomfort.  Sam folded up Cas’s...diary, autobiography, whatever, into his back pocket and joined his brother.
Castiel smiled slightly and looked past Jack when he spoke.  “There, um, was a village just outside of where Vienna is now.  Barely a village even, a couple of families.  They built this tiny, beautiful chapel and I would go there for services.  I say go there, but,” Castiel gestured to himself, “they couldn’t see me, of course.”
“Sleep well, Sam.  Thank you for the keys.”  Castiel was already talking to Sam’s back as the younger Winchester turned back towards his room by the bunker’s library.  Castiel cast a look towards Dean’s closed door and decided he’d spend the evening cleaning the oven.
The angel loosened his tie and unbuttoned his collar button as the scene faded out and then faded back in.  The scene was reset.  The darker haired man was laying on his back on the bed.  The woman settled slowly, very slowly, onto him.  She gripped the man’s shoulders and raised her back to the sandy haired man standing at the bed’s edge.  The lighter haired man took a deep breath and slowly pushed himself into the woman’s body as well.  A quick shot showed the woman being held open by two larger than normal cocks stacked inside of her that were coordinating and picking up speed.  The woman began to make noises of distress that concerned the Angel.  She fell flat against the bottom man and gripped the sheets to either side of her.  She winced, gasped, and threw her head back.  One long sob forcefully wracked her body.
“So,” Dean nodded.
Dean nodded, remembering the fishing pier from a decade ago.  “We never talked about it.”
Castiel shook his head. “I’m sorry Dean.  Sometimes.  If you’re asleep and I’m aware, sometimes I might be able to reach out.”
“You don’t beg.” Dean shook his head, wiping away another tear.
Dean blinked his eyes, staring at his clock face.  He felt like he’d slept a week, but his clock hadn’t ticked a minute forward.  It was real.  He knew it had been, just like he finally knew what Cas’s lips felt like against his own.  His pillow felt damp and he rubbed his nose with the back of his hand.  Finally the clock ticked over and he smiled.  Dean’s head was noisy, filled with plans of everything he wanted to be able to tell Castiel the next time they spoke.
A smile tugged at the corner of Sam’s lips.  “Good night, Cas.”
Dean and Sam shared an approving nod and then Dean nodded to Cas.
“Uh no,” Cas shook his head.  “I walked and Sam and uh.”  Cas pursed his lips and looked at Dean and the ground.
“No more pills.  No more alcohol.  No more Winchester courage,” Cas smiled broadly for the first time, “I didn’t die for you to kill yourself, accident or not.”  He ticked his head to the left, like he was hearing something.  His eyes drooped and his head nodded slowly.  When Cas spoke again, his voice was more gravely that usual and he sounded far away.  “You know, I used to get so annoyed when you both summoned me all the time.  I was busy, but none of it really mattered.  I just didn’t know it at the time.  I’m so sorry.  I wish I’d known how much you were both trusting me.”
"Prove it, you can trick Iggy but not me!" Puffing out his chest the blonde teen crossed his arms over his chest, glaring down at Abel who seemed to post the biggest threat with the baseball bat still slung over his shoulder.
"We gotta call you back," Abel replied as the sound of the car's engine roared awake. The phone went dead only seconds later.
“Sorry,” He said almost immediately, noticing his anger, “I aint angry at’cha, I’m just…”
"You don't understand the shit I had to do to get that stuff," she laughed, her legs crossed over the arms of the chair she sat sideways in.
"Oh?" Arphaxat raised an eyebrow at the man, "Why would I volunteer to help you if I was going to take the necklace? Abel's like putty in my hands, if I wanted that, I'd have gotten it ages ago,"
"Yeah, I'm not incredibly sure why Faith picked it," Israfil whispered, leaning back in the chair. Donnie pretended to stroke a long beard as the group sat in silence.
He dropped his bag with a frustrated hiss as a few books flopped from the inside of the pack. Fran stooped down to help him collect the books, Sam tugged the bottle of medicine from the depths of the bag before standing.
Abel laughed, slugging Chamuel lightly in the arm causing the angel to grin wide as Abel waved the laughter away.
"This girl might be his Lionheart. If that's the case we need to get rid of her quickly," Bernard snarled.
"How do you know it's under the car?"
Jegudiel clapped his hands together, grinning at Cham. "Exactly! War is supposed to just use you, then, when you're all good and done stopping the darkness you come back here! Be one of our brothers,"
"Wait, what? What's happening?" Bailey demanded, taking a few angry steps forward.
She took the cold can from her friend, snapping it open with a smile and taking a few swigs.
"Deal?" He repeated, attempting to look skeptical to the best of his ability but he was suddenly feeling more exhausted than he'd ever been.
"Winchester? Like the boy on the news," Fran said with a tilt of his head.
Chamuel flew through the air at a rapid speed, he didn't care that he was being smacked in the face by bugs, it didn't matter to him how tired he felt. The man in his arms was fighting for his life, he knew he was. The hunter twitched, letting out painful gasped, bright red blood that was dotting his forehead and rolling down his cheeks. Chamuel felt such a deep rage towards Arphaxat he almost couldn't contain it, the urge to hunt the demon down and slaughter him was strong but love kept War in check. He had to get Abel to the hospital, then he'd find the demon.
"You are the true King," The shadow hissed, "The angels do not decide who the king is,"
"Just say she's sick, they're not exactly trained to question us," Chamuel retorted,
Donnie looked out the windows of the small minivan, it was rapidly getting to the afternoon. They'd slept too long, the eclipse was tonight and he wasn't sure what would happen but his instinct screamed for him to run. Every hair on his being was on end the longer the day grew on.
Dutch rolled her eyes, letting out a low sigh as if annoyed with the situation at hand.
Cain tilted his head, reaching forward and moving the painting back to the front. Rolling a hand over the Lion's head, letting it rest on the angel's face. His mother's words flashed in his mind "lion heart"
The inside of the oak was carved out, a building had been made to sit inside and around the ever growing tree that sat in the middle of the crisscross river. The wooden bridge raced over the water, just hardly kissing it causing some of the large wooden panels to rot.
"Talk to me, Goose," Abel whispered.
"I have a phone now, I haven't had to remember a number for years," Sam grunted in response.
"Nothing," the Winchester finally grunted out, grinning at the angel "it's nothing important, I think I already figured it out,"
"Park over there," Sam said, pointing towards the Impala. Baal nodded, following the other's direction. Parking in the same garage beside the beautiful black car, Sam hopped off. Placing his helmet on the back of Baal's bike. Racing his fingers over the side of the chevy, smiling. His smile vanished when he glanced through the front windows, he could see Abel had somehow changed around things in the front. It looks more modern, with a few flashing lights on the dash.
"This is called a Caro Comedenti, otherwise known as the flesh eater," Baal explained as he started to guide them through the home. Chamuels light keeping the place from getting too dark now as Cain and Abel remained close together.
Donnie laughed, "I feel you," he said with a grin, the camera on the screens started to turn to static as he punched in a few more codes.
"How do we do that?"
"Sir?"
"Your little boyfriend, he went to talk to Chamuel,"
"Alright, who's going? Chamuel, me, Baal? Bailey maybe?"
"How do we get in?"
Abel was far too out of it to answer the man, thinking was nearly impossible as the world seemed to hum and whisper to him as if the mountain side was alive and breathing.
"Hey, let's take a break," he chuckled, sitting up and pulling a small box from his jacket. He opened it and handed a small chocolate to Chamuel, the man ate it without a second thought.
"You better come back around, Cain, or this might not end pretty for you," she hissed out as she left the room. He watched her go before picking the paperwork back up. He ran his fingers over his great great great grandfather's picture. At this moment, he knew he had to make a choice.
"And your names...Cain?" Baal asked, looking at the man with a suspicious glance.
“Hello!? Is this Singers Salt?!” The voice shouted back, causing Abel to flinch from the sudden explosion of words. Chamuel took the phone from Abel, holding it out and pressing the video button. The two men appeared on the screen followed by the teenager who had called them,
"Holy blood?" Donnie asked, looking between everyone.
He looked at her shocked, he was handsome. He knew that, he heard it often from others as well but coming from her it was as if it held a new meaning.
"I've been treasure hunting for as long as I remember," Laszlo mused, "hunting with the other COF members. I'd be careful with that, if they see it, they might do anything to get it."
"That was so cheesy," Chamuel chuckled nervously, he couldn't stop the flutter in his stomach as Abel laughed.
"Oh yeah he's the baseball man!" Abel laughed
"Cham?" He called out, heart stopping as he saw it. The white hare. It's black eyes seemed to bore into him, staring the man down.
"Bailey Gunnr, age thirty nine, widowed, your car is still here, is that why you came over here? It's funny, your car and your bike both seemed to really enjoy sitting here on the night of the break in,"
"...Fine," Sam groaned, "Get a weapon, Cain, and Abel...if you need me just call," Abel nodded to the hunter. Holding out his fist to Cain who looked at it confused before knocking his own fist against it.
Everyone murmured to one another before Abel leapt onto the coffee table with a grin.
Chamuel stood up, pushing his hands into his pockets as he looked between the body and the head.
Israfil knew that look! Whenever Donnie was about to hyperfixate on a project he always got that look. Silently wondering what the genius had in mind before turning his eyes to Danjal. The man sat beside Robin, a large lizard on the demon's shoulders as he read a book on a large pad. Israfil had never seen such a large man in a long time, he was tall, with muscles covering his arms and chest.
"This says...Granjero is…" He eyed one of his Winchester relatives, how they'd had children with someone of a different last name. Breaking off to another branch of the tree.
"How big is it?"
“No, I got this, I’m just gonna drop them off and come right back.”
Abel felt his heart swell at the others enthusiasm, "yeah kid, I like it,"
"Why are you so worried though? It's...not like Abel will dislike you,"
Skeletons covered the area around them, they seemed to be in some type of underground tunnel that reached deep into the earth. The dead rose in numbers the more the light shone, many of the bones seemed to have started to turn to dust with age.
"Y-you can?" He asked with eyes wide as moons.
"And you say God has picked you to save us?" The woman asked him, tilting her head at the man. Cain nodded vigorously, "Oh yes, I will show you!"
"Hurry up," Bailey shouted, Baal had to quickly wash his face. The germs made him feel as if he was crawling in his own skin.
"Abel, breath, I know," Chamuel murmured, wrapping his wings around the man in a form of comfort. Abel tried breathing deep but it came out ragged, his entire body screaming at him to fight or run.
"You," he whispered, he looked past Abel and to Chamuel, then back to Abel.
"I don't know," he huffed, "the systems new, did you call support?"
"Is he…"
"You already need two, so that means you'd have needed five," Abel teased,
"So where's the betting ring on you two getting together?" Chamuel scoffed as he took a seat on the bench outside, Baal's face turned red but Bailey scoffed angrily.
Abel's smile returned, shaking his keys, "Tell me 'bout it in the car, we'll put it on the list."
"Annnnd, there!" Donnie chirped, the middle screen that had been black flickered a few times before turning on. It showed the security guard standing in her office, all the screens around her turned the woman to a shadow.
"We were just there," Cain groaned, Mishka wrapped her arms around his arm and tugged him,
"That's why we have a doctor!" Israfil laughed
"W-What? I didn't say I'd do--"
"Goose, what's your twenty?"
Israfil smiled softly at the other, putting a weak hand to the man's cheek and brushing his tears away.
Ancitif stood beside Danjal, the snow under their feet. Their breath billowed from their lips as they dug their shovels into the frozen ground below, the men didn't say a word as they worked. Ancitif shivered in the cold, the overly large yellow hoodie hardly kept him warm against the angry snowy air. It was deep in the night, he could hardly make out anything in front of his face as he worked but it didn't matter.
Danjal laughed, "You ugly son of a gun! Get back here we got shit to talk about!"
The question was something Abel had feared asking as he looked up at the other now, his eyes red from the crying. Chamuel smiled at him, brushing his own tears away with the back of his hand.
Chamuel groaned, his head pounding painfully as the first rays of sunlight dotted the skies above. They didn't need to wake up just yet but the need to use the restroom was strong. Abel had curled himself against the angel, his head pressed to Chamuel's side. Holding onto the man's arm like he usually would a pillow causing the angel's heart to leap.
With one more slam the creatures broke through, the world moved in slow motion as she raised her gun and shot. The Adinkra around her neck glowed bright, golden light sparked from the bullet as it slammed with force into the first body and ripped it apart. The bullet smacked into the body behind it, causing both of the monsters to explode. The sludge landed on the group but not a soul stopped to acknowledge it.
"So, let's get started!"
The group froze, looking up at Bailey.
"We were, now I'm talking to him about something else,"
Donnie pulled his shirt down to show off the tattoo on his collar bone. It was smaller than Abels with additional lines here and there that caused the hunter to tilt his head as he inspected it.
"Alfred,"
"Oh no, I'm not getting arrested," Mishka snorted,
"Hello, can I help you?"
Chamuel punched the other's arm lightly, Abel flinched but grinned up at the man. Turning attention to the person who worked the truck, the hunters animated hand movements and way of speaking seemed to brighten the world around him, the cashier laughing at something the hunter said before vanishing into the back of the vehicle.
"He's trying to get his soul, the Adinkra won't work without a soul!"
"Oh! My bad," she grinned wider now, "sorry, in my country gay parents are a rarity,"
"We gonna walk?" Abel asked, Sam shook his head as he reached into the back and pulled out a small backpack. He dug through the contents before tugging out a police radio, holding it up with a grin causing Abel to snort.
Silence.
As if on cue his leg turned to brilliant gold. Abel gasped loudly as the skin repaired itself, rapidly moving upwards over the man's flesh. It was a warm, loving feeling that healed his leg, the bruised ribs that he was sure rebroke, split lip and busted nose on the king. The hole in the man's leg patched up by glittering angelic light.
"Okay, we--" Bailey started, Bernard leapt at them without warning letting loose a loud, inhuman screeching. He nearly landed directly on Bailey only to be knocked back just inches before landing his sharp talons on her.
Dean turned his attention back to the puddle, glaring as he watched Arphaxat kissing on Abel against a tree. He could see Abel's clear discomfort but the demon didn't seem to care. Green eyes darting to Chamuel's puddle now the man was attempting to wake Abel but didn't seem to be able to.
"Who are you? What is this place?" Abel felt himself relax slightly at the view of another human being. Or at least, what looked to be human.
"No, us, together outside of the forest. Like a real couple,"
"Shit," Abel snarled, he couldn't get a grip on the ice. Whenever he moved he'd fall and the closer the werewolf got the more the ice cracked around him.
"I...don't know," Sam murmured.
The voice caused Abel to jump, Chamuel looked up from the phone on the table. Sam stood in the doorway, beside the hunter stood a tall, square guy with a sprinkle of hair on his skull. Tattoos covered the man's head, running down into his shirt that almost seemed a size too small making him seem larger than he probably was.
"We'll be there soon," Bailey said with a frown as she hung up the phone, glancing towards Baal with an anxious look that settled deep into her features.
The two slumped onward, not walking too far before a truck raced up towards them. Israfil held out his thumb but Donnie knocked his hand down, laughing.
Norma passed the kitchen, her bright red heels clicked against the blue hardwood as she made for the door that led into the man cave. She trotted down the steps, past the messy table and chairs, eyes dancing over the old plastic cups littered on the floor. The group had done a bit of cleaning but she made a mental note to come back down and pick up what remained.
“I have to warn him, I have to--” Slamming a closed fist on the ground he sat on, glaring into the deep, dark puddle that sat before him. He was surrounded by trees, all growing tall and dense.
Baal shot more fire from his mouth to keep them at bay but he could feel himself falling into exhaustion as his second stomach started to empty of the hot flames.
"I just had too much weed," He groaned as he staggered to his feet, holding a hand out to Chamuel who accepted it and allowed Abel to pull him to his feet. Abel wasn't sure what was happening honestly, it seemed as if whenever he was with Arphaxat he felt amazing but coming out of it he always felt awful.
Abel turned on his heels, making his way to the door. Obizuth had vanished, but the red marks remained. He snapped a few quick pictures of them before making his way back to Chamuel.
"Rooster, Good timing," Bodhi said with a nod, the man glanced around at the group. A hand on his steed, cowboy boots clicked softly.
Abel hissed in agony as her claws ripped into his shoulder but that didn’t stop him. The pain was dulled, it didn’t even occur to him to stop and check it as he continued swinging. She used her sharp, pitch black fingers to whack the bat away with easy, laughing as she did so,
They locked eyes, for a few heart beats Chamuel felt as if the intensity in the others eyes would cause him to flinch away but instead he felt a flame, as if someone had just lit something within him at that second.
“I know,” Marshall breathed, “I shouldn’t have yelled at you, it wasn’t your fault,”
Robin looked at Mammon in horror, his heart skipped a few beats but he said nothing, he shut his eyes tight. He had to think of something he--
"He flinched like I'd ever hurt him...I'd never hurt him I lo--" he paused, "he's my best friend." Bailey and Baal shot each other with a knowing look that caused the angel to shuffle uncomfortably.
"Let's talk about that later, are you okay?" War vanished as Chamuel pulled the other away, his voice soft and loving as he reached up to brush his hair out of his face only for the hunter to flinch. Chamuels chest grew tight, how long had this been going on? He recalled when he and Abel first started and Chamuel would ruffle his hair as a way to tease him about his height but now-- Abel flinched from his open palm.
He pointing to the view count as it rose, "isn't something I was prepared for,"
He bowed his head to Abel, "Issy, man, like I said. Bowing aint my thing," He chuckled, attempting to process all the information he got. Israfil grinned up at Abel, brushing tears from his eyes and wiping his nose.
"Alright, let's get this shit started," He said with a grunt,
"Do you always float?"
"And you," Baal said, flashing a smile at Abel, "I noticed you and Butch fighting. You got moxie, kid, but your punch needs some work. Lemme help you,"
Donnie smiled at him, his smile brightened the room around him. His smile was Israfil's favorite and he couldn't fully understand why. After all! He'd been alive a long time, surely he could think of a better smile?
"I think people are noticing us a little too much," the angel whispered. Abel found himself deep in thought as he drove.
“A practice?” He asked, tilting his head. Abel shot him an annoyed glance with a thin smile, gripping his glass tight in his hands. Chamuel opened his mouth to continue talking when a scream erupted from the front of the bar. It was so loud the band fell silent, the air suddenly felt cold but this only lasted a few ticks of the clock as the front door seemed to explode inwards as a large raccoon tore into the room.
'So? Love is love my dude. For a genius you're pretty stupid!'
She glanced towards Baal who stood beside her now, looking shocked.
"Pull over!" "Stop!"
"Do you want to get into my bar?"
The music continued to explode over the loudspeaker as Abel leapt at her, she screamed in surprise as the bat came down hard sending her flying backwards and knocking against the stage. A large bruise formed where his bat met her skin, she grinned at him. Spitting blood to the floor, it turned black as it settled on the wood.
“An Angel for a therapist? Like, on earth or in heaven?”
"Come on, Issy! We gotta go! This is a crime, we don't leave money,"
Baal watched Bailey step into the room, her shoes brushed the red carpet below. In the front of the church was a large, wooden altar with another cross standing high behind it.
"Don't just grab my phone," Sam hissed at Baal, "sorry, yeah we'll tell you later,"
"Besides, what rush do you have? I was dead for ages! They just brought me back, do you know how many podcasts I need to catch up with?" She snarled at the other.
"Dean?" He whispered, putting a hand on the large mirror. The sound of a loud, long winded howl snapped him back into the reality of the situation at hand. He bolted from the room expecting to see Donnie but all he saw was Norma, watching an old werewolf movie on her phone while she cleaned up the broken couch. The vacuum hummed softly as it ate away some of the smaller wood chips.
Eyes growing wide as he saw a figure glaring down at him. It's pure black body almost looked like vapor, eyes a bright white, from the way they curved he could tell the creature was smiling. His heart stopped, he dropped his phone by the surprise of such a thing. The light of his phone was now beaming bright up at him. Abel cursed, leaning down to grab the phone, it's light cut out. Leaving him in the darkness, he quickly snatched the phone and turned it on.
Mammon glared daggers at the woman standing beside him, her eyes narrowed to slits as they settled in a small motel room. A lollipop between her cherry red lips, eyes covered by sharp, red sunglasses despite the sun not being out. Soft, short red hair falling in her face.
"We don't have time to really chitchat," Chamuel said now, Dave glanced at him and eyed the angel for a few heart beats before returning the phone to Baal. The demon king pulled his sanitizer out, brushing some of it over his device.
"Hey, least we got wine," Abel pointed out, wrapping up the others shoulder with gauze once more.
Saying it was something that sent a shot of joy and pain through his chest. It was his fault Abel was even here, his fault that he got his soul stolen. Tears started to run harder, the nurse put a hand on his shoulder. She gently pushed him down into a chair before sitting on the floor in front of him. Crossing her legs under her, red hair bouncing as she shushed him lightly.
"Aww, the demon has a heart of gold,"
"Sorry, I uh, I'm fine with ever other bug but spiders?"
Mammon stopped and smiled up at Robin only to freeze, hot fear flooded his gaze as the archer shot one of Donnie's arrows. The tip of the arrow turned to bright, vivid golden light that showered the floor in glitter, the power of the arrow zipping through the air blasted the drink off the table  as the tip slammed into Mammon's chest. The demon shouted in pure agony, grace entered his system, he looked at his chest in horror. The arrow stuck out of his pecks, right beside his heart.
Robin turned to Danjal with a nod, "he needs to get used to his new senses, right now he's just overwhelmed and terrified, the small room will work great."
“Course, I studied Latin in high school, french too,” She insisted, “I almost went into Latin in college but decided against it.”
“No we’ve never fired a gun,” Chamuel said, crisp blue eyes moving from Sam to Abel.
Chamuel looked up, his eyes still glowing bright only to see Abel standing there. Having seen the entire thing, he held a very bloodied and beaten janitor.
"I think we should talk to Sam," Baal whispered, everyone nodded to themselves as they made for their cars.
Abel leapt over a fallen table, silently thanking his previous baseball coach for making him do hurdles whenever he mouthed off, and that was often! The creature bore down on Abel, the man leapt onto the counter of the bartop and rolled to the floor. The monster made contact with the multiple bottles of alcohol on the wall as it ran straight into it. Abel covered his neck and head as he was soaked with the strong smelling liquid, he could feel the glass from the bottles cutting into his back through the jacket but it didn’t bother him. The monster stumbled back, screeching in agony as it clawed at the glass on its face.
"How...did he do that?"
"Score!" She laughed, stepped into the darkness and glanced around to be sure no one was around.
It melted into the floor before the bat made contact, the weapon coming down hard on the wood. Abel stared at the spot the snake disappeared into with a look of confusion flashing over his features.
"Actually, we do want to see the dessert menu," Bailey said quickly, the man nodded a glimmer in his eyes, he turned on his heels and vanished into a door that led to the back. Bailey didn't wait to hear what Baal had to say, she leapt over the counter and pulled out her pocket knife.
"Shut up, what's this?" Sam pulled out the phone, shoving it in Abel's face. The man pushed it away, sitting up and slapped chamuel's hand.
"Good, it took us a long time to get that out of your system," Danjal replied.
Robin laughed at this now, shoving her away more playfully as he realized she was teasing him. She let the other go, lifting her nose in the air with a grin.
Sam scooted a bit closer, Bailey hesitated before pushing her hand under his. Her heart hammered against her chest.
He let his tongue roll over the demon's open palm, chewing the gummies for a few seconds. It was marijuana! He recognized the taste almost immediately, feeling his body relax from the familiar taste.
"What was your wish?" Sam asked after a few heartbeats, Bailey seemed to hesitate. Moving her gaze down to the sigil on the grass, the entire reason they had come here. She had almost forgotten! The red marks made a symbol she didn't recognize.
"A blonde... lionheart…" she whispered, her eyes danced over Abel's appearance. Horror flooded her eyes, she realized something as she looked between Cain and Abel.
"Yeah, the place was covered in them,"
"I guess we can figure out this angel shit later," Abel stuffed the paper back into his pocket, the men turned away from the doors and made for the stairs.
"Merry Christmas!" Donnie laughed, causing Robin to blink at him in surprise.
Robin kicked the wolf lightly on the right, causing Donnie to turn to the left which made Robin hiss. He kicked the right again, Donnie snarled at him.
"You cool?" Israfil murmured, his voice sleepy.
"It's cool right?" Hahasiah asked, grinning brightly.
"You can't kill us, we are all powerful,"
Baal hoisted himself into the car, his eyes moving to the flashing red and blue lights.
Cain struggled, feeling himself slip farther off the ledge. The sharp glass digging into his skin through his jacket causing him to hiss in pain.
"Chamuel," they said at the same time, leaping to their feet. Cain pulled out his wallet, he only had a few hundreds on him now thanks to the homeless folks.
"Damn, what am I going to tell memaw now?" Chamuel replied, Abel chuckled as he pressed the key into the ignition. It roared to life, the sun bright behind the trees as the two pulled out of the driveway.
"W-wait I'm not--"
"What's up?"
Chamuel dropped the religious text into the cart, “Honestly? I don’t know fully. I just know there's more than just what’s assumed,” he said with a light shrug, leaning against the back of the cart.
"Come on, we're leaving in an hour," Sam said with a tired smile, Cain followed behind the other. Making his way to his 'room' to change into clothes that he hadn't slept in.
Abel hesitated, scratching his cheek in frustration as he tried to think of what to say. The cold forest around them made the brunette shiver,
"I love you, you know that?" He whispered, this caused fear to spark in his hazel gaze. Why was he afraid? What was Abel missing?
“Course it aint your son!” The weasel man snapped, “your wifes bloodline ruined that,”
"Vegetarian! Cham, Cain, yours!" Abel said, handing over the box.
"I don't know, Abe, angels are crafty. Remember, he's filling you with love? I know a two face when I see it," arphaxat continued.
Sam laughed at this, "Well, it took me a lot of reading and studying!" He mused as she popped the last chocolate piece into her mouth.
Donnie looked at her with a shocked look on his face, "W-What?" He whimpered out nervously. Bailey grinned wide at him, looking to Israfil and back to Donnie.
"To meet my brother?" Cain asked, attempting to keep the frustration from his voice at the other. This was Sam winchester? Angel picked the dumbest people to 'save' this world, Cain mused.
Butch was starting down at Abel's forearm, tattoo gun in hand as he etched a symbol on the hunters skin.
"I'm turning it on," Mishka leapt up, racing to the large flat screen TV that sat against the wall with a hop in her step.
“You’re not a ghost, Dean.”
Chamuel snorted, ignoring his friend's sarcastic comment.
"Look, it's going to hurt but a LionHeart of magic needs to have the third eye sigil, without it you can't use your King's grace."
Abel watched the television in front of him with wide eyes, Cain was on the news. His smile filled with spitting hate, his eyes narrowed with such delight it made Abel feel sick. He stood in front of a person who was possessed by the black sludge, the darkness dripped from the fragile looking woman's lips, her eyes sunken in, her lips pulled back in an angry snarl. Her zombie-like state sent chills through his veins, his brother addressed the reporter with such wit and vigor Abel almost didn't recognize him.
"Guess not, but be on guard," Abel stabbed the shovel into the ground outside of the home. Climbing up the few steps to the front door and pushing his way inside, Chamuel did the same but froze as his shovel knocked into something hard.
"We gotta stop making humans so attractive, first Castiel now Chamuel" He groaned. Causing Uriel scoffed and shook his head, patting the man on the top of the head.
"Aw come on!" He smacked his hand against the side of the machine. Groaning inwardly, leaning back in his seat. He couldn't believe how much Heaven sucked.
"You can't stop our plans," Amaryllis continued.
"Ya'know, the wolves have been actin' pretty strange. Keep talkin' about this secret weapon? Could it be your friend?"
"Cherm! What is the meaning of this?" He demanded, though his voice held a note of fear.
"Well...I mean, most of the time people who meet my family are a little terrified." He chuckled nervously, "they...are a lot."
"Do you trust me?"
Within seconds the doors opened, a small angel with shaggy blonde locks made his way into the room. His wings small, his eyes hidden behind large, framed glasses. His olive skin shone and freckled face reminded Jegudiel of a stereotypical nerd from an old movie.
"I'm...just scared,"
"I guess...it's probably not the best stuffed toy to win after today. But in my defense--"
"And he's all you think about?" Israfil asked Chamuel groaned in response, "Chammy, I'll tell you what you told me all those years ago,"
“Well, it was fun while it lasted,” He snorted,
"Abel,"
The sound of a crow echoed around them but this didn't stop either of the hunters as Abel held his bat in his right hand, Cain holding his golf club in the left.
"I don't get it, you...guys kissed and you freaked out?"
“You’ll need to read these... And these,” Sam said as he piled books on top of each other in front of Abel, who sat with his legs crossed in front of him on an old beaten up couch. He arched an eyebrow as the older hunter continued to stack. Some of the books in the library were real books, printed, published and available to buy in your local store. From what Abel could see, those books were tamed versions of the second pile of books. All of which looked as though they were either printed and shoved together in a binder, written in pencil in an old notebook, or handfuls of sticky notes lining into the heart of other books.
The wish Abel had made caused the angel's heart to shatter, before Arphaxat the blonde only recalled one time the hunter had shown any form of dysphoria but the demon must have done something to make his King have such hatred for the body he was in. Chamuel handed the phone back to Sam.
"Thanks for your time, Laszlo," Baal finally said and standing up, he wasn't any closer to finding answers than they were earlier. Hahasiah said her goodbyes and the pair went for the exit,
"To what?" Cain asked with a broad grin,
"You...I saw you on the news too. Bailey, what did you get yourself into?"
"Yeah yeah, we gotta run an errand first and we'll meetcha here,”
"I should have told you,"
Paul nudged Donnie, "good with kids too,"
"How do we gank it?" She asked.
"You don't," Bohdi said bluntly, his voice held a hint of pain as she dug her claws fingers into his leg.
He looked over the bricks with narrowed eyes, waiting. It was then he noticed the lack of animals around him, not just bugs or birds, but all kinds. In fact, he couldn't recall a time when he came here and there was a single bird singing a tune in the front yard, or a raccoon digging through the trash.
"Don't quit your day job to be a comedian," Cain retorted. The two started to explore the old home, Abel checked a few doors but all the rooms seemed void of any furniture. The living room held an old, dusty couch, a few broken bookshelves and was covered in cobwebs. The men started scouring the room, Abel stopped as he felt his phone buzz against his pocket.
"I really should talk to him," Abel murmured,
"you can't say that," She looked at him with her mouth hanging out reminding Cain of a fish. He turned back to her, smiling.
"So, how do I kill it, we have the Chamulet. Now what,"
He had to open the message to read the rest but opening messages gave him trickles of anxiety, what if it wasn’t anything interesting and he got their hopes up that they’d reply to him? Shaking his head to rid himself of the growing fears in the depths of his mind, he pocketed the phone. It was his day off, he needed to get his energy back if he had any hope of stopping what was to come, possibly, what had already started.
He hesitated, "I..uh, love you too," he whispered before closing the door.
The air grew tense for a few heart beats as the man started to rub his forehead in thought, “Not that I know of, well, they all seemed to study the same things,”
"Then we fight for our lives. Either way, I think we're screwed, the only positive part of all this is that Baal is in their group. I know he'll stick up for us,"
"Because they're going to talk about it with me first," Sam huffed, "Since I'll be staying here in case anyone needs extra help. I'm going to give everyone a handful of phone numbers," he said, holding up his phone, "you call that phone number, I'll act as a parent, police chief, whatever you need."
This latest one is a lot more patient, Castiel admits.
Today, they are together in beautiful contrast - Sam’s coastal Douglas-fir standing head and shoulders above its ordinary inland cousins, and Dean’s olive, the branches spread affectionately out from the sturdy twist of its trunk.
why I brought it.” Cas says, completely seriously.
“Yeah?”
At this point, his mood had soured enough for him to lose nothing in admitting to himself that he was lost.
cursed) to a personal collector for an amount of money he’s not sure he’s ever seen in one place like this before. He gets back from the sale and announces that they’re going to the damn Grand Canyon, and he’ll brook no argument.
“You can fight left handed?” Dean pants.
And then there was light, he saw it through his eyelids like the sun coming out from behind the clouds.
a lot more likely to get close to the right answer than most people. I didn’t look him up in the yellow pages, that’s for damn sure.”
of avoiding a succession crisis in one way or another, which had to have helped.
Plus, it’s harder to hurt Cas, this way, when the unraveling begins.
writhes against the rubbery wave.
There’s no reply, just Cas leaning to one side and fishing in his pants pocket.
and, with the land they have in the countryside, they could probably even take her out on the sly from time to time. It would be a microscopic range compared to what she’s used to, but better that than to be stilled forever.
Sure, he’ll want something in exchange, but if it’s something annoying, Sam can always walk away and take care of the situation himself.
“You probably think it’s silly to start with, huh?” Dean guesses, pulling on one article of clothing after another. “Wavelength of celestial intent and all that – us humans picking some random moment to decide that a random amount of time we made up is ticking over?"
“What?”
Gauri departs again along the same path that brought her to the scene, followed by a proud Oko and a skittering, downcast Pomona, still carrying the stake.
The idea settles a blanket of quiet over the table.
“That’s as good a reason as any,” Cas says. “I feel guilty. Angels were supposed to be closer to Him. I feel as though I should have seen it. Should have known, or guessed, or... something.”
Part Two: Chrysalis | Chapter Two: Imago
In the room, there isn’t really enough space for both of their knees under the tiny table to sit across from each other, so Dean lets Cas take the chair, and he perches on the edge of the bed that’s so close it’s practically a third chair anyway. He places three cups in order of the tint of their contents: one a deep garnet, the next a golden caramel, the last clearer than tap water. After a moment’s thought, he pours the same three cups for himself, so Cas isn’t drinking alone.
“What about your powers?” Cas asks. “And your… soul?”
or a sacred place. Humans get a sense of peace, and if they linger, small ailments might begin to resolve -- a mosquito bite would disappear, a headache would pass. Demons aren’t really around anymore, with a few exceptions who largely do their best to remain under the radar, but if one were to visit, they would likely feel very uncomfortable.
The first time Dean prayed after Cas got his grace back, it was like breaking the surface after being held underwater. It was different after that, though. His feelings were undiminished, impossible to ignore the way he used to.
from Metatron?”
“Cas, you don’t have to apologize.” Dean doesn’t take his eyes off the fire. “Hell, you could have done it on purpose, and you still wouldn’t. I’m the last person you have to explain self-medicating to.”
“Are you kidding?” Dean “‘You’re gonna be the only thing missing.”
It starts when Dean sells a dagger (beautiful, with several big fuckoff gems in the hilt, previously-but-no-longer
“Don’t make me… eavesdrop, Dean, talk to me. Something’s wrong here.”
The world is busy.
“Well are they
Castiel feels, then, like he has been given wealth beyond imagining and has to laugh to stop, again, from tearing up.
Before Dean knows it, the wheels are chattering away on the familiar gravel.
“If I’m going to be trapped here,” Castiel said, wincing with the effort of keeping his eyes on Naomi’s face rather than the space behind her. “I’d prefer to have some time to myself. Excuse me. Enjoy your supper.”
Checkmate. Cas has no argument against that.
even though there isn’t anywhere to go if he did.
the only thing standing between them is a few walls. No one is dead or dying or kidnapped or possessed by anything. Even better: they’re alone.
When he opens his eyes again under the fluorescent lights, he has to blink sparkling spots from his vision.
“It’s not an
like a queen, but the party guests seem to regard her as one, even among gods.
Almost unconsciously, he reaches for the empty glass vial on a leather string around his neck, and rolls it between his fingers as he thinks.
Dean asked Castiel to text earlier, when they were driving into the larger town.
Pomona bursts into tears completely this time, reaching up under her mask to wipe them away. She says something barely-coherent through her sobs, Castiel catches the words
In some languages they’d call it a
anything, though he does anyway, trying out the little things
Dean pushes this memory aside, tries to stay present. There is a tendril of thought, something like
stupid about it.
, because there’s nowhere
A hush falls after Sam leaves the room, the only sound Cas’ ragged breathing and the rustle of feathers. Dean can’t help but look -- the wings are enormous, black and velvety, shot through with little lines of gunmetal gray in places, calling to mind myths of rocs and thunderbirds. They’ve never met or hunted either of those, though, not once, and it occurs to Dean to wonder if they’re real, or just the result of people getting an eyeful of angel.
“But you can’t.”
For a moment, in the dark, he hovers, searching (whether he wants to or not) for some evidence of whether Dean is asleep or awake.
They came around the corner of a crag, and there it was: the castle, stabbing up into the slowly lightening sky. All Castiel had to do was walk through the guardhouse and across the bridge.
He also realizes he has
Dean claps Sam on the back. “A font of knowledge, if ever there were one. Shall we go?”
It was fine, really – the moment their bodies touched, Castiel forgot what he was going to say anyway.
feel like shit in turn. In order to avoid saying the wrong thing and making things worse, he grits his teeth and says nothing.
There’s incredible momentum as they come together and all at once they’re gathering one another into a kiss so blazing and desperate it’s almost a fight.
When they pull apart, Dean’s trying and failing to resist a little smile that makes him look ten years younger.
“Have
It was the eve of the equinox, beneath a canopy of fragrant pink trees that had, in Castiel’s lifetime, never once bloomed before, that Dean pulled him aside.
If there’s one thing they both deserve, it’s Christmas.
Right. Because they’re winds. What else would you get when you put winds together?
They don’t wander too far from the road before selecting a spot to sit. The air feels heavy and still, like a held breath. Sam unfolds a rough blanket he’d dug out of the trunk -- it’s badly stained and smells of gasoline but it suffices. Their picnic meal is some nearly-expired glove box snacks.
“Me?” Sam sits back down at the bench in the kitchen, across from Dean. “No I’m
“He uh…
close to. They’d all sort of braced and held their breath, and then--
“I found her in one of the recliners,” Cas explains.
And he can’t even help Sam -- he keeps coming back to that. Everything that’s happened, and he can’t even help Sam.
“LUCIFER!” Michael called, looking around, apparently not seeing Cas from where he stood and paying little mind to the mist. He must have had power of own enough, to where it didn’t concern him, or maybe he was just
“To help him, of course,” Dean clarifies, as though it were obvious, and to him, it is. “Had I known of him, I would have done so already. Saving people, is that not our creed?"
“Alright. Sam, you check down in storage, Cas, you go down the hall, that way, to the other bedrooms and the Dean-Cave, I’ll go out to the war room and see if I can get the power on, check the kitchen and the library while I’m at it.”
Cas grasps Dean’s hips through his jeans and makes a sort of closed-mouth, breathy hum that Dean wishes he could record and put on an album that he could play back forever.
He is one, and two, at the same time.
Dean has to blink against the sunlight (real, warm sunlight!) a few times before his eyes adjust enough to identify the slim figure sitting on the concrete steps outside.
angry,” assures Boreas.
Who is he?
It had seemed like afternoon before, golden and hazy, but that was Chuck’s doing somehow, something he conjured for his own enjoyment. After he’d snapped it was night, but had he done
There aren’t many surprises, for either of them. They can’t pick apart the emotions they’d have felt either way from what was foisted upon them, and the same goes for the wounds they’ve inflicted on one another. In the end, a sort of settlement is arrived at, to take the good and leave the bad, to wipe the slate clean where their wrongs are concerned.
kill things? How do
“Oh yes,” says Boreas, dully.
enough to keep them in decent health, not enough to make the aviary a particularly pleasant place to spend time.
Dean sneaks a peek at one point, in a motel outside of Raleigh, when his curiosity gets unbearable, and Cas catches him in the act.
Cas had anticipated more reticence from both of them, but in the end, they’d unreservedly made an evening of it, complete with Dean playing music on Sam’s laptop (though not without some complaints about the selection) and finding cinnamon sticks (of questionable age) to put in hot whiskey.
“Stop that,” Dean said, “stop looking at me like that, it’ll be fine. What about Cas?”
alright?”
“I don’t know, Dean, what if it’s the matrix? What if you’re in a coma? Are you a man dreaming he’s a butterfly, or a butterfly dreaming he’s a man? You know, I once met a guy who was in a car accident and he was unconscious for about a day. When he woke up he said he had memories of something like fifteen years -- he’d gotten married, had kids, the whole deal. Spent ages after that mourning a bunch of people who never existed… as far as we know.”
than having it freely given. If his competition resorts to violence, then in a way, that’s to his advantage too, grisly as it is to consider.
During the civil war in Heaven, it happened fairly often. He’d be in meetings with lieutenants or locked in battle, and Dean’s voice would roll through him like a wave – on its own, that was fairly inconvenient, but at least it was possible to lower the volume then.
Even sweeteners are tightly regulated and highly taxed.
“Don’t--” Dean says to Sam, but it’s useless: The grin that takes over Sam’s entire face, sending his eyebrows into his hairline, is unstoppable.
“I’m cut off, alright!?” She throws up her hands and swans into one of the armchairs positioned among the library stacks. She looks at her own fingers theatrically, as if accusing them of betrayal. “Sort of. I’m not
The tree’s been beautiful its whole life, but now it’s beautiful in a different way – the three of them have covered it in little white lights, and mirror-silver garlands of tinsel. It doesn’t have many ornaments yet, but those will come. Now, maybe Sam and Dean will consider Christmas trees a possibility.
Then, he does what he didn’t do for most of his existence, a thing that he only does here, among the roots of this particular olive tree: he sleeps.
And it’s been that way ever since.
“No I mean, it’s you, it’s been you, it has to be
“Hello Dean,” he says, not moving except to shut the box with a hollow
“One question, though,” Dean only asks once they’re in the car and on the road, where Cas knows he feels safe, where he can look straight ahead. “I don’t know if you ever… I mean, there’s kind of a custom, at New Year’s parties. At midnight, if you’re, you know, with someone… you kiss them. I guess… I mean, I don’t know if you’d be cool with that, in front of people and all, so I thought I’d ask, before we got there.”
Castiel dives for the weapon but ends up with nothing more than dirty hands. With a gust of warmish wind (warm, at least, in comparison to Boreas’) Notus has already sent it skittering away. It tumbles across the bulging roots of the central tree.
“We aren’t,” Notus answers, half-preening. “But inside this party, it’s late autumn, which is the only time we get to spend together.”
The rules are simple enough. They have to be on the same page, or they paralysis returns. The glass makes the maze harder, at first, but they both adjust to the way it looks and try to keep patient. Focusing on solving it keeps some of the more difficult and embarrassing thoughts out of Dean’s head -- he’s an old hand at ignoring a thing in favor of a more pressing thing, and it serves him flawlessly now.
“Most people -- healthy, regular people -- don’t…” Dean pauses uncomfortably, and then says, “They don't have ‘em that much, once they grow up. Or they do, but they’re not that bad. We’re different.”
“Is this alright?” Cas leans back to ask in a half-whisper, kneeling over him and providing a view that makes Dean glad he doesn’t have a heart condition, ‘cause it might just kill him.
The area around the bunker is quiet. There’s too many abandoned vehicles to get far on 281, so they take the back roads. Fields of corn and soybeans don’t seem to mind that the sun’s been replaced.
Hardly a two weeks in, he gets a key. She trusts him, just like that. He tries to ignore the part of his head that says she’s an idiot and listen to the part wants to trust her trust in him. It’s difficult.
Movement caught Dean’s attention -- Michael stirred, and from the other side of a fallen block, Lucifer was getting to his feet. The other one, who must have been another sister of Cas’, didn’t appear. Did she have any magic? Or was she as likely to be dead as Dean was?
When Cas emerges from an almost worryingly long shower, he takes no convincing at all to accept this arrangement. Some part of Dean had worried he’d find it silly or strange or uncomfortable, but he just nods along like it’s the most sensible thing the world.
What must it feel like for Michael, with
“I was told that the point of this clothing was to ensure exactly that,” Cas says, picking at the knee of his pants.
It bears no label, but there are etchings.
“...But not
“Open,” Cas says, and Sam, last out the door, obliges.
to make this whole story basically upbeat, but Dean was like, "fake news" and wouldn't have it. I wanted to mention this at the start, because this is where a lot of the more unpleasant-looking tags up there come into play and I didn't want anyone humming along cheerfully and then getting smacked upside the head. Some of what Dean goes through is based somewhat on my own personal experiences, which meant I felt that it had a chance to trigger people. So, consider this a heads up to glance at the tags and make sure you're still on board for that right now.
“I don’t know, I’m just saying, there was no magic
“Yes,” says Cas, as if this is the most natural thing in the world.
“That started… uh, around 20 hours ago, maybe a little more” Sam says, “That wouldn’t account for--I mean, honestly, it looks like…”
has happened. They're a constant in his life again, these days.
it? Especially since that’s what Metatron seemed to want him to do, he is all the more determined not to.
Sam passes him and disappears down the hall to take care of it.
“And your magic?” Sam asks, all urgency.
Dean looked up. What a picture he must make, he thought -- shivering, red-faced, tear-streaked,  half-drooling. At least if he pissed himself no one would notice.
out there? You’re okay?”
punch you if you keep this up. Anyway, about that, I…” Dean pauses, like he’s suddenly embarrassed, looking everywhere but Cas’ face, “I… got it back for you. The coat. I didn’t get the rest of your crap, though. You’re going to be at the mercy of my fashion sense for awhile, and you’ll probably need a belt--ah c’mon, stop that. Don’t go all little orphan Annie on me.”
“I’ve got you,” Dean says as Cas twitches only semi-voluntarily against him.
Things like
Videos are being uploaded to the chat of folks who were werewolves yesterday cutting their skin with silver knives, vampires poking at their gums and finding no fangs, and natural witches doing spells they’ve done a thousand times, without even the slightest hint of any result.
A hand slides up Dean’s shoulder, to his neck, to his jaw, and before he realizes what he’s doing, Dean’s already craning his neck to press back against it, eyes closed, openly hungry for the touch and devouring it without hesitation. He follows a whim: he takes Cas’ hand in both of his and moves it, presses it against his lips and kisses the lines of his palm, the insides of his knuckles, the prints on each fingertip.
time!” Rowena hollers, no way of knowing she's stopped Sam's answer. She steps inside past Dean, who passes her in the other direction to get a better look at the state of the world outside. “So
Through the water, he saw the shape of Cas, floating above the ground. He waited for the storm-tide to shift, to give him a chance to cough out the contents of his lungs and fill them again as quick as he could.
“Sam? Y’okay?” Dean asked reflexively, as soon as he could speak.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean scolds them all after he pulls away, red-faced, “Glad you’re all entertained.”
The waitress trotted away, Mishka glanced at Cain with a puzzled look on her face, "have you never gone out to eat with your family? Or friends?"
Donnie sniffled, brushing his tears away. He glanced over at Israfil who held his usual smile, though he could see where the angel had been biting and ripping the skin off his lip from anxiety. He found himself lost, staring at the other who tilted his head all the way to the right in confusion.
“Send out a mass message to the demons,” Lucifer said, turning in his chair, still holding the phone. Having scrolled back down to the video, playing it a few more times.
"Alright, sounds good," Chamuel finally said, sitting back down beside Abel who was now seated on the floor of the bathroom. His hair in his face, wearing a robe, he leaned against Chamuel which made the angel's heart skip lightly, silently cursing himself.
"What's up, Sammy?" Abel asked,
"I'm depressed Danjal," Robin snorted out, not looking at the other as his forehead rested against the glass. The flat lands that raced past the car offered no comfort to the smaller demon.
"What?" Abel murmured, grabbing the bottle from Booker and twisting the top before Booker grabbed him. Shaking their head,
Abels fingers grazed a small piece of plastic, a smile broke over his features.
"It sucks I know, but it'll look cool!" Hahasiah laughed, not seeming to care that the other was in pain. He hissed out, feeling needles poke deep into his skin, blood rolled down his flesh. Sam clutched at his jacket from the agony, he never felt such a deep pain in his entire life. He felt Bailey grab his hand, he squeezed it tight as he let loose a low painful moan. A spark exploded from between his and the angel's palms, sending Sam backwards. Bailey caught him just in time, grunting as his weight hit her but she was able to keep his head from hitting the floor.
Chamuel felt a hot rage building but it vanished when he heard the scream, without a word both men shot each other a look of horror and bound into the home.
"If I'm...going to be a king...will I have a queen? Like in the cartoons?"
“A-A bar?” Anxiety flashed on the angels face as he spoke,
Abel froze, looking over at the man. "You...do?" Abel's voice sounded distant, the look of hurt on his face nearly made the demon laugh but he still needed Abel's soul.
"So...what happens to all the king's?" Cain asked, breaking the silence.
"Yeah, I wonder how that got there," The doctor struggled to his feet, Abel grabbing his arm and helping him stand up fully.
"It's not gonna explode at the Grotto or anything, is it?" Robin asked, reaching forward and picking it up. He glanced over the small shell before letting it drop back to the others chest.
“I’m sorry, I wish...I knew more...I wouldn't have given it to you if I knew that it was...whatever it is,” he sputtered out
The cold moonlight cast a glowing light around the brunette, it made Chamuel feel warmth leak down his chest like lava, burning his stomach causing a fluttering feeling to ripple under skin.
“Names Baal,”
"Grab the bat," Abel called over, Butch paused and turned, going back for the bat. He paused, a shadow flashed towards his side, he quickly glanced over but saw nothing. Grabbing the bat, he took off after the rest of the group feeling a chill roll down his spin. Sam grabbed the door for the men, waiting for Butch to get inside before shutting the door. Drenching the floor in front of the door with a layer of salt.
"It seems the farm animals have also gone missing,"
Abel groaned, his head hurt, his back hurt, his heart hurt. Watery sunlight flowed through the windows of the small guest bedroom, he opened his eyes with a small hum. He felt, so warm, it occurred to him he had weight against him as he was pulled from the hazy dreams. He dreamed normal for once, dreamed of driving, of eating, of the night in the motel room with the stars on the floor and the warmth of the angels hands on his cheeks, the blondes face seemed to be all he dreamed about.
“This plan has gotta work,”
"We think Abel's on mushrooms, maybe LSD," Mishka said to her boyfriend who glanced over at Sam with a puzzled expression.
"Well...we found the body,"
"Yeah, kids, I adopted. You know they always give you the big ones now a days a--"
"So you took my panic attack earlier and...gave it to yourself?" Abel asked, looking shocked,
"Hello? What are ya, deaf?" One yapped, laughing softly to himself. Pale brown eyes glittered with mischief, reddish brown hair bounced as his leg shook.
"Oh sorry Aristotle,"
Danjal chuckled, yanking his hand away from the animal. Smiling as it rubbed its head on his knee,
The angel of love and war, had fallen in love.
"How did you do that?" She asked as they made their way towards the steps, staying close to one another as they went.
"I'm coming," Morris shouted back at her from the other room, she rolled her eyes, planting her hands on her hips as the skinny man struggled to carry in a box that her father ordered. A few handfuls of fake photographs that had been made to look as if they belonged in the old home.
"Why would they do that, though?" Mishka asked, recalling the many times her boyfriend had come back to the home looking ill or dizzy. The man was convinced he was allergic to something in his house.
"Just tell me," Abel blurted out, his eyes flickered to the other but he looked away again. His knuckles turned white as he clutched his knees.
"Probably still in his mom's basement, stealing pills again?" Mishka arched an eyebrow at the other, looking more irritated than before. Booker leaned back into the seat, putting their shoes on the coffee table in front of them.
"Singers Salt?" Abel asked the man, looking at him with a curious stare as he took a sip of the alcohol drink.
"So," Bailey started, rolling the beer between her palms. The cold glass felt nice as she tried to come up with something to say.
"Who knows, probably a Facebook friend,"
"No, he'll hurt you!" Danjal said with a touch of anger in his tone, causing Robin to freeze. The bull groaned, having stopped its rampage as it attempted to figure out its next move.
"Speak to your king," He snapped at her, his eyes narrowed.
Abel's eyes flew open, he laid in the middle of a grassy clearing. No sounds could be heard as he found himself looking up at a starless night. Grass under him felt wet with dew, the warm air burned his cheeks softly.
The door opened, a cold can was shoved into the angels face. He blinked in surprise at the gift, looking over to his friend who grinned at him expectedly.
"Wait, are my boy and Cham finally together?" Dean shouted, but he was ignored as Bailey snapped the watch closed and the pair raced out of the room and down the steps. Power walked their way out of the room and into the man cave. Norma hopped down the steps only heartbeats later, she still wore her gardening gloves and hat. Hahasiah followed after her with Dutch at her heels, Sam and Bailey glanced at one another in curiosity.
"You got a shoe print on your ass,"
"I can't Abel," He choked out, Abel hesitated, hurt flashed over his face as he ran his thumb over the side of his lips.
“Shhhhh,” Chamuel whispered, kneeling down beside the man he put his hand on the other's shoulder. Closing his eyes the angel drained Abel’s pain into his body, being hit with sparks of panic, fear, anxiety, it swirled over him threatening to drown him in its ever growing ocean. His body shaking from the intensity of it all, he couldn’t remember the last time such emotional distress racked its way through his bones.
“Keep your head covered,” Baal growled, Sam watched the man's blue eyes flash to gold. He snorted, smoke billowed from his nose as if he were a dragon and he tore forward. Sam screamed in shock and surprise as Baal raced at the metal door, his feet a blur as he ran.
"Do you have any other plans?" Abel asked, "Cause if you do, I'd love to hear 'em."
"If those police start shootin' those demons ain't gonna take kindly towards it," he yelled to her, she grinded her teeth.
Sam felt guilty suddenly, he was so amped up it didn't occur to him that Abel had been manipulated into an abusive and damaging relationship with a demon. He knew how that felt, the thought of Ruby flooded his mind before he shook it off with a quick flick of his head.
Robin twitched a few more times, Norma stuck her head out from the kitchen.
Just like that, she was part of something bigger. Something she felt would help the world, something that would get her closer to her revenge on the demon who stole her life from her.
Mishka looked at Sam in surprise but decided against asking, she had noticed his new tattoo but didn't think much of it, her mind far too preoccupied with her own thoughts.
"This is Baal, he...well, saved my ass from getting crucified,"
"Maybe finding a soulmate isn't all it's cracked up to be," She offered, "Mine...is a demon," She whispered the last part, rubbing her forehead. Sam looked at her with surprise flooding his features.
"Oh yeah, they just let them on the field,"
“Oh right, my bad, let’s go Gank that thing!” Chamuel nodded, Abel returned the light nod as he snagged up his baseball bat. Dark blood dotted the wood of the bat, yet the silver that portruted angrily from the head glittered in the false light of the room.
"Do...you think Faith made a mistake picking me?" Abel's voice hardly a whisper, Chamuel blinked a few times in surprise. "Yaknow. I ain't...Jesus, I'm not some big, macho tough guy...I'm...hardly a man,"
“There wasn’t anything in there when I brought that here,” Marshall said as the angel looked at him with a puzzled expression before holding the guitar sideways and shaking it. A small bottle fell from the side, Abel snagged it mid air before it could fall to the ground. On the front was a large skull and crossbones with the words “Positively do not drink,” written in old ink.
It hadn't been said as a question, but a playful jab. It had been the perfect response to get Abel to trust the blonde, it had sent an odd sense of belonging through his system. As if he were in a cheesy romance movie and Chamuel was the knight ready to play a dragon.
In the back seat Chamuel was hastily typing on his phone, a small smile on his lips as he did so. That felt more normal to him, something about Chamuel brought a calming presence to him. Though he liked Sam, the man felt cold. But that wasn't something he wasn't used to. Abel seemed to feel that about people often, as if him just being alive annoyed most of humanity. But with Cham, he had helped Abel, he didn't run when the going got tough. He stood his ground, and silently, Abel couldn't believe how cool this math teacher looking mother fucker was.
"Is that Cain?" He heard his mothers voice, letting out a sigh as Amaryllis turned the speaker on.
The door let out a loud angry grunt as it was unlocked and shoved open, the salt scattered away from the door as Sam stepped into the house. He first thought to go towards the bedroom but stopped, looking down at the blood on the floor he followed it to the couch.
"Okay, again!" The angel shouted. Bailey and Sam entered the room, chatting to themselves only for the pair to rapidly join in on the fun.
"A month? He'll already be in that angel's pants by then," Arphaxat growled.
It was a perfect evening as the pair continued to watch the game, the dusk turned to dark in just a few short hours. The two men enjoyed their food, chatting, laughing, Abel made sure to take selfies with Chamuel who had quickly grown used to this. In fact, he found that he rather enjoyed it! Before meeting the hunter Chamuel didn't take any sort of pictures of himself, despite a few of them for his job that was.
Abel placed a hand over Chams, showing the blood that was also on his hands before letting them drop back to his side. The baseball bat on the floor beside the janitor, blood covered the wood and spikes, dropping into a small pool below it.
“Yep,”
"I'm fine, why do you ask?" He asked the nurse, they shrugged simply watching until Cain finished. The woman was given a prescription for something and sent away, Cain turned to the other now.
Morris looked at her in surprise, "there is? I've never seen it?"
Everyone murmured their agreement, Bailey glanced around her before taking a few steps forward. Holding her hand out to Chamuel,
"This isn't a book! There's no good or evil! He's a man who was brought up in a weird, confusing and abusive household. He isn't evil, he just needs help,"
"Hold on, big guy!" Danjal growled out, Robin watched in complete awe as the beast was hoisted upwards and tossed into the fences. It let out a painful bellow as its body was thrown like a rag doll. The innocent all watched in silent horror as Danjal continued to shove the creature into the fence and away from them as if he were a superhero protecting his people.
"Maybe don't put your last name?"
"Maybe call Sam, he might know how to break...whatever those are,"
"Mark! Off!" Ancitif ordered the dog, it looked to the brunette then down to the human under it. With a snort the demonic hound stepped off them, making its way to Ancitif and standing in front of him.
He started getting dragged with the innocent, punching and fighting against the darkness.
"Sure did, Watson! And the best part? We got more content,"
Mishka rolled her eyes, not replying; she walked out of the room and towards the front door. She slammed it on her way out causing Abel to look back at the doctor in surprise. They shrugged,
"Baal, this man isn't some Jesus figure, I watched Abel choke on a pickle in his cheeseburger. I've seen him trip over nothing. He made me listen to the same song at least twenty times in a row and he still got the lyrics wrong. You can do this,"
Mishka nodded, "Water, coffee and an iced tea please,"
The demons seemed to squirm at what the other said, “And he doesn’t have the ‘Chamulet’,” the demons shot each other looks, looming in the darkness like a pack of rabid dogs. Staring at Baal with beady, angry eyes, circling the man as if they were getting ready to pounce.
"Come down, I'll show you,"
"Inside," Paul snorted, looking down at his younger brother with a grin.
"Yes...I guess I did," he picked his words carefully, holding back the urge to roll his eyes at himself.
Chamuel sat on the ground, his legs crossed under him. The lipstick on the door meant he couldn't just fly himself out of here. The fire could burn his wings off anyways, but he'd be able to escape at least and maybe later he'd find a way to fix them. He groaned, the heat of the flames made his skin feel as if it would combust. The demon watched, drinking a bottle of water. She winked at him as she dumped it on the floor a second later.
Mishka hesitated, she didn't want to take him into the other room to see his mother in case it sparked everything back up but she couldn't leave him here. She had to take him to see a doctor, she eyed the dark marks around his neck which made her nearly throw up. Rolling her hands up and down his arm, tears running down her cheeks. She didn't want to lose him,
"Good night, Dan," Robin whispered as sleep dragged him downward. Danjal wasn't sure he would sleep, his mind muddled with thoughts jumping from every direction.
"How does that feel?" Fran asked as he bottled the soul into a tiny vile, the blue liquid looked thick as he held it out to the angel who took it gingerly.
"Cain!" He shouted, dropping the bat and his phone while diving forward to his brother who had fallen in some sort of trap door. Abel grabbed his arm, pain splashed as his elbows met the hard ground but the elbow padding he wore kept them from bruising.
"I think Abel's gott'a demon on him, I have a few buddies in town might know something."
"What?" Abel whispered,
"Chamuel, my friend!" He laughed,
Letting the cold liquid lather on his manhood before pushing himself into the hunter, hissing in pain Abel clenched the sheets under him. The demon wasn't exactly being gentle, though Arphaxat enjoyed causing the man pain he didn't want to make Abel regret the sex.
"Is that part of the attraction?" Chamuel asked quickly, turning to look at Mavis and Morris.
“Yeah true,” Donnie chuckled, following as Abel made his way towards the rest of the sports equipment.
The black heeled over a few times before leaving his skin nearly perfect once more, only this time a black, closed eye was seemingly burned into the skin on his right index finger. Sam pulled his hand away and stared at the closed eye with wide eyes, he turned his hand around to look at the palm. Bailey audibly gasped at the burn in his palm, it was a pentagram with a few odd symbols inside it and settled directly in the center of the star was another eye. This one was opened, staring into nothingness.
"That just leaves us!" He spat, the Adinkra around his neck glowed vivid before he made his hands into the shape of a gun, a blast of light flew from the tips of his fingers. She rolled away without much trouble, leaping onto the pews in an attempt to avoid the hands of darkness, shooting at him as she went. He laughed as the bullets got knocked back with the growing dark energy, Baal yowled in pain as he was smashed under the weight of the darkness.
"I can't shoot if you crush my hand," He laughed softly.
"Pull over,"
The world spun around Abel, Arphaxat grabbed his arm nodding to the drink.
"Tadah!" Fritz sang,
"May we come in?"
Cain glanced around, his eyes spotted the golf club that had fallen down with them. He slowly let go of Abel as the floor moved awkwardly around them, holding his hands out in an attempt to keep balance before snagging the golf club and stumbling back to the other.
"Hello Chamuel,"
"Research," Donnie added.
"How are you feeling?" Chamuel inquired, placing a hand on the other's cheek, letting his thumb run over the man's skin.
"Yes, I'm her primary doctor," he said, clicking a few buttons on the computer. Switching her from her usual doctor to him, she'd get the notification but he'd find an excuse somehow. He always did.
"Israfil, were leaving,"
"Yeah, mine too," Sam laughed, "but he and Israfil are still missing. We drove all over the place but couldn't find them. We got back and fell asleep, but I do have more information on your black eyed kids,"
The trio moved through the town, Donnie waving at nearly everyone they passed by who, in turn, returned his wave or stopped to chat. Abel was astonished at how many people the other man knew,
"That's what Kukae is,"
Now the angel was hardly able to stay awake, leaning against his friend as they staggered towards the small motel room. His arm was thrown over Abel who was determined to get the other to bed. Abel didn't bother getting two beds this time, both men found it more comfortable to share a single bed so why bother paying more? He helped Chamuel to the bed, the angel was shaking as Abel helped pull off his tattered shirt.
“You’ve made that joke at least five times since we met,”
Abel nodded as he got to his feet and stretched, “Did you upload that video that Marshall took yesterday? Maybe say it's so crazy...puzzle piece or something,”
“Well,” Donnie whispered, “I...just want to help, just...trust me, okay?” The sudden shift in the other's personality caught the hunters off guard. His usual smile vanished upon the question,
"How long have you been doing this?" Cham asked, setting his shovel down and pulling out his cell phone.
"Stop!" Chamuel shouted, diving for the howler who stumbled to the toilet and dropped the amulet into the muddy water.
"Yeah, they're not exactly known for being friendly and forgiving," a vampire snorted from where he stood by the pool table.
"Big Cham, and don't tell Abel,"
Pain, hot as coal flashed into his body. Her claws dug deep into the cavity of his chest, just below the golden heart shaped necklace. He gagged in agony, blood pooling from his mouth as he felt his spirit being tugged downward. She smiled at him, licking her lips. The woman yanked the top off the bottle she held in her hand, dropping the liquid into the others' open chest.
“Okay,” Sam clicked out of the app, biting his lip he had one more idea. Opening up facebook he went to Abel’s personal page, scrolling to the bottom he hissed. At some point the hunter had grown wise and hide the, very public, information. Sam was only minutes from helping them hide all that when he was taken,
"According to Sam it's this way," Chamuel murmured, nodding to the right as the rest of the group caught up. Abel made his way to the front of his friends, pulling a small can of paint from his coat pocket. He placed his baseball bat against a tree, shaking the can loudly, it clattered in the air before hissing. The hunter sprayed a large red dot directly on the splintering bark.
"You're getting a free tattoo," Chamuel pointed out, "you're next," Abel replied with a smirk.
"What am I getting?" He asked, a giggle in his voice as he whispered, "His soul,"
This was ignored as the rest of the group surrounded him, all talking at once. Hugging him, rubbing his head and laughing. He smiled at all his friends, suddenly feeling foolish he hid himself away for the past week as everything happened. He drove himself crazy in his own head but he felt that slip away as the night went on, Norma had made dinner for them. It was huge, she was proud! They were later ushered into the living room to open a few assortment of gifts the group threw together last minute.
"What do you thinks gonna happen with the eclipse?" Abel murmured, turning his gaze to the blonde.
"Abel this-- oh my God,"
Smoke filled the hunters lungs, causing them to burn but he didn't stop as he slammed his hand on every door he came across. He was shocked that people didn't run the second the helicopter smashed into the building! No alarm sounded above which was a lawsuit he was sure he'd hear about.
"We trap it, and we put it in a bottle so I can have a ghost as a pet,"
A strong looking man strolled up to Robin, his dirty blonde hair long, curly. It danced down his shoulders, his eyes red as the flower of an Oleander. Two other men followed close behind but Robin didn't recognize them. He felt dread flash through his system, stepping off the bench.
Chamuel felt his face turn even more red at the praise, taking the baseball back from the man. Finding a small, clean spot he wrote his signature over the textured skin of the ball. Blinking at how sloppy his signature seemed in comparison to the other baseball players.
"Yeah, I...get that," Abel whispered, looking down to the floor,
She drove down the street with narrowed eyes, turning sharp and quick a few times as she made for a small parking garage. The garage didn't hold many cars, it was attached to a small movie theater that seemed to be closed for the morning.
"Barry? Where is he?" Abigail murmured, sniffling softly as she looked around at all the children.
Dean craned his neck to keep his mouth above the water.
is the distraction I was hoping for.”
Notus scowls and answers before Dean or Castiel has a chance. “They’re hunters, Pomona. They’re just killers. It’s what they do, do they really need a reason?”
Heroic, that’s the word. Not underhanded (and yet still uselessly gullible, as Metatron must have known) the way Castiel has somehow become.
and then you
They both get a much needed laugh out of it.
“And the…
Cas is on the ground between the counter and the island, stiff and weak, with an expression like he’s looking at something very far away.
The last message is all caps: DO NOT EAT OR DRINK ANY GOD FOOD.
There’s a swell of almost parental pride in Dean’s chest, living alongside all his worry. Apparently Sam being a goddamned unflagging genius hero hasn’t changed. Kid shot god with his own gun and now he’s digging his heels in to deal with the fallout. Dean was pretty proud of himself when he killed Hitler, but he’s pretty sure Sam’s got him beat, here.
When he finally makes it down the stairs alone, he doesn’t even have time to survey the damage, though it’s obvious there is some. So much for the security deposit. Jody’s in uniform at the front door, squad car parked out front, and the look on her face is half irritated cop, half disappointed mom. She’s got a hand just close enough to quickly reach, if necessary, what Dean recognizes as a taser. She’s not alone, either. He can’t see who, but someone’s in the car.
Dean thinks to himself. Cas would probably get the reference now, but he keeps it to himself anyway, his own little secret.
That’s how they wind up
Shit.
Somewhere in the pastel canopy, Turnip
this. “Not enough melodrama for Him.”
“I’m… I think so. More or less.” Gunshot wound aside, Sam probably means but does not say, because that is a problem that they know how to solve. Dean is obviously inquiring about more urgent maladies.
Rowena asks for a detour to Gettysburg on the road south, something about nostalgia, and Dean realizes that not only was she alive when there was a battle there, she was
Christ, when he puts it like that, it doesn’t even seem like it’s been that long since then. How does it
The first thing Castiel does when he’s among the trees is touch one -- mainly, he just wants to confirm what sort of illusion this is, without access to the methods he’d normally use.
“I think I love this town,” Dean says by way of a greeting. There’s a lot of noise in the background, but it sounds like the amiable-enough variety -- a restaurant, not a conflict.
As illusions go, he can’t really complain about this one, but he can’t let himself get too distracted. “How do we--”
brain’s got a particularly handy excuse, but if you think you’re the first person with PTSD to experience paranoia and derealization then boy do I have some news for you.”
Dean has already been making little circles on Cas’ skin with the pad of his thumb for almost a solid minute before he
For a fraction of a second, everything around them goes silent – they’ve definitely managed to surprise – and then Sam actually
It seems like a curse to have it now. Dean’s kiss is the Dead Sea fruit, turning to ash in his mouth, as he is certain, now, that it only happened because he is human.
Cas’ clothes -- coat, jacket, and shirt -- are no more than a pile of neutral-toned ribbons around him. For a second, all he’s got on above the waist is his tie and a torn-away bit of his shirt collar, which Dean makes a mental note to be amused by later. He scrabbles off the tie (leaving the collar to fall to the floor as well) either in discomfort or frustration or both.
Dean’s mouth quirks into a smile. “So it’s angel peyote? You think Cas ever…”
At least, that’s the word that Castiel uses for it. He’s fully aware that it isn’t like the sleep he had as a human, harried and tumultuous and shallow by comparison. Were he more precise about it, he might call it a kind of deep, lying-down meditation that very much would resemble sleep if anyone were to find him here.
Cas had opened his eyes. They were full of light and nothing else, so bright that it obscured his features and gave him the look of a man gazing calmly, neutrally, into infinity.
without the narration.
Cas tips the whiskey bottle back one more time before he clambers to his knees at the corner of the mattress. Dean stands perpendicular to him, at the foot of the bed, blade heavy in his fist.
Light flashes through Cas’ eyes as he slips his wings between planes of existence, partially onto the same one he and Dean currently occupy.
Castiel and Sam cleared this section of woods themselves, poured the gravel until it led up to the big, squarish natural clearing that they’d found for Dean. Usually he leaves the car where the gravel stops, but since this might be the last time she’ll see them, he drives her right out onto the clover and grass.
to believe that Cas wouldn’t need help. Maybe he’d been treating Cas like an adult to somehow internally compensate for the way he knows he’s treating Sam. However it had started, he’s now plagued with a kind of doubt that feels like he’s just charged through an unexpected cobweb.
He holds up the tablet, with the headline.
kind of daylight Dean’s ever seen.
“You’re sure you don’t need backup?” Sam offers. “I’m not comfortable with the way Crowley’s acting like it’s his birthday.”
"You and Sam ever met?" The bartender, who'd been so friendly as to be almost maternal when they'd entered, leveled a suspicious gaze at Castiel all of the sudden.
They catch wind of an accident on I-95, so as they head south, they go out of their way to avoid that traffic nightmare. Somehow this leads to heading down route 9, beside the Hudson River. The scenery is lovely, but they don’t talk much as they pass by Poughkeepsie.
“What do you think of this one?” Dean asks drowsily.
Some of them are functional, others are social, the most frivolous are cosmetic. None of them, it turns out, are compatible with angel grace, which shorts them all out, every single one, on contact. Castiel doesn’t exactly begrudge the developers’ failure to consider this particular use case. In a decade or so it might be a real issue, but for now it just leaves him looking perpetually, tragically unhip whenever he walks around with the thin panel resting on his palm.
Still, no one enjoyed a bigger shift in public opinion than Naomi. Her hair continued to grow out as white as snow, and the populace seemed to see it -- in combination with her newfound warmth -- as a kind of unspoken prophecy fulfilled.
joke, as far as Dean is concerned.
“Yeah, like drinking a rental car air freshener,” Dean jokes, and then, realizing he’s at risk of taking the wind out of Cas’ sails, adds, “but hey, to each their own. Anyway, you still got one more.”
lands him at the depot on the other end of Big Otis’s route, watching a gray and hazy Omaha dawn. The wood-print vinyl booth seat in the diner reminds him of a church pew. As long as he drinks his coffee and business is quiet, no one will bother him. He can take his time to figure out what to do next.
Still, Dean doesn’t miss the opportunity, the angle that gives him access to Cas’ neck and shoulder. He plants little clusters of kisses on the skin there as he draws nonsense symbols into Cas’ back. On one upward sweep, both of his hands come up the back of his neck and into his hair, where he attends to Cas’ scalp with fingertips and short, sharp nails.
"Sammy, the man's clearly tryin' to get away from all that tonight," Dean admonished.
Cas isn’t far behind him -- the whiskey’s got to be the only thing that held him off this long, Dean realizes -- hissing and making these sweet, quick little surprised sounds, burying his face in Dean’s shoulder as he adds to the slick mess between them.
I kept almost telling you, but I just….”
“He…” The proto-smile
“Dean,” Sam’s voice is gentle. “I think he’s okay – I mean, he’s not in danger, based on what the book said.”
to him in a different way than it might once have?
isn’t he?” Notus gives Dean a withering look.
that Cas is tensed for another scolding, and that makes
the fear hit him too, not his own, but Cas’, crawling up
Dean tips generously at the end of the meal. There’s a trip to a hardware store for the highest power flashlights they can get their hands on, and they go spelunking in the bunker. In the light of lanterns and head-lamps, and because science requires replication, Sam does a few experiments. They’re spells that anyone could do, that always yielded results, and now, nothing, not even a flicker.
“Think it’s your long lost evil twin?”
When the coronation day came, and Castiel revealed that it was Naomi who would be crowned rather than Castiel (a thing that they’d conspired together about for several weeks by that point, poring over recovered texts and speaking with what felt like a thousand counselors) the surprise was gleefully accepted by all.
“He’s so
souls. We don’t
“Knew what?” Behind the mask, it seems like Dean’s brows might be furrowed. His mouth, exposed beneath the bottom edge, is a hard line.
They emerge into the light of the hallway. Cas is vulnerable -- tired, hungry, newly human again, and Dean doesn’t hesitate to take his hand even as they step into the library, a silent reassurance:
He reminds them both how much he loves them, how much he misses them.
There’s talk on the phones of Jody’s group driving down to the bunker, but the eventual conclusion is that it would take too long. Instead, once they’re back home, Dean and Sam drag some more seating into the Dean-Cave and hook one of the computers to the television. In this way, they can hang around on video chat as the clock ticks down.
The voice stopped for a second, and over the edge of the slope, a face appeared. The man held up a dirty miner’s lantern, and its light spilled down into the crevasse. “Uh, hey to you too. You okay there, buddy?”
“I’m not so sure about that anymore.”
“God made angels to love. It's the… prime directive, as you might say, to love God and His creations. The trouble is that I’ve long suspected – blasphemous as this may be – that love is a thing all its own, perhaps bigger even than Him, even stranger and even more unknowable
He’s so wrapped up in self-flagellation, he hardly notices the landscape change.
Since the night that they’d all celebrated together, Castiel’s golden thread had only ever pointed him toward Dean.
me, at least.”
When they check into a motel in Rock Springs, Jack picks up on a pattern about the three rooms they reserve. Rowena, solitary as a leopard, gets her own space (as if she’d have it any other way) and Dean oh-so-casually directs Sam and Jack to the first twin room, which leaves the last room for him and Cas.
“How many times have I told you not to call me so?” Dean chides, though the words feel strange in his mouth.
Splitting up is inherently sketchy, that knowledge is like a bad smell in the air, but they’re in the bunker for chrissake, a place that Sam and Dean, at least, both know like the backs of their hands by now. The “Fort Knox” of magic, Dean reassures himself, feeling odd about it the whole time, like he’s that guy calling the Titanic unsinkable.
“Wait, don’t tell me you actually
sound both sensible and pleasant. It’s a pity that what he actually
And Dean just tried to play it off like it was no big deal, the way you do with a kid who falls down and gets scraped up, ‘cause they won’t freak out if you don’t. He’d started the drive to the motel thinking about how he’d almost lost Cas twice in an alarmingly short period of time and maybe,
How long has he been out? Dean turns his head.
drink it, or not?”
Dean gets what he came for: a bottle of whiskey for himself to replace the one he finished. He almost goes for the bottom shelf, but is suddenly genuinely taken with the idea of assessing Cas’ taste in liquor now that he’s human, and picks something
They talked further, after that, and while Castiel would later struggle to recall exactly what was said, he already knew, as they drank that last draught (the best-tasting one so far, he thought hazily) that he wasn't likely to forget the way he felt. It was all warmth.
“I believe you.”
The sound of Lucifer’s voice cut in and out as the water rose around Dean’s face. It was a fucking mess. The whole thing was a fucking awful stupid mess. What would history books say about this? That the last few living Thaumaturges had a magical slap fight to the death?
“It’s just sweet, is all,” Sam says through a genuine laugh that makes Dean feel like he’s just had a spa day for the soul, like there’s a chance they can make things okay, somehow.
His fingers actually shake a little when he swipes through to a version of the clock that has seconds on it, but when he gets there, sure enough, the time is counting
At least, that is, until Cas falls.
Epilogue: Something Ends, Something Begins
, you know, on anything other than raising your cholesterol?
Pomona adds, “Veles was the one who started our little… support group.” She laughs, then. “I don’t think any of us were ready to say goodbye.”
wasn’t
they admit in one message.
Dean twists to look into the back seat and out through the window above it, clearly surveying whether his car was damaged.
Neither Sam nor Dean tend to drink wine, given the choice, but nor do they frequently turn down alcohol, so Castiel supposes it isn’t completely strange. He pauses by the glass. The liquid inside is a rich garnet, and there’s something unusual about the scent, some molecule that doesn’t fit the pattern.
you recommend?”
“Food, absolutely
The clock on his phone is wild with unrecognizable glyphs.
would never have wound up in this situation to begin with. Despite the Winchesters’ known aversion to the heavenly host, he imagines that Dean and Sam and Ezekiel will likely be getting along fairly well. After all, even Dean said that his first impression was that Ezekiel was
Much like what Cas said, about Jack dying before they could talk about what this new truth meant, it doesn’t seem fair.
“Metatron. He thought I should
Dean follows his gaze, and sees what has drawn it. At the edge of the forest, the dark figure of a man can be seen against the snow. He bends into the wind and sinks into the deep drifts. The clouds part, and the bright light of the full moon makes his shape all the clearer. There’s something familiar in his movements that pulls at Dean, but he can’t put his finger on what it might be.
this case? To keep me away from him?”
“I know a little of him,” admits Sam. “Mark me: the staff call him a hermit, and it seems that he lives at the far edge of Castieland, by a spring that lies at the foot of the mountain. It is perhaps a league from here.”
Only now, as he physically embodies his own greatest failures. Only now, as he struggles against sourceless pain at his back like the whip of a flagellant. Only now, as he smothers beneath a mask that he donned years ago and now cannot remove.
“And smelly. He said it smelled like mildew.”
A quick interaction with google maps later, it becomes apparent that they won’t even need to call a cab -- there’s a place within walking distance, because it’s Boulder, of course there is. Dean mostly lets Rowena do all the talking while he stands around and tries to look less like he's in his forties.
“I’ll walk ahead,” Dean explains. “Walk behind me, use my footprints, understand?”
twice?”
, he says to Cas with a sly shrug.
In another world, who knows if he wouldn’t be spending his night crouching in the mist with a sawed-off, defending those girls from cranky spirits with too many buttons on. Here, now, when Rowena’s done her little walk down memory lane, he’s going to eat a burger and sleep in a warm bed with Cas next to him. It seems almost impossible that it’s even real.
He’s falling through the world.
It was, in fact, somewhat hard to accept, given Castiel’s own fractured experience with family, but he had little choice but to do so.
available only to cars manufactured prior to 1975. The permit was
“Right. So it’s something that could be mistaken for bigfoot. Does that mean… large, hairy?”
“I—” Castiel caught sight of the tip of the man’s tongue dart out from between his lips for just a fraction of a second, which briefly distracted his thoughts. “Those creatures. They fled as you approached. How did you do it?”
“Huh,” Dean says. “Weird.” When he tries to climb out of the tub he discovers some injuries -- pain blossoms at his joints and across his skin when he moves. It’s bruises, mostly, and some small cuts and scrapes, scattered enough it’s hard to tell what’s what. His hands are particularly messy. The weirdest one is a well-reinforced square of white bandage bordered by careful tape, just below his sternum.
The motel in Wishek is a shade less grimy than the one in Omaha. They do have a lot in common though: they’re both desperate for an update, style-wise, and have equally unfriendly front desk staff. This one gives Dean a look that could curdle milk when he asks for a few extras of those little paper cups they put in the bathroom.
Dean can feel Cas’ eyes on the side of his face, can pick up the silent plea for a reason to be optimistic.
Dean shakes off his confusion, and dusts the falling snow off his fur-edged robes. The storm has already started to come, and the sun is setting. Sir Samuel will be awaiting him back at the fortress. At his feet, a russet stag lays slain and field-dressed – his kill, and one that will make an excellent feast for everyone. They’d absolutely laid waste to most of the turkey at Christmas, so venison will round out the St. Stephen’s Day stew nicely.
He considers whether it would be possible to have her converted, but the words
“I don’t know how to convince you,” Jack says, catching him before he falls and helping him down to the floor slowly. They sit side by side against the wall, on the little bamboo bath mat Cas picked out at World Market because he thought it would feel nice on his feet. “It’s real. All of this is real. I went to The Empty, and I did
A little voice in Dean’s head whispers that it doesn’t really matter. None of it does.
Hearing her
Dean pulled Castiel back in and Castiel let himself be pulled. It was so easy to be close.
Castiel was too polite (and self-preserving) to say so, but he considered that it might be for the best that the light was dim, produced entirely by clusters of the same kind of oil lamp Dean carried.
Jack, at least, seems relatively content. Last Dean heard, he’s taking some kind of online class for a GED, ‘cause he met some nice kids that go to Augustana or USF or something and he’s sold on the concept.
Somehow, Cas has become inextricably entangled with a man for whom peril is a loyal hound, trailing him with every step, and it never quite seems the time.
line from
Claire notices Cas’ hand discreetly clasped with Dean’s at one point and makes a joke threaded through with affection about how “it’s just like you idiots to wait until the world’s ending to finally communicate.”
is also his current theory on
can be a good thing -- angel
what they’ve told him. Still, he knows that the kinds of people (well, not people, not really) who might be on the same trail won’t hesitate to
with the wine… have Sam and Dean already had some? Could they be in danger? There are so few adulterants in the world that could truly hurt him, Castiel reasons, that the most logical thing to do is to have a sip for analysis.
Only once the sky was safely clear did that big black bird of Cas’ descend from somewhere to alight on a particularly tall piece of castle wall, above the proceedings.
did this to you?”
“Try again, asshole!” Dean shouted, though it gurgled a little with the water getting in his mouth. He was going to die anyway, so he didn’t have much to lose. Might as well gloat. “Guess who
Having caught sight of the moon earlier, Dean had hoped that the storm would fade as they progressed. Instead, it only builds. The night gets colder, and the frost bites at the both of them. Sam does his level best to stay at Dean’s side, but his watch has been long, and he is not entirely well.
The last of Dean’s drink charts a burning path down his throat. Warm library light plays off the facets of the antique glass.
And with that, they slip from the bushes into the clearing and around the edge of the table seemingly without incident -- no one and nothing confronts them straight away, at least, which is better than the alternative.
Cas decides that if Dean can tease, so can he, so he slows way down. His tongue traces a warm path down to the waistband of Dean’s boxers. He stops, for a moment – just long enough to pull at the offending clothing. Dean cooperates, lifting off the bed enough to make it easier, and Cas rewards him by following the waistband downward with his mouth.
Dean is clearly chewing when he says, “Oh, yeah, I think so. Well, sort of. A guy says he saw bigfoot, which--”
a dream? Then what?”
Castiel kneels in the snow, lays his hand low on the trunk of the tree, and asks a question of it. Images pass through him: Sam and Dean saving the world time and time again. Sam and Dean, in pain and afraid. Then, a promise: Sam and Dean, laughing beneath this tree, adorned with sparkling lights, silver tinsel, and glittering baubles?
“Cas, you’re okay, we got you, we’re right here.” Dean blinds him with his flashlight for a moment.
Dean waits, again, in the dark.
There was some way for Dean to guess where Sam and Cas would be, once he identified his own situation. If they hadn’t emerged into the hall, he’d have gone into those rooms and found them there.
“We’re alive now, aren’t we?” Cas points out.
they can manage.
He chuckles against Dean’s skin and runs his hands over the goosebumps that result. Cas has a distinct advantage, in that Dean had been wearing nothing but boxers from the start, so while Dean’s busily trying to get Cas’ clothes off, Cas gets to
“Of all of my fuckups, that’s on the list of the ones I most
killed by any of his god friends before, during, or after.”
In the kitchen, people are talking resolutions, a thing that Cas needs briefly explained. He’s not sure what to say, what he should
All eyes are on him.
kissing on a floral-blanketed bed with a curlicue-laden frame is objectively funny, and also because laughing and kissing combined feels like bubbles popping in his chest in the best possible way.
"About... before? No. I..." Jack looks around the diner, looks at Dean, and then Sam, and then Dean again, and then back to the laminate tabletop. "It feels like a bad dream, or like something that happened to someone else. This is a new chance, I know that much. Though, I think I will still need some help, learning how to be a human.” A wisp of concern crosses his features. “And… you?”
“Mm,” Dean nods, still speaking softly. “Next time. Definitely like the sound of that. For now, though, we should probably get ready to head out – not that I mind, but that might have put us behind schedule a little. Don’t want them all getting
For a moment, he opened his mouth to say something to Hannah, before he realized she might not be listening. If her ghost was truly present, could it leave the castle? He'd never experimented with such a thing before, and all at once, he wasn't sure if the idea felt freeing or lonely.
“Good job, buddy,” Dean mutters under his breath. “Now where’d you go after you lost your wheels?”
but Sam made the valid point that he’s doing a lot more to help and save people from that computer than he could possibly do by going out there. Then he suggested that he could strike out by himself, which got a resounding
If Dean had been asked a year ago if he’d be sad to see
It was good that he didn't look, he would think later, because at that moment, a dark gray thing shot out from the center of the mound. It was briefly unidentifiable due to sheer speed, and then it was revealed to be a large arm and hand, or rather a
“It’s nowhere near midnight, I don’t think they’ll care if we’re a little late,” Cas justifies, but does start to move toward his boxers and his shirt.
From inside, he hears a questioning sort of noise, and then Rowena saying, “Go stare at it yourselves, it’s right out there,” and then the sound of feet on the metal steps.
feeling again.
“No,” said Sam, wedging his arms under Dean’s head, trying to make it easier for him to stay above the surface.
“I didn’t bring up my… mom?”
“I feel precisely the same,” Cas says, with a smile that seems almost surprised at itself.
his mind identifies out loud.
on the job in the first place.
“They all are,” Boreas intones. “I
than before, and considerably more
There were a thousand orders of business, and Naomi was brilliant with every one of them. The ideas had come spilling out of her so fast Castiel had hardly had a chance to write them down.
It’s like sinking into the ground. It
Gingerly, he lifts the glass. Worry creeps up his spine. If there’s something
“There’s no jealousy, no fear, no posturing, no secrets,” Castiel does his level best to explain. “Angels in love with other angels make for a
“Can I come in?”
“Yes?”
that you’re... okay?”
Cas’ eyes are open, no longer luminescent or glassy, but still completely inhuman in the sharpness of their focus. When Dean meets them, he stops breathing for a second. He can’t stop himself glancing down at Cas’ mouth, and…
know Michael’s thoughts better?
Dean tries to ignore the fact that the only thing he was ever good at doesn’t exist anymore, he tries to walk around like he’s not carrying any shame in his certainty that he’s the dumbest person in the house, getting flexed on by someone who’s (technically) less than five years old.
instead of (or rather, alongside) the other way around. Maybe it’s been longer than he realizes.
His own mask resembles a sort of coppery-bronze clockwork fox, with pointed ears and a long, narrow snout. He thought it looked graceful and interesting at first, but now that he’s wearing it, it just seems to get in the way, with the nose bumping into things when he turns, and the ears scraping the top of the car if he sits up straight.
than happy to do. I could use a break anyway. Unless you’d rather drink alone?”
“Castiel!” Naomi warned, forehead creased and eyebrows high. “We do not have the right to speak of him that way. And, at any rate, you would know better than I.”
He does, intimately. He pulls away from himself a little, a sense of
"Let me get you another one of those," Dean offered, and Castiel handed over his cup. "For the road."
Dean splashes through the surface of cold water. He opens his eyes deep underwater, nothing around him but what looks like empty, featureless open ocean.
He loads it carefully into the sleigh and drags it to the black steed that waits for him, nickering and puffing little clouds of breath into the winter air.
has to be a completely different thing.
“Oh good,” says Notus, “you’re awake.”
“Is something
They weren’t singing anything close to the same song. Dean was belting out some randomly-selected section of the same tune Castiel had heard before, something about
As Castiel understood it, Hannah’s death had been a matter of truly improbable misfortune. The little traces of Thaumaturgical energy that remained in an otherwise magically dead world were, according to Michael, supposed to protect all of the siblings. Castiel himself had never caught Hannah’s affliction, despite hardly ever leaving her bedside for the entire ordeal. He was fairly certain that Michael himself had never had so much as a head cold in his hundreds of years of life. The odds of one among them not only getting sick but also dying of it had to be astronomical.
Castiel finally identifies the emotion that’s twanging down his spine (he had never realized just how
around, more things than he could possibly fit in a duffel bag and take away at a moment's notice -- it makes him nervous, like it’s not only a home, but also another family member in his care. It doesn’t help that at this particular moment, he’s being swallowed by one of those most exhausting monsters he’s ever faced:
That is, until he heard the noise of a car driving up to his parking lot. The gravel road crunched under the wheels of the Impala as it came to a halt. The dark haired male sat up, glancing at his phone, it lit up bright.
"Angels already hate me," Sam said with a shrug.
"And I'm early," Cain laughed, rubbing the back of his head awkward.
"I can't believe it," Sam gasped into the phone, Abel could tell the man was on speaker as he and Chamuel sat on the floor of the old home. They had decided to go back inside to hide from the cold, both men shivered lightly as their soaked clothes clung to their frames.
"Please! I don't want to go to hell, please I'm sorry!" She cried out.
"Got it all, my man!" Donnie said, giving the other a high five.
Leaping forward without a second thought he grabbed the others hand just as his body vanished into the darkness, Chamuel gasped in shock as he found himself dangling between the floor and a large drop below him. He could hear the sound of rushing water, the wood from above him had landed in it with a loud splash.
"Don't have time for this, Chamuel," Baal said, feeling prickles of panic in his skin as he moved to the two. Shoving the painting into Israfil's arms and scooping the angel up.
"This...is an Adinkra, but not any, this is Archangel Faiths-- how did you get this?" The happiness in the treasure hunter's face changed, he stared at the two with such a serious look it made Mishka uncomfortable.
"It's a hidden room, library now. But back in the day this house was used to help people of all types," she replied, leaning down to help Sam pick up the piles of books and paperwork.
"Lucky for you, they got some tofu crap!" Abel nudged the other with an elbow, Chamuel couldn't keep the smile off his face as they collected their food and drinks.
"Holds her grace,"
“Don’t move,” Abel whispered, narrowing his eyes against the darkness. He took a few rapid steps forward before glancing back at Chamuel with a look of irritation,
“Phantom Spector? Really?” Sam arched an eyebrow at the man,
"What the fuck," a voice shouted out
"Good enough!" She laughed, Cain wrapped the chamulet around his neck to keep it safe. The Adinkra under his shirt knocked lightly with Abel's.
"Issy, I feel like I'm going crazy,"
"Come on, let's do this then," Dutch clapped into the air as she shut the door behind her.
Chamuel reached a hand forward, grabbing the other's arm and tugging him. Abel shuffled closer at the other touch, Chamuel wrapped his arms around the other and brought him to his chest.
"A king or angel falling, It's a phrase holy creatures say...Meaning that they...go to hell."
"Yes, sir," Baal replied, putting a few twenties down.
“It’s not really a lead, for all we know it won’t even help us,” Chamuel offered,
"Look, homie," she giggled again, "I don't care if you like the guy, just get the soul. The less he knows about the Chamulet the better, without that soul he won't be able to use it's power. So you gotta hurry before some schmuck with a degree in Chamulet comes along and teaches him everything. That always seems to happen,"
Bailey glared at him, "We don't know that," She whispered. He looked at her with a puzzled look on his features but didn't say anything.
The woman's breathing shuttered before returning to a normal whistle, the sound of the heart monitor beeping softly made the man give a small smile.
"Winchester line is directly related to Adam and Eve, Cain and Abel," He nodded to Abel and let out a sigh, "Some people have holy blood, some don't, some have blood of the damned."
"What's wrong with my hair?"
The sun dipped behind the trees as the two stumbled up towards the others, both were ready to find Donnie dead or dying as they pushed through the trees. Abel shook violently, his fingers void of any color, a small touch of blue collected on the tips. His lips hardly visible against his pale face aside from a kiss of purple that was starting to spread over them.
"Be careful...I...don't want to tell the others, but when I went to visit my family I saw that darkness for myself. It's...guys it's getting stronger. I can't describe it, but I feel like it's a matter of time before the worst is to come. I even went and got my son his anti possession tattoo, I just don't see this getting any better,"
"Stop!" He snapped, his eyes wide as frustration and anxiety bit deep into his system "I'm sick of this shit, Chamuel!" He growled causing the angel to flinch.
"I have to go,"
"Put it on my card," Mishka offered, winking at Abel "And put him on it too,"
"What is it?" Booker asked, and she handed it to the other who was pulling on their large purple crocs, getting ready to go back to work.
"Well, I mean," Sam sighed, Baal cleared his throat.
"We gotta get Bohdi," Danjal whispered to Breaker, whose smile died on his face at the others' words.
“Hoping these things will slow them down,” He replied, “Unless you got any other ideas?”
"You gotta stop tearing apart your hands," he whispered, the angel pulled his hand away. His breath held a bit of alcohol which worried the hunter.
"Yes We do, sunshine" Donnie whispered, staring out at the patrons in the church he sucked in a breath. Standing tall beside his father, feeling powerful with Israfil holding onto him.
"Fran," Cain whispered, he leaned the club against the tree and looked over the golden ribbon. Sitting down on a tree trunk he tied the ribbon around the rabbit's ear, she didn't move as he made a bow and let it sit on her head. He lifted her in the air to inspect it in the small amount of light that filtered through the trees. It was then an idea formed, he stood up now and picked up the golf club. He placed Bab's on the floor and held the club tight, standing tall on the trunk he swung his club. The vines were ripped down from the trees, his eyes grew wide as a soft amount of light shone through the leaves.
A man with dark, long hair curling down by his shoulders grinned at them. Israfil was being held by the back of the neck. Struggling to get from Mammon's grip. He dropped the angel to the floor causing him to grunt in pain.  Israfil turned on the demon only to be blasted with a shot of electricity.
They fell silent, she could hear the yelling again.
"Actually," Baal grunted, "We can't do it tonight anyways, Bailey aint there."
"Abel! Stop!" Chamuel gasped,
"Well, just...I can't stop thinking about what Baal said," She murmured, staring up at the moon before moving her eyes back to Sam.
"Just gonna be leaving him too, Abe?" She spat, causing Abel to look to the floor. Clenching his fists,
"Leave me alone," he snapped as he left the home behind him. Making his way to the Impala. Bailey shot Baal a concerned look as the two clambered up the steps, Bailey shoved open the door to see Chamuel looking horrified. She blinked in shock at the tent in the others pants, she leaned against the door frame with her arms crossed over her chest.
"Husky! Sam would be a poodle! Abel's no wolf, he'd be one of those little terrier dogs that thinks it's a German Shepard."
"Hey!" A voice shouted, they both turned at the same time to see a police officer standing in the field with a flashlight pointed towards them. The large officer charged forward towards the school's entrance, Bailey and Sam both laughed as they scrambled to get out of the building. They bound down the steps only to freeze,
"Hi Issy!" His brother said with a smile, his eyes glittered with something the angel couldn't identify.
"I figured you wouldn't understand,"
"So...that was neat, but...what now?" Cain asked, Donnie got out of his spot on the couch and made for Israfil. Placing a hand on his friend's shoulder, giving him a small smile.
"Abel, just be honest, the guy has a lizard in his lap. He won't care," Chamuel laughed out, Abel glanced back at his boyfriend and back to the demon sitting in front of him.
She picked the cordless phone up from it's spot on her desk, punched in the number and placed it to her ear.
"I just grunted,"
"Anything," Chamuel whispered, Abel hesitated and let out a sigh.
The building was huge with a tall ceiling. Food was displayed in half of the store while the other half had random assortments of clothes, toys and anything else you could think of.
"Yeah I can track you guys all over the place!" Donnie laughed, Abel felt the blood drain from his face another thing he hadn't thought of.
"We got a video of what happened!" Someone had told them, showing a video that was quickly dismissed as fake.
“But that’s okay,” Arphaxat retorted with a broad grin, not flinching at the rage, “Because he wasn’t the king anyways,”
"The King of kings is all, so Abel has the power of all Adinkras. Or...he did," The air grew tense for a few heartbeats, Bailey wiped her head around to look at the group.
"ET?"
“We…” Chamuel started, unsure if he should include the kid in their issues.
"Are you okay?" He eyed the others hands, grabbing one and inspecting the amount of skin the angel had ripped from the tips.
"I'm happy to see you," Arphaxat whispered sheepishly.
"Am I…" Sam pushed his head in, not having been ready to see Chamuel naked in the bathtub eating burgers with his nephew. "Nevermind, I don't want to know." he said with a shake of his head.
"Weren't we talking about Abel?" Donnie asked, glancing up from what he was doing.
"Yeah, Bookers brave as fuck!" he laughed, "Beat a hellhound with a fire--" His words stopped, his phone let out a loud, angry whine.
Abel glanced up, sitting directly under the stony angels manhood before looking to Chamuel.
"You forgot something," Robin gasped out,
"Anyways," Abel chuckled, glancing back at Danjal and Robin with tired eyes.
"It's going to be okay, we need you to fill these out. Do you know what happened?" She spoke in a calm, warm manner. Something about her was familiar but the blonde was far too preoccupied with his own fears and anxieties to place where he'd seen her before.
The woman glanced at the teenagers who snickered at the topic they were talking about,
He imagined the man stabbing him, Stabbing Mishka. Ripping her apart. Throwing her lifeless corpse away because she wasn't anything to him. She was just another pawn. But she wasn't. She wasn't a pawn in a scheme, a body to add to the count.
"God isn't about hate, Baal," the man replied, his eyes back to his game, "They loved unconditionally with that love comes forgiveness."
"No shit Sherlock," Abel retorted, rubbing his head as if he had a hangover.
“I don’t think these things are that smart when they’re tiny like that,” Abel noticed,
“Born again,” he whispered,
Chamuel dropped the man who scrambled backwards, looking completely floored by what had happened. Attempting to smooth out his now wrinkled up shirt,
"You gotta make these things better," he growled, rubbing his forehead and glaring at the blood before bringing a foot down on the crown causing it to crack under his foot as anger flashed in his gaze.
"Don't tell me," Mammon laughed, causing his friends to laugh too. Norma trotted from the kitchen a few seconds later, handing Mammon a large martini causing the demon to smile and thank her with a wink. She giggled before making her way back in the kitchen,
Abel jumped up onto the counter to sit, legs dangling off while Chamuel pulled a chair out from the table, settling in the seat. The two watching Sam, causing the hunter to feel a prickle of embarrassment flash over his skin. Taking another nervous drink,
"What happened to you?" Abel murmured, yawning "did you get laid?" He teased. Chamuel snorted at this, laughing
"L-Look every creature," he started, glancing around him with fearful blue eyes. "I'm on the inside. I...I know all of their plans," he wasn't sure why he was speaking to them, but something tugged at his skin giving him the courage he didn't know he had.
"You're my friend! What isn't special about that?" Danjal finally said, Robin nodded slowly at this. For a heartbeat the demon looked disappointed, rubbing his hands in a form of comfort as the pair made for the front of the ranch.
“This is how you talk to your customers?” his voice was small as he held up a hand, “Our car just needed to be looked at,”
She felt her face flash red at the thought, a sudden flutter in her chest caused her to smile, 'It might, what are you gonna do about it, old lady?' she chuckled to herself as she waited for her mom's reply.
"Shut up! I have claws now, I'll use them!"
"White chocolate mocha, iced, medium," he said to the barista, the man nodded.
"I just, I need to find out if that's it or if these are my real, true feelings." Chamuel said finally, "if there's a chance it could work I'll take it…" his words trailed off as he let his fingers squeeze the carpet below him.
"Erm, sorry," he said quickly, making for the door, Daniel watched him leave with shock on his face.
“You tell me where Sam Winchester is, and you tell those idiots that I stole your necklace. It’ll give you more time to find the real one,”
"Plus those weird flubber creatures aren't just going after raccoons, from what I've been seeing on TV they're also taking over people,"
Donnie looked horrified at his brother's expression, causing Israfil to scoot closer so he was pressed against his friend in a form of comfort.
Before Robin could say anything, police sirens exploded around them, tearing down the street at rapid speed.
"What's wrong?" He asked, the hunter wasn't even sure if he was alive, dead, awake, asleep it was causing his body to shake with anxiety.
"How long do you think Abel can keep up that this is all fake?" Bailey asked as Baal snarled.
“Can I help you?”
"Exactly! Plus Sam's hunter friends won't have to freak out, I bet they're just as nuts as some of these Yahoo's,"
"Y...yes?"
Anger flashed through his body, he knew that she would be mad. He knew she wasn't his friend no matter what she said. A sudden spark flared inside him, his mind went to the old man who was dying on the train. He glanced down at the soft glow of the necklace, it dawned on him now. This. Was an Adinkra. This wasn't just any necklace. Faith had chosen him.
"When you punch, make sure you do it between the eyes," the demon king said, holding the punching bag. "If you punch hard enough it'll knock the darkness right outta anyone"
This fanfic will continue as long as possible! But there's a chance it will end abruptly. Thank you for reading!! So far I have no plans to stop posting this fic, but this is just a small warning to those reading.
"With what?" Sam asked,
"With that being said, it picked him. So it'll find him. It'll make it's way from the sewer using whatever I can, using animals, other people, whatever it needs to reach its king."
"I'm coming," he murmured, the Adinkra continued to guide him like a compass towards his friend. He didn't understand why, but he didn't have time to think about it.
“He knows,” Chamuel whispered,
"An' something to do with huntin'"
"What is this place?" Bailey asked, "and why did they take you?"
Bailey blinked a few times, "so...it's bad?"
"What...is that?"
"Let me out," Chamuel snarled at Baal, white flooding the angels gaze.
Chamuel glanced down at Abel, "Yeah?" He said, using his free arm to brush some of the hunter's hair from his face on instinct.
"What's that?" He poked at the skin, it was very recent from what the angel could tell.
Fritz pressed down on one of the many buttons, it let out a low buzzing. Nothing happened.
"Yeah," Abel glanced up into the others blue gaze, he couldn't keep the joyful tears from rolling down his  cheek, "He told me, he was proud of me,"
Everyone murmured to one another as if they didn't believe it, Israfil let out a soft breath. The lights flickered a few times in the church causing the crowd to fall silent as the angel floated up in the air, the golden light from the sun turned the angel's eyes to a honey color as his wings extended from his back. Coming out as a quick shadow as if just to show a light peak of the angel's power. Everyone gasped, murmuring to one another in fear.
"Sammy!"
Abel looked shocked before a grin raced over his face, "Wait, Sammy sent you?"
"Here you go little fella," She said to the animal in a sing-song voice.
"Oh he'll hate it, but his wife might like it," She laughed.
"What's that?" He reached forward and picked it up. Turning the symbol over in his hands a few times, it looked like a sun settled over a moon, it was the same type of symbols that Abel also had.
"No importa," ("not important") Cain grumbled, his face flashed a light shade of red as the two sat down.
"Yeah, the Blondie with the wings. He got wings, you'd think he'd lay an egg," the red head snorted.
"I...thought about Cham…" He murmured, "Maybe he's connected to this?"
“Nope,” Baal said, turning on his heels and making his way down the hallway once more. A few demons walked in and out of the rooms in front of them, watching him with confusion as Baal charged past them like a bull escaping the slaughter.
"Yeah, maybe. I just don't get why it's such a big deal? I don't have a penis! So what!"
"Back with her,"
“It will,”
"But he just...wasn't good at acting," she chuckled, "he got pretty violent as time went on. I had a miscarriage, we got married. I got pregnant again. I miscarried."
"You gotta show your sexy legs," He joked, only for the van to pull up beside them. The two looking in shock at the side of the hippie van. The window rolled down, Bailey grinned at them. Her face scratched up, hair a mess on her head, blue and red blood splattered on her cheeks.
The veins on the man's face turned white as he sent a shockwave out of the guitar. It smashed into the wolf at full force sending the monster colliding with the ground. Donnie was flung from the creature's mouth and slid against the snow below. He laid unmoving in a pool of blood, Israfil landed beside him and went down to his friend.
The boys.
"What is this?" Danjal asked as he held up the necklace to the light. The cream and pink insides shimmered through the brilliant sunshine.
"He's an angel, he'll be fine," Baal said with panic in his voice, "just go"
"This...is my room!" He announced,
Abel snagged the weapon, getting into his usual stance. Both men looked around, waiting.
Dean huffed as he allowed the other to pull him off, only to stop.
"I can give you the basic run down of things but it looks like you both already have a grasp on that," The man continued, pulling out a few pictures and placing them down. The pair leaned forward to look them over but Baal frowned, it was some of Faith's alters and stained glass.
“Low level demon kiss your ass?” He asked her, his skin burning from the hot rage that pumped in his veins, smoke billowing from his body.
"Hello, you two look-- helpful," She finished,
"No," Abel pulled his shoes on and grabbed the door handle, "this...hurts too much Chamuel," he whispered, looking back at the angel with a glare in his eyes.
"Shut up," he laughed as they took a turn up the steps.
“Pull over,” He said quickly, shoving at Abel from the back.
"I don't think people are going to think this is a secret anymore,"
"Might be," He finally said, "It's not much, but, I guess I can at least try to help."
Arphaxat let out an annoyed sigh, refusing to look at Mammon as he spoke, "Yeah, I told you I would,"
Cain turned his attention to her, tilting his head, she reached forward causing him to flinch. His first thought was to slap the hand away but he forced himself to pause,
He pushed the angel off him more, leaping off the bed and grabbing his shoes
"You fought Abel, didn't you?" Callista asked, tilting her head at Ancitif with a fearful look in her gaze.
"Give me your hand, it's gonna hurt, but if you want to stay alive in this war this'll help you."
The two didn't have time to stop and think about what had happened, Cain glanced into the hole that had been made in the glass. Inside seemed to be a room full of old boxes, furniture, as well as dirty books.
"Uhh, probably the same as a ghost, honestly," He said after a short time.
"How do we know Abel's this...King of Kings? Maybe it's someone else?"
Abel felt tears burn in his eyes, a sudden weight felt as if it were lifted. His gaze moved towards the Impala, Chamuel watched with a longing look. Abel rolled his eyes and signaled for the angel to come over.
"Okay! We don't know who, but we know Anqa would know. We saw him earlier at the Mcdonalds off sixth avenue,"
"Bailey, stop watching,"
"Angel's grace," She said, "Only two things can kill a demon his size. Angel's grace, like what turned Onoskelis to bone. Fucking asshole." She hissed, recalling the incident. She had been so close to having the necklace, she could almost taste it's divine powers.
Abel's eyes flew open, he was laying on the floor of Mishka's house. He felt disoriented, his body had a floaty feeling tingling just under his skin. A hand was on his back, shaking him,
“Did you go to school for it?”
"My name's Mike, I own the strip club in my town," Donnie read, "something's happening and I think it has to do with the darkness. Please come and help me! Here's the address,"
"No way, Cham! I'm not afraid of this bitch!"
Israfil showed everyone his phone, flipping through a few digital pictures he had drawn of the Adinkras. Donnie beamed at his friend,
"This is Born Again, if you need us. We're here," Abel said before the live feed was shut off.
Donnie gruffed, Robin felt an immediate spike in the others pace. He was excited now, tail wagging as if he were just a puppy. Robin glanced up at the angel with wide eyes, the man's halo was easily seen now as rage rolled through him.
He pushed his way through the undergrowth until his eyes fell on the hole, it had been a long time since he'd seen it. The man was so used to just appearing whenever the demon wanted him too. He narrowed his eyes as he looked inside before leaping in, the darkness swamped over his vision until he landed on his feet. The ground felt squishy to the touch, it almost moved under him as he took a few cautious steps towards the clearing.
“You can not interfere, I brought you to the forest of life so you could watch him without restriction.”
"Suitcases!"
The two turned attention to the fire that ate itself down the steps and through the ceiling. Chamuel lifted his large wings and slammed them to the floor, sending a wave of air at the fire. It extinguished the flames on the steps ever so slightly, enough for the king and lionheart to climb their way up. The Adinkra continued to glow as they moved through the building.
"Bailey! What are you doing here?"
Bailey's eyes flashed to a large construction site, she revved the engine hard before taking a sharp turn into it. The bike screamed as she guided it towards the half built building,
His familiarity was going to drive the hunter insane as he turned on his heels and sauntered off towards the bartop. Another man sat behind the bar with a smile on his face, staring at him with narrowed eyes. He'd never seen the sharp faced man before but the look he was giving Abel made him shutter lightly.
"You think they can smell us?" Breaker asked, pausing as he inspected the wood under his shoes.
"Why do you not have a gun?" Sam asked, sending the address to Abel's phone.
Chamuel tapped Abel on the shoulder, he turned to face the blonde. His heart stopped, the angel's eyes glowed in the Christmas lights. He felt a wave of warmth rush through his system at the man's smile, the way the red and green danced over the blondes peach skin.
"He's not a devil," Chamuel growled, "he's the king of Kings,"
"What is that picture?" Sam narrowed his eyes at the picture.
"Nevermind, I have news,"
"You're trying to defend a gym with a Snubbull," Baal chuckled as he placed his helmet back on. Rolling the purple sleeves of his hoodie up as the bike roared to life.
"Talk, or I clean it with holy water," Bailey snarled, watching as the blessed bullet turned the demon's skin to a vivid white.
Abel gave the man one of his famous shit eating grins, "Names Abel, this is Chamuel. We're what you'd call-- modern day ghost busters,"
“Oh you know uh--” Abel waved a hand in the air,
"Oh? Family of hunters?" Mammon laughed, walking into the church. His feet didn't burn which sent a shot of fear into Donnie, the demon noted the look on the others face. He pulled the sleeve of his jean jacket up to show a deep burn on his skin. It was a shape Donnie had never seen, it looked like a pentagram was turned into a goat.
"Cherm will be taking over Cain if our plan does not work,"
"You can only draw stick figures" Donnie whispered,
He never felt tired before, hungry, or had the desire to use the restroom. As an angel, he wouldn't need to feel those things in his vessel. Yet, he was feeling them. Silently he wondered if Chamuel and Baal also felt it.
"We had to put you down," Vanilla whispered, "You...went a little nuts,"
"How can you be Abel's brother?" Sam asked, eyeing the man, though his caramele skin wasn't anything like Abel's he could really see it in the man's hair and cheekbones. Shaking his head now as he realized why Cain looked so familiar,
She reached forward, he flinched from her hand but relaxed as she started to play with his hair before moving her hand to his yellow hoodie.
"You get another wish," Sam said with a soft laugh. She shut her eyes, listening to the sounds of the night.
"And what's with this? Kinda morbid," she reached forward and touched the purple band.
"Team Born again?" Bailey raised an eyebrow at Donnie who grinned.
"Hey, come on Chammy, you trust me?" he asked with a tilt of his head, Chamuels eyes brimmed with warmth.
"Abel,"
"Chanel,"
"A new king? Please tell me it's the king of Beasts,"
"Yeah man, why?" Abel replied, looking spooked as if he got caught doing something wrong.
The angel showed up within seconds, he nodded at them. The woman looked at the group with tearful eyes as Uriel leaned down and picked her up in his arms.
"How'd you find us?" Abel asked, sitting back in relief, "Did you hear my prayer?" Abel whispered towards Chamuel whose white eyes didn't diminish. He shook his head, leaning down to inspect the blood that ran down the hunters face and arms. Looking for signs of shock only for Abel to smile at him, his teeth stained red.
Israfil didn't want to argue, he simply nodded and smiled at the two.
"You're not stupid! She strung you along for hundreds of years," he murmured, feeling a hot anger burn into his system. How could she be an angel of love if she lied about being in love with someone who was a literal ray of sunshine.
"Excuse me, you can't be in here,"
"Is the building really on fire?" She asked with wide eyes, Chamuel and Abel shot each other a look.
"You thought only a few days ago that you didn't even deserve him, what changed? Now you're completely sure?" Paul challenged, getting to his feet and towering over his brother. Max remained silent, biting his lip nervously.
"Damn, we need to start cutting wing holes into your shirts," He murmured, starting to unwrap the large wound making Chamuel wince. Placing the large first aid kit down on the floor he stood before the man, getting to work.
"What happened? I saw that giant rock and gunned it!"
"We think he's going after the Chamulet," Baal answered, "We're...not completely sure so we tracked him down with the help of a few...friends of mine,"
Danjal screamed in shock as Donnie jumped over the second line of cars and raced down the street, he could hear more officers coming. Robin rode on the back of the wolf with his arrow drawn, ready to shoot if need be. A police helicopter started to take chase, casting a large spotlight on the trio as they tore down the streets of New York City.
"Wait, Israfil! We can take the car!" Sam shouted but the angel was already racing past him with the guitar and bolting out of the home.
Despite his age he seemed decently agile, he laughed softly at the others word, brushing his hands on his pants as if trying to get rid of unseen dirt.
"I've never had ice cream," he said flatly. Mishka choked on the cool dessert, slamming her spoon down dramatically which caused him to wince.
"I have one stop," he said, "I know a guy who can help us understand this thing more,"
"Hey sleepy head," She whispered, chuckling softly. He gave her a small, sleepy smile which made her heart melt.
After the comments on twitter Abel had insisted on a nap, Chamuel didn’t want to argue. He noticed how tired the man had seemed recently, even more so than normal. The second Abel laid down he was out, leaving Chamuel and Donnie to do some research on the strip club, the owner and town.
"Then do it," Mishka challenged, the two stared at each other. She could see it now, Amaryllis wasn't human. They were something else, something Mishka couldn't identify.
"We gonna crash a party?"
Abel snorted as he eyed the phrases on the beer mugs, scouring the crowd with narrowed green eyes until he saw the familiar blonde in a booth. The man waved him over, Abel let out a shaken breath as he marched towards Arphaxat. Sitting down in front of his ex boyfriend.
"You're a badass," Abel laughed, pulling off his jacket, though it was still a little damp, he wrapped it around his friend. The angel smiled at him, tugging the fabric over himself more. The large maw attached to his skin sent shockwaves of agony into the blondes body.
They seemed to be in some type of basement, the ground was made of dirt that was flattened by thousands of shoes through the ages. A few random gaps that lead to nowhere covered the floors around them.
"I'll let ya'll talk about that," Abel said with a grunt, getting to his feet and making for the door. Israfil didn't argue as he watched the man leave, turning to Chamuel who looked dazed.
"Stupid," Cain growled, only for the anger to falter. He rubbed the back of his head awkwardly, how could this rabbit possibly survive now? He didn't think of that, he had assumed the rabbit would lick its wounds or something and move on but the large cut was huge and bleeding badly. Cain sighed, leaning back down and picking the creature up and into his arms.
(This was suppose to be uploaded with the other chapter but I wanted to make it it's own thing)
"Listen kid," He said into the phone, "They ain't fake. They're rare, and they don't usually tend to hang out by themselves. You said you found an underground tunnel?"
They took a few turns, the hunter focused hard as he tried to recall the directions without setting up his phone. Knowing Chamuel would understand what the surprise was immediately before they even got there if he looked at the gps. They drove deep into the city, the angel gasped at all the beautiful lights that drowned out any sadness in the air, the snow whizzed like fireflies past his helmet. The cold air tickled his nose, turning it red. He pushed closer to the other's warmth, letting his head rest on Abel's back. He smiled wide as he watched the world move by in a blur of light, color, music and laughter, people all around enjoying the Holidays with their family. His mind started to wander, heart skipping a few beats when he heard Abel shout to him against the wind,
"I'm Robin," He said after a few seconds of baby talking towards the animal. Getting to his feet and holding out his hand only to withdraw it when the track marks became visible out of the long sleeve shirt he wore.
"I just...don't feel anything. I expected to be sad, or mad or even scared when I shot him but I just felt nothing. I still feel nothing."
"It's not that easy," Sam replied, "You can't just go into town and start ganking these things. We need a plan, you need —" he sighed, rolling his eyes before running fingers through his long hair, "You need someone with experience." The words came out through gritted teeth as he spoke. Sam knew that he was trapped in this, just as he always has been.
"What was his name?" Theo asked, pulling out a notepad and starting to write what they were saying down.
"Robin, I've seen you butt ass naked, hopped up on the Big H and I'm still here. Still your friend. Come on now!"
Abel had been acting off since they woke up, on the drive to Donnies Abel didn't sing any of the songs he put on which concerned Chamuel. He could see something spinning in the hunters head, feel the anger and anxiety. What happened? Was this his fault? He needed to talk to Abel, he needed to tell him everything. The thought scared him, if Abel rejected him what would that mean for their friendship? For the world? For war? He hadn't even considered War in the equation, how would it react to a rejection from the soul whose affection it so desperately sought after.
Lucifer looked down at the picture in shock, but after a few short heartbeats he could easily see the resemblance. In fact, seeing the man’s face filled him with such rage he nearly cracked the phone in his hands.
Cain Pressed a finger down on the computer screen, bringing the tablet to life. With a few swift movements of his digit he was able to bring up her medical records. Glancing through them quickly, looking for signs of mental illness. His eyes flashed to only a few years ago, having been in a Psychiatric hospital for suicidal tendencies and delusions.
“I can hear you,” Sam sighed,
Sam raced his finger through the urban legend section of the book, the Campbells we're big names in the hunting world even when he and Dean we're still actively trying to keep everyone safe. Though he never crossed paths with them, their books helped the brothers once or twice.
"And why are you even here, Hahasiah? I heard you went missing," Chamuel finished, moving his blue gaze from Baal back to the other angel.
The man was right, he was a demon. He'd been nothing but nice and helpful up until that point. It had happened right before Abel was told to wake up, when the 'gift' that Arphaxat had given him was starting to wear off.
"Yeah, when she died she sent her grace into your Adinkra," Abel fiddled with the necklace for a few heart beats.
She walked through the webs with little care, spiders danced around her feet as she made her way to a small, old refrigerator. She opened the top door of the old, yellow cube. Handfuls of meat were packed tight in the frosty cooler, she pushed those aside with a grimace before her hands found the bag of orange, pulpy pumpkin.
Abel looked shocked but didn't stop the other from talking, leaning in more as he listened as if wanting to make sure he didn't miss a single word.
He stood in place, playing and replying it. Wishing silently that this was a movie that could just scroll in and enhance the image. Finally after what felt like hours he paused it directly on the blur in the back, it was only for a few short frames but he got it! His face turned white as he slowly came to realize what it was. Turning in his heels he scrambled back to the other two,
"What's with the tone?"
"He's probably fine, it'll take more than Arphaxat to take him down. He is a higher level than Arphaxat too," She mused.
"This guy's probably a murder, I've seen this horror movie," Abel insisted. Now the two were exhausted, Abel felt anxiety about the lack of response from his own uncle.
“Look, we’re going to play to your strengths,” Sam replied, standing up full now with a little more animation in his step. Tossing the empty beer can into the trash as he walked past. Abel took another sip of the beer, before handing it to Chamuel and following after Sam. Cham blinked down at the half full can then followed after the two, still holding the can.
Baal let out a sigh as he tugged off the black hoodie that helped keep him hidden in the darkness of the night and wrapped it around Chamuel. Attempting to tie it around the other to stop the blood that oozed from his back. The angel groaned in agony, war started to kick back up.
She fell quiet, glaring at Baal who pretended not to notice.
"You had it!" Bailey shouted, throwing her arms up "The  entire time? You have the prophecy,"
"Chamuel, Thank you for, like, putting up with me." He chuckled, "most people, yaknow, think I'm annoying or whatever. But even through me yelling and shoving you around you...still come back,"
Abel sucked in a breath, an angry hiss escaped between his teeth. Another thing he hadn't considered, he felt as if he were drowning now as it occurred to him how much they didn't know.
Abel laughed at the reference, grinning at his friends.
"Probably!" Baal snorted, "Especially since Cain is one of the kings,"
Callista snorted out a laugh, "baby, whenever you used to get drunk all the time you would always brag about it. Besides, Danjal told me."
"Yes," Uriel replied with a sigh,
"Let's find this bitch!" Donnie said, voice echoing around them as the two men took off towards the sound of the harps playing.
"I guess I didn't...think about that, sorry,"
"Fuck it, talking sucks. Let's just drink. As friends,"
"Get him to the others, meet me at the top," Dagmar nodded, escorting Booker downwards.
"Okay, okay," Kriti squeaked, "We heard from Anqa that it's some...weird scheme, make the guy fall in love or something,"
"I…" Chamuel wanted to scream, he had such a strong feeling for Abel but Israfil's words echoed through his skull.
Chamuel continued to watch over him for a while, making sure he didn't have a nightmare. He reached forward and brushed the blood that dotted the top of Abel's head away, almost forgetting about it. His mind moved from Abel to the voice he heard, who was it? Why did it want him to wake Abel so badly? What was happening to Abel? The thoughts stressed him out heavily as he rose to a sitting position, making his way to the shower.
Chamuel tried to shove this to the back of his mind before laying down beside his king. Abel was already almost asleep, his eyes shut, he curled up closer to the pillow like Chamuel watched him do nearly every night before he slipped into the comfort of sleep.
Baal put up a hand, fiddling with an app on his cell phone, “Hang on, I need to get this”
“What?” Sam and Butch said at once, everything about Baal confused the hunters as they attempted to read his face for any clue as to what was going on but Baal seemed far more interested in catching the creature that jumped up and down on his screen yet again.
"And soon the darkness will listen to you without hesitation,"
"Can you get me my phone?"
"Oh! That reminds me," Mishka said, getting to her feet and digging into her pocket. She pulled a small vial out of her jacket, putting it up into the harsh early morning sunshine that bathed the room in its warmth.
“Gives you wings, huh?” He shot the man a grin, taking a sip of his own energy drink.
Bailey tilted her head to him, eyes dancing over his being before she glanced at Baal and back to him.
"Hey...Cham," Abel whispered, the angel glanced up from his phone. His eyes brimmed with exhaustion despite the redbull that pumped through his system.
"I'm at Bobby's, something weird is happening here. Get here right away. I think we were fo"
“Aw come on, why are you so weird, you gotta have a preference,” Abel insisted, eyes glowing with warmth as he watched the man.
“Guy probably decided to bounce." Abel replied, turning towards his friend with a plate. Placing it in front of the other who looked at it surprised.
“You don’t look okay, what happened?”
"Abel…" Chamuel murmured,
"Anyways, it'll try to find me. But until then we're going to try to find it before someone else. Someone like Butch."
They waited for a few more hours, Sam practically squirming in his skin as he stared at the front door. Attempting to keep himself calm, Abel wasn't a child, if he was in trouble he also had backup.
"What?" Donnie hissed at the man, Paul grinned bright at his brother with a shit eating grin plastered on his face as if he'd learned the secret to Atlantis.
"What's up, pal?" Sam asked, sipping his coffee. "We need to head to school,"
"Oh I'm going to turn you into dust," Chamuel roared at the demon.
That was Abel, he wasn't one to stray from a new friend or two. Though this always worried the wolf he didn't fight it anymore. The GPS on the dash let out a ping as they drove down another street. He could tell Robin was terrified, he smelled the others tears. He wasn't sure how he knew that but he could tell they were tears. The man was right though, as the day went on he was able to understand different smells and sounds, he could smell everything! He hadn't needed his glasses either, his vision was clear as water. His mind snapped back to reality when he smelled something else, he turned to look at Israfil. He could smell the same, salty smell, coming from the angel. Though it had a hint of his scene in it making it easier to tell the difference.
Instinct kicked over him, it was as if a voice was telling him what to do. He placed both hands on Donnie, closing his eyes and releasing a breath. The Adinkra glowed bright on his chest, pain sunk into his arms and hands but he refused to move as a heavenly light glowed against Cain's caramel skin and rolled over Donnie.
"Well, if you fail," Uriel stood up, putting a hand on the other's shoulder, Chamuel felt a touch of warmth in his face. His headache vanished, his vision cleared as the other angel healed up his wounds.
His last words caused a shiver to roll down Abels spin, closing his eyes as the demon held him against his chest. Racing his fingers through Abel’s hair, silently the two sat. The soft songs on birds above brought comfort to the hunter.
"That was awesome! I got that on camera," Donnie laughed into the headphones.
He looked puzzled now, she around him to the back of the couch to get a better view of the back of his head.
Slowly the neutral look turned to that of horror as the texts continued onward. His jaw practically dropped, how could Abel ever believe he'd even think anything like this,
"We have to go," he breathed.
"I'm not going to hurt you," She whispered, placing her hand on his cheek and lifting his head. She brushed his tears away, she'd never in her life experienced what had just happened. She heard stories, seen articles, but she felt privileged that she hadn't had to worry.
He placed a hand on the man's chin, sending a wave of heat over the other. Healing the other's busted up cheek and bruised jaw, though he wasn't strong enough to heal the tooth. Healing was getting harder too, the darkness, it made him strong but nerfed other parts of him. He didn't understand why but he could only roll with the punches as they came.
"I'm not good at committing crimes," Israfil whispered to the other as he followed him out. Leaving the crumpled, wet money on the counter.
Donnie chuckled nervously and pushed himself off Israfil, sitting down beside him. Israfil sat up and laughed, rubbing dirt off his face before leaning forward and brushing dirt off Donnie's forehead. Instinct kicked in, Donnie placed a hand on the other's cheek. Israfil leaned into it, his own palm moved from the other's forehead to the back of the man's neck. The space between them wasn't much as Donnie admired the man before him.
“I watched that video, Sam, what's going on?”
"Shut up, you didn't grab the right one either,"
Chamuel nodded at this, glancing back to the door to make sure no one had come running while he wasn't paying attention. He swallowed hard when he noticed Bailey had taken the chair he was sitting on. Giving him a thumbs up, she had talked him through it all the past two days while Abel was out. Helping him plot exactly what to say while also scolding him for not discussing everything with them.
"Donnie, that's Cain!"
"That's the guy who talked to me," Israfil whispered to Donnie as they watched the group of officers from the shadows of a tree.
"Why would I be calling you if I knew that?" Abel asked
"You can't let me sound cool for one minute?"
"Me and my Lionheart," He finished, at this Israfil noticed a shimmer of gold flash in Donnie's gaze. The crowd let out a burst of excitement. Buck laughed, placing a hand on his son's shoulder. After a few more words he and Israfil made their way back to their assigned pews.
The hunter turned on his heels, knowing he didn't have much time and shoving his entire arm into Chamuel's puddle. The angels eyes turned white,
Chamuel scoffed, looking up at the other with a grateful smile on his face knowing Abel heard but didn't push it.
The woman went over a handful of medications that didn't interest Cain, mostly antipsychotics, depression and anxiety. He typed them into his own person notes regardless, placing the phone on the counter as the woman babbled about something that Cain didn't find interesting.
"Your apology?" He asked, tilting his head only for Arphaxat to hold a hand out towards him.
He felt hot anger, determination flood through his system as he watched his Lionheart struggle to reach him. His blue eyes filled with fear and pain,
"Guys she's heading your way! Hurry up!"
"Come on," Mishka huffed, Cain shivered, glancing back to his car he let the woman's hand go and made for the vehicle. She blinked in surprise but followed after him, pulling out her phone and typing away on it as she went. A frown on her lips as she scrolled through her Twitter, the group was being tagged all over the place. She heard the sound of police but couldn't place where, she watched Cain dig through the trash in his car before tugging a hoodie out.
Chamuel took another few sips of the alcohol, reaching a hand towards Abel with a groan. Abel took the hand without hesitation, letting the man squeeze him with every move of the needle.
"Uriel! One more," Abel said into the ear piece.
"I know, I'm just stressed out," She admitted, "And I've been sick and it's just too much, sorry Abe,"
"Got your stuff," he said, holding up the bag. She smiled big, taking it from him.
Sam gawked at her before looking at Chamuel and back to her, not answering.
"We're stuck together, so let's at least not fight,"
Chamuel shook his head, “No,” he murmured, Cham couldn't tell Abel the real issue. He wanted to, he felt the intense desire to spill it all out but Uriel was right. He hardly knew Abel, and soul mates were so rare. Why would it happen to him? He continued to rub his hands together only for Abel to let his arm drop off him and place a hand over Chamuels.
The old man sat back with a sigh, Ancitif felt a spark in him he never felt before. Clenching his shirt now until his knuckles turned white.
The agent now looked down right, then left before glancing right.
She pulled the adinkra from her pocket, it hummed loudly as she wrapped it around Donnie's neck.
"Has anyone died here recently?"
"Angel's grace can only heal so much," Stella murmured, frowning deeply.
"Five?"
"Definitely not, especially with Bailey and Sam sneaking out at night,"
"I'll tell you more, if you admit you like Abel more than a little play thing," she winked at him, the glass in his hand shattered causing everyone to look towards them in the bar.
“Holy shit,” Abel whispered,
"Good shot!" Arphaxat said, Abel glanced towards the other only to find his lips against Arphaxat's once more. Causing his chest to burn, heart skipping as the demon pulled him to his chest. Abel blinked in surprise as Arphaxat's tongue darted between his lips, the sharp taste of something rolled down the man's throat. The bitter substance doubled his vision, lights flashing before his mind's eye.
"Do you know what his friend gave him?" She asked, glancing at what he was writing on the board, "Mr. Bert Jacobson," She said with a smile. He nodded at this before handing her the rest of the papers.
"N-no sir! It's nothing like that,"
Cham laughed, his eyes warm, “Did you just say you’re my friend?”
Both the twins head's shot up causing Bailey to grin wide, "You got any, sammy?" She asked, the beaten men shook their heads violently at Sam as if begging him not to have any.
Ignacio shook his head, closing the screen on the camera. “If I’m gonna be a famous director I’ll need to use a real camera!” He insisted, “Come on!” He grabbed at the blondes hoodie.
"Guess..we haven't," he whispered.
Sam laughed. For the first time, Abel saw Sam smile and it made him feel more at ease,
The two continued to chat as they made for the small shop, Chamuel paused. Abel stopped as well, glancing at the man who looked around in confusion.
Baal sat on the couch with Israfil, both men holding their phones together and laughing, Donnie stood behind the angel of music. Watching as they played their game, occasionally taking a sip from the juice in his hands. Norma danced in the middle of the floor in front of a large Christmas tree, presents scattered around the bottom. Music played loudly as Sam and Bailey attempted to show the woman how to do a specific dance move. His eyes moved towards Cain and Mishka, grinning at his brother whose arm was wrapped around the woman. She was cuddled up against him, holding a cup of hot chocolate and watching him play a game on her switch.
