Behind Samuel's obituary was another one, and another one, and another one. There were
to imagine John with someone else. They had never been a couple, but even before he'd been honest about the nature and depth of his own feelings, Sherlock knew he'd been possessive of John. It was hard not to be when John had brought so many good things into his life.
A shiver ran down Sherlock's spine and he turned to look over his shoulder at the suppressants, still lying useless on the kitchen table. John strode forward, deceptively silent, although Sherlock knew, from the handful of times John had held him back from danger, that John was frighteningly strong.
have that kind of relationship."
Sherlock tapped his forehead as though he had missed something obvious. "
"Naturally," Sherlock murmured blithely. Then his arm a few inches to glance sideways at John. "About what?"
Once he'd obtained to documents he'd stored them in his office; every political office held a secret compartment or two these days. His plan had no doubt been to sell the trade agreement secretly. This would not only make him money, but provide excellent discussion material for his campaign to end corruption in the government.
familiar with basic medical practices."
"Come on, give it here, you'll never crack the password. You're just wasting your time." Mr. Murphy insisted.
John awoke to the smell of hot tea and old papers. He blinked open his eyes and smiled at the steaming mug of tea and the scone on the coffee table. He was still on the sofa. The good doctor rolled into a sitting position and stretched, causing the blanket he'd wrapped around himself to fall to his waist.
Only...only in this last month... Had it been a whole month? Longer? Shorter? John knew it was more than a week since he'd been to the morgue, but after that the days had blurred together. The foundations he'd built his life in had once more shifted into sand under his feet, and John wasn't sure what to do. He'd called out of work for a while, indefinitely. It wasn't like he didn't have savings.
Mr. Miller took a breath, then made himself look up once more. "Look, you have to understand, Anna's never really been anyone of consequence. She's not famous, she's never really been in the paper, and she likes her privacy. She is, however, quite wealthy. Her parents were fairly well-off, and after they were killed in a car accident her first year at University, she began investing their money. Her investments did well, and she worked hard over the years to be able to bolster their size. She hasn't worked, and hasn't needed to work for a few years now, although she maintains her investments, and continues to grow her fortune. Now, I think that liability had finally caught up with her."
Caring had always been such a central part of John's existence; it was no surprise to learn that he was disgusted by those who shied away from affection as though the very notion were unclean. Then again, perhaps living with Sherlock had begun to make him paranoid. The great git played mind games at every opportunity, leveraging his nihilistic perspective.
believe she was loved and safe, but she never quite shook her reticent nature. Although nothing could be changed about her past, John often wished he could have adopted her earlier.
The memory flashed in his mind's eye, himself arguing with Irene Adler. She'd seen the truth before he had, but so had almost everyone else.
John surrendered to the sensations and allowed Sherlock to nearly lull him to sleep with his careful ministrations.  He was, however, awake enough to feel Sherlock slide his hand into John's and return the small squeeze it gave.  That small squeeze spoke volumes.  John knew he wasn't alone.
had followed him around like a bane as well all these long months... When he first saw her, she had been plain enough to hide in the background, unnoticed, but then again she had wanted it that way.
John's jaw set in a hard line. "I stopped stating the obvious because it never seemed to help." His voice was terse, but John was pleased he managed to refrain from making a flippant comment, although he was sorely tempted. He was, however, going to put an end to this conversation. "Regardless of misinformation, my personal life is
"You kept thumbs in the fridge and eyeballs in the microwave for seven years!" John called after the retreating form of his husband.
The address Lestrade had given him turned out to be a large, elegant town house, close enough to the heart of the city to be convenient for any travel within the city, but in a neighborhood that did its best to make anyone forced to work for a living feel uneasy. Every building on the street held elegant architecture and foreboding gates.
James nodded, understanding. "Come on then, we should get you home."
?" in a quiet, defeated voice.
"Are any of you here for a
Sherlock sipped his tea, not bothering to respond.
But he was close, so close to discovering the truth, some crucial thread that he would be able to follow all the way back to its source at last. He needed to think, the answers were all here in front of him, he just needed to think… He shifted, laid down on the sofa, pressed his hand together below his chin, and closed his eyes.
"It's fine, Mr. Watson. I'm used to much worse with that one handing around." She look up meaningfully, and John was utterly perplexed by the fond smile that graced her features. How could
John could only hope those questions would remained unasked this time, and that his reputation of working with Sherlock wouldn't be held against him. He stood and looked around, locking eyes with a dark eyed, dark haired man in a long white coat. "That's me," John announced, striding forward with his hand out.
Lauren let out a long sigh that sounded more like a growl, then looked back to Sherlock. There was a lengthy pause before she said, "If anything happens to Toby, I. Will. Be. Out. For. Blood."
but perhaps she'd received a tip or a call. He wanted a case that was an eight, but at the moment he'd even leave the house for a six.
of Sherlock's true alignment, most people thought or pretended Sherlock was a beta, and yet he had slipped into Sherlock's world like an alpha who had been born to the role. ...Sherlock didn't think even Mycroft would've shot that cabbie for him...
!" John spat, hitting his hand against the table in frustration. He had stared fixedly out the window for a few moments, his breath coming in quick pants. John ran a hand over his face and through his hair before finally asking, "
"I've been meaning to get back to work at a surgery, or something, but Harry has been too ill to be left alone."
John shrugged again. "She's taking things one day at a time. She's still feeling overwhelmed by almost everything. She's really grateful to be at the Edelweiss Recovery Center, because it feels isolated there, and she feels like she can take her time making a plan for everything."
"They must really need the help," Mary mused. "Be careful not to overwork yourself."
There was very little conversation after the service, a few whispered condolences and goodbyes, nothing more. John stayed after everyone had left, and Sherlock stayed with him, silently holding his hand. Once the grave had been filled and they were well and truly alone John started to wonder if Sherlock would stand there with him through the night if John didn't leave? John hadn't really intended to stay this long; it just hadn't felt right to leave yet.
"No need to be immaculate when it doesn't matter if you're caught afterwards," Sherlock murmured. "He's making his final play..."
Mr. Murphy's office was behind two solid, glossy wooden doors with gold inlay. The secretary, busily typing away behind her desk just outside, glanced once at Marcus and said nothing to impede their progress.
Mary's flat was a short walk from the clinic, in an unremarkable looking building. John walked with her up three flights of stairs to her door: 355 A. Mary fished her keys out of her purse, and let them inside. John smiled when she flicked on the light. The switch was linked to a few lamps throughout the room, which bathed it in a soft glow. There was an overhead lamp, but it remained dark, and John wasn't sorry for it. The walls were a golden yellow, almost orange with white trim, and the floors were polished wood. The furniture in was sparse and sturdy, expensive pieces that wouldn't likely need to be replaced, and most of them were deep brown wood.
~*~*~*~
John smiled softly and said, "I have nightmares sometimes too, love, so we're a matched set."
John shook his head. "No, it just feels good to be out and about."
Sherlock frowned again and studied the view out of his own window. For just a moment John wondered if he'd glimpsed the wounded person this beast of a man used to be... From what little John knew no one really liked this man who could read their deepest secrets as though they had them written on their foreheads... It couldn't be easy to see that rejection time and time again because of something that seemed to come so naturally...
Mycroft had informed John that Rosamund was Mary's real name, Rosamund Kelleher, maiden name Rosamund Stoll. She'd apparently adopted the name Mary Morstan when Sean had been killed and she'd left her former work behind her.
Mary nodded. "Normally I wouldn't, but that sounds nice, actually."
John wormed his way into the sitting room, and rounded the corner into the kitchen. He set his bags down on the table, feeling stupid for being disappointed that there was enough room on the table for him to do that. It was amazing what could grow on you, even if it annoyed you...
John opened his mouth to protest, but the line had already gone dead. He closed his mouth, and frowned at his phone, resisting the urge to grumble in frustration. If Sherlock was right, this would all be over very soon. John looked back to Eric and said, "I'm sorry, I have to go."
“I know..I..it’s our baby..” He chuckled wetly, wiping his eyes with his free hand
“I went into heat the day after we had sex and I guess your sperm was still fresh enough to fertilize me. So, I got pregnant. Meanwhile, you fucking got married and went on your stupid, disgusting sex holiday with your wife!” Sherlock boomed, chest heaving with anger
“Let’s play ‘never have I ever’..” The omega smirked a bit
Apologies for the chapter being so short, I've had a bit of writers block the last few days
Sherlock stopped dead and looked at him, everyone in the bar now staring at them.
About two weeks had passed before John finally came over and Sherlock was furious. The alpha knocked on the door and shifted, palms sweating with nervousness.
‘Okay..is everything alright?’
John paled a bit and took a sip “Never have I ever lied about being gay.”
“More than I ever thought possible..he’s the love of my life and he’s gone and..” he teared up “and I just can’t take it.”
“I’m leaving, Molly, I can’t do it. I can’t watch it any longer..it..it hurts too much.”
John couldn’t help but hold Sherlock’s waist, watching in confusion as the omega leaned in and clashed their lips together in a heated kiss.
“That’s not all I’m good at.” He winked at Sherlock
Sherlock watched him leave, curling up in his chair, hand going to his little belly
“John..I..I think you should know that I wasn’t in love with Irene. I never ever was and I never ever could be because..I’m gay. Always have been, since I was a boy. I never wanted to tell you because I was afraid that you’d find out.”
“WHY!?”
“John, please..please, I promise you I’ll be everything you need. Don’t leave..don’t do this.”
“Find out what?”
“Oh yeah..okay, no problem.” He split the scans in half and handed Sherlock his share before putting the others in his pocket “I gotta go back to work but I’ll see you this weekend?”
John took only a moment before capturing Sherlock’s lips again, sliding his tongue into the omegas mouth with a muffled moan, as Sherlock started unbuttoning John’s shirt while they kissed, pushing it open and rubbing at his chest with a pleased noise The alpha allowed it, suddenly finding himself ripping open the detective’s shirt without popping a single button and moving to suck on his neck with great power, sure to leave marks.
Sherlock burst into tears and turned, burying his face in John’s stomach. The alpha slowly pet his curls and looked at the doctor
“Sherlock..hey..”
“Certainly.” She nodded softly and did so, handing them to John before exiting the room
Sherlock moaned louder as John hit his prostate “Fuck..fuck..rough, John..please..”
Sherlock plucked up his phone about three weeks later. He scrolled through his phone until he got to John’s number and he called him hesitantly
Sherlock waited outside the bar for John. He had invited him on the case at the baby appointment they were at. He saw him pull up and went inside, sitting at the bar, coat hiding his belly bump.
John rubbed his face with his hands before continuing, cheeks pink, palms sweaty
“How dare you do this to me!? You’re just flirting with this guy right in front of me! While you’re pregnant with our daughter! Do you have any idea how disrespectful and hurtful that is?”
The omega shoved the note in his pocket and went to his room, slamming the door behind him and curling up in bed with fat tears rushing to his eyes. John didn’t love him anymore and now? It was evident that he never would.
“Alright, Mr. Holmes, you’re thirteen weeks along..your growth looks really good. The baby sounds and looks perfectly healthy..”
Sherlock didn’t sleep that night, lying in bed until it was time for his appointment. He got ready and got in a cab, riding to the doctor’s office. He got out and looked at the building with a sigh, sitting down on a bench to wait for John. He cupped his belly through his coat and smiled a bit. To be honest, he was nervous to have a baby but he loved the thought of growing a baby, John’s baby, no less, inside of him.
“Sherlock.” He sighed and turned, approaching him “Remember what I said? This can’t happen. I’m about to get married. I can never be with you..I just can’t..I just can’t date a guy..it’s..not right for me.”
“John, urm..you know..it’s..it’s never too late to back out and try to be together..” he mumbled
John clenched his fists in his lap and nodded. He stood up and looked down “I..I need some time to think about it. I need time. Will you give me some time?”
“No problem, Sherlock. Anytime.”
“Just shut up and kiss me, please.” He begged hastily
Several minutes later, John cycled into the parking lot, locking his bike and heading over to the omega, palms sweating with an off-place nervousness. He looked down at him with a tiny smile
“Hey, it’s good to see you.”
“Sherlock? You okay?”
“There was never any case, John. I just wanted you to be honest with me about how you felt, so I asked David to flirt with me to make you jealous...” He sighed
Sherlock's finger drifted downwards next, hovering over Susan's shoulder. "Her posture indicates chronic back pain likely from tension and from muscle bruising or pulling." Sherlock finger drifted down again, stopping at her ribs. "Her breathing pattern indicates she has at least three bruised ribs on her right side." Sherlock's finger moved again stopping at her left knee. "Torn ligaments there on the mend, she's favoring it much more than the right side, although…" Sherlock's finger dropped again to her left ankle, "This has been broken, twice before, and that exacerbates the variations in her gait.
"Just like that," John agreed reaching for his wine, hoping it would fortify him.
have that title, but he had to try. What choice did he have? Sherlock was gone, irrevocably. There was no way John could willingly open himself up to that potential threat to his sanity again, he wasn't even sure he could survive this current loss. It had taken everything John had just to survive Sherlock's fall… But John Watson was a survivor; always had been, always would be. He would find a way.
"If you're confident you can put her off until tomorrow, John, then I'll leave it to you to give her the good news."
bed—"
in love with him," Sherlock says, making a noise of frustration. "That's my
He has Mrs. Hudson to fuss over him and bring him biscuits and make tea; John doesn't hear the familiar strain of
All through his work day, though, John can't stop thinking about the fight. He thinks of the look on Sherlock's face, the one he swore he would never put there. It's easy to lash out when you're afraid—so easy to break a promise when forced to face those fears, fears he pushed down into the subterranean depths of his mind and convinced himself they no longer had the power to hurt him.
"It sounds more like a stage performance than a press conference," John says, automatically having taken notes just like he's always done when they had clients. Sherlock remains suspiciously quiet while they explain it, and every time John glances at him, he can see the tension worsening in Sherlock's body. When he catches Sherlock twisting his hands in his lap, John stands up abruptly, cutting Greg off.
After everyone settles down with their tea, Mycroft begins explaining how the press conference is going to go—what time it'll start, when they need to be there, who will participate in the press conference, who will speak, and who will be there just for show. There will be a pre-approved list of questions for the journalists to ask Sherlock, and Mycroft has already found Sherlock a publicist to help him navigate the tricky timing of the press conference.
Danilo comes up with a plan for Zivko to lose his virginity to Sherlock.
Over the next few weeks, Sherlock grew in both size and length. His jaw became heavier, his legs more powerful, his tail thicker. He developed a ruff that lay flat until he felt threatened or angry and then it shot up to frame his neck. Sherlock could make it vibrate and it gave off a sound much like a rattlesnake's. He loved to use it on Mycroft and, occasionally, on John if John was being particularly insistent in not giving Sherlock his way.
Of course, Gerald is last. Everyone holds their breath as Sherlock stiffens when John introduces them. There is a brief staring contest as they size each other up. Sherlock softens first, puts out his hand. So quietly only John and Gerald can hear, he says, "Thank you for loving him when I couldn't," and John gulps over the lump in his throat.
"I'd say high heels and women's underwear are pretty common."
Sherlock can hear him moving quickly down the narrow back stairs, what was a servants' staircase when the house was built. It was walled off sometime in the 1960s, but he had it opened back up shortly after John moved in with him so that John didn't have to traipse down the main stairs in his robe and slippers every morning. He said he worried Mrs. Hudson would pop out of her flat and get an eyeful of his
"Where's Gerald?" John asks Cyril after they exchange what Cyril calls a
Sherlock hurries after John and finds him in Sherlock's bedroom, but the room has changed. Sherlock doesn't bother to catalogue the changes. His eyes are only for John, who's yanking open a drawer and pulling on a t-shirt.
"How can people
still want—I'd like to try it."
"What's wrong?" John asked carefully.
“Stop,” Sherlock snaps and puts himself back together.
"Yeah, all right," John says, smiling warmly. "Just let me fetch my book, yeah?"
"Why?" Sherlock asks impatiently.
"You've always just taken what you wanted. Why am I any different?" John says with a pained, disbelieving laugh. He throws his arms wide in challenge, and then brings his hands in to tap roughly at his chest. "You want me? Well, here I am! Take me!"
John looks at her face, and sees a secret smile, and knows she's remembering what it feels like to fall in love. He glances at her wedding ring, the simplicity of it, so different from her personality, and very much different from her sister's wedding ring, and then looks forward again.
Good morning to you, too, sexy. I missed you last night. I hate sleeping alone.
"Did you think I didn't want you?" John asks, his voice no longer laughing, his brows drawing together in puzzlement.
"We need to talk," John said.
watch you die!” John shouts angrily. He takes a deep breath. “God, I fucking missed you. Come here you shithead, you owe me a hug. I'm sending you my therapy bills, too.”
. Gerald's advice went a long way to easing John's worries about anal sex, whether it involved a penis or not.
"I'm ready," John says, his voice coming out breathy and tremulous.
in love with him."
so I kept my feelings to myself,
"I would've loved you like that," he whispers.
Thank you to *all of you* for coming with me on the journey, for crying with me and then getting hot under the collar with me. ;D (I do love to write me some filthy smut.)
he tells himself.
John bent over in agony.
John takes a deep breath and then begins ticking off Sherlock’s injuries. "So, lacerations on your back due to beating with a belt. Bruised kidney. Internal abdominal bruising. Broken and cracked ribs. Hairline fracture to the left elbow. Sprained right wrist. Dislocated left shoulder. Fungal skin infection."
, the
"Careful!" John said.
Except then there's a forty-seven year old obese women who comes in with stomach,  shoulder, and back pain, and even though John knows that women's heart attack symptoms aren't as obvious as men's, he's too busy thinking about the fight last night to pay attention.
Sherlock says nothing.
Before he realizes he's made a decision, Sherlock jumps up from the microscope and darts for their bedroom. After showering and shaving, he shimmies into a pair of dark skinny jeans that John says makes his arse look like he's nineteen, and a blue button down with subtle silver stripes. He rolls up the sleeves because it's about a thousand degrees outside, but he doesn't want to meet John's friends wearing a t-shirt.
The something interesting involves his microscope. Only, he finds himself staring into the middle distance, unseeing, his mind on John and this party. It occurs to him, quite belatedly, that if he truly wants to show John that he's sorry—not, not that he's sorry. To show John how much Sherlock loves him,
"I don't have any injuries that would require a hospital stay, John."
However, he doubted that Sherlock—who was, after all, in the midst of using himself as a shield against a perceived threat to John—would appreciate being hauled up into an embrace and told he was
If you're wondering why the chapter count has changed, it's because I binned a bunch of scenes from chapters 12-15. In "Return," the handjob Sherlock gives John was not in the original outline, but my Muse would not be placated, and insisted it should remain.
, Sherlock. They'll set up a date for him and Sherlock, they say. Has Zivko gone to confession yet? Is Zivko going to help Sherlock escape so they can run away together?
"Look, stay cool while I take a shower and get some food in me. Then I've got to sleep, especially if you're going to hatch soon. I'll have to call into work, take the week off. I've got a lot of vacation time coming up, but—" and there he trailed off because the word
"It's his teeth," Chatsworth said when he stood up and went to the sink to wash his hands. "The entire top and bottom set have broken through the gums."
"Dr. Watson, I assure you that I don't wish to force the issue, but you must look at this logically. It's simply impossible for you to keep the egg."
"You obviously know I'm a doctor, so you tell me what kind of
and he's trying to grab onto John's rapidly filling prick.
Sherlock slides his hands slowly inside the back of John's scrubs and digs his fingers into John's arse, spreading his cheeks slightly when he pulls John roughly into him. John groans, and widens his legs eagerly. Sherlock raises his hips up to grind his pelvis against John's. They both moan, and Sherlock whispers
, I'm happy to see you."
"Mr. Watson," the behemoth said, putting his hands on John's shoulders to steady him. The man's voice was so deep it was like a growl.
"Pretend I'm a girl," Sherlock says with a glare. "Nobody outside of here will know."
and Sherlock, who has been waiting for this moment for almost six hundred days, drops into a crouch and clasps his hands over his head.
Sherlock's breath hitches, and he swallows the need to cry. The tears spill over regardless, and Sherlock looks down at the floor, trying to control himself. John says his name, gently, and that makes the ache in Sherlock's chest even stronger.
"They forced him to rape you," John clarifies.
"Don't you want me to do important work? Saving people's lives and making a difference in the world? When you're human and you introduce me to people and they ask
. I only
"Alright," Rebecca says carefully, turning to face the same direction as John, her fizzing, bubbling personality capped for now. She takes a deep breath, and says, "Please come on Saturday, John. Sherlock is invited, too."
John says his name again, just a whisper, but Sherlock shakes his head, slinging tears as he does, crying so hard he feels dehydrated, and staggers away from a stunned John. He flees to the upstairs bedroom. He leaves the overhead light and the lamp on, afraid of the dark, but he closes the door, the first time he's done so since coming home. He crawls under the covers and pulls them over his head, something he hasn't done since childhood. This time the monster he's hiding from is the hollowness in his chest where the hope for John's love used to be.
, John! Oh, bloody, hell, we
—for you! If it were just me, do you think I would
Finally, they have to squat down and form a hunched windbreak with their bodies to get the matches to light. After several attempts, they get the edge of the little notebook smoldering, but it goes out before the flame can spread. They laugh, their lips chapped from the sudden cold, dry weather in the last couple of days.
"The brief will—"
"Jesus,
, and I want that with you in every sense of the word."
John's face turns so red Sherlock wonders if there's actual heat coming off his skin.
and touches his tongue to the tiny white pill inside, then pulls it back into his mouth, remembering not to swallow or chew, but let it dissolve on his tongue.
"Yeah, it's just—it's been a huge adjustment. It'll be weeks before I get used to seeing him around the flat. I can't talk long, but I wanted to let you know that I told Janie at work that I was trying to get Harry into rehab and needed a week off. I texted Rebecca the same thing 'cause she was worried about me."
"I love you, John," he said, melting John's heart
"I want to know what happened," John says.
," Mrs. Hudson, barely stifled, continues. "So secretive and always plotting. Shame on you for leaving us behind to think you were dead! I intend to have a word with your mother—please tell me you've told
, John," Sherlock said with authority.
Settle down
Without you...hm-mm…hm-mm-mm
"Let's see how far along you are," John said, holding the sensor against the egg and pushing the button. When John read the readout, he felt his chest tighten and his stomach swoop uncomfortably. "104.2°. Wow," he said in a hushed voice. "You're really close to hatching, aren't you?"
John crouched down and grabbed him by the shoulders. "Sherlock. You need to take a deep breath. Breathe with me
John feels his eyes beginning to burn with tears so he keeps his head lowered.
"Okay, but then I want to know more about this penis business."
"If you'd have let me go with you, I would've kept you from it! And if I couldn't keep you from it, you
"So, even though you were
, and an awful lot like healing.
One third porn
"No, I just – " John stops, looking at the cabbie. John doesn't want the cabbie to overhear.
"That's ridiculous." John turns his face away.
John's brain starts sorting through everything he and Sherlock spoke about and comes up blank on the words "the young guard." John wants to know what Mycroft feels is so important, but he doesn't want to betray Sherlock's trust by gossiping with his brother.
John gets to his knees and sits back on his heels. His erection is a fat bulge at the front of his dark grey pants.
"Please don't tell me he's going to try to hump my leg."
Mycroft looks up and fixes his gaze on John, "I would prefer that your friend remain in the dark about Sherlock."
You'll have to go to the health food store for some of these.
"Sixty seconds, Mr. Holmes," Cayden says, raising his eyebrows pointedly at him and John.
Stricken, John feels in his bones the truth of what Gerald is saying. He feels like folding in half, it hurts so bad to be reminded that while John has this wonderful group of friends, Sherlock has nobody but John.
"You feel you, what—deceived him?"
"I know that—"
"Yes," John says, his voice partially muffled by the duvet.
(Sherlock is reminded of all the times John and Greg chatted about football or rugby at crime scenes, or—worse—about John's current girlfriend, and Greg's marital problems. Sherlock had watched them then with a brutal jealousy that frustrated him without end. He'd known, of course, that he felt something for John—physical attraction if nothing else—and he'd also known that Greg and John were both bisexual, and Greg's marriage was on the rocks. He could easily see John and Greg on one of their pub nights, maybe having had one too many, agreeing to share a cab, knowing Greg's stop would be John's, too, even though they'd only obliquely hinted at seeking comfort in each other. Then, John coming home in the morning, rumpled, and smelling of beer and sex, trying to mask his guilt and fear of discovery from Sherlock. Until Moriarty had become a genuine problem, Sherlock had dreaded the words,
. Funny that—he feels safer eating a banana that a stranger left in a public place, than he would if he'd found it on his kitchen table, knowing how little regard Sherlock has for disclosing the parameters of an experiment to John before using him in one.
. He doesn't think he can bear it if Gerald stops seeing him because of this.
—Christ, Sherlock, we're supposed to be talking about this not—"
"I think you're right. Symbolism trumped by practicality."
The worst gnawing pain of his grief lessens over time. John never goes a day without thinking about Sherlock – how can he not when he's still living in the flat they shared, when Sherlock is in every single object, his ghost floating through every single room? The daily reminders eventually become welcome because John never wants to forget. He had nothing before he met Sherlock and now, even though Sherlock is gone, John is still alive and loved.
. His face makes it pretty clear. John twirls his finger in the
"I do. Very much so. Do you think you can come by tonight—I know it's late—but can you come pick up two prescriptions I wrote for him and drop them off at the chemist's? There's one on your way home that's open all night. I can pick them up tomorrow. I'll need to get some stuff from the shops anyway. I don't have much here for us to eat. You've spoiled me, always cooking."
Later John asked, "Why did MH say I shouldn't touch your egg?"
!" Sherlock finishes with a groan of frustration.
Sherlock's voice trembles, his hand slows, and John's orgasm thankfully recedes. Sherlock's voice shivers with vulnerability and the naked longing makes John's throat close up.
broke him.
"Not as such, no."
Sherlock drops his hands to his sides and steps back, his demeanor suddenly cool. "You seem to have a lot of those lately," he says stiffly.
), after having ended his relationship with Gerald, and Sherlock is at least partially if not completely at fault. Sherlock's very existence has always made it difficult for John to date
"Oh, believe me—Mr. Holmes is footing the bill for this and I'm also getting paid. Which reminds me—I'll be living here until Sherlock has settled comfortably into human form. I've taken the upstairs bedroom, which Mr. Holmes leased from your landlady—Mrs. Hudson if I recall? Come knock on my door at any time. Oh, and let me give you my mobile number just in case."
Grief, Gerald says, is like a broken glass. You can glue the pieces back together and it will still hold water, but a tiny bit will always seep through the cracks.
His lips travel from John's ear down to his jaw, to his throat where they rest against John's carotid.
—not to laugh, but the look of utter horror on Sherlock's face, as it dangles from his hand is too hard to resist.
"I want to undress you slowly, my lips, and tongue, and teeth working their way from your mouth down to your neck, and then your chest, but no lower, at least not yet. I'll use the time spent undressing you to pour my love for you into every kiss and caress. When you try to hurry things along, I'll slow you down, but when I finally remove our clothes, it won't be love I'm thinking of. Our height difference makes it too unwieldy for me to take you on your hands and knees, but I'll work you open in that position, and then I'll lie down on my back, and watch you pant and grunt and wince at the burn as you work yourself down onto my cock. I'll let you set the pace at first, but then I'll put my feet flat on the bed, grasp one half of your arse in each hand, and thrust myself into you, spreading your arse cheeks so I can get in as deep as possible. You'll come first, and then I'll pull out and roll you back onto your hands and knees, and make you spread yourself open for me, and you will, even though it means your face is smashed uncomfortably into the mattress. When you've got them spread as wide as you can, I'll jack myself while staring at your hole, the rim red and puffy and slightly gaping, aiming my dick so that when I come, I'll paint your hole with my semen. I'll make you keep yourself spread open so I can watch my cum drip from your arsehole to your balls, and then I'll lick it off, balls first before burying my face between your cheeks to make sure I lick you clean."
It's only then that he realizes the folder is no longer on the table. He didn't touch it, which means Sherlock must have stuck it back in his duffel bag. John doesn't want to go in there and wake him up so he lets it go for now. He sends Gerald a text message with the list.
, you still have all your fucking clothes on!"
"The hoarding bit is spot on. Our urge is to hoard anything we think of as ours and that includes people."
Chatsworth pulled a small paper bag out of a much larger one but didn't immediately hand it over. "I just want you to know that one of Mr. Holmes's lower level employees was sent out to get these things. He was told it was for teething, and of course he assumed human. I have no idea why the task was given to someone who doesn't know dragons. I looked through it and I'm not entirely sure that any of it will be very helpful."
of me? Do I matter so little compared to him?"
Sherlock doesn’t bother undressing. He unfastens his trousers and pushes trousers and pants down to mid-thigh, pulls on a condom, squeezes some gel on it and then pushes into Blaine with one vicious thrust. Blaine cries out, and Sherlock stops, worried he’s been too rough. The look on Blaine’s face is ecstasy and his hands scrabble for purchase on Sherlock’s biceps. Blaine calls out the name of a man who doesn’t exist and that makes fucking him easier for Sherlock. He’s Colin Green right now and Mr. Green doesn’t know Dr. Watson and, therefore, has no reason to feel guilty for fucking a man who runs in human trafficking.
John looked up to find all three of them watching him. His cheeks reddened. "What?"
"The prescriptions?" John asks, his brain hazy. "Oh, God, let me get them. Do you want to come up?"
Sherlock waits, still in his chair, still fighting with himself to stay still. When he hears it again—
Chatsworth kept his eyes on Sherlock as he spoke. "I'm not a doctor of dragons so don't take this as gospel, but I would be surprised if it took more than six hours for his teeth to finish coming in. Again, I could be wrong."
"Well, I mean—I'm not one to brag, but I'm actually qualified as a trauma surgeon, which, yeah—it's a pretty big deal. I was never brilliant at school, mostly found academics boring, and I loved sports, even though I was small. I was going to leave school with my A-levels—"
and slam a lot of doors."
John watches until Sherlock stops shaking, and then the dip of Sherlock's head, as he says
"Oh, you think you've completely turned me off women forever, is that it?" John asks, rising up onto his elbow to look at Gerald.
is an understatement. It bloody fucking hurts, but instead of a shout of pain, what comes out of John is more like a grunt that tapers off into a moan.
"And you found someone else," Sherlock says with only a slight hint of bitterness.
, Sherlock, if you don't stop wiggling, I'm gonna call a cab and send you to the fucking A&E
John looks at him with a frown. "How's that?"
Holmes scoffed and reared his head back with a disgusted look on his face. "You named the egg?"
"Um—both?"
"But—you—it wasn't—when—
"So, all these have only been up
Sherlock explains the
"I'll need to go upstairs and drag some of your clothes out of storage so for now, let's just get you into your pajama bottoms. Do you think you can sleep without a t-shirt on for now? I'd really like you to go back to sleep."
It only took him a few seconds to realize what it was. "You're
Sherlock's stomach lurches and he works on taking deep breaths.
"How long?" John asks. Sherlock can see tension build in his shoulders.
"John," Sherlock says, drawing John's name out so it sounds like
"Besides, what I really want to do is suck you," John says, his eyes dark with lust. A blush stains his ears, and spreads down to his face and chest. "And then I want you to come on my face."
you want me to wear the coat and shoes. I mean—okay, look. Tell me exactly how you see it playing out. I want to hear about the things that turn you on. That kind of thing."
, John. It was the pressure on the back of my neck."
So, Sherlock surrenders.
"You're picturing his arse, aren't you?" she asks.
sex with," Gerald says wryly.
to being there, like being terrified is a natural state of being. And it is
John lurched up in bed with a gasp. At least, he tried to, but there was a dragon hatchling standing on his chest.
"Yeah, I have. We spend almost all our time together! How else was I supposed to explain why I'm stuck at home for the next week or so?"
John guides Gerald onto his back on the bed, but doesn't follow him down. Gerald crawls backwards onto the bed.
"This is bit more than a hug," John says, his voice congested, but there's a tiny breathy puff of what might be construed as an affectionate laugh (if you squint).
. He can ignore Mycroft just as easily as Dr. Reed.
Just like that, John knows what last night was really about. He didn't think his heart could break into any more pieces, but knowing what Sherlock was really trying to tell him just about does him in. Tears flood his eyes.
my sexuality. I've already done the questioning part. I
John gaped at him for a few seconds. He
"Gerald, you recall I'm a doctor, yeah? I reckon I can put in a few stitches."
Finally Chatsworth's face changed—just a twitch of his lips, but John would count it as a smile. "Of course, sir."
"Not really," Sherlock says.
He turns around and yelps when he sees Sherlock standing in the kitchen looking slightly dazed.
He lies in Sherlock's bed and he cries and hates himself for it. He's pathetic. It's true that he had plenty of valid reasons not to tell Sherlock he was in love with him. First of all, Sherlock wasn't interested in romance so telling him would've just made things awkward. Second, John was confused about his sexuality – was he bisexual or was Sherlock the only man he would ever be attracted to?
The way he says it makes it sound like,
"Oh. Hm. Ah, hm," he says, and then rolls his eyes at his own stuttering stupidity. He’s always assumed sex with John would incapacitate his higher powers of thought, but he hadn't considered it would reduce him to a pre-verbal state.
know how to love you forever."
John is clearly at a loss for words, which Sherlock finds adorable. He lets him struggle for a moment, but knowing John, he might just get up and walk off to make tea and never speak of it again, so Sherlock steps in to help him before he can run away.
"We need to lay down some ground rules," John said through gritted teeth.
"Love you, too," John says and ends the call.
Sherlock's face is beginning to look hopeful, which fertilizes a knot of growing dread in John's stomach. He
"Oh, my darling, please don't worry about that. I'm so sorry. Can I help? Is there anything I can do?"
For the first time since Sherlock died, John can see a future without him and that future begins with Gerald.
"Oh, God," Mycroft said, turning his head to the side.
Chatsworth's laughter was so robust and lasted so long that John stomped off to his room, thoroughly embarrassed.
"Mycroft," John said dangerously, looking up at the offender with tight lips. "Why is Mrs. Hudson not surprised there's a dragon in the flat?"
John scoffs. "Hated the bastard."
"So, when I say that I have formed an
a life outside of him, you know? And then he came back, and Gerald and I broke up, and I had to lie to you lot, and
day of the week."
Rebecca's eavesdropping on their conversation and comes over to say, "You mean the world doesn't begin and end with Milton?" giving her sister a wide-eyed look of mock surprise.
Chatsworth smiled, but it was a distracted smile. He closed his eyes. The air around him seemed to blur as though he was a pencil sketch and someone was smudging the picture with their fingers.
On top of that, Sherlock texts John several times an hour. None of what he has to say is interesting or important—he texts what he had for lunch or that Mrs. Hudson came by or that he was a
"John," Sherlock said in the tone that implied he seriously doubted John's intelligence. "How can I fail to notice you're gone when you are, in fact,
Sherlock keeps his face turned away. "I've confessed my love and it doesn't seem to have changed anything. What else can I do?"
John hasn't even gotten them into pajamas, and he looks at his phone on the dresser, knowing it hasn't been twenty minutes yet, and sure enough—it's only been eleven. John looks back at the half-slumped, half-sitting form of Sherlock, and John thinks the fact that Sherlock had an orgasm, and
Gerald pauses and John knows he's trying to think of how to phrase whatever he's about to say next. John braces himself for a lecture about letting go and moving on, like he's not aware that's the accepted route grief should take, so he's surprised by what Gerald actually says.
"Probably," he agrees.
Sherlock continues to process Elspeth's information. She's a bounty hunter (of course), unmarried, left-handed.
—you can't lie to me anymore. This,
As Dr. Reed speaks, Sherlock finds himself nodding his head in agreement, even as he cringes away from such a frank discussion of something so terrible, so beyond the average human's understanding. It's already half ten before Dr. Reed finishes his story.
In the shower, he contemplated how he would get an egg that big into his bed without dropping it. Perhaps sleeping in the living room next to it would be a better proposition. Yeah, that's what he'd do.
"Rules! What are rules? I'm just so hungry, John!"
"Because when they were eighteen, Cyril—who was always trouble with a capital T and ridiculously prone to large appetites—drove Gerald away because he was terrified he would break Gerald's heart. Cyril never stopped believing that he would hurt Gerald and lose him forever. He didn't stop loving Gerald and Gerald didn't stop loving him, though."
"I know you think I have magical powers to connect clues to form a picture, but I must admit I'm stumped on this one."
"The bone looks fine. No chips," says John finally, and begins the process of stitching it up. He can feel Sherlock's eyes on him the entire time. Afterwards, when he's trying to clean up the mess, Sherlock crowds behind him and cages him against the kitchen table, and John says, "
Sitting in his hideaway contemplating all of this is driving Sherlock up the wall. And he's bored. He wants to go home—home to John, home to what's familiar and comforting. He'll just have to apologize to John for…what exactly is he apologizing for, though? The thought makes him angry all over again, but he takes the anger and smashes it into a ball, smaller and smaller, then locks it into a box and throws it into the basement of his mind palace where all the other shit he doesn't want to deal with lies.
"He didn't die
Over Sherlock's shoulder, John saw Chatsworth trying not to laugh. John had to bite back his own laughter.
"It still hurts a little," Gerald says, and John sucks in a heavy breath and admits, "I expected to feel awkward. I didn't expect to—" but Gerald just says, "Yeah," and that's where they leave it.
"Thank you, love," John says, sighing with gratitude. "You are far too good to me."
"Is my brother with you?"
"Okay?" Gerald asks. "Okay. Good!"
, correct?" Sherlock asks with that same glower as before.
Sherlock’s mouth goes dry, his heart kicks up a dozen extra beats per minute, and his mind fizzles pathetically. He is adept at talking dirty, and has been the recipient of it as well, but he's never heard anything as erotic as John Watson telling him,
Gerald will be obedient and John's not sure he wants that responsibility.
Warning for next chapter: graphic depictions of violence
"Do I have one?" Sherlock asked, attempting to look between his own legs—all four of them.
"Sherlock," Mycroft says gently. "If you put him in the position of being unfaithful to his boyfriend, he'll resent you for it."
was out there for him to take. How could he not know he was bisexual? It seems ridiculous to him now. Yesterday he thought he was just Sherlock-exual and it turns out that falling in love with Sherlock has opened a door John hadn't even known was there.
or, even worse, couldn't
a kink! They come to you to be spanked or whipped or—"
John stepped in front of the crate and laid his hand upon Sherlock's egg.
what had happened between him and Sherlock. Was it a matter of miscommunication? He felt he'd explained well enough how he felt about the whole thing. He'd listened to Sherlock and to Chatsworth, but he couldn't dismiss his reservations.
"Show me," Sherlock said.
"Ah!" John said, stepping towards Holmes, who—to John's smug delight—shrank back momentarily before gathering his dignity about him once more. "You want to
"John," Sherlock says with an affectionate chuckle. "My skills of observation are as sharp as ever. It's written all over your body and in your eyes."
is located on the first floor. The bathroom on the second floor was never finished, so even using the toilet and taking a shower required him to go down to the first floor.
"Yeah," he says, letting his grin out, rubbing his hand over his mouth, almost shy about his incessant lustful thoughts, and his pride in the lush arse being discussed, as though it's an accomplishment he achieved with hard work and perseverance. (Though it is, kind of, when he thinks about it. There is no possible reality in which it can be said that having a love affair with Sherlock Holmes is
After there's only a pile of ashes and bits of paper left, John puts the bowl in the fridge so the ashes can cool. He puts the kettle on, then goes into the bathroom and cleans his face. He makes a cup of tea and drinks it while reading the paper. He has a second cup of tea. After an hour, he checks that the ashes are cool enough to take out.
"Sorry, I'm just doing a mental inventory of all the things I have in stock."
he can't, he just knows that he can't. Ridiculous rules—even
"Oh, that is good news!" John says, nodding his head. "Well done, you."
feel that way is a bit of a consolation, but that's the thing, isn't it? John shouldn't be treated like
John checks his watch and starts to move towards the door, and Sherlock wants to beg him to stay, but he represses the urge. After John puts on his shoes and jacket, grabs his bag and slings it over his shoulder, he turns to Sherlock. He looks right into Sherlock's eyes and says, "If you need me, and you can't reach me, call Mrs. Hudson. Will you do that for me?"
"Why?"
"Oh, I don't know, Greg. He seemed awfully keen before I told him I was only paying five quid for what he had in mind."
so John opens his eyes. Sherlock watches John with his wicked eyes while he gets John off with his hand. When John comes, Sherlock's eyes open up wide, pretending to be scandalized. John laughs, his body limp and relaxed.
"Don't ever—please," John says, swallowing around the great aching pain in his chest where another crack has appeared in his glued-together heart. "Do not
John scowls. "No, actually. I was going to say that I never worried you would make fun of me or call me an idiot."
"I didn't say you were an idiot. Well,
That weekend, Gerald helps John move all the boxes from the second-floor bedroom to the storage space that faces the street on the second floor. (John didn’t even know the space was there until Mrs. Hudson suggested it in favor of giving away Sherlock's stuff. It answers his question of why his bedroom doesn't take up the whole of the second floor.)
"Fourth, fifth, and sixth on the right. On the left, fifth and sixth."
Sherlock rolls his eyes. "No," he says, drawing the word out. "It was a dance studio, and the owner was selling it so I bought it as an investment. Anyway, I would set up the scene at this place and you would meet me there, and then—" Sherlock makes a vague gesture with his hand and shrugs as if he doesn't have to explain to John what happens next.
way, and John knows he won't be able to get around comfortably for a few days without cocodamol.
"Because when they were eighteen, Cyril—who was always trouble with a capital T and ridiculously prone to large appetites—drove Gerald away because he was terrified he would break Gerald's heart. Cyril never stopped believing that he would hurt Gerald and lose him forever. He didn't stop loving Gerald and Gerald didn't stop loving him, though."
"I don't want you to see me as broken. Damaged.
Then Mycroft clears his throat and the two of them turn to face him again. Mycroft opens a leather folder. "I've kept in touch with Gregory Lestrade while you were away. Despite being demoted to Detective Sergeant, he's remarkably loyal to you." Mycroft lifts his eyes and flicks them to John before looking back down at his notes. "He, in turn, has officers loyal to
Chatsworth made the choking noise again. John didn't even bother to glare at him.
A nod.
"Hm," Gerald says, managing to convey empathy and disapproval in one small sound.
"Who's Sherlock?" Holmes asked, jaw tight.
John laughs at his confusion and Sherlock shovels the last of the mashed potatoes into his mouth and gets up. He makes his way into the sitting room, while John follows, grabs John's laptop and then puts it down and grabs his own before stretching out on the couch. He looks up as he opens the lid on his computer.
John and Mrs. Hudson shared a look. John said, "Thank you, Mrs. Hudson."
"You wanted me to touch you," John says, pushing himself up on his elbows—his sassy tongue keeps poking the inside of his lip, and stroking along it, his grin brazen—and there's a challenge in his eyes. The watery sun coming through Sherlock's windows feels like it was made to backlight John. He couldn't look better if an artist had laid him out, and something about the moment breaks something in Sherlock's chest.
"Closer," Sherlock rumbles.
"So you thought you'd be arrogant and thoughtless back?"
John holds onto the moment a little longer than he knows he should because this will probably be the only chance in his lifetime that he can
bear it, and you will," John says, his voice full of faith.
John stops writing after that. There's only one page left anyway. John likes the symbolism. One page on which to write the rest of his life.
being a shadow of the man he is at this moment and at this moment, John is male, primal, potent,
"I'm sorry," John said, trying not to stare at his mouth. "It wasn't nice of me. To be honest, it's not just rude to grab someone's tea. Tea is hot and I didn't want you burning yourself."
"Do you know how much I love you?" John asks softly. The stupid tears are back.
"I'm not—"
John is holding a sleeping Milton when the doorbell rings. Rebecca asks Bernie, "Are you expecting anyone else?" and Bernie says, "No," then turns to Olivia and says, "You Olivia?" Olivia shakes her head.
to be but has no timetable for when. Sherlock lost contact when he left Germany right before Christmas.
"Sometimes I just can't stand it," he whispers, looking down at John, who's looking back up with his eyebrows furrowed in concern, and then his hand is on Sherlock's cheek, and he's rising up to press his lips against Sherlock's collarbone, and he murmurs, "Tell me," against Sherlock's skin, who closes his eyes, and cries, "You make me feel too much!"
him, finds so much delight in him—it would be to go to this party.
John froze on his way into the kitchen and stared at the egg. "What's that now?"
, Sherlock said with a sharpness in his voice that made it clear this was a subject he didn't want to continue with.
as in
1 hurricane was weathered by yours truly and her family
) bedroom. Now he's embarrassed, but John (
, was half my fault, and half his. He—I think—he did it on purpose, made it incompatible to go out on dates, and have a job, and the other things ordinary people do. We were lying to each other a bit, I think—we didn't have anyone else outside of each other, not really—I mean, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, you know, Molly, Mike.
—amount of drool Sherlock was producing, John made a bib of sorts out of an old t-shirt, sliding Sherlock's head through the neck and then folding the rest of the t-shirt up and tucking it inside the arm holes. Sherlock ended up looking like one of those rescue Saint Bernard's with the cylindrical attachment to their collars.
Sherlock looks up in surprise at John's retreating back. He didn't think John would want to help him get dressed (
“Sprained.”
He's spent his entire life paring down his virility to make himself palatable to women. If he had not fallen in love with Sherlock, then he wouldn't be sitting in Gerald's sitting room right now. His hands wouldn't be sneaking up under Gerald's shirt and his fingers wouldn't be threading through thick chest hair and he wouldn't be pressing his achingly hard cock against the lean stretch of Gerald's thigh.
to do that to keep John's friendship or if it's because Sherlock still only sees him as a friend.
"Did you send him off to this other boy specifically to have sex?"
Gerald nods, looking guilty for wanting it.
to. I pander to clients and the public at large—I have allowed Mycroft to lock me away in the flat, to let the members of New Scotland Yard, and shadowy government agencies have control of my so-called return to polite society, have agreed to be imprisoned in my
Sherlock is sitting in his chair, the ankle of one leg over the knee of the other, his fingers pressed together just under his lips. He's removed his suit jacket, and John is again reminded how strikingly handsome Sherlock is. He's gained weight and healed quickly, and in less than a month he looks almost like his old self, except his hair is shorter than John's ever seen it although it's finally grown out enough to curl. It feels like he's looking down his nose at John, even though Sherlock is the one sitting down.
"You're a terror, all right," John said and kissed the top of his head. "All thirty pounds of you a right proper menace."
, Sherlock thinks and tries not to laugh hysterically.
. I'm going to come if you keep this up," and Sherlock says, wonderingly, also breathless and barely able to speak, "You can come without touching yourself?" and John, frustrated and so, so hard, says, "I haven't yet, but you're well on your way to—"
John shook his head, disbelieving, and yet—didn't he have a telepathic connection with Sherlock, who was currently inside a giant, pearly egg? And dragons, well—they discovered the giant squid was was not a myth so why not dragons?
While they eat, Gerald keeps the conversation going. He's an excellent conversationalist, skillfully avoiding the topics John doesn't want to share with him yet. Gerald tells a few stories about horrible clients he's had to refuse to keep seeing or kick out altogether, and they laugh a lot, John's high pitched giggle and Gerald's full-bellied laugh blending in a comfortable harmony.
"First of all, if someone else is involved, it's sex. Second of all, I'm glad you're not in a rush because I like to take my time."
but Sherlock had finally found something more interesting than John—flying.
Voice low, Sherlock said, "I've done everything you've asked, but nothing is ever good enough.
Gerald doesn't answer. He just opens the door and waits, head lowered, the topknot John has found so charming falling forward.
"Okay," John says, nodding his head, trying not to let his face reflect what he's thinking which is
"That's exactly why I like it," Gerald says, his words coming out slurred as he tries not to move his lips.
"Now that you're human—I mean, now that you're in human
"So there's no whips and dog collars involved in your sex life?" John asks, grinning.
Chatsworth was, of course, right and John needn't have worried. Sherlock soon flew back and said, "John, watch this!" and flew in corkscrew and was back right away to be praised for it. (And, of course, John praised him for it.) Then it was, "John! Look at me. Look what I can do!" and he flew higher and higher in the air before folding his wings and diving down towards earth. John yelled his name, his heart in his throat, but Sherlock snapped out his great leathery wings just in time and glided the rest of the way down, almost landing like a feather on solid ground.
"A fungal infection on my skin, mostly over my chest and legs. I was treated for head and pubic lice."
When he gets home that evening, Sherlock isn't home. John already checked his phone for text messages when he left the hospital, but he checks again just in case he missed something. There's nothing. He sends one of his own.
"No, look, it's fine," John says, staring at his glass, and shaking his head, feeling guilty for overreacting. "I'm just—before, with Sherlock, I couldn't have a life outside of—him. The two weren't compatible. And then when he was gone, and I met all of you, I thought, well—I'd let him dominate my life because I didn't really
"Okay, chatty, first things first, nod yes or no – painkiller?"
"It was someone I thought I'd never see again. He'd, uh—moved out of the country, and I thought it was permanent, but then he came back unexpectedly."
"Yeah, well, it wasn't fucking soon enough, was it? You look like a refugee, Sherlock! Like pictures of concentration camp survivors in World War Two! What do you weigh, have they weighed you? I wouldn't put you at more than a hundred and forty pounds! You're at least twenty pounds underweight!"
"No, Sherlock, no." John tries to get Sherlock to look at him, but Sherlock just leans heavier against him and John gives up. "I'm the one who's sorry—and I am. I don't have an excuse for how I behaved. I want—if
—for you! If it were just me, do you think I would
that eclipses everyone else.
"Your heart rate is elevated," Sherlock murmurs.
"Come home with me," Gerald says softly into John's ear, causing a tremor to run through John's body.
"Gerald told me you would feel uncomfortable, that you'd make this excuse."
, Sherlock," John says.
He and Gerald work out enough details that Gerald feels confident he won't let anything slip, and they both feel confident they can keep well-meaning, but nosy friends away from the flat and held at bay for now.
"Okay, Mrs. Hudson, I think he gets it," John interjects before she can reveal any other embarrassing secrets from those terrible first months of grief.
"Are you fucking kidding me?" John mutters. He realizes, like a fist to his gut, that he
"Only because you have a big dick," Gerald says and John laughs.
John slides to his knees next to the bed, keeping his head tilted down so he's not tempted to peek. Gerald comes to stand next to him and John can feel the dip in the bed as Gerald sits down. Then Gerald drops what he's carrying on the floor, startling John, who flinches away. Gerald's fingers are immediately in his hair, petting him, soothing him, but John's staring at what Gerald dropped. There's three things and they're all leather—one is clearly the flogger. It's got a handle wrapped with a braided design. It looks like the head of a mop, except with a handle. Then there's what John guesses is a paddle, but it's leather, not wood. The handle is a lot like the flogger and, as John looks closer, he realizes they all have the same braided pattern on their handles.
"You bastard!" Gerald laughs. "Your possessive ex-boyfriend is getting his revenge and you're laughing at me?"
Sherlock knelt on the seat next to John and reached for John's tea. John smacked his hand. The hurt in Sherlock's eyes gave John a pang of guilt.
Sherlock attempts to rearrange his clothes into a semblance of decency while ignoring Blaine’s grin. He’s also stalling for time while he thinks.
"No, you dummy," Bernie sighs. "Can we keep
"Here we go," John says, coming back into the room with a glass of water and two of the pain pills. These are the ones John has from his med kit and not the ones from the doctors at the British embassy.
that you assumed you were an exception to his
When Bernie comes over to take the baby from Sherlock, she asks John, "Can we keep him?"
"What's that, then?" John asks and edges around Sherlock so he can close the door.
is a therapist because, other than the day after he came home, he refuses to talk to John about what happened in Serbia, and John knows for a fact that Mycroft has repeatedly broached the subject.
To the right is a small dining room and beyond that, John can see a kitchen. The flat is modest in size but not cluttered, so it doesn't feel small or cramped.
the initial remembering!
"Actually," John says, wiping his sweaty hands on his shorts, grateful that Gerald brought it up so John didn't have to. John tells Gerald everything that happened, from meeting Rebecca for a drink to John calling Sherlock a dick at the end of their fight.
"Okay, for those of us who can't read minds, explain what you're trying to say?"
Gerald flinches at the words and he closes his eyes for a few seconds. When he opens them, his eyes glitter with tears, but his body language has subtly shifted, and he looks ready—eager even—to fight.
and before you know it my supervisors at the hospital were saying
Another furious twist of his wrist and another drop of pre-ejaculate plops on top of the puddle of existing fluid on Blaine’s belly.
Sherlock's hand reaches for John's shoulder. He slides two fingers from John's shoulder to his hand, which is resting on his hip. Then Sherlock's palm settles at the small of John's back and he pulls John close to him. He kisses John and the longing John feels is so strong that his stomach rolls and he thinks he might throw up. He gasps for air. In his fantasy, Sherlock pulls away and his eyebrows come together in puzzled concern but he doesn't say anything.
“They want all of us to come up on the thirteenth, just the eight of us."
John gives Sherlock the side-eye every time this happens.
"I'll have to text you the list of the stuff I need from the shops, I didn't have a chance—I've not—"
, yes—that's it, you beautiful, filthy thing—let me see you paint your belly with your cum," and John does exactly that while Sherlock watches, enraptured, his eyes pinned on John's beloved face, frozen in pleasure as his orgasm washes through him. John's body is absolutely rigid, his sphincters clutching Sherlock's fingers tightly. When John's body releases him from orgasm, Sherlock asks, "Do you always get this tight when you come?" because John's arse has got a chokehold on his fingers, and John gives him a drunken grin, and says, "If it's good, yeah," and Sherlock pulls his fingers out carefully, then kneels up between John's legs. John widens them, and Sherlock holds onto his knee with one hand, and says, "Stay just like that," and takes himself in hand. He strokes his cock, his eyes darting between John's face, and the viscous liquid slowly sliding down the curves of John's sides, and then he's coming, too, silently, his eyes locked with John's, the pleasure so intense that he feels like he's been held hostage by his own body.
"My question?" John mumbles and then remembers his question and can't disguise his prurient fascination. "Oh, my God,
"That's ridiculous." John turns his face away.
When Dr. Reed calls for their appointment Saturday morning, Sherlock fights back the urge to lie, to say everything's fine, that he and John are getting along. Instead, he tells the truth—about John saying they weren't ready for sex, the impassioned speech Sherlock gave, John's offer to take him. The sex. The flashback.
Rebecca, unrepentant, grins and continues. "Speaking of not showing up, you and Sherlock haven't left the flat much, either, have you? With all
"I don't know about that," Rebecca says defensively, as though he'd questioned her ability instead of his own. "Lifestyles can be adjusted to fit in a child."
They're howling with laughter while John tries to get Gerald to his feet. They attract the disapproving glare of a man with two teenage girls. Feeling guilty (but not really) for laughing in a graveyard (which is like laughing at crime scenes), John helps Gerald to his feet.
With that, Chatsworth held out one of the chicken bones to Sherlock, who sniffed at it and then cautiously flicked his tongue out a few times. Sherlock slid a gimlet eye up at John and then snatched the bone out of Chatsworth's hand. With his tail corkscrewed up in the air and the tip snapping back and forth, he headed to the sitting room and stopped before John's chair. From there he gave John a challenging stare.
"I assure you, Dr. Watson, that
In response, Sherlock's tail wrapped back around John's waist.
"I swear if you say
John marched down the stairs to the kitchen and nearly bowled over the cook. Red-faced and apologetic, John asked for a cup of tea. The cook told him to sit in the dining room and she'd bring through a pot of tea and some breakfast.
"Yes," Sherlock says slowly, sniffing sweetly at the skin behind John's ear. "All right."
Sherlock's face lit up, and he wrapped his tail around John's waist, a gesture John realized was one way Sherlock showed his affection.
"My clients set goals and keep track of them in a journal. If they've failed to reach their goal when they come in for a session, then I punish them. The punishment is negotiated between us for maximum effectiveness. What I do is behavior modification pure and simple."
"Why did I buy—"
"You've always been under the mistaken impression that I can make Sherlock do something he doesn't want to do," John says with a tired laugh. "He never listens to me."
Besides, this feels like a competition. If he fails, Gerald wins. If he doesn't fail, well...they both win. Orgasms all 'round!
Sherlock sits back on his heels, his eyes narrowed, but this time there's the suggestion of a smile at the corner of his mouth. He holds up a sizeable butt plug, and says, "Well?"
Holmes drew himself up. "If I provide the information you desire, will you agree to release the egg?"
"Well, darling, what do you
"You're. A giant. Prat."
For ninety seconds, John watches as Sherlock pulls his lips in over his teeth, and it's not until later, when red tinged saliva is dripping from his mouth to his chin that John realizes Sherlock has bitten deep into the flesh of the inside of his lips. John hasn't seen a flashback like this—not this rigid, bone-grinding terror, the absolutely still way Sherlock holds his body while still shaking hard enough for his teeth to chatter, as though he's trying to hide himself
Abruptly, John's brain turned sideways and attempted to slither out his ear. He found himself on his hands and knees, gasping for breath. Sherlock crouched next to him, his hand wrapped around John's arm. He seemed to be dressing down Chatsworth, but their words were muffled. The world shimmered around John, making it hard for him to see anything.
"I'm not going in there unless you go in there, too" Sherlock asked, looking up at John.
him. He wanted to immediately pull Sherlock up into a tight hug and tell him how much he loved him and what a sweet, brave, adorable dragon he was.
"Oh, no, you are not taking me into the scary room."
"Okay?" Sherlock asks.
"Just spit it out, Mycroft," Sherlock says impatiently.
John opens the cabinet where he keeps his med kit, and starts taking out the things he'll need. "Can't leave you alone for
"You mean, protects
“Only three?” John mutters, writing it down.
and maybe
Friday night, after he showers and eats, he sits in his chair staring at his phone and wishing Sherlock was here. He wants to text him, but they don't have an international texting plan and Sherlock hates to talk on the phone. John just wants to ask
. Oh, fuck, does Mrs. Hudson know you're alive? Does
Because this is quickly turning into slapstick, of course, first John gets trapped inside the confines of Sherlock's dressing gown, and when he smacks it out of the way, laughing, Sherlock, who isn't steadying himself anymore, loses balance as he steps out of his bottoms and John grabs Sherlock's hips to steady him right as Sherlock grabs for John's shoulder, letting go of his dressing gown to do so. Sherlock's dick, no longer hidden behind blue silk, reaches out lovingly towards John.
"They're
Sherlock begins to get lost in the fog of sexual desire, and when Blaine unbuttons Sherlock’s trousers, he doesn’t immediately react. When Blaine jerks down the zipper and the icy air hits his erection, though, he shoves Blaine away.
She's unusually kind. For a bounty hunter. For anyone, really, that Sherlock has encountered since he fell off the roof of St. Bart's. She holds him while he vomits so that he doesn't pitch forward into the scrub (
The nurse pokes her head out of the curtain and yells for an EKG and, just like that, the A&E explodes into action. Mrs. Gonzales finally gets John's full attention as he gets to work making sure she doesn't die from a heart attack.
that's private, Sherlock
See the end notes for tags
"What if it catches fire?" Sherlock asks. The subtextual animosity of their relationship before Sherlock went away is gone, but Sherlock is still a little brother and little brothers are hard-wired to annoy older brothers.
"Well, no. Not purposefully, at any rate."
Sherlock's breath hitches, and he swallows the need to cry. The tears spill over regardless, and Sherlock looks down at the floor, trying to control himself. John says his name, gently, and that makes the ache in Sherlock's chest even stronger.
"John."
, and Milton looks like a cross between a Sharpei and a garden gnome and yet all I see is how
Sherlock should be surprised at the feeling of desire that unfurls low in his belly as Blaine’s tongue breaches his lips, but he’s not. Sherlock used to share Blaine’s method for acquiring lovers until John moved in. After that, Sherlock only allowed himself the rare one night stand. He knew from the moment they met that he was attracted to John, but it wasn't until Moriarty strapped the latest fashion in exploding outerwear on John that Sherlock realized he was in love with him. Sherlock hasn't slept with anyone since then.
Sherlock is taken to a holding facility where he expects to be processed as a prisoner of the state, but instead, he's bundled into the back of a van and taken to a compound deep in the forest around a small-town close to the border of Romania. He knows this isn't good news because he's essentially been made to disappear. Now they can do anything to him.
“Yes..yes, please.”
“Y-You lied to me?”
“Mm. You too.” He hung up
“Y-You, John. I want you inside me..please..”
“We are..yeah..” He chuckled a bit
Rang through his head and she was right, Sherlock did look sad, he probably looked absolutely heartbroken. He quickly averted his eyes and watched John, imagining himself dancing with the alpha like they had in his living room for so many nights. The curtains always drawn, John embarrassed to be seen dancing with Sherlock.
John’s words sent Sherlock over the edge and he came between them in three hefty spurts, cock pulsing and standing red against his flat belly. He quickly tightened around John which send the alpha into his own waves of orgasming, coming heavily into Sherlock with a cry. He panted and kissed the omega tenderly, gently pulling out of him and lying next to him on the sofa, curling around the man possessively.
“Y-You loved me?
“Tell me what you want, Sherlock.”
“I’ve been watching you, you’re quite good at making drinks.”
“You’re quite muscular.” The omega licked his lips, looking him over
“Okay. I’ll see you tomorrow then. Have a nice night.”
Before he knew it, it was time for the cake which was followed by the first dance. Sherlock stood up onstage, propping up his violin under his chin, starting to play the waltz he’d self-composed for the alpha and his wife. The omega’s eyes scanned the room as he played and they landed on Molly. She was the only person in the room looking at Sherlock and not John and Mary.
John shifted, taking a heavy breath, heartbeat pounding in his ears “After you came back..I..well, I was angry, Sherlock. I was utterly and rightfully pissed off. You let me grieve, you..you let me believe that you were dead for two years. Two whole years. Christ, I got so depressed, I considered joining you for a while, and then I met Mary...”
. Sherlock buries his head in his older brother's chest and sobs. When his shuddering body has settled down to shivers, Mycroft sits in the other chair and tells Sherlock that he is never, ever again allowed to do anything more dangerous than chasing criminals around London.
Has he been crying again? Sherlock sits in his chair and looks at John, who fails to look back. Instead, John is staring at his hands, but even with his eyes lowered, Sherlock can see their hollow look, the smudged bruises beneath them.
"Because it turns out, you see, that I'd never stopped being madly and utterly in love with
"You idiot," John says, sounding frustrated. “See, this is the kind of shit you always pull! Just. Sorry. I'm sorry for yelling. Here, let me get—”
, less than a minute ago, and John still as an
"Really," Gerald says conversationally, the sarcasm underlying it thick as blood. "Tell me then—did this reunion hand job happen
John had taken a few more steps back and turned away from Sherlock so that he could focus all of his attention on this call. He never heard the slight vibration that was Sherlock's text alert. Taking slow, deep breaths in the hopes of restoring normal vitals, Sherlock pulled his phone out and stared at the screen.
"Jesus, Sherlock, are you going to clean this up? I can barely move around in here, and I didn't sign on to be your bloody housekeeper!"
Mr. Murphy stared down at him, incredulous. "That is company property, Mr. Holmes! It needs to be examined." He reached out to grasp the edge of the machine and let out a sharp cry when Sherlock snatched his hand and bent it unnaturally at the wrist, two pounds of force shy of actually breaking it.
Mary looked down for a moment and shook her head. "No. Everything changed after Sean died…it made me re-evaluate what was really important."
Subduing a guard was out of the question. His security badge wouldn't match his face, and sans killing an otherwise innocent person, it wouldn't give him enough time. Breaking in wasn't even on the table. It would trigger alarms and give him even less time than a security uniform. He could just barely make out Lestrade at the front entrance, arguing animatedly with the attendant there.
"You have a remarkable constitution, Dr. Watson."
"You were friends," John interjected.
talk if you wanted to. I don't judge and I'm very good at keeping secrets."
John pounded furiously on the front door to 221 Baker Street. He'd gotten the address from an officer named Anderson who was only too happy to help in an endeavor that had the slightest chance of inconveniencing and/or irritating one Sherlock Holmes. His righteous indignation faded slightly, when a kindly looking elderly woman came to the door. "Can I help you?" she asked, smiling kindly at John, who now looked quite flustered.
John seriously doubted that Sherlock Holmes
?!" He was shouting properly now, and he didn't care.
Marcus blinked slowly and for a long moment his jaw seemed fixed open. At length, however, he did speak. Sherlock and John watched them for several moments. Marcus began to frown and shake his head but Travis lunged forward and pulled Marcus into a desperate, passionate kiss, which Marcus actively participated in after a moment's pause. John watched with a fond smile as they parted and Travis reached for Marcus's hand, intertwining their fingers.
John felt the weight of Alexander's letter in his hand, and his fingers tingled with the itch to open it. John stared at the folded paper, running his finger over the creases and crinkles. As harmless and heartening as these letters had been, John still recognized an air of danger about them. Danger of getting too attached, danger of getting sucked into Alexander's mess, danger of yet more heartbreak in a world that seemed more unrelenting than ever...
"I suppose," Eric sighed regretfully. "But John, take a few days off after this. I know what a big push this is for the team and I don't want any of you burning out."
John watched a deep blush spread down Sherlock's chest, small gasps escaping his parted lips as his hand started to tremble in John's grip. Sherlock's hips jerked against John's then he stilled, a long low moan falling from his lips as his cock pulsed long white ropes out between them. John hips snapped quickly up to meet Sherlock's, faltering in their rhythm and Sherlock's trembling muscles pulled John's orgasm from him.
John turned away so he could look out the window. Everything was happening so fast, and soon it would be over. Normally this wasn't a problem, in fact it was part of the appeal, but now, when the case closed, it felt like he'd have to decide all over again how to restructure his life. Mary had seemed so charming, and smart, and easy tempered, and she
The husband, Anthony Werner, opened the front door before they reached it, and ushered them inside. He was a tall man, approximately thirty pounds overweight, with broad shoulders, hair that was noticeably thinning and receding, and a scruffy beard. Overall he looked average enough. He was tall, but not remarkably so, with average coloring and features. The extra weight might make him seem more friendly, but the movement of his hands indicated they had been broken before, most likely in a fight, and his muscular strength, while not matching Sherlock's, was significant.
Sherlock shook his head lowered his forehead to rest on his knees.
him for a cutthroat business maneuver simply because of the way he had presented it to them, and how he had acted.
"There's someone here to see you," she said, deftly capping and disposing of a bloody scalpel in the lab's sharps container.
. What kind of clientele was this hotel used to?
John couldn't help but smile. It was a refreshing thought considering Sherlock's tendency to steamroll right through someone regardless of their boundaries. "I know, thank you. I really am fine. There's just…" he hesitated. "There've been a lot of changes in the last month, and I'm still finding my way, I guess."
idea where I'm going to be able to place her tonight."
Jon straightened in his seat. What the hell was she on about?! Replacement flatmates... The phone buzzed again.
John let out a soft sigh of defeat. This was not a battle he felt up to today, however she had gotten the idea into her head. Instead, he opted for changing topics. "Thank you for bringing in the post, Mrs. Hudson."
, Ms. Hooper." He spat the word contemptuously, counting the seconds until his obligatory dance was concluded.
They turned towards each other when they reached the street again to shake hands before they parted ways. "See you around?" James asked.
more plausible that Anna sought to distance herself from your overzealous affections?"
Sherlock arched a questioning eyebrow, but otherwise remained silent.
"I like that idea, Dr. Watson," James murmured, still smiling.
John grunted in response and tightened his hold on Marcus. Marcus chuckled softly and pushed against the restraint. "Up," he ordered, "This will only turn into cement and stick us together if we let it dry."
Sherlock arched a condescending eyebrow, not in the least worried. "Even if you could craft a poison as delicate and complex as that—which is clearly
"Better," John replied with a smile. "He's calmer most days, and talks about the future more often now. I think he's trying to focus on where he can best use his knowledge."
Long, cool fingers pushed John's aside and began rubbing small circles against John's temples.  Ah,
"Help! We need a gurney in here!" Sherlock shouted, out into the hall, drawing the attention of the guards and orderlies, who'd only just managed to subdue his last patient.
"Sir!" Mr. Walker cried in indignation. "I respect every and value member of our orchestra!"
John's frown was giving him a headache now, but he didn't care. He'd only just started to try to carve out some sense of normalcy with this job, and now he had to give it up. Mycroft had been adamant, so had Greg, and even Sherlock had dared to text him that Charing Cross was no longer safe for him. He didn't like it, but John knew he couldn't avoid the truth: There was a serial killer out to get him, and he'd only make himself an easy target if he kept working at Charing Cross. That was why, after returning to the flat for a shower and a change of clothes, he'd typed up his letter of resignation and went right back out again to deliver it in person. He was reasonably certain that Mycroft was having him tailed, despite John's vehement protests, but ultimately that was the least of his worries. Right now he had a case that needed solving, and then…
Next to him, Molly bit her lip indecisively before mumbling, "I probably shouldn't bring this up, because talking never seems to help, does it?"
At length the crowd did thin, and John and Mary made their way down the steps once more. They were making their way towards the exit when a flash of light caught John's eye. He turned his head and spied Nikki, a sparkling clip in her hair. She was tucked in another small alcove, talking to someone.
Something was nudging him, but Sherlock didn't respond.
They rocked together, finding a rhythm, then John pulled Marcus down roughly on his cock, and held him there. Marcus squirmed and rolled his hips, anxious to move. "J-John!" he gasped, but he made no other protest.
Sherlock's face hardened and he grew frighteningly still. "Fine." His voice was hard and clipped.
Tim's face crumpled slightly as though he was about to cry. He took a deep breath and whispered. "We lost someone…just now."
is different, John. It's in the way you act, speak, look at me, the way you make my tea."
felt suffocating. How was he supposed to concentrate on cases?! John was
"I'm not too bothered about it. It just seemed like overblown protective older brother nonsense." John shrugged. "Sherlock did tell me that Mycroft works for the government; that he practically
"Naturally," John agreed in a tone that made it perfectly clear that he didn't believe
are we going to do that?" John asked, irritated that he had to pull so hard for details, but Sherlock was always like this when he was on a case. The best John could hope for, was to not be entirely lost.
John hesitated a moment. He'd tried to give a good sense of London with a bit about himself. John could've spent pages and pages on London, but the truth was the more it changed. the more it stayed the same. He felt, based partly on his own time in service, that this Alexander wanted a little 'snapshot' of home more than anything else. Writing about Sherlock had been hard, but it was just silly little details, nothing soul searching.
Sherlock chuckled softly. "Yes, that's why we ran from it."
he fainted?"
~*~*~*~
Mycroft, who didn't seem to hear or see him, started muttering furiously to himself, his breath coming in pants. "This is unacceptable! My marks and recommendations are
. You have a tan face, but no tan above the wrists, unlikely to have tanned yourself sunbathing. Your haircut, and the way you hold yourself says military. Then, when you entered the lab you walked like you knew where you were going but you kept looking around. You'd been there before, but not recently. That, taken into account with your friendship with Mike, which must be rather close since he hasn't brought me anyone to deduce in months because of previous...complaints, leads to someone in the military with medical experience; most likely a doctor."
They leaned forward and their lips met in a soft, sweet kiss. One of Sherlock's hands tightened in the fabric of John's collar, and the other slipped into his short hair, holding John to him. John leaned forward, one knee pushing into the fabric of the sofa, pressing against Sherlock's hip. John parted his lips, and Sherlock's tongue met his halfway as John moved forward to straddle Sherlock's lap. John's hand pushed inside Sherlock's suit jacket, pressing against the fabric of Sherlock's oxford shirt, and cupping his side. John's other hand looped up and over Sherlock's shoulder.
! I think I remember hearing that somewhere."
Sherlock Holmes. That's just the way it was.
At last the door handle began to turn, and the door opened. John's gaze immediately found Sherlock, sliding along his body, checking for injury, before settling on his face.
Sherlock and John both gaped at the news, turning to Mycroft as one. Mycroft merely smiled, his hands crossed in front of him, a similarly thin, sparkling platinum ring displayed on his left hand. "I
John's features twisted with disgust, wishing he could be surprised. He'd seen too much of the world, even before he met Sherlock to disbelieve what the world's only consulting detective told him now. He thought he saw matching distaste in Sherlock's features and wondered if that was because of the Clemons actions, or their idiocy (because everyone was an idiot according to Sherlock), or both…
John stood as well, gratefully accepting Sherlock's offered hand. They'd made it all of half a block before the ex-army doctor thought to ask, "Wait, does this mean that you're actually admitting that you don't know something?"
Mary opened her mouth to protest, but John was already reaching for his wallet and asking how much. Mary sighed softly and offered no further protest, reaching into the basket to select a bright, white rose. She brought it to her nose and inhaled. The scent was faint, which made sense. At this time of year it was probably a hot house flower, but the smell was still there. When she opened her eyes John was standing in front of her smiling, and the woman with the basket had moved on. "Thank you," she said softly, reaching out to accept the arm he was offering her. Mary was far from a traditional woman, she didn't need to be escorted by anyone, but the smile on John's face was infectious, and she was pleased to see him so happy.
Harry smiled for a moment, then her face fell and she looked into her lap.
Lestrade sighed and pressed the bridge of his nose between his thumb and forefinger. "You're
Sherlock leaned over the cage, and braced his hands on either side, but still the dog did not react. "Up, get up!" Sherlock bellowed, rattling the cage loudly, but the dog did not respond, except to urinate where it lay. Sherlock's frowned deepened as his last suspicion was confirmed.
"Don't be a baby, I only scratched you," Molly scoffed tossing a plaster at him. "I'm not John, I can't pull you out of your bloody mind palace on a whim. I tried shaking you, but you wouldn't come round. I would have let you stew there all day, but your visitor is very insistent."
James covered his mouth and chuckled quietly. "Well, that could've been a bit dangerous I suppose."
"Yeah, but we won!" Alex smiled brightly, completely unconcerned as he navigated the smooth linoleum floors with his crutches.
Sherlock had been almost beside himself.
for the taking. And they already have someone who looks a bit like her, they won't even need to let the world know. They draw Anna deeper and deeper into their little project while the other girl has some work done-surely you noticed the surgery scar just behind her left ear?" Lestrade shook his head and Sherlock rolled his eyes in frustration.
bring Lestrade, which naturally meant that he would.
~*~*~*~
John smiled as he scanned the page. This Alexander struck him as a proud sort of person that did not open up easily. John wondered if he was projecting traits of Sherlock onto Alexander because of how much he missed the consulting detective. It was hard to tell.
Ilia's face was scarlet with rage. "This is
John's fist hit the desk with a blow so forceful that Sherlock suspected he may have cracked the wood. "Damnit!... No, I'm sorry, I'm here. I just can't believe..."
Sherlock was familiar with most standard practices for others of his kind. Omegas were allowed to serve in the army, but their heats were closely monitored, so they could safely nest when the time came. For those omegas that chose to serve on the front lines, or longer missions where heats would come upon them, there was often one very dominant alpha selected to guard them. This often resulted unwanted pregnancies and other military related traumas because of the affect heat had on the instincts of alphas, but the military brushed this off with waivers and party lines of, "they knew what they were getting into."
James frowned, concerned, and placed a hand lightly on John's forearm. "That sounds like a scene right out of a horror film."
forms a much clearer picture. Think about it, Mrs. Dwight was in her early thirties with two children. I was able to ascertain their ages from her file at the morgue, but even if I wasn't, it's safe to assume they are still young, unless she had them in her teens."
The killer lashes out again, but this time Sherlock can see it coming, and he's more than desperate to save the intended victim...
At length Toby veered left following a trail that wound close to many of the cages. Each time he passed a cage Toby inched close to it, only to be viciously snarled and snapped at. Toby never started or pointed, merely seeming to consider for a moment, before moving on. The rows of cages went on, and on, and on. Sherlock counted nearly three dozen dogs, and frowned. For an operation this large, Mr. Werner would need help, which meant more than one person held the key, and could be by at any time to 'care' for the animals being held here. Time was working against them in more ways than one…
There were more hesitation marks here, and John knew why. There was no right thing to say at a time like this, in any language.
"You two stay here," Sherlock called over his shoulder. "This ward obviously needs extra supervision tonight."
"Somewhat. Her father has been a strong investor in this hospital every year, especially since his daughter started having trouble with heroin."
"I hacked Holloway Sanatorium's internal network when I was looking for you," Sherlock explained.
"Scream," Sherlock ordered his voice still low.
The suspicion grew inside John like an itch, but he shoved it away. He had no proof. He wasn't Sherlock, he wasn't even a detective. He needed to let other people do their jobs, while he focused on his. He was a doctor. He healed. He didn't go around sticking his nose in places where it did not belong. If there was an obvious risk or threat to patient safety, he would be obligated to report it. Even if there was only a suspicion, but a suspicion with evidence to back it up, he should report it. This…this was nothing, a phantom. More likely than not it was a misguided effort by his subconscious to find a case and restore a sense of normalcy. Giving in to the urge would not help, he need to allow time for himself to adjust to this new…normal.
the suppressants had.
John's mouth fell open in surprise. They had spoken at length and repeatedly about what had transpired in their days apart, particularly during the case. This particular point, however, had not been alluded to in great detail. "How?" John breathed. "How did you know it was him?"
to be!
having this biology hanging over my head. It had to stop, it was
Marcus nodded softly, and tipped his glass to John before drinking from it. At length he spoke again, a wry grin spreading over his face. "Well, I do have years of experience burying scandal to the point that even my clients forget it ever happened."
~*~*~*~*~
At length he finally forced himself to lower the chart and
"Bruising she would have sustained, when grabbed just like this," Sherlock demonstrating by reaching behind Mr. McGregor and closing his hand tightly around the back of his neck. Mr. McGregor's shoulders hunched in surprise and self-defense as Sherlock straightened, forcing him to stand on his toes.
Harry didn't know quite what to say. Eva was in pain, but it hardly seemed to bother her... Or maybe it was the way she handled it. Her astonishment must have shown on her face because Eva leaned towards her and spoke again.
The ex-army doctor studied the replication of the letter for a few minutes, rearranging their order, turning the paper around, and anything else he could think of to wring understanding from the clue Sherlock had presented to him. When his attempts to fold the paper, as though the right combination of folds would somehow result in a new message resulted in Sherlock's unbridled laughter, John huffed in frustration and straightened the paper on his knee. "I know this will feel like a stupid question in a moment," John began, "but
"Knot me, John, please." His voice was breathless and trembling, but he knew he had made himself understood when a firm grip pulled his thighs around John's waist and a delicious pressure made itself known at is entrance.
. As he grasped it, however, Sherlock's grip tightened, preventing John from taking it out of his hand. John looked up and was instantly met by the chilling glare of Sherlock's light blue eyes. Sherlock's baritone voice rumbled, deep and threatening. "This won't be enough to send her where she might get the best help. And she's still going to fail anyway. If you can't let her go, you're going to spend the next year watching her
," John had replied, nodding once, and turning to walk down the stairs.
Mary nodded and stepped forward, her arm still extended. John encircled her forearm and wrist gently, putting only the barest necessary pressure on her joints as he assessed the damage. He sighed softly before pronouncing, "I think you have a sprained wrist, maybe a sprained elbow too." John raised his eyes to Mary's his face the picture of contrition. He'd never hurt a woman before, outside of combat. It made him feel sick, and reminded him of his father.
"That's
The amusement bled away from her, and the smile left her face, but Mary's eyes remained locked on his. "You must have dug very deep to find that name, Mr. Homes."
Sherlock simply smiled enigmatically, locking John in a vice-grip every time he tried to inch away. "Would you do us the favor of signing our programs?" Sherlock asked, holding the folded papers and a ball point pen out to Ms. Adeline.
Somewhere along the line, that had become his catchphrase. Only it wasn't fine. None of it. Nothing had really been fine since Sherlock had jumped; John had just become skilled at managing how 'not fine' he was.
"Well, no, but it can't be that hard," John murmured, rubbing his neck in slight embarrassment.
Sherlock leaned back at a dangerous angle, hanging onto the railing for balance, so that he could tip his head over one shoulder and speak to John in a near whisper.
"There
Sherlock carefully noted the social worker and the nurse's names for future reference, then moved on to the next few profiles. John's profile came up again and instead of ignoring it like he was meant to, Sherlock slipped into the video feed from Accident and Emergency and trained it on John. He was tired and drawn, but for all intents and purposes he was still safe. Satisfied, Sherlock shrank the video feed and set it in the upper right corner of his screen so that he'd be able to glance up as needed and ensure that John was still, in fact, safe.
John looked up from his dinner, and his gaze locked with Mary's. She had a sad wistful smile playing on her lips. As much as he was vehemently opposed to even the thought of reconciliation…he didn't want to have that discussion tonight. Mary missed her husband, had said that she would welcome him back with open arms if only the possibility existed for him to come back; their situations were too similar and too different at the same time. There had been nothing flawed or broken in her marriage, and John could appreciate how her longing would color her viewpoint. For now he wanted to let the conversation drop; agree to disagree.
He watched Molly turn and walk away before he turned back to Mary. Mary gave him a tight lipped smile and murmured, "Now we wait."
John finds comfort and resolves to move on.
"A suicide text? Tell me you're not
A young couple huddled together under the awning as they walked down the street. They were walking towards Sherlock, in the space of a quarter of a minute they'd be past him and on their way. The man was tall with broad shoulders, dark eyes, and a strong jaw. The woman also had dark features, with stunningly pale blue eyes. She was shorter than the man she was with, but actually a bit tall for a woman, and had a strong frame. Her rain coat was plain and black.
The bell on the door tinkled as they entered a small, clean lobby. There were eight chairs around the outside of the lobby, various pet paraphernalia for sale in displays, and one large black cat with a pink collar lounging on the counter who peeked open a green eye as they entered, then stretched.
Sherlock nodded. "In the second story bedroom, yes. He probably set it up before he left so that it would happen over a few days, giving him all the time he needed to be seen at his business conference. Air tight alibi."
Sherlock reached out, and with the use of his natural strength, which no one ever seemed to anticipate, and his knowledge of pressure points, he separated the couple's hands. The woman immediately withdrew her hand, clutching it to her chest and rubbing it to ease the ache. She looked between Sherlock and her boyfriend with a haunted, frightened look. She wasn't happy with this development, but she remained silent.
kiss, will always flutter in his consciousness with the first breath he takes outside.
"I need a shower and food, and then we need to talk," John says, wiggling his way out of Sherlock's arms.
Between Saturday and Monday afternoon, Sherlock and John fuck themselves into no less than five endorphin-fueled comas. There's their glorious first time, when John comes untouched on Saturday afternoon, and their second—the rimming and blow job he gets from Sherlock Sunday morning before work.
bullying this boy and not being able to do
John carried the news back down to Sherlock, who was visibly relieved. Back under the duvet, with Sherlock's small body tucked against him, John was about to drift off when Sherlock spoke.
and your
, would you?" Sherlock says flatly.
Even after he can speak again, he doesn't. He doesn't want to move. They lie there for a good five minutes. Eventually, Gerald pushes him off with a mumbled
"I'm sorry, dear, but you weren't listening to me. Chatsworth isn't going to hurt us. He's here to help us."
Sherlock then uses his middle finger, and pushes that in, by itself, all the way until the knuckles of his hand are once pressing against the outside of John's hole, and John says, breathlessly, "Why are you—" and Sherlock rubs a circle on John's lower back, and then John feels Sherlock's wet, open mouth kissing his right cheek, tongue darting out to lick flat over the kiss, and then the pressure when Sherlock's lips lock and he
"You shouldn't have jerked me into your lap like that, you know," John says. He stops with his hand on the doorknob. "I'll be home right after work. It takes about thirty minutes for me to get home on the tube."
John felt Sherlock's sullenness in response to that, but Sherlock didn't say anything. In fact, he remained silent for the entire time it took him to hatch. After the first leg there came a second. Once Sherlock got a grip with both feet, he started to lever himself up out of the shell. His head slowly appeared from out of the shell, his long neck stretching.
Sherlock feels his stomach drop even though he knew this was coming. In the kitchen, the kettle clicks off, but John ignores it.
"I'll help you, let me just get your pain pills and I'll be back."
, you act as though I'm being unreasonable! And then Sherlock tells me you're his brother, which, frankly, makes this
Gerald laughs. "I knew that's how you would react! Yes, only two."
"No, I meant, is he
Then he ignores his own directive by leaning over ever so slightly and nuzzling against the crotch of Gerald's trousers. Gerald's back shields them from anyone who might see unless they were to come around the front. He licks a line up the fly of Gerald's trousers.
During the long car ride back to London, he found himself mostly bewildered, rather than distraught. He had
"Can I come over for an hour or so?"
"Close your eyes and try that right now, but don't imagine actually putting on your dragon skin. Just take it out of the wardrobe. It's very easy for young dragons to accidentally shift in inappropriate places, which is why we're practicing. You need to be able to reach for your dragon without letting him take over. Can you see him?"
and a
"I'm sorry, Sherlock," John says as he takes off his coat and hangs it up. "I never should've walked out like that."
Sherlock launches into the attack. He pins Blaine’s arms down at the elbow, presses his forearm against Blaine’s neck, wrapping his other hand around that wrist, and puts all his weight into it.
"I'm a doctor. I get it."
“You said you wanted to fuck,” Sherlock says, with an aristocratic arch of his eyebrows. “Let’s fuck.”
"You thought I'd be—" Sherlock prompts. He opens his mouth against the underside of John's exposed jaw, poised as though to bite down, but instead he just scissors his teeth up the edge of John's jawbone, until he nibbles against the skin beneath John's ear.
the man you are and I want to help you bring that man back. Will you, please-- Sherlock, no more secrets. Right?"
"Fifteen seconds!" Cayden says. "Together or not, I don't care, but
"It was to keep you safe—"
"I knew," Gerald says, looking sheepish.
John actually smiled as he picked up his drink. "Yes."
Hesitation marks and scribbles blurred almost an entire line of text before John was able to make out Alexander's writing once more. Mycroft's agent must have had much greater difficulty gathering his thoughts than normal.
The quickly exchanged numbers, saving each other as contacts in their phones. "Alright," John said, looking up once he was finished, "We'd better get going; I don't want to keep you out too late."
Isn't that wonderful, Johnny?
The music turned low, and sinister when Von Rothbart made his appearance, forcing the would be lovers apart. Sherlock had gone on endlessly about love being a powerful motivator for all manner of evil; it was always the first motive he explored on a murder. John thought back to his last case with Sherlock, and the brutal treatment Mrs. Werner had suffered at the hands of her husband. Sherlock had been right to focus on the husband, but not because of the presumed love between a husband and a wife, but because of the absence of the love that should have been there. In every case where Sherlock tried to make a point about love he was dealing with the absence of it or the perversion of it. It was short sighted of him really, but at least he was aware of it.
John's breathing escalated rapidly for a few moments before he closed the distance between them and decked Sherlock soundly. Sherlock reeled from the impact in a way he hadn't when John had punched him during the case where he met Ms. Adler; this time his nose and teeth were not spared in the slightest.
" John had replied, haltingly.
Sherlock smirked slightly, adjusting his scarf as the cab sped off.
Sherlock glanced over his shoulder, distracted. "Hm? Oh, those aren't important. He already has those, and examining them won't tell us anything we don't already know; nothing of value anyway. No, it's the letters she has that we need to get our hands on."
protective alpha, and little changes like a closed door rarely escaped his notice anymore; little signs like this could be a warning, the difference between life and death if ignored.
John nodded. "Then we shouldn't keep them." He stepped out of his room, shut the door behind him, and reached for his formal coat, which he'd draped on the back of one of the dining chairs. Mary likewise slipped into her coat and the two of them made their way outside.
John closed his eyes and surrendered to the inevitable. He didn't spend a significant amount of time each day thinking about Sherlock, but the simple fact that Sherlock was still on his mind every single day, galled him. John knew he hadn't deceived himself in his feelings for Sherlock, and that they would be slow to fade no matter how much he longed for the day when he could barely remember Sherlock's name.
"Sir?"
With Sherlock's help he maneuvered himself into the bed properly. He didn't think he could coordinate his limbs to pull the sheets over himself; luckily Sherlock took care of that.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Don't make this more than it is, we have work to do."
There was a long pause before Mary answered, "I think she specifically advertised for a mad doctor."
Sherlock reached out and accepted the case. "I'll be in touch. I presume you know where to find me."
John shook his head. "No, but nearly. It's a very bad sprain, and they want me in this thing for two weeks, just to be safe. Think we can avoid chases for that long?"
Well, John supposed that followed, but it still left a bitter taste in his mouth.
Sherlock blinked at her, not sure how to respond. He hadn't been clicking over to a new tab to watch John, that was the point of shrinking and fixing the camera feed in the top right hand corner, he could move from tab to tab without and disruption of his visual access to the Charing Cross security camera feed. She must have been tracking his eye movements… Although she might just have enough skills to have remotely accessed his computer. He was scanning and protecting against that kind of invasion, but as he'd thought earlier, Mary was a highly, highly skilled hacker and computer engineer.
Thank you to everyone who left comments on my story!  I love hearing back from my readers, and it is always much appreciated, especially this week, since I'm sick  >_<   Thank you also to everyone who left kudos, bookmarked, and/or subscribed to my story. I hope you enjoy this next installment!
John frowned. "What's wrong?"
"Susan," Sherlock repeated in a low voice, smiling intimately at her, before slowly turning back to face her boyfriend.
Rebecca accepted John's wallet in her free hand and wished them both a good evening before turning around and walking towards what appeared to be a back office.
"And you would be?" Sherlock asked eyeing the bed, feeling nerves creep over him again.
"This has a lot more at stake than deductions, Sherlock!"
Sherlock sighed and let out a long, slow breath.
Sherlock tried to break his flatmate's hold, he was confident he could do so given his superior strength, but he underestimated the strength of John's grip and the leverage he was applying with it. Of course it made sense in retrospect. Being a short man in the army John would've had to use his low center of gravity and his knowledge of anatomy to help command the respect of his fellows. The world's only consulting detective managed to take a few steps forward, but he had expected to throw his blogger off, not carry him along. The unexpected shift of weight caused him to lose his balance and they tumbled to the floor with a magnificent crash.
"How long have you had a fever?" John's steady blue gaze held him, and Sherlock knew he would not be brushed off.
A slow, amused smile spread over John's lips. "Sherlock Holmes, are you playing matchmaker?"
: Painful Truths
brought me to some poor girls room, and tried to tell me she was you." The ex-army doctors voice was low and gravely with an unspoken threat.
out," John growled.
John, Sherlock, and Greg pulled blue medical gloves on their hands as they neared the body. John frowned in sympathy for the victim. The Detective Inspector had not overstated the gore. The body was faceless, because the face had been blown off, and the skull had been badly damaged. It was sunken into a bloody pulp that only vaguely resembled a head.
"You poor dear," Mr. Walker cooed with no real sincerity, it would appear sincere to the onlookers who had gathered, but that was only due to societies' general stupidity and lack of real observation. "That looks bad." Mr. Walker frowned and sigh with the same mock concern. "You'll need to take some time to heal, of course, but I'm afraid we will have to hold auditions for first chair violinist." Mr. Walker made to put a hand on Nichole's shoulder, pausing when she flinched away from him.
There was some hesitancy here, several scratches of the pen as if Alexander hadn't been sure what to write or if he wanted to continue.
"Exactly!" Sherlock gestured wildly, and for a moment John thought he would flop backwards onto the floor as though the world was too boring to be tolerated. "I don't
Sherlock snorted with derisive, humorless laughter. "Some people have a cock and a healthy sex drive, you mean. Even
"Thank you for inviting me to the case, it's been quite interesting. I'll call you if I think of anything."
John had become such an integral part of Sherlock's cases that Lestrade had begun to contact
He could not comfort John with promises that he would never leave, because they lived dangerous lives, and there was no telling what could happen next. There was one thing, however, that he could promise, because despite the hurt and the domestics, Sherlock had absolute faith in their enduring partnership.
"Lestrade's already in route," Sherlock murmured absently, eyes still flitting about the room. "There was a silent alarm on the window, and the door to the morgue. The owners value their reputation. I just need a moment; she must be here."
Sherlock stared resolutely ahead and did not reply. He was concentrating on the weight of the
Greetings, and welcome back for another chapter of Choosing Love! ^_^
"Mike, that's fantastic news! Congratulations!" John enthused, glad to focus on
Sherlock frowned in confusion as John and his companion hurried away. It wasn't John's reaction that confused him, but the woman's. She had tossed him a sympathetic look over her shoulder as she was hurried away, and she'd mouthed something to him that looked very much like, "
"None at all." Sherlock hadn't yelled, but his word seemed to ring around the apartment with the depth of their finality.
there too. When the paramedics arrived your oxygen levels were uncomfortably low. They gave you Naloxone, but the cocktail you received was mostly barbiturates." John squeezed Sherlock's forearm lightly. "I'm glad you're alright."
~*~*~*~
Instead, Sherlock found himself shifting his focus. He reviewed the scheduled shifts for the day, his heart stuttering when he found Johns' name on the roster. This was bad. He was afflicted by every chemical reaction, inconvenience, and judgment impairment he'd ever railed against when deigning to discuss love…and he didn't care. As much as the current situation pained him and as much as it distracted from his work, Sherlock knew he wouldn't change his feelings even if he could.
"That's too often."
Greetings, and welcome back for another chapter of Choosing Love! ^_^
The ex-army doctors tone was amused, but the world's only consulting detective was frowning. John was a doctor,
John glanced over at his flatmate and smiled slowly. "Yeah, he's pretty special." Sherlock huffed in what John perceived to be mock indignation and strolled back into the living room to review his case requests.
~*~*~*~
Laurali rolled her eyes at her husband. "That's what papa and dad are here to help with!"
John wasn't buying it. "When you have so much control over your transport? And when your shoulder slipped back in that easily? Do I even want to
, together again.
John managed, just barely, not to laugh.
Mary's gaze, however, never wavered from Sherlock as she explained. "Romance, regret, and revenge. Romance is the most common motivation for some of the most heinous crimes, but I think we can rule that out in this case, given the disparity in his targets."
"Yes," Sherlock murmured, moving to stand.
John finally recovered his power of speech as her back disappeared from view and he yelled, "He's not my boyfriend!" Sherlock's baritone laughter rang in his ears.
"You stopped doing that two months ago," Sherlock countered with a wry smile.
"Huh. I guess Sherlock isn't the only one experiencing a lull in cases," John mused.
John frowned. "How do you mean? They can get help now; proper help from the right authorities."
turning the corner towards John's room. This new hallway had two guards and two orderlies waiting outside of the room to the right at the very end of the hall. For a moment Sherlock's heart leapt into his throat, but he forced himself to breath and observe. John's room was close to the end of this hall, not at the very end, whatever they were waiting for, it wasn't John.
"Is this really the time for giggling?" Sherlock murmured, pulling John's belt free from his trousers.
"Why didn't you ask for the letters his daughter sent?" he asked, trying to get some perspective on this case. If he was going to write this one up, which he was sure Sherlock would force him do to, he'd have to be very careful with identifying details. Trying to explain how Sherlock did what he did made a better story then any name dropping would do.
"Really?" John was still shouting. "
Molly's exit had been heavy handed and overly dramatic. In truth, he'd barely given it a second thought until one week later. He'd finished thoroughly embarrassing and ruining the career of Mr. Arthur Jones, and no interesting cases had immediately followed. He'd been approximately three seconds from shooting the walls to end his boredom, when he'd discovered the used syringe in his jacket pocket. He'd twirled it between his fingers for a few moments, collecting small bits of data from the syringe before him and his memory of the night.
"Then let's go," John said, gently tugging Sherlock after him as he turned to leave.
"Well, that much is obvious. If you were any more red I'd need to use blush instead of concealer," Mary retorted, leaning back for a moment to smirk at him.
