“Tony likes cars,” Bruce explained. “And he’s a slob.”
“You—really? Seriously?”
“It was a boring meeting and some of their stuff was wrong, Pep,” he complained. “Like, two days outdated and playing towards people’s fears.”
A second later, he was standing by himself. Staring at the huge doors.
Tony got a warm feeling inside his chest. He had donated the designs to anyone who could make them and gave a lot of money to some veteran hospitals so people like Bucky could be helped directly, without worrying about doctor visits or therapy bills. He wasn’t sure how many soldiers his efforts had helped, but he was glad to see at least one person benefitted from it all.
“Ugh,” he muttered, using a napkin to wipe his mouth.
Tony peeked up from where he had started to burrow into the blanket. “You mean it?”
“I—” Steve cut himself off, trying to collect his thoughts as he tugged the blanket closer around himself. “I feel so strange. Not like myself at all. Like I’m too large for my body and I’m running on empty. I want to yell and burrow myself under some blankets for the rest of eternity.”
“Tony, I …”
Rhodey snorted, interrupting his thoughts. “Look, Tones. Let’s keep this short and simple: feelings of attraction are natural. People have them all the time. It’s totally normal to find yourself attracted to someone cute and funny. You don’t have to let it get to your head.”
“Yeah. It’s magic—I’m just in the form of a squirrel, not actually a squirrel.”
“Wanna get dinner?” Tony asked in a rush.
. This close, he could see the dark blue around the very edges of his irises and the tiny flecks of green in his left eye. He could see the way his hair was getting a little long, long enough that Tony wanted to brush back the strands that were falling across his forehead.
“Yeah,” Tony asked. “What do you think about Maslow only studying the healthiest of college students at the time and saying that studying those who aren’t neurotypical can, and I quote, ‘yield only a cripple psychology and a cripple philosophy’?”
“Do you want to come out into the living room?”
“Samples?” Tony repeated.
Peter visibly swallowed.
His hands were shaking. Even sitting down, his knees were buckling. So much for fleeing—he’d trip and kill himself in an attempt. God, his face was probably completely red.
“An obsession then?”
Tony rolled his eyes and snuggled further into him on the couch, enjoying the arm Steve had wrapped around his waist. “Don’t worry, there’s still fifty years of pop culture I can educate you on.”
“Friday at eight?”
Autumn was coming to the city in full swing.
“You were
Steve was sure he looked annoyed, but it was hard when he just felt so much love and fondness for Tony. Getting a marriage license,
Tony met his eyes and waved as they headed out the door.
Not with how the sun caught in his hair and made it a few shades lighter, like some sort of halo around his head. Or how his eyes lit up and became even bluer when someone said something funny or he recognized a customer. Not when he remembered what was going on in everyone’s lives and genuinely asked about their days. Not when his simple cotton shirts did nothing to hide his amazing arms or how his apron accented his waist just right. He blushed easily, smiled often, and Tony swore that if he could bottle his laugh, he’d be three times as rich.
“Yeah. They understood. I didn’t have to explain it too much. They were more concerned with it helping me or not.”
It was hardly a milky, diluted espresso shot like some people claimed.
, Tony.”
“Yeah,” Tony sighed. “He is. That’s why I was giving myself a pep-talk. To keep my feelings in check and keep it in my pants.”
Damn instincts.
“Thanks, Pep, I’ll bring you something be back before noon!”
Despite those kind words, Peter looked absolutely devastated.
Tony slammed the butt of the gun against the man’s temple. He crumbled easily.
child ask such things, and he knew the system was broken, but god, finding the right people and giving them resources would make a world of a difference. So, he did that instead. Him being in jail would do no one any good.
If everything went according to plan.
“Oh. Okay.”
Stiofán placed his hand on Antonius’ shoulder.
In the background, Steve heard the familiar sparking of a welder.
“And have you mess it up again? Hell, no!”
Following the tunnel, he passed by more carved rocks and a smaller passage way that had a large basin at the end of it. In it, he could see offerings: smaller stones with paint on them, bread that had long dried out, old sheaths of grain, and other such objects. This walk was a short one compared to the rest of his journey, leading him out to a highly decorated entrance.
“Tony.”
strangled. The way Steve’s shoulders filled out that leather jacket, how it tapered down with his hips, was downright sinful. It was another Classic All-American Look and Steve just pulled it off effortlessly.
“But—”
Steve chuckled and settled down, hoping that like he had seen with real dogs, his weight and presence in this form would help ease Peter’s anxiety some.
“Huh,” he said aloud as he looked over the different handwriting. The sticky notes were colorful and over-sized, perfect for those with longer questions or messier scrawls.
Peter was quiet for a few moments. “But for now, I gotta figure out what kind of glasses I need?”
Of course, how was they know?
“Yeah.”
Mr. Rogers blinked and then looked aghast. “Oh, no—this is about Peter. I spoke to Flash and his parents, but they pretty much threatened to call their lawyers and claimed that he was innocent. I’m keeping an eye on it, but I hope it won’t escalate before something is done about it.”
“Huh? Uh—yeah. Except science. Science is really cool.”
She gave a shrug. “You two might not look like each other, but you behave pretty similarly. There’s also a strong chance that ADHD runs in the family. His generation is more likely to have more people undiagnosed because it wasn’t understood as well back when he was in school.”
“Cold?”
This is a little personal, but I just wanted to write it out and put my thoughts/feelings into words, because this was something I did very deliberately:
Peter knew he was an easy target for students with a perchance for picking on others. He was short, scrawny, didn’t do well with physical activities, and tended to be more emotional than other boys his age. Not that there was anything wrong with that—he was fully aware what toxic masculinity was and he did not want anything to do with it. He would happily remain ‘scrawny’ and ‘weak’ if it meant that he wasn’t going around hurting people.
Steve rolled his eyes and grabbed his jacket. “I’ll be back later this evening. Not sure when, you know how these things sometimes go.”
All in all, the village adjusted to these newcomers and the changes they brought with ease.
At least he had his friends, he thought, as he flipped through a few more pages of a book about courtship rituals omegas could initiate. Bucky, Sam, and Nat at least appreciated him. They didn’t think he was worthless or needed to fit some sort of societal expectation. Sure, they poked and snarked at him, but he gave back what he got, and he knew that they would always have each other’s backs. They had covered shifts, helped with chores, picked up dinner without being asked, and did so much more. They didn’t bother with keeping track.
He’s glad Iron Man and Mr. Stark have such different schedules, because he’s sure if Iron Man saw the way Steve acted around Mr. Stark, he would know what Steve was feeling immediately.
“I would stay near you even if you were covered in battery acid,” Steve murmured, probably too soft for Tony to hear.
“Well, I saw your,” Tony gestures at the sketchpad. “Which, you left that out by the way, you should - should be more careful.” He’s still panting, his dress slacks around his ankles, his head laying against the back of the couch. Steve wants so very badly to kiss the skin of his neck on full display like this.
’s usual car is parked.
of questions. Why would Tony Stark be interested in whether or not Steve was okay? Shouldn’t he have more glamorous, exciting people to be talking to? Or better, more interesting projects to work on?
Steve let himself believe that Doom’s truth poison made him pull Tony into a hug that made the other man squeak. He didn’t have to pretend as he whispered into Tony’s ear, “I’ve missed you. I’ve missed you so much.”
“You’re pretty bright, Rogers, I’m fairly certain you know your letters.” The words are sardonic but Tony’s voice is full of fondness.
Tony recoils in horror. He doesn’t need any explanation to understand exactly what she means. “No…”
Steve smiles back, trying so hard to look unmoved, even if his erection is pressing tightly against his uniform pants and his breathing is as labored as it is in battle.
“But when they let me onto the team, and into their home, I didn’t care if it was the future or not. Someone cared about me, enough to trust me. Enough to give me something I needed so very, very badly.
Steve - Steve likes the sound of that so much. He nods, throat choked with feelings he cannot name.
Tony was leaving the mansion to him. Tony was leaving - Tony was leaving him a sum of money that was greater than Steve had ever imagined owning.
“And maybe that something else will have someone as beautiful as Tony. Maybe that something else will have someone who will strive to treat him right. Maybe they’ll have something we never did.”
“He didn’t have to. He could have gotten me my own place, or could have let me live there but not welcomed me like he did. But the thing about Tony is that giving someone something so precious isn’t even a question to him. He’ll do it like it’s instinct.
They sit in companionable silence for a minute. Steve almost forgets that he’s sitting across from the most wildly attractive person he has ever seen. Tony’s got some kimchi juice on the side of his mouth, and Steve wants to say something - wants to lick it off, if he’s being honest with himself - but it’s so endearing. Seeing Tony Stark like this, warm and comfortable, makes Steve’s heart sing.
Steve chances a peek at Mr. Stark’s face, trying to understand what is going on. He’s grinning, but not his full on all out grin he does for cameras - Steve watches all of his press appearances religiously, and is
“I mean that’s very flattering - for him, I’m sure that would be very flattering if he saw it, but, why are you drawing Tony Stark?” Iron Man shifts almost imperceptibly at his shoulder. Discomfort? Steve hopes not.
“I like it when you touch me,” Tony said, and his eyes went wide and his face paled. “I hate that I like it, because I shouldn’t, because I don’t deserve that, and I hate that I’m explaining this to you even if I can’t stop it because I’m just putting all of my issues on you again even though you’ve been struggling more than I have, with the Hydra thing. And I hate that I even brought that up because now you’re going to look sad, because you think that’s all people see when they look at you, but all I can see is the best man I’ve ever known. I hate myself,” he finished lamely.
Iron Man tilts his head to the side. “Uh, gonna have to be more specific than that.”
Tony looks away quickly, practically a flinch for him, and Steve takes that to mean he hit on a kernel of truth.
“Tony, is that…?”
Tony takes him to a fancy French restaurant. He speaks easily with the waiter - from Bordeaux, though Steve spent less than a day there during the war - in languid French. Tony eyes him strangely, but Steve has no idea how to read it.
Steve knows he shouldn’t want it - but he thinks so intently in that moment of leaning over and kissing Tony. What would Tony feel like under his lips? Would he open his mouth and taste like curry? Would he lean into it or let Steve lead? Would he touch Steve?
Tony did this to her. He can remember every time the Hydra Supreme made them - made them fuck, every touch between her and Tony an apology, every look begging forgiveness.
He doesn’t - he can’t - his mouth drops open. It feels like a betrayal of the real Steve, of
Tony nods dumbly along as it speaks, but Sharon catches his eye. She looks at him fiercely, raises her chin, and says, “I do love you,” to Tony.
Steve felt the heat flood his face, opened his mouth to respond and all that came out was, “I want to suck you off so badly right now.” He snapped his jaw shut, eyes as wide as Tony’s were.
Tony sighed, leaning down into the touch, pressing his cheek to Steve’s temple. “I missed you too, winghead. I missed you too.”
Steve looks up from Tony’s thigh, sits up so he can meet Tony’s gaze, and he sees no guile there. Tony seems, if anything, hopeful. His smile is small, not quite reaching his eyes, and he’s wrenching his hands together.
“I know that you don’t - that you aren’t comfortable with extravagant things. It doesn’t mean I don’t want to give them to you!” Tony says, interrupting whatever Steve had opened his mouth to interject with. “I want to give you the world. But, I know it makes you feel uncomfortable. Like you’re in my debt.”
Best of all, Tony eats dinner with them, something Steve has never seen him willingly do. Iron Man always says that Tony has work, so it’s gratifying to see Tony sitting down next to Steve, smiling at him, eating the same food as the rest of them.
“I was - I um, I was serious. But if it made you uncomfortable I can stop, it’s fine, I totally understand -“
Oh. Oh wow. Steve can barely think, his mind unraveling as Tony jacks him off. He’d never felt this much before, not unless he was alone with his hand.
I was so furious, not at you or at him - well, not on this front - but at myself, for letting it get that far. For not having the courage to say what I feel.
He walks Steve down to the lobby of the mansion, chatting aimlessly as they go, and Steve’s having a hard time focusing on the words he’s saying. Steve nods where appropriate, moving only on instinct, because Mr. Stark is right there, hand on his back, so close he can smell his cologne.
“You’re not weak,” Steve said gently, trying to ignore that Tony said he wanted to kiss him as he inspected the wound in Tony’s arm.
“But a weapon being used against civilians isn’t the fault of the weapon, just the fault of the user,” Steve counters. “It’s not the weapon’s fault that a soldier uses it for terrible ends.”
“Can we - can we do that again, maybe?”
Sharon says, “I’m pregnant,” then, and Tony’s heart stops.
They’re already sitting at the table, chatting animatedly. Tony doesn’t notice him immediately, and it gives Steve the chance to look at his profile. Tony is almost painfully gorgeous like this, wearing simple grease-stained clothes and smiling wide. Steve swallows around the lump in his throat and smiles at Tony when the man looks at him.
asked. You looked like you meant it.”
Steve knew better than to interrupt to ask what way Tony wanted him to care.
He also doesn’t want to make Iron Man
In the workshop is the motorcycle that Tony got for Steve, but broken up into all of its component pieces and scattered over Tony’s basement workshop floor.
Tony can’t bring himself to ask the question he really wants - what did you mean? - but Sharon must understand.
“I hate myself,” Tony said miserably, covering his face with his hands, sitting down to slump on the battlefield strewn with doombots. It figured Doom would want to embarrass Tony in the most traumatizing way possible.
He knows Mr. Stark probably doesn’t even notice, probably doesn’t have eyes for someone like Steve, but he can’t help himself from overthinking everything.
Mr. Stark laughs. “No problem. Most restaurants won’t be too concerned about what you wear as long as you have a shirt and shoes.”
“But… how do you keep it, whatever you have, without… without deluding yourself that it can last?” Steve now feels like the faraway one.
“That’s - huh, that, that sort of makes sense.” If Tony had initiated, then he won’t mind if Steve plays into it. At least, Steve hopes so.
“Sure… sure…” Steve says. “Thank you.”
Tony wonders if this is what the Hydra Supreme had wanted. To break him so thoroughly that there is no fixing him.
. Tony had no idea what this was.
“Are you -“ Tony begins to ask, but Steve puts his hands on Tony’s shoulders, rubbing them gently. Tony jerks his head down to look at Steve’s hand, then slowly raises his head until he’s looking at Steve again.
“You might want to, but that’s not what this is about Tony. It’s not about you -“
Tony’s ability to multitask is honestly incredible. He’s sucking at Steve's mouth and pulling Steve’s dick out and Steve can feel the cool air of the workshop contrasting with the heat of him.
“I don’t… I can’t… Tony, this is too much,” Steve chokes out, unable to say the words echoing in his head.
“Sure thing,” Tony says, and leans back in to kiss him again.
Steve stumbles into the mansion, exhausted from fighting Namor and saving the team that rescued him from the ice. Iron Man insisted that Steve come back to the mansion and meet his employer.
Steve laughed, relieved to be talking about something other than Tony’s dick and his mouth.
Tony’s tongue is around Steve’s shaft again, working the skin as he pumps Steve’s dick.
“Oh, yeah,” Steve answers, a little embarrassed. “I pick up languages quick. I was stationed in France for a bit before I joined up with the Invaders, you know, and I spent my free time learning and talking to locals.”
Steve grit his teeth and kneeled down next to Tony, the rough asphalt under his knee a helpful pain to ground him. He grabbed the small medical kit from Tony’s armor, the one he’s used to patch Tony up what feels like a hundred times.
“Gonna hit the hay, winghead. You gonna stay up?” He asks, nodding at Steve’s sketch pad.
Steve gapes at her for a few beats. “What? How -“
“Well,” Tony begins, leaning forward towards Steve and grinning fiercely. “Me and Angie were what you might call adventurous. We had been drinking and flirting the night away, during one of those endless galas, and we were both very bored, as you can imagine. She was there representing her father’s company - she’s their head of marketing - and I didn’t know anyone there besides her and Janet.”
He can hear the voices again, on the distant edge of perception. Steve and someone else, someone he doesn’t quite recognize.
“No buts,” Tony says, smiling warmly. “That’s an order. Eat until you’re full.” His voice softens. “You shouldn’t have to go hungry in my house, Cap. I want you to feel safe.”
“I, uh, I missed you too.”
Jan gives him a jaunty salute and yawns before waving him goodnight.
spoken to Steve like that. “I appreciate your concern for him. You know how much you both mean to me.” Tony feels like the world is falling out from under him. What is happening?
“Or maybe more…”
Steve can wait, though. It’s still hard to believe that Tony wants him at all. Sometimes Steve wonders if it’s just pity or obligation. Tony could do so much better than Steve; maybe he’s only staying so that he doesn’t hurt Steve’s feelings.
He holds the tray with one hand and gently opens the door, hoping not to interrupt Tony’s work. When he steps through the doorway, however, Tony isn’t at his bench at all.
Steve wants to reach out and touch, wants to let his fingers explore every inch of Mr. Stark until he can see him with his eyes closed. He thinks about what Mr. Stark smells like, in his fancy clothes. He thinks about Mr. Stark in his workshop, developing the Iron Man armor. He thinks about Mr. Stark covered in engine grease with his perfect hair tousled.
Steve furrows his brow. “What exactly were you hoping for?”
But when Tony sees him and wraps his arms around Steve, pulls him close and all but vibrates in his embrace, Steve has a hard time feeling guilty.
“Wait, Steve, no-“ Tony begins, but Steve is already halfway across the restaurant.
“I love you.”
, Steve thinks. Why would Tony Stark do this himself? Surely he can get updates from Iron Man, and Steve asks Iron Man a
“Lord, I’m so gone on you,” Steve says to himself in a whisper, and Tony must hear because he laughs, throws his head back and shakes his whole body with it.
“Is that enough, Steven Rogers?” Her voice is pleading, the first time any of her words have sounded like questions and not demands.
Steve smiles softly. Her eyes are dense with emotion, like neutron stars, and he wants so very badly to give her a hug, as if that might reassure her.
“It’s not uncomfortable,” Steve says with a small frown. “I just want to know if you’re serious or not.”
“Okay, Cap. Suit yourself,” Tony says, shrugging. Steve loves the way his suit hangs on his shoulders, the way his shoulders move as he shrugs, the way Steve’s gaze gets to linger on Tony’s face when he’s not looking at Steve. He wants to follow Tony back to the office, wants to stay with Tony wherever he goes, but he really, really can’t do that.
Steve even gets Tony to talk about his latest project for SI. Steve loves hearing Tony talk about his tech; the excited look in his eye when he knows Steve is grasping a complicated topic sends a thrill through Steve’s whole body.
I promise I want to try,” Tony said, smiling softly at Steve. “I love seeing you on your knees in front of me.”
It’s a certainty, a knowledge still in his chest, nestled next to his heart, right next to his own name.
Steve tries to keep his face deadpan, but he can’t help the corner of his mouth from quirking up. “Whenever…?” Tony laughs.
Tony calls a car to pick them up, and if you asked Steve what they talked about on the way home, he could not tell you.
He leans into the touch, smiles gratefully at Tony, feels his heart lighten at the smile he receives in turn. Feels his gut stab as he looks past Tony to see the beautiful - too beautiful - motorcycle behind him.
“I hate that I have that,” Tony said, staring at the medical kit through his fingers. “I hate that you’re so good with it. I hate being weak, like I’m holding you back. I wish I was half as good as you are. I wish I had seen the other you coming, I should have, how long have I known you?” His breath was ragged.
“Don’t worry, Tony, it’s getting easier. Being with the team, at the mansion, it makes it - now - feel a little bit more like home every day.”
He’s not sure what the difference is.
His fingers are slow but so, so firm. He’s grabbing Steve’s dick like he’s trying to squeeze every ounce of life from it, and he drags Steve’s foreskin down from the head, exposing the crown.
“When I moved myself off of teams with you, it was because I was afraid of what I would do if I saw you. I didn’t deserve to be on a team with you. I wasn’t good enough. You should have had people who would treat you better.”
It seems like everyone who loves Steve Rogers feels an unhealthy amount of guilt.
She shakes her head, slow and wide like she doesn’t have to hide it. Like she’s intentionally changing the movement from - from how she did it then. “Not your fault,” she says again.
“Then,” Tony starts, reedily, gasping for air. “Then why won’t you let me take care of you.”
“Yeah. Does that feel good? I bet you usually take it slow, wait until you slick yourself up with your precum, but I’m not very patient. Want to suck you off. Want to feel you in my mouth.”
“But once you’re away from the light, a little less blinded by it, you can see him with clear eyes. Tony was changing, but I wasn’t losing him. Change is natural. Change isn’t the end. I wish I could have seen that sooner.” He sounds so tired, in his own ears.
While they were in the submarine, heading back to New York, he asked Iron Man if they had movies still in the future. The robot-man-thing bent over with laughter. “Oh, Cap,” he said, “I can’t wait to show you everything you’ve missed.”
“No, no, I’ve had plenty of sex," Steve demurs. "I’ve just never had anyone… do that kind of stuff. To my…”
“Tell me. Tell me to go and I’ll do it,” Tony murmured, voice perilously quiet.
Tony sputtered and gasped. “Right. We’re leaving. I’m going to get FRIDAY to schedule something, for both of us, with the best therapists I can afford. Or maybe T’Challa has therapists on call? That seems like something Wakanda would have fixed by now, but who knows.”
Tony looks at them hurry out of the room and begins to stand. Steve clamps a hand on Tony’s wrist, not pulling him in but not letting him leave either. “Can we talk?”
Steve grabs Tony’s legs and spreads them - Tony allowing the motion easily, and Steve really needs to ignore his libido in his kind of situation - and hesitantly touches the flared plastic covering Tony’s - Tony’s hole.
“You good, soldier?” Tony asks him, sounding a little nervous.
“Maybe I want to,” Tony said, voice low and fierce. Steve feels a yearning that that might mean something.
Tony’s mortification was clear on his face. Steve was sure shock was written across his own. He looked behind him to Robbie and Jen, who mirrored his expression.
When it’s out, like a plop, Steve can see the shape of it - curiously curved, sloping at an angle from the base. It’s not what he had expected Tony’s vibrator to look like, though then again he’s not entirely sure what he
, those things can be. And you took longer than I had expected.”
“You think Mr. Stark is
Jan gives him a winning smile. “They don’t say I’m sharp for nothing, Cap.”
And it’s - Steve had imagined that Tony would speak when they - during the act, as it were, but it’s one thing to imagine and another to hear the effects of his hand palming Tony’s cock, knowing that it’s
He can’t remember pain like this since he took off his helmet in the red zone. The pain then curled around every muscle in his body and pulsed in rhythm. Tony feels like it’s a little gauche, but he was almost impressed with the hurt. If he was a masochist, he thinks that’s the sort of pain he’d like.
There is a piece of paper in front of him. Steve can’t read it, and although he wants to, he shouldn’t pry. Not when they’re still tender like this.
“I need them to rely on me. I need them to wait for me, so… so that I’ll be here for them to see.”
“Oh, hey, it’s okay. Some dicks are different than others, but all dicks are beautiful.” Tony sounds so earnest when he says it. Steve can’t help from laughing.
If he opens himself up to hope instead of focusing on the things he can build, piece by piece, his hands in the loam, then he opens himself up to sheer and utter destruction.
Hydra Supreme would smile as he made them do it, run a hand lovingly over their bodies, whisper kind words of encouragement to them. Tony isn’t sure he’s ever hated anyone as much as that man, in those moments.
It’s - it’s too much. Too much from Tony, the most handsome person he’s ever met, currently riding the high of orgasm and saying nice things about Steve just because he helped get him off. Steve sighs and leans his forehead against Tony’s bare thigh.
But he can’t unlearn his lessons so easily. Everything is ephemeral. You never know when disaster will strike. Everyone leaves.
Handjobs were easier, but still a challenge. None of the people - men or women - that he liaised with were much good with his dick. Their grip was too loose, their strokes too shallow. After a while, he gave up on coming from another’s hand altogether.
“Hey, Cap, good to see you! Sorry I wasn’t around today, I had a ton of work at the office.” Tony sounds earnest in a way that leaves no room for doubt in Steve’s mind that he could be lying.
“And so you…”
He moves forward, rubbing a soft hand on Steve’s shoulder, and Steve is glad that this, at least, isn’t a mercy to him. He and Tony had built this - what they had - together, with their own hands.
“What? Why…?”
Steve lets out a massive sigh of relief, before nodding. “He does. God, that’s good to hear. I was in conniptions thinking you hated me, or Tony. I really didn’t want my friend to turn out to be a homophobe, especially like this.”
The last also is dismissed - Tony has done a lot of awful things in his life, some of which he can’t even remember, and there’s never going to be a moment when he is absolved of all of the wrong he’s done. There’ll never be a moment where he doesn’t deserve to repent for it either.
“We decided we’d try to spice up the evening,” Tony says, going low and husky on the last. “She brought two vibrators - you know what a vibrator is, right Cap?”
The Universe looks up now, her eyes spiraling and unfurling and collapsing. She looks lost.
He looks up to Tony, whose eyes are soft in the way that they only ever are when they’re looking at Steve. “Tony… I don’t… I don’t understand.”
Gifts may be given, mercies may be wrought, and charity may be tithed. But in a world that says “you are nothing without the money to back it up,” none of that matters.
And then Tony’s pace quickens, his hand still punishingly tight, and Steve is gasping.
After what feels like an eternity, he stops spasming and manages to open his eyes and oh god, he ejaculated all over Tony’s face. “Oh, oh my gosh, I’m so sorry Tony. I should have, I should have said something.”
“Stuck?” Steve asks, trying to keep his voice from rising to a panic.
When he wakes, to a robotic man and his friends, he takes a shuddering breath and thinks,
“Sweet, sweet New York …” Tony sighed happily, almost pressing his window to the glass of the airplane’s window. “Thank god.”
Thankfully, Steve let him think in peace.
Tony shook his hand when it was offered. “Uh, that’s good to hear. Thank you.”
“We can’t do anything here, this is the study room,” he exclaimed, aghast.
In the end, any worries Steve had about their relationship rocking the boat in their social circle was for naught. Pretty much everyone muttered, ‘about damn time’.
“Oh, god.”
Steve confessed that he was somewhere on the asexual spectrum early on in their relationship. He didn’t bother trying to figure out some long-winded term with Latin origins or whatever labels certain websites used. It was just easier to say that he didn’t mind displays of affection like hugging and holding hands, kissing was alright, but he didn’t want to go further than that. He wasn’t interested in sex, it wasn’t important to him, and he understood that this was a deal breaker for a lot of people. Hence some failed relationships.
Steve stood up again, leaning on the counter. “Not necessarily. War is … complicated. Even when you have military sanctions and intel backing you up.”
Apple had nothing on all of the applications he had, with plenty of memory leftover. It had yet to hit the market, he wanted to get some opinions from Rhodey first, but when it did … boom. The market was going to be revolutionized, the phone would be cheaper, and he was going to make sure a portion of the sales went to ensure technology was actually, properly cleaned up, and set up programs to legitimize so-called ‘recycling centers’ in other parts of the world that were just
“Dandelion seeds, or really, the fluff of them,” one doctor said. “That is all it was. I would stop all medications now, Mr. Rogers.”
“Thanks, Pep.”
“If you kept this up for another week, I would have flown my mother in,” Sam added.
“That too.”
Tony shook his head and dragged another blanket over both of them. “Nah, we’ll wait until this passes. For now, I just want to … I don’t know, pamper the hell out of you and make you feel better.”
Was Steve working on just the literature of science fiction? Or was he going through movies and shows too? Loads of people said they knew about movies like
“Oh no, not this again,” Tony said. “Nope.”
“Internet.”
Her eyes started to water and her smile was just as wobbly as the tears threatening to spill over. “Oh, Tony. You don’t need to thank me.”
Tony blinked and then frowned deeply at the tall, burly man before him. The room he was in was empty and basic, save for a table and some chairs. What sent a chill down Tony’s spine was seeing the skull-and-octopus on the wall and the man’s uniform.
“Tony! Warn a guy, will ya?”
Steve. No one should look at you and think you are anything but wonderful. You’re a pain in the ass, but just because you’re scrawny or are more prone to colds shouldn’t matter. I happen to like the fact that someone is shorter than me.”
Tony blanched. “What? About what? I don’t need another visit from the men in black, I had enough of that already!”
Helping him find a better job, arguing with the insurance companies a few times for him, and by giving the best cuddles …
He grinned—success!—and kissed her cheek.
“Do you want me to kidnap you? On Alpha’s Night?”
Mr. Rogers let out a deep sigh and ran a hand through his hair.
He could feel himself panicking already. No, no … Tony wasn’t like that. He
Tony frowned. “Is there something you haven’t told me? Like being bullied?”
“Uh, working on the algorithms?” he asked, like the guard was an idiot. He probably was.
Steve laughed and carefully put his bookmark inside his book before setting it on the end table, lining it up with the corner of the table, just so.
“Fine, I’ll come,” Pepper sighed, still plugging away at her phone. Probably answering emails, facilitating meetings, and basically keeping the company from bursting into flames.
Natasha looked at them expectantly.
In front of them, King Stephan rode up, flanked by Anthony Stark and James Barnes.
The man with wheat hair suddenly appeared, speaking in rapid tones and holding onto Antonius like he could shield him with his thin body. The others seemed to calm down rather quickly and they soon put their weapons in a neat pile by the entrance. That did not stop them from giving him odd looks and murmuring to each other as they sat around the fire.
“So, it was okay?”
“No. Not after what you’ve been through. But remember, everything we offered still stands.”
Steve quickly finished wiping down the counter and threw the damp rag on his shoulder. “I’d like to talk to him before I dole out anything.”
Peter pouted. “Dad.”
“I’ve heard not a lot of people like medication,” Ned added. “How is it working for you? Is that okay to ask?”
“What about when I’m not his student anymore?” Peter asked. “Would you revisit it then?”
Later that evening, both of them coughed up one single red rose.
“Is that new?” he asked, indicating to the necklace.
“So, there aren’t any alphas that have caught your eye?”
“What … trouble?” Antonius asked.
And he could have sworn Rhodey forgot about this! It was just a crush!
It would … it would be nice to get to know Steve better, outside of the coffee shop. See movies, have takeout, wander around and people watch. Find out what he did when he wasn’t being a geek over classic sci-fi or running a coffee shop. Learn what inside jokes he and Bucky had, hear more stories about his other friends and family. He wanted to be able to share all those things with Steve too. See where they differed or didn’t mesh well or how well they could get along.
That made Tony laugh, a twisted little bit of warmth forming in his chest.
“Gentlemen?” the principal said politely, coming out of their office. “If you would follow me back here please? Your children are back here as well.”
“You remind me of the babe,” Natasha said with a smirk as she walked past his table.
Sam and Bucky were giving him identical looks when he finally turned around, after the door had closed and Steve was no longer in view. He probably had a neon sign above his head.
God, he’d lose—
There would not be silence for long, Steve knew. Silence meant Tony was thinking and Tony tended to put his thoughts into action sooner than later.
Peter knew that if he ever needed help, he could call Tony. It didn’t matter where he was or what happened, he would come for him. He would do whatever it took to make things okay again. But then it circled back to the fact that Peter wouldn’t. He would duck his head, avoid someone in the hallways, and insist he was fine. He would try to ignore the problem until it went away or would figure out some ingenious, clever solution.
Tony grabbed him by his arm and practically dragged him to his penthouse, telling JARVIS to clear his schedule and inform Pepper the moment they passed into Stark Tower.
“Hey there, sleepy head,” Tony said warmly.
God, he was glad he had some time before his first meeting.
Steve then surprised him by leaning forward, baring his throat. Tony’s heart skipped a beat, but he leaned forward the rest of the way and nuzzled him, breathing in deep. Despite what Natasha said, he still smelled like summertime warmth and oranges.
“What—no—wait—!”
Tonight was a fancy date, though. Just to mix things up. He loved movie nights, taking walks in the park, finding hole-in-the-wall restaurants to try out, and everything else that they had come up with to spend time together outside of work and their other obligations.
“Like I said, only the best.”
“Hey, these are classics,” Tony defended, spotting H. G. Wells, Jules Verne, and the first few volumes of the
Chaos erupted.
, I mean it—I am tossing his butt in jail and he won’t ever see the light of day again.”
“I know I’ve sunk pretty low, but this needs to be done,” Steve whispered as they went down the long tower stairs and into the main corridor of the western side of the castle. Everything was deserted, men leaving their posts to fight the main battle that should now be in the throne room. He once knew this castle like the back of his hand, but even though he still knew the layout and recognized every brick and archway, it felt completely foreign to him.
“I know about Thompson,” Mr. Rogers told Peter. “I’ll be addressing that Monday morning with his parents. His behavior towards others is inappropriate and needs to stop. But we are focusing on you and your needs for now, okay?”
When the classroom door closed, Peter pressed himself up against the hallway wall, avoiding a heavily decorated bulletin board.
Tony hummed and twirled the wrench in between his fingers, considering it.
Steve grinned and nudged him with his elbow, giving him a sly grin he had seen on everyone else’s face all week. The one that included the waggling of eyebrows and unspoken suspicions of romance and goo-goo eyes and lovey-dovey stuff. Not that he understood why they were doing it, but if they couldn’t take what they were giving, oh well.
“Ton—”
He took him in and gave him a home.
“But it would be amazing! I could program it to—”
“I don’t know!”
“Actus! Peperi!”
Tony nodded. “Yeah. Maybe. I have to be careful with this.”
“Sure, it’s my turn for movie night anyways.”
Human being to human being.
“So … I have a secret too,” he started.
Dear ol’ dad never liked it when he did that, but information learned could never be taken away. When he passed, Tony made sure to read over everything and put it behind better locks. He might not have the experience that SHIELD agents did—let alone Captain Freakin’ America—but he liked to think he wasn’t a damsel in distress either.
“You are correct in that magic is the source of this change, but if I were to accelerate this spell, it would cause physical harm to you. It would be better to let it run its course.”
If he knew his creation, which he did, he likely was already in their systems.
“Clint!”
He could not describe the weight that had been lifted off his shoulders. He thought he had angered the gods by doing too much, for reaching too far with his tools and projects. He thought that in going into their caves, he had incurred their wrath and so, they removed him from all he knew and loved, leaving their mark in a way that could not be ignored. He thought that he was doomed to never know what happened to his friends, those he cared for, even as he started to build a life here. The shadows of what he had done would always mar any life he might have.
Tony thought immediately of Aunt Peggy.
“Seriously?” Captain America asked. “You guys finished developing that tech?”
“Man, he’s got it bad for you,” Rhodey said.
The voice echoed inside his mind and he knew then this was the work of the gods.
Tony put down his cheeseburger.
“It is being repaired by the librarians,” Mr. Rogers said. “I was able to locate it in the hallway after the fight was broken up and they were brought to the front office.”
He saved that for later, when he was safe in his workshop again.
No. No, he had to be dreaming.
Natasha allowed herself a small, satisfied smile as she drew out her knives.
?” he asked.
, but he recognized it as
Then the robot started to make a strange sound.
Ah, clarification. Yeah, that was something Tony was working on, but thank god Peter liked to ask questions. “If he touches you, like hits you or pushes you into a locker, or takes your stuff, anything like that. Words can hurt, but you can develop a thick enough skin. The moment he does anything else, I’ll—”
Their professor stopped her lecture mid-sentence. “Is there anything you’d like to add to the discussion?”
“I wasn’t expecting that,” Peter said quietly. “I-I mean, I guess it makes sense … I’ve heard a bit about ADHD. On the internet.”
“Thank you,” Tony said quietly.
Seemed like this was a ‘happening’ part of the classroom.
So many people judged him on his looks. Tony knew that no matter how hard he punched or how many times he said he ran every morning to improve his health, Steve felt that judgement keenly. He would see ads and movies and never, ever see himself, except for when someone was being used as the butt of a joke or some cardboard stereotype. It pissed Tony off that so many aspects of their society was still twisted and manipulative like that, but they had a literal medical disease that made people suffer unless they had open, honest communication with loved ones.
Tony gaped and made protesting noises. “I was going to ask you at the coffee shop! But then you had to go and say you were hacking up spores!
Could anyone?
They all were trying to assure Stiofán and Buk that it would be alright, but as Shem’el explained in a more colorful way, they were stupid.
He followed the scent of coffee, sugar, and motor oil. It was a strange combination of scents, but he would recognize what Tony smelled like anywhere. He also got another strange scent—something acidic. Not like lemons, but … He couldn’t place it.
“I remember floppy disks.”
“Sure. I got lots of Disney.”
“Yes,” Steve replied. “After I look at pictures of you as a squirrel.”
“Sorry, was that too much?” Tony asked, quickly backpedaling. “Oh. It was. I’m—”
“Yeah, I’m fine,” he replied, shoving some more of his sandwich into his mouth. That morning’s coughing fit left him exhausted and starving, because it made him skip breakfast.
Peter started laughing harder.
“But you’ve got some time and you can fix them? Or collaborate with someone to do so?”
“Did you hear anything we said outside your door?” he asked. “All of us are still here.”
“You’re fine, you didn’t do anything wrong,” Steve said, reaching out and taking his hand. His smile was sincere and so was the look in his eyes. “Just eat.”
“Tony?” Steve whispered, concerned.
Tony laughed and headed down to a nearby diner that had good burgers. He was so thankful for New York being so compact and close together. If he wanted cuisine from one end of the world or another, all he had to do was go a few blocks. If he wanted culture going back thousands of years, he and everyone else were spoiled for choice. That there were so many places that were free for people to go to and enjoy gladdened his heart even more so.
A little over a year ago, he had gotten into an argument with a spitfire over who was better—Picasso or Monet—at a random museum trip to clear his head.
Then Captain America put his arm out, stopping him from turning a corner.
But, as a therapist once told him, he had to take one problem at a time.
The man pulled a chair over and sat down, giving him a … yeah. A sad smile.
“You little shit!”
“Unless it’s Natasha messing with us.”
“You think he’s making bad decisions out there?”
“It was nothing,” he said easily.
Bruce jumped. “You can talk.”
He was clearly unexpected, if not unwelcomed.
“So, dinner and a movie?” Steve asked, looking anywhere but at him.
“I will bake you a cake if you stop this right now.”
Tony felt a pang of regret. “I’m sorry.”
“So, did you think about what color you wanted?”
“You sure?” Tony asked.
“Steve,” he whispered. “These aren’t spores.”
“What?” Steve asked, confused and annoyed all at once.
In the end, Tony decided to stay away. How could he meet someone he admired and resented at the same time? How could he not say something that would get him punched? Or possibly escorted out of the not-so-secret building they had their meetings?
Tony gave him one last kiss and let them settle down again, lest his asthma acted up again.
He took off his apron and Natasha seamlessly took over the register.
“Can we cuddle?” Steve asked.
“No!”
The man started to hush him gently, his hands cradling his face.
“Maybe. Love is complicated.”
In the echoing silence, Tony heard someone’s footsteps approach the closet before pausing right in front of it. He held his breath, looking at their shadows on the floor. The supply closet was small and cramped, stuffed with all sorts of things. He took a few steps back. His hand came across something cold and metal. It wasn’t attached to anything. The door slowly opened.
The music got dramatic all of the sudden. He and Steve looked back to see a shadow of Moriarty growing along the wall of a staircase until he appears in Sherlock’s parlor room, where Sherlock was slowly inching his way to a corner, a gun already drawn.
“Hey, Thor, how are you—”
The average human could jump about ten feet, if they had enough strength in their legs and a good running start. He would need about sixty feet if he wanted to make it and … yeah, that was not a possibility. It would be a huge risk, one he didn’t think he could make. Looking to the walls, he tried to figure out if there was some way he could climb over to them, but …
Captain America was shaking his head, but it looked like he was trying to hold back a laugh. Okay. They were used to this. Gun fights and war zones and killings. He had to remember that they literally came out of fighting a war that changed history. This was normal for them.
“No way.”
Damn, was he blushing? It felt like it. He was blushing.
“So, what happened to stealth?” Bucky asked, out of breath as men laid at their feet.
. “And?”
started singing.
When they told their friends the good news, somehow, Clint pulled bottles of champagne out of nowhere and Pepper had glasses on hand. In the background, Natasha and Bucky exchanged money, but it was Bruce of all people who came away richer that night.
“Uh, let me check,” he said, backing away from the edge a bit more.
that would interfere with him coming in around eight-thirty every morning ever again,
“So?”
Antonius had not wanted to go into the caves.
Steve laughed and pushed down the swell of fondness rising in his chest. Of all his friends, Tony had to be the most ridiculous, and that was saying something. He adored him though, even if he could be intense sometimes. It took a while, but like everyone else in their group, he learned how to enjoy the ride he was dragged along. The day where they lost track of time in the MET discussing art and politics throughout the different time periods, even dipping into Ancient Egypt for a bit there, was still one of his best memories.
He shook his head. In the car ride back home, his thoughts had gone in a million directions, dozens of them conflicting. A therapist would have a field day with him.
Tony laughed, throwing his head back and revealing that neck Steve wanted to bury his face in. Preferably at home. In bed. With no one else around.
Tony was grateful that they were in a meeting room and not some sort of interrogation room. The bland beige walls and even blander impressionistic paintings were just what he needed to see after everything that happened in Dallas. He had yet to see the news, but he would eventually. When he could get his heart to calm down and he stopped being so jumpy.
And his smile. His eyes thin and his lips spread and it feels like all of the warmth in the world is in your chest and your face. He would grin and you would think “I would do anything to make you look at me like that.”
“Little did she know,” Tony continues, “I have a good deal more stamina than she. She held out, I’ll give her that, but with the drinks in our system, she was out after half an hour of dancing. Passed out right on the dance floor. Slept like a truck in the limo back.”
Early on in his deployment, before the Invaders had formed and Bucky was just an annoying kid in his barracks, he had seen Penny Serenade on his own. He had dreams about Cary Grant for weeks. Irene Dunne was beautiful too, and seeing them together was something else, but he couldn’t get Grant’s face out of his mind. His strong chin, his sharp nose, his cheekbones, his beautiful eyes.
“But I’ll never regret loving him. I’ll regret fighting him, pushing him, or not taking care of him.” He feels Tony stir in his hands, hears his breath and sees the blinking of his eyes, but his thoughts have not caught up yet.
But then Tony moans, makes a tiny thrust with his hips into Steve’s hand, dragging that soft-smooth-warm skin along his fingers, and gasps wetly. Steve tightens his grip reflexively, though he’s not sure exactly how to make it feel good for Tony. Tony’s dick looks like Arnie’s, though Steve only ever caught glimpses of it in the showers at their school; a section of lighter skin towards the end, tapering up to the underside of the cockhead. No foreskin at all, so Steve isn’t sure if the strategies he uses on himself will work.
But instead of going down on him immediately, Tony just lets his hand glide back up. He takes more long, slow pumps, kissing Steve’s inner thigh and massaging Steve’s ass, and it feels amazing. He didn’t know it could feel like this.
And sometimes to touch her -
Tony’s voice was barely a whisper. “I thought so many times about ending it. In my worst fantasies, the ones I tried not to let myself imagine, you would come to the funeral. You would cry. You would finally… you would finally…” he breathed for a long, slow moment. “You would finally feel something like what I felt for you. I only survived because Carol was there and she was too stubborn to let me die. I would have done it, I wanted to. I didn’t - not by my own hand, I didn’t want you to think less of me. But in battle, protecting someone. I thought,
He’s not sure he will, but he clutches the paper it’s written on to his chest like a lifeline anyway.
“But…”
But now it’s not just Mr. Stark’s face he gets to moon over. Sometimes Mr. Stark - call me Tony, he said to Steve, and Steve couldn’t quite bring himself to do it - takes off his form fitting suit jacket and Steve can see his arms, his shoulders, his chest and his back. Steve can see the powerful shape of his thighs and the curve of his ass. It is overwhelming. And, if Steve was really lucky, Mr. Stark might roll up his sleeves and bare his forearms to the world.
He’s thought about this a lot, about how this might go, but his thoughts haven’t even reached the moon’s periapsis yet and so he lets himself focus on the sensation of it.
Steve hates gifts more than anything. Giving them is frightening, the knowledge that your efforts - more importantly, your money - could be wasted on disappointment. Receiving them… receiving them is a hell not worth contemplating.
Steve’s hands are back, pushing him down, spreading across his chest. “Shhh,” Steve says, “rest.” He sounds fond; Tony hasn’t heard him use that tone of voice in years. Not with Tony, anyway.
“Was it good? Did you enjoy yourself?” He has the warm indulgent smile that Steve loves to see on his face.
“I thought, maybe if I was good for him, he would love
Captain Universe doesn’t interrupt, and he’s grateful. Was this part of her plan for him? Is she waiting for the right moment to strike? Are these the words she wants to hear?
Tony had found receipts on Steve’s card for pregnancy tests during the war, during a period Tony has no memory of. He’s found appointments to doctors who specialize in fertility treatments.
“Why? Because you’re so big?” Steve shakes his head. “Uncut?”
If Sharon weren’t here, Tony isn’t sure that he would be strong enough not to enjoy it. That he wouldn’t succumb to the illusion just for the sake of being able to have
If you want something to last, you have to build it with your hands. A gift will always be a mercy, but that means relying on people who will leave you, or hurt you, or die. But a job, a house, someone to care for? These are things they cannot so easily take away from you.
Steve didn’t know what to say, so he took out a disinfectant wipe from the kit and cleaned the area of the wound.
When he wakes, it’s to large hands on his shoulders. Hands he’s dreamed about countless times. Tony wonders if he’s dreaming now.
But Tony doesn’t get what he wants. Tony doesn’t get what he wants, no matter how badly he wants it. He especially doesn’t get Steve.
“Yeah. Thanks Tony,” he tries to keep the resignation out of his voice, keep it soft and neutral.
Tony feels like Sharon doesn’t understand what she’s doing to him. If telling him wasn’t supposed to be a punishment, he has no idea what this is.
“It’s not - I feel good. I feel really good. I just - you’re, um, ‘out of my league’? I think is what Rick calls it, anyway. It’s not - I mean, not that you have to be - but, I know you could have much more experienced people, if you wanted. Smarter, too. Who wouldn’t,” he gestures down at his pants.
He glosses over the testator and executor, looking only down at the disposition of property.
Steve gave Jen and Robbie a sharp look, and Jen - thankfully understanding him - grabbed Robbie by the arm and dragged him away.
“I said it because I meant it. You kept me alive. You got me out of there. It doesn’t have to be like - like what
He may have wanted Steve for most of his life, since before he even met the guy - may even want Steve now, despite
Tony simultaneously needs to leave and to never move again. He feels it so viciously, so violently within himself, that desire to die. He’s fucked up too much, destroyed too much good in the world. He can’t come back from this.
Tony looks confused. “It’s not a big deal, Steve. I know you loved your old motorcycle, during the war, I just wanted to give you something like it. It’s been six months - I thought, maybe, I could give you something…”
“Why don’t we go out?” Mr. Stark is saying, and Steve can’t process those words.
Steve allows himself to look at Tony, uninterrupted by fear or shame. He is gorgeous, somehow even better in the whole than the parts that compose him. He is a blur of motion settled into skin and Steve never wants to stop trying to capture Tony with his eyes.
“Do you have any lube?” Tony asks, pulling up from Steve’s dick, and Steve feels dumbfounded.
After an hour of trying to draw the Iron Man armor and failing, he gives in and opens to a blank page. He sketches in fits, anxiously watching the door in case anyone came in and caught him. Not that they would be able to see, but somehow that thought didn’t reassure Steve much.
“Tony would tell you that everything he touches withers, but that’s only because he can’t see what joy he’s given us. Given me.
“I…” Steve began, but he didn’t know how to pull his thoughts from where they jumbled in his mind. So afraid to fuck this up.
Iron Man barks out a laugh. “Yeah. Yup. Sure have.”
Not that he is Captain America tonight. Tonight he’s just Steve, here with just Tony, having a friendly dinner.
Right. What Tony came here for. “You - you said you loved me, when it - when
“Why not make those things instead, then?” Steve asks.
“I do feel safe. But you’re right, I shouldn’t be acting like we could run out of food at any moment.” He ducks his head. “Sorry.”
He lets Steve pull him into a kiss.
“You speak French?” Tony asks.
His brain doesn’t have the room to try to parse through the face Tony is making, besides that it’s as beautiful as all of the faces Tony makes.
“Sharon…”
Steve finds he kind of likes it when Tony growls, but at this moment it’s more upsetting than pleasant. Jerking back to reality, Steve stands up from the table. “Why don’t I meet you back at the mansion. Give you some time to figure out what you want to say to me without losing your cool.”
“You don’t want to work with the military anymore?” Steve asks, surprised, a little affronted.
When he wakes next, it’s to voices. Steve, he would recognize anywhere. A woman, older, cold and distant. Tony tries to sit up, needs a sitrep, needs to move his fingers, needs to do anything but be trapped on a bed.
Iron Man is sitting in his usual armchair, legs kicked up on an ottoman, reading a book Steve doesn’t recognize. He closes it with a snap and sets it down on the table next to him.
Is Iron Man jealous? Is that why his reaction is so outsized? Steve hopes not - his relationship with Iron Man is comfortably platonic, and losing their connection if he and Iron Man ever dated and broke up would be far more devastating than never seeing Tony again.
Steve shakes his head, slowly, though he’s pretty sure he has a good idea what they are for.
“I thought maybe if I wasn’t around you, it would be easier for the both of us. You would forget about me, and I would… stop feeling the way I do about you. It sounds like both of those things were misjudgments on my part. I’m sorry that I made you feel like that - if I had known, I would have held you close even if it meant I got hurt.
“I love your laugh so much,” Tony said, voice full of… something. Wonder that he could say this? Joy? “You look so beautiful and unguarded. Sometimes, back when I wasn’t afraid of pissing you off, I would play pranks on the other Avengers during team meetings in the hope that I could make you laugh. I recorded it once, somehow, and I sometimes play it when I feel like I can’t do anything, because it helps me hope that one day I’ll get to make you laugh like that again.”
Sharon waits for him to speak.
Steve turns back and looks down at the paper again.
When they pull apart, Tony’s eyes are glazed with pleasure and he looks like he’s about to pull Steve apart with his teeth.
Tony tries to crack an eyelid, tries to see, but Steve just leans down and… kisses him. On the mouth.
“I can’t… I can’t…” she says, face carefully blank but voice wretched. “I can’t look at them every day and see
Steve has no idea what to do when Tony just repeats what he says back at him. “Yeah?” He’s having a hard time keeping his thoughts away from what Tony’s mouth looks like hanging open, and it makes him feel slow and stupid.
Like he’s stuck seventy years displaced, and every shape and shadow has moved on without him.
Bucky and Toro didn’t mind that he was over the moon for certain male actors. They didn’t seem to take his infatuation as seriously as Steve did.
Tony is numb. Usually he feels everything too much, too intensely, but somehow his brain must be broken, because he’s sitting here on the floor and he’s certain he might never feel again.
Steve’s eyes were swimming, pulling the bandage in and out of focus.
“He’s going to want…”
She nods. “He’s never been good with… he doesn’t understand. He thinks he can have the two people he loves most. He doesn’t see…”
Iron Man is right. Paul Newman isn’t his type, but the man is handsome. He can’t stop looking at Elizabeth Taylor, though, and Iron Man catches on quick.
“Aww, thanks Tony, but it’s really no big deal. I’m sure you must know a bunch of languages, genius like yourself.”
“How are you doing, Cap?”
“Well, nice to ‘meet’ you, Steve,” Tony says, pulling a hand from his pocket and reaching out to shake. It’s calloused, which Steve wasn’t expecting. As he pulls back, he tries his best not to cradle the hand to his chest.
“But never loving him. No matter what happens, never loving him.”
“You are life, and he is death.”
There’s something about seeing her that fills Tony with dread. She knows exactly what he did, what he had to do to survive. She watched him, lips wrapped around Hydra Supreme’s cock, as he imagined it was Steve’s cock. There’s no way she knows, she can’t possibly, but something about the idea eats away at Tony. He can’t see her because he’s afraid of himself and how he’ll react.
“I thought - I know what you said, about building stuff with your own hands. I thought maybe, rather than me giving this to you, that we could… we could build it together?” Tony’s voice is bright with hope.
“I just wanted to say that I don’t think any less of you, just because we didn’t see eye to eye. I don’t respect you less when we disagree, is all.”
Tony catches him later that evening, as Steve is heading to the library to do more sketching. “Hey, Steve! Just wondering if you wanted to go grab dinner? I’m starving.” He looks hesitant, almost nervous, and Steve hopes it isn’t because they got a little het up in their last conversation.
“It’s - I’ll be fine, Tony.”
But you can shrug those words off, if you’re careful. You can’t shrug off the lessons it teaches you. “Everything is ephemeral,” and “you never know when disaster will strike,” and “everyone leaves.”
“Even if it will save American lives?” Steve asks hotly.
Steve stood, suddenly, and walked over to the stinger of the doombot that punctured Tony’s armor. He didn’t know what he was doing, or maybe he did, when he brought it back and kneeled in front of Tony. He took a finger and pricked it on the stinger, feeling the same falling of walls and doors in his mind that Tony must have.
Steve didn’t see anything in the news, but he supposes they might be the kinds of things that don’t get shared with reporters.
But he can’t. He can’t think about those things. That’s not what Tony wants, could ever want, so he’s better off keeping those fantasies far away from Tony.
At least Tony doesn’t stop talking to him after what must have been a truly disastrous dinner. In fact, he seems even more determined to be around Steve, inviting him down to the workshop or offering to watch films with him.
All of it can be taken away by another’s whim. All of it can be gone in a moment.
making Tony act like this, that it’s
He pulls out a small bottle from his pants pocket and squirts out lube onto his fingers. Steve doesn’t have time to react before Tony is carefully spreading it over the head of his dick and onto the foreskin. It’s cooler than he was expecting, but it feels amazing against the heat of his cock.
“I just wanted to clarify - me and Tony are seeing each other right now.”
expected. In his drawing, he left it as vaguely egg-shaped like the ones he looked up online - certainly not as long and phallic as the thing still buzzing in his hand.
Steve slides up Tony, not wanting to break contact but wanting to reach his lips. He feels Tony’s semen through his t-shirt where he rubs the damp patches on Tony’s fancy shirt. And then he’s kissing Tony, falling into a rhythm they’ve already established over the last week, panting open mouthed into Tony’s lips, rutting his tongue against Tony’s and swirling it through Tony’s mouth. When he breaks the kiss and pulls away, Tony’s gaze is unfocused and his breaths are heavy.
Steve was none of that. Steve wasn’t an idiot, but he couldn’t hold a candle to Mr. Stark’s genius. He was too loud, too blunt, and too stupidly earnest. He would never be anything that Mr. Stark could want.
You can only cherish that which cannot be taken away from you. Only the things that you work for, strive for, yourself can be trusted. There is no gilt lily on this earth sweeter than the knowledge that you are free.
Jan motions for the chair by her desk, before sinking down onto the bed.
Iron Man nods, but Steve isn’t sure that he understands. He forges on anyway.
Their noses bump and their teeth clack together and it’s awkward and a little desperate, but once Tony has his knees under him and isn’t clinging on to him for dear life, he smiles at Steve. And Steve smiles back.
Tony sighs, pushing himself up from the couch, sweat dripping down his forehead. “That’s really - really not how I’d hoped that would go.”
“It’s cool, I have some, just wanted to save it in case we got up to something more,” Tony pauses, smirking, “penetrative.”
Steve sits down hard on the cot, ruefully thankful for its presence. “Sorry I was so fast… I haven’t, uh. That was my first…”
He meets Tony out front, jogging down the steps in new clothes - a simple pale blue button down and dark slacks - and Tony looks a little surprised to see him, as if he thought Steve might have run off. Steve frowns to himself; he doesn’t like that Tony is so hesitant just because Steve disagreed with him. He hates feeling like people don’t feel comfortable pushing back on what he says just because he’s Captain America.
“Oh! Have you ever had Korean food?” Tony says, but keeps talking before Steve has the chance to say anything. “There’s a lovely little Korean Barbecue place I’d like to show you. I think you’ll enjoy it.” He smiles at Steve and winks, and Steve can feel all of the blood in his body rush to his face and his dick.
Tony waits.
“Is what all it takes?”
He sees him in a ratty long sleeved shirt one night, coming up from the basement workshop. Asking where Jarvis is. Steve splutters for a few seconds, trips over his own words, before lamely saying he hasn’t seen him.
Steve can’t seem to stop his mouth from running. “I mean, I get it, maybe you feel bad, or want to keep me on the team - ah, I mean, I promise I won’t leave even if you do pick someone better than me, or worse than me, not that you should - you deserve the best.”
Steve blushes a little bit, and looks away. “You gonna make fun of me for lookin’?”
“I’ve faced death so many times,” he laughs, his voice lighter than he feels like it should be. “But death never stopped me. It sure as hell never stopped Tony. I think death is a transformation, not a stopping point. Even when we all will cease to be, something else will replace us, if we let it.
“Never better. You look… you look great,” Steve says, trying to mimic the low and sultry tone Tony used to push his buttons.
made Tony look like that. It doesn’t - it’s not like it means anything. But Steve can’t help but smile.
Mr. Stark uncomfortable. He’s sure that they would be - Iron Man has never talked to Steve about people he is interested in, and Steve doesn’t exactly have anything to offer Mr. Stark.
“Sure, I might say that too if I were pissed at him.” Steve tries to think of a time in recent memory when he hasn’t been pissed at Tony. Back when they were making the Avenger’s Machine, spoke by spoke, and it felt like maybe hope was something he could hold in his hands.
It’s easier to build yourself a life where you don’t need to rely on mercies.
Steve laughs. “Of course I love him. How could I do anything but love Tony Stark.”
He holds Tony’s hand in his, and Tony seems to come back down from wherever he was looking. Like he’s focused the spotlight of his attention on Steve, instead of whatever peril he thought faced them in the future.
He meets Tony in the lobby of the Stark offices, 1:00 pm sharp, hoping his clothes are okay. He doesn’t have much, didn’t have much even before the war, but Jan has been so kind about helping him get clothes. She doesn’t even ask why, when he tells her he wants to look nice for someone. Just smiles at him wanly.
Steve decides that he loves Tony’s laugh. Sometimes it’s a huff, just a small puff of air from his nose. Sometimes it’s surprised, when he doesn’t expect Steve to be sarcastic or dry, and it comes from his throat and it sounds like a bark, like even he wasn’t expecting to make it.
“When your eyes are looking so far ahead and so far away, you get lost in the place that you haven’t reached yet.” Steve is surprised at his own words. Is this him speaking, or Captain Universe pulling these thoughts out of him?
Steve tentatively put his hand on Tony’s gauntlet, and laughed when Tony began struggling to quickly remove the thing. He threaded his fingers through Tony’s and looked up at him. “I think we need to take this slow. I think we need counseling before either of us is ready to try dating. But I… I really want to. I’ve wanted to since I first met you.” He reached up to push a stray strand of black hair from Tony’s forehead. “Sorry, that’s been bothering me this whole time but I didn’t want to interrupt you. I love listening to your voice,” Steve said, filters off, before frowning to himself. “I can see why this was so distressing for you.”
“We were wondering,” Rhodey laughed. “You two pine like no one’s business.”
“A nap sounds like a good idea,” Steve managed to say around another yawn.
“Hey,” he said quietly, going over to the kitchen. He still felt a little woozy, but it looked like he hadn’t done anything worse than thoroughly embarrass himself and impose on Steve and his friends. He was still greeted by smiles from everyone.
“I thought, initially, ‘it’s only dinner’,” he explained.
Like he knew him, but that was impossible.
One fire alarm later and he was out. It was almost comical.
“You’re welcome, Tony. I’m glad I could help. Try not to worry about him too much, okay?”
“Tea can be pretentious?” Tony asked in disbelief. Aunt Peggy taught him that there was good tea and bad tea, mostly depending upon how someone made it, but tea was never
“You scare me.”
Steve looked up and was so, so glad he wasn’t blushing right then. He fiddled with his book, ultimately using his finger as a bookmark. How Tony found him and kept finding him when he didn’t want to be found, he hadn’t a clue.
It was typical, cliché, and awful.
“Ah, yes, I recall that. She is still grateful for your assistance and does not understand why she needed to take an art class whilst working on a science major.”
But then the king brought out another battalion he had hiding in the stables.
“That is just mean! Tony, I swear, he uses a flash drive like normal people,” Sam exclaimed.
Today, there were a few kids absent, which meant lab groups had to be shuffled around, and Flash ended up in his. He had hoped that MJ’s proximity alone would deter Flash from bullying him, but … apparently Flash was braver than him or Ned. He bumped into him, rolled his pens off of the table, and almost spilled a beaker of water on his notebook. Peter shrugged it all off, more concerned with getting his observations written down than whatever Flash said or did.
“Not as quietly as they would have liked,” Coulson said. “But they are out and Natasha’s team is providing to be quite the distraction.”
“Tony, what is that?”
Pepper was in the penthouse waiting for Tony and Peter to come back home, wanting to see how he was herself. Fights were not unheard of, or even uncommon, in school, but Peter was like the nephew she never had. She wanted to hug him and send an army of lawyers after whoever thought it would be a wise idea to go after him in any way. She wanted them to rue the day they thought they could hurt Peter and reassure him he would always be protected.
Steve smiled, brighter than the sun as always, but Tony saw the sharpness in his eyes. “Great! I hope you like bran, I made them
He still wished that Steve would accept his help, but he was so … stubborn.
“Sir, do you think this is wise?” JARVIS asked.
“I know,” Steve whispered conspiringly back. “And Maslow’s Hierarchy has tons of criticisms, but it’s like she’s trying to convert us.”
Around them, some people were starting to get a little bored. There was more rustling, more murmuring. Tony munched on some popcorn and glanced over at Steve, only to have their eyes meet. In the dim light, he could feel his cheeks flush. Steve looked a little embarrassed too.
“What’s a …
He knew that Bucky was just teasing him, but he still felt his cheeks flame and something in his gut twist up a little bit. Okay, he knew it was a bit ridiculous, but—
They had welcomed Antonius with open arms, after all.
“Are you going to ask what a squirrel is?”
Steve was sitting on the edge of his mattress, his bath towel wrapped around his waist. His hair was still slightly damp and he looked absolutely miserable.
Tony gave this ‘Mr. Thompson’ a stink eye and mentally declared him an enemy right on the spot. He wasn’t sure what kind of parental figure he was, but if he produced a child such as ‘Flash’, he couldn’t have been a very good one. Sure, he might be easily lumped in the ‘bad parent’ category too, but at least he knew Peter was an exception to the ‘an apple doesn’t fall far from the tree’ rule. Peter would be so much better in spite of anything Tony did.
Steve flushed again, but … he was right.
Tony sneered. Where had this man been the last two years? Every tabloid and some news outlets reported the whole process it took Tony to adopt Peter. That he was his father should not have been a question.
Steve knew that he didn’t fit into the typical omega mold.
Tony turned the facts over and over in his head. HYDRA seemed to have a lot of fire power and agents here. From what he heard while he was ‘unconscious’, there were a lot of projects going on in this building as well. Logically, there had to be a lot of intel and resources coming and going, so why was the defense of this place so haphazard? Sure, there was that bomb and the guards with the grenades and military rifles, and heat-seeking missiles, but …
“Still in his room,” Bucky said, his fingers digging into his knees.
Steve decided he would bake Tony a pie.
Pausing only when someone came up to the counter in need of help for one thing or another, Tony filled him in on the details of his trip to California where he worked on some projects at the R&D Department of Stark Industries. Trips where he worked with one department or another were only over weekends and holidays, given the school’s strict attendance policy, but it was a better idea than throwing Tony into a CEO position when his father stepped down. At least he would be prepared and have some idea of how the company worked when that happened, as if Tony hadn’t already researched all he could about their practices and business methods.
While T’Challa wasn’t among them in the class that started most of their friendships, he easily found a place among them after becoming friends with Bucky and Tony over a love of machinery and technology.
He would never regret burning all those bombs and guns, but he would regret scaring her.
The reports of various war-torn areas becoming worse, getting taken over by new regimes forcing people into their militias made him sick to his stomach, because there was more and more evidence mounting that SI was double-dealing. Tony knew that money and power was at the heart of it all, but figuring out how to end those chains and cycles was the hard part. He couldn’t simply throw money at the problem, not when it went deeper than that.
Despite knowing the plan inside and out, dread and adrenaline ran through Steve’s veins. The room he was in was circular, completely made of stone, and hundreds of feet in the air. Guarded at all times, the sliver of a window barely allowed for any light to ever get inside. It was easily defended, hard to infiltrate. One wrong move and they could easily be cornered or fall. And in a few moments, he would be committing high treason. It was one thing to protest and encourage reform, to get into the faces of corrupt police officers and yell, but to do this—
An annoying voice commented that it wouldn’t be ‘just a crush’ if he was calling Rhodey in the middle of the night about it.
Jarvis smiled wider. “Of course, right this way.”
No. No way were they getting near there.
Because holy shit, Steve Rogers was better than Captain America.
“I’m sorry,” he continued. “I’ll stop, I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable or …”
“Are you serious?” Tony exclaimed. “Anyone who would say no to you is an idiot!”
to him and was all but going to sweep him up into his arms when he arrived.
“Engineer. With some serious deadlines, like I have nothing better to do.”
He wasn’t sure if his feelings were stemming from relief and gratitude towards Steve’s efforts to help Peter, or if because he genuinely liked the man. They had yet to interact outside of a school setting, had yet to have a conversation that wasn’t about Peter. Teaching might be his job (or maybe even his calling), but Steve was a complete person outside of being a teacher. He at least deserved someone appreciating him for all of his facets.
Some omegas were just a little on the sicklier side.
“Uh—yeah. The incomplete or missing assignments, the detentions, um. Other stuff.”
Tony could see his eyes going from the random pillows (one had the digits of pi all over it) to the posters and artwork on the wall. The posters were vintage, spanning all sorts of subjects, but the artwork all featured scenes from around New York. He had no idea who made them; they were all unsigned. Rhodey was falling in love with this place too, he just knew it.
Pepper called. Rhodey called. Bruce even managed to call once, because he was out of the country on some retreat from society again.
“Good. How did that talk with the other student go? Peter won’t say anything about being bullied—I’ve tried—but it’s like it’s a cross to bear.”
No, Steve was meant to be appreciated. Savored. Gazed upon.
“Uh, quite a few people,” Tony said.
He couldn’t help it.
“Well, here goes nothing.”
Below them, nobles were partying like there was nothing wrong. Like thousands of their vassals and countrymen weren’t starving or wasting away in dark jails for petty crimes and the slightest insults to the king. Like their enemies weren’t looming on the horizon with armies and their allies were slowly slipping away, not wanting to be associated with their kingdom. Like they hadn’t betrayed—
“From the war?”
“Sorry Mr. Stark, I didn’t mean to… my head’s just all over the place this morning.”
“Iron Man,” Steve says, knocking at the doorframe of the library.
“I don’t - I don’t want anyone but you,” Tony says simply.
It’s something else. It’s more than he can handle. His balls have been tight under his dick since Tony started this, but now they feel like they’re going to come off. His whole body tenses, jerks, and he’s coming on Tony’s mouth.
“And don’t they deserve people who are armed enough to protect them?”
Sharon doesn’t comment or react, but Tony can see recognition in her eyes. Somehow that helps; she must have had a similar reaction when Steve bought them.
Tony opens and closes his mouth - the urge to kiss him then comes unbidden to Steve and he has to clamp down on it - and then nods sullenly. “If?” he asks, looking down at his plate.
, Mr. Stark had said. This was professional. He’s interested in how Steve is doing on the team, he doesn’t… it’s not like that.
“I mean, ah,” Steve looks around for tactical exits from this situation, but Iron Man has him pinned against the chair, one gauntlet firmly resting on his left shoulder. “Yeah,” he lets out a giddy laugh. “You caught me.”
Tony turns his head to look at her, his eyes a little dazed, but when he looks back at Steve he’s squinting accusatorily. Steve laughs and combs his fingers through the hair at the base of Tony’s neck.
you think you’re out of my league. Are you kidding me? You? If anything I’m not good enough for you,” Tony says, but he’s smiling down at Steve through his lashes, no bitterness or guilt there, just affection.
Even if he weren’t the most attractive man on the planet - and Steve is certain he is - he’s so beautiful in this moment.
Tony’s not half-bad himself. He’s not as well put together as he was on their first lunch, but he looks softer. His suit jacket is a little wrinkled, probably in meetings all morning, and his tie hangs loose around his neck.
“Hey, Cap, how’s it going? Mr. Stark said you needed me?” Steve can't believe how much he missed the sound of Iron Man's artificial voice.
, handsome, elegant, incredible Tony with a vibrator up his ass doing strange things to Steve’s insides. When he looks back, Tony is still looking at him, a strangely dazed grin on his face.
“Ah, no, uh, it’s. Nah, I’ll just walk back.”
Sharon removes her fingers from his shoulder carefully, like she’s afraid sudden movement might cause Tony to explode. He doesn’t blame her.
Before the Universe can continue this play of theirs, this choreography that Steve isn’t aware of dancing, he continues.
Steve swallowed heavily.
“It’s nice… it was nice to have someone understand. Without having to explain to them. I don’t - I don’t like explaining this…” Steve waved at himself, between them, all around the room, “stuff. Thank you for listening anyway.”
Tony’s look of relief is stunning; almost blindingly gorgeous on his face. The anxiety melting away, his wide, easy smile, and the soft fondness of his eyes are almost enough to make Steve want to look away.
Steve, to say this. She doesn’t love Tony.
She’s asking him but surely she must know. Maybe this is some kind of play and she’s waiting for him to give his lines. Was this all rehearsed, without his knowing? He hates feeling like this, like there’s a great big joke he hasn’t been let in on.
If you’d have asked him what he would have done with them, he couldn’t have told you. Kiss them, maybe. Go to dinner with them, perhaps. But mostly his fantasies were nameless, formless things. The idea of Jimmy Stewart and his handsome face was more important to Steve than any specific interaction he could have with the man.
Steve put gauze to Tony’s arm and began to bandage it in place.
. His back, his legs, his arms, his face, his eyes: everything hurts. Tony has rarely had call to think of his whole body hurting; usually he can compartmentalize pain into sections and handle them individually.
“To eat.”
Steve knows objectively that he is considered attractive. He stole moments with men and women during the war, when he could, and they had never complained. But Tony Stark was something different. He would never want a man like Steve, even if he was attracted to men.
“I don’t…” the Universe begins, her voice hoarse. “I don’t want to die.”
“I don’t know. It’s the not knowing that frightens you, isn’t it?”
Tony’s eyes are so, so wide, so wide that Steve is a little worried that Tony’s sudden resuscitation might signal a heart attack, but before his thoughts come back around from the sun and reach his brain, Tony is grabbing Steve’s collar and surging up to kiss him.
Steve feels true humiliation, then, shocking his body like anger, and he turns away sharply.
“Is holding your hand all it takes to keep your head here with me, and not a million miles away?”
“Hey, Tony…” Steve began, his voice as gentle as he could make it.
Tony just grins. “Why, you been missing him?”
“That’s not - that’s not it at all,” Steve says, shaking his head.
? Why would we -“
It’s no wonder he doesn’t hesitate when asked to move into the mansion.
“Your first?” Tony gapes. “You’d never had sex before?”
“I need to eat a lot,” Steve admits, “but I have a bad habit of squirreling away food.” The words are coming out of his mouth, guilt and stutter free, and he can’t even bring himself to care. Being overfull shuts off his brain’s inhibitions, it seems.
Tony drifts back from this dream and into soft darkness.
, he mouths.
In a moment, the Universe is gone. The windows are as whole as they were when Steve and Tony stepped into the diner earlier that evening, and Tony’s body is repaired. Tony’s still straddling Steve’s thighs, a little bit dazed and a little bit annoyed.
Iron Man is a lifesaver. He listens to Steve, cares about Steve, and fights alongside Steve. Iron Man is his best friend in the future, and might be the closest he’s ever felt to anyone since Arnie. So he should be able to talk to Iron Man about his crush, he should be able to share his feelings.
When he’s done, stomach full to bursting and brain barely functioning, Tony leans forward toward him. “Enjoy yourself?” He asks, grinning.
Steve can’t stop thinking about it, though, even days later.
“It’s hard, being here. I get lonely, and scared, and sad. But being in the mansion with you and Iron Man helps. I don’t feel lonely there.”
Sharon’s face is perfectly blank when she sees him, just like Tony’s is. It’s a habit whose barbs they’ll have to carefully unhook from their skin. She leads Tony inside without touching him, without greeting, and it feels like a relief that she understands.
“What?” he asks. “Why?”
Steve meets his gaze and nods.
, he thinks to himself sternly.
“Hey there, handsome,” Steve says, and this can’t be real. It can’t. It hurts too much to be a dream, unless Tony’s brain has developed new and strange ways to torture him, but it can’t be real. “You were hurt pretty bad, but we’re taking care of you now.”
The voice of Captain Universe is deep, booming, and strangely echoing in the diner despite the shattered windows. Only the barest hint of Tamara comes through, a scared voice under 1.5 x 1053 kilograms of mass.
And all mercies have a price.
“Nor would we. Take care, and please return Tamara in one piece.”
Of course, Steve doesn’t actually have to do anything at all for his life to turn upside down. Mr. Stark sees to that.
And then they must be close enough for Steve to notice that Tony is awake, because there is the sound of movement and then a hand on Tony’s forehead. It’s cool, which would normally feel nice on fevered skin, but it’s unbearable on Tony’s. His eyes flicker open for a moment and the sight of Steve smiling down at him hurts almost as much as the hand on his forehead.
“What will happen to you when you die, Steven Rogers.”
“Illuminate my ignorance, Steven Rogers.”
“Oh, I’m, uh… I’m not a very picky eater. I like all kinds of things.”
He misses Tamara, he thinks dimly, like his thoughts are traveling at light speed from the sun. That comparison is probably more what Tony would be making right now. Eight minutes per leg of the journey, he’d read in one of the sci fi books Tony used to love lending him.
- hoping it obscures his gaze even slightly.
“You took him off the painkillers?” the woman asks, voice full of concern. Her tone is clipped, like she’s holding herself back. Tony usually associates that tone with people being pissed at him but not wanting to say it outright, but most of the women in his life don’t struggle to communicate their anger with him. Who is this person?
Jarvis is spreading food on the table before either of them can think of what to say to continue the conversation.
When Tony slides the paper over to Steve, he tries to read the face Tony gives him, the face he lets Steve see.
“You like what you see?” Tony asks, grinning at Steve.
Tony nods. “Thank you, Sharon.” He touches a finger to her shoulder, barely there, and she looks up quickly, meeting his gaze not in fear or disgust but surprise. Maybe even gratitude.
“You won’t - is it really that horrible?” Tony’s voice is so soft, now, so feather soft that Steve is afraid he might lose it. “Am I - are the things I want to give you really that bad?”
“It’s a toy, for stimulation. You turn it on and rub it on yourself and it feels real nice.” Jan says, as if that is a perfectly normal thing to talk about.
“Might have feelings for him?” Jan asks, raising an eyebrow and smiling gently.
When he looks down at the paper, reads it once, and then twice, and comprehension dawning only on the third, he gasps aloud.
Steve’s brain completely shorts out, and he can’t explain his concern before Tony has his hand on Steve’s dick and his tongue on Steve’s shaft.
Tony thought he had ‘world’s guiltiest man’ on lock, but something in Sharon’s gaze makes him rethink that. She said his guilt complex was a mile wide, but somehow he has to wonder how big hers is.
“Happiness isn’t something you can give, Tony,” Steve says, his voice tired and sad.
Steve has to hold back the bitter laugh that ripples out from his stomach.
“Do you
It’s heady in his mind, the image of Tony holding something, flicking a switch, the air filled with a low humming, and rubbing it on his - it’s almost too filthy to contemplate. He licks his lips, desperate for some moisture. “So, what, you try to see how long you can last?” He asks, trying to sound more confident than he feels.
“I… just… just let me see them once or twice a year.”
Iron Man makes a choking sound. “Ah, fuck. I’m sorry. It was a lot to process at first, and then I got busy - we had a bunch of disturbances at our factories.”
“We don’t - if you’re busy -“
Tony can’t help the little sob that escapes his throat when she says that.
Steve sinks into his chair, elbows on his knees, gaze locked on the carpet beneath his boots.
“But it’s never been too much with Tony. Even when I was mad at him, it was never too much. I never stopped wanting him, wanting to be with him. Wanting him to know how wonderful he is.
“I made it myself. You’ll definitely impress them, wearing a Van Dyne piece, and it’s free advertisement for me.” Steve doesn’t really feel like it evens out, but he’s kind of afraid of Jan when she’s talking about clothes, more so than when she’s flying through the air and shooting bio-blasts at the bad guys.
So, of course, he goes to the one person who knows Tony Stark better than he does.
Tony smiles. “It’s a good thought, Rogers. You’ve got a smart head on those shoulders.”
And then Tony is tonguing his foreskin. He stops thinking entirely, stops moving, stops breathing.
“Sure thing, Tony,” Steve says, before leaning in to kiss his cheek.
“Sorry,” Tony says, though he’s not sure what for: for bringing it up; for reminding her of that time; for being here at all; or for managing to survive.
Steve pushes Tony’s cheeks apart and gently, ever so gently, eases the toy out of his ass. With each pull Tony writhes against the leather of the couch, gasping Steve’s name like a plea.
Steve rushes to his side, kneeling down in front of the couch. “What can I - are you - how,” he stammers, hovering his hands over Tony, not sure if he’s allowed to touch.
“To eat. Yeah.”
“If what?”
He sits next to Steve, and the car is spacious, but Steve thinks this must be the first time Tony has ever sat next to him. Steve feels intensely aware of the space between them. He keeps his hands folded on his lap, afraid that if he lets them go they’ll move on their own accord and embarrass him. Plus he needs to hide how hard he got when Tony winked at him.
Or at least, that’s the effect it has on Steve. He has to carefully control himself when he talks to Mr. Stark, to keep a dopey smile off his face. Bucky used to tease him about the way he used to look at movie posters. He can only imagine how much worse it must be now.
They keep speaking, but it’s easier for Steve than before. Knowing that Tony won’t avoid hard topics for Steve’s comfort makes it easier to trust him when he talks about less contentious things.
“I’m not breaking up with you,” Steve says, sighing, trying not to let himself shout or explode or fall apart on the ground in front of Tony.
But Tony is grinning, sperm in his mustache, and shakes his head. “That was amazing. I got you off just from that? You must be the horniest man alive.” He pulls Steve over to the cot Steve has been chiding him about in the corner of the workshop and uses the blanket to wipe off his face and Steve’s still weeping dick.
Tony sighs, nods, and looks back to Steve. “That makes a lot of sense. People can be like that with me too, so starstruck over Tony Stark that they don’t actually listen to what I’m saying. I promise that I won’t do that with you, okay Steve?”
Steve shakes his head, still unbelieving.
He closes the notepad and brings it with him to the kitchen, hearing the voices of his teammates as he gets closer.
Tony doesn’t wait for Steve to freak out about his dick, however. In the span of moments it takes for Steve to begin his thoughts, Tony is choking out, “tighter, a little tighter babe,” and when Steve tightens his grip, “yeah, just like that, perfect, you’re so perfect for me, now just - just jerk it down and up, yeah, god you’re so good, a little slower at first, okay? I’ll tell you when to speed up, don’t want to come all over you and the tux quite yet, huh?”
He misses Tony more than Tamara, but he would never admit it to himself. In the space between his thoughts, though, he can feel it. The ache in his chest. Tony’s shoulders in his hands, his blood on the floor.
The food is amazing. The warm spices and thick sauces coat Steve’s tongue. Tony orders his food spicy and offers to let Steve try it, and it’s amazing. The spiciest thing Steve ate before the war was horseradish. The way the pain heats him, mixes with the spices and the flavors and makes it all burn, it’s delightful. He tells Tony as such and Tony smiles at him again, like the other smile, pleased and content, and Steve notes exactly what he has to do to make Tony look like that.
“I l - I care about him so much. So much it hurts, sometimes. But I can’t - I don’t want to delude myself into thinking everything can last forever. And I don’t want to kindle something false in myself, like the idea that charity is more than pity, or that a gift can ever last.”
“Winghead, why on earth would I be uncomfortable about you and m - Mr. Stark dating? I’m happy for you! Congratulations.”
“Bigger guns, better bombs: that’s not something that is going to make these people safer. And the military isn’t there to protect them - statistically they’re just as likely to be killed by American guns as by terrorist ones. They need infrastructure, education, medical care; stuff that guns and soldiers can’t provide them.”
Tony wants to die. He feels it more certainly now than he has in months, since… since they got out. Since he watched someone cuff the Hydra Supreme and lock him away.
Poverty is a thing that clings to you. It tells you things like, “you don’t deserve their help,” and “you should work your way out of this,” and “if you can’t keep going, then you deserve to die.”
the feeling of that hand on his shoulder, warm and firm… the smile he’s giving Steve…
Steve doesn’t think of Mr. Stark, can’t think of Mr. Stark, will not think of Mr. Stark. “Yeah,” he chokes out, hands clenched in his lap.
“I don’t want to build weapons, especially not if they’re going to be used in forever wars that get civilians killed.” Tony’s voice sounds bitter and hotly unbidden, as if he has been having this argument a lot recently.
Jan opens the door wider, motioning Steve into the room. Ant-Man is thankfully not there, probably still working in his lab. Steve stands just inside of the doorway, unsure where to go or what to do with himself.
“Precisely,
After another long, long silence, Tony says, “I meant it too. What I said. For… for similar reasons.”
“Yeah. We’re going to take it slow, right? We’re going to figure it out together,” Steve said reassuringly. “And then I’m going to suck your brain out through your dick like I’ve been thinking about for the last ten years.” His face burned again and he felt so grateful that Jen and Robbie weren’t here to hear this.
Tony meets his gaze for a moment and Steve smiles before looking away. He has to be normal - if he looks away too quickly, Tony will know something is up. It takes all his self control, though, feeling an electric current through his body when Tony looks at him.
“What will happen to me when I die, Steven Rogers?”
“Not your fault,” Tony says, staring up at the ceiling, his bowtie askew from where it was pressed into the arm of the couch. Steve doesn’t even try to stop himself, just reaches over and straightens it with both hands.
“You’re an idiot,” Tony said with a small laugh. “I’m an idiot. We’re both idiots. I’m afraid that after everything I’ve said today because of this stupid truth shit, that this is too much. That I’ll have pushed you away. I feel giddy because this - you feeling… the way you feel about me - is probably the one fantasy I never thought could come true. And now you probably don’t want to look at me, and why would you? Dating me is like dating a car battery that could explode at any point. Why subject yourself to that. Even if I want you too very badly.”
Tony laughs and his cock bounces and Steve is completely mesmerized by the sight. He wants - he has no idea what he wants. He wants Tony, all of Tony, whatever Tony wants.
“Steve.” Tony looks horrified. “You’ve never gotten a blowjob before? You poor thing. Don’t worry, I’ll fellate you whenever you want.”
Tony tries to call for them, but even flexing his vocal chords makes them feel like they’re shredding. What the hell happened to him that his body is acting like this?
“I thought the worst part of my life would be that year when I was director of SHIELD. During the skrull invasion, you were dead for all of it so I can’t blame you for not - anyway. I thought that trying to live on when you were dead was the worst thing I would ever experience. I probably would have erased my memories even if Osborn weren’t going after the database, you know? But I was wrong. That wasn’t even half as bad as you leading the Secret Avengers or whatever stupid name you called them, or when you were with the unity squad. When you were dead, I could be convinced it was my fault but that maybe you cared for me, even a little bit. Even if it wasn’t in the way I wanted.”
“You’re one of the best men I know. Maybe, and I’m not going to pretend I’m any good at following this advice, but maybe we should accept that we are equally sweet on each other, for whatever foolish reasons, and just enjoy what we’ve got. Just a thought.”
“Sure. Of course,” Iron Man says, stilted and sounding as far from sure as it is possible to be.
And they did last. When Steve went down in the Atlantic, he had no regrets about that. Sure, he didn’t want Bucky there, but this is just about how he would picture it to go. He’d die fighting, and maybe if he was good enough, he would get to see his mother again.
They never touched like Sharon is touching him, like even the barest of contact will do. It still hurts, but it doesn’t feel like a weapon against his skin.
“So good, so so good, oh my god, please…”
“I can’t let myself,” Steve says, his voice just as feather soft as Tony’s was, and Tony throws his hands up in the air and storms out of the garage.
“Why do you laugh, Steven Rogers.”
“Uh, no, nah, I should probably sleep.” Steve rubs the back of his head absently. He really wants to finish the drawing, but he could draw Tony all night if he doesn’t force himself to bed.
Steve’s fists were clenched on his thighs, shaking slightly with the effort it took to keep himself from punching something. The ground. The busted plates of Tony’s armor. Mostly himself.
Tony growls in frustration, raising his voice. “That’s not -“
The Universe smiles shakily, the thin arm of her lip lifting ruefully up her face. “I see what you meant, Steven Rogers. He is stubborn, and unyielding, and desperately caring. He wants to save everyone, but only knows how to sacrifice himself. And you love him.”
“I don’t - oh. I mean, when I told you last week, you didn’t really seem to happy," Steve says, a little chagrined.
“What if I told you that I
“Something so precious that it feels like, when you lose it, you won’t be you anymore? Like your chain has been cut from your anchor?”
Steve has to be more careful when he’s in front of Jan and Hank, though. He limits his glances, schools his face, so that no trace of his feelings will come across in his features. He doesn’t think they notice, probably because they spend most of their time talking and laughing with Tony.
Shooting stars streak down her face as the Universe nods.
He doesn’t see Tony all day. Steve decides that the best way to work off his nervous energy is to draw, but the only thing he can think of is the image of Tony, vibrator rubbing his tender hole, fucking into him.
“I promise, he really isn’t. I’ve seen Tony mess with people before, trust me I have, and that is not the way he treats you.”
But no, Iron Man sounded more surprised than jealous. He just needs time to adjust to the idea that Steve might have feelings for his employer. He needs time and space. That’s fine, it’s not as if the feelings - or Steve and Tony - are really going anywhere.
Steve nods, gratefully. Iron Man understands. It’s a rush of relief through his body, heady, intoxicating. He doesn’t have to explain. He doesn’t have to see confusion and fear and, worst of all, pity.
Tony’s face breaks into a smile. Steve loves that smile. He hopes he doesn’t say it out loud and embarrass Tony.
“It’s not -“ Tony laughs, “it’s not nearly that simple. The pentagon’s budget is massive. They’re a big part of the reason that Stark Industries has been profitable enough to be able to fund the Avengers in the first place. Part of what I’m trying to do is convince the board that we have enough avenues of funding to be able to work on infrastructure projects. Any kind of move away from contracts with the military means losing money and stability.”
Steve’s pulse slows, panic draining from his body. It was okay, Iron Man wasn’t going to be cruel. “Paul Newman?” He asks, tentatively.
“I’m not afraid of losing him,” Steve says, hearing the certainty of his words. “We built it - us - together, with our hands. We’ll always come back to each other. I’m afraid of…” What is he afraid of?
“No. Sit. What’s the matter?”
“Yes. No? It’s complicated,” Steve says, smiling ruefully.
“Can we talk?”
Helping him fly.
Part of the problem is that Steve is very good at going unnoticed. His looks at Mr. Stark are surreptitious, brief, and casual. He doesn’t let his eyes roam - not like he wants to - and focuses on parts at a time. Just on his wrists and his hands covered in scars and calluses. Just on his nose and the play of his lashes on his cheeks.
, Tony must be feeling randy right now, to be so blatant where anyone could walk in and see.
Tony Stark is breathtaking in a way that none of his movie star crushes had been. Everything about him is beautiful, poised, elegant, and utterly unperformed.
“You’ve got good taste, Cap. Grant and Taylor,” he whistles, the sound modulated by the mask, “hot brunettes, huh?”
He realizes distantly that Tony is alive and awake and in his arms with his eyes open. Tony makes an indignant sound.
He learned his lesson, with Arnie, but he didn’t get the chance to put his knowledge in motion until the Invaders. But when he did, he understood it with surety that overwhelmed him.
But all gifts are lost eventually.
He can see a tear tracing the wrinkles in Sharon’s cheek. She nods, gets up, and goes to the kitchen. She pours a glass of water that neither of them will end up drinking.
“I mean, I don’t - he wouldn’t, not with me.”
“And I can?” Tony asks, voice just as wretched as hers.
“I like it,” Steve finds himself saying, feeling heat creep into his cheeks. “I like it, when you - I like it.”
“No, no, no, hey, look at me?” Tony says, gently stroking Steve’s cheekbone with his thumb. Steve turns back to look at Tony reluctantly, keeping his face as guarded as he can. “That was the hottest thing I’ve ever seen. I don’t - that was me, making you feel that way? Extremely humbling. I wish I could show you how beautiful you look right now, honestly it’s making me wish my ass weren’t so sore because I want you to fuck me so badly.”
They sit there, on those awful couches, for several long minutes of silence.
Tony wants to vomit. He wants to dig his hair out if his scalp. He clamps his teeth around the soft flesh of his cheek and clasps his hands together so tightly they go white.
Tony blushed deeper than Steve had ever seen him. He pushed himself up to his feet and held out a hand for Steve.
“I love you too, Steve.”
He does see something there, however. A notebook, sharply familiar, open to a certain drawing. Steve feels his face flush instantly - even across the room he can recognize the subject. It’s - oh lord, has Tony seen his drawing?
He opens his eyes for a heartbeat and the light hitting them is like needles, or a truck. Like a truck made out of needles. Tony must be delirious.
“Okay. Good. Do you want to maybe try sparring some? I haven’t gotten the chance to talk to you in a week, I’ve been missing my favorite shellhead.”
Tony positively beams at him, before opening the door and gesturing Steve inside.
The broken sob that rips up from his chest is entirely involuntary. He must still be dreaming, but it feels so real. Steve’s lips are soft and warm on Tony’s, his hand curling in the hair on the base of Tony’s neck, his grip firm. It feels so fucking real.
Before he had Bucky and Toro to confide in, he took to drawing the stars he fell for. He had pages and pages of Katherine Hepburn, Vivienne Leigh, Cary Grant, and Jimmy Stewart.
been there for but couldn’t stop.
“You need a ride back to the mansion?” Tony offers, after a few minutes. “I’ve gotta get back into the office, hit the books.” Even his grimace manages to look handsome.
Steve gestures to the empty plates, even the bones picked clean. “It was alright.”
There are fat, hot tears running down Steve’s face, now, he realizes distantly. Tony’s saying his name, now. His hands are bunching in Tony’s shirt, now.
Having Sharon there is almost a comfort, when the thing in Steve’s skin makes them tell it they love it. Tony can look at her sidelong when he says, “I’ve loved you for years, since the first time I met you,” and know that it’s true, even if it’s not for this Steve. He can look at her as she says, “I love you so much I’ve died for you before. I’d die for you again. I felt like I was dying when I lost your child.”
The next thing to draw his eyes is the shirt, crisp white and starched - did Tony do that for his sake? Most people don’t seem to starch their shirts anymore, at least not at the fancy events Steve saw Tony attending on TV. It’s smooth, too, not the kind of pleated look that most fancy shirts have. The wing tips carefully fall over Tony’s bowtie, glossy black silk that Steve wants to pull taught with his hands. It’s clearly hand-tied, but so well done that it might as well be one of those pre-tied things Steve has seen.
Steve hangs his head, a little bashful. “You - you think so?”
“Okay. So I just… flirt. With him.” Steve’s not really sure how to do that, but he’s also not sure that Jan is going to be much help either. “I’ll get out of your hair. Thanks again, you’ve been a huge help.”
“Uh huh,” Steve says, looking down, looking anywhere that isn’t the curve of Mr. Stark’s lips, the bright shine of his eyes, the sweet line of his waist.
“Hey, Tony,” Steve says, knocking on the workshop doorframe. Tony smiles easily at the familiar intrusion, wiping a rag across his forehead and walking forward to meet Steve.
Jan shakes her head. “You’re not very subtle, and neither is he. You should tell him, Cap.”
“Oh, oh, Tony, oh,” Steve pants, his eyes closed and his whole body rigid.
“If I want something to last, I have to build it with my own hands. Do you see? I have to make it mine, or it will forever be something someone can take away. I don’t want to forget and,” his breath catches in his throat. “I don’t want to forget and be hurt again,” he finishes, quietly.
And Tony is making the most erotic noises. Steve’s not sure if Tony even can tell him to speed up, but even that initial rhythm is enough to pull Tony to pieces. Not even thirty seconds later, Tony is coming, spraying his cummerbund, jacket, shirt, and even a few drops on his bowtie.
