to go to the beach?" Barton asked.
, 'Roger'!" at him then turned on his heel and stormed out of the room in a huff. He huffed a little at the nurse that was standing outside the door waiting for them, but he followed her down the hall, Steve, that bastard, right behind him.
"You like 'em extra-done, right, kiddo?" "Huh?"
if Tony was enticing him to follow again.
, right?"
Pepper's lips twitched a little. "You know how Happy is when it comes to security."
"I am not cut out for this shit," he muttered and made to grab a glass out of the cabinet. "Not that one!" she cried. "My Elsa one!"
"Yeah, well, I'm not even sure there's any photographic evidence of the 'before'—"
"What?"
"We don't have to be."
Before Tony could say anything, he brought his mouth down and met Tony's in a soft and tender kiss, and Tony melted into it, losing himself in Steve's touch, wanting never, ever to be apart from this man.
"Yeah, a scotch."
to do it with my own kid."
Steve swallowed again, a red-hot flush flooding his cheeks, and Tony furrowed his brow and tilted his head in thought.
Well, if the dumb bastard hadn't been watching the news the past couple months, it was his own too-bad.
Well, he decided as he scanned his form from head down to where the large mirror cut him off at the knees, he didn't see anything different. He peered closer, checking for wrinkles under his eyes or gray hairs that might have sprouted up in the interim. Nothing. So far as he could tell, he looked exactly as he had earlier that morning.
Wilson just stared at him like he was being stabbed in the heart by each and every one of Barnes's words, and Barton said, "Well, clearly, there's been some gaps in his cultural education."
Mets."
open one of the other ones? I'm sorry. Did you think that just because you knocked me up that that meant you could order me around like some slave masquerading as a suburban 50s housewife?"
Steve found himself going to be a dad.
Tony gasped a little as she actually had the audacity to reach in and adjust his breasts to best fit into the V-neck bodice of the gown, demanding the double-sided tape from the assistant when she'd gotten the fit just so.
"You can't even open your eyes and look at me."
"Am I still a gold-digging, blackmailing whore?"
As Steve let go of his hand, Tony reached down to his neck and hooked a finger around the silver chain that lay there, his diamond-and-sapphire band hanging from it. Steve glanced over and caught the motion before he turned back to the road, and said, "How come?"
The radio, he realized when he'd finally been able to swallow his heart back down to his chest. They were on the radio. He sat up just the slightest, hand still on the back of his neck, and stared in awed confusion at the radio. Awed confusion turned to horror when the guns gave way to a choir of voices singing a verse of 'O Tannenbaum.' He gasped out several breaths as he realized this was it. This was the signal. This was the sign. They'd got him. It had taken them the whole day, but they'd got him right where they wanted him. It had been a trick. The whole thing, the whole crazy thing — Tony, Olivia, the Avengers — had been nothing but a slow-burning trick, and he'd fallen for it, taken the bait hook, line, and sinker.
"I'm sure either one would suffice."
"Remind me to use that one again later when you father comes home, OK?" Olivia just stared at him as she continued to nurse.
"I can't believe I have to wait seventy years to get back to this."
But Steve sighed and, getting back to the matter at hand, said, "Look, Tony and I talked about this, and— We just think Pepper and Happy are the...safest choice."
"And then some," Tony said with an easy shrug, but instead of shrinking away from the comment, Barnes nodded at him.
Steve exhaled a breath. "Yes, Tony," he murmured after a moment. "I can live with you being like this the rest of our lives. I love you. Whatever shape or size or sex or gender you come in, I love you. Clint said maybe I'm more 'Tony-sexual' than bisexual." He shrugged. "I don't know. I just know that I love
"No, it's a good feeling. Trust me."
"I still say all you losers are jealous," Tony said as Steve leaned closer to the cake, seeming to feel it safe now that most of the sparklers had burned down to the end. He went to fold his arms as he waited for Steve to make his wish and blow out the candles, but as he made to do so, Steve reached out and snagged a hold of his hand, and he squeezed it tight as he took a breath, seemingly made his wish, and blew out all the candles in one fell swoop.
Sam's brows furrowed together in confusion and concern, and Steve swallowed and thought about that long-ago moment that he'd replayed in his head over and over from the moment it had happened.
Steve nodded. "Duly noted, but anyway, at first I… Yeah, I guess— I guess I didn't want to. I don't think it was real to me then. I think I was still operating under a 'this cannot be happening to me' mindset. But the longer it went on, the, well,
Steve shrugged. "Well, you could always go down there and try to convince the clerk you're really Tony Stark.
"I didn't steal her away. I told you I was going to be taking her."
were involved with this?"
ready to let go of it just yet.
But Olivia gasped at this and said, "
to get rid of it."
"Really? Because it kind of sounds like—"
"Uh…" he said and went a little wide-eyed because, well, he didn't think Pepper was mad at
. Steve didn't give a shit about his own life — and there were times in the past that Tony wondered if there was a deeper and more nefarious root cause of that — but had never expected his team to make the same choices.
"She just wants to drive my Audi."
Thor didn't reply to either of them, just turned so that Steve could face Tony, and Bruce and Rhodey kept their grips on Tony's arms as though letting him loose might allow him to steal Steve away from Thor and hightail it the hell out of there with the help of an Iron Man armor—
Steve just blinked and stuttered out a few non-answers before he said, "I don't know what to say."
Tony shrugged some. "Built on bedrock. Don't have to worry about it sinking into the ground. If it goes up in flames, we might be fucked, though."
to have too many problems. He'd been able to go out and lead them against an invading alien army, what, two weeks after coming out of the ice. Yeah, he'd done a little bike trip to try and 'find' himself or whatever, bit that didn't last long before he was back fighting the good fight with SHIELD thanks to some sly recruitment from Fury and Romanoff.
"Really?" Steve asked doubtfully.
"What? It's Coke. It's not a bottle of Glenlivet."
realize there are other people in the room here, right? Married people flirting is, like, the grossest kind of flirting."
"But what if I don't like it?" Tony asked as Natasha brushed some shadow over his eyelid.
like me."
"Thank you?"
"You expect me to believe over seventy years later that Hydra is still around? That the Red Skull is still alive? That we still have to deal with them?" He shook his head. "No dice. Not on my watch." He set focused eyes on Tony and squared his jaw. "I don't know what your aim is, and I don't know who exactly you're working for and why, but you tell your superiors that so long as I'm here, Hydra will never win this fight because I will never stop fighting them. Even if I'm the only one left to do it."
"Look," he said, "that's how we ladies refer to them now."
"Hey, that's a 'cute' name," Tony defended. "No one else gets called that."
"Then you should probably do this yourself, yeah? Don't want you to, uh…"
Tony let go of Steve's hand to press against Steve's shoulders and push away from him. Steve frowned and let him go, and Tony shook his head and said, "No. Nuh uh. You can't just… Look, I get that you're shit at actually expressing your emotions, but if this is because Nat tracked you down and made some very scary threats to you—"
Steve just gave him a bag to carry in.
like?
"It's possible no one else would ever find them?" Natasha said, more of a question than a statement.
I'd know if he was dead, all right? It's like— It's like I have this connection to him — like I'm connected to him. Like I can— Like I can feel his energy or something, and it's not— He's still here. He's still with us. He's still alive."
"Well, if you let me know what it is once the power comes back on, I can get the birth registered."
He shrugged. "Whatever. We'll have one once everything goes back to normal."
"Pretend I forgot."
"Nothing," she said with a casual shrug, still refusing to look up from her tablet.
He gasped and then gasped again and then let out a groan.
"Then...that's it?"
No grinder.
unfortunately absent from a lot of the team building exercises forced on them by Steve, though even Steve missed out on the laser tag tournament, which was supposed to have been Team Awesome versus Team Magnets-Are-Our-Greatest-Weakness but evidently became, over the course of it, Team Kick-the-Asses-of-Those-Fucking-College-Kids.
"And how do you know?"
Bucky pointed a finger at Sam. "Don't say anything."
"Papa? Papa, you 'wake?"
Steve seemed to be aware of this, turning to him at one point during the entrée and murmuring, "Are you OK?"
"Papa had 'mesia, 'member?" she said, not letting him get his question out. She sat up with her knees on the seat of the chair and put her hands on her hips. "He didn't know who I was!" she said like it was an affront to humanity. To her, it probably had been. "He had to go out and be Iron Man, and he got hurt real bad. Daddy cried 'cuz it took Papa a long time to wake up, and when he did, he didn't know who we were. He knew Daddy was Capt'in 'merica, but he didn't know he was married to Daddy."
"Always lead with the more important one," Natasha said then set Tony's leg aside and added, "Come on. We'll go over to the table. I'll make your fingernails as pretty as your toes."
"No," Thor said, his tone grave and serious. "That is a worry for another day." His face and his tone brightened immensely as he continued, "No, my friend, this is something that...I think will be most welcome to you, given our conversation of yesterday."
is taking Iron Man away from me."
Bruce shot a look at him.
"It feels funny," he said, not sure how to describe what he was feeling.
"No wonder she stomps around here like she thinks she owns the place," Bruce added.
Fuck. Just saying he didn't turn back at the end of this, would he have to...? You know, stone better left unturned until it was absolutely necessary.
There was a sudden sound of glass shattering and a bright lavender and gold flash, and Tony shielded his eyes from the assault, trying to make himself smaller to avoid any projectiles that might be coming for him because he was pretty sure
But dear god, could he be obvious about them.
Tony grimaced and rubbed the back of his neck. "Look, it's probably just that I'm getting older and things aren't running the way they used to or something. But Steve's even noticed that I'm not at my usual five hundred percent, and I'd kind of like to get a clean bill of health to shove in his face before he gets back."
Natasha cooed at the baby and bounced her a little more. "Just wanted to keep an eye on you — make sure they didn't use anything more on you than a weak sedative."
" He pointed a finger at him. "Didn't I tell you to stay upstairs?"
"Eh," Tony said with a shrug. "Seems to be working out well so far. Right, short-stack?"
"Tony, Tony, breathe," Pepper was saying, her face a little fuzzy and her voice somewhat distant. "Breathe for me, Tony."
Tony stood there on the side of the road and watched as the distance between them grew, and he rubbed his belly and wondered if the little voice that warned him that Steve might very well have to make a choice between them soon was just the product of decades' worth of insecurity cropping up at an inopportune time.
Tony thought about this a moment. "Eh," he said, "I've been worse."
"Hmm...well, the sentiment remains. You are a troll. You are not a good-hearted little boy scout. You are a devious little rule-breaker obsessed with worming your way out on technicalities."
"Nothing, man," Bucky said just as Sam said, "What happened that night—"
Tony just grinned up at her as she refilled his cup. "I tip well."
"That's better described as a 'catch.' What's the 'catch,' Tony?"
a wretch of a human being. How could you know what the future was going to hold?
Steve glanced up from his tablet. "How is it my fault?"
sleep in the car.
Barnes smiled at him, though Tony thought it looked kind of pained in a way he had a feeling Steve wasn't allowing himself to see. "Yeah," he said, and the words sounded sour on his tongue, "sure, Stevie. I'll think about it."
"Is the power back on in the city?"
"But I don't have the right scars I'm supposed to have, and there's the little matter of being, you know, an entirely different
," Steve said quickly. "And yes, he can. Right, DUM-E?"
He shrugged. "I guess they helped, sure. I know you think I'm old, Tony, but I'm not
Tony Stark is up to— And not only that but your own
"Come on, lily pad," he said and nudged her. "You're staying down here with me, you're going to at least sleep on something that could be construed as proper sleeping apparatus."
names we want. We just can't figure out the order we want."
Tony moved his hand up to smooth back Steve's short, sort-of spiked hair. "So not ready," he said and kissed his temple.
Tony decided to take it for the compliment he was certain it was intended as.
. But I just want… I just want to try this. Once. If you don't like it, we stop immediately. I tell you 'good girl,' and you can't handle that, we stop. I'm not going to force you to do anything you don't want. But I want… I want you to be my Antonia. I want you to
soon 'cuz you said it's closer to where the other 'vengers are an' it's safer for me 'n' Maddie."
Steve slid out of him after a few moments and ran light hands up and down Tony's sides, and then Tony saw daylight — or nighttime light, anyway — as the blindfold was taken off him. He squinted and blinked at the lights, just barely noticing that Steve had already taken the collar off and was now untying the bond that held his wrists together. Steve fell back onto the bed and pulled Tony with him, and Tony watched in a slight daze as Steve took his wrists and inspected them before he pulled them up to his mouth and kissed them, and he kissed Tony's cheek and cuddled him and said, "You were so good. You were so amazingly good."
Natasha just shrugged, but Hill said, "Nothing wrong in pointing out his quite obvious physical attributes."
He should have felt guilty. He should have felt so, so guilty. He should have been hating himself for this, should have been lighting candles or saying prayers or doing penance for those that were lost and those that would never come back. There had been a war on when he'd gone to sleep, one he'd been itching to join from the start and had eventually found himself neck-deep in. He'd killed men, and he'd watched his best friend fall to his death.
was gorgeous and sexy and wanted.
God, this whole 'limiting his coffee intake for the sake of his unborn child' thing had better have been worth it in the end. What was worse? Herbal tea-shit or decaf coffee?
Steve just set a
"No, I already said it was mostly because I was a shitty boyfriend—"
incompetent that we couldn't get along without you for a little while."
Tony just snuffled and adjusted the hold he had on Olivia, cradling her closer and brushing his lips over her tiny head. He'd been crying at the drop of a hat since yesterday afternoon — and over the stupidest shit at that. Fucking hormones.
Look, what Steve didn't know wouldn't hurt him.
Steve just reached out with his other hand and rested it against Tony's thigh, rubbing circles into the denim-covered flesh with this thumb. "So, how'd you finally get rid of him?"
"Yeah, I'm going to call 'bullshit' on that one. You know. This is your way of trying to 'hint' it to me, isn't it?"
"Goddamn it, Steve!" he said, turning back to face his pale and half-conscious lover. "What the hell were you thinking? You can't
"You're not."
for that for some reason. You and your captain, however?" She clicked her tongue. "Again, I would not put it past you — both you and he being as stubborn and bullheaded as you both are."
He kept his eyes open as he looked over Steve's shoulder, not missing the furtive glances and brief hand-waves in their direction. They were talking about them. Of course they were. Wasn't that the plan? But they were talking about them — Captain America and that gold-digging whore, Natasha Carbonell, as the so-called 'traditional media' knew him. #JabbatheSlut as the internet knew him.
Steve glanced back at him, Stare of Disappointment already formed and ready to induce guilt. "
"Nah, I did. That's sort of—" He let out a laugh and scratched at his face with the hand that Tony wasn't working on. "Look, man, that's not my…that's not my deal. I don't care if that's… But that's not my deal. But I gotta tell ya, it…it was sort of…insulting."
"Recognized her from some modeling pics she did— I thought that was some bullshit planted by Fury. I didn't think she really modeled."
Tony blinked out of his reverie and looked beside him to where Steve was looking in the little girl's direction and shaking his head.
of him already — but not before Steve came home!), but he was still fucking Tony Stark. He was Iron Man. He'd built a fucking flying suit of armor in a cave in Afghanistan with an electromagnet embedded in his chest. He'd flown a goddamned nuke strapped to his back into a wormhole to another dimension. He'd taken down a terrorist with nothing but his guts, his brains, and a little help from his friends (the fact that two of those friends happened to be the War Machine and Captain America was beside the point). He'd become a fugitive from his own government because his boyfriend hadn't liked the looks of things and had all but declared war on it (OK, it was actually a war against the evil organization that had embedded itself into the government, but whatever; technicalities). He had done all of that, and he'd come out of it stronger than ever before.
"Shh…babe, it's OK. It's going to be OK. We'll get through it. Remember? That's what you said. We'll get through this. It'll be OK. We'll figure it out."
"You know I'm not going to be able to sleep," Tony muttered in a petulant pout.
Steve hadn't been expecting to bring anyone back to his apartment that night, and certainly not
Barnes nodded toward the doorway. "Get goin', ya punk. Your team's waiting for you."
"I didn't say that."
"Hmm? Nothing." He tugged on Tony's hand a little to get them to walk a little faster. "Come on. I'm not sure how much longer I can last out here."
"Hmm… Didn't live very long, did she?"
"—but," he said, totally coming back to the point he'd wanted to make, "people put two-and-two together, and what do you get?"
At the same time, he was ashamed to accept the praise because…because that meant that, on some level, he
Steve closed his eyes and dropped his hand, pulling into himself. "I'm sorry," he murmured. "I'm sorry. I'm trying. I'm really trying. It's just…" He opened his eyes but wouldn't look at Tony. "I can't help it. I see you, like that, and I know that you're… And I know that it's mine, and I just… I can't help it." He turned to him, pleading etched over his face. "I'm trying, Tony. I know you're not... I understand that. I just… Part of me won't accept that. Part of me sees that and—"
Tony glanced up at him, a twinkle in his eyes and a smirk on his lips. "Trying to tell me something, old man?"
"Yep, you're definitely not a father yet." He turned his attention to Olivia. "Daddy's not hungry right now. How 'bout you let Papa have it?"
"Cap, I want you to think long and hard about this," Barton said. "That is, technically, for all intents and purposes, the mother of your child talking."
Steve was so good about everything, honestly. He was sure that, deep down, the man was in a constant state of panic and incomprehension, but he never let it show on the surface. No, Steve was always steadfast and sure and confident and commanding. He looked at Tony's predicament the same way he would look at any problem: search for a solution and find a way to make it right, no drama, no theatrics, just plain, old-fashioned gumption and guts. Though he wasn't proud of it, he could admit to himself that he relied on Steve, and he relied on him a lot. He leaned on him, he depended upon him, and he looked to him, honestly, to make it right. He looked to Steve maybe not to change him back — Steve, sadly, did not have that power — but at least make it bearable. He was terrified of doing this, he was terrified of going through it, but he could manage it somehow with Steve by his side. And Steve, well, Steve provided all of that and then some.
Steve just grunted a bit, none too amused by Tony's musing. "And they're the most dangerous ones. People like that don't give up after one catastrophic setback. They keep going—"
She just tugged him over in the direction Pepper and Hill had gone in. "Relax," she said but didn't deny the question.
of us have actual jobs to do and can't just take off time in the middle of the week to go to a wedding that should have been over and done with six months ago.'"
"If there is one thing we on Asgard can agree with you about, it is the filling feel of plentiful food and the joyous company of good friends," Thor said and reached out for a coffee mug and a few cookies. Tony immediately provided a napkin to him.
His mother.
story—"
He exhaled a breath and tweaked a small smile at him. "Yeah. Sounds like a plan."
"Well, Sarah's your mom's name," Barnes said, his gaze on Steve, and Steve smiled a little and said, "Yeah, it was."
"The rules that you made up don't count—"
"Ooh, that's her 'I mean business' voice," Wilson called out.
"Yeah? Get the feeling it works extra-well on you."
"Look, I'm going to stop you right there. You can think I'm crazy all you want, but I know what I feel, and in my bones, I feel that Steve is still alive. I can't— I don't know how to explain it, but Steve is still alive. I can feel it. I know— I just
"OK," Tony said with a nod and then leaned in and pecked a soft kiss against his lips for good measure. "I mean, is it weird as fuck? Sure," he said as he sat back, and Steve was two seconds away from getting himself worked up again before Tony continued, "But honestly? What isn't fucked up about our lives anymore? Fuck we fought aliens last year, Steve. Real fucking aliens. I mean, it was only a matter of time before one of us ended up with the ol' Rule 63. I actually thought it would have been more likely to be Thor, you know, because honestly, this really seems like something that would have been in his asshole brother's wheelhouse, but whatever."
Bruce and Thor exchanged glances, and Tony rolled his eyes at their lack of subtlety. "Good job hiding it from me, guys. I take it they've gone to track down my wayward husband."
Thor was quite confused by Tony's name for him, which, yeah, wasn't his best, but whatever. He hadn't had his coffee yet.
Steve worked him through the aftershocks, until the muscles and nerves of his altered anatomy had ceased their tremors, and he gasped and panted and kept his eyes shut, and only when he felt Steve lay down beside him did he open his eyes and gaze up at the ceiling, eyes unfocused as he followed the line of shadows therein.
"Fine," he finally croaked out. "Fine, baby girl. Just…just a bad dream."
" he cried, dropping his arms. "I thought that message was for me."
He also watched Tony take the time to help Olivia with her plate, cutting up the small amount of chicken and fruit and vegetables he'd put on it for her, and he couldn't help the smile that stretched over his face as he thought, once again, that Tony appeared to be a very loving father. He figured Tony had had a good example to follow, which was why he seemed to be such a natural. Steve's father had died in the war, and so he didn't really have any sort of experience with a father like that to build off of. The closest thing he had to an example to follow was Mr. Barnes, but that just wasn't the same.
"OK," Tony said, and, forgetting himself again, went to kiss Steve on the lips, but Steve pulled back at the last moment and said, "Hey, watch it with that thing, wouldja?"
"Said you wanted to put your
" he sputtered. "The hell did that birdbrain let you do?"
ashamed of myself, but poor Rhodey's going to bust a capillary—"
Tony pulled away slightly to have a better vantage point to look at him from. "Wait, you've been reading up on pregnancy and everything that goes along with it since the beginning of the year, and
"Well, it's a lot! And, I mean, that's
Tony turned to the woman that had asked, a woman Tony presumed to be in her early thirties. She smiled softly at Tony while she waited for him to answer, and Tony stared at her a moment, his brain short-circuiting a little at what she'd asked.
"I'm flattered, sugar bear, I really am. I'm totally honored that you would think of me and Steve that way, but like I said, one-man-kind-of-guy. I just— I hope things won't be awkward between us now."
Steve laughed and sat back, leaving the tablet alone. "You're just jealous that someone came up with the idea before you did."
Pepper was silent for a moment before she asked, somewhat incredulous, "
"I don't think you can
Under cover of night, several members of the Council — once King Howard's Council — made the trek out to just beyond the reaches of the town's first fortifications, to a small stone cottage in the midst of a field. The flicker of candlelight could be seen through glass windows, and the Council took it as a good omen that their trek was not for nothing. The Red Witch was home, and they could only hope she would be most hospitable to them and their aims.
"Coffee break and to get your fucking twenty bucks out of the ATM." He looked at Steve, added an annoyed, "I hate you," to him, then left, muttering something under his breath that Steve couldn't make out, though he assumed it was about him.
"Hmm…I'd love to, but see, I'm used to sleeping next to a big, strong furnace, and you took my big, strong furnace away from me, so I'm not really sure I'm going to be
He stepped a little closer and peered at himself in the mirror, last night's dream only partially forgotten and his conversation yesterday with Thor still ringing in his ears. He squinted and looked for the telltale signs of aging — wrinkles, maybe a gray hair — and found nothing. He was ninety-six and didn't look anything close to it, and if things kept going the way they looked to be, he'd never look anything close to it.
Tony just glared at her over his glass as he downed the amber-colored beverage, but Olivia ignored his rather blatant seething anger and went to reach for his hand.
"You two
Tony glanced up at the sprig of mistletoe that hung above them. "It is tradition."
anything of his old life — anything personal, anyway," he began to explain as he pulled the photographs out of the box. "He made an offhand mention about some photographs he wished he had, I spent, like, a week scouring the internet, and, well, ask and ye shall receive," he said, carefully handing the first one over to Natasha.
much fun with this. Anyone that saw us would
Fuck it all, Steve was still alive. He knew it no matter what these assholes on TV kept saying.
Not that he was in any way jealous or envious of that fact.
enough to catch the person, nor was the angle, so he settled for making his selection and pressed the buttons as he heard whoever it was pour himself a cup of coffee from the pot. Maybe it wasn't Bucky or Sam then? Wouldn't they have antagonized him by now?
mystery woman," Tony amended. "Why does everyone forget that?"
"I know," he grumbled and slouched a little bit, wincing as he shifted the wrong way. Steve caught this — of course he did — frowning at Tony before he asked, "Are you OK?"
since the moment I had her?"
And 'Ant-Man' was a stupid-as-fuck name.
He shrugged. "Mostly think I wouldn't ever want to be in your shoes. I still don't know about this whole her being your daughter thing, but if you believe it, then that's good enough for me."
the one thing Tony had assured himself was never his, before he turned around and gave the little 'signal' to the rest of the crew that it wasn't that at all — he swallowed and schooled his face into something neutral if just the slightest bit chilly and said, "It's not. Trust me."
he'd figured out, and, well, it wasn't surprising."
"You blew it all at an arcade, didn't you?"
"You're one of the richest men in the world!" Barton said and dumped the scrambled eggs into a serving bowl. "What do you need fifty bucks for?"
Tony snorted a laugh. "You think
"Hey!" Steve said, pouty and slightly affronted. "It's not that bad, is it?"
"Think you don't like him?" he finished for him. "Kinda, seeing as those are the words that he used."
In the past, he'd been the type to try and fill those kinds of voids. If people weren't talking, then clearly something was wrong, he'd always felt. Plus, silence, he'd found, was uncomfortable.
"Many bonds — the strongest and most developed — were forged in the early years of the galaxy," he explained through a mouthful of bacon. "They have always
"Doesn't mean it's a super soldier."
." Natasha rolled her eyes, but there was a hint of a smile on her lips as she watched the antics, and Barton grinned and propped his elbow up on the table to rest his chin in his palm.
"Olivia," Steve said, reading over his shoulder, a funny hitch to his voice.
He rolled his eyes. "Honestly, that probably came to me
"He's baking again?" Steve asked and looked to the kitchen.
the time for
"Uh huh."
"Bonded?" Bruce asked. "What do you mean 'bonded'?"
"Yeah," Wilson said, "you believe that, I got a bridge you might be interested in."
"We could if we wanted," Tony said with a shrug.
They'd found Steve.
"OK, I go back-and-forth with being able to deal with this. Reminding me of what's really going on? Surefire way to get me to freak out. There's something growing inside me, Steve, something I have to let grow until it can survive outside of my body because it's completely dependent upon my body for its very existence. And I'm kind of dependent upon it for
at the moment let alone buy all the necessities they would need for when their little James
"You cannot possibly conceive of it," she said simply, and Steve nodded as he tried to understand what she was telling him.
"You can't do that!" Tony almost cried out.
Tony stared at him a moment then grumbled and grabbed his shake, relieved to see that it was at least the right color for what he'd asked for. He held it up, as though to ask Steve why
"You know, I really didn't think I'd have to worry about that," he admitted as Olivia let out a small burp with not one drop of spit-up to show for it. Thankfully.
"Eh, you're old. Your memory's failing you," Barton said with a shrug. "Besides, pretty sure when I got the grand tour of this place back when we all first moved in, this was explicitly stated go be the communal floor."
Steve set his mug down and gave Tony a 'disappointed' look. "Tony..."
"What sort of ops did you guys go on that would require something like
Tony shrugged a little. "Haven't really been scoping the place out that much the past few days. Been kind of otherwise occupied. Evidently, Brucie and Barnes moved it in at some point when I wasn't paying attention. Is it nice?"
"Well, I'm still sorry to hear that," Cap said, and Tony snorted a laugh.
"Well," Tony said with a shrug and continued to clean up the mess he'd made, "I mean, you could argue every holiday on the calendar is a con perpetuated by retail outlets looking to make a buck. And can you blame them? I mean, Black Friday is called 'Black Friday' because it's traditionally when all these stores finally get out of the red and start turning a profit. And don't play all high and mighty with me. The commercialization of Christmas is a time-honored American tradition that people were complaining about even back in your day, you old codger. And I know they had wrapping paper back in your day, too, so don't even try to give me that shit that they didn't."
" Bruce asked over the line, and Tony took off to the sky to get a bird's-eye-view of the locale to see if there was anything he was missing.
She took a breath and advanced on him. "As you wish," she said and put her finger to her lips.
Sam just grinned at him as he stepped onto the elevator, Bucky following right behind. "Oh, I had a feeling. So, how's that going with—"
"Something like that," Natasha murmured. "I'm not sure even you can drag this out long enough for them to finish up and get back home."
"Oh, well, thank you so much for your permission to do whatever I want."
Cap laughed. "Why? Checking up on me?"
"But he's so
Steve's mouth dropped open in insult, and Tony leaned in toward the doctor and said, "Let's get one thing straight here: He didn't force anything on me, OK? Jesus, he didn't— He didn't
Steve just reached out and helped Tony off with his jacket, and he grabbed a hanger from the closet and said, "Sorry, it's plastic. Not sure if you're particular about how you hang your stuff up."
Bucky just snorted and concentrated on tuning the guitar, and Jim said, "Tony, don't be like that."
"Which is?" Barton asked, and Hill motioned down to Steve's tablet, which currently had a story pulled up about Captain America's mysterious 'baby mama' and the speculation surrounding her. Tony reached out and turned the tablet so he could read it, and he skimmed the article and rolled his eyes at the various suppositions that it made — including that their relationship had merely been a way of securing funding for the team, that feelings had existed on Tony's side but not on Steve's, that Tony hadn't taken it well when Steve's relationship with the 'mystery brunette' had been found out, that it created internal strife within the organization, and that Tony Stark hadn't been seen in months due to a botched suicide attempt.
Sam raised an eyebrow at Bucky. "He moved on?"
“Oh, you are
"Hey, just trying to lighten the mood."
“I know,” Tony agreed and pecked one last kiss against Steve’s lips. He broke the embrace and made to go over to the stairs before he seemingly thought better of it, and he turned back to Steve and said, “Uh, maybe you could go up the stairs and I could, you know,
"Tony, please, don't—"
"Oh, that," Steve said and rolled his eyes, and Olivia bounced a little in his arms of her own volition. He steadied her and added, "You mean that con perpetuated by the department stores."
He blinked and looked at the one on his bed. Truthfully, he didn't know how old that was. Pepper had probably picked it out.
"Yeah. Maybe even get my hair done. Makeup. More than the half-assed job I did last night. I'm really starting to feel like I've been given the opportunity of a lifetime here, and I've been squandering it. I admire the way women look when they get dressed up. Now I can see what actually goes into it."
Steve nodded his understanding then went around Natasha and the table she'd moved to pull the ottoman over then took a seat on the couch beside Tony, moving into his space and resting one arm over the back of the couch as he leaned in and pressed his face into Tony's neck, breathing in the scent before he brushed his lips against the part where his neck met his shoulder.
"I'm his janitor."
"It's public sex for them!" Barton called out, evidently not as removed from the conversation as he'd made himself out to be. "All that bickering is just a way for them to fuck in front of the rest of us."
Barnes snorted another laugh.
He was just crossing through the living room when Pepper stepped off the elevator, dressed and looking a little anxious, and Tony frowned and said, "J, how come you didn't warn me Pep was coming up?"
"To be fair," Barton muttered, "it was, like, the hottest weekend of the year, so it was fucking packed."
And this was it. Moment of truth. No turning back from this. He wanted a chance at that future — he wanted a chance at a Steve Rogers that kissed him like he was the only person that had ever mattered and a little chatterbox that had him wrapped around her little finger — he had to do this. No matter the outcome.
He shook his head. "No, not that. It's…" He cringed in embarrassment. "It's stupid."
we've crossed paths with one another before."
Even Bruce noticed, glancing back at him and saying, "That's definitely not you."
"Isn't that what you are?" Bruce asked as he stood in the doorway to the kitchen and watched Hill and Natasha finish helping him get dressed. Rhodey pushed past him and came into the room, giving Tony an appreciative look-over as he took a seat and began to type something into his phone.
Well, in theory. There was the little matter of Tony's different body at the moment.
"Well," she said and set the tablet on her lap a moment as she focused her attention on Steve and Tony, "how the serum might affect, well,
?" he said, floored that it had worked. That shouldn't have worked. Why had that worked? Was Steve feeling OK?
walking. It was actually kind of nice walking with Steve, but it was the principle of the thing. There was just something unsettling about the fact that they were alone and so far removed from civilization that, were anything to happen, no one would hear their screams, and neither one of them had anything on them to defend themselves with outside of their wits and whatever hand-to-hand training they had. Actually, Steve had pretty good hand-to-hand training, and Tony wasn't so bad if he said so himself—
"You get turned into a woman?" the first man asked.
Steve swallowed again and fumbled with his hands before he gripped the counter behind them. "Are you sure it's safe?"
"Uh…"
"I'm going to tell her you said that."
"It's fine," Steve said as Tony sat down with the blueberry preserves, the toast, and a knife.
Steve got up from his chair then reached out and helped Tony from his. He took Tony's arm and linked it with his then began to lead him away from the soiree.
"How long is this going to take?" he asked.
"Yeah," he said and exhaled a breath.
"What?" He snorted out a laugh. "Get real."
, and we're not— Married, I mean. Not—" He motioned at Tony. "That other thing."
"Not his lapdog," Steve said, hand poised to open the door to the workshop. He turned back to Tony and threw him a sardonic little smile that probably would have gone over the heads of anyone that didn't realize what a little shit Captain America could really be.
Tony thought about this a moment before he hummed a bit then said, "Look, it was always going to come to this, wasn't it? Even if we'd kept quiet about this whole thing, and I'd gone this whole…pregnancy…without anyone outside of the Avengers knowing about it, I don't think we'd be able to hide a kid for very long. We'd always
"Sure," he said with a nod. "Not a problem."
"Yep! We remember!" Tony said quickly, and Steve frowned and looked between Tony and Wilson.
"All right," he said aloud, trying to pull himself out of his thoughts. "What do we have here? Where does Papa keep your formula?"
No, these people were here, had decorated his penthouse and brought him food and presents, because they
Bucky stared at him for a moment before he asked a confused, "Did you just use 'school' as a
He smiled at Tony, sort of a soft, flirtatious one infused with boyish charm. He didn't know where it came from — didn't know how he even knew how to contort his facial muscles into that position — but he began to wonder if this whole thing wasn't on the level when Tony looked over at him and made a face.
"It's a joke," Steve countered.
He shivered and pushed the entirety of the last five minutes out of his mind, and he walked down the hallway just a tad to see that, true to every stereotype he'd ever been aware of (or anything he'd ever heard Pepper say), there was a line out the door for the women's restroom. Of course not the men's room, but the women's room? Oh, sure, he was going to be waiting here a good twenty minutes probably. Fuck, he hoped his bladder could hold out that long.
"Wait, are you sassing me?" Tony asked, completely flummoxed at Bruce's snarky little comment. "Seriously? At a time like this?"
him— I mean, not literally, but just looking for a good time? Yeah, I've been there. I know what it's like. You weren't looking to waste your time on anything or anyone that wasn't going to be in it for the long haul with you. And, sweetheart, I love you to pieces, but you're not a flirt — not a good one. You're a little too… blunt and a little too polite and chivalrous. You're too…
"Nat?" he said, thankful for the slight distraction. "She was under the impression that you didn't recognize her."
He didn't even have to ask JARVIS to take him down to the lab. JARVIS had seemingly read his mind, as the next time the doors opened, it was to his lab level.
Olivia just gasped and sat upright. "I can't do
"You know," Tony said as Steve led him over to the elevator, ducking out of the way of curious onlookers and bloggers that had escaped to post their world-exclusives, "we really should stick around to answer for ourselves."
Bruce then reached into the fridge and handed a bottle of water over to Tony. "Here," he said, and Tony stared at him a moment before he took the bottle from him.
"How did we meet?"
Tony to make a big fuss over him, which could mean only one thing—
"Yeah, no, you're not taking her out of my sight."
In fact, when they all started to trickle out later that evening, Tony was actually sorry to see them go, and after the last one had left, he frowned and sank into the couch cushion, Olivia resting in the swing Steve had assembled earlier that afternoon, and said, "You know, they could have stayed."
"In this context, I think he means the baby," Wilson replied. "But I can see how the wording might leave you confused."
If he was in a better place, he would note that Steve looked practically gutted by this, grimacing and looking like he was on the verge of tears himself. But he wasn't in a good place, and he couldn't possibly be bothered with whatever emotions Steve was feeling at the moment.
"Because it's not humanly possible, Tony."
Steve cleared his throat, and he folded his arms and said, "Uh, so, uh..."
"And there's barely any caffeine in that shit, anyway."
"What made you realize it wasn't all some made-up fantasy?"
She sighed a little and checked her watch. "OK, half-an-hour," she said. "I have a Board meeting at one-thirty."
"Still with me?"
He met Sam's gaze at that, and Sam nodded his head like comprehension had dawned on him.
better. Why can't we have Friday back? An' Pepper didn't fire her, did she?"
"Papa, where's your ring?"
"You know the Board's not going to be happy about that."
"I think you mean 'irresponsible.' I let these lunatics babysit my flesh and blood?"
"Doesn't matter. She'll be up soon to feed again, anyway," he said and yawned, the rocking and Steve's gentle shoulder lulling him back to sleep even while standing up, the song a pleasant thrum from his ears down into his bones. They stood there and swayed like that a few moments before Steve said very quietly, "I guess I could carry you both back upstairs if I had to."
No, I mean it, Jim. Fucking
Where he found half of his team and Wilson sitting around the TV, Wilson and Thor in the middle of a heated game of…whatever…while Bruce and Natasha cheered them on.
"Yeah, but I go back down to my floor, I won't get to enjoy the pleasure of your company!"
"Half of it? Yeah—"
She couldn't hide her amusement. "You think he would have been perfectly OK admitting to himself that he was sexually attracted to Howard Stark's son right out of the gate? Or ice, in his case."
"Or just a drifter," Steve said just as the being emerged from the woods. Steve kept walking, but Tony stopped to look at what turned out to be a man — one with long hair and tattered clothes and the scruff of what was probably a two-week-old beard. He stood stock-still on the other side of the road as he stared at them, glowering and yet somehow, strangely, looking a little unsure, a little lost. On the surface, he looked like a threat — like the proverbial drifter with a hook for a hand — the type it was clearly smarter to keep distance from. But there was something about the look — something about the confusion and the pain — that made Tony realize what this man desperately needed was help.
"That's very brave of you, Your Highness," Steve said softly. "Especially after what happened to your father."
And with Tony fighting for his own life during a good part of that awful time, sedated and paralysed with his chest gaping open while Bruce and Dr Cho worked around the clock to create an antidote to the poison Killian had given him, Steve still wasn't quite sure how he'd managed to survive through all of it, much less remain somewhat sane.
"What the—?"
"Um, sure," answered Peter, trying very hard not to glare at Gwen. She had informed him after she took over as captain for Liz that she wouldn't be giving him any special treatment just because they were…
"Yeah, well… there's nothing wrong with trying to be better," Dad said softly. "Right, Pete?"
“Well, that was your fault for sleeping with her!” Obie exclaimed.  “You know you’re not supposed to sleep with ‘em until the third date, Tony, what the hell’s wrong with you?”
Steve inhaled a deep, shaky breath, pressing another kiss to Peter's head as he tried to purge the murky thoughts from his mind. He and Tony's second wedding anniversary had been a few days ago, and as long as Peter's experiment went okay they were planning on going out for a nice dinner the following weekend, some new place that had been supposedly booked up for weeks, but still managed to find a table when Tony Stark called for a reservation.
"Not true," Steve cut in. A single tear rolled down his cheek, and he sniffed, swiping it roughly away. "That's not true and you know it. And you also know that I don't like it when you put yourself down like that."
Natasha gulped as she pointed to the screen. "These are names, guys," she said, the usual light rasp in her voice even more pronounced. "Now, they might just be there to throw us off, but—"
Again Bucky rolled his eyes. "Yes, Steve. For the eighty-first time, you look fine!"
"All right. You still okay with letting George Stacy tag along?"
And as much as it devastated him to admit, Bucky was right. Peter needed to overcome the HYDRA programming on his own, and while having to witness it was going to be one of the most heart-wrenching things he ever experienced, Steve had no doubt that Peter could it.
“Good.”  Tony sat down at his desk, hoping Obie would take the hint and leave.  When at least ten seconds had passed and he didn't, Tony cleared his throat.
He waited until Pepper had disappeared around the corner before placing his hand on the fancy doorknob, sucking in a deep breath.  He knew it wasn’t normal to want to avoid speaking with one of his highest-ranking employees, especially someone that he’d known his entire life.
And Bruce, in typical Bruce fashion, was sitting curled up on the floor, wrapped in a blanket as he listened to the opera he'd always favoured to help calm him after hulking out.
"Yeah, yeah, I guess that makes sense." Tony huffed out a sharp breath, rubbing at the tight knots in the back of his neck. "Yet another thing to add to the list once the mission's over, yeah?"
"Well, it's not gonna be normal anymore," Peter said firmly. "Not after Papa and Auntie Carol get back from their mission."
"Really?" Tony asked. "You thought I was handsome way back then?"
"I'm on my way!" Steve said as he shoved the throttle forward as far as it could go, bracing himself as the aircraft sped down the runway and a wide smile stretched across his face. There was nothing quite like the feel of that very first flight.
"Oh, hell yeah," answered Tony. "Hank Pym may think of himself as the same kind of genius that Howard or Arnim Zola were, but he's really more lucky than intelligent. That's the main reason why he kept that formula so secret. It was pretty much all he had, and he was afraid that if it ever got out, he'd be left in the dark."
"Yeah, okay," Tony said quickly. "JARVIS, go ahead and cut a check for the full amount to… what's your ex-wife's name again?"
Which it didn't, thank goodness.  The last thing Tony needed at the moment was the entire penthouse smelling like burnt popcorn.
"Yeah, that's him."
Steve thinks as he tries to discreetly rub at the sore spot, swallowing the grunt of pain that tries to break through.
Tony still had no idea where Peter got it, but aside from being one of the most—or more likely
"Absolutely. There's no way that I'm missing it." Peter made a mental note to be sure and pack at least three sets of web shooters, just in case.
"Oh, I think we will," Tony said, smirking when Steve blushed again. He got to his feet, clearing his throat as he offered Tony his arm.
"That's what I've been trying to figure out," said Steve. "I think Colonel Phillips knows something about it, but… it's not appropriate of me to ask him point-blank, so…"
Steve's eyebrows knitted together as he worried his bottom lip between his teeth. "I'd like to suggest that we try and put a tail on Beck, but the last time we tried that the agents we used turned out to be HYDRA, so—"
"The first two satellites are transmitting just like we'd hoped, Colonel," Tony answered as he shoved his glasses back on. "So unless something weird happens with the rest of 'em, it's looking like this is actually gonna work."
Steve swiped at his eyes, stealing another glance at Tony who hadn't moved a single millimetre, his eyes still glaring bullets at Obadiah Stane. For however much it was hurting Steve to watch what Stane did to Peter down in that Miami bunker, he knew it had to be a million times worse for Tony. Their previous discussions notwithstanding, Steve knew that talking about it was completely different than actually reliving it, and he also suspected that Tony hadn't been quite prepared for how much pain physically laying eyes on Stane again would cause him.
"You deserve it all, sweetheart," Steve said as he captured Tony's lips in a hot, messy kiss. "Now, come for me!"
"Are you sure you're okay, sweetheart?" Steve asked. "You sound… stressed."
“Yeah, Cap, about that,” Tony says, looking rather sheepish as he scratches at the back of his neck.
that he couldn't fight the demons all on his own. There was no way.
In all of his wildest dreams, he'd never actually thought it was possible that the bill might not pass. A high-pitched squeak worked its way from his throat as he attempted to swallow, his disbelieving eyes still staring at the television.
Try as he might, it just keeps getting harder and harder.  Steve’s never been one to have a decent poker face, he’s heard that pretty much his entire life.  But this… when even the kid’s starting to pick up on it…
“Well, believe it or not, I've actually heard that before.  I suppose being a spy would work pretty well with my Krav Maga training too,” Natasha says.  She rests her chin on the top of the wall, smiling conspiratorially.  “So… what was all that with Lorriane?”
“Ahh…”  Tony trails off as he starts muttering again, a gibberish of letters and numbers that sounds like a made-up language from one of Peter’s movies.
"The Chitauri?" Peter asked.
"Uhh," Tony stammered. "What—what kinda anniversary are we talking about here?"
“Working on it, sir!”
And even now, as JARVIS piloted the Iron Man armour through the frigid night air and Steve bit down on his lower lip to keep it from shaking, he found himself silently begging every single saint, angel, and deity that he'd ever heard his Catholic mother praying to that his son would be alive once they found him, and that they would be able to find the people or things responsible for trying to hurt him.
the announcer said. "
"Not at the moment, but new information is coming in every few minutes or so, so we're obviously still closely monitoring the situation," Fury answered. "What I can tell you people is that based on the currently available evidence, this does not appear to be the same type of attack that occurred over Wakanda earlier this week."
"'Cause you were travelling at warp speed?" Bruce asked, looking almost pained.
"Well, how does it look?" he asked, so sincerely that Tony had to bite back a laugh. He simply could not understand how Steve could not see how hot he was, and especially in a brand-new suit.
"Um… what?" Peter asked, confused. "Which one is it?"
"Stark, my team has located Captain Rogers," came the voice of George Stacy from somewhere behind him. He and his seven-man team of police and FBI support must've assembled in behind them while Hammer was yammering. "He's in a cell behind what appears to be a wall of glass that's about thirty paces off to our right."
"Go ahead and order whatever you want, bud," Tony cut in. "I'm just gonna go and check on him while we wait, hmm?"
“T-Tony,” he says softly a few minutes later.  “For what it’s worth, I’m sorry you have to be stuck down here.  With me.”
And somehow, he came back to New York as a wizard.
"I'm all right with that," said Clint.
"But Hank, you can't possibly believe that Howard—?"
"But you're good, One?" Tony asked, quickly checking his data pad as Barnes took off from the runway. "JARVIS says that everything's okay, but—"
He trailed off, hoping Carol would understand the reference. Steve and Carol had found themselves in a similar situation on a patrol a couple of years back, flying one of the predecessors to the X-300 series. A Meridian aircraft had suddenly appeared directly in front of Steve, as if staring him down, with Carol appearing to back off until the very last second, when she abruptly shifted from behind him and swerved above it, taking it out with her guns.
Popping open the ibuprofen bottle, Steve dry-swallows four of the oval-shaped gelcaps as he crosses the street and heads down the block towards the towering entrance gates for Empire State University.  As he walks, students peel out of the row houses that flank either side of the old-fashioned-looking street, falling in around him as they trek towards the ritzy, hoity-toity school.
“This is definitely the happy kind,” Steve assured him as they arrived at their table.  He had called the pub the day before, requesting that they reserve the very same table he and Tony had sat at the year before.  The manager had been only too happy to accommodate him, which was a big weight off of Steve’s shoulders as the table was in the very back corner of the pub, so they could have at least some semblance of privacy.
"Colonel Rhodes is on standby in D.C., and Nat, Clint, and the twins just arrived at the Tower, along with Gwen Stacy and her family. What should I tell them?"
"Is that it?" demanded Steve as he loomed over the man, his eyebrows knitting together into a frown. "Were you ordered to target our son?"
"I imagine this all looks a bit familiar, eh, Captain?" Colonel Phillips said as he suddenly appeared at Steve's left side.
And slowly, with many lost days, Tony was eventually able to find his way back to reality.
A few swings later, Steve got his chance. As Rumlow attempted to pull back his right arm, Steve grabbed onto the gauntlet, ripping it off Rumlow's forearm and tossing it aside. Rumlow snarled as he popped a blade from the tip of his left gauntlet, swinging it wildly as Steve continued to dodge the repeated attempts, finally landing a particularly hard punch directly to Rumlow's kidney, sending him flying as he screamed in pain. Steve marched over to where he was sprawled out, writhing in the dirt, and grabbed onto the front of his uniform, hauling him up onto his knees.
"Fifteen seconds to reentry," JARVIS cut in.
"Ma was an active-duty nurse up until about a year ago, sweetheart, and she was a damn good one," added Steve. "She kept me alive for eighteen years when a lot of doctors told her that I'd be dead long before then, so I know she would take excellent care of Peter."
He’s been using his teammates for his own personal vendetta, putting their lives at risk because
But then the kid Peter had to come along and completely change things. The fact that an eleven-year-old kid could be so thoroughly unimpressed by Steve's piloting skills and yet so awed by the fact that he could draw, a hobby that he'd had since he was a small child, was something that Steve wouldn't've seen coming in a million years.
“Good.”  Reaching into his top desk drawer, Obie pulled out one of his hateful cigars, along with a pure silver, double-bladed guillotine.  Tony’s stomach churned as he watched Obie expertly clip off the end of the cigar and stick it between his teeth, reaching into his jacket pocket for his gold-plated lighter.
"We all work together," Peter finished. "Yeah, I know. I can do that."
"Oh, that's so cool!" Gwen exclaimed. "You'll have to send me some pictures once you get it."
Blinking back tears, Tony pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose and took the notebook, reading over the lines of code that Peter had been working on practically non-stop for the last three months.
"Peter's other dad is Captain America!" Ned exclaimed. "And he lives in Avengers' Tower, with all the Avengers!"
Politics, unfortunately, seemed to be proceeding as usual following the roundup of HYDRA's forces within the U.S. government, something that both disappointed and worried Tony. And Steve as well.
As it turned out, Peter was a bit tired from school, but unfortunately perked up considerably when Tony informed him that he was going to be working with him and Bruce to crack the formula for the Pym Particles.
"You're… the Avengers?"
"Yep. It's in here."
It was almost like they were made for each other.
"You had your meeting with that engineer this afternoon, didn't you?" asked Steve. "Did something happen?"
Also not likely. If Tony had learned anything from his fight against Thanos, it was that he was even more stubborn than Steve.
Steve's belly swooped, and he reached for Tony's hand, intertwining their fingers. "All right, Sam. Tell us."
“Ready,” calls the announcer, prompting Steve to strip out of his warm-up pants and check the fit of his goggles.  He leaves his warm towel and jacket on until the very last second, sucking in a few quick, short breaths as he climbs up onto his starting block.
A part of him, the tiny part that he only dared to listen to late at night when he was alone, did wonder if maybe, just maybe, the government didn't insist on spending so much of the nation's money on constantly upgrading their military prowess, that they might be able to come up with something that could benefit everyone, not only the military.
Finally, as clean and prepared as he could possibly be, Steve headed back towards his room to grab his sketchbook and motorcycle keys. But as he headed down the hallway towards his room his heart hopped into his throat as he noticed Tony sitting cross-legged on the floor by his door, papers strewn across his lap and a pencil in one hand.
The fact that Captain America was also Tony's husband and Peter's papa didn't matter to them at all, because why should they care about breaking up a family when they had their whole global-domination evil agenda to push?
And if this contraption can make them go away for good, then I wanna use it."
"Sure as hell seems like they were waiting for us!" Carol yelled as she rolled to avoid an oncoming missile. "Watch your backs, boys!"
"You're sure?" Steve asked as he withdrew his fingers.
Tossing his used towel into the bin by the door, Tony exited the locker room, one hand holding up the loose waistband of his pants and his eyes trained on the floor as he ran through his latest set of calculations through his head, searching for any possible errors that he would need to correct before the pilots had their first jaunt up in the X-302s the following day. Tony had asked Phillips for an extra day so he could triple-check everything but as usual his request had been denied by the leadership, saying that no delay would be tolerated unless it was due to an unavoidable equipment failure.
"Nope. You know that I don't give a
"Thank you," Papa said, so sincerely that a knot rose in Peter's throat. As much as he often disliked how overprotective his dads were, at least he never had to wonder whether or not they loved him.
"Good morning, Mr Stark. Doing okay?" said Carol, her pretty eyes radiating concern. Wilson at least had the decency to keep his expression neutral, but based on what Tony had seen of him and what Steve had told him, Sam Wilson tended to do a lot more observing than talking. Steve had even told Tony that Sam was like the team's unofficial counsellor, the person any of them could go to when they were struggling with something.
"You feel so incredible," he rasped in Tony's ear as he began to move, his thrusts shallow and easy. "You're all around me,
Then again, Steve hadn't ever dared to press him like he was either.
"Well, if Sam's paying, then count us in too," Clint piped up. "Right, Nat?"
"Oh my God," Steve choked out as one of the soldiers stepped back, revealing his beloved boy. The image Peter's back was arched up off the table, his arms and legs straining against the restraints and his sweet face screwed into an expression of almost unimaginable pain. Next to Steve, Peter gave a soft cry at the sight, instinctively shrinking back and squeezing Tony's hand so hard that he yelped in pain.
"Yeah, he was," agreed Phillips. "But he's not the only one." He tapped the datapad, pulling up a still from what looked like footage of a weapons demonstration.
"Copy that, One," replied Tony. "Let me know when you've got 'em."
“All right,” says Steve.  “Then next, we should figure out how much food and water is available.  There were quite a few soldiers stationed here based on the resistance we encountered, so I’m hoping there’ll be enough supplies for a few days, but—”
He and Peter were so much alike that way.
, Steve!” Tony sobbed into Steve’s thin undershirt.  “I never thought—I didn't know if we could—
"And you've got me. You've got all of me, now and forever," Steve said softly. He trailed his fingertips down Tony's temple and cheek to his mouth, tracing his full bottom lip. "But right now I wanna make you feel good. Are you gonna let me make you feel good, darlin'?"
And he knew it would be even worse for Tony and Peter because of Stane's betrayal. Sam was definitely going to have his work cut out for him once the experiment was over.
And with that, Uncle Thor looked up towards the ceiling, and was instantly caught in a beam of bright white light that looked almost exactly like a transporter beam straight out of Star Trek, disappearing three seconds later.
Even if it meant ditching the rest of the party. And Gwen.
With a final glance at the hologram, Tony shut down his monitors and exited the lab, heading for Steve's art studio that was two doors down from their bedroom. He found Steve in his usual spot, standing about half a metre back from his canvas with paintbrush in hand, his head tilted to the side and eyeing his work with a critical eye. He glanced up as soon as Tony stepped into the doorway, his quizzical look immediately melting into a wide smile.
"God, I hope so!" said Clint. "I'm starving!"
"Avengers?" Papa yelled, so loudly that Peter had to fight the urge to cover his ears. There was a moment's pause as the entire extended team assumed their fighting positions, holding their collective breaths while they waited for Papa to order the advance.
"Tony? Peter? Are you in there?" he heard a voice say as the ship's hatch began to lower, one so frantic and yet hopeful at the same time that Tony couldn't help but cry out.
“Like an angel,” Steve said, his face flushing pink.  He dropped his gaze, smiling sheepishly.  “My ma, she used to believe in angels.  Used to tell me all the time that they were watching over me, and protecting me, and I never believed it.  Not any part of it, ‘cause where were they when I kept getting beat up, you know?  And when she got sick and died, I got even more angry, ‘cause they didn't protect her either.”  He looked up as Sam joined in on the impromptu sparring session, laughing as Peter and Bucky started running circles around him.  “But I guess Ma was right after all.  Peter really is a living, breathing angel.”
Or at least, made the fog a little less dense.
replied Little Steve, before skipping his way down the main aisle, veering to the left right before he reached the back wall. His eyes went wide as he caught sight of the sketchbooks, his small hand tentatively reaching to touch them.
"Oh gods, Bucky, no!" Steve said with a shudder. "But—"
"Yeah," he said again. "Yeah, um… Pete's got a heart defect. ASD with TAPVR."
But he never came.
"Don't worry about it, big guy," Tony said quickly. "And no, Scott, we are still firmly planted in
from the parking lot caused them all to whip around, finding Liz's mother waving from her Mercedes sedan.
Steve's head snapped back in confusion, not understanding that reference.
Peter tipped forward into Dad’s chest, relieved when Dad wrapped his arms around him.  “Uh huh.  You promise?”
"Little stick coming, Pete," Tony warned, his heart lurching when Peter let out a whimper. "It's all right, buddy. I'm here."
"We tried to stop him, but the power of the Reality Stone was too great," said Gamora.
"Yes, I can see that," said Sarah. She released Tony's hand and stepped back, gesturing towards her sparsely decorated living room. "Please, come in, Mr Stark."
"But you are!" Peter exclaimed. "You are, and you know it! Dad, ever since the school year started you've been like this! I've seen it! I hear you pacing the halls at night, hear you and Papa bickering when he's trying to get you to stop and rest a bit, and it's just not getting better! So why can't you tell me what's going on?"
"Tony, it's okay," he sputtered, wishing like hell he could offer up some other comfort to his poor husband beyond mere words. "I'm okay."
"Yeah, just going over some documents for George Stacy," she said. She set her coffee cup down, giving Steve a slight smile. "Couldn't sleep last night for some reason, so I thought I'd get an early start."
"No problem," answered Bucky. He dropped one into her palm, popping one into his own mouth. "Стиви? You want one?"
Peter grinned. "Yep. You're learning pretty quick."
“Aahh, Steven!” Shostakov exclaims loudly enough for the entire damn pool area to hear.  He stands to his feet and rushes over to Steve, giving an exaggerated bow.  “You like what you see, no?”
how can you think that?"
"Thanks," whispered Tony. "For everything."
"And how do you plan to remove the tesseract from Earth?" he asked.
Which was obviously just fine by Tony.
Steve nodded as he carefully took the tablet off Tony's chest, his heart jumping in relief when he saw that the soft blue glow of the arc reactor was unchanged.
"I'm on it," Sam said quickly, disappearing towards the kitchen.
" he pleaded
Peter’s eyebrows knitted together as he studied Tony’s face, his mouth stretching into a thin line.
to hide the fact that he was now very much aroused.
"Well, if it's any consolation, I'd be completely on board with making an exit soon," Tony said, letting out another soft moan as Steve kissed down to the soft skin behind his ear. "Or even sooner. 'Cause I'm thinking that it's about damn time for me to remove that impossibly hot uniform from your impossibly hot body and have my way with you."
Steve shot him a
"We're not gonna leave Daddy, are we? I don't want to make him sad."
Steve shot him a look, but Tony ignored it as Bruce explained, "My friend with the gallery. Her friend, Tony, is the nephew of the woman that took the pictures."
Tony didn't back down. The fuck he would. He was fucking Iron Man. Well, no, he was actually fucking Captain America, but he
that day or something?" Tony muttered like Barton's lack of attendance was some sort of personal affront.
over my dead body."
"I don't know," Bruce said. "Based on what I know of anatomy…something doesn't feel right."
"Oh, no! No, you don't! Not until you learn not to pull this kind of shit."
Tony hummed out a thought. "So, you're saying I'm the one that always gets knocked up. I mean, in our past…encounters — me and Steve. In our past encounters, I'm the one that gets knocked up and Steve does the knocking up."
"We could what?" Tony asked, innocent enough, but there was enough of a leading tone in his voice that Steve knew he knew exactly what Steve wanted but wanted to hear Steve say it himself.
for the last six weeks. I guess you can't really call me that anymore."
But the child remained. A child on the verge of tears.
won’t want to do anything. It’s just easier this way if I follow you.”
Steve frowned as he realized Tony was not just talking to this man but evidently knew him, and the man turned and grinned, his expression equal parts surprise and amusement as he leaned against the counter.
He tweaked a smile at Barnes and said, "Honestly, I really couldn't tell you
Barton stared at him a moment then said, "Whatever," and motioned to Barnes. "Come on, I'll show you where the weights are."
amaze me. And you… You're stuck with me until the end of time, so good luck getting rid of me."
Tony snorted a laugh. "Shiny, huh? One way of putting it. Stainless steel is the décor
"You sure—?"
How come? Oh, well, hold on, he had to jump in his DeLorean and talk to his future, alternate universe self a moment.
"But it's true. I never really thought I would find someone like you — I never thought I could have someone like you — and I just couldn't ever imagine having to…"
He reached up and patted Steve's chest, and Steve pulled a hand away from Tony's arm to cover the hand that was resting against him. He reached out and kissed Tony's forehead and said, "Happy Birthday."
"Something like that," Steve murmured in response, the tone of which evidently didn't go unnoticed by Tony, who paused what he was doing and looked up at Steve, mirth having turned to slight confusion.
Tony closed the flaps again and set the photo aside, and he looked right at the dark eyes of the contact he only knew as 'Other Tony' and said, "How did you even get these?"
Barnes didn't seem to know how to reconcile what he was seeing with what Steve was telling him, and he frowned and looked Tony over one more time and said, "Have fellas changed that much since…"
"You know, I'm gonna be honest. That word just sounds
"What about you?" Steve asked, and Tony shrugged.
"Yeah, me, too," Bruce agreed and frowned at Tony. "I thought Steve didn't know?" he murmured, nodding his head ever so slightly at Steve.
that I pulled yesterday."
He watched as Steve swallowed, his gazing raking over Tony from head-to-toe before settling back at his most prominent attributes.
Tony looked up from inspecting his body to meet Steve's eye, and Steve saw his own sheepishness reflected back at him. "Hey," Tony said in return.
"Well, you're being exceedingly philosophical about this."
' scripted in neat handwriting on the back.
Barnes turned his attention to Steve. "Did you…change your name?" he asked like he wasn't sure whether to laugh at him or ask him if he was feeling OK.
I thought he didn't check?"
He's been looking a little puffy lately — was he gaining too much weight? Was he suffering breakouts? Who had
Tony groaned a little and rolled his eyes. "Steve, you're not in the Depression anymore. I mean, maybe technically it's still a recession, but not only are you loaded from what the government gave you for leaving you in the iceberg — Don't give me that look! They gave you a shit-ton of money, and I know you squirreled it all away — but you're married to a fucking billionaire."
Hill drew a breath, like she was preparing to deliver a blow. "Aunt Millie didn't make it to 98."
He snorted a laugh. "Yeah, well, not with Pep as SI's CEO. She lives to remind me of shit and make my life miserable."
This is supposed to be our trial honeymoon!"
"If you wanted to make some more for her, I'm sure she'd be happy to have it," Steve said and set the bottle down. He wiped the excess formula away from her mouth then tried the bottle again. "I know it's not as good as the stuff Mommy used to give you, dolly, but it's good for you. Or so they say."
"Yeah, well, we can't sell tickets to what you and your little princess get up to. I mean, that shit's NC-17."
Tony weighed this a moment, tilting his head back and forth in thought. "Might be kind of fun for a while."
Tony shrugged. "Well, granted they are better at taking things apart than putting them together, but it can't be that difficult."
And then, because he was a dick, he put a hand to his belly — making sure to note that Steve caught the action — and rubbed it a little.
Steve was stuck for anything to say, his own somewhat sordid history being thrown back in his face, and Tony couldn't help but mutter at him, "Nice going, Steve."
— he would have
Tony rolled his eyes. "You know what I mean. Stop acting like New York is the 'big magical city' at the end of the yellow brick road."
But Rhodey, perhaps seeing that Tony was getting worked up, said, "But that doesn't mean I won't kick his ass if he hurts you. Got me? You tell me if he hurts you, and I will roundhouse Captain America, no questions asked."
"It's not—"
But evidently, Bucky didn't, and Steve swore angrily under his breath and, presumably, took off running. But instead of Tony saying anything, it was Natasha, who grunted in what sounded like disguised pain and said, "
Plus, he felt he owed it to Tony to repay everything he'd done. Steve wasn't sure he'd ever be able to wipe out that debt.
He sighed and relayed the question over the comm, and Tony waited until Barton nodded and said, "Uh huh," before he yelled out, his voice going screechy the way he hated it, "
Tony just stared at Barnes a moment, perplexed that he would pick up on something like
Tony just answered by throwing him the middle finger with his left hand as he shoved a bite of chocolate into his mouth with his right.
"She's the best, ex-boss."
Famous last words.
He swallowed and made a face. "Need something to settle my stomach."
He looked back down at his hands again — at his arms at his torso — and looked up at her.
Tony sat up and stared at them. "You got us a rejected wedding cake?"
"OK, you know what—" He moaned as she worked her thumbs into a particularly nasty knot in his back. "
," Barton said. "
Natasha looked at him point-blank. "Had he kept going? Two more minutes 'til he passed out. Maybe."
Steve didn't even have the decency to be humbled. He merely said, "I was doing the reading and—"
Fuck, was it him, or was it getting a little warm in here?
"How're you feeling?" Natasha asked and perched on the table beside him, DUM-E pushing a little balled up piece of paper back and forth on the table like he was mesmerized by how it rolled.
"What? No! Steve,
had television," Tony countered and began to scrape up another candy cane.
Steve went a little stiff at the mention of the age difference while Tony made a 'pfft' sound. "Please," he said, "those seventy years in the ice don't count. If anything, I'm older than he is, and I robbed
He lay back against the pillows Natasha had propped up behind him, panting, two supportive arms braced beneath him as Natasha assured him how well he was doing. He blinked and looked up at the ceiling, two faces above him staring down at him as they waited for him to sum up the strength to start again. Instead, he took a breath, his eyes tracing the line of lights embedded in the ceiling above. Sweat and tears were beading down the sides of his face, and hair that had fallen out of his ponytail was damp and plastered against his forehead and the sides of his head. He was exhausted, achy, and tired, but at the same time, he just wanted to get this fucking thing over with.
"JARVIS, please," Steve spoke up from where he stood on the other side of Tony's work desk, Tony's suddenly smaller and more delicate hands sliding furiously through holograms as he tried to override JARVIS's established protocols. "As an authorized user, I am asking you to perform a full body scan on Tony. Trust me, it's Tony. I know it's Tony. I saw—"
"How?"
"Uh, why would he sell them?"
"Again,
"Uh, yeah, don't think either one of us is kosher with that," Tony said, but Bruce squeezed his eyes shut and took what looked to be a deep, calming breath — the kind where you counted to ten before you either bit someone's head off or, well,
more where this came from, and I don't think it's ever going to stop."
Tony got dressed for a walk.
"Yeah huh," he said and dropped a pat of butter into the pan, trying not to laugh at the fact that alternate universe Cap was evidently a slob.
, didn't you?"
"I'm guessing the Captain America we just saw does."
"Oh, yeah, he'll eat you out of house and home," Sam agreed easily then said, "Look, if you promise not to tell Thor, I'll show you where I keep the secret stash."
"Yeah?" Steve asked and raised an eyebrow in challenge. "What about Rogers-Stark?"
," he countered, "no, you can't. No one can. This is— This is so far beyond normal it's crazy, and there is no way you or Steve or anyone else in the world can understand just exactly
As Natasha pressed the buttons to confirm the cost and add the tip, the driver stole a quick glance at Tony in the rear-view mirror. Tony, hiding behind a pair of sunglasses per usual, stared right back at eyes that he could tell were trying to figure him out, and he was just about to say something catty and snappy when Natasha popped her door open and grabbed his wrist.
Tony was able to shove Steve onto the elevator just as they began to argue about sucking the helium out of the balloons, and when the doors closed and the car was on the ascent, Tony looked up at him and said, "See? It wasn't so bad, was it?"
" he pressed.
"Only to be used in a case of actual emergency." He flopped down hard on the chair. "What do you want, Capsicle?"
Tony let go finally, and Rhodey patted his back once more as he sat back. He blinked away the remnants of tears that had collected at the corners of his eyes then turned to Bruce, who was fucking
"No," Tony said, fury in his eyes and jaw hardened. He folded his arms and added, "No, I want to know. What made you think I wanted to break up with you?"
He motioned over his body as though to explain what he'd left unsaid, and Tony just stared at him, blinking and frowning.
Thor chuckled some more, and he said, "I believe this is where your bonded would say that you can take the man out of the Depression but you cannot take the Depression out of the man."
Bruce probably had something, come to think of it. And if not that, he probably had something he could take a toke on.
pregnant right now, and don't think they won't use that against you."
"Tony, I'm not
He showered up with Steve because why the hell not, and when Steve went to change back into his hipster frat boy ensemble, Tony took the clothes away from him and said, "
with you or something."
"No," Tony said with a defiant shake of his head. "No, I— Look, I told you. You don't have to believe me, but I know— I know in my heart that Steve is still alive and that he's coming home."
," came JARVIS's dulcet tones from what Steve would always and forever consider the ceiling (which was why he would always and forever look up when JARVIS spoke), "
Tony frowned again. "Wait, and you thought it was a dream?"
giving a full-body massage after this. I mean, once he runs out and brings me back half the menu from Mama Lucita's. Fuck, is it normal to be this hungry? I could eat a fucking horse."
Bruce just put a hand to Tony's shoulder and pushed him back down. "I don't know. I don't think so, but…"
He shrugged and set the glass down. "In case you haven't noticed — and I'm so disappointed in you if you haven't — I did refrain, in my last two columns, from calling for your imprisonment."
"You'll
He took a breath, squared his shoulders, and then reached in and scooped her up then swung her into his arms. She went with it, seeming to find the action nothing out of the ordinary, and he settled her against his chest. There was something warm and comforting about having her in his arms, and he cuddled her closer and breathed in that light, sweet scent that all babies seemed to have about them (he didn't have much experience with them, but he had enough to know there was a certain scent babies had about them). He brushed his lips over her forehead and then smiled when their gazes met, her dark eyes staring right back into his blue ones.
How did his life go so fucking pear-shaped in the span of under twenty-four hours?
But Bruce just stared right back, a little sad-eyed, and he said a soft and solemn, "Tony, I really think you should consider the fact that—"
Again, Barnes rolled his eyes so hard that if he hadn't been presumably juiced up with Zola's off-brand serum, he would have done some serious damage to himself.
the company, Tony. You still own it. The Board…they're anxious. They're afraid the company's actually being overseen by a dead man. It's… It's not sitting well with them."
"Huh?" Steve asked, his brow crinkling adorably in confusion.
," Barnes said, gritting out the word, his face dark and his eyes hard, "
"OK," he said and read the next line, "address. Fuck. Uh…"
Like he'd noticed earlier, there was really nothing
"Thank you," he said then went around the island and stood beside Thor. "You too, big guy. Don't think you get out of this."
them, but I just...I don't have the same kind of rapport with them like other people do. I never really... It was never something I wanted. It was never something I thought I'd be. So, I'm sorry that I'm not Ward fucking Cleaver, all right? Right now, all I care about is..."
Ella smiled at the exchange but said, "Unfortunately, no. His brother and his fiancé are having an engagement party tonight, so..."
"God, Tony, don't say—"
Her little mouth dropped open in further insult, shattering the strange illusion that had come over her face, and she next went a little devious, smiling impishly as she looked at Tony and said, "'mna tell on you, Papa."
"Oh, now don't— Look, who cares what the press thinks?"
"Smart man," Tony said and leaned into to press a kiss against Steve's mouth. Steve returned the kiss in kind, and he fell back against the pillows, Tony atop him. They kissed languidly for some time, slow, teasing, small nips and laughs, Tony straddling Steve's waist as they ran their hands over each other's bodies, and when the teases and giggles had turned to something more salacious and serious, Tony pulled back enough to look Steve in the eyes and murmured a husky, "Make love to me, Captain."
"Yeah, I don't really do that touchy-feely, hippy-drippy crap anyway. That's more up Bruce's alley than mine."
"What? No. Was checking to see if there was a cabin or something closer that we could use."
Not that they in Avengers Tower noticed this. The Tower had been off the power grid since Tony had set it up to run on arc reactor technology just before everything with Loki and the Chitauri had gone down a couple years earlier. For them, there was nothing amiss that sunny, warm, late- August morning except that Tony
"You don't know that. You don't know what the serum did to your DNA. And hey, I've been dry for well over a year now! Look, I know it sounds stupid, but it's just… Would it be such a bad thing?"
Tony scoffed and went over to the fridge to grab one of the small bottles of juice Rhodey had bought earlier. He hit the door with his elbow to close it and shook the bottle a little as he went back over to the island.
"So?" Steve asked and began to shuck his clothes, tossing them carelessly to the floor.
Tony felt the dam breaking, and before he could help himself, he leaned forward and fell into Steve's arms, pressing his face into his shoulder and inhaling that safe, secure scent of soap and stubbornness that was Steve Rogers. Steve returned the embrace in kind, hugging fast to him, and turning his head to better be able to press a kiss to Tony's temple.
"This girl told you her mom wanted to meet you?" Dad asked.
Peter sighed heavily into the receiver. "Yeah, I know, but… please? Can't you make up with Steve first? For me? He told me that he's gonna be starting on the trial space missions soon, and Dad, I wanna make sure that you guys are okay before all that. For both your sakes."
In any case, if the way Steve is shivering is any indication, they’re just about out of time.  Which means if he’s going to say something, he better do it soon.
"Peter, just because there's no surgeon available doesn't mean that—"
“For you, sir, always,” answered JARVIS.
Leave it to Peter to find the one old-fashioned soda fountain left in all of Midtown, complete with scoop-to-order ice cream cones and big band music playing in the background.
“Sure.  Go ahead,” answers Mr Rogers.  “Down and back for both, okay?”
him. Tony could see it spelled out so clearly that it may as well have been tattooed across his forehead.
"Yeah, we both are," added Bucky, biting into a pastry. "Seems like we've been gone a lot longer than just a few days."
Steve, I promise I'm ready!"
Comments mean the world to me, so don’t forget to hit that kudos button and let me know what you think!  💖
"Um… this thing can be pretty loud, and there's quite a bit of dust stuck in here so it might take a few minutes," he said. "You wanna borrow a pair of Pete's earplugs while I clean it out?"
that Fury's fucking analysts only calculated a three point four seven chance of another space attack, or whatever the hell it was that Fury said. I still believe that an attack is imminent, and that we, as a team, need to be prepared for it."
"Dad, c'mon, we really don't need to talk about this, do we?" said Gwen.
"Well, that's for damn sure," Bucky said, knocking Steve with his shoulder as they made their way across the vast hangar towards the locker room. All around him hung the pungent smells of aviation fuel mixed with sweat as the grounds crew guided in the rest of the aircraft from their patrol shift. It was still odd to Steve how quiet the new aircraft were compared to others that he had test-flown. In the past he and his teammates would've had to practically scream at each other to be heard over the roar of the aircraft engines, but not with the X-301s. And based on what Anthony Stark had said during their class earlier, aside from the rocket booster that would only be used if they went into space, the X-302s were even quieter.
Fear hit Tony like a sledgehammer, and he curled his hand around his left forearm, squeezing it against the burning pain. He and Steve had been afraid something like this would happen, but they had both just sort of pushed it off to deal with later, not wanting to have to think about it too much.
"So tired, Uncle Bucky!" Peter said, his words slurred like he was drunk. "Just wanna sleep! Want nothing!"
"Captain," he said, crossing his arms. "What can you tell me about the Stark family?"
"Do you really think you and Bruce will be able to crack Pym's formula?" Steve asked after they had gathered up his shield and the particles and piled into his truck, heading down I-81 towards the city.
"Were you able to get away and visit your son today?" Steve asked.
"Yeah, I can't say that I blame you," Natasha said with a smile. "Or, not too much. Anyway, Clint and I were talking about hosting a party for them the week after their graduation ceremony, and we wanted to make sure that you and Steve would be okay if we held it here at the Compound."
he imagined Tony saying, complete with the infamous Stark scowl that Steve had witnessed multiple times on all three of the Stark men he'd known. "
Then came Tony and Peter's extended hospital stays after the battle against Stane and Killin, and their Aminacin-enhanced army down in Miami. That horrible time when Steve feared that he might lose them both in one fell swoop.
"Not exactly, although I thought those were particularly low blows, even from that slimeball Davis," Tony said, nearly spitting out the words. "There was no point to those questions other than to try and get a reaction out of you."
"Copy that," said Sam. "You sure you wanna use all three shots for one thing though?"
"Good." Steve curled his arm around Tony's waist, pulling him closer. "This will work, sweetheart. I'll make sure that it does."
But with this… there literally was no room for error. If he and Bruce were off by even the tiniest fraction of a percent, then the team would lose. That was all there was to it.
"Thor? Where'd he go?"
Steve murmured. "And Colonel Rhodes is one hell of a shot, that's for sure."
Peter's eyes went so wide Tony was afraid they would pop out of his head. "Whoa!" he said. "I don't think I've ever seen any real paints!"
Emoji Key for those who don't know what to say in the comments!
seen two people who loved each other more than his dads.
But even then, during that awful time of uncertainty, Steve had still been able to see them, to talk to them and touch them and hold their hands, even when they couldn't respond. Steve had always been a very tactile person; one of the many reasons why he was always so affectionate with his beloved boys. He craved the way Tony's strong body moulded into his, the feel of the bare skin of Tony's back against his chest and the scratch of his facial hair as he held him at night, and the touch of his lips against his. And with Peter, Steve never passed up an opportunity to give him one of his papa-bear hugs, to ruffle his downy-soft hair or clap a hand on his shoulder.
"D-daddy!" stammered Peter as he scrambled to his hands and knees, crawling back towards the rapidly disappearing hole and pounding on the ice with his fists. "P-papa's s-stuck, we g-gotta g-get him out!"
Regardless, it was an assumption that Steve would be very proud to prove wrong.
"Yeah, aside from that. But even so, why the sudden new interest in reviving a bill that's already been shot down?"
"Ah, no, I can see fine most of the time without them," Peter said. "It's just easier to wear 'em when I'm tired."
Tony lifted his head, his eyebrows knitting together. "You want to take another break? After taking the entire summer off?"
"You really should eat something, hon," Steve suddenly heard from the fancy, futuristic medical table next to him, nearly causing him to drop the glass as Tony's eyes blinked open.
Steve’s eyes prick with tears as he breathes in a slow, deep breath and carefully closes the box, replacing it on top of the empty one inside its locked drawer.  He knows it’s probably weird to keep something so inherently valuable at his workplace instead of his home, but with Brock’s current whereabouts still unknown, Steve knows the Empire State Athletics building is a lot more secure of a location than the shoddy apartment he’s currently living in.
"Yeah, the name rings a bell," Tony said after a short pause. "Bad handwriting, right?"
"Yeah, well that's good," said Uncle James. He pulled the car onto the street, a smirk playing on his lips. "She's cute, by the way."
"Fine," Tony huffed. "I'll make the calls as soon as we're done here. Maybe we can even get in to see Smythe too."
Space was
"Peter, now's not the time for that," Gamora warned as he glanced down at Thanos' immobilised right hand. "Let's not do anything—"
"Peter—"
There was a three-heartbeat or so pause before JARVIS replied.  “Got it, sir.”
"Well, yeah. Why?"
"No, don't think that was it," Peter answered. "No one here thinks it was the space aliens anyway. Or at least not the same ones."
Dr Cho gave him a kind smile as she gently patted his arm. "I'd like you to take it easy for the rest of the night, and make sure to stay warm. Heating pads on the most painful spots will help with the tingling. You should be okay by tomorrow, but if you wanted to stay home from school I wouldn't be opposed."
"He's a lot like you too, Тони," Bucky said quietly. He looked down at his metal hand, flexing it in his lap. "Some of the things you do and say, Петр does and says the same."
"Uncle Bucky?"
"All right, babe, we're all set," Tony said as he joined the circle, shooting Steve an encouraging wink. "Whenever you're ready."
I can’t wait to see what you think!  Please don’t forget to hit the kudos button and leave me a comment!  💖
"Exactly."
"I'm fine, honey," Tony said through gritted teeth. "Just—"
Steve let out a heavy sigh as he lifted his head, propping himself up on his elbow. "No, sweetheart, I just—I can't help but think… what are we missing? There has to be something that we've overlooked, something hidden in those files that we haven't found yet that connects more of the dots."
Hot tears of shame pricked Steve's eyes, and he turned away, hoping that Tony wouldn't notice. It was bad enough that he had tried to convince Tony to stay behind in New York with Peter, using the lame excuse that Peter always hated the both of them being gone at the same time, but to keep harping on him the way that he'd been, well, no wonder Tony was getting frustrated.
"It's no problem," Steve said as he opened the door of the one-bedroom guest suite. "I'll leave some clothes outside the door for you, and if there's anything else that you need, just ask JARVIS for help. We can reconvene after you've had a chance to get some rest."
“So, you tripped and fell?” Ned asked, his smirk evident on Peter’s computer screen.  “At the bookstore?”
"Oh, yeah?" Gwen said as she took a bite of her pasta. "She was a nurse, right?"
“Hungry,” finishes Mags.  “Yes, yes, a growing boy like yourself.  And you’ll only get more famished as you start training more, hmm?  All those swimmers are so lean, you know it must burn a lot of energy!”
"Thanks, J," Tony murmured as Peter came up next to him, a pair of noise-cancelling headphones clutched in one hand and a pen in the other.
"It's gonna be okay, sweetheart," Steve murmured, almost as much for himself as for Tony. He pressed a kiss to Tony's head just as the elevator
"It's no problem, kiddo." She glanced down at her desk, signing a piece of paper. "You guys all doing okay up there on the upper floors?"
"Yeah," Steve said softly, breathing out a short sigh of relief when Tony seemed to relax a bit, his fingers twitching in Steve's. "Yeah, I guess you could say that."
"I believe Mr Stark is referring to the palladium cores inside the arc reactors," said Steve. "They require regular replacement due to burnout."
"'Cause it's like I told you. They tried to do the same thing to me, only it didn't exactly work the way they thought it would," Peter said. "I'm… well… I guess you could say that I'm a bit different from most people, and so the words didn't affect me the same way. But one of my uncles, those words used to work on him. HYDRA had taken him and turned him into a cold-blooded killer, so once we found him my dad developed a piece of technology that was able to take the words out of his head. And now he's free of them, and so am I. And I know that my dad would be willing to do the same for you and your brother once we get out of here."
film in the theatre at least once."
Which was just their way of saying that they had no interest in peace at all. Only undeniable victory.
"Thanks."
used to go on them all the time," Steve corrected him. "
“And don't you
"Yes, that's very true," said Phillips. "And, speaking of that—"
"Bruce already did." Sam tucked Peter's covered head under his chin, readying his wings for takeoff as he glanced down at Steve. "You get him out, yeah?"
"Well… from what I read, the initial critical reviews haven't been very good, but I don't really care," Peter rushed out. "For me, it'd be sacrilege if I didn't see a
"Right now I don't give a shit what he likes and doesn't like, okay Barton?" Tony snapped. "If I'm gonna keep footing the bill for all of his goddamn toys around here, then he's just gonna have to deal with it."
"Us," Steve whispered as he curled one arm around Tony's waist, pulling him against him and tucking Tony's head on his shoulder. "Together. That's how we're best."
"You've always liked that shampoo, babe," Tony replied. "And I should hope so, as pricey as it is."
"At least come and sit down then, yeah?" he said. "You've been pacing back and forth so much I'm surprised there's not already a path worn into the floor."
"All right," said Steve. "Then as soon as that's done, please call Bucky, Clint, and Nat and tell them what's going on. Tell them we'll let them know as soon as we figure out our next step."
"I know, babe. I love you too."
Gwen's question seemed to snap the guy back to reality, and he frowned as he reached for the big popcorn bucket sitting on the counter.
How did he manage to get so unbelievably lucky? He and Tony had both been through hell and back multiple times, and yet Steve firmly believed that as long as they had each other, they would be able to get through just about anything.
"Steve, I just want
Unlike Papa, Dad was pretty good at hiding his emotions. But even with his mask firmly in place, Peter could still see right through him.
"What? No he didn't!" Blaster Peter protested.
"They'll understand!" Peter said, ducking as the monster swung again, grunting and coughing as a wall of pure heat smacked him across the face. "They'll probably show up in a few minutes anyway, so I'll make them understand. Just… please make sure that Gwen's okay!"
"Woohoo!" Tony yelled triumphantly as he turned to Steve, the helmet retracting from his head. "Did you see that?"
"Override Hufflepuff sixteen," Peter said firmly, hmphing as he heard the telltale blip that indicated his override had taken hold. "Now, please, when Mrs Stacy arrives at the Tower with Gwen's brothers, please allow them access to the penthouse, okay? Tell the boys that they can play with my Legos while they're waiting."
Peter shrugged. "Most people don't, I s'pose. Not like the people who sell it like to broadcast that it messes up your towels."
"I am at your service, Master Peter."
the time to become distracted.
"Nothing," Peter said, very unconvincingly when Ned narrowed his eyes. "Just tired, I guess. Didn't sleep all that great last night."
answered Mr O'Carl. "
The remainder of the roughly sixty-five minute mission passed without incident, with Steve remarking every few minutes or so about how beautiful it was to view the planet from space and Bucky continuing to tease him about it.
Which, based on his previous experience, was usually a waste of time, but Tony supposed there was always a first time for everything.
"Nice shot, Hawkeye," Sam said from somewhere above, in between a series of gunshots. "Dude never even saw it coming."
the text began. "
“Good morning, gentlemen,” Pepper said as she handed Tony a thick stack of collated papers.  “Colonel Rhodes, Mr Wilson, and Sergeant Barnes are waiting in your office, Mr Stark, and I’ve set up your other two guests down in the conference room with Happy.”
Steve had already lost Peter. There's no way he would survive if he lost Tony as well.
“Okay, honey?” Tony asked once they had both managed to catch their breaths.  “Better now?”
"Ah, not well, according to Wong," said Bruce. "In fact, it almost resulted in the demise of our entire realm, but that's kinda getting off point a bit."
Choking and gasping, Peter clutched Gwen's body to his chest, rocking back and forth as tears flowed down his cheeks.
"Dr Banner is already working on locating the exact source of the server, Captain," said JARVIS. "However, he is unsure how much of his time he should devote as he is also still attempting to decrypt the coded files from the Mongolian base."
Tony nodded, his plush bottom lip caught between his teeth as he tugged Steve's head back down for a fierce, hard kiss.
"That's my man."
At least for this month, he’d be able to leave his retirement stipend untouched.
Tony often wondered if Rhodey ever mentioned that little tidbit to his cadets.
And then at the end of July was their three-week trip to Ireland, where Dad was planning to surprise Papa with a fully-furnished Irish cottage right on the outskirts of the town were Papa's parents grew up, with a quick two-day trip to Dublin thrown in for Peter's sixteenth birthday. Dad had made all the arrangements during the time that Papa was missing, his way of trying to stay optimistic about Papa's safe return, and just the previous night he had shown Peter pictures that the contractor had sent him of the completed house, including the memorial he'd ordered that commemorated Papa's father's sacrifice on the battlefields of World War I, where he was killed fighting for his adopted country. Dad had also made a sizeable donation in Papa's ma's name to one of the nearby hospital's neonatal intensive care units. The NICU at Mount Sinai hospital in New York where Peter spent the first six weeks of his life already sported a large commemorative plaque in Dad's name since he donated money and new equipment there every year, so Dad thought it was best for Papa's ma to be remembered in the Irish hospital since she had worked as a nurse.
Peter gulped, refusing to meet Papa's eyes in the rearview mirror and staring instead at the passenger seat in front of him. "Well… we were kinda hoping that we could go see a movie a week from Saturday. There's a theatre that's only a block away from her dad's precinct, and I was gonna ask if Uncle Bucky could come with us, you know, kinda as a guard/ chaperone so you guys would hopefully be a little less twitchy about it, so… do you think that'd be okay?"
"Copy that," Steve said, his voice thankfully almost back to normal. "We're not done here yet."
"Hi, Mr Stark," Gwen said. She peeked past Dad to wave at Papa. "Hello, Captain Rogers."
"Yeah, sure," said Bruce. "But none of my PhDs are in repairing or flying an alien ship, so don't be too surprised when you get there and things are worse than they were."
Steve gave a somber nod. Even a week would be better than the ordeal he and Tony had endured after the battle down in Miami, where Obadiah Stane and Aldrich Killian had tried their hardest to convert Peter into another Winter Soldier. Peter had been comatose for months following the battle against Killian's Aminacin-enhanced army, necessitating everything from a feeding tube to daily physical therapy to keep his muscles from completely wasting away.
Reluctantly Peter released her, watching as she exited the bathroom. Then he grabbed his backpack and opened the busted window latch, crawling out of the building. He took care to stay low and out of the streetlights until he was two blocks over, where he was able to hail a taxi and head for the airport.
—without the enclosing dome, of course.  To Peter, it actually looked more like something one might find in an extra-fancy dentist’s office, which, while not exactly what he would find relaxing, he supposed it didn't matter as long as Papa was comfortable.
"My father thought so," T'Challa said with a sigh. "And while I am not my father, I do believe that his belief was strong enough to help me come to understand it as well, eventually." He looked down at his hand, twirling an elaborate silver ring around his index finger. "At least, that is my hope."
Soo… it seems we have a bit of mutual pining going on, hmm? 😉 The next chapter will have a small time jump, so we’ll get to see how things are progressing, both with Peter’s swimming and with Steve and Tony 💗
They held hands for the rest of the game, through Uncle Thor's shouts of glee every time the Rangers scored and Uncle Clint's curse-filled lament when a last-second opposing goal caused them to lose the game. The walk back to Gwen's house afterwards was way too short, and as he brought her up to her front door and gave her a goodbye hug, Peter could hardly believe that they had actually made it through a date without something terrible happening.
"I've told you, Ned," he said quietly. "My dads don't want me talking about it."
The woman's eyes widened, staring down at Natasha's hand as if she was afraid it was going to catch fire or something. "Carol," she finally said as she tentatively grasped Natasha's hand. "Carol Danvers, formerly of Kree Starforce."
"Nothing," Steve said as he attempted a smile. "So don't even pretend that you do."
As long as they both understood what they meant, Steve supposed it didn't matter how they said it. He just far preferred to say the words outright. And often.
"You really are trying to torture me here, aren't you?" Tony said as Steve picked up his fishing pole.
," Tony answered. He tugged on Steve's hair, bringing him back up so he could kiss him. "I want you to get me ready, and then I want you to curl that incredible god-like body of yours around me and take me. And I want you to do it now."
“I got the call about thirty minutes ago,” she says, barely above a whisper.  “The dad said the kid specifically asked for the appointment with you because he recognised your name.”
Peter glowered as they arrived at Gwen's locker, watching as she unlocked it and began tossing books and papers around. He was starting to get the impression that this was a bigger deal than he'd originally thought.
And while Steve didn't exactly subscribe to the same Catholic teachings that his ma had held so dear during her lifetime, somehow he knew that both she and his papa would be smiling down at him while he led his team—his
"Gwen—"
"No," Steve said. He attempted a smile, one that he knew Sam could see right through. "Just…" He trailed off, unable to finish his sentence.
"Dad, I know that," Peter said, muffled in Tony's shoulder. "I'm literally surrounded by superheroes, right?"
Doctor List and Justin Hammer.
"Mmm. No comment."
"Yeah, that's right," added Drax.
"Again!" shouted Stane. "And again, and again, and again! As long as it takes!"
do anything? 'Cause I've gotta admit I'm more than a bit ready to—"
And he did. Tony loved Steve more than he ever thought he was capable of loving another person besides Peter, and all he wanted was to be able to give his beloved the peace that he so desperately sought, that
Thor had also been sparring quite a bit with Steve, which while it wasn't exactly enough to tire him out, it had at least helped to increase his self-confidence a bit in his hand-to-hand skills, something that Tony knew had been lacking ever since the Miami bunker battle.
Phillips's bushy eyebrows knitted together, and for a moment Steve could've sworn he saw a flash of uncertainty spark in his eyes.
Steve raised a skeptical eyebrow. "You think Bruce can figure out who Fury was trying to contact?"
"From my understanding, Captain," Davis began. "You were initially rejected in your attempts to enlist in the Army. In fact, you were rejected four separate times before finally being accepted into the Strategic Science Reserve. Is that correct, sir?"
"Well, yeah, that too," said Tony. "I guess I didn't think that in the grand scheme of things it was all that important."
"Okay, mister, we have
“Very good sir.”  A second later a photograph of Brock Rumlow, leader of the STRIKE team, appeared on the screen.  Tony’s stomach immediately did a flip, and he instinctively turned away, unable to tolerate even the sight of that monstrous prick.
"Captain, you must accompany Shuri," the general said, indicating for her warriors to begin retrieving the stones. "She will take care of your husband."
Image Papa said, softly, but still loudly enough for all three of them to hear him.
"All right," Natasha said frankly. "And when that's supposed to be?"
"Uh huh."
As soon as the waitress was gone, Steve clapped Sam on the shoulder, kicking himself that he couldn't seem to come up with anything to say that didn't sound obnoxious or trite. Normally he was quite good with words, so good that many of his teammates had taken to teasing him about it, but apparently this was not one of those days. As a test pilot flying experimental aircraft, the possibility of losing a teammate was something that weighed heavily on Steve's mind every single time the wheels of his aircraft lifted off from the runway. Experimental aircrafts were by their very nature unpredictable, and every pilot who flew them understood the risks—and glory, there was plenty of that as well—that came with it.
Thor had arrived, along with his new friends, the raccoon called Rocket and the walking, talking tree.
It didn't matter, though. Against the almost overwhelming odds stacked against them, they had won.
"The drone will be able to fire no more than three times at that range before burning out," replied JARVIS. "If I had more time, perhaps I could—"
Tony chuckled. "Well, at least we've got something going for us."
"Yes, I know he does. Steven was always very gung-ho about the Air Corps, always telling me that he wanted to grow up to be a pilot like his papa." She slumped back in the chair, her blue eyes sad. "The fact that Bucky always said the same thing made him even more determined, and I never had the heart to tell him anything that might've dampened those ambitions. There were way too many times where those ambitions were the only things that kept him alive."
"That's an affirmative!" Joseph called as he banked slightly to his left, attempting to achieve a missile lock. His thumb was trembling as it hovered over the trigger, his jaw clenched so tightly that his teeth were rattling as his display switched from red to green and the lock tone echoed throughout the canopy.
"Are you sure your dads will let you go, though?" Gwen asked, rather pointedly. "That's probably the bigger question."
"Hey, wait a minute, this is my plan! I should be making the final decisions!" protested Quill. He tilted his head, eyeing Dr Strange quizzically. "Okay, I like it."
He also wonders if that doctor even remembers saying that to Steve and his ma.  Or, if he does, if he’s ever seen any of his races.  Steve definitely looks quite a bit different now than he did back then, back when he was a tiny twelve-year-old kid with a barrel chest, stick-like limbs, and a complexion a lovely shade of greyish-blue, so it’s quite possible that the doctor wouldn't even recognise Steve now if he saw him.
"As you were," Colonel Phillips said, frowning as everyone sat back down. He cleared his throat, gesturing to the dark-haired, bespectacled man who was standing next to him, holding a notebook and shifting on his feet. A man who Steve couldn't help but notice was not only remarkably handsome, he also seemed more than a bit familiar.
"Wanna see you," he whispered as he tugged impatiently on the shirt. Steve took the hint, reaching behind him to tug the shirt off over his head, tossing it onto the floor. Tony's breath hitched as his hands roamed freely across the soft skin and hard muscle of Steve's pecs, brushing his thumbs lightly across his nipples.
“Thanks.”  Picking up his mug, Tony cradled it between his shaking hands, taking another small sip.
As soon as the school’s doors closed behind Peter, Tony’s heart began to flutter.  He’d been trying to psych himself up for any number of possible reactions Steve might have to seeing him after almost three days of no contact, his way of hoping for the best while at the same time preparing for the worst.
separate aircraft, and managed to build all of those goddamn satellites that are up there taunting you as we speak, so why the hell can't I figure this out?"
Arriving back in the penthouse, Tony was surprised to see that it was barely 10am.  Apparently the confrontation with Obie actually hadn't gone on forever.
"I know, honey," Tony said, as patiently as he could muster. He was actually a lot more rattled by the possibility of unauthorised people getting their hands on HYDRA tech than he was letting on, but Steve was anxious enough for the both of them at the moment and he really didn't feel like adding to it.
"Nope," Steve answered. He reached for his shampoo, hoping that his voice hadn't betrayed him. "Just enjoying the hot water is all."
Tony thought as he pressed his palm over the nanite container attached to his chest. Steve hadn't been too happy when he saw him wearing it, thinking that it might possibly be viewed as a display of aggression by the Wakandans, but Tony had flat-out told him that that was just too damn bad. There was no way Tony was going to venture out into an unknown country and meet with people he'd never met without having his armour close at hand. Especially since they had Peter with them.
is. If you thought
Wait.
"You don't get it, Steve, do you?" he said and began to crowd into Steve's space, forcing Steve to back away from him. "You really don't. You think all you have to do is not get yelled at by Natasha and then come back here and throw some flowers and candles and food at me, and everything'll be hunky dory. Well, guess what? That's not the way it works. I'm not even going to get into you almost breaking my wrist—"
Only one way to find out.
, it was what Tony
was as much a part of some of the stupider pranks they'd pulled as Tony was), but no one was there to really embarrass Steve, so Bruce went online and found a biography published in the '60s of the great war hero Captain America. It included quotes from the Commandos and Peggy Carter and even fucking Howard, but that's not what Bruce focused on. No, Bruce read aloud passages that sounded like they were straight out of a tacky bodice-ripper, the ones that went on about Steve's 'rippling muscles' and 'azure eyes' and the 'firm grip' and 'masterful control' he had over the shield, which was like an extension of his 'exquisite physique.' Steve sank down into his chair, hand covering his face as he practically went beet-red and begged Bruce to stop reading, but the gales of laughter from the group was enough to keep him going until Barton said, "Wait, wasn't this considered the definitive Captain America biography until it turned out the old codger was still alive?"
"Look, Tony, I don't know what your Steve would say in this situation. I only know what I can say and how I'd feel about… Look, I don't have much experience with this sort of thing. I'm guessing if you really know me like you think you do then you already know that. But I'm not the kind of guy to waste my time. I wouldn't be with someone, I wouldn't marry them and have a family with them purely out of pity. I'd do all that because I loved them and I wanted to be with them. I'd do it because I'd realized I'd finally found the right partner, no matter how much older than me he was or appeared to be. I don't know how you and I met. I don't know how I can be ninety-seven and still look like this. But I do know that if I married you, I was planning on sticking with you the rest of my life, for better or worse. By the way, is it legal?"
Just do it before I explode!"
Fuck's sake, they'd be hashing this shit out until long after he and Steve really were dead, wouldn't they? They could be married for forty years, have two kids, half-a-dozen grandkids, and be one of those couples that die within minutes of each other because they couldn't stand to be apart from one another, and these assclowns would
Tony threw a hard elbow into Steve's ribs. "Hey!
"You're also a little cranky," Steve muttered.
He still didn't believe her. He'd watched Steve
Steve's face fell. "Tony, you promised!"
"Oh, good. I'm glad to see nothing has changed in the last week I wasn't here," Barton said as he came into the kitchen and made straight for the fridge. Steve just nodded 'hello' to him, but Tony turned in his chair and said, "Uh, yeah, hi. Welcome back. Stop eating our food."
"Do you know how much money we have in our accounts right now?"
from an alternate universe showed up."
"Yeah, but—"
But Bruce just motioned for him to lay down and said to the other two, "I need you to brace his legs for me."
Steve exhaled what sounded like a relieved breath. "A boy."
Steve didn't even acknowledge him. He just tried another route, a more placating tone in his voice as he said, "Can we talk to your supervisor?"
He stepped back, and Tony opened his eyes as Steve put his hands to either side of his face and cupped it gently.
"Why? Isn't that what you wanted from me?"
a familiar look, but damned if he could figure out who it reminded him of. "But I wanna watch the 'vengers!"
"Yeah, but I don't see
Look, before the war, I was even shorter than that. I know what it's like. I just… I thought it was just something you liked to complain about. I didn't know it actually bothered you."
"If you don't want to take the car, I don't see that we have another choice."
Oh, but Tony had. Going back to his teenaged fantasies of that sexy, built Captain America that decorated his wall. The one that seemed to have muscles in all the right places, broad shoulders and a narrow waist. The one that ate Nazis for breakfast. How could he not? He'd figured out early on — not that he would ever have the guts to tell Howard — that a man did it for him just as well as a woman did, and he wasn't blind. Captain America was a hot piece of ass.
Bruce smiled a little sadly and nodded, and Steve turned to Ella and said, "Thank you, Ms. Greenburg, for inviting us to the preview."
"All right," he conceded, "an ob/gyn then. You know, someone that would actually have experience in this sort of thing? I'm not
"I don't know," Tony said with a shrug. "I guess I can understand it. You both go into it under the impression that it's just sex and nothing else, why not?"
Tony made a 'pfft' sound and began to move the cookies onto a cooling rack. "Please. You know I like to be the little spoon."
But Rhodey just stood there, arms folded and murder splayed over his face as he glared at Steve, who stood beside him looking equal parts apprehensive and annoyed.
He wasn't crazy, all right? He just… Look, it wasn't worth thinking about something that would never come to pass. She was from an alternate timeline. She had to be. No, he didn't have any proof of this, but Bruce didn't have any proof that she was from their future, either. In fact, it made more sense that she
"Oh, but you're so comfortable to sit on," he said but slid off Steve's back to sit on the mat beside him.
He shrugged. "Couldn't figure out any other explanation for it. Only lasted a day. Didn't lose any time. Woke up the next morning that I was supposed to. I just thought it was a very long, drawn-out dream. Maybe it wasn't."
"Said what?"
He rolled his eyes again and turned to Natasha, who smiled a little and said, "He has a point."
Steve just glanced over at him and said, "Why?"
"No." He sped up his walking just a little bit, and Tony fumbled as he followed.
"You did."
The water shut off, and Steve shoved the ring back on his finger and made a dash to what he hoped was the exit. He pulled open the door and found himself in a hallway, another door ahead of him, three more doors surrounding, and a staircase beside him. Wherever he was, the mock-up was pretty good. It looked like a house — a pretty nice house, if he was being honest. Of course, anything was better than his one-room shack.
was good enough, but Tony Stark wasn't, which didn't make sense, but whatever.
He swung a leg over Steve's abdomen to straddle him once more, and he reached out and took the phone and the tablet out of his hands. He set them on the table beside the bed then ran firm, possessive hands up the hard lines of Steve's abdomen.
"Barton and Romanoff gave you a crash course in it, didn't they?"
As Tony sat and gawked at Steve, mouth dropped open and head tilted like he couldn't quite figure what Steve had just said, Steve added, "I knew about your list."
"It's the principle of the thing. Generally, you
Steve just nodded and helped him (her) to his (her) feet, and Tony noticed that if there was one good thing about being turned into a woman it was that he was still the same height. There were still the same five inches between him and Steve as there had always been, even if his form was a bit more…supple than it had been a minute before.
"Yeah, gonna call bullshit on that one, old man. You can't even look at me."
They all sat heavily at the island, each taking what had become their usual spots, and Tony wondered if they'd partaken in some battle with a heat monster no one had bothered to call him or Steve about until Thor bounded into the kitchen, also looking rather tanned but full of the energy that the others were lacking. He smiled when he saw Tony and Steve standing there, and he said, "Ah, my friends! You have returned from the education of the birth of your child! I trust you learned much that will be of value to you in the upcoming weeks."
Pepper pointed over to a table across the way, and Tony looked over and spied an older, petite woman with a dyed perm and a pastel gown that was standing there leaning all of her miniscule amount of weight on a quad cane. She looked harmless enough, and so Tony patted Steve's arm and said, "Go get 'em, tiger."
Which was probably the best approach to take because Steve — superstitious, stuck-in-the-forties Steve — got wind of the plans and absolutely put his foot down regarding it.
"Remain as you are."
." And then he'd tossed the half-emptied cups aside — oh, that poor, trashed frat house that had, once upon a time, been an elegant Victorian — grabbed hold of Steve's arm, and added, "
Barnes gave him a flat look and nodded at that but said nothing, and Tony took that as his opening to ask him the other thing that was on his mind.
But Steve just shook his head. "No dice," he said. "It's— It's bad luck."
Bruce just raised an eyebrow at him.
The thing was, he didn't want to beg for one, either. That was just tacky. And so he hinted — at Steve, at Bruce, at Natasha, at asshole Barton, and hell, even at Thor — that he wouldn't be averse to a little soiree thrown in his honor if anyone was up to it. Unfortunately, he picked the wrong time to hint to each of them. Steve he brought it up to when Steve was down in the gym breaking one of the heavy bags, no doubt still annoyed by the continued internet presence of #JabbatheSlut. A disinterested 'uh huh' was about the most he got out of him. Bruce he bothered while he was working on something in his lab. At least Bruce was a little more forward, telling him with tired and frustrated eyes, "Tony, I'm trying to work on something here. Could you come back later?"
"Not sure he could pull it off as well as you, either," Bruce said, some amount of sincerity in his words, and Tony nodded his approval to him.
"Yeah."
"No one with a pulse, that's for certain," Tony muttered.
"Sorry, it's just—"
"This Steve Rogers sounds like a terrible guy that doesn't realize how good he really has it. You should probably cut your losses while you can."
Sam huffed and said, "Fine. But I hope she craps in your arms."
"Like having a home or going home. Like being able to go home," Natasha said, and Tony set surprised eyes on her before he looked among the others and said, "Yeah, we're not your parents."
have gotten you knocked up since before she was born," he said then frowned at the way Olivia fussed. "What?" he asked and pulled the bottle away. "What's wrong?"
"Family, Wilson," Tony said. "Families don't shake hands. They hug."
He palmed the ring and, after pulling a Led Zeppelin shirt out of the drawer and pulling it over his head, went downstairs to where Steve was just sitting down on the couch, a bottle in one hand and Olivia in her little carrier in the other. He watched as Steve set the carrier on the floor, cooing at the baby as he did so, and Tony stood beside him and said, "Hey, um, would you do something for me?"
, Howard.
"She interrupted my dance. Incidentally, do I have to worry about you and dear, old Helen now?"
Tony nodded. "That's the long and short of it. Now, if you could just process our form, we'll be out of your hair—"
"Anything worth having never is."
"Just saying," he said with a shrug. "It would be a way to prove it."
She slept through the night now in her own room, which meant Steve didn't have to get up in the middle of the night to calm her down anymore, and there was a tiny part of him that missed that — that missed that time they had together when the sky was dark and the building was asleep and it was just the two of them in the living room, JARVIS playing quiet music as he tried to rock his fussy little baby girl back to sleep. He didn't miss the crying and the fussing at two o'clock in the morning — Tony, even after turning back to his original form, had still been so tired that he slept right through it — but he did miss the swaying and the music, did miss that time they spent together. Through the hushes and the shushing, he would tell her stories about himself when he was younger — things he'd done or things he'd wanted to do but was unable because he was confined to a bed, scrapes he and Bucky had gotten into, his mother—
," Steve murmured, but it apparently wasn't necessary as Bruce just smiled a little at Tony like his snippy comment hadn't harshed his buzz in any way.
He crouched down and pulled her small hands away from whatever box she was going for, and he moved everything that was piled on top of it before he was able to get it out, but by that time, Olivia had found the toy telephone again and had plopped down with it, the receiver in her mouth as she turned the dial with her fingers. Tony stared at her a moment then looked up to glare at Steve.
But he hummed and said, "If I'm still awake by the time you come to bed, I'll let you see everything."
Tony could do nothing but shrug again. "Don't seem to have any other choice."
He chuckled and said, "
He breathed out Steve's name in desperate want, and without prodding, he reached up and again began to fondle his breasts before moving his fingertips lightly over the sensitive skin of his abdomen, hitching at the barely-contained pleasure that thrummed inside of him.
"It kind of sounds like you hate it."
"Oh, yeah," he said and turned to Steve. "Incidentally, the designer that Pepper paid a fortune for kind of got to second base with me before."
He nodded. "Yeah."
Pepper winced back in disbelief. "Wait, you
"It's just part of the mission," she explained like it was an everyday occurrence to her. She then turned to Tony and said, "Sorry, Stark. You're just not my type no matter what body you're in."
Tony just shot a flat look at him.
"Why don't you join us? Permanently?"
but the words died on his lips.
"Excuse me?"
"Because Bruce inadvertently spilled the beans," he snapped. "It's a boy."
Probably'll fit the pillow as well as it does him."
Steve's lips twitched as he said, "You've been on maternity leave."
," he whispered. "
"No," he said with a sigh. "You don't have to kick his ass." He twitched a bitter smile and added, "I'll put the fucking Iron Man suit on and do it my goddamned self."
"Oh," Tony said as he got to his feet, "not leaving me up here to fend for myself?"
"Walking's the best exercise you can get," he said.
Tony sighed out a breath. "Not your fault, J," he said and sat down at his worktable. "Wish you could explain the situation to me."
"It is pretty bad when you think about it," Bruce said, though Wilson just said, "Yes, I
Tony shrugged, making sure not to jostle the baby. "I guess. He's not so bad—" He frowned as he watched Steve just swallow and nod then glance away, and Tony cocked his head to the side a moment and said, "Wait, is this— Are you
Steve exhaled a breath, and he reached over and rubbed a gentle hand over Tony's belly and said, "You know, we should probably start thinking about names."
And so that he still wasn't fully dilated, he paced and he breathed through the pain and focused on his equations, and he squatted and got on all fours and leaned forward as he braced himself against the table and pretty much just tried to find any position imaginable that was comfortable or that would lessen the pain. He was so fucking tired, and he rested when he could, but the pain never let him get comfortable for long, and Bruce had said something about putting a monitor of some kind on him, but the venomous look he'd given him for the mere suggestion had left Bruce shrinking away and telling Natasha that he would be back to check on him in a while and to alert him to any obvious changes in Tony's condition before that.
"I'm not— It's not— I just don't think we should eat
"Of course you did."
Tony turned to Steve and said, "You know we're about three months away from finding them on the couch having really loud hate-sex with each other, right?"
As soon as the comm went silent, Tony slumped into his chair, his mind such a swirling mass of conflicting emotions that for a moment he felt paralysed, unable to even move out of fear that something else would happen.
"So, if we could take the tesseract and put it into some kind of vibranium-lined casing, and then put that into a self-contained computer that was also powered by one of the arc reactors, then it would be able to send out a continuous signal to each of the sister satellites, and—"
Scott's jaw slammed against the driveway. "Uhh, you mean—you mean join the Avengers? Are you kidding?"
“Oh, and keep everything off the main SI server, yeah?  Only stream your findings onto my own.”
Tony blinks, his lips stretching into a thin line as he reaches for what’s left of his water.  “Here, Cap,” he says as he holds it towards Steve.  “You're obviously delusional.”
He sat in a crumpled heap on the floor for a couple of minutes, fighting against the dry heaves that always followed until he felt strong enough to attempt to stand. His arms and legs were shaking violently and tingling like he'd been electrocuted as he splashed some cold water on his face and rinsed out his mouth, trying to take the slow, deep breaths through his nose that Uncle Sam had taught him.
since aside from only maybe a handful of people, no one currently living in Langara had ever even experienced peace.
Again, Dad stared at Peter for several heartbeats, finally tilting his head. "Yeah, okay, Pete," he said quietly. "I guess that Spidey Sense of yours hasn't goofed up yet, has it?"
Outside of Peter's door, Steve raised his hand to knock, then hesitated. For some reason it seemed almost wrong for him to be there, to be grateful that a kid was sick just to satisfy his apparently inherent need to pretend that he was someone important in that kid's life for a few hours per week.
A lump rose in Tony's throat as he watched Natasha go, remembering how suspicious he had been of her when he first met her. She came off as such a badass, tough-as-nails woman, which worked very well in fights and with her Black Widow alter-ego. But when it came down to it, she was just as soft and loving with Peter as any mother could ever be.
"Shh, Tony," Steve whispered.
"Okay. Do you wanna talk about it?" asked Gwen.
"Oh, yeah? Shoot."
living historians in your family," Ned said as he and Peter made their way from the lunchroom back to their lockers. "I mean, the history books that we have don't even tell half of the story, so how're people like me supposed to even know some of this stuff!"
"I've got his eyes covered, Tony," Steve said quickly. "Sam, keep going!"
There's no way Tony would've survived. No way that either of them would be here now if it weren't for Steve.
This place, this hidden African country, along with its king, just might help tip the odds back into the Avengers' favour.
Barely a second later the missile exploded a shower of sparks and flame, the resulting shockwave sending a violent shimmy through Steve's aircraft.
“The simulation was successful, sir,” JARVIS stated once all the sparks had faded.  “Congratulations.”
"No, thank you," Steve said. "My husband, Tony, he's coordinating with the rest of our team now. Once we're all in position, I'll reveal the location. I would greatly appreciate it if we could count on you and your warriors to help protect us."
, aiming directly for him at a speed way too fast to out-manoeuvre. For a moment Steve was frozen, his blood like ice in his veins as he licked his lips, trying to force his stunned mind to think of a solution to what seemed like an impossible problem.
The female alien's lips twitched. "We have blood to spare," she said in a low voice. Then she raised her weapon arm into the air, crying out some kind of call to war as the ground surrounding the landed transports began to rumble, releasing what appeared to be some kind of rabid, six-legged war dogs, not too unlike the wargs from Lord of the Rings. Steve's heart began to thud as he, Natasha, and T'Challa hurried back to their warriors, Steve's hand gripping his shield so tightly that a bolt of pain shot across his knuckles.
In all the times that he’d been inside the store, Tony had never actually seen the back room where Steve had his living quarters.  Peter had told him it was way too small for someone of Steve’s size to actually be comfortable, and he hadn't been exaggerating.  The doorways were barely wide enough for Steve's shoulders to fit through, with only maybe four or five inches of clearance in the ceilings.
"With those two anything's possible, buddy, so I'd watch out," said Dad.
"Hey now, I know you're not trying to tell me that you've never had a quickie right before heading out the door, are you?"
"Yeah, I might've noticed. Kinda hard not to when you're tearing the sheets to shreds every other night."
And it had only been used a total of three times in the last twenty-eight years.
Steve thought stubbornly.
Tony caught her hand before she could exit the tub. "Thank you, Nat," he said quietly, with as much sincerity as he could muster. "Pete is damn lucky to have you."
Peter was okay. He was just down the hall in his bedroom, sleeping comfortably.
"That sounds like fun," Gwen said. "Peter? You like Clue, don't you?"
going into that water, Steve!" he said, low and tight. "Don't you even think about it!"
“Inform them at once—inform who, Tony?” demanded Obie.  “Don't tell me you're dragging even more people in our private business?  This was supposed to be between you and me!  Not you, me, and a few strangers off the street who just happened to look decent in a uniform!”
"Ah ha!" O'Brien said with an appreciative nod. "And serve it you have! In fact, I've already initiated the process to have you promoted to Major, based on the recommendation of your superior officers."
"I'll race ya."
"Nah, he's actually in a pretty good mood tonight. When he's grumpy you don't really want to be around him, just in case he decides to throw a dart at your head," Peter answered. He grabbed two bottles of Dr Pepper from the refrigerator, handing one to Gwen. "But he's also not someone bad guys would wanna mess with either, so it doesn't really bother me when he gets grumpy."
They ended up staying outside until almost 0100, eating and chatting about various things. Steve learned that Tony's favourite colours were red and blue, his favourite animals were polar bears—which helped explain why Peter loved them as well—his favourite television show was a cartoon called Clone Wars but that he hadn't actually watched it in years, that his mother had died when he was sixteen years old after a long illness, and that he'd had a guardian of sorts named Mr Jarvis whom he had loved like a father.
"Ah huh," Tony muttered. "Typical HYDRA."
"It's okay, buddy," Dad said again. "I've got you."
It was an X-302, an exact copy of the aircraft Steve was flying. The only difference was the paint job.
“Thank you!” Steve says as the announcer calls out Schmidt’s name as the silver medalist.  But, unlike how he was hamming it up to the crowd before the race, Schmidt barely acknowledges them, gathering up his towel and tracksuit in a huff before stomping off the deck, no doubt to some colourful television commentary from Dan Hicks and Rowdy Gaines.
"Yes, I understand," Lang said, nodding like a bobble-head doll. He held out his hand, awkwardly glancing between Tony and Steve. Steve took it first, squeezing it just hard enough for Lang to gulp. "Ah, I can't tell you both how grateful I am. I mean it. This… you have no idea what this means to me."
"Yeah?" Dad said in response to Peter's knock. "Who is it?"
And the basis for the bringing of such a motion?
"I understand," Steve said. He put on his cowl, nodding towards Thor. "After I introduce us, I'll let you explain to the prince what you saw in your vision."
"Are you ready to join us for training?" Steve asked.
"Probably due to the extra weight," Steve said as he removed his helmet, letting it drop onto his lap. He should've realised that a lot earlier. "Are you all right?"
It’s been a long time—probably a lot longer than he would care to admit, thank you very much—since Tony’s met anyone as unabashedly beautiful as Steve Rogers.  He supposes he should've figured that the guy would be in pretty decent shape since he’s a former Olympic swimmer, but Tony definitely was
And while Peter did miss his father, it was more the reason why he was gone that was bothering him. Dad had been going on business trips for as long as Peter could remember, and while he had told Gwen that Dad's visit to New Asgard was more of a courtesy visit to help Uncle Thor with some technical stuff, it wasn't exactly the whole truth.
And for Tony, who after witnessing the destruction of his parents' marriage and most of his mother's sanity in the years following Howard's trial had completely sworn off ever falling in love or having a family, it had only taken one long look at his new baby boy for him to fall head-over-heels in love with him.
“First things first,” Tony muttered as he quickly scrubbed shampoo and conditioner into his hair, digging his fingertips into his scalp as he rinsed.  Years of perfecting his complicated beard made shaving all that much faster, so it was only fifteen minutes later that Tony stepped into the kitchen to find Peter sitting at the breakfast bar, eating from his usual massive bowl of Lucky Charms.
For a moment everything went white, and Steve briefly wondered if he had been transported somewhere else when the light suddenly disappeared, as quickly as it came.
he also nearly
"All right. And the contingency plans?"
"You're asking
"Uh, are you sure about this, Cap?" Sam asked as he piloted the Quinjet over the skies of Africa. They were aiming for the coordinates transmitted to them by King T'Challa's security people, but from what Tony could see, there was absolutely nothing below them that resembled anything that looked like a country, much less a highly technologically advanced country.
"Following the battle with the Dark Elves, I entrusted my Warriors Three with finding a hiding place for the Aether," said Thor. "They then left it under the guardianship of a being known as the Collector."
"Peter, you gotta let go, okay?" he heard himself say. "It's all right, little guy, I'm gonna catch you!"
"Papa, help me!" Peter said again as he slumped against Bucky, his eyes barely open. "I'm so tired, I just wanna sleep!"
"But then why can't they just do another conference call?" he asked. "And why would they need me when I'm not officially associated with Damage Control?"
"Yeah, that's exactly what I'm thinking," Steve said with a heavy sigh. It had been a toss-up whether to start in Mongolia or hit the bases in Iceland first, and he had ended up deciding to go with Iceland first mainly because the bases there were easier to supply and therefore more important than the completely landlocked Mongolian base.
"No, they don't," Peter said grimly. And he wasn't just making that up. As far as he knew, none of Papa's plans included having to defend New York City from an intra-atmospheric spaceship.
"Sounds good," said Peter, just as Quill leaned over to him.
The jazzy tones of the Glenn Miller Band swept through the penthouse only a second later, with Steve's lips twitching in mild amusement as he recognised it.
"Yeah," Tony said, swiping at his eyes as he nodded. Peter's eyes were already closed, his shallow breaths steady and even.
"It's okay, baby," Tony managed. He tilted his head to capture Steve's lips, plunging his tongue into Steve's mouth just as one of Steve's hands wrapped around his cock, stroking him in time with his thrusts. "'M close too, I can't—"
There was a pause, followed by a stern, "I am fairly certain that your father would not approve of this line of questioning, young man."
"Yes, I am," Steve said, in all seriousness. "But you're still sure this isn't anything to worry about?"
He had even given in the night before and showed it to Steve, who believed even less in coincidences than Tony, and while Steve ultimately said it was Tony's area of expertise and therefore his decision, his uneasiness with it was only making Tony's worse.
"I think she did," answered Steve, his cheeks flushing hot. "She never said as much, but she was almost as perceptive as Peter, so… I'd be shocked if she hadn't at least suspected it was the case. And to her credit, she never told me that I needed to find a gal to settle down with. Oh, she encouraged me to go out, especially on double-dates with Bucky, but… she never wondered why those dates never went anywhere." He picked up Tony's hand, tracing his fingertips along the lines of his palm. "And I know she would've loved Peter too. Unconditionally."
"Assemble!"
“What?” he said, so softly that Peter barely heard him.  “Are you trying to tell me that—?”
but please, just let me try, okay?"
A split second later Steve yanked back on the throttle and shoved the stick to the left, skimming so closely along the DMZ line that he could've sworn that he saw his Meridian mirror pilot's eyes go wide.
just needed to see him for himself.
“A parent wants you to coach his kid in swimming?” Natasha asks.  “I didn't know you were interested in taking on private students?”
The tree turned its head, nodding in Steve's direction just as its right arm—branch?—extended, spearing four of the war dogs clear through their bodies.
So the fact that Uncle Clint, Auntie Nat, and Uncle Bucky hadn't encountered any resistance on their recent raids was probably because HYDRA knew they weren't looking in the right places. But if the entire team all happened to suddenly descend on this hidden fortress off the Georgia coast, there would be nothing to stop HYDRA from taking them all prisoner too, or even killing Papa in retaliation.
And now he had not only a home, but also an incredible husband and a son that he adored beyond reason to share it with.
"Pretty much," said Tony, and
Having a goal, even one so lofty as the un-snapping of billions of people, was good for them.
Which was something that both Tony and Steve had agreed would never happen, and especially not with the current government. Steve was already drawing far too many comparisons between President Cole and Hitler for Tony's comfort, and he was afraid that they had only scratched the surface so far.
"Oh yeah, that's a good point." Ned said. "But I'm still gonna predict that you'll meet one at some point. Although probably not until after you meet a sorcerer. For some reason that just seems more realistic."
"Oh yeah," Peter answered. "Papa and Uncle Sam do most of the cooking while the rest of us watch football and try and stay out of their way. Then once they're done we eat and play games. Or fall asleep on the couch, in my Uncle Clint's case. He always says that's what you're supposed to do after eating Thanksgiving dinner."
Like the something-out-of-a-science-fiction-book kind of something else.
After storing the corsage in the refrigerator and checking in with Dad in the lab, Peter headed to his room to start on his homework. He had fallen a bit behind on his schoolwork since Papa had been gone, and while he wasn't in danger of his grades being affected or losing his status as the top student in his class, it still annoyed him that he had allowed himself to slack off as much as he had.
"Yes, apparently I am quite popular with the children here on Midgard," said Thor through another mouthful of taco. "Something about studying Norse mythology during their schooling?"
the smell of those fucking cigars.  “JARVIS, go ahead and bring up the schematic and run the simulation, yeah?”
(See the end of the chapter for
—certainly wouldn't have chosen to completely disobey his dads by refusing to return home during an alien invasion.
"Just be prepared for some dirty looks if people see you with him, Stevie," Bucky said. "I know Anthony Stark isn't his father, but not everyone's gonna see it that way. There's a lot of prejudice floating around out there."
Tony huffed, rolling his eyes. "Fine."
"Gotcha, Tony!" Sam yelled as he landed directly on top of one of the suits, aiming his guns at its neck. "Good call!"
“Papa, I
And maybe even have enough left over to cover the surgery for his bum shoulder that Steve’s been putting off for the last three years.
“Congratulations, Jacques,” he says.  “That was a great race.”
Tony nodded against Steve's chest. "It's basically like a big stun gun, designed to disable rather than destroy. There is a kill function available, but it requires voice authorisation from either you or me to activate it."
Since Steve had decided to forgo his usual morning run that day, he and Tony took their time in the shower, washing each other's hair and body as their hands slid and stroked and their lips kissed across each other's skin, bringing each other to one final climax before they were chased out by a group of arriving backup night-shift pilots. Back in their room, they took their time getting ready, with Steve almost hyper aware that it could very well be the last time that he dressed in the Langaran Air Corps colours.
Peter scowled, lifting his head. "Why? So I'm not around while you and Dad interrogate the dude who tried to break in?"
"They really need to get you some more help with that stuff," Papa said as they piled into the penthouse elevator. "It's getting to be too much."
"I think—I think I'm—I'm all right, now, JARVIS," he said. "Thank you."
"Very good, sir."
"Ma?" Steve whispered, gasping as none other than Sarah Rogers herself stepped out onto the street along with a small, young boy. The boy was dressed in a blue button-down shirt that was patched at both elbows and a pair of trousers that were both too large in the waist and too short in the legs, held up by a pair of dark brown suspenders.
Tony scowled. "And why not? If you think he knows something then I would think you'd have every right to ask him—"
And then Papa finished, handing Dad the tablet with the exact look of resigned horror on his pale face that Peter had both predicted and dreaded. His fingers tightened every-so-slightly on Peter's shoulder as Dad read, almost as though he was afraid that Peter was going to be snatched away from him if he let go.
"No, no more buts now, okay?" she said. "You need to rest."
"But… the ship was all busted up. Quill even said so," he said to Dr Strange. "And since you didn't use any of your sparkly circle thingies, then how—?"
"Shh," Steve murmured as his lips kissed down the trail left behind by his fingers, giving Tony a couple of teasing licks as he locked eyes with him, grinning so innocently that Tony couldn't help but laugh.
“All right,” Steve said, searching his muddled brain files for any previous reference to a Doctor List, and coming up empty.  “So, why am I here?”
"There'd be no more reasons for him not to have it," said Tony. "Absolutely none."
"Congratulations, Tony. Well done," Phillips said softly, a slight smile stretching across his thin lips. He was a bit less jovial than Tony would've expected, but Tony supposed it didn't really matter. Phillips had been working almost nonstop since everything began as well, so the old man was probably just exhausted.
Tony had done it.
"Oh, I always love chicken noodle soup when I'm sick!" Peter said as he retrieved the broth, thankfully with no issue. "And I bet yours'll taste even better than the restaurant stuff I've always had."
"Thor?" he whispered as he tried to lift his head, dropping it back down when it immediately started to swim. He let out a pained groan as he slowly rolled onto his side, squeezing his eyes back closed as he tried to regain control of his senses.
"No, probably not," Steve said. He leaned forward, pressing a soft kiss to Tony's lips. "I'd like to introduce you to her, and I'd like to do it soon. Would you be okay with that?"
Just like all of the other elemental monsters, the sandman seemed to be a one-off.
Steve blinked, searching through his foggy brain for any previous reference to a Doctor List or a Wanda Maximoff, and coming up empty.
"Steve!" Tony shrieked.
"Tony," Steve breathed against Tony's lips as he kicked off his shoes, guiding them towards the centre of the spacious room. Aside from the still-setting sun sending soft beams of warmth through the windows, the room was lit only by the pillar candles that Steve had strategically placed after Peter had taken his picture earlier that afternoon. Bucky had informed him right before he and Sam had left that he’d successfully lit all of the candles, warning Steve to make sure that he and Tony made it upstairs before they all burned down.
"Yes," he murmured as he brought his arms up to bracket Tony's head, pressing their hips together as he leaned in. "Yes, I am. Táim chun grá a thabhairt duit go deo."
"You know, I just realised something," Ned said once they'd taken their seats. "Gwen's out sick today, but except for those few days that you were out after Liz's party you haven't been sick hardly at all this year, and you've always been the first to catch whatever it is that's going around. It's almost like Captain Rogers passed on his super-immunity to you somehow."
Peter did wonder if Papa and Dad realised yet that by telling him that much, they had just handed him his strongest argument for officially joining the team. Especially since Dad had named Peter an Avenger while still on the ship.
Peter smiled. "Oh, that's awesome. Can you tell her that I miss her when you see her?"
And not only did the set he was currently holding in his very own hands contain an actual first-edition printing of
"I love you," Steve whispered, his fingertips trailing down Tony's temple and cheek to his lips. "God, I love you so much."
"We're not gonna let that happen, Steve," Tony said. "We'll protect him."
Unlocking their door, Tony pushes it open so Peter can step in ahead of him.  After reminding him to take his wet swimming suit and towel out of his bag and hang them up, he shoos Peter off to the shower, then heads directly for the kitchen, and the coffeemaker that’s calling his name.
"Uh, okay."
to New York, that there wouldn't've been any reason for them to exist in the first place?"
“Dad’s right, Papa,” Peter said as he hurried over to Papa’s side, reaching for his other hand.  “You can do it!”
"I think… men who admitted that they were scared got called chicken shits," he muttered. "And I'm not, so—"
"Oh, tell me more, honey," Tony said with a grin. "You know how much I love it when you get to thinking."
"Well, aside from the fact that the climate in Calcutta was a helluva lot better, it's not too bad here," said Uncle Bruce. "Just a bit… cold. And way, way too much fish. I swear, after I leave here I'm never eating another fish. Like, ever in my life."
Natasha pursed her lips, glancing down at Peter. "Yes, he has. Are you sure you're feeling up to discussing it?"
"Pete, we've already moved the sceptre," Tony said quietly, once he was able to find his voice again. "That's the reason why we didn't come home right away, okay? It's not at the Compound anymore."
"Oh my God, Gwen!" Peter cried. "Daddy, where's—where is she? Is she—?"
Tony was in such a haze of want that he didn't even think about what Steve might find under his shirt until he'd already slipped it over his head. As soon as Steve tossed it onto the floor the worry wrinkle appeared between his eyebrows, his calloused fingertips gently tracing the faint scar bisecting the centre of Tony's chest.
Now that he and Dad had him, he didn't want to risk losing him.
"Okay," Steve whispered as his eyes fully closed. "Thank you."
He needed to be patient.  And for someone who had always struggled with being patient, that was likely going to be one of the most difficult monsters for Steve to conquer.
Steve thinks fondly.  Both of them fiercely loyal to their loved ones, and both unable to rest when those same loved ones are in danger.
"Yes, sweetheart, he was," answered Steve. "Scott was listed as one of the missing. But I'm telling you that he's here, now. Nat and I just spent about thirty minutes talking with him, and then I put him in one of the guest rooms 'cause he was about to drop from fatigue. But he's here. He drove clear across the country to get here."
And when he didn't, when he came home completely empty-handed after getting dumped from both of the relay teams—and having to watch those relay teams fail to medal—Ma simply hid the unused box away with her things and never mentioned a single word about it.
Choking back a sob, Tony yelped as he felt another sharp tug behind his navel, indicating he was being pulled from the tunnel. A second later he was standing back inside the training dome, dazed and confused as Steve rushed over to him.
"Oh, yeah," said Peter. He handed his father the magnifying glass, pointing to the minuscule dot on the floor. "He's right there."
"I know, babe. It'll only be until we can figure out what the hell happened."
"Buddy, how long has Steve been coming to see you there at the hospital?" Tony blurted out. May as well just get it all out in the open.
"No!" Peter hissed, thankfully not loud enough to be overheard. He tightened his fingers around his stack of books, squeezing his eyes closed as he tried to force the offensive images out of his mind.
"You don't have to tell me that, Steve," said Natasha. "And she's gonna be fine."
"Солдат?" the colonel asked again. "Вы слышите меня?"
Aside from the whole getting dressed up part, and the reason for it, Peter still wasn't quite used to the fact that their new house even had a "guest bedroom", much less one that was almost twice the size of his old bedroom at Grandpa's house. Peter's bedroom in the new house was huge too, complete with its own bathroom and two full sets of windows since it sat on the back corner of the house. The master bedroom, which was the largest, sat on the opposite back corner, and was so spacious that when they first toured the house after Peter's release from the hospital, Dad joked that he was afraid he was going to get lost in it.
The corners of Tony's lips quirked into a smile. "Yeah. I think we shall."
"That's awesome, Dad. I can't wait."
"All right then, fine. But make sure he's kept out of any of the lines of fire, you got that?"
"Well… yeah, but—"
"Okay," Peter said slowly. "And has there been any progress on finding out who else was involved?"
"I am on my way."
"I've come to get you out of this place."
"Tony," Steve gasped into his mouth, his arms tightening around him as he flipped around to lay Tony down on the bed, pulling off his shoes before crawling up to hover over him. "Tony, I—"
Maybe.
"Yeah, I know it," Tony said. "Can I go see him now?"
"Please, stop!" another voice cried, barely audible through the blood rushing past Peter's ears. "Leave him alone, he's only a boy!"
"Well, Cap, I sure hope this was worth it," he said as he began filling a 10cc syringe with a light amber liquid, flicking at a stubborn air bubble. Then he moved around to Steve's left side, swabbing the top of his arm with an alcohol pad as he prepared to inject him.
in return, Steve gave his cat one final pat before exiting the room, making sure to keep the door cracked so she could do her usual wandering throughout the store at night.  Then he headed back out into the main part of the store, watching as Tony grabbed Peter’s backpack from its spot behind the counter.
"That's a pretty broad question, Senator," Tony replied. "Could you be a bit more specific?"
“I need—I need to move,” he managed to sputter, forcing the words past his frozen throat as he tried to convince himself to stand back up, to keep going towards his destination.  Even if the bunker wasn’t heated, surely the structure itself would be warmer due to the simple fact that he would be indoors, out of the wind.
