“Hello Mr. Cas,” the classroom choruses.
Dean swallowed around a lump in his throat. “Cas, do… do you regret…”
Fact: he wants to wake up next to Cas every morning.
With a glance, Dean can see Cas staring straight ahead, jaw set. Dean grasps the steering wheel tighter, the leather cracking into his palms.
Dean stills, his wrist becoming limp in Castiel’s grasp. He stares at the floor, uncharacteristically quiet. “I should be used to it by now. He says that shit all the time.”
They stop in front of Faith’s house. Sam humorlessly grins at the broken window. “I see you already let yourself in.”
y'all are gonna hate me
The guy nods slowly. “Well… thank you for doing so.”
“Well hey there, boys. Didn’t know I would be getting a visit today.”
Charlie eyes him warily, biting into her food. “Okay, so since you speak English, what are you really doing here? I bet money that Dean lied about that, too.”
Sam shut the back passenger door, frowning. “Did you say something, Dean?”
"And a picnic, too. We gotta do a picnic on Baby's hood. Sammy and I used to do it all the time, when we went fishing. We can get burgers from that diner you liked a couple weeks back."
But, as quickly as they began to magnetize toward each other, Castiel and Dean abruptly become polarized and take a hasty step apart. Dean stands with his once outstretched hand clenched firmly at his side; Castiel uncomfortably looks at the floor.
As he drives home, he feels no lighter than he did that morning. He wants to see Cas, have a few drinks again. Maybe they could talk more about Cas’ angel family and Claire. Maybe Dean can study Cas’ eyes a little more and figure out just what kind of blue he would describe them as.
“We bought soup,” Eileen added with a smile. “It’s in the kitchen.”
Castiel can’t hear Dean’s reply; only the front door shutting. He can hear Dean’s heavy footfalls bring him back to the kitchen. Dean glares at Castiel, who hasn’t moved from his position by the counter, his hands behind his back.
Dean shifts the gear to park and twists the key. “All right. We get in, we get out. Just food for the next couple of days. And no doughnuts, okay? Don’t you think I forgot how they make your stomach hurt in the morning.”
“I love you, and I’m a coward for not telling you sooner, but I do. And I can’t imagine life without you. So, please, say something.”
The string tugged again, and then Dean saw himself kicking Cas out of the bunker for Sam’s safety, Cas accepting the backpack Dean handed to him without a word, standing there as Dean closed the bunker door.
“I’ll tell you.”
“I’ve been thinking it too.” Cas gestures up the stairs with a nod of his head. “I think we should research under the assumption that there could be two monsters competing for the same victim pool. They may find this neighborhood a viable killing area.”
Sam leaned forward, peering at Dean’s face. “Are you even listening to me?”
Cas folds his hands in front of him and says nothing. He scratches at a spot in the countertop. A plate of scrambled eggs, bacon, and toast is deposited in front of him moments later.
Dean shot a grin, devoid of any humor, toward Gabriel. “Great. So you both can fly us there.”
“No. Not intentionally. But we’ve been down this road too many times to be naive about it.” Sam swiped a hand through his hair, pursing his lips into a frown. “All I’m asking is that you’ll think about that choice. That you won’t just jump into self-sacrifice mode. Okay?”
Cas picks up the remaining box off the floor, rendering the tiny apartment officially empty. “Sure,” he sighs.
“I suppose you’re right.”
“Dean—” Cas says at the same time. “Oh, I’m sorry.”
“Yeah, good idea. Just don’t burn down the house or anything.” Dean’s joke falls a bit flat, his lips downturn in a frown, but Cas gives it a dry chuckle anyway.
“What is this, the 80’s? Move on, old man.”
“Hey,
A flash of blue light. His arm, almost by its own volition, was yanked out of the puddle, throwing Dean backward onto the ground. His back cracked against the ground, his flashlight flying behind him, the prism of light shooting around the cave.
“Great. Tell them we’re free.” Dean loads a pile of noodles and sauce into a bowl and brings it to the table for Cas.
They’re washing dishes after a hearty dinner of lasagna (Dean’s mom’s recipe), and Dean feels relaxed after a full Friday of teaching. Dean likes this part of the day the best: handing soapy dishes to Castiel for him to dry while he rambles about his day. Castiel always listens attentively, that not-really-a-smile flickering on his face. Dean knows that Cas is not on Earth to be friends with Dean, but he enjoys his company all the same.
have your radio on—I’m giving you the signal. That I’m finally coming to get you. And I’m—I’m scared, man. I’m downright fucking terrified. Of not being able to find you, of messing up somehow, of… of being trapped there. Which is unfair of me to be afraid of, I know, because you’ve been there
Dean sighs, eyes fluttering closed briefly before he says, “My brain felt like it was being put through a blender, for one. And, not to mention I kept remembering every painful memory that’s happened—from my first gunshot wound to my brother dying.” He shifts in his chair. “If Cas wasn’t there to help, I wouldn’t have even remembered where I was.”
“The Empty. I’ll take you there myself. Give you a distraction; then you can go looking for Castiel.”
“I don’t know how to go back,” Castiel confessed softly. He knew that Anna understood what he meant: he can’t go back and watch Dean and Lisa fall in love. He can’t facilitate that connection for the next few days, or months, or years. It hurt too much. “You know how I feel about Dean. You know that I’ve only been pushing through this mission because of the small
Giving Dean an exasperated look, Cas pointedly takes a bite of the sandwich. After he swallows, he says, “Tell me what you mean.”
“I just hope that she’s well.”
Dean is squished between Charlie and the new Biology teacher, Jo. They just finished a toast when Jo asks, cheeks tinged from her fourth Sidecar, “So, Dean, when are you and that
“Finally,” Jody said, throwing her hands up. “A voice of reason. We got everything set up already, just need that intel you said you had.” She took Eileen’s bag from her, eyebrows raised. “Think you’ll be able to fill us in?”
“No such thing,” Cas insists, capturing Dean’s mouth with his, not letting him give anymore excuses.
“So what the hell now?” May snaps into the silence. It makes Cas minutely jump.
get him are the ones where he and Cas can have a peaceful moment alone, hands clutched, letting the day pass away, and not caring about the danger lurking in the corners.
Castiel blinks up at the two men grappling with each other, blood from what must be a cut on his forehead hindering his vision. Dean wrestles John to the car and is pushing him against it, shouting at John to get a grip.
Gliding to where Gabriel had fallen to his knees, it tucked its palm under Gabriel’s chin, tilting his face.
so... this chapter was intensely personal to write. and i feel obligated to give a warning that is to do with depressed cas - read the (spoilery) endnotes if you need more info.
“Where the hell did you pull that out of your ass?” Dean scoffs.
“Nothin’. Just didn’t realize you got so friendly with the locals so soon.”
“I don’t want to, Sammy,” he says, defeated. “Not yet.”
Sighing, Cas continues, “I simply wanted to ‘clear the air’, as humans…” He trails off. Looks like he’s eaten something sour. With a breath, he continues, “As the saying goes. I… I have thought a lot about things, over the past year. I wanted to explain to you, to—”
Needing distraction to shut up his own thoughts, Dean nudges Cas’ knee with his socked foot. “Find anything?”
Cas’ first solo hunt was, in a word, disastrous.
“Huh? Oh. Dean. Ask for Dean. That’s me, I—” The man, Dean, shakes his head as if to get himself to stop talking. He reaches out a hand. “It’s nice to meet you, uh—”
“I did find that odd.”
Peeking up over her laptop screen, Donna asked, “You mean Cody Piers? Yeah, talked to him and his uncle over there. Already sent a couple of people from Minnesota to go help them out.”
“Cas—”
Striding forward with a confidence that he doesn’t feel, Castiel places his cupid observation notebook firmly on her desk. “I want to be taken off Dean Winchester’s case,” he announces.
choose to live.” Cas tilted his head, a smile pulling at his lips. “It wasn’t a sacrifice, giving up my grace. It was a gift.”
of them, ones that we killed all coming back to life. It could be catastrophic.”
John standing over him; yelling at him not to let sacrifice people, as Danny’s body, eyes open and unseeing and blood sprayed everywhere, lies just five feet away.
Cas gently puts
“But it’s a
“Oh. Yeah. Sorry, long day.” He leans forward on the table, forcing a grin on his face. “I’m fine.”
“I think I know too,” Sam pipes up.
Castiel didn’t have strong childhood memories of his own to offer Dean in return.
“You’re not bad at everything,” Dean says, softly. “I didn’t mean it like that.” He shifts in his seat. “Sorry.”
A day went past. Then two. And the other shoe didn’t drop.
Cas’ head peeks up over the fridge door, a judgmental eyebrow raised. “As I recall, your life completely revolves around food. I had assumed you took a trip to the grocery store.”
Dean gives his brother a suspicious glance. Sam suddenly seems uncomfortable. Nonetheless, Dean drives on.
“You think they’re fake?” Cas asks, digging around in the collection of tapes.
Dean breathed heavily, forcing himself to calm down. He jabbed a finger at Gabriel. “
Dean didn’t answer. John grabbed him by the shoulder, and by the way Dean winced, it must have hurt. John said, in a low tone, “This is a lesson, Dean. A
“You really don’t ever come up here and sit?” he had asked, squinting up at Dean. His nose was scrunched in that way when he was confused—Dean tried not to take it personally that it was usually directed at him. “It’s really beautiful up here. You and Sam should take the time to sit out here sometimes.”
“We know from experimental research that single particles of antimatter are fine, but anything more on Earth can be catastrophic,” Eileen said.
Castiel looks up from his eggs that he’s pushing around aimlessly on his plate. He shakes his head.
Castiel blinks, completely thrown by this change in attitude in Dean. “I don’t see how your rear-end will help my observations.”
Cas hoists himself onto the bed, sitting at the very end.
Dean normally doesn’t make it a habit to read on the job. It’s not exactly discouraged; he’s the only one that works the night shift. By the time 9PM rolls around, most of the re-shelving and tidying up has already been done by the combined efforts of him and the librarian during the previous shift. Not to mention that it’s completely dead throughout his shift until closing time.
“Cas would do it for me,” Dean said. “You know he would.”
-Henry David Thoreau, Walden
“Then
Until the trials began;
“Because this whole thing has been awfully one-sided. You observe me, live in my house, and I don’t know anything about you. I don’t even know your last name!”
“I could lose
“Stop,” Dean said as he pulled at the grass, trying to get closer. “Please,
The glass door slid open, squeaky rubber on plastic. Dean and Cas paused, still tangled in each other, glancing at the sound. Claire stood in the doorway, arm outstretched and hand on the handle, her mouth unhinged and gaping.
Jack shook his head. “I didn’t know there were portals yet. They must have existed, but…” He took a breath. “The Empty found me. I tried to bargain to get Castiel. But it was angry. And Amara—she got angry. And she took over. She blasted the Empty, yanked us back to Earth. I couldn’t do anything about it.” He stared at his hands, sniffling. “It took me weeks to get back in control again.”
“I can take you,” Dean says distractedly. As Lisa smiles wider at that idea, he thinks that maybe Cas would like to visit Mary’s bookshop, too.
“Yeah, a suburb, not a scene out of
“So,” she says, finally settling down, “is he a good roommate?”
Castiel is about to fit his key into his apartment door when he hears the voices: Dean’s gruff baritone mixed with a lilting melodic voice.
It was a plea.
Castiel closes his eyes and catches his mind that is intent on once again trailing away. “My proposal was that you go on only one date with Lisa. If, after this one date, you decide that there is no hope or future for the both of you, I promise to leave you alone and report back to Heaven that the mission was a failure.”
Somehow, the room’s silence got more deafening.
Cold trickling down his spine, Dean could only stare.
Castiel pokes his head from the blanket flung over his head. He blinks at Dean who stands in the doorway, framed in the morning light, hair disheveled and expression wide and smiling. “Excuse me?” he grits out.
“Okay, fine, maybe that’s true. But the pain makes all of us think selfish shit. And it’s how we act on it. Not the fact that we felt it at all.”
“You’re such a
“Cas!” Dean shakes his arm. “Why are you being such an asshole?”
Dean’s shoulders slouch. “I always knew that, Cas. I never blamed you for sayin’ that stuff.” He licks his lips, still can’t look Cas in the eye. “Just… you left. The going got bad, and you just cut and run. You gotta stick around when shit gets hard.”
He eyes her warily, slowly lowering the book. “Something’s wrong.”
“Dean!” Sam runs to catch up, hair flopping. “Dean, we can’t just go barging in there. We need a plan.”
“They can’t be that terrible,” Cas says. He meanders around a large rock in the path.
“So,” Cas repeats.
Dean, with this newly acquired knowledge, follows Cas’ gaze to the shower handle in his grasp. “You’ve, uh… never taken a shower before?”
“Like… violent interrogation?” Dean grimaces.
“I feel the same as usual.”
Dean breaks the stare and abruptly chugs his shot, slamming the glass onto the coffee table. “All right,” he says, the alcohol barely affecting him as a seasoned drinker, “my turn. Why did you get demoted?”
“There’s someone at the door,” Cas hisses, grabbing his arm and pulling him from the floor. “You need to clean your things up before I answer it.”
Visibly stiffening, Dean says, “Uh, no. He moved here from Louisiana. I met him after graduating college.”
Pocketing the knife under his own jacket, Cas quickly assesses their surroundings. They’re alone in the hallway indicating that whoever attacked Dean already fled. The silver knife on the ground is an indication that Dean thought there was an imminent threat to fight against, yet there are no weapons nearby that suggest what Dean was attacked with. Cas holds up Dean’s head and assesses it for injuries, finding none. No blood on the floor either, which makes something tight in Cas’ chest unfurl.
like Cabaret,” Dean scoffed. He avoided the eyes of the waitress who frowned at him curiously as she passed.
“No I didn’t,” Dean whispers. “I didn’t.”
Charlie?”
He walks down the hall to the room where Cas sleeps. He puts a hand on the knob; hears Cas roll over on the bed inside, the bedsprings groaning.
“Are you connecting with Lisa? Are you feeling anything for her?” Mary pries.
A brief look of panic flashed across Jack’s face; his mouth hinged open as he groped for the words.
He tries to concentrate on the conversation, but all he can think about is the tense set of Dean’s shoulders as he gave Cas a wave goodbye.
“Only when you were working,” Cas reminds him, quietly.
Cas looks up from his cereal, hair sticking up in impossible ways and squinting at Sam. “More sleep sounds amenable.”
“Whatever, I dunno,” Dean replies distractedly. “How the hell do we know May and Bob aren’t the shady ones, huh? They keep asking us for background info, but what about them? What if they’re the monsters?”
Dean grunts as he clicks on Faith’s wifi to hack into. She deserves it, anyway. “Got anything useful in there about Vetala? Or psychic attacks?”
, feeling that brokenness inside him knit itself whole.
The Empty barked out a laugh. “An angel blade? You think that’ll stop me?” It jutted its chin toward the space behind Dean’s shoulder. “I just caught myself an
alone.
“Charlie hacked into Heaven’s computer database and found it for me. She’s really good at that kind of stuff.”
Exchanging worried looks, the boys turned on their heels, running back toward town. Dean rubbed at his forehead as he held the phone up to his ear, listening to the tinny ring.
There are other clues, too: instead of watching Dean with focused blue eyes in the back of the classroom, Cas stares blankly at his shoes or out the window, lost in thought. He eats less at dinner and just smiles weakly at Dean instead of offering any conversation back. After Dean goes out to a quick dinner with Lisa on Wednesday night, he comes home to find Cas clutching
“I was not—”
Castiel calmly stares Dean down, watching his bloodshot green eyes slowly lose its madness. His erratic breathing makes his whole body shake as he stares wildly at Castiel. They both keep their positions, waiting for the other to move.
“Well… no. No pets. Although I was thinking of getting a cat.” Castiel glances at Fluffy, who is grooming a naked paw. “One with fur.”
Instead, a surprising new friendship is defiantly blossoming.
“Hello?” Cas asks over the receiver.
“Where—” Dean coughed, his voice hoarse. “Where is he? How do I—”
Castiel holds the phone closer to his ear, listening intently. “Dean? Hello?”
“You know we can’t have kids biologically, right?” Dean mutters, taking a swig of whiskey.
A flicker of pride lit in Dean’s chest as he grinned. “Hey. You’re listening to your body more. Good job.”
Dean’s head lolled, tilting up to Sam. He smiled, a weak and feeble thing. “Hey, Sammy.”
dreams.
“Unfortunately… yes,” Jack admitted.
Castiel nods. “Dean is the assignment that’s meant to redeem my actions.”
“That…” Dean clears his throat and hates how hot his cheeks are. “That sounds good.”
“Sorry, go on.”
“Start what over again?” Cas asked.
Frowning at his bright green eyes, Castiel minutely leans away as Dean presses his body into his personal space. He can feel Dean’s leg against his, and Dean’s hand lightly brushing Castiel’s side. “You’re flirting with me to try and make me uncomfortable,” he realizes, incredulously.
“You don’t know if you could lose one again,” Dean finishes. He sees Cas nod.
“Just—tell me, man.”
She immediately is attentive, coming around the back of her desk and taking Dean’s hand in hers. “What happened? Did he hurt you?”
Anna squeezes his shoulder. “I’ll let you rest.”
“Whatever you want it to be.”
“It’s a model home, Dean,” Sam explains.
Cas closes his eyes. “Can we find somewhere to sit?”
And that’s all it takes for the conversation to take off—Cas and the woman just start rambling on about freaking
Dean tilted his head, grin widening. “Okay, kid, here’s the thing. We can do this the hard way or the easy way.” He pulled out his fake badge, flashing the emblem. “Easy way is you tell me what I want to know, I move on. Hard way is that I tell your parents where you’re thinking of going tonight, and you get grounded for probably the foreseeable future. Which one you want?”
Castiel rips his gaze from the man’s very piercing, very green eyes. “Yes. I’m having a problem with my garden. I think it needs fertilizer.”
With a quick roll of his eyes, Sam grabbed Dean’s arm before he toppled to the ground. “Jack said your body would be weak and that you shouldn’t push it.”
-Henry David Thoreau, Walden
Cas’s brow creased. His sharp eyes trailed across Dean’s face. “Are you all right?”
Dean chose not to open
,” he repeated dubiously.
John is a sore subject for them to discuss. Dean sticks by his dad from a sense of duty, while Sam had given up on the old man a long time ago. The last time Sam and John spoke, Dean was nursing John’s black eye and busted lip (not that it was unwarranted; Sammy lost his cool when John started drunkenly slurring about what a bitch Mary was for leaving him in the first place).
The man barks out a laugh. He comes around the corner, holding a large box propped on his hip. “And you’ve been watering them? Pulling any weeds around them?”
“Either way,” Bob says, grabbing his gun from the table and tucking it into his coat, “she’s the best suspect we got, now that we know you two are clean.”
It makes a clean cut. They all watch her head roll across the floor.
“I thought you were
Sucking in a breath, Dean continued, “I guess all I’m saying is—is wait for me. Okay? Don’t go pissing off the Empty again, or making any new wacky deals. Don’t go—”
He scoffs, but there’s still a glimmer of fear in John’s eyes when he sees the fire behind Castiel’s eyes. “As you wish,
“I hope you know that I’m here, if you need anything.” She leaned toward Dean, voice lowering. “I can imagine that things have been hard. But Claire’s torn up about it, too. So if you could get in a word with her…”
Flipping open the front cover of the notebook, Castiel uncaps his pen and begins to write about his first contact meeting with Lisa Braeden.
Dean pulled up his sleeve. Impressively, Jack had thought out this new body down to the detail; the watch that Sam gave him for his birthday a few years ago was still attached on his wrist. He squinted at the clock face.
Dean’s eyes flicker around the room, lost. “I… I don’t know.”
Dean swung his incredulous look to Jack, who sighed and assured him, “It’s not as bad as he says.”
He opened his eyes.
“Geesh, give you just a little bit of power, and it all goes to your head,” Dean mutters.
“I’ll make a list for you,” Cas decides with a nod.
And even though he knows that when this hunt is over, when they go back to their regular lives, that this fake relationship will be impossible to maintain, Dean nevertheless can’t help but soak in the moments; soak in Cas.
“—don’t know if it’ll work,” Jack was saying softly as Dean came into earshot. “But I know that I hate being this, doing… this. If there’s a way I’ll take it.”
“Losing his family.”
Cas can only stare, voice temporarily stolen, as Sam impatiently elbows Dean in the side.
There’s a ghost of a smile on Cas’ lips when he meets Dean’s eyes. “But you’re not logical, Dean. That’s why I enjoy your company.”
Blinking, Dean snaps his mouth shut with a
This makes Blue Eyes give a disarmingly genuine smile. “That’s great.”
Castiel sits up, realizing he won’t get any sleep just yet. He rubs a drowsy eye with his fist. “If you like her, Dean, then my opinion doesn’t matter in this situation.”
dealing with. He’s so dysfunctional that I’m over at his house twice a week cleaning the damn place and buying him meals.”
He can feel Cas’ arms slowly brace against Dean’s back. Cas buries his face into his shoulder. “I think I’m ready to go home,” he murmurs into Dean’s coat.
next week: dean gets some answers, and plans to go to the empty get in motion!
“What do you speak?” a boy gasps.
Dean stares after him, mouth agape. Charlie slides over and leans on her broom. “Well, we know one thing,” she says. “That admirer is probably leaving you notes instead of talking to you because you’re a disaster at flirting.”
“Fuck.” A hand against his shoulder to steady it, Dean runs across the street and to the alley. Garbage cans belonging to the residents line the pavement; a few errant boxes and bags litter the ground.
“This isn’t junk,” Dean protests, “this was from my junior year in high school.” He carefully puts the crop top on the bed, letting out a sigh. “What a time of sexual discovery.”
“Didn’t he tell you that he is having trouble connecting with his soulmate?”
“Eileen and Jody are pretty happy about that,” Claire said. “There was a whole new wave of demons in North Dakota. They had to go take care of them while you were doing crime in the Empty.”
Castiel is struggling to pull a sweater over his head when he hears a voice from the doorway: “Hey. You’re out of bed.”
“We can go back and forth on this all day,” Anna says sharply, “but what is important right now is me continuing to use my grace to heal Castiel. Your temper and impatience isn’t going to make things better. This isn’t even the hard part of the situation.”
“It wasn’t that there was nothing,” Jack said quietly, “just that there wasn’t something.”
“We have to keep him here for another few days, if your mother doesn't mind housing him for a while longer,” Anna says softly. “Tensions are still high in Heaven. We can’t risk Naomi finding him.”
“It’s called a gut feeling, Cas. Every good hunter’s got a strong one. And I agree with you; they don’t fit the bill.” His eyes catch movement on the right side of the bleachers; he sees Faith, wrapped in a denim jacket and making her way up the stairs. “My money’s on someone else.”
When the door opens to Dean’s sullen glare, Castiel realizes that maybe it’s rude (according to human customs) to show up unannounced so early in the morning.
The quiet moment hangs far too long. But Dean doesn’t pull away; instead gently disentangles his shirt from the confines of Cas’ fingers.
ALSO HEY BIG ANNOUNCEMENT everyone please check out the
Dean takes it as a good sign.
“I’m not a
Castiel has heard that phrase before. Claire used to yell it at him accusingly, when he would be overprotective of her safety with boys and recklessly climbing up slides on the playground backwards. She always grumbled how hard it was to have an ‘angel mom’.
Dean’s eyes fling from Castiel’s to Sam’s. He abruptly shifts his legs under the table, his knee hitting a table leg and clattering the dishes. “Uh, fine,” he says, apparently attempting to sound casual, “nothing to report.”
“Angels don’t drink.”
“Need anything else?”
“Okay. If you say so. But be careful, please? What happened with Claire is still fresh, and you don’t have your grace to defend against that grief. Just, be careful.”
As he turns to make his way back the bedroom, the door swings open and hits the side of the wall, making him jump. Cas is standing in the doorway, eyes bloodshot and hair scattered every which way. There is something metallic clutched in his white-knuckled fist.
Dean looks up from where he’s staring at the ground; with rapid blinks, he stares up at Cas like he’s just noticing his presence. “What happened?”
“Don’t want to talk about it.” He leans a hip against the counter, avoiding Castiel’s eyes as he takes a long gulp of beer. His countenance is tired, and his smile has lost its usual shine.
Sore and winded, he carefully climbed to his knees, blinking snowflakes from his eyelashes.
Dean scrunches his nose, between a laugh and a look of confusion. Castiel finds it endearing. “What the heck do you want to read that for?” he asks.
adds a traitorous voice in Dean’s head. “Can we just move on from this?”
Dean sprinted down the hallway. He heard the Empty following him in measured steps. Dean caught up to Cas, reaching for him, shouting his name as his hand landed solidly on his arm. Cas’s surprised eyes met his for just a moment before the scene around him flashed blue, everything falling away when—
So, lovely readers, this chapter is angsty. According to one of my betas, the angstiest one I've written so far. So, proceed with caution. There's no warnings, just... angst.
, if you wanna spread around this fic for whatever reason
“Of course he wouldn’t. He’s Cas. And he didn’t want to worry you—he wanted your soulmate connection with Lisa to happen naturally, with no force. That’s what he told me.”
“I haven’t been ‘down’,” Castiel says petulantly. He sits up and rubs at his tired eyes, realizing sleep is impossible at this point.
Closing his eyes, Cas drew in a breath. “I.. I was at peace with the deal. I knew that it’d make me leave you, leave Jack and Sam, but I was at peace with it. Because I knew that it would be the only thing that would save you.”
“I think we need to stop bursting in on each other’s place of employment.”
Castiel had let his rush of emotions for this blonde and messily pig-tailed girl that was now his charge bring him to one knee. He kept his hand gently clasped to her small shoulder as he stared very seriously into her watery blue eyes.
“Is this ranked in order of suspicion?” Cas asks.
Sam, ever the overprotective oaf, makes excuses to pop in and out of the house throughout the week; “Jess asked me to come pick up that DVD you borrowed of hers, Dean” or “Still need help fixing that leaky faucet in the downstairs bathroom?” or “Can you take a look at my car? Something’s rattling under the hood.”
“The interference was that you
“What are you seeing now?” Cas asks.
Sam rolls his eyes as he taps at his phone screen. “Dean, I told you that this case is in a suburban development.”
"Well, that's your opinion. And by the way, it's a stupid one."
Dean jogs after him, saying accusingly, “That’s not really an answer, you know.”
“She’s nice.”
Cas shakes his head. “How can you even stand to look at me, Dean? Or even forgive me. That note…”
The mug shakes in Cas’ hands. He grips it tighter “I see,” is all he can choke out.
“Dean,” Cas says gently, bending down next to him. “We need to get to the house.”
Dean licked his lips. Admitted softly, “I…I um. Had a panic attack yesterday. In the bathroom, while you were sitting with Gabriel and Jack.”
if you needed anything else.”
!” Gabriel hollered from the portal. “Are we going today or next year? Let’s get a move on.”
“Sounds badass.”
Faith clucks and reaches forward, putting a hand to Dean’s forehead. Every instinct in Cas rises in him and he has to resist smacking her hand away.
She leans back in her chair. “Well, I already know what it’s about.”
“Fine.” Castiel straightens, adjusting his sweatshirt. He belatedly realizes it isn’t his usual formal trench coat. “When one resists meeting their soulmate, Heaven—specifically, the Cupid faction—takes notice. Especially when one soulmate wants to make a connection, and the other is resistant. As you probably know, it’s very rare for someone to
“Took a fun romp through his mind as soon as he got here, you know,” the Empty said, wiggling its fingers. “When I get a new angel in here I usually just feed on their grace and call it a day, but there’s just so much delicious
Dean leans over the kitchen island, elbows propped, hands folded together. He shoots Sam a glare. “Fifty eight minutes,” he says.
Cas and Dean stare at each other.
<3 let me know what you thought. i know i still haven't finished up reply to everyone's comments in the last chapter, but i will soon, promise.
“Just.” Cas’ fingers flex. “Give me a stick, I don’t care.”
here.”
“This is a
Dean’s eyes shot open and he gasped a huge burst of air. Blinking blearily, he glared up at Cas. “Warn a guy, won’t you,” he grumbled, rubbing at his chest.
“Damn it,” Dean gritted out, grabbing at his hair. “Damn it, damn it—”
Castiel gives her an enigmatic smile in return, taking a small bite out of his sandwich.
During his nightly dinners with Dean, a time he once found calming, he finds himself tripping over his words inexplicably whenever Dean flashes a smile at him over the table.
“She cares about you. When you’re not looking, she gives you these glancing smiles, like people do when they like someone. And they’re genuine. She picks up your messes, which is always a good thing because you’re sort of a slob.” Dodging Dean’s swatting hand, he continues, “And she’s pretty. Beautiful, even. The kind of…” He clears his throat, feeling that fuzzy sensation in his throat again. “The kind of girl you bring home to your parents. Like you said.”
, Cas. Put something good in, would you?”
“Charlie…” He looks at her suspiciously. “What do you know?”
Dean falls back in his chair, arms crossed. “I hate all of you.”
“I could attempt to come in earlier,” Cas offers, brow furrowing as he seems to think through that scenario. “My teaching schedule doesn’t allow for much room, but if I were to bring my dinner—”
Crossing his arms tight into his chest, Dean shrugged. “That quack therapist Sam took me to suggested finding ways of grieving and letting go. I didn’t want to do that, since I was going to get you back. So I did the opposite.”
Dean waits approximately five seconds after Castiel leaves to punch the air with his fists. He gives Silas Marner a big kiss. “Thank you George Eliot, you beautiful broad,” he whispers to the cover.
Castiel’s eyes widen, and he tries to sit up in the bed, his elbows slipping against the sheets. Anna pushes his shoulder back into the mattress. “Don’t worry, no one is hurt. It happened pretty smoothly; Michael shut her down in a flash. She’s behind bars until we can figure out what to do with her.”
“Thanks,” Dean said, hesitantly pocketing the angel blade into his jacket. He nodded at the light emulating from Gabriel’s fingers. “Think I can get some of that too?”
Castiel nods. The door shuts firmly in front of his face. With a resigned slump of his shoulders, Castiel leans against the wall, eyes closed.
“I know I was. In hindsight, anyway.”
“No.” Cas held the mixtape protectively in his lap. “Dean gave it to me for long road trips. Since I can’t fly.”
The phone in Jody’s hand clicked as Donna answered it. “What the heck do you want? I saw you thirty seconds ago.”
Castiel clenches the fabric of his pants, bunched at the knees, willing himself not to take the bait. “If this whole thing is some sort of ridiculous self-punishment—”
Sam reached out for the whiskey. Dean handed it to him. Tilting it back, Sam took a long gulp.
“As doornails,” Gabriel agreed, running a finger over his throat. “Turns out that grace bomb of Cassie’s worked.”
“You’re not coming home! Your shit is packed up and you’re leaving!” Dean steps forward, hands out imploringly. “You need to just listen to me, for
Dean raised his head. “Yeah?”
Dean opens his mouth to ask what’s wrong, when a gun cocks behind him. “Fuck,” he sighs. Bob’s gun pushes into his back.
Gently, Dean guided Cas to twist around and sit on the edge of the bed while Dean climbed on top of him. “Lucky for you, my knees haven’t gone yet.”
As Dean is shoving a sandwich into his bag, Castiel responds, “Not when we have a job to do.”
Castiel opens his eyes. Dean’s own are closed and his head is bowed. The silence soaks the room as Castiel lays there, his eyes fixated on a point beyond Dean’s shoulder, waves of helplessness rising in him once again. He’s graceless, human, and thoroughly useless to everyone. He wonders how many days people have had to shift their schedules for him, for Dean to pace the halls restlessly, unable to sleep, probably missing work because of him.
“Neither,” Cas grumbles with a roll of his eyes. “I’ve spent time alone with her. I don’t get a threatening air from her.”
“I picked up books that I thought were useful,” Cas argues, “and since I didn’t have a permanent residence I only had one place to put them.”
Dean turns at him, shocked. “That was five days ago, Cas.” As Castiel is nodding in affirmation, Dean’s brain catches onto Cas’ words and he spurts, “Wait, whaddaya mean
And his eyes are so goddamn
“Oh.” Claire switches to black paint for the bee’s stripes. “You know, I wouldn’t have even done this,” she says with a sigh, the man’s silence making her feel chatty, “but if I want a shot at college…”
“Yeah,” Dean agrees. He pointedly doesn’t look in Cas’ direction as he says it.
“Charlie.”
(if you prefer to yell at me on tumblr then
“Won’t the Empty notice that Jack is searching in there?” Eileen asked, wrapping her jacket tighter against the wind.
(See the end of the chapter for
They let the sound of the clock on the kitchen wall fill the silence for a few moments. Cas says, “I’m sorry that happened to you, Dean. And that it still affects you.”
Dean chuckles, “You read my footnotes, huh?”
Nothing.
Roughly pushing the shift into drive, Dean jerks the car forward. “One hour,” he grits out, “then I’m getting the fuck out of here.”
this story has been amazing, but strange, to write. i feel like i've gone through ever stage of grief about the finale 4 times. on one hand, i'm sad to end this arc of the story, because i've LOVED sharing it with all of you - but on the other hand, i'm relieved. I'm excited to write a sequel with these fools and just kind of do whatever I want with the canon world rather than trying to fix somebody else's (coughsinger&dabbcough) mess. But overall it's been healing. And now I'm ready to let the finale completely go.
“Only you found that funny, Dean.”
Dean sighs, running his fingers through his hair. “I guess.”
Dean scrubbed a hand over his face, sighing. “Yeah. We didn’t exactly do the best job looking out for him while you were…” He swallowed hard, finishing lamely, “...gone.”
“I care,” Sam said in a small voice. “He cared.”
Dean smiles, feeling something he didn’t even know was tight unclench in his chest. “That sounds good to me.”
“Anna points them out to me sometimes. Cupids just have a less serious air about them. They’re almost obnoxiously cheerful. You just don’t fit that description.” Charlie smiles softly at her sandwich. “Anna is my guardian angel, by the way. Oh, hey! You might know her!”
Shaking his head, Cas says, “I don’t see why rules are pertinent in the first place.”
“I’ve never read it,” Cas admits, almost sadly.
“It’s more likely than if you shut this door on me right now.”
“We can’t fight something—or even kill it—if we don’t know what it is, Cas.”
Cas leans closer to Dean. His breath is hot on Dean’s cheek. “Which one is that?”
“I won’t, Dean.”
“Well, here, you can borrow it!” Dean whisks the book off the shelf and enthusiastically shoves it into Cas’ hands. “It’s got everything: drama, romance, intrigue… and the ending is kind of sad and controversial, but in a poignant way. You’d have to read it to understand.”
“No,” Dean barks, a finger jabbed at him. “
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean grumbles, eyes already closed and head already burrowing into the pillow.
“What? No, dude!” The Impala swerves as Dean attempts to bat Cas’ hand away.
Dean snorts. He scuffs the dirt with the toe of his shoe. “Listen, Cas…”
Castiel kicks the desk with the toe of his foot, making it rattle. “Are you even listening to me?”
“I’d rather stay ignorant,” Cas admits with a small not-there smile on his lips, making Claire actually let out a laugh.
“You always were the sensitive one, between you and Sam,” John continues, seemingly not even aware of his situation or surroundings anymore. “You would bring in wounded birds and—ha!—friggin
Dean remained standing, his hands shoved into his pockets, rocking back on his heels as Jody dialed the number. He scanned the pictures on the walls: of Alex and Claire hunched over a cake, Claire rolling her eyes but with a small smile on her face, of a small candid one of Kaia and Claire cuddled under a blanket on the screened-in porch. Towards the center of the wall was a large one with them all sitting at the table with Christmas decorations, Donna’s grinning face half-tilted in the frame as she took the selfie over her shoulder. Dean couldn’t help but smile at that one.
Castiel doesn’t feel its effect quite as acutely as it did before. He watches as Dean hugs his mother goodbye, and they walk back in silence to the car.
“He’s, uh… home,” Dean says quickly. “With a book. He needs a little time to recover.”
“Since when you’d learn first aid?” Dean snorts.
Dean stares at him a moment. Imagines saying,
The car shook with a sudden jerk. Outside the windshield, the sky grew dark and grey. Eyes wide and frantic, Cas opened the car door, stumbling outside.
Setting a fork and napkin on either side of his plate, Mary tilts her head in Dean’s direction. “I think Dean would be very upset with you if you left without warning. We know what happened last time you did that.”
“You realize you sound a little nutty, going on about apocalypses that don’t exist?” May scoffs. “Next thing you’ll be saying is that angels are real.”
“Ah.” Sam sips his coffee; sucks at his teeth. “I don’t think you need to worry about it. I finally figured out what she was. Found an obscure blog post about someone who apparently hooked up with one of her kind? I dunno, he was rambling but the situation sounded the same.”
“My mom had that book when I was growing up. I used to read through it all the time. It’s one of the reasons I applied for this job!” She leans forward, eyes now alight with interest. “Are you going to identify some wildflowers?”
“You didn’t hurt me, Dean. It’s all right.”
“Easy as pie, Cas,” Dean counters sarcastically. He doesn’t ask why Cas has a silver knife in his pack, or where he got it from. They share a significant, loaded look before tumbling back into the Impala.
if this was painful to read, just remember, fluff coming up soon<3
“Dean?”
Castiel is jolted to the present when the pages of his notebook flutter dangerously in the wind. He blinks, seeing the mother and daughter retreating in the distance, their hands linked.
Eyes flickering to Dean’s, Cas says slowly, “Oh… no, nothing wrong. Dean simply had food poisoning.”
Dean didn’t reply. He stared at the setting sun until his eyes watered. The hole in his chest howled.
Dean freezes. “What?”
explosion…”
Needless to say, he’s not in a chummy mood when he returns home from he and Lisa’s ‘date’.
Sam smiled gently. “They can handle it, Dean. They’re more than capable. Not like Rick Johnson and those vampires.”
Raising a hand in surrender, the man says, “Hey, you’d be surprised the stories I get from other customers.” He deposits the box onto the counter. “Well, this should help—good old fashioned plant food. Works for most things you’re trying to grow.”
Around them, although they barely notice, the students burst into raucous cheers.
Dean pushes against the table to stand and leaves the room.
“There was a nurse,” Castiel says. He vaguely points to his swollen left eye. “Stitches.” He can’t meet the younger Winchester’s eyes. It makes no sense that Sam’s being gentle or caring to someone who so tragically and stupidly let his older brother down. If anything, Sam should be shoving lawsuit papers underneath Castiel’s nose.
rules, I’ll have absolutely no bargaining chip to use to get Claire’s memories back, or to argue that I should be her guardian again.”
“Yup,” Dean replies. He smacks a mosquito that has landed on his bare neck. “Fucking suburbs,” he says while glaring at the bloody insect body on his palm.
that—I just didn’t want to see you get hurt.”
“No,” Dean whispered, stumbling forward. “No, Cas—”
Cas traces his fingers against the corner of the paperback spine, shoulders hunched like they normally get when he’s uncomfortable. “I didn’t mean to steal it. It’s just… a very significant book to me.”
“Either way, the tear is probably getting wider as we speak,” Jack said. “The best I can give you is equivalent to about a day here. That day could be longer in the Empty, but… either way, I have to pull you out when the time is up. It’s too dangerous otherwise..”
Cas’s voice warned.
Hours pass. The sun dips below the horizon, taking any remaining warmth with it. The cloudy sky leaks an icy rain; the house’s veranda barely keeps the moisture off Castiel’s back. He begins to shudder violently. He thinks he may be too cold.
?” Cas volleys.
to be just around the corner. That it was all ‘meant to be’; that since Heaven designated it, everything would work out.”
and Dean watches the news. He leans into Dean's side and smiles fondly as Dean grades his student's worksheets, all the while relaying stories to Castiel about his students that week.
But one stuck out, more than all the rest. Even if it wasn’t particularly earth-shattering. Arguably normal, even. And he was just drunk enough to let it slip past his defenses.
A shadow cast over Dean as Sam stood in the sun’s way. “Can I sit?”
Cas’s voice said gently.
It should have been him.
“That doesn’t mean you can’t be hurt, too.”
“Peachy.” Dean shot her a likely unconvincing smile. “Be back in a minute.” He strode across the living room to avoid any more questions. Pulling open the sliding glass door to the backyard, the quickest escape he could find, he stepped onto the porch.
She smiles, strained, at him. “Sweetheart, you’ve always been caught in the middle.” She flashes a look at Sam. “Both of you. And I’m very sorry for that. I never wanted you to feel like he had to ever pick sides; but you chose mine. You take care of your father, nobly; but you’ve always had my back in this whole divorce situation.” She sighs. “But your faith in me is misplaced.”
“There are good hunters out there. Just some need more… training.”
Dean clears his throat, stands straighter. He fights the familiar acidic feeling in his gut. “Smart of you,” he says, gruffly. “First thing we did was look for hits on your ID. After looking at John Does in morgues in the area, obviously.”
“It’s my fucking nightmare.”
Huffing out a soft laugh, Cas said, “Yes. He’s very happy about that.” He rubbed a finger against the dark circles under his eyes, his expression curious. “I think I’m tired.”
!” Dean huffs, throwing up his hands and stalking to the kitchen.
Too much goddamn love.
“We could adopt,” Cas says.
“Dean.” Cas’s tone was insistent.
Castiel rises. Anna’s urgent grip on his wrist stops him. “I’ll be fine,” he says with a false smile down at her worried eyes.
“My grace has been able to sustain good hygiene until now.” Cas keeps blinking dumbly at the shower handle. “That is no longer the case.”
He was only gone for ten minutes, he thinks desperately. Or twenty. How long was he standing outside?
Castiel shakes his head, his mouth opening but only a strangled sound coming forth where his voice is supposed to be.
“Yes.” Cas’ eyes fixate on the green of the book’s cover. “That passage in particular… helped me see clarity. After I left, I… read that passage countless times.”
“I tried to explain!” Dean rises to go to the fridge, “At the bar that night when we met, I told her that even though I’m her soulmate, I guarantee that she wants nothing to do with me and that she’s better off finding some close second to spend the rest of her life with.”
Dean tentatively reached out a hand, pressed it against Cas’s chest. His head sank low, his forehead pressing against Cas’s shoulder.
Cas doesn’t turn. “I’d rather not.”
“Excuse me?”
“Let’s just say it was good Eileen and I were there to assist when he, uh… ran away.”
important.”
Cas willingly turns his face, giving Dean an unreadable look. Claire sees Dean stare at him back, something in his face softening.
“I’m sorry,” Cas says, his hand now on Dean’s shoulder.
“Doesn’t matter where everyone’s sittin’,” says Bob, “as long as we have eyes on who we suspect the monster is.”
“Dean.” Cas lays a hand on his tense shoulder. “I’m prepared. I know the drill.”
At the base of the hill was a small army of construction trucks. Men in orange vests stood in a loose circle, blinking lazily into the sun as a bulldozer pushed itself into the pile of rubble. Only a pile of dirt and rocks remained of the cave.
“It just plays into the whole ‘perfect for each other’ thing,” Sam shoots back.
The blue thread floated in front of them, bright and vibrant against the rain. Cas pulled away from Dean, his hand outstretched. Outside the shell was a deafening, horrifying roar—shadows began to pound at the shell, bright blue shards falling from the sky as the shell chipped and cracked. Cas guided their joined hands to Dean’s shoulder, his palm fitting where the handprint used to be. Warmth spread through Dean’s skin as the space around them began to glow a brilliant blue.
“Figures,” Dean snorted. He twisted the beer between his hands as silence fell between them. A raven crowed in the distance from atop one of the trees.
“Yeah,” Dean said, his hands tightening around Cas’s waist. “We do.” He tipped down to find Cas’s lips, to seal them with his. A rush of want thrummed through his chest. Tilting his head, he deepened the kiss, shivering as Cas’s fingers whispered across the plane of his jaw.
Castiel raises his head, finally, and frowns at her shuttered expression. “You’re joking,” he observes.
Pulling Baby into drive, he circled around the gravel road, heading toward downtown.
“If my wife left with my two sons without an explanation after seven years of marriage, and one of those sons didn’t speak to me anymore, I’d drink my life away too,” Sam says.
She stares at him for a long moment; finally, she bursts out a sigh and falls back into her chair. “I don’t know what to think.”
“That’s agreeable to hear,” Cas says through tight lips.
“From another hunter,” adds Cas.
The smile Dean gives Castiel is blinding and beautiful, and if Castiel were hooked up to that heart rate monitor, it would be going wild, giving him away. It’s the first real one that Castiel’s seen since he started protecting Dean.
“I have to seal the Empty,” Jack said. His eyes finally met Dean’s. “I have to make sure nothing gets out—or in—anymore.”
"I am unable to argue with that statement."
Claire gives Cas a very serious look as he sits down. “You really okay with a bumblebee?”
Rolling his eyes briefly before pasting on a smile, Dean turns his head to Faith. She’s standing hesitantly at the entrance of the bleachers, gesturing to the empty seat beside Dean.
he knew why.
It just kind of snuck up on him and
“You’re Dean Winchester?” she asks.
“Jesus Christ,” Dean mumbled, and turned on his heel to leave, if only to get away from the nauseating lovebirds. On the kitchen table there was, as predicted, a large white carton of soup in a plastic bag with a loaf of bread snuggled next to it. Grabbing a spoon from the drawer, he sat down and flipped off the top, shoveling a petulant spoonful of chicken and carrots into his mouth.
Gabriel grabbed the Empty by the scruff of its neck, slamming its borrowed body to the ground with a sickening crunch. With a yell, Gabriel flung the Empty’s body far into the darkness, the Empty’s enraged screams echoing further and further away.
Dean stalks into the kitchen, packing extra chips in his lunchbox and an industrial bag of carrot sticks. He begins rummaging around the cupboards for anything quick he can grab.
“This is stupid,” Dean announces. “We’re supposed to sit here and look for ‘suspicious behavior’, but all I see are drunks and id—“
Sam finally looks up in order to frown at Dean. “You’ve never even read that book. How would you know that scene if you haven’t read that book?”
Dean whistles lowly. "No wonder Heaven's pissed at you."
“I’m saying that if you’d like anything on your lap, it won’t be me in this position.”
“I dunno, Cas. Just don’t like it, all right?”
With a dazed look, Cas obeyed him.
Cas notes the tension in Dean’s shoulders, pulled back and taut like a bowstring, ready to snap at any moment. He almost doesn’t ask, “What happened?”
“I guess… Reservoir Dogs?”
“Why don’t you go look for them?” Dean asks, his smile pasted. “Not like May to stand you up like that. She’s probably just waiting where you guys agreed to meet.”
Cas was looking at him. He
“Sure do.”
A moment passed; Cas’s face broke into a smile. The dim light from the lamp cast across his face, warm and softening the edges. He reached out to carefully touch Dean’s arm, his hand fitting against the place where Dean’s scar once was. In a way Dean couldn’t explain, it felt like coming home.
acting like it’s nothing.”
Cas looks up, as if startled by Dean still being there. “That’s fine,” he says distractedly.
Dean grabbed the mug, bringing it to his lips. He drank two large gulps and then set it back onto the table, not breaking eye contact. “I want more coffee,” he repeated, his tone on the knife’s edge of politeness. “
Cas turns his head to look at him; Dean knows, without even looking over, because he can feel his eyes boring into the side of his face.
“Fine. I guess. We’re… connecting?”
Dean’s making pasta for dinner when Cas gets the text from May. Cas looks up from the pile of files they printed off from Cas’ phone, and waves his phone in the air. “They want to have dinner with us tomorrow.”
When Lisa emerges from wide double doored entrance, she is wearing a fashionable fall get-up (knee-high boots and all) and squinting at Dean’s car. Dean rolls down the passenger window to wave her over. She spots him and jogs toward the car, holding her purse over her head to shield her head from the drizzling rain.
“Well that’s just fucking
Dean snapped, “Look me dead in the eye, Sam, and tell me that you wouldn’t do what I’m doing right fucking now.” It seemed to take most of his energy, but he held his head up, glaring. “Tell me that you wouldn’t be refusin’ the same thing, for the greater good.”
“Where’s he at?” Jerry asks, obviously chipper.
“Uh. Yeah.”
(there is some plot stuff in that scene, but I will definitely be calling back to it in future chapters, in case you didn't want to read it)
Dean knows he’s being stupid, knows that he’s overreacting. But the anger is boiling over and he can’t stop himself from getting into Cas’ space, and growling, “Why the hell couldn’t you do that here?” He can feel Cas’ breath on his cheek.
“I’m fine, Dean,” is Sam’s distracted reply. “I’ll call with more details when I hear about them.”
“How’s the pain?” Cas asks, pulling the covers away for Dean.
“You really didn’t think Eileen and I would let you do it
“I remember,” is all Dean says.
“Yeah, yeah, bye jerk.” Sam’s voice gets louder: “Bye to you too, Cas.”
“Tell me yours now,” Sam said. “Your favorite memory.”
Castiel is new to the cupid position, but he’s aware of the soulmate letters. If soulmates haven’t connected in eight years or more since the time they both get their matching numbered tattoos, Heaven sends out the contact information of their soulmate.
“And you think I’m gonna do that?”
“I think that was his name.”
A hand pushes against Dean’s chest. “Dean, let’s just talk about this.”
Cas looks different, yet the same: slightly hunched shoulders (not new), a leather jacket (that’s new), and scuffed jeans with equally scuffed work-boots (what is he, a lumberjack?). He doesn’t look like he belongs; then again, Cas has never been quite a part of this world.
Dean has to contain a groan. “Well, I’m sure game. What about you, babe?”
Castiel sees a few children that he knows from Dean’s classroom in the crowd: the redhead that chewed on the tips of her hair throughout class, the boy with the thick-rimmed glasses who always asked Castiel questions in the back of the class. Dean is pushing them to go to the playground, talking to them in that easy way that he always does. He watches them run, smiling; then his familiar green eyes lift to see Castiel.
Sam’s not an idiot. He knew that there was something Dean wasn’t saying; a vital detail being excluded from the narrative. Call it brotherly intuition.
Dean must be
“Uh-huh,” says Mary with a raised eyebrow. Cas wilts under Mary’s disapproving frown shot in his direction.
“And I’m going to spend every day trying to convince your dumb ass that it’s true,” Dean adds with a few kisses to Cas’ cheeks. “Okay?”
bet you thought the pain was over in light of the last chapter, huh :)))
Cas follows Dean’s eyeline. He frowns. “Yes.”
“Yeah, well.” Dean shrugged again. “Not much else to do except go on hunts looking for leads on how to find you.”
“Okay, Cas, I won’t.”
“To go back to Heaven.”
“Do you,” Dean began. Stopped. “You’ll probably want a bed to sleep in, huh?”
“No, just listen—“
were the monsters.”
the whole story.”
Patience’s chair scraped as she pushed it back. “I can. All I’m doing is making phone calls.”
After a hesitating glance at Dean and Cas, she flicks her cigarette to the ground and drives it into the dirt with her heel. She turns to follow her partner, her pastel pink coat floats on her heels in her wake.
But then—a flash of light. And his eyes were blinking, opening, as he peeled back the layers of his consciousness one by one. Sharply, he breathed in air with lungs that were disused. Shakily, he lifted hands that were almost unrecognizable. Turned over his palms, staring at the unfamiliar lines. His fingers rubbed at his throbbing forehead as he slowly, unsteadily stood.
Dean took a quick breath, shutting his eyes briefly against the flash of blue eyes he saw disappearing in the inky substance.
“Oh,” Dean says. He slams his gun on the table and wipes a hand across his forehead. “Jesus, Sam, warn a guy.”
The words were full in his mouth, almost pushing past his lips:
Instead of any anticipated teasing, Sam asks, “No cost too high?”, with a knowing smile.
He sees Dean and Lisa kiss at the end of the night; one hand with his fingers tangled in her hair and cupping her face, the other gently touching her waist. Castiel sees that Dean is at peace in this moment; more than he ever has been since he’s known him.
“You need to tell me what hurts, man.” Sam bent down from Castiel’s level. “Do you need to go to a hospital?”
He wishes there were a way to repair the fractures.
“You don’t think I know that?”
“Dean,” Sam replies, pleasantly.
Dean puts it on speaker phone, for Cas’ sake. “Yeah, he’s here.”
“In what universe is it a good idea?” Dean sputters.
He cuts off when Dean promptly rips the note in half. Cas watches, mouth agape, as Dean tears it into smaller and smaller pieces until it’s just shredded paper. Scattering it on the ground, Dean dramatically brushes his hands against each other and walks back to the bed.
With a decisive turn of his heel, he marched to his dresser and pulled open a drawer. He picked out his softest pair of pajama bottoms and a Led Zeppelin t-shirt, along with a thick orange sweatshirt he found in a bargain bin at Goodwill. He shoved them into Cas’s hands. “Follow me.”
“Dean, hey. Hey.” Sam stood in a fluid motion, grabbing Dean by his shoulders and pulling him in tightly. “It’s okay. You’re okay.”
The feeling of Dean’s heart sinking into his shoes—the sudden ringing that was in his ears. The bone-stricken moment when he realized that he was in love, too. With the drunk, crookedly smiling man before him. He had gripped Cas’ arms tight, suddenly terrified to let him go.
The angel beside Gadreel sneers. “Time to go, Cupid. Demotion in status means a demotion in grace.”
Dean threads his hand through Cas’s thick hair, tugs a little tighter so he’ll forget Dean’s moment of weakness. They fall back onto the bed.
?” Dean groans.
.” He reaches out, clutches Dean’s arm. Dean doesn’t look back. Holding Dean by a metaphorical thread, he pulls against him, to stop him from going up the stairs with all his human, emotional strength. “I didn’t mean it. I don’t know what to say—when I feel this way. All I do is hurt you, when I try to explain and I—” He closes his eyes and tugs at Dean, harder. Dean still doesn’t look. “I need you to know that I don’t mean it that way.”
“Angels don’t have nightmares,” Cas insists, his voice now shaking, just in the slightest.
She can’t explain why that conversation she had with Cas made her feel like she’s had it hundreds of times before.
“Well, that’s a relief. Because Dean swearing like a sailor? He got it from me.” She glares at Dean and smacks him on the arm again. “Come on. Help me make dinner.”
"I heard her prayers, as her car was slipping on the concrete toward the water. But I didn't fly fast enough. When I got there, her car was already buried in the rubble, among the chaos of hundreds dead.”
“He wouldn’t want you to keep torturing yourself like this.”
“Oh yeah? By ‘cook’, do you mean having the ability to toast bread?”
Castiel tries to smile back, but he doesn’t quite remember how. He says, “
A mischievous grin splits Dean’s face when Castiel minutely glares at him.
Dean scoffs and gives Cas a look. “Dude, where’d you learn so much about soccer?”
“No, but I can learn.” Jack shifted on the bed, his back a tense line. “Amara said that Chuck didn’t know everything at first—he just needed to learn. It could take a while, but… I could do it.”
Castiel is writing the definition of Montague grammar on the squeaky white board when there’s a loud crash in the back of the room.
She took a shaky breath, her voice wobbling as she explained, “When daddy dropped me off for school last time, that’s when he and mommy didn’t come back.”
Dean clears his throat. “A mom. Mary. She lives here, in Lawrence. She runs her own business, actually: Winchester Rare and Valuable Books and Items. It’s downtown.”
if you're liking this story why not spread it around Tumblr a bit?
“They brought Dean in six hours ago,” Sam says. “I got on a flight as soon as you called me.”
“His name?” Her mouth is slightly agape. “So you’ve talked to him? Even after you reacted so negatively to him in the bar a couple of weeks ago?”
. Or you acting like this situation is just another big cosmic joke to you.”
“I think it’s my fault. I’m somewhat inept when it comes to faking a relationship.”
The only reprieve he’s had is talking to Charlie about his feelings for Dean. She tries to assure them that they’re only natural, and that having a connection with Dean like that is a good thing.
“No one asked you,” Dean barks. He pretends to be busy with the till. He looks at Cas’ receipt, realizing belatedly that he never got his croissant.
“A note I wrote before I left. I never meant for him to find it. What it said…” Cas bites his lip and tugs at his hair. “He found my note.”
Cas says, voice cracked, “It’s not real.”
“So you’re my
As Dean shrugs at the floor, Mary says slyly, “People have seen you around town with Lisa, Dean. Don’t hide that you like her from us.”
“Guys, drop it, okay?” Dean sighs. “That’s me and Cas’ business.” He looks at Cas again, awkwardly, but Cas is already scooting past Anna, standing to leave. Anna gives Dean a Look.
Castiel can’t be publicly humiliated in front of his classroom. He can’t be publicly
“Things can change. We can work it out.”
Dean was standing in the middle of the grey field.
Silence pulsed in his head.
His heart had nearly stopped when she shrieked, “Flying!” and launched herself off the swing at the highest point in the air. He reached out with his grace and caught her before she tumbled into the woodchips covering the playground, gently setting her onto her feet.
“What’s that?”
,’” Cas read out loud. He blinked. “I don’t understand it.”
“You’re going too far left. More to the right.”
“Because you could die, Dean,” Jack said.. “Because you could die, and I don’t need to lose
leaking,” Gabriel said as he swung his legs up, heels hitting and shaking the table as he leaned back in his chair. “Right now, all that’s passing through those portals, like our dear old Dean discovered, are demons and angels who are able to find the exit signs. But soon, something
Castiel regards Dean’s closed-off expression. He’s known Dean for a whole of two minutes and already he can tell he’s the most stubborn man alive. “The opposite,” Castiel says, eyeing Lisa’s half-finished drink, “I told Lisa I would order her another drink, but I can’t tell what it is.”
Dean chuckled. “Honestly? Any food sounds good.”
And it’s strange, now that Sam looks back at it. There was no epic journey, no long road to complete where it was all going. No way for any of them to reconcile what was going to happen. Cas simply saw the future he would have—a future without Dean—if he did nothing, and he acted.
Dean feels a tremor in Cas' hand that's lying on his chest. That lack of control alarms Dean. He reaches out a hand and cups Cas' cheek, his thumb grazing the corner of Cas' eye.
“Yeah.”
.” Dean pinches the bridge of his nose. “Fine. My dad is a dumb old drunk who sits in his house all day and occasionally emerges to gamble the money he doesn’t have away. Happy?”
Cas doesn’t come as often for his daily coffee and croissant, either. Dean tries to tell himself that it doesn’t bother him—even as he’s finding himself less and less excited to come into work.
“Hi.” She juts her chin toward Castiel. “That’s Castiel. He’s our cupid.”
The girl’s mother has caught up to her and begins pushing her on the swing, the girl’s arms opening on either side of her like a bird’s, her whole face broken in a wide, laughing smile.
Frank wrinkles his nose. “What is that, some kind of sickness?”
“It’s a failed mission before it starts,” Gabriel snapped.
“No, Mom,” Dean grumbles, holding the bag of peas with one hand and waving Cas off with the other.
“Yeah, I
Once their shoes hit the corresponding curb, Dean grabs Castiel’s shoulder to swing him around and look at him. “Don’t friends tell friends about their lives so that they get to know each other? Isn’t that what friends do?” he asks with a sly grin.
“What,” Dean yells back, flinging the crop top off his head.
I can't even do thank-yous yet, I gotta do that in the epilogue, i'm gonna get too emotional about you guys i just love you all so much and i will miss your comments every week and ahhh i can't think about it too much *blows nose* anyway please leave a comment if you feel like it and just have a great day guys <33
this move. You can’t distract me that easily.”
They remain like that for far longer than Castiel knows friends should hug. Neither of them say anything about it.
“Mom,” Dean whines in protest, rubbing the spot where she struck, “it wasn’t a big deal. I didn’t want to bother you, with all the stuff that is going on with Dad and everything...”
“Oh, buddy, I’m just getting started,” Dean growled. His fingers pressed against the outline of the weapon in his jacket.
He fishes a book out of his bag and sets it in on the table in front of Castiel. “In case you get bored,” he says.
feel good? Specifically?”
until then, stay safe and stay sane. I love you all<3 and as always,
“The night you tried to make Shepherd’s Pie.”
“If that even
“Yeah. Yeah, makes sense.” Dean chewed at the inside of his cheek, feeling the raised skin there from when he had done it hundreds of times before. He trained his eyes on his hands, locking his muscles to stop them from shaking.
Dean nodded, rubbing at his chest. “He, uh… made a deal. With the Empty, the thing that’s making all those demons come out of the portals. It was to save Jack. And then he…” He shook his head, searching for an answer, for a better explanation. “I saw it take him.”
Raising a finger in the air to call for silence, Sam continues, “‘No evidence of significant blood loss. Death is by either asphyxiation, otherwise unknown.’”
Jack bounced toward the door, nodding. “She wanted me to help her pick out another game for Cas anyway. I’ll go find her.”
@trenchcoatandfreckles prompt: “bucolic” or “bungalow”
The lead was from a conspiracy theory group Dean was following on Facebook—the paranormal unexplained, as it were. A member had posted a grainy photo of a pile of rocks in a dark cavern.
“Oh.” Castiel clears his throat. “Well, then… how are they going?”
Turning, the man towered over Dean. “You trying to start something?”
He’s the most damn adorable man Dean’s ever met.
(See the end of the chapter for
For being newly human, and not used to pain yet, Sam had to hand it to Cas with how stoic he remained throughout the whole process. He barely flinched when Sam doused his wound in alcohol (more specifically: a bottle of vodka they kept under the sink for this very purpose) and rubbed on a topical solution to numb the pain.
It’s probably why Danny and Dean clicked so easily: both were driven by their own dads’ obsession, both tried to be a good soldier, both saw their mothers die.
It’s well into nightfall, and whoever premeditated this had closed the curtains, making the house nearly pitch black. “Fuck,” he growls, reaching around for Cas, who is no longer there. “Cas!” Keeping his gun at chest-level, he shuffles to where he remembers the kitchen light being and fruitlessly flicks it back and forth. “Goddamn it—Cas! Where are you?”
Charlie squints her eyes at him, and asks, “What kind of awkward?”
(See the end of the chapter for
A breeze picked up, tossing the broken corn stalks across the ground. Grinning with a bravado he didn’t feel, he tilted his head down. “Kid, you do whatever you want. I’m ready.”
With a strangled yell, Dean reached out toward the string. There was a howl behind him as the Empty began sprinting across the ground on all fours. The ground rumbled to life, shaking underneath him.
“What kind of things?” Sam asked, voice soft. He was surprised that Dean was deciding to talk about this now; usually it took an effort the size of an apocalypse to get anything out of Dean, especially in regards to Cas. He was wary that it took the trials, making Dean inexplicably sick, that lead to this conversation.
“This isn’t fair to her,” Dean says. “I should have talked to her before—“
He takes six hours every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday night to work on his thesis.
Castiel resists the urge to jump the fence and run to him. During the nights that he slept on a park bench, Castiel thought of him constantly. Amidst his thoughts of Claire, and thinking of how confusing and painful her life must be after Castiel destroyed it, Castiel attempted to come to terms with his feelings for Dean. He built mental shields, convinced himself that no good could come from his emotions, used whatever grace he had left to block the pathos side of himself—he thought it was successful. But, seeing Dean stride across the playground, laughing sunnily at a bouncing student beside him, every attempt that Castiel made to not feel for this man comes undone.
Dean is rubbing the back of his head, as he often does when he’s either frustrated or uncomfortable, and thoughtfully looking at the sidewalk. “Okay, so… not much to tie you to Heaven.”
Sam’s not an idiot. He knows that his brother and Cas have a...
“I’ve already had a child, and I lost her,” Cas snaps. He still doesn’t look at Dean, just sits cross-legged on the porch railing, head tilted toward the sky. “She wasn’t my biological child, but she felt like
Cas shakes his head. “I'm less concerned with
“Then how should I do it?” Cas asks, tilting his head.
“Sam should be here doin’ this,” Dean grumbled as he flicked a leaf away. “Fuck nature.”
“Do you mean the movie? Yes, because I picked it out.”
The man sighs. “Thank you.”
“But the forecast says cloudless skies and sunny, and I don’t want to get burned,” Cas objects as Dean pushes him out the door.
“Charlie. If something is wrong with Cas, you need to tell me.”
“Every day?” she gasped with wide eyes.
“Dean,” Sam says.
“We’re looking him up on Facebook!” Sam declares, making a nose-dive for his backpack. He yanks out his turn-of-the-dark-ages laptop and begins to wildly type.
*waggles eyebrows*
He hears Dean make a noise of surprise; then he completely melts into Castiel. His lips are softer than Castiel had imagined; his warm breath on Castiel’s skin makes his body hum. They slowly part; Dean's eyes are closed, eyelashes fluttering. Castiel feels his breath stolen when Dean’s eyes slowly open to reveal a brilliant and sparkling green.
When the memory hits him like a freight train, he blames the fact that his grace isn’t there to stifle his emotions. All too suddenly the mother and daughter in front of him disappear and is replaced by him, trench coat rippling around his body in the wind, and Claire at three years old, frantically pumping her legs to go higher on the swing.
Huffing out a laugh, Dean said, “Okay, wise guy. And what’s gonna make
“So a corner kick is good?” Faith is asking. She’s still bent forward, elbows on her knees, craning her body awkwardly around Dean to look at Cas.
“Three days, twelve hours, twenty four minutes and three seconds,” Castiel says softly.
Dean shakes his head, as if that will help piece together the facts. Cas never gave him any indication that he was in any sort of
Dean carefully extricates his arms from Castiel’s grasp and says politely, with a blank smile and empty eyes, “I don’t think I can help you. What’s your name? I can call someone for you.”
Dean is light on his feet after a full day of teaching. Despite the fact that most teachers lumber out to their cars, eyes glazed over, Castiel sees Dean brighter and more alert than ever.
“It’s over, Faith,” Cas says. His voice is surprisingly strong. “We didn’t fall for your mind games. You’re outnumbered. It’s done.”
Castiel stares at the cat. “Was that what all that banging was?”
definitely don’t.”
Cas asks around a carrot he’s munching, “Worried about me?”
Sam trailed after him to the kitchen. “Not really, Dean. Whatever you saw there… it seems to have spooked you pretty bad. I mean you can’t even have Cas ask a question about weed without you freaking out. He wasn’t even asking to
“What’s the damage?” Dean muttered.
He can feel Cas’ warm breath on his face when Cas says, “When we spent time together today, I discovered places that I hadn’t ever thought might be on Earth. Someone who is stuck couldn’t have inspired me like that.”
“Cas.” Lower, this time. “I, uh—I dunno if you can hear me. I don’t know if you heard me all those other times, but… if you did, and you’re wondering why I quit all those weeks ago, well, I—I’m sorry about that. Hard to yell up a mountain if all you’re getting back is your echo, ya know?” He laughed; it fell flat. “But, uh. If you
Clenching and unclenching his fist, Dean mutters, “Yeah, whatever.”
Sam turned toward Dean, holding out his hands. “I know he was your friend. He was mine too. But he made his choices. And I know that’s really hard to accept. It’s been hard for
thank you so much for your continued comments - particularly to those of you who are commenting on EVERY CHAPTER damn - and for your support. i can safely say i wouldn't be posting the story this fast without all of it. <3 as usual, if you wanna yell (which i encourage), please
“All you need to do is trust me. To let me help you find another way.” Dean gripped Cas’s hand tighter, feeling the thrumming panic rising in his chest. “
<3 as always - would love to know what you think.
Rain splashes against Dean’s face. The swings in the park below thrash wildly. Dean can feel the ground rattle underneath his feet. “Cas, buddy, you gotta calm down—”
he almost said. But that already happened, didn’t it?
“Cas. You’re being way too hard on yourself, man.”
Castiel watches his dejected form then scoop up his keys off the kitchen counter and trail out of sight.
“He gave you his number,” Dean repeats woodenly. At Sam’s small nod, Dean growls, “Fuck this. We’re leaving,” and pulls the Impala in reverse.
“Well, if you tell me I’ll give you a quarter. Can go buy yourself a stick of gum or whatever.”
“Almost did it,” Dean said, breath shallow. His frame was trembling, and it seemed an effort to get out the words. “Just one more step to do.”
“Has this happened before?”
Castiel walks beside the stretcher as they wheel Dean out of the building; Castiel can tell that Dean is pretty hurt since he barely protests to the special treatment.
“No,” Dean gasps. “It’s not physical. Someone fucking…” He tries to sit up, foot slipping against the bathroom tile and knocking him back into the wall. “It’s in my head.”
“I have a crush on you.”
Cas is staring at the pink note on the counter, the one that Dean realizes in a split second that he forgot to put away. Hastily setting the styrofoam cup down, coffee sloshing over the sides, Dean scrambles to scoop the note up. He shoves it into his pocket. “Oh, that’s uh… that’s nothing.”
“Why the hell would I give it a chance?”
“Do you even have a little bit of sense left in your brain?” Dean asks. He gestures, a sharp and final thing, toward the house. “Me and him, man, we…” He feels bile rise in his throat as he realizes what he was about to say. The words echo in his brain like a macabre chant:
It’s not a lot, but somehow it feels like enough. They sit in silence for the rest of the ride, the Impala rumbling and the highway singing beneath them, the space between them finally feeling like home.
Castiel doesn’t want to go back to Dean’s house and face it.
“Let me tell you a human secret, Cas: whenever a chick decides to kick you in the family jewels, it’s
At your.
Cas carefully perches on one of the stools at the kitchen island. Dean tries not to find his slumped shoulders, chaotic bed-head, and pouting lip absolutely adorable. “What plan?”
At Cas’ wary look, Dean lies: “I’m not feeling 100%, so I wanna stick around here. How’s that sound?”
Raising his head, Dean says to Cas’ stony face, “Oh, yeah?”
Cas holds out the book again, this time pushing it into Dean’s chest. “I’ve marked the relevant pages and quotes.”
Cas glanced over at him, a piece of popcorn halfway to his mouth. “Are you okay?”
Castiel nods, forcing his eyes closed so that his tears don’t spill. Dean crawls into the bed next to him, pressing close to his side, his arms around Castiel’s waist.
Cas raised an eyebrow, finger poised over the remote. With a resigned sigh, Dean waved his hand. He loved the movie, who the hell was he kidding. “Yeah, yeah, push play.”
“What about my family?”
Sam and Dean jerk to attention. Exchange a look. “Where was she going?” Sam asks.
Castiel opens his eyes. The room is dark, but he still can see Dean. His head is tilted back, eyes closed — finally asleep.
“Please, Dean. I want you to hear what I have to say,” Cas says. “I want to express how sorry I am that—”
“Well, I wouldn’t say
“Anna’s different,” Charlie says with a distracted smile, her chin cradled in her propped-up hand. “She’s not like most angels. That’s probably why her and Cas are friends.”
Cas reaches out a hand; plays with the fine hairs brushing against Dean’s forehead. “Are you sure that you’re feeling okay?”
She sighs explosively. “Okay, fine, Winchester, I know something. But he told me not to tell anybody, especially you. He said he’s ‘working it out for himself’ or some Cas-like bullshit.”
Sam sighed. Nodded. “Okay, Cas. Let’s go home.”
“So the Empty hid him. It had a grudge against us before. It wouldn’t want to make it easy for us to find him.”
, he reminds himself again.
He had froze. He didn’t know why; Dean Winchester never freezes. But it happened and he pissed her off and now there’s a cupid trying to referee the situation, making his life is that much more complicated.
Shaking his head, Jack said, “I can’t sense it. I don’t know why.”
Instead, he forces himself to smile. “‘course, dude. Just wanted to give you some space.”
Castiel huffs a laugh. He tentatively holds the bag of plant food in his arms. “Then I’ll come back and ask for your help if this doesn’t work.”
Shockingly, standing there in silence, holding each other; Cas feels no awkwardness. He would rather the moment stretch on forever.
Dean.
“Dude
“Are we going there tonight?” one of the boys asked, balancing against the handlebars of his bike. “You got out of that thing with your parents?”
A few moments later, Cas’s head peeked through the half-opened door. Dean couldn’t help the smile that tugged at his tired cheeks when he saw him. “Hey,” he said softly.
. It told me who he was and where to find him. When I went to his regular bar to meet him, we got along at first. I just wanted to meet him and figure out why he never contacted or tried to find me, you know?” She takes a sip of her pink drink. “And he was nice enough to me, when he didn’t know we were soulmates. But once I told him why I was there, and showed him the tattoo on my ankle, exactly where his tattoo also is…” she waves a hand, “he got pissed and left. Even though we were connecting, and it was clear that we’re compatible.”
Chuck stared at him for a moment before tilting back his head, laughing wildly. “Oh, wait. That’s just too
Dean pastes on an assured smile. “Well, let me help you with that.” He takes the shower handle from Castiel and ducks behind the shower curtain to fasten the shower handle back into its screw. It’s an easy and superficial fix; he easily screws it back on. "You just turn this knob left for cold water, right for hot. And you have to pull it out to make the water come out of the shower head."
in summary: watch this space:)
They sit in silence, as nurses and white coats and stretchers scurry by. Castiel keeps his eyes on the scuffed linoleum floor that’s yellowed with age.
to interfere with this mission, you’re done. No excuses. I will rip your wings to shreds faster than you can blink. Am I making this clear to you?”
“God, no,” she snorts. “I have a wife.”
show up, he was usually drunk off his ass.”
But Sam doesn’t tell him. And just hopes to whatever god is still out there that somehow Cas figures it out.
“Dean. Listen to me. Don’t listen to your drunk father, who is broken and hurt and not in his right mind. Listen to me, your friend who—“
Continuing to skim his fingers through Castiel's hair, Dean says gently, "If you're bored of just lying there, I can read something to you."
“It’s not like the things you said to me weren’t true,” Castiel says softly. “You’re right in that I did get fired. That I failed at my job. Similarly to how I failed at this one.”
“By angelic standards, I suppose.”
“I thought the tear was the portals,” Dean said.
Cas falters, says, “Uh… no. What’s most important?”
“All right, sure, man,” Dean says. He gives Cas’ hand, still gripping Dean’s arm, a pointed look. “We goin’ in now?”
He doesn’t say that at the end of the night, he felt like the date was wrong, somehow. Like
With a shake of his head, Cas clutches Dean’s hands tighter to his coat. “I’m not convinced anymore. I think this monster, and any of its kind, has spent most of its life keeping hunters from knowing what it truly is. I’m beginning to think it may not be documented.”
“I—” Jack swallowed, his face contorting, eyes flickering between Dean and Sam.
Claire pats the chair next to her, eyebrows raised expectantly. “Well, who’s going first?”
—“ Dean holds his arm over his head and points dramatically at himself, “—what is bothering them.”
* * *
“Sam, what in the
“And then Sam hires you because he thinks that I can’t take care of myself, and I just saw red. I saw you as this, I dunno,” Dean waves a hand in Castiel’s direction, “physical manifestation of everything I can’t do: take care of Sam or even myself from a bunch of crazy lunatics. I took it out on you. And I’m sorry.”
Clearing his throat with a cursory cough, Dean nods. “No problem. Just… wanted you to know.”
Castiel raises his head from where it’s cradled in his hands. His delirious mind mistakes the voice for Dean’s; a few blinks into the fluorescent hospital lights confirms that it’s Sam Winchester looming before him.
death by suffocation?”
me we’re getting a third roommate,” Castiel says, venom in his voice. “She’ll have to pay rent, you know. And buy her own damn groceries every once in awhile— “
“Doesn’t matter,” Dean grunts. “I don’t think you’re getting it, Sam. Cas is
“You’ve been feeding him, right?” Mary chastises Dean.
“You’ve done a surprisingly good job with Dean Winchester,” Naomi continues with a smile, “and you seem to have a knack at this whole cupid business. I think that it would be best to keep you in this post, trudging in the dirt with the humans, for the rest of your existence.”
But instead of addressing Dean, Crowley let out a long, anguished sigh. “How long are we going to be here, anyway?”
Castiel sighs. “I’m so sorry.” He pauses, frowning. “I would like very much to punch this man you call Benny in the face.”
(as usual
“Wanna follow my lead?” he whispered.
Jen squinted at it. Shook her head. “Nope. Just a plain old coincidental empty space in the middle of a landslide. Nothing interesting.”
“Huh?” Dean asks as he looks up from the steaming coffee.
“Thirty eight point five days ago there was an… incident,” Castiel continues, “It was while Claire was living with a new set of foster parents in Minneapolis. I was told not to interfere in the incident, despite how much I wanted to. I didn’t listen.” Castiel clutches his glass tighter. “Couldn’t listen.”
Dean lays on the ground and pulls the pink crop top over his face. “That was the fucking worst thing I’ve ever done,” Dean declares.
“I’ll research in bed, then,” Dean says, with a shrug he hopes is casual.
“I don’t remember this,” Dean said out loud. Neither Crowley nor Cas looked at him.
“Of course, man.” Dean stood, only wavering for a second as his vision spun. A few nights of restless sleep would do that to him. He gestured toward the hallway. “How is he?”
Cas blinked at him. Slowly reached out a hand, his fingers trailing the air. “Dean?”
Cas grins, and Dean’s answering smile is the sunrise. It unfurls hope in Cas; beats all thoughts of the broken past to the ground. “Good morning, Dean.”
Sam looked up from his book. It's the most recent one in the stack, one that Cas had found the other day that may give insight to the trials—and asked, “Tell me what?”
Dean hisses as he sits down, his legs touching the freezing cold metal. “Why the fuck are they doing a soccer game in the fall?” he grumbles. “Just stay inside and watch sports on TV like normal people.”
there’s Dean.”
Castiel opens his eyes. He can move his head and feel his hands.
Sam leans back into the benched seat of the Impala, rubs his hands on his jeans. “People are lonely when they’re single,” he says.
“Well, I’ll be damned.”
Cas laughs. Dean could listen to that laugh for days. “Goodbye, Dean.”
“No use, kids,” Dean says behind the chattering crowd. “He doesn’t speak English.”
“I’m not dying,” Cas says firmly. “I’m not going anywhere.” He unlocks the door and pulls Dean forward.
“She’s fine,” Sam said quickly, holding up his hands. “Jody had to check her into the hospital, but only because she broke her arm. Her vitals are stable.”
“I know.” The man taps his chest when Dean gives him a questioning look. Dean looks down at his own chest; mentally kicks himself when he remembers his nametag.
He falters, his eyes flickering back and forth from Dean to Cas. “He’s my… brother-in-law.”
The first time to the question is asked is at the small book signing at Mary’s bookstore. Cas had worked his ass off all week to make sure the small space was accommodating to an audience of twenty and a small deli spread afterwards. Dean would know—he barely saw his husband or mom in the week leading up to it (which of course, he never complained about, because being co-owner of the bookstore with Mary was quickly becoming one of Cas’ passions).
“Whatever you say, dude,” Dean says. “Either way, it’ll be fun.”
Fact: being in a fake relationship with Cas is better than Dean ever thought it could be.
“Uh, yeah. You?”
Sam clears his throat. “I have a contact.”
“God won’t be likely to help; he’s the one that ordered me to do this, after all.”
Cas looks relieved. “Thank you.” He stands out of Dean’s way as he works his way around the desk and goes toward the offending computer.
“No, not that, just… “ Sam ran a hand through his hair, sighing. “When I said that the world needed saving, that you had blinders on for only caring about one guy… it was unfair. Because I
Dean is now shaking one of Castiel’s legs, and Castiel wishes he wouldn’t do that. “This
“Dean.” Cas stops, grabbing Dean’s arm and turning him. “This won’t work if you refuse to take me seriously as a hunter.”
Dean breathes in, and out. Tries to dissociate from the strong urge to put the car in drive and get to that man on the driveway as quickly as he can—and the equally strong urge to put as much distance between them as possible.
Once he and Sam meet up again, Dean’s discouraged and pissed. At Sam’s empty shake of his head, his mood plummets further.
Cas descends the carpeted stairs fifteen minutes before Faith agreed to pick him up. Dean waves a spatula in greeting. Cas gives a small wave in return.
Now, he was exactly where he wanted to be: drunk enough to see double, with the music from the bar’s speakers pounding in his ears as he swung around to regard the room. His eyes narrowed as he looked for his target.
Dean grabbed the steering wheel tighter. He bit the inside of his cheek. “Only took a second for you to chime in this time, huh?”
,” May says, “since we know that you’re just married hunters.”
“Maybe angels with low grace do,” Dean says, his hand rubbing up and down Cas’ arm soothingly, “but you just have to remember that they’re not real.”
Dean returns, throwing a pile of clothes at his feet. “Here. You’re soaking wet. You gotta change your clothes.”
He’s deeply entrenched in reading about a particularly aggressive variety of crabgrass when someone loudly clears their throat just a few feet in front of his desk.
Cas peeks up at Dean, his hair sticking wildly in every direction and his lips pursed into a pout. "I'm not ‘always moody’.”
figure out this case,
Cas stopped, glancing back over his shoulder. Dean’s heart quickened.
Dean rolls his eyes and takes a bite of pasta. “Fine. You’re more useful as a hunter. Happy?”
, he brings it back to the counter and sets it in front of Sam. “In case you were wondering where it went.”
Castiel shifts his weight from one foot to the other uncomfortably. “Not an extensive amount.”
dun dun DUNNNN
“And I know you regret it,” Dean said. “I saw your memories, how you regret me, regret us, and—and that’s okay. I just…” Dean trailed off, unable to find the words. He shook his head, staring at the ground.
“Wait, wait.” Dean paused the video, frowning up at Cas. “Why are we watching this again? This lady’s just walking around her farm.”
Dean rubbed a hand against his forehead, forcing down the frustration. The situation was
“Because you are a dichotomy, Dean Winchester,” Castiel says, wagging a finger in the air, “a dichotomy that no one can explain. You’re patient with the children in your class, yet have no patience for adults. You nearly murder me in the mornings if I talk to you, but at dinner you’re always pleasant and cheerful. Sometimes you tell me that you like more ‘nerdy’ things such as Star Wars, or that show ‘The Baccalaureate’—“
Dean gapes at him. “You really want to—”
“I guess that’s why I’m a little worried,” Faith says. “Since I’m a shut-in as well.”
Sam understood Cas’ need to escape Dean’s overbearing caretaker tendencies and strike out on his own. Sam experienced this frustration growing up under Dean’s care: no room to breathe, no room to be independent.
Cas smiled, shaking his head. “Nothing is easy, Jack.”
Anna snatches it and recites, “’Dean needs to be paired with a peaceful person. That’s why Lisa as his soulmate is such a perplexing choice. Dean is a fiery personality that pushes and is stubborn but easily fizzles out; he needs someone calm and steady to balance him. Lisa is, in general, calm, but lacks insight as to when Dean needs a quiet shoulder to lean on.’” Anna holds up a finger to quiet Castiel when he tries to protest and continues, “'Sometimes I wonder if that quiet shoulder could be me.’”
Dean leans his head forward, eyebrow raised. “Did you say ‘observe’ me? What am I, a science experiment?”
Dean suppresses a wince. “Yeah. True.”
Cas’s favorite composer was Sibelius (
“It could be the lack of competency in the police department. Have you seen anything to impress you about this town’s safety so far?”
Castiel sighs. This could have gone better. “Dean—“
"All men want, not something to do with, but something to do, or rather something to be."
“What did he do?”
After a few painful beats of Castiel’s fluttering heart, he clears his throat. “Uh. Yeah well. You won’t take care of yourself, so… I’m happy to help.”
“He’s far from a ‘rookie’,” Cas breaks in before Dean can, fingers in the air and bending at the incorrect timing of the emphasized word, “Dean and his brother have hunted more monsters than ten hunters combined. And he’s right; your plan is terrible.”
“Dean.” Castiel can’t stand in the room a minute longer. “I’m sorry for any hurt I might have caused you.” He stands there hesitantly, watching Dean’s shoulders heave with heavy breaths, before turning toward the hallway. “I’ll be in my room.”
He didn’t mean to break his own rule.
“So, we’re here,” she explains, pointing, “and the best trail to take is probably this one. It’s the most scenic—but it’s pretty long, almost 10 miles. This trail is shorter, but still pretty beautiful…” She trails off, her eyes wandering to Cas’ flower book in his hands. “Oh! You have the Peterson Field Guides flower book!”
The warmth of Cas’s hand seeped through Dean’s thin jacket. Tears pressed at his eyes. “I missed you so much, Cas,” he said hoarsely.
Castiel doesn’t need the conversation to know that he has broken their friendship forever.
“Sounds like you’ve been hit by the dreaded Dean Winchester curse!” another voice chimes, tinny as if far away.
Dean glances at Cas, pulls the phone away from his ear. “May and Bob,” he mouths. Cas nods. Dean puts the phone back to his ear. “Okay, Sammy, thanks for the info. I think we might know who they are. They just invited us to a dinner.”
Cas chuckles. “There are worse things.”
Thank you so much also for each one of your comments, kudos, and subscriptions. It honestly made my week, and gave me a LOT of motivation to keep writing this story even faster. <33
Sam blinked, slowly added, “But five minutes ago you said—”
Dean can see Cas better, now that the dark clouds are dissipating. He sees Cas shift on the bench; look up hopefully. “You’re saying we’ll make more good memories? To replace the bad?”
Dean adjusts his weight to his other foot. “So, uh. I guess, give me your number before we can leave? We can work something out.”
Cas looks down at his hands with a nod.
Maybe if there wasn’t a damn
Dean scoffs. “Okay, sure. Do you even know how long it’s been?”
also! if anyone's interested, I've created
“I need—” Dean stopped, abruptly. He shook Sam’s gentle hand off on his shoulder.
“No, I do.” Cas takes a steadying breath. “I couldn’t parse through my emotions as a human, and I didn’t know how to reconcile them. I felt guilt over taking your choice, when I couldn’t even stop myself from being a burden on you.”
He knows the answer; so he doesn’t ask.
“You just have to go easier on him, Dean,” Sam sighs. “You have to think of where this all started.”
“That’s absurd.”
There’s a body in front of them. It’s slouched at an irregular angle, with one arm hanging over a garbage can, and the other bent unnaturally across the chest. Black liquid, identical to what attacked Cas, covers most of the victim’s face.
Jack. We don’t know anything about the Empty. I mean—making you a new body so your subconscious can go in there? That’s just—that’s nuts.”
Jesus Christ, Sam is sitting right there, Dean wants to say. Instead he stares, forkful of spaghetti halfway to his mouth.
“We have a few hours,” Cas replies.
“But—my mom left him years ago! Don’t you think he’d be over that by now?”
you, just to see if not knowing you was worth giving up… And that’s why I went to meet you in that bar.”
“Hello?” asks a voice.
“I don’t care what the fuck it does,” Dean snaps. “We need to get him out of here.”
?” Dean snorts. “That’s some slow play. Either you’re the shittiest hunters I’ve ever met or you’re pulling a fast one on us.”
Mary turns the top book toward her to frown at the spine. “He borrowed ‘Two Hundred Essential Fungi Species in Northern Mexico’?
Clenching the edge of the sink tightly, Dean says, “I
He was sitting on his ass in the middle of clearing by the hill, construction workers surrounding him in a semi-circle. Work had stalled around him. Everyone was blinking down at him like he grew a second head.
of a door shutting. Familiar footsteps walked toward Dean’s bedroom.
Taking a sudden sharp inhale of breath, his hand gripping Dean's wrist hard enough to bruise, Cas continues, "There was a bridge collapse, on one of the major highways. It was over a river. Her car was on the bridge at the time, and she... she went down with it."
It’s a cold fall day, the nearby trees drooping with golden leaves, so it makes no sense to be at a beach. But Cas seems to love it. Dean opts to sit on the sand and watch Cas dip his bare toes into the gentle lapping water.
“‘Lone-eater’?” Cas translates with a frown.
can take care of it while I go with you on this hunt.” Sam circled Dean around the driver’s door. “You don’t have to go alone again.”
“You’re pretty helpless for an angel, aren’t you?”
“Hang on.” Dean grabs the paper from Cas, holding it closer to his face. “‘Obviously monsters that hunt in romantic pairs’? Why did you write that next to our names?”
“Thank you. I will see you in the morning.”
“Well, when Danny looked over your notebook this week before turning it in to a higher power, he thought that maybe if he turned in this particular entry, you would likely have your wings ripped out and your grace snuffed before you could blink. So, he removed these pages secretly and gave them to me.”
Castiel feels a ghost of a smile tug at his lips as he looks down at his red-headed friend. Anna is the only other guardian angel to stick by Castiel in this demotion mess. It is because she, like Castiel, knows what it is like to be fiercely protective of her human charge. Like Castiel, Anna has broken rules to defend the people she is assigned to.
Dean jumps minutely in his seat and slams the book closed on instinct. He barely makes eye contact with the guy standing in front of him when he asks, “Uh, yeah?”
i love being yelled at)
Sam could hear Dean shouting for Cas to stop, but it became whipped away in the din of the church shaking, got lost in the sound of Cas screaming.
“Why are your clothes all wrinkled?”
anyone. If you were, you would leave me the fuck alone and just let me live my life. But no, you have a ‘job’, right? Well I let you do your damn job. I let you observe me for the day, and make your creepy little observations. But now it’s time for you to get the fuck out, and leave me alone.”
“You have me.” Dean tilted down to kiss Cas’s neck, the bolt of his jaw. “You have me, Cas. You always did.”
Dean fondly rolls his eyes. “You know, you should listen to the guy who said that more often. I hear he’s a genius.”
He tenses, waiting for Dean to pull away. To shout at him like he deserves, to leave Cas behind. He winces when he feels Dean adjusting, sitting up against the pillows.
“Cupid.”
May holds up a hand. “Wait, wait. That’s why you both left so early? How do you know it was a psychic attack?”
John raises his head blearily, blinking at Dean. “Hey there, son,” he slurs.
When Cas smiled, it was subdued. “You thought of everything.”
“Jesus.” Sam ran a hand through his hair, laughing with no humor. “So you’re just going to run into the Empty with this half-baked plan. Nothing I say will even show you how
Eileen waved her hand to get Dean’s attention, pointing to the crackers. “Hawking theorized that there was nothing in space, and no concept of time, right?” She took the crackers off the table, holding them in her hands. “Nothing.”
“I dunno, you seem stressed out.”
“Sure,” Dean said. “Got that part.”
Cas landed on the couch next to Dean, the cushions bouncing from his weight. The beer in Dean’s lap sloshed over the side. Dean raised his eyebrows at Cas, who was situating himself under a blanket and looking oblivious.
“Sure,” Dean shrugs.
“I’m not saying what you did was wrong. You just broke a lot of angelic laws to get there. And that pisses angels with a stick up their butt off. Like Naomi, for example,” Anna grins, lightly punching him in the shoulder. “This is actually a nice change from you strictly following the rules. Was beginning to think that my rebellious friend Castiel had left for good.”
“You breathe in through the nose,” the therapist had told him, “and out through the mouth. It’ll slow you down.”
the bookshelf is not a metaphor for how cas sees dean and their relationship as a whole no sir definitely not
Kate-Nancy laughs. “We were just asking your husband that same question—he had the same reaction!”
He explains his worries to Anna when she calls his cell phone to ask how things are going.
“But you have to admit that there are people who would get along better than others,” Sam says, leaning back in his chair and settling in for a long conversation that they’ve had countless times before.
Cas’ hands become restless; he fiddles with a loose thread from the flowery duvet. “How so?”
“It’s never going to be the same. I… I ruined it.”
With a sigh, Cas lifts himself to his feet. There’s barely a moment of steadying himself before Dean is grabbing him, arms circling around his stiffened shoulders.
Dean looks down at his hands. The words sting, but he can’t put his finger on why.
With a nod, Cas crouches and dashes across the living room, disappearing.
Cas’ quiet laugh makes Dean look up. His breath catches in his throat at the sight of Cas full-on smiling at him, eyes bright, face finally free of tension. It’s a smile that Dean never saw when Cas was an angel.
“Dean?”
Without taking his eyes off the road in front of them, Cas reaches out and punches Dean in the arm. Dean chuckles.
,” he growled, “can everything not be a joke to you? For a
“No, Cas, I didn’t go the damn grocery store.” He sinks on the couch, scrubbing a hand over his face. From the brief months Dean experienced of Cas being newly human, he does remember Cas’ dark moods that came from being hungry. It was like constantly keeping on top of feeding a bear. “We’ll get food, okay? But first we need to make a plan.”
Cas’ shoulders slump. He looks at Dean, finally, with an exasperated expression. “I’m tired, Dean. Forgive me if I don’t exude as much excitement as you do about the whole affair.”
“Hey, Cas,” he says. His voice is choked. He hopes Cas doesn’t notice.
He squinted, waiting for his vision to adjust. Instead, things got impossibly darker the longer he looked into the distance. He shook his head to clear his clogged eardrums until he realized it was the silence, oppressive and pushing at his eardrums. Twisting, he searched for any pinprick of light, any sign of a route. There were no markers, no signs. Even the ground was so glossy and transparent that his feet seemed to be suspended in mid-air; like a puppet on strings, just hovering helplessly.
“He’s… my contact, Dean. He told me about the case—”
John Winchester’s eyes widened as the Empty began, “What are you talking ab—”
“It’s an expression.”
” Sam jostled his arm, hoping it’ll jostle sense into him, too. “It’s been months since you fell, and you’re still walking around mostly silent, barely eating, acting like a ghost. You need to figure out what the hell is going on in your head. For your sake. For
But, as Cas is taking another step toward Dean, his face just so open and imploring and
“I guess,” Dean says, scuffing the toe of his boot across the dirt floor.
. Where the hell were you bastards when my marriage was falling apart, huh? Why are you here for Dean just because he’s a pansy about
Castiel chews a French fry thoughtfully, knowing that he is now treading into dangerous territory. When Dean’s ex-boyfriend was mentioned by Sam, he’d responded irately and shut down the conversation immediately. But Castiel needs to gain ground with Dean and figure out what is holding him back from Lisa.
Dean hearing Cas’s voice was the last straw that freaked Sam out enough to call a therapist. Dean only agreed when Eileen came to him in tears. “A not-unusual effect of grief,” the therapist had said. “Especially when one loses a spouse.”
leave, either.”
It was supposed to be his redemption, closing the gates of hell: the one thing that Sam knew he could do with his life that was finally
He avoided the situation: as usual.
“Great plan,” he can hear Sam mutter as Dean goes head-first into the pouring rain.
“That wouldn’t be too much trouble?”
“The cave in Idaho,” Cas continued, his voice softer. “You seeing Chuck, your conversation with Sam… when I realized it was real.” He raised his eyes to Dean’s, his face crumpling. “Dean, you had to carry so much.”
Cas drew in a quick breath, his jaw clicking shut as he stared. Lightning flashed; the storm suddenly slowed, the rain suspending.
“He thought you were hiding. But you weren’t.”
“I guess angels don’t run for the hills when sex is involved, huh?” Dean asks as he pulls a laptop out of his bag.
— to somehow get his attention. He knows that Dean is asleep, that it’s good he’s asleep—but not being in contact with Dean somehow frightens him. He wants Dean to know that his eyes are open and Castiel
“Gross, who would?” Dean pats the computer’s hard-drive. “Well, I’m sorry to say, this guy is toast, for reasons unknown. I can put in a work order to have someone look at it, but it’s definitely not usable tonight.”
Sam rolled his eyes dramatically. “C’mon, Dean.”
this chapter was ridiculously hard to write. a huge shout out to woefulcas, galaxystiel, beefcakemish, and castielrisingabove for helping me with this chapter either through beta-ing or just talking out plot points - this story is literally taking a village.
“No, just—” Dean sighs. “Forget it. Maybe when you’re more human it’ll click.”
Sam looks at Cas far more apologetically than he did to Dean. “I know, Cas, I’m sorry. It seemed like a good idea in the moment, I just—”
Dean wagged a finger in the air with a wide grin. “Ah, but that wasn’t a question, and you just answered it by yourself.” He pours the amber liquid into each shot glass. He hands a glass to Castiel, who takes it warily.
“Should do it again sometime.”
Dean gapes in Cas’ wake.
Sam gripped the steering wheel tighter, the leather creaking. “I’m done trying to talk sense into you. It’s obviously a waste of time.”
Cas looks at Dean with something that’s almost a grin lighting up his face. “You seem to really love these books.”
“That was
, that would mean that the new god has a fucking conscience, and we can’t go having that, can we?” Dean growled, standing. “That would mean admitting that you gave a flying fuck about the guy who, by the way, called you a
Cas’ heart twinges as he realizes this is the first time Dean has acknowledged his presence. “Perhaps,” he says, eyes flickering away, “but strong evidence points to it.”
Jess claps her hands in delight and gasps, “Ha! Pay up, Mary, I won the bet!”
Cas shakes his head, closing his eyes. “I…” As he stands there, Dean can see the sharp planes of his shoulders shaking minutely. In a blink he goes from stone, to violently snatching a bag of salad and slam-dunking it into the cart. “I’d like to reimplement the strict observance of your rule,” he snaps before striding away.
Just… hang in there, okay? Just be there for him. That’s what he really needs. And call me in the morning when you get some rest.”
Rolling his eyes, Cas says, “No, angels do not date, Dean.”
Dean sighed. “Sammy...”
Dean’s stomach turns unpleasantly as Cas gives the girl a soft smile. “I was hoping to.”
“I’m—“ Castiel licks his lips; they’re painfully chapped. “I don’t want to do this either,” he confesses before his mind catches up with his mouth.
1. i haven't revealed what the note from cas to dean says
Sam saw tears spilling down Dean’s cheeks, but his lip didn’t quiver, and his voice remained steady. “I was in a closet, sir.”
. Just the absence of something.”
“Just tell me where to turn, smartass.”
“At least hear him out,” Sam says. “This is the rest of your life we’re talking about, Dean. And just because you’ve tried before—“
Pinching the bridge of his nose, Castiel huffs out, “They called it my ‘last chance’. If I fail, it shows how useless I’ve become to them.”
“What are you doing?” Sam asks suspiciously, after Dean has been silent for too long.
Cas nods. He’s fiddling with the rim of his coffee cup. “I see.”
,” Chuck said, wagging a finger in Dean’s face. He winced as Dean pushed the gun’s barrel harder into his skin. “However, my ending for you—seems to be working out just fine.”
(by the way, if you're someone who's read the whole fic, some dialogue might feel familiar at the end of this chapter. it's because I moved it from the end of chapter 11 and put it here instead!)
Castiel wets his dry lips. “I had thought—“
“How about a burger?”
Cas’ cheeks color. “Because, I.” He shuts his mouth, working his jaw, before continuing, “Because I am on a very strict, very difficult career path. I cannot afford distractions. Furthermore, my previous relationship ended in a bad way and was distracting to say the least, and if that were to happen again it would probably derail my academic efforts.”
“Basic run of the mill ex-angel confronting humanity after his grace was traumatically blown apart,” Gabriel said with a breezy wave of his hand. “Nothing too unusual.”
Dean admits, in that quiet moment in their own world, “When I’m with you, Cas, I always feel like I’m going places.”
“Not great,” Gabriel sighed, tilting backward on his heels. “But before we get into that—a snack. Anybody got candy? Lollipops preferred, not limited to?”
“I’m sorry,” Dean finally says after countless minutes of silence. “I’m the reason you can’t move, or talk, or function — and now, Anna told me about Claire’s memories and—” Dean takes a deep breath. “I feel so fucking guilty, Cas.”
Sam sighed. “You're really gonna make me say it?"
They spend the rest of the morning meandering aimlessly through neighborhoods close to the center of town. Dean occasionally points out a house that they pass by, telling Castiel what childhood friend of his grew up in that house, or which park he and his friends once got caught smoking at past midnight.
Dean looked incredulously at Jack’s hands. “The hell are you trying to do?”
“You’re late,” Bob announces as Dean and Cas approach.
!” he roars, slamming the brakes with full force.
Dean turned a corner toward the diner, seeing a group of kids clustered in front of it.
Quit it, he tells himself as he unlocks the car, jabs the key into the ignition. Not today.
“Cas, the guy was a kook that lived in the woods instead of having access to plumbing.”
Now, parked in front of Lisa’s apartment building, Dean feels strangely nervous and worried that he plunged into this a bit too quickly. He absently flicks his wipers on and off to push the rain off his windshield while he waits for her to appear.
Dean comes back at that moment, Lacy walking next to him with his hand in hers, a stick of cotton candy in the other.
Dean wakes to the feeling of sudden cold at his side, his arm instinctively reaching toward warmth that isn't there anymore. Vaguely, he remembers him and Cas falling asleep, curled around each other like cozy quotation marks, with Dean's nose pressed into Cas' hair. Now, Cas' unusually warm body heat has left, and Dean is blinking into the dim dawn light to find him again.
He must have hit his head, he thinks, because for some reason he can hear the ringing tone echoing in the alley, in simultaneous duet.
Handing it to Dean to look at, Cas says, “
Claire can’t explain the twinge in her chest at watching their retreating backs; can’t explain the inevitable smile that comes across her face when she sees Dean kiss the side of Cas’ head, then Lacy’s, making them beam twin smiles at him.
Lisa smells like freshly sprayed perfume. Falling into the passenger seat, she says with a smile, “I have to say, I was a bit surprised to get a call from you.”
“C-cave?” Chuck held up his hands wider, shaking his head. “Listen, Dean, you seem upset, but—”
Dean gives a single, sharp wave to the woman. “Pleasure.”
When Dean comes home, he knocks on Castiel’s door. Softly says his name through the door. Asks if they can’t just talk about this.
Hesitantly, Sam sat down on the other side of Miracle, legs crossed. He put a hand on the dog’s head, petting him absentmindedly. He took a deep breath, then out, before saying, “Eileen said that I should come talk to you.”
“We do need to talk about it, Dean, that’s the trouble.” He hears Cas sigh above him. “I have to admit that I have a crush on you.”
“Dean,” Sam snaps. It makes something in Dean’s head attach onto the sound, making him focus. “You’re rambling, okay? I need to know what happened.”
“I found similar information today,” Cas says. “The victims were either married or divorced. Never single.”
Dean found the note.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean stands at the sink for a moment. The simmering pitches to a full-blown boil. He throws the plate in the sink, ceramic shattering. He whirls around to see Cas staring wide-eyed. “Seriously, Cas?
Dean gripped her uninjured arm tightly, swallowing a lump in his throat. “I
Eileen looked at Gabriel expectantly; Gabriel swept a hand in front of him, saying, “Hey, you go for it.”
“Yes. That, and hunger.”
remember to subscribe to either my ao3 profile or the ascend series if you want more content - I'm not ready to let these boys go, and will be writing a lot more about their adventures in the future :)
Instead of asking a question after drinking, Cas slides to the floor from the couch and stares despondently at the coffee table. “I feel estranged from my own family,” he admits. “I was never one to obey rules. I would constantly anger my superiors and get reprimanded for interfering with human affairs. Only Anna is my true friend in my ‘family’, but even she makes me feel like an outsider, at times.”
He remembers Benny taking showers at unusual hours, when his diner closed late at night, and he wanted to get the smell of food off him.
the trees whispered as Dean opened the door of the motel room and pulled on his coat.
Cas pulled the sliding door close, his footsteps vibrating the porch as he walked toward Dean. “Kaia started playing, and it got… intense.”
Castiel clears his throat. Sets the glass down on the table and taps the bottle of alcohol. “My turn to drink.”
The figure springs at them.
In twenty point three minutes, Dean has emerged in a grey button-up shirt and dark-washed jeans. Castiel can’t imagine why Lisa and Dean are so aversive to each other; they are both very attractive people. Castiel’s eyes linger on Dean’s pleasingly symmetrical face a beat too long.
For shit’s sake. He retreats to the kitchen, letting his breakfast plate clatter noisily into the sink; anything to get some life into this room. In front of him, the bare birch tree’s branches are framed by the window as they sway slightly in the fall gale. Dean sneaks a look at Cas around his shoulder. He’s sitting at the table, despondently hanging his head low toward the blue checkered tablecloth.
They both turn their heads to the sound of Dean stumbling down the stairs. His hair is sticking up and he’s blearily rubbing his eyes.
Dean’s life will no doubt be much brighter when Castiel returns to Heaven, permanently leaving Dean alone to manage his own relationship with Lisa. The thought of Castiel leaving this house, of losing his routine of spending dinners with Dean and having afternoon coffee with Charlie—the thought of having no one to spend time with in Heaven like he has the past two weeks—clenches his heart painfully.
Sam clicked off the TV and followed John right out the door. He wasn’t going to get left behind again
“College is an ample waste of time, I don’t blame you,” Cas says. There’s a noise in the background that Dean can’t quite identify. “Dean, I’m sorry to cut this short, but my mother needs help dealing with the movers.”
Dean pushed him away. Chuck slid to the ground, coughing and rubbing at his chest. He frowned at Dean, blearily, as Dean clenched and unclenched his fists, trying to get his breathing back under control.
“That must be love, if you’d paint a stupid bee on your face for them.”
“A shelter.” Cas picks up a bag of grapes, brow crinkling. “I think I like these.” He deposits them in the cart.
“Oh,” Cas replies. “I see.”
And likely from Castiel’s presence in general.
“It won’t work,” Cas said. The storm clouds rolled in faster. “It was my grace, Dean.
“Yeah but you’re—“
“So use another one,” Dean suggests.
(See the end of the chapter for
They stay like that, for a few moments—Cas sitting on the railing, legs bracketing Dean in front of him. Dean can hear the sound of Cas’ windchimes taking flight on the warm wind.
Dean sighs dejectedly, knowing that he hasn’t found the source of the problem. “Then what’s
“I’m not.”
A light blinded him as Dean cracked open his eyes.
A familiar outline is slumped in a chair against the back wall, unmoving, face tilted toward the ground.
“Totally. Gives me incentive to finish it.” Dean shifts in his seat. “I’m, uh, Dean by the way.”
Dean turned his head toward the window, pressing his forehead against the cool glass as his eyes grew heavy. He’d probably need stitches. There was probably some leftover nylon thread in the first aid kit. He’d have to convince Eileen to do it—Sam was probably pissed enough in that moment to make sure his sloppy stitching would give Dean a big scar. He could still hear his brother talking, but it sounded like fuzzy cotton in his ear.
rather than filling out an order, and barks at him to get his head out of the clouds.
“Completely… close it off?” Sam whispered.
It was probably some screwed up side-effect of having Michael possessing him; Michael’s last stronghold of taunting and torturing him in some way. Making him think that he was less lonely, somehow, or less alone.
A nod to the existential. At death that inevitably comes.
Jody winked at Dean while replying, “Good to hear it,” and turned on her heel.
to be an asshole, I’m trying to be pragmatic, Dean. I read a police report in Florida that said three little girls died because their mom suddenly up and killed them before disappearing. And another one in Canada with a nurse going on a killing spree in the hospital he worked at. That’s because of
“Dean, I—“
“For fuck’s sake,” Dean grumbles, angrily jamming the Impala into park.
“Oh, my god. That stupid bastard,” Mary groans.
“I know we’ve discussed children,” Cas continues, voice soft. “I know you want them. And nothing—” Dean can hear his breath hitch. “Nothing would make me happier than to give them to you. But I don’t know if…”
Dean stills his hand while in the soapy water. His jaw twitches as he tries to reign in a sweep of anger. He shuts off the water and pushes the suds down the drain with a sponge. He wipes his hand on a dishtowel and faces Castiel, hip propped against the sink, arms crossed defensively. “You won’t ever give this up, will you?”
“We can try it on the rocks, if you want.”
of yours took away my powers just one state over. I’ve been poor and destitute, by the way, just going shelter to shelter.”
be happening. He may not have left you voluntarily, so don’t jump to any crazy conclusions.”
Crowley’s lips pulled back into a grin. “Got something dirty in here, angel?” He quickly unlatched the compartment with his other hand, snatching the only object that was in there: a mixtape.
He was on the hill outside of the bunker.
“Not just that but Heaven, too. It’s… it’s in shambles.” Jack bit at his lip. “I felt the need to rebuild it, to help the souls that were already there. And then when Gabriel found me, told me what was happening with the Empty—” His fingernails went white as he pressed them harder into his temple, “—I just couldn’t believe I didn’t even notice the danger before.”
“Cas, you’re
“Nothing has penetrated my—“
“Dean.” Cas takes a step forward, hand out imploringly. “You’ve done your best. But it’s not your job to fix your father; or anybody, for that matter. I’m not upset with you. No one is hurt. Stop beating yourself up about it.”
“Is it about Cas?”
loud; sometimes she’s not. So when I was finally able to harness my power—make a vessel, get back on the ground—my first thought was to try to get Castiel in the Empty. I used my powers to go there, and… and it found me. Almost right away.”
“The lake?” Sam asks.
Dean opens one eye. “Oh yeah? What?”
Castiel wants to tell her thank you, for taking care of Dean while he can’t, but can only squeeze her hand instead, hoping she receives the message.
They noticed Dean as he got closer to the group, their eyes dodging his gaze. Dean slowed his pace as he approached the diner door, frowning.
<3 ;)
“It’s just…” Dean swipes a hand over his face. “It’s too much.”
(ALSO - the chapter after this is far less angsty and upsetting, and dare I say fluffy, so if you want to stall reading this until the next chapter is out, i'll be posting that in a few days)
One clue is these nightmares that Cas seems to have almost every night this week; after Dean showed Cas how to use the shower, he’s heard the damn thing creak on at some ungodly hour.
“I’m sure that’s not true.” Cas sits on the edge of the bed, by Dean’s feet. “You mentioned… one name that I didn’t recognize.”
Adjusting his leather messenger bag’s strap on his shoulder, Cas nods. “Maybe to-go, this time? I’m late for my lecture.”
He knocks softly on the door before entering the bedroom again. His heart stutters at the sight of Dean having burrowed under the blankets, his disarrayed hair sticking up from the edge of the sheets. Dean lifts his head and grunts in greeting.
“That’s not fair,” Cas says, his face contorting.
Dean gives him no time to recover. Grabbing Sam by the arm, he asks, “What the
Dean jumps to his feet and squints into the crowd. Sure enough, the seat where May and Faith once sat is empty.“That wasn’t the plan, right?”
“‘kay well… let me know.” Faith smiles, a small and nervous flash of it.
Dean scrubbed a hand over his face and sighed. His eyes wandered across the treeline. A crow cawed in the distance.
“Number Two: I don’t wanna know where the hell you were in the past year, okay? It doesn’t matter. It doesn’t help the hunt.”
Castiel blames it on the lack of sleep when his hand reaches out and gently grasps Dean’s arm. “Dean…”
“Helping Mom in her bookstore, jerk.”
“I didn’t throw it away. It was for a good cause.”
“Wait,” Dean whispered. “This is—”
thinking of them.
After catching up on a couple of episodes of
It only took one terrible moment for Cas to make his decision, and change his and Dean’s future forever, with Sam having to pick up the broken pieces left behind. Without any thought, without any hesitation.
Cas laces his hands in front of him. “When we began our physical relationship, I thought it was of benefit to you. You seemed happier and more relaxed. However, the past few weeks have taken the opposite toll. You seem anxious and the circles under your eyes are a clear indication you’re not getting a good rest. So I think it’s best if we stop.”
Cas swung a glare toward Gabriel. “I was confined to this bed against my will, actually.”
“What example do you suggest I follow, Dean?” Cas asks. “Should I use your countless reckless decisions and penchant for self-sacrifice as a template?”
“How I live is none of your goddamn business,” Dean snapped, hauling himself to his feet. Empty whiskey bottles clanked as he kicked them across the floor, stumbling to his dresser and pulling out a flannel. “Are you just here to bitch at me or do you actually have news?”
“Seriously?” Dean huffs. “This is my house, man. Don’t you angels have any sense of privacy?”
is going to start leaking out of it. And even a small amount of it could decimate the entirety of North America.”
Sam looked over at Dean, the streetlights flashing across his pinched face. “No more bars, Dean. Please.”
Cas stares back at him challengingly. “I fail to see how this is my problem.”
“I’m not asking you and Cas to go get matching polos or make out in public,” Sam says, trying to placate. “Just… do it to gain the neighbors’ trust, okay?”
Dean swallowed hard, his body going still. Cas’s face softened into a smile.
in the extreme circumstance—but, a demotion? He feels surprise momentarily unbalance him. His tongue flickers over his dry lips. “Sir, I don’t—“ he begins.
Not waiting for a response, he walked with heavy footsteps into the hallway, avoiding Eileen’s outstretched hand as he passed. Claws tapped on the hardwood floor as Miracle followed Dean close behind.
“Sure can. Charlie taught me how.” He winks as he takes a sip of Cas’ coffee. Cas narrows his eyes.
“So there really is a cupid,” Mary says. “I thought Sam was just pulling my leg.” Instead of shaking Castiel’s outstretched hand, she slaps Dean soundly across the arm. “Why didn’t you tell me what was going on with you?”
and not getting an answer?”
“Yeah, friends,” Dean is saying, “and you know what friends do? Tell each other what’s on their mind. And what the hell crawled up their butt so that they ran away from that said friend over the weekend and then ignored him for days afterwards.”
Dean glances at him; seems to pick up the undercurrent of Cas’ tone. “I don’t think he was gonna pull the trigger, Cas,” Dean says, his voice softer.
Dean takes Castiel’s hand in his, smiling unconvincingly. “I’m fine, Cas. Get some rest.”
“Hey, Cas, remember when you couldn’t make coffee to save your life?” he asks with a grin, shooting for a light mood, perching on a stool at the kitchen island.
“Finally, someone on my side. Thank you, Jess.”
“But you’re still clearly upset by it. You were afraid for him, for being hurt or being in pain—and don’t argue, because I know you,” Mary says with a raised finger when Dean opens his mouth to protest. “The way I saw you treat Castiel during our family dinner, the way that you both were in this very bookstore—it looked like more than friendship.”
“Okay.” Dean slurped another bite of soup. “So that’s weird.”
“Maybe you don’t need words.” Sam shrugged when Dean looked at him. “Maybe you just need to show him.”
“Whatever, it is, we need to shoot it,” Cas says.
He frowns at the girl whipping back and forth on the swing, blonde hair scattering in the wind.
Castiel squints thoughtfully at Dean’s retreating back. This Dean is the opposite of the flirtatious and brash Dean that Castiel experienced this morning. Curious.
“It was good seeing you again, Castiel,” she says in parting with a warm smile.
“Claire told me it’s your signature move. And then she started talking about you being ‘bye’. Did she mean that this gesture is how you say goodbye?”
“Yeah, we’re not a couple,” Dean says. Cas tries to ignore the decisiveness in his tone.
“It was fucking weird. Is that what you want me to say, Sam?” Dean commenced to washing the last dish, scraping cheese into the garbage below the sink. “He didn’t even act like our Cas. Even when he talked, it was just… he was a stranger. Being human made him totally goddamn different.” Dean absently scrubbed the dish. “I got on him—our Cas, I mean—about the weed thing because the apocalypse is done and all that shit, but that future could still happen, ya know? Maybe Cas is one of those angels that could be a crazy hippy stoner, human or not. I dunno.”
“Better be,” Dean snapped back.
“There’s suffering in the world,” Jack said, his face contorting, “suffering that I had to help. It doesn’t matter who I care about. I had to
Cas pulls the case files into his arms and shoves them into an empty kitchen drawer. “I assure you, I did not invite anyone.”
“I promised,” Cas said, barely above a hush. “I promised him—”
“Yeah. I compared past measurements of vampire bites we’ve found on people to these, and they’re at least a few centimeters off.”
Sam’s floppy-haired head looks up from his laptop when Dean enters the kitchen. “How’d it go?” he asks.
“He was almost right, to be fair.” Gabriel tapped at his chin. “Just got a few crucial things wrong. Based on what I saw in the Empty, at least.”
Dean wakes up to a very unusual noise.
see?”
Thanks so much for sticking with the story you guys. One more chapters of these boys being stupid and we finally get some happiness, I PROMISE.
Firm hands grabbed his shoulders. A face swam in his vision. Blue eyes. “Hey,” a voice said firmly. “
His fingers reached and stretched—he grabbed the string in his fist, energy bursting against his palm. A blue light exploded around him, and the Empty’s roars snapped away.
“Nope.” Dean catches himself staring at Cas’ long, nimble fingers hovering over the body, and shakes himself. “Why are you doing that, dude?”
“Okay, fine." Sam tightened his grip on Cas’ ankle. You said you feel resentment? Well, I know why. You feel resentment toward Dean, right? For what you gave up. And it’s not that he’s not worth it, but—you’re reeling from it, and you’re in a bad place, and you just need
-Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
“It’s like I told you, man." Dean assumes a defensive posture of arms crossed over his chest. “Lucifer was ridin’ you and Cas was stoned out of his mind, leavin’ future-me to fight the good fight with whatever humans were left. It was bloody, it was war. It was fucked up. What else do you want me to say?”
here we go, back at it again with dean and his free cas podcast (@saminzat said this to me while betaing this chapter and i have not stopped laughing at this concept)
, Cas, it’s just—she obviously likes you. And we’re not even really in a relationship, so flirt with whoever you want, and… go for it, or whatever.”
“Castiel.”
But the words were coming without his control, spilling out of him— “You called him a father, and then you abandoned him. Abandoned
Dean abandons all pleasantries and just starts striding away. He kicks himself for not thinking of it before. The lake was one of the first things that psychopath mentioned when she met Cas at that barbecue—Dean remembers Cas accounting the conversation to him later. And the fact that she even
Eileen? I can’t just blur her out like that!”
“Didn’t think what, Cas?” Sam grabbed Cas by the arm, shaking him until Cas turned his desolate expression to his. “You knew this would happen, didn’t you? You knew and you didn’t stop it, right?”
who will likely be furious with Castiel and not want to speak to him.
“So how do we stop it?” Dean asked. “What do we do?”
if you wanna come yell at me on tumblr, i am
“They could be destroyed,” Cas whispers. “There’s no guarantee that—”
to think of what
As the sun began to dip past the horizon, he flipped on his headlights, eyes adjusting to the darkness.
“At least someone in this room likes me,” Dean muttered.
Cas’s hand moved toward Dean’s at the end of the movie as they stood, almost as a reaction rather than a calculated thought. Dean hadn’t noticed, and walked away as Cas stood empty handed.
“That is my opinion as well,” Anna chimes into the phone.
“Sammy, cool it—I’m fine.” Dean rubbed at his forehead, feeling a headache coming on. He glanced around the room. “How long was I out?”
Dean shakes his head. Says softly in the space between them, “That’s too much love.”
“Okay, fine, but he was still a crazy person. And he just rants about the economy, and is a hipster douche who judges people for buying furniture instead of making it themselves. How the hell does it teach you anything?”
Dean met Cas’s eyes, gripping his shoulder tighter. “You can let your grace explode—but aim it at the Empty. It’s been chasing me through your memories this whole time. I’d bet money that it’s right outside your shell or whatever you call it, just waiting for us to walk out of here.”
With a flick of his wrist, Gabriel snatched the Funyuns from Dean. He held one up high, dropping it into his mouth before fixing Eileen with a grin. “How much do you know about the Big Bang Theory?”
“Dude, you’ve never asked me about my dates.”
, Castiel thinks, unable to speak. He tries to take a step toward him, but his legs are too weak, and he falls against the doorframe. He tries to say Dean’s name; tries to yell after him as he watches his back retreat down the hallway, but he can’t speak, can’t breathe, and his eyelids are heavy, his whole body is heavy, pulling him down…
space, eating
“Yes. Luckily a volunteer had an epipen on-site. Oranges?”
Nodding absently, Dean’s hand remains against Castiel’s face, his thumb stroking against his temple. “You’ll be okay,” he tells him firmly.
Sam heard the fight, in the morning on the day that Cas left.
Gabriel, mouth wide, gestured at Eileen and Sam. “Look, I’m just making pleasant acquaintances. What, do you want me to
“I’m sorry,” he whispers in the space between them. Dean barely stirs. “I’m sorry for taking away your choice, and then taking myself out of the equation.” He closes his eyes against the tide of
The lecture is in his least favorite area of linguistics: semantics. He fumbles through his notes, not entirely confident in what he’s saying, and can only think about the suitcase by the door that Dean will probably trip over when he gets home.
The familiar urgency in Sam’s voice spurs Dean to push Cas to the ground with himself on top of him without any hesitation. He raises his head in time to see one of Faith’s limbs pierce the drywall in front of them. Plaster rains on their heads.
“I need you not interfere,” Cas told Sam. He grabbed Sam’s shoulder in a vice-like grip. “No matter what happens. Do
“It could have been a curse,” Cas says. “Not necessarily within the monster’s abilities.”
“Well, Cas had a point,” Dean replies with a gesture in said cupid’s direction, “which is that it can’t hurt to just try. So, I’m trying Anyway, Lisa is skeptical about the whole thing, too, so we’re just taking things slow.”
If there was a way to feel Cas’s smile, he would have felt it right then. Lighting up his brain, like a ray of sunshine on his skin.
Cas clears his throat. “Oh, I’m… I’m fine.”
There is an unfamiliar car in Dean’s driveway when they pull into it. Castiel turns to Dean for an explanation.
Castiel’s hand feels suddenly cold when Dean leaves it to lay on the table and walks away. After briefly rummaging in a kitchen drawer, he produces a roll of bandage tape and a tube of antiseptic, then wets a washcloth at the sink. “Dean, this isn’t necessary, really, I’m—“
Snorting, Jen took another drag. “Somehow I believe you on that.” She scratched at her temple with dirty fingernails. “If you’re talking about that small little cave that was there, no, we didn’t find anything. I checked it out myself—lots of kids running in and out of it since the landslide last  month, wanted to make sure we weren’t crushing anyone with our work this morning.”
“Gabe could be flaunting his feathery ass in here at any minute,” Dean said, “and you want me to eat
“Yeah, you guys were washing dishes in there for a while. Everything okay?”
“I said to
“Oh. Well. Lisa wanted to hang out this afternoon.”
Dean’s lips twist into a wry smile. “I thought that you didn’t think it was worth it. That’s why I was upset. I don’t blame you for doing what you did, though. Saving me, I mean. Not even for a second.”
“All right, all right. Cool it.” Crowley primly placed the tape into Cas’s open palm. He adjusted his coat, frowning at the dashboard. “So, lover boy finally go soft on you or something?”
“Hello again,” Castiel offers.
“I’ll…” Cas raises a finger, like he’s going to say something else. Doesn’t. Instead he turns on his heel and takes long strides toward the exit, his trenchcoat flapping at his heels.
“Me too,” Dean says.
He researched for hours, ignoring Sam’s sad glances across the war table. He drank what he could to numb the pain. He tried to keep to himself, not to let Sam and Eileen’s loving domesticity get to him, show him what could have been if he’d just—
Dean scoffed, but let himself be yanked into a hug all the same. “If anybody could make that threat and mean it, it’s you.”
“No matter how successful this mission is,” Castiel clarifies.
“I’ll take the couch tonight,” Dean finally says.
Cas’ face is twisted in confusion. “Dean, what is all this?”
was responding.
Cas holds up the book to Dean’s face: a giant flower is plastered on the front. “I’m going to identify wildflowers, Dean.”
Based on the curse—a man’s voice, from the sound of it—and the sound of someone stumbling back, it is.
“You just told me you want to call in a missing persons case. For an
“Yes,” Eileen said. “Time, space, matter… all of it.”
Does Cas even realize how gorgeous he is? Even with those perpetually dark circles under his eyes and the underwhelming outfits he wears? “Did you….” He clears his throat. “Um.”
Dean lifted his head from his hands when he heard a movement in the hallway. Jack and Cas’s murmured voices talked for a moment, followed by the soft
“You say you’re not gonna be like Chuck, that you’re not gonna interfere—but that’s bullshit, isn’t it?” Dean held his hands out at his sides, smiling without an ounce of humor. “This is all just a fucking game to you, right? Just like it was to Chuck.”
<3 stay well and stay safe my friends
Sam’s voice calling for Cas breaks his reverie. He follows Sam’s beckoning gesture up the porch and through the door.
“I…” Cas’s face contorted as he shook his head. The storm was suddenly above them, rain pelting their cheeks. “There’s no guarantee it wouldn’t make the tear bigger. Or that you’d even be safe.”
After doing a quick calculation of measurements in his head, Castiel decides, “I don’t think I’ll be able to take that today. I rode my bike here and I’m not sure I can fit the box anywhere…”
“For six
Mary looks between her sons steadily, then says, “We need to make tea for this conversation.”
Dean and Sam watched the interaction with raised eyebrows. “
okay! without further ado, because dean and cas have been apart for WAY too long - here's the chapter. :)
Dean stared at Cas incredulously. “A
His gaze slid back to the highway, remembering the way that Cas’s eyes glinted in the dark as he smiled.
Miracle bumped into Dean’s leg, sitting expectantly at his feet. It jolted Dean out of his shock of not having seen Jack in months—at how utterly the same he looked. Dean cleared his throat. “Hey.”
Sam looks at him with way too much meaning in his eyes. “You know why.”
“‘kay, good, because I remember reliving the time a chick kicked me in the nuts.
Humming in agreement, Dean begins to push the cart, once again making their journey. “Let’s keep an eye on them.”
“Sometimes I don’t even know why you hang out with me, man,” Dean sighs, mostly to himself.
. It’s written by Thoreau.”
been spending a lot of time with that cupid. In fact, I’m surprised your he isn’t with you today,” Mary adds before taking a generous bite into her apple.
“Even…?”
“We prayed to him, after we ganked that ghost. Thought we’d get a kick out of an angel at a carnival.”
Lisa takes a shaky sip of water and sets it onto the table, running her fingers through the condensation. “I didn’t want Heaven to get involved. For this cupid to come and try to mediate things… I didn’t want that.”
“Overdramatic,” Sam says with a grin.
“It’s not your fault, Cas. Seriously. I don’t blame you for a second.” Dean wraps the hospital gown tighter around himself. “I blame myself, for being a coward. Not really facing the dangers that are out there.”
Sam shot his brother a warning look; Jack nodded.
Well, that got him far.
Dean pulled at the bonds that burned his wrists, mouth wide and yelling with a voice he no longer had. He grasped around his head for Cas’s voice, anything, but nothing responded.
A hand grabs his shoulder, and he’s whirled around to face Cas. “Dean, what’s going on?”
find him. He’s not there.”
“Well I’m fine now,” Dean grumbles, unsteadily pushing himself to his feet.
Cas gives him a Look, exasperated. “Dean.”
“See, Sam?” Dean sputters, throwing a hand in the air toward Cas. “How the hell is this going to work?”
But John just keeps talking. “—even your own mother, you took her side but you didn’t even know what you were taking her side
“Never heard of ‘im.”
“So,” Cas ventures. He doesn’t elaborate.
The singing in his head cut off.
“—but around any of your coworkers you pretend to like things that may be more socially acceptable or ‘cool’.” Cas lowers his forehead to the table; poor guy is finally feeling the alcohol. “A dichotomy,” he murmurs into the wood.
Dean is prepared to paste on a fake smile; once he sees who it is, he realizes that he doesn’t have to. Instead a genuine grin spreads across his face as he says, “Hey, Cas.”
“No, no, it was simple.” Sam opens his mouth as if to say more, but Dean has slammed the car door shut, coming to stand next to Sam. His hands are shoved into his jean pockets, and he’s glaring at his shoes.
“It’s the profession, Dean. You said it yourself.”
Sam huffs out a humorless laugh. Sorry, just… it’s been hard for everyone, Dean. Not just you.”
“So that’s a yes,” Sam translated, rolling his eyes.
Little warning: there's a... less than innocent scene in this chapter? if you don't want to read it, it's after a break about 2/3 through the chapter; don't worry, you won't miss any plot.
Castiel frowns, eyes trained on the abandoned sandwich in front of him.
There’s a perky brunette at the counter to greet them as they walk through the door. “Welcome! How are you guys today?”
Dean knew he had a soulmate out there somewhere. He just ignored every sign of there being one.
He lets Castiel sit in the front seat this time, and can’t seem to stop talking about his day. In the middle of his story about how a boy named Henry tried to draw on another girl’s face (and explaining it was because he was trying to show the girl he ‘like liked’ her), Castiel realizes that this is Dean at his happiest. He seems to have forgotten about his aversion to Castiel, and is a warm and inviting presence.
“Cas, what— “
“Oh.” Castiel is critically aware of Dean’s hand near his. His breath catches in his throat when a few of Dean’s fingers trail up to Castiel’s, lightly touching them before leading the book back onto the shelf.
“Yup. Invulnerable unless you stab them with a silver knife in the heart and twist once."
“Uh, well… you know.” Dean glances over his shoulder at Cas, who is making busy with the files. “It’s going.”
“Hell yeah, why not?” Jody sat into the couch opposite from the dining table, giving the seat next to her a pat. “I’ll call Donna and Patience, put them on speakerphone so they can hear this too.”
“Because of… what, Cas, no.” Dean held out a hand, waving it toward him. “I’m avoiding you because of…
He sent a desperate, quick prayer to Jack. Unsurprisingly, there was no reply.
Across the room, Sam groans and holds his head in his hands.
“You boys coming or what?” Jody yelled from the door.
Dean considers. He looks down at the frayed, yellowed paper. It’s been twenty years. It’s likely that the number is disconnected, or belongs to someone else.
AND ON THE SUBJECT OF THAT "ascend" is going to be a series!! I have a sequel in mind for sure, and possibly more after that... maybe even a season 16 sort of deal. i don't know yet! but like i implied in this epilogue, the possibilities are truly endless. here's two ways you can stay up to date with me posting that:
“Uh.” Dean hurriedly pushes the papers together, to get them off the damn table and away from Cas’ eyes. If he had known that Cas was going to show up out of the blue, he would have cleaned the papers up and put them out of sight. “It’s nothing, just some… research…”
At the doorstep is a young woman Dean doesn’t recognize. But Cas seems to, judging by his welcoming smile.
“Hey, c’mon—” Dean hears lightning crack.
“You know why Cas left, Sammy?”
Dean pinches the bridge of his nose. “Is this seriously happening.”
Stunned silence hung in the room as Gabriel nodded sharply, turning on his heel to leave. Shakily, Dean stood, stumbling after him.
Dean’s eyes barely leave his computer screen. “Mm,” he replies. He picks it up; sips. Grimaces. “That’s disgusting.”
“You remember me?” Dean blurts out.
When Dean drives away for his date with Lisa that night, Castiel has no choice but to shroud himself in invisibility with what little grace he has left and follows, knowing he has no choice to do anything else.
me. “None whatsoever,” he dutifully says.
Dean sits up and grabs his laptop, plopping it on his lap. “Yeah, yeah, he’s a genius. Don’t tell him I said that or I’ll deny it.”
The fight drained from Dean’s shoulders. The red hot anger faded from his vision. What was left in its place was Jack, a god with all the power in the world, looking as scared and unsure as a powerless human.
Dean props his hip against the counter as he pours the coffee in a to-go cup. He squints out the window, at the quiet street and mailman walking past. “So, you having a good semester?” he asks to fill the silence. The silence continues, so he turns his head. “Cas?”
Shaking his head, Dean lets out a gusty sigh. There’s an interesting patch of dirt on the wood-panel floor that Dean would rather stare at than looking at Cas, and what his reaction to all of this is. He’d rather not know what Cas is thinking, having to potentially pretend to be with Dean in … that way. Dean would rather miss the look of disgust. He hastily shoves it out of his mind and locks the mental door.
“Found my own bounty,” he proclaims. “What did you find?”
clear to you. I oversee the rest of your miserable life. I’m not blind to how you’ve been treating Dean Winchester; you don’t think I’ve had people watching you two?” She waves a finger in his face mockingly. “Naughty, Castiel, getting too close to a human again. Leave it to you to make it in the most blasphemous way.”
Dean spends the rest of his afternoon heavily distracted. What is Cas not telling him? Does he want to go back to Heaven? Is he getting sick and bored of watching Dean drag his feet about the Lisa situation? Did the almost-kiss-that-really-wasn’t-an-almost-kiss really actually freak him out in ways Dean couldn’t detect?
“No, no way,” Dean said, pushing himself to his elbows and inching away from Cas. “You promised, man. No possession. No nothing. I said I’d do these fucking trials, I said—” He stopped, coughs wracking his body.
Dean looks caught off guard, momentarily; he catches himself and mutters disdainfully, “Fucking robot.” He looks over his shoulder; shakes his head as he looks at his students on the playground.
Cas gives Dean a deprecating grin. “That memory hasn’t happened yet.”
She looks very serious. “I could tell it was you by the description of your eyes.”
He scrubbed a hand over his face. This was stupid. His whole prayer was stupid.
“This monster is.” He frowns at the back of Jerry and Jari’s head, pitches his voice lower. “Although I’m not convinced that it’s those two. I’m not sure why but I’m not.”
Cas’ eyes flicker down. He reaches out a hand and places it on Dean’s arm. It fits perfectly where the scar of his handprint is, etched on Dean’s skin. “I have a favorite memory.”
Dean says, voice raised and sharp, “Don’t you dare bring that up, you son of a—”
to accept. But if we just let the world that he helped save go to crap, if you end up dying just to get him back—what then? How is that honoring his memory at all?”
“Crystal Lake. It’s half a mile from here,” Dean explains with a significant look in Sam’s direction. “Faith took Cas there once.”
for this fic. it has some good moody tunes, if that's your thing.
After a moment’s hesitation, Castiel rests a gentle hand on Dean’s shoulder. Dean has done the same for him many times, and it’s always brought him comfort. “Tell me what happened, Dean.”
“Shit,” Dean says under a breath. He turns to greet Jari and Jerry with a thoroughly fake smile. “Oh, hey there… Jerrys.”
Turning toward the front door, Dean pauses and looks thoughtfully the keys in his hand. “If things are, well… if things are ‘connecting’ between us now, does that mean you’ll go back to Heaven?”
Bob pushes her backward. “We don’t know them, May. Can it.”
They lay there in silence for a few breaths. Dean's hand continues to make patterns across Cas' back. Cas’s fingers stroke comforting paths through his hair, and Dean feels his eyes slowly droop as he falls back into sleep.
“Please, tell me how I can—“
Dean loudly sighs. “Jesus.” He snatches back the phone and nimbly finds the app, typing in directions for the nearest grocery store. “There. Just tell me what streets to go on.”
Cas’s hands gripped Dean’s arms, spasmed.
“Unfortunately, yes. We think another portal opened up in North Dakota. Devil’s Lake, specifically—I know, the irony.”
Gabriel glanced at him. “Jody said it’d only take twenty minutes.”
Cas blinks, staring down at the object. “Oh, I…”
“You take everyone’s burdens upon yourself.”
His feet carefully navigated around the tiny threads of black liquid as he approached the rocks. The middle of the pile was collapsed, like a dome’s top had fallen in. Dean carefully removed a few of the rocks in the middle, his fingers ginger as he took the last one off.
“Nope.” Dean leaned against the counter, arms crossed. “Did you need something?”
“Psychology,” Claire says, “if I’m smart enough for it.”
“Sounds good. Bye, bitch.”
now. I shouldn’t be complaining to a veteran.”
“Yeah, because that’s worked out so well up till now. Sam told me that he’s been dead for four
“Do you think we were set up?” Cas whispers in Dean’s ear. They round the corner toward the concession stand.
They stand, brushing the sand off their jeans, and walk back to the Impala.
As Lisa laughs at the story, Dean’s head flickers through images of all the times he found his dad in the bathroom, after a bender; the times where he thought he couldn’t find a pulse under his dad’s skin.
“Then what’s up?”
“I won’t.” Dean turned on his heel, hands in his pockets, and began to walk away.
“No, Jesus—
Cas glares at him, but it doesn’t hold much anger. “Dean,” he sighs. The man, Dean, winks back at him.
!” Claire shrieked, commencing to frantically kick and almost knock herself off the swing.
“Finally, something we agree on,” Dean chimes in, not breaking Castiel’s gaze.
Castiel narrows his eyes at Dean. His spine stiffens to a straighter pose. “No.”
NOTE: I haven't had any nsfw or sexy times in this fic so far, but this chapter contains very very light description of sexual acts. If that's not your cup of tea,
With a single note of Cas’s voice, the memories all fell away like a wave cresting the shore. Looking up, Dean saw the surface of the water, the light shimmering above.
“Dean, I know that, but you can't just ignore facts!”
He tries not to be bothered that for the last month Dean has been utterly obsessed with this girl: from late night phone calls to taking her to romantic dinners softened by candlelight.
Please—”
Hawking,” he asked, deadpan. “Stephen Hawking? Smartest guy on the planet?”
“Sorry for what?”
“Pie,” Dean automatically replies. “Maybe burgers.”
Dean opens his mouth to argue, but Cas gently lays a hand on his arm. “What made you think that we’re the monsters?” he asks.
to just lock him up there forever?” Dean yelled. “Why am I the only one finding this to be goddamn
Dean doesn’t want to try things with Lisa; he just wants results, to please Heaven or whatever.
His eyes flutter; his vision is momentarily blurry. He sees outlines and shapes before the image becomes fully defined: the curve of Dean’s back, the soft daylight filtering in from the closed curtains, the shape of the thick comforter pulled up to his chin.
“I was
Shame thrummed through Dean’s body as he choked out, “If you knew—”
? Cas, what the hell are you talking about?”
Enjoy a little fluff <3 (Chloe, this is for you, since you had to read my angsty chapter during a bad day!)
It stops.
Sam straightens. He says, very gravely, “Yes. He’s my brother’s husband.”
Dean blinks up at him, sinking further into the couch. There’s a strange tension dancing off Cas’ body. “Uh, sure, Cas. Sounds good.”
She puts a finishing touch on the bumblebee’s antenna before sitting back in her chair, grinning at the sight of a grown man with a bumblebee taking up half his face. “All done! Want a mirror?”
“What do you mean by if someone doesn’t pair with their soulmate, they won’t be able to have lasting relationships with anyone else?”
