Tony shakes his head. He looks delirious with need. “No, no. I want the edge. I want to feel it. Don’t, don’t let me until you? Okay? Okay? Don’t let me until you’re ready to.”
“Boss, Captain Rogers’ heart is accelerating. He might be having a panic attack or have an undiagnosed heart condition,” Friday reports.
As he hurried out of the car, he heard Pepper warning Rumlow, “Do not strike him. Mister Stark gave you explicit instructions.”
As he’s considering his cursed heart, his implant chimes telling him he’s received a notification. Notifications tend to be like updates on people he’s tagged in his system to keep him informed on their status. He taps his implant and accesses the notification system.
“Excuse me, I’m looking for Clint Barton?” he said and one of the not-nurses pointed to the hall. She had on a lab coat and had what he assumed was a pipet in her hand. “Okay.” He followed the silent direction down the hallway toward the large glass windows that looked out to the steel mountains of the city. The whole of Manhattan looked to be at his feet. It was beautiful and classic all at once. It brought back memories.
Tony sips the salty brew and coughs up more than he swallows. The doctor helps again. Tony notices his nails are grimy and stained with grease and dirt. What kind of doctor doesn’t have clean hands? He jolts away from the doctor, knocking the bowl of soup and causing it to splatter down the side of the cot onto the ground. It is a ground and not a tiled floor. He’s not delusional – he’s in cave.
“Please, Tony, he didn’t. It’s not his fault. He’s a victim,” Steve cried out but all Tony heard through the noise was the discord of the Brother bond. It crackled in his head, deafening him. “I bonded to him before I bonded to you. He’s a victim. He’s my friend.”
“Hey, hey, you okay?” Tony peeled himself off Steve to look at him and saw tears staining his face.
Steve stepped over to desk and surveyed the piles of notebooks. “You’ve been busy.”
Bruce shakes his head and sighs. “I’ve no idea.”
“Are we going completely old fashioned, there is a dishwasher,” Tony says.
It was thoughtful yet why couldn’t Steve say anything to Tony, express his thankfulness and appreciation. Every time he interacted with Tony it turned into a match of wills instead of a normal conversation.
Tony bites into his sandwich and then says – because he’s always curious and he’s a scientist and why the hell not? “Do you shit a lot?”
True enough, Tony’s phone chirped and the message came through to him. Tony glared at the phone as if it betrayed him. He shouldn’t have agreed, but as he considered sending a message back to decline, Pepper walked into the lab.
“Yes, for you, I thought that might be a simple fix. But for the actual clinical trial we implanting seeds for homing, if possible. It’s not an easy task but since we would have to remove the implant, I could surgically place the seeds and then the viral package at the same time.” Strange sighs. “It’s not an easy task.”
“You got here right on time. We’re about to have a picnic in the field out back.”
“And how did this end? A Collapsing Event and you can’t hide your wings. How do you hide wings anyhow?” A look of frustration crosses Tony’s face.
He can’t deny the reality of the unreal situation they’re in. Being part of a robot super villain’s brain sent him for a loop when they first arrived, coming to the realization that they are fighting Tony’s super intelligence might be a little too much to handle today. He settles on the thought that maybe, just for now, they should take care of the essentials.
“Well, I tried to bring you into the soul pack while we were on the train,” Steve answered. “And we were interrupted by a train derailment and a couple of strange people that seem to be Hydra based.”
Tony breaks away first and his hand cups Steve’s cheek. “I cannot tell you how many times I cursed you. I can’t tell you because I don’t think anyone can count that high.” His breath comes in pants and he shivers against Steve. “But the truth – the truth is always how much you disturbed something – some equilibrium I’d built around my soul. I believed I had to live with walls. Even with Pepper I built them. But you- damn you – you always torn them down.”
Steve glanced over at Tony who stayed back from the bed. He waved for Tony to join them. When he did, Steve introduced him. “Sam, this is my mate, Tony.”
“Why?” Her voice sounds defeated, empty, lost.
“No offense taken, Miss Potts, since what you have stated is true to an extent.”
“Check on him, now,” Tony ordered and went to the bathroom. He finished up and then washed his hands and threw water on his face as JARVIS reported back.
Steve shuddered as if a cold wind hit him hard in the face, but the air warmed and he gasped out, “Yeah. Just give me a minute.”
Even as he thought about it, Bruce’s smile faded. “You’re not even considering it.”
“Last you checked?” Tony curses under his breath before he adds, “So, what’s the news?”
“How is he?” No hello, no how are you doing.  They’ve never been friends; they tolerate one another at best.
“We gotta book it on foot. Get ready.”
In silence Tony bites back his words and tries not to feel the knot of repugnance in his gut. Pep takes his hand because she knows when to comfort him. She brings him to the elevator and they take the lift up. The open elevator affords them a 360 degree view of the facility. Tony would call it a prison, because that’s what it is. As the elevator rises he scans the area, the small cells look like some parody of an ancient zoo. Each holding cell with its glass barrier allows viewers to observe the inmates. Some of the cells are lit, most are dark. He wonders if that means they are empty or if the omega within has succumbed to despair wrought from living in a place made of metal alloy and stone with no comfort given to them at all.
He’s not one to ask for glory but he revels in the spotlight. Part of being who he is is the attention and the adulation. There are not that many primes. The Council may be ruled by the strongest alphas, but a prime deserves the chair. Or that’s what An’Tony’s father always said. He pummeled it into Tony’s head again and again. The idea that Tony was a prime caused a dichotomy of emotions from his father, one of jealousy mixed with pride. Tony learned from his father, learned to stand in the spotlight and soak in the accolades. As an alpha he deserves it, and as a prime he demands it. It’s gotten him into trouble in his youth. He had his rebellious period where he tried to shrug off the duties of a prime alpha. He drank his way through the Lane star systems down to the edge of the Purge. Nearly killed himself. Drugs weren’t his fatal flaw, alcohol always was. And there were so many sweet cocktails out there that Tony still thirsts for them. Now, as he prepares to make a claim for the high chair, he knows he has to tap down on his impulses. He has control of his nature and his drink. No one but an alpha could be as in control and as powerful.
The little girl jumps up and down. “Strawberry!”
“Thank you, it means a lot.”
Anyone observing would say that Steve is asleep. The doctor that still hangs behind Tony confirms it. “He’s only sleeping but no matter what we do, he’s not waking up.”
“JARVIS?”
"Better than most days."
She glances down and then back to him again. “You’re all I have as well. I’m glad you’re back.” She disappears then without another word. He tries not to contemplate the meaning behind her words because he has a Captain to save – a Captain he dreams about at night, a Captain who may very well still be at the hands of terrorists.
“Fuck. Steve, why didn’t you tell me. Shit. We should go. I could-.”
“Peggy?” Tony had said and pointed to the plate. “Eat. You’re going to get anemic.”
Blu furrows his face as best he can and leans down to drink. He’s walked across the small creek and his feet are wet. He looks up at Tony as he laps the water. His blue eyes are startlingly bright. They take Tony’s breath away. He’s so very beautiful and calming. Tony’s never been calmer and more peaceful in anyone’s presence.
When he swallows down the pain, it’s thick like heavy smog clogging his throat. “We haven’t been together for some time, he can be with whomever he wants-.”
“Steve is not me. This is inappropriate Tony. You shouldn’t ask your employee out on a date.” Pepper huffs loudly into the phone as if he doesn’t already know she’s exasperated with him.
“Yeah. I am.” The garage door opens and the bright light of day streams in. Tony smiles at the sight. The visual sensors on the helmet aren’t as advanced as his glasses, but he’s missed seeing the sun, seeing the green of the trees. He’s missed the blue of the sky.
“Yeah, there was a legend of a blue-eyed lion that climbed out of the sea and roamed Europe looking for his home,” Tony whispers, knowing full well it isn’t a legend at all. “Lots of kids loved the story, bought the book, the TV movie. The Disney adaptation. The whole thing. But this – this little guy was mine. My Blu.”
Steve notices the small switch and, with a great sigh, he flips it. The arc of lightning throws Steve yards off of Tony as the battery shocks the device in his chest. Blue arcs of fire shoot out of Tony’s chest and he howls in response.
Long ago when the Republic fell and the Jedi with it, a small scattering of Jedi –scholars not Knights - escaped along with regular citizen and guards loyal to the Republic to find their way to the secret base out beyond the outer reaches of the Empire. There, the last Jedi – minor players in the vast theater of slaughtered Jedi – set up a library to save all Jedi knowledge. They toiled away to keep the traditions and the sacred information from all prying eyes.
“The rain? Well, I hope I’ll know,” Tony said and moved to face Steve, but the shadows concealed his features.
Tony kisses his cheek as he disengages. “I have some work to do. You already know where the bath is. Feel free to clean up and rest.” He bops Steve on the nose. “You are a beauty to behold.”
Part of Steve, a very large part, wanted nothing more than to be alone, to deal with his grief and to hide it, wrap it up with all of the rest of his heartache of loss and sorrow and suppress it.  Tony read all of it through the bond, so raw and exposed. Tony slid his arm around Steve’s shoulders and wanted to say he didn’t have to be alone. The words stuck in his throat, because he knew what Steve was going through in some small way. Tony had a tendency to take on the burdens of the world and not look for outside help. Hell, he operated as Iron Man like that for years.
“Whatever’s happening – no. They pulled me out. They tried to pull you out. They can’t. Ultron’s hiding in your brain. You need to help the serum reject him.”
When Steve studied each of their expressions, he knew that Natasha set him up. “No, no thank you. I’ll pass.” Instead he served himself some of the spaghetti as the team started to talk about training exercises.
“Vampires are not people. Biology defines life as having the ability to procreate. These ‘people’, as you call them, cannot. It’s my understanding that the men have no ejaculate and the women don’t have any menses or eggs.” Ross stood up and put his hands in his pockets. “We can debate the semantics all day, but the fact of the matter is, today in the United States vampires are not people and do not get the same rights and privileges.”
He should have known better, considering how brilliant and far seeing he usually prides himself on. He admits now, he was damned tired. Exhausted even, he wanted nothing more to do with the idea of Ultron and his actions to put a shield around the world. Blow up every single robot, combing through the internet to ensure that Ultron was gone should have been enough, but Ultron’s intelligence had been based on JARVIS and JARVIS had been based on Tony’s brain. It’s reasonable to assume that Ultron would have found a way and it did.
“I promised,” he whispers. He rocks against the pillows and the tears come. He made promises. “I promised to be better.” He tried. He really did. Instead his mentor is dead, and Tony feels chilled and alone. More alone than he’s ever felt.
“Let’s just find a way to change things, okay? I don’t like what they’re instituting.” Sam left the room and started to put together a quick meal. “I’ll make you some sandwiches. I have a car on the street. It’s nothing special, but it’ll work for you.”
“A ’42 Harley? You have got to be kidding me! I’ve always wanted an old Harley. Where the hell did you get it?” Steve says and he sounds like a kid at Christmas.
Steve got up. “You want some coffee?” Sam agreed to the cup of joe. As Steve made the brew, he answered, “You know I liberated a few concentration camps during World War II. I will never forget them. It still haunts me.”
Barnes is on his feet. “He loves you. Loves you like no one else. He sees you as the perfect omega. He never want you knowing he’s not the perfect alpha. That he’s Hermi!”
“I just pulled up a chair. I wanted to try something I used to do for my Ma when she had her bad headaches, if it’s okay?” Steve asks.
Steve swipes a hand down the side of his face reminiscent of how Blu would paw at his jaw. “It’s hard. Old habits.”
“Okay, well, we have enough time to get to Union Station and take the train up to New York.”
Steve hitches his body back onto Shield and says, “Give me your reins.”
“Could it be a glitch?” Steve asks. He might not be savvy on all the technical ins and outs of modern day life, but he knows glitches.
Steve nods and grasps the prince’s elbow to lead him through the tight passageway toward the back service elevator. Tony leans in close and whispers, “How hurt are you?”
“You’re not even dressed, Steve.” Natasha hissed.
“Outward appearances were paramount in my day. Men didn’t show emotion. It’s not something we did. Not something I know how to do,” Steve said. He sat back, fighting to relax. His eyes closed. “I have to carry Peggy’s casket. And for the first time in my life, I don’t think I’ll be able to keep my outward appearance. For the first time, I might-.” He breathed, loud and shaking.
His mother had been kind to them. On a Christmas Eve, she invited them over and shared the thick stew and big, chunky bread rolls she’d made. They all ate until their bellies ached and sang Christmas Carols afterward. His mother brought out a pie and they cut it and ate it. They didn’t have a tree that year, since it was a tree or food. Yet the young men sharing a flat knocked on their door the next day – Christmas Day – with a tree. It had been theirs, but they insisted that little Stevie have a tree. He smiled at them and still remembered the way they had smiled at one another – so happy – so joyful – and with so much love.
He yanks off the supplies, which are not that much, and distributes them between Shield and Tony’s horse. The pony appreciates it and nudges his nose at Steve. He strokes him, and then frees him of the saddle.  He sets the saddle to the side of the trail. They can retrieve it on the way back. Once he pulls the pack horse’s blanket off, Steve ties it to his horse, she’s free to go. He smacks her on the butt, and she trots off.
For a while Steve stood apart from the clearing crews and seemed to just go still. Tony watched him, a few meters off. He saw nothing at all, but he felt the searching, the flung tendrils of hope stretching beyond physical barriers and space. It thrilled Tony, caused gooseflesh to pop up as he let himself get caught up in Steve’s exploration. As he hunted, Steve also shared the Soul Mantra as if trying to teach Bucky and the other new pack members. When Tony spied Steve, he saw his lips moving, but no sound came out – just the chat of the Mantra over and over. Through the rivers of the Steve’s soul, the ripples echoed back to him. Small, unsure, and faint as if the distance between them widened and the gap grew in size. There was no hope they were going to appear but Steve had somehow made a connection. Tony stayed silent, an observer to Steve’s ministrations with his astral projection. He beckoned them come home, he asked Bucky to see him through the soul bonds. For a brief and brilliant moment, the clarity of the connection brightened the bonds and Tony gasped at the strength, but then the others – Bucky and the new mates snapped away, pulled back as if frightened dog might pull away from its abusive master.
“He’s getting better, I swear it. We’ve been working on it.” Tiberius says. “We’ve been friends for half a life time, you know. We went to university together. I have to admit, we were more than friends. At first, we were competitors. My father had a small corp at the time. Rivals would be a good way to put it.” He keeps his eyes on Tony the entire time he speaks.
“I’ll make sure, concerning Mister Stark’s intention for the boy,” Steve says.
“There’s no way we can’t assume a rogue nation hasn’t already downloaded Ultron to use for whatever nefarious plans it has,” Steve had pointed out.
“What?” She takes the new arc reactor from the workbench and begins to mount it into the hole. “You said it was safe, you said it was safe.”
Jane stands and rounds her chair to come over and hug Steve. She kisses him on each cheek. “If it hadn’t been for your beautiful art we wouldn’t be where we are today.”
“Go,” Sam says as he grabs for Steve. “I’ve got this – go.” He holds Steve around the waist even as the Jedi flails and screams out a muted cry when Bucky leaves. Bucky closes down his emotions, now is not the time.
“You would have to do at the same exact time. I’m afraid that’s impossible considering you are two separate beings,” Vision says. “Humans are not that precise.”
Rhodey looks Steve up and down. “Like a lion. Yeah sure. Just – Be careful, please!”
“Memory stretches your link to the Soul Keeper. It causes pain and whiteouts. Something Tony said must have triggered it for you,” she says. Her hands work deftly to calm and quiet him. “Everything’s well now. Think nothing of it. Do not dwell, Steven. Do not dwell.”
“You don’t know anything about me,” Tony retorted but didn’t look the sorcerer in the eyes.
Tony puts up his hand. “Tell me something not on the resume.”
“You’re quoting your mother again,” Pep says and a mixture of emotions taints her voice.
“He won’t be, not with me,” she assures him and, for some reason, Steve believes her.
“Don’t go at me, Sam. This is a good town.”
Tony sank down, defeated. To save his children, Clint had acted as any father would. Maybe there could have been another way, but should Tony blame him? Could he? Tony only shook his head. “Just leave, Barton. Make sure they don’t kill him. Okay?” They might take away Tony’s glands, but at least Steve might survive.
Seeing Tony, he says, “Thought I would chop some wood just in case.” He dumps the whole pile by the fireplace and then stacks it. Snow covers him and it slowly melts as he works on his task.
“I’m not leaving him out there, regardless. Come morning, I’ll send a telegraph out to Falcon and get some help from there.”
It is all he can do to keep it together when he sees the distressed look in Bucky’s eyes. But then he realizes Bucky isn’t looking at him at all. Steve peers over his shoulder to follow the line of Bucky’s gaze, only to see Tony slipping out the back door of the saloon.
Tony blinked several times and stared at Steve. Only Steve and the words existed now. The words ricocheted in Tony’s head, bouncing around like bullets fired in rapid succession. As they hit his brain matter, it scattered around, splattering in his skull. Putting together two sane thoughts became impossible. His desire to lash out grew as the bullets of information shredded his brain. He couldn’t rationalize. There was nothing there to work with anymore.
Flipping the shield upside down onto the newly fallen snow, Steve winks at him. The silver star on his chest shines in the brilliant sunlight. He yanks up his hood, which is similar in style to his helmet, and smiles at Tony. “Watch this.”
Nodding, Steve excuses himself and finds his way toward Bruce’s rooms. As he walks through the brothel an strangeness spreads through him. For a little over two months, he considered the brothel his home, now feels wrong and distorted. When he thinks of home, Tony comes to mind – and Steve just abandoned him. What kind of ass is he? He gets to Bruce’s door and knocks.
“When we were there, we ended up finding a secret database. Arnin Zola’s brain had been downloaded into these thousands of old time database machines.”
Every drop of blood he gave over to Tony, he had done so freely. He’d died to give Tony life again and then Tony offered the same back. The energy binding them grew in intensity while the sun rays gave him new life. Slowly they eased back onto the lounger with Tony hanging over Steve as he reclined.
Unlike reality, Steve responded to the invitation with a smile, placing the pad and pencil on the floor, and then padded over to the bed. He wore only sleeping pants, his chest naked and warm to the touch.
Tony leads Steven from the forward section of the Court vessel, Avenger, to the aft section. This is where the upper house, his closest clan members reside. Jamison, his Master of the Fleet. Pep, his First in the house. The aft section has its own bridge and engines. It is also a life pod in case there’s an attack on the main section of the ship. The corridors in the aft section are open, wider, cleaner in design without any piping or wiring. Large windows allow for the hyper-scape to be seen. It flashes blue and red showing what the old theories called the Doppler Effect. That was long before the understanding of hyper-scape and folding of continuum for easy space transit.
what would he say? How could he answer? Was he
Tony nods. “Yeah. Together.”
He sat up in bed, trying not to disturb Pepper as she slumbered beside him. Slipping from under the duvet, Tony padded across the floor of their bedroom and found his way to the main bar in the living room of his Malibu mansion. After the Battle of New York, Tony couldn’t stay in the Tower. He spent hours with Pepper planning the remodel, but finally succumbed to his need to be back in his home. Being home in California for a while provided him with sanctuary, but something still tugged him, inside. He pretended (even to himself) that it had nothing to do with not being chosen for the pack. He wanted to feel the warmth of the Pacific breezes again. Somewhere he could hide away and pretend the whole thing (New York or the soul pack) never happened. Yet, he shuddered awake with either dreams of a void, an abyss of nothing, or a need, a hunger so rich and deep that he barely managed to breathe. It felt like part of him had been halved.
“Everyone here’s kind of a reject even the guy who runs the Telegraph and Mail office.”
Natasha folded her arms and considered Steve. “He’s right. Steve never complains. He just does it, takes on more and more. It’s the way he works.”
Rogers stayed firmly in place. Not willing to risk it, as Rumlow stated, a level 3 punishment.
“No, you don’t get it, you just don’t get it,” Steve replies and forces himself back onto his feet. He wobbles a little and the bruise to his face looks like it is swollen and angry. Tony wouldn’t be surprised if he has a concussion. “Please leave.”
Redwing flies out of sight and Bucky doesn’t admit that he panics for a moment. Sam lives and breathes around that bird. Even as he confronts yet another gang of troopers and they try to shepherd him toward – who know what – he still worries about the bird. Yet he needs to concentrate his energy on the soldiers swarming around him. He takes the first two out easily enough with his blaster, but the second two take cover and that means there’s going to be a prolonged shoot out that Bucky cannot afford. The longer he stays in one place the higher the probability he will be captured. That’s not happening, not when he’s as close as he is to rescuing Steve.
Steve’s heart races but he’s able to quell the shaking and say, “It’s just a recording.”
Her eyes grow kind. “Don’t we all.” She squeezes his hands. “The Outriders switched their allegiance to Anthony. And now we have an army. We were lucky they switched to Anthony rather than the Soul Keeper.”
“Do we know if there’s anyone at the safe house with the twins?”
“Those people are scared of the Hunter. We’re going to settle this once and for all.”
“Yep. I should have guessed. A lot of games will do that. Window dressing without any real substance.”
He feels the moment again like they are fresh, like they are happening to him again. But they aren’t, they are old like the newspapers piled in the corner and burnt on the edges to blackness. His memories are fading and he’s never going to touch Steve again, never going to figure out how Captain America became a hooker in New York. He leaves New York again that night and doesn’t go back.
“It’s okay, I just have to see-.” A tie-fighter spots them and it zeroes its flight pattern toward them. “Shit. Shit.” He taps on the ear bud again and thanks all the ancient Jedi that it didn’t drop out of his ear in the water. “Clint, we are under attack.”
Tony smothers the urge to belt the omega, because what he says it true. Tony might not like it, but it’s the truth. Yet the want to punish the man rises in Tony. He blames it on his nature, but he wonders how much of it is plain and simple nurture? “Should I punish you?”
“Do you want a nanny?” Tony asks, because he wants to make sure they are still on the same page.
“So, you said that Bucky had been difficult?”
“Tony. I don’t need anything more to eat. And please, don’t mention the lion and eating-.” He gags and rushes over to the sink, vomiting up his breakfast.
Tony drops back onto his stool. He throws up his hands. “Then I don’t know what’s going on with him.”
“Sometimes it’s a necessary thing,” Steve replies.
“What good is that going to do? We’re actually in a computer.”
Except.
Due to my schedule and trying to finish up the rest of my Cap-IronMan RBB, I will post the next chapter of Beloved between 27 May - 3 June. I have not been able to revise as quickly as I hoped. Sorry for the delay. After that I will be posting weekly again until the story is complete! Thank you for your patience. Only 6 more chapters to go!
Before they reply, Pepper steps to the podium and welcomes the crowd. “Welcome to the Maria Stark Foundation Gala. As some of you may recall, the first ten years of the gala it was simply a funding raising event by the Starks to draw attention to the fine arts as well as the need for investment in the arts in our schools. Now, the Maria Stark Foundation funds more than 130 primary, elementary, middle, and high schools in disadvantaged areas across the nation. This year the foundation will expand that to over 200 schools.”
“Me, and Nat. She’s worried, too.” Tony closes his eyes for a minute and then opens them. “We have to get over this. You and I.”
“Do it!” Tony commanded, and Rogers flinched. Tony reached out to touch the Captain but he cringed against it as if he knew by instinct, moving closer to Rumlow.
Steve shrugs. “I don’t know if I call it purpose when I think some of the motives aren’t kosher. But I’m learning. I’m learning to be in this world again. I’m learning to be human again.” He rotates his shoulders as if to emphasize how he recognizes his humanity aside from being a feline.
Their luck does not hold.
As Tony paged through the volumes of data because his father – though incredibly advanced for his time – was old school and always wrote a notebook for his thoughts and experiments, Tony found annotations about the super soldier serum as well as experiments to recreate it. Additional notebooks centered around vampire physiology. Most of it made no sense at all. His father was no biologist.
“What’s it about?” Tony tried to sound disinterested, but that was hard to achieve considering Secretary Ross was a known hard ass when it came to vampire and human relations.
“Thank you, Vision.”
Heading toward the Main Honor Guard offices on the upper deck of the Station, he bumps into Clint as he hurries down the corridor.
Tony frowns and then asks, “Are you asking us to get physical or are your asking for the metaphysical.”
Steve smiled and cradled Tony’s face in his hands. “Yeah we did.” No part of him regretted it. In fact, he wanted to rejoice that the burden of self-denial had been lifted.
“Well, I wanted to let you know that I’m sorry it happened,” Steve said. True or not, the man’s voice rang with earnest emotion, and Tony suspected anything that came out of Captain America’s mouth felt like truth and justice.
Tony twisted his mouth and the coil of concern contorted. “I know. I get that, but I’m still worried. He’s not stable.”
He clips the portfolio closed and offers what little smile he has to give them. With a wave he leaves the offices. As he goes down the concrete steps of the stoop, Thor calls, “Steven.”
Tony works into him, leaning down to tease him and then standing to pound further into him. Gulping air, Steve begs for Tony to do it – to fuck him and make him cry. “Please, fuck! Please!”
“You died for the first time trying to save the world. You did save the world. But you didn’t really die, Steve. You slept, frozen in ice.”
As he lays Tony down on the soft linens and, for one moment, stops only to gaze upon the joy and desire he finds there, Steve searches within himself to see if he could possibly let go, to see if he could walk away. He’s doomed, because he cannot. Tony’s gaze flickers to Steve’s eyes, there’s a critical worry there. He reaches out and up to Steve, but before Tony can cup his face, Steve captures his hand. Brings the fingertips to his lips and slowly kisses each one. He’s never done this before, he doesn’t know things, but he follows his own desires, his own yearnings. He knows he wants to touch all of Tony, that he wants to taste all of him, that he longs to feel him side by side. He knows that there were times in his captivity that he dreamed of Tony as heaven itself.
Now as they presented the truth to their team mates a rustle of doubt shivered through Tony, a whisper of a coming storm through the thicket of trees. Should they have decided to do it this way? Should they have tried at all? Would the team still follow Steve?
Two of the soldiers grab Steve by the arms, hoisting him to his feet. He’s not answering Tony, he’s allowing them to take him.  “What the hell?” Tony says and starts after them but Raza grips his shoulder, his fingers digging like claws into Tony’s flesh. It feels like he could snap Tony’s collar bone.
I wanted to do a story where SHIELD decided to manipulate a recovering Steve. He wakes up but they tell him he has a TBI and his memories are wrong. So this was really an identity story but it's Steve who doesn't know who he is and has his doubts.
“What a silly birthday! But I suppose it would be kind of great to have fireworks on your birthday every year.” It struck Tony then. “Hey, Blu, why don’t we say your birthday is on Independence Day too?”
“Hawkeye, but you can call me Clint.” He reaches around with his scanner and checks Steve’s id. “Welcome to the Widow’s Brothel. I’m the guard around here. If anyone so much as a sneezes on you, you call me. Also, Thor but he’s a big softie and just likes to sit around with everyone and tell stories of his glory days.”
“Yeah.”
Later, when Steve is walking back to his jailhouse sans his horse, he thinks he might have been bamboozled by Stark and his little gang. He tells himself that he needs the time to get Stark away from his friends otherwise he might never find out what the man is up to and what’s his game.
CHAPTER 6
He hides for a good portion of the game in the bathroom and then when he can no longer do that, he spends the time staring at the players jostling and flinging each other around the bowl. Today his center sank, and he fell with it. Yet unlike the players he cannot ride the waves to some equilibrium again. His boots stick him firmly to the floor. He’s not only figuratively stuck here he’s literally stuck with these people – with Tony.
As they walked out onto the rooftop, the Quin Jet readied for take-off. Tony recalled how very perfect Pepper had been, how she tried everything to make him happy, how his soul embers were burnt and ash. When he glanced at Steve as they walked up the ramp to the jet, all Tony could think of was those frayed ends of his soul that had tangled and knotted to Steve. How the darkness within laid the foundation for the bond between them.
Steve accepted the invitation and entered the room, his one hand clasping the back of his neck. “Your room is as crazy as mine.”
“Yes, large like in male lion large,” he replies but doesn’t explain.
“You, my friend, must find a way to relieve your mate,” Thor had said. “You are depending wholly upon his blood for any sustenance. He will not be healthy, and you will end up sickened if that happens.”
“Does it matter?” Tony asked, his words pitched and tenuous.
Coulson drops his hand but lifts it and studies it like it’s some foreign object fallen from the sky. As he turns his hand over, Tony continues, “You need a lock.” He rounds Coulson and opens and closes the door. “What the hell. You don’t even actually have a lock.”
“He tried to kill himself several times,” Fury added.
“There you go.”
Sam accepted it, but then asked, “Can you do this?”
“How about lover?” Tony said. He must have detected the trepidation in Steve’s heart. “See you think it’s gross.”
“Wait, wait. This isn’t like easy you know. Especially if you haven’t done it in a while,” Steve says. “Just relax.” He feels the briefest touch at his entrance and tenses and his erection fades a bit. “Just relax.” Steve’s words are melodious, and he tenderly circles his one hand on Tony’s lower abdomen right above his cock while he rubs warmed lube on his entrance. Slowly he introduces a finger. It glides it with ease as Steve keeps talking, saying small intimate and loving words to Tony. “I can’t believe how hot you are, Tony. How strung out on this you look, like your high on it. It drives me crazy seeing you like this, so blazingly starving for it.”
Bucky nods. “But later,  I want to check on Steve.”
“So what was the deal, they get to bash you around, see how much you could take? Tony can’t let it go, he can never let anything go.
“Cold?”
“As a soul pack you are all sorely inept,” Strange replied and then grunted. “We will show you. Don’t worry about it.”
He remembers Tony explaining it to him. First Tony asked him if he’d like to sit down and watch a movie called
“It has nothing to do with the time it took,” Tony said, and his hands shook as he held them in front of him. “I look at my hands and I see what they did. I will never not see it. I will never not feel it. I will never be free of it.”
Tony whined a little and then started a long slow weeping. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony. He wanted desperately to do something more for him, to reassure him, to support him. Within the core of his soul, he touched the embers that brought them together. He grasped the hot coals but found they did not burn, instead they warmed him, and he spread the warmth outward, feeling it expand from his chest, along the lines of his soul mark. The Beloved mark.
“Be safe.”
A particularly hateful worry nags at Tony. “Do you think it would have been this way with someone else. I mean you haven’t been with a man?”
When he tries to wiggle free again, Blu stops him and then softly nudges him as if to tell him to stay still. It’s weird and oddly comforting. The lion’s too strong, too brutally huge to wrestle. Tony succumbs to his ministrations. He finds himself drifting and he fights the urge to sleep. It’s even ridiculous to consider that his body’s so relaxed in the arms of a big game predator.
Over the course of the afternoon, Tony scanned through the data and found nothing of any value. What he did find interesting was the hacked surveillance video he had of said girl and her brother. “J man, put all the images through face recognition. I want to know who they are and what they are doing. How’d they get those powers? That kind of stuff.”
“Not talking about that. I’m talking about your stock price. It’s going to drop, and it’s going to drop big. You give me an exclusive and I’ll make sure that interview paints you all roses and rainbows,” Everhart says. Her smile seems genuine to Steve, but then again he doesn’t know her.
“That’s the only way to cut off the resonances and stop the entanglement. I know it sounds crazy but the Steve from that other reality is affecting you. If this continues, the God Machine or whatever the fuck it is will destroy you. You. In this reality, not in that other reality. Now. Here. You.” He sucks in a breath because the idea, the picture he’s painting terrifies him.
Steve glanced around his living room with the high backed chairs and the phonograph that not only played what they called vinyl these days, but also doubled as a MP3 player, a CD player, and a smart access point for the entire apartment.
Tony suppressed a smile.  He couldn’t deny that the idea that Steve might be proud of him made him feel good, and maybe a little smug. A slight rebuke popped through the bond and Tony glanced over to Steve who only arched a brow at him.
“Is it still hard to be here in this century?” Tony starts to put the Keurig back together. He needs his hands busy, maybe it will ensure his mouth doesn’t go overboard.
But now as he sat in front of Bruce and asked him what had happened Steve began to comprehend that his mind, his secrets, might no longer be his – somehow Bruce saw it or felt it. Reaching over to Steve, Bruce laid what he must have thought would be a comforting hand on Steve’s arm but in actuality felt like razors cutting into his reserve, his safe place in his head.
“Share? Fury, really, you never share a damned thing.” Secrets and lies. A dossier with nothing worth it in it. “Damn it.” He puts his head down on the cot, as he kneels next to it. He keeps his hand on his patient, near his pulse point, just to make sure.
“He lied,” Tony says but the strength of his anger fades away and he sighs. “How come he never went into heat?” He’s not looking at Barnes now, he keeps his eyes lowered like any good omega asking an alpha.
“Yeah, not sure what Steve got from me. But he almost immediately tried to stop his transfer of data or memories or whatnot.” Bruce put the heels of his hands into his eyes and pushed. “God, I should have stayed in India.”
“Maybe I’m just like you. Bi.”
“Ready?” Steve asks. He’d paused to give Tony a little more room to work.
“So you said.”
Friday announces that Pepper has responded. “Steve left. We don’t know where he went. It’s for the best, Tony.”
Bruce waits only for a few moments more and when Steve cannot come up with an adequate rejoinder, he says, “You’ll find me upstairs.”
“And he travels with you?” Steve asks.
“People don’t die from not having coffee, Tony,” Steve said. Still, when he watched Tony settle down on the overturned bucket again to bask in the glow of the fire and the taste of the coffee, Steve couldn’t stop himself from grinning.
Steve points to the gauntlet. “You still have the gauntlet.”
“I’ll be there, don’t worry,” Natasha said, and Bruce cringed but agreed.
“What?” Steve says and stops, pausing as it dawns on him. “You want me to shock your heart.”
“Steve?” he cried out and the tears he wept somehow materialized his lost love in front of him. Steve lay before him, battered, wounded, and bleeding out.
Tony follows directions and groans a little as Steve enters him. “Oh you’re so tight for me. So tight. So velvety.” His own cock jumps and Steve bites back his reaction, wanting to moan, but he wants Tony to keep in control of his own orgasm. “You’re being good for me. Are you gonna take me? All of me?”
"And you ended up as a spy? I never heard that you spied for the North," Steve says, the gossip had been clear that Tony Stark had been a coward and spent the time playing the scoundrel in high society parties, bedding every available women along the east coast of the North.
“Doesn’t seem that way to me,” Sam mutters in the corner of the infirmary room.
He hears a chair fall and feet scramble as the intruder leaves. It doesn’t matter. His heart tenses in his chest and his breath comes in small, useless pants. Cold sweat shivers over him and Steve gathers him to his chest. Shudders vibrate through him, mimicking the skipping of his heart.
“No. Doctor Erskine has known me since I was a kid. Sam and I were in the same unit in the Army,” Steve says and clasps his hands together. He’s squeezing them repeatedly.
Tony turned on a small lamp on the table and blinked a few times. It occurred to Steve that he probably hadn’t seen the lay of the land without the illumination. Steve dropped the blankets and pillows on the couch. He sure as hell hoped it was a pullout because there was no way they were going to fit on the couch together.
Tony leans down and kisses his pulse point until Steve writhing under him. He breaks away. “I know that, but I want to ask you. I want you to know that I respect your opinion.”
As if he reads Tony’s mind, Steve says, “I’m sorry for my outburst, Tony. That wasn’t fair of me.”
Something hard presses on his chest and he heaves in a breath. A mace’s spikes stab him, and he curls over himself, touching his sternum – but he finds he doesn’t really have a sternum anymore. He whines as he opens up his ragged shirt to find a device embedded there, his bones carved out. He’s becomes something less than human.
He guides Steven to the bath and tells the AI to warm the water. It is the perfunctory AI of the Avenger, not one of his personal creations. In seconds the water steams and Tony slips off the rest of his clothes to follow the omega into the water. He gets Steven to sit on a molded bench in the water. It laps up to his chest and Tony reaches for the soaps and shampoo. Slowly he works a lather into Steven’s hair, washing it thoroughly before he notices the man is crying silent tears.
The moment of truth. Steve places his fork on the table and stares at the intricate pattern of the plate with its navy blue color and streaks of gold weaving an abstract design. “Okay.” He clears his throat and looks Tony straight in the eyes. “I can’t figure out Mer Stane.” It’s not the whole truth, but it borders on some of the truth. “It’s driving me nuts.”
“We nearly lost you. You can’t go back in. We had to use the paddles to get your heart to beat regularly.” Her expression is stern but not unkind. “You could have died.”
Clint indicated what Steve had assumed was the command station. “Through there, you’ll find a door. Walk down the corridor to the private rooms.”
“Physics doesn’t work that way,” Bruce muttered.
Steve bows his head and looks at his hands. “He’s here?”
“That’s probably best,” Tony says, and he’s steered toward cabin 2.
“I did. And that was because at the moment, I believed in those orders. If I have questions about an order, any order, I will not follow them. You don’t have to worry about that. You can trust that.”  There was little to no respect for him in this century and it was something that Steve had to get used to. The hollow ache emptied his chest.
“It does, does it?” Tony doubts that, but there’s not a lot he knows about the whole situation so he sips the coffee and he probes a little more. “Would money help?”
Natasha did mention something about Steve needing to expand his circle of friends. Maybe it wasn’t about the pack. “You see Bruce enough? When?”
"Yes why not? We can get out of the heat, go to the mountains. Do you like mountains?"  He admits now that he'd been overly enthusiastic when Steve didn't knock him down immediately.
Deep in his heart, the Silver Knight knows the distance across the crevasse will defeat him. He glances sharply over his shoulders and spots the horde of demon warriors closing the space between them. He’s made a desperate mistake. He came to close while spying on the lot of them, the Red Knight’s hold where the demons gather had been his mission. To watch and report back to his Keeper. His fate affords him no grievance or leeway. Surely death will be his reward for being seen.
“Christmas music it is,” Tony says. Pulling out his phone he orders, “Friday, put on some instrumental Christmas music. Mix it up some.”
“I missed you!” Tony called and walked toward Steve, his arms open.
Steve squirms a little as if he might try to break free. “But it -.”
Drinking his full as Steve rutted against strung Tony into a new bliss.  Somehow, he managed to unzip pants, and then tug away Steve’s boxers. Pre-come coated Steve’s erection and Tony took him in hand, along with his own stiff cock. Sure, Tony wouldn’t come like a human, not anymore. Yet a climax for a vampire redefined the term pleasure. Against him Steve whined and nudged Tony to drink more. He would, when he was ready to come. Tony stroked Steve, playing with his nail at the very edge of his slit. Steve threw back his head making unintelligible sounds. His movements became more anxious, more hungry. Almost as filled with hunger as Tony had been when Steve burst through the rowhouse’s door.
The Red Knight narrows his crimson eyes at him. “You’re not fucking with me, are you? You really do think that’s your name?”
All the while she tells him the rules of the ‘house’ as she calls it. “Three clients at most a day. I don’t like my workers over done. Most of the time it’s one or two. I have a house of ten workers. You’re my eleventh. I wouldn’t have brought you on but then again, I have that special client who I know will be very interested in you.”
“I see you.” Tony slings his arm over Blu’s mane. “I love you, Blu. I’ll never leave you.”
“He’ll come after me.” The words are quiet, small, but forceful.
“I fake dated you then real dated you. I don’t see the problem.”
Tony took it the wrong way. The words riled him up and he flung insults and barbs at Steve. “Are you looking for a high class whore? Is that who you want? What you want? I thought you were the Captain of the Honor Guard. You’re the guy my father couldn’t shut up about? You?”
Tony leaves him; he needs to because something is unsettling about the omega. As he exits the presentation suite, he turns and locks it. It isn’t like the omega can escape but he wants some privacy. He goes to his private bath and then gets into the shower to wash again. As he does he queries Penny.
“Not a heart attack, just an episode,” Tony interrupts.
Steve got up from the bed and winked. “Yeah hooey. Like I can go out in the sun. I don’t have any powers. I’m just me.” He shrugged. “Well, me with serum.”
Ross weighs Tony’s vow. “I’m sorry if I don’t believe it, it’s not that I don’t trust you. You know I do.” He looks like a viper about to strike his prey. “You know, Tony, this will just make things more official. If I don’t initiate the correct procedures some people might question whether the deal was legitimate.”
Before Steve is able to reply, Bruce heads down the stairs.  Steve waits, considering, and weighing what the doctor said. He needs to stop this foolishness. He’s known for a good long time, he cannot have love like others do.
Steve shivers. The tears drop down his cheeks. “He says, you’re demons. You’re not.”
“I’m sure you have another fifteen in your closet.” Steve moves through the water and tugs at the jacket. “Take it off.”
“That’s a ton of pressure on his shoulders,” Steve says.
“This is new.” Tony stands there with the towel in his hands, nervous like it’s his first date ever. He rubs the towel in his hands, trying to stop the sweating. “Fuck.” It’s not like Steve asked him to fuck. It’s a simple drawing, but what if it’s the Titanic type with nakedness and sensuality. He’s truly fucked.
The pummeling storm dies away and Steve’s on an operating table. The sterile room around him is glossy and white. He’s locked, bound to the table unable to move. Ultron’s above him, a hovering presence. His mechanical arms work, shaving away Steve’s hair, sawing into his skull. Ultron dissects his brain. Steve hears the plop of his brain matter falling to the floor.
“That’s not true and you know it,” she said, and a hand touched his arm to turn him around. He followed the gentle direction and gasped as he saw her.
He fell into it, letting himself pound into his fist after a moment. His mind let him. His mind released him told him it was okay; it was all right to fantasize. His mind conjured the right images. Of the man, the man of his dreams holding him, touching him, kissing him. It was okay because he was bisexual after all. Even if he was in love with a woman, he still had his own urges. Everyone had urges.
Steve paused. His heart rammed in his chest, his breathing evened out.  He smiled. “Okay?”
Blu noses the reactor and then pushes it with his paw at Tony. Gently, he touches his nose to the gapping metal hole in his chest. He taps the reactor with his paw.
Tony nearly drops his coffee mug. He places the cup on the granite counter and then turns to face the image of Bruce. “Development? When? And why wasn’t I informed immediately?”
Steve indicates the schedule hanging in a holograph above them. “You’re welcome to approve it. I was going to run it by you anyway.”
“Where’d you go?”
Blu puts his long front paws on the dusty ground with his ass up and yawns again.
Steve stacks his dishes and picks up the butter dish. Rising to his feet, he carries it to the kitchen. “I don’t know. I kept my promise.”
“Captain Rogers, come over here,” Tony directed but he stayed firmly in place, close to Rumlow. Maybe he couldn’t tell exactly where Tony was considering the fucking metal alloy mask over his face. “Can you get that thing off of him?”
He’s halfway through wrapping his art supplies that he intends to leave with Bucky and Sam, when someone raps on his door. Steve stops and stands up straight, bashing his head on the beam. Cursing, he rubs at the bump and waits. They must have gotten the wrong apartment. The knock comes again. He places his sketchpad down that he had been debating bringing with him on his trip and weaves his way through the mess. Opening the door, he jerks at the sight of Doctor Strange.
“All those movies,” Tony says. “There was this one movie-.”
It wasn’t Natasha, but Pepper. He wondered how long he’d ‘slept’. He didn’t get out of the bed but called, “Coming.”
“It wasn’t meant to be,” Clint said. At least he didn’t have his bow and quiver obviously strapped on to his back. “Are we ready? Where are we going? What time’s the flight?”
He whips around and stares at her. “Are you with me or not? Because I can’t have anyone on the team who isn’t with me.”
Casting his glance to the side, Steve forces the pain of loss and fear to be stifled and quiet in the chasm of his shame. What happened, how it happened would stick with him all the days of his life – however long that might be.
“You kept it secret? All this time?” Steve huffs out a breath like he’s not believing a word Tony is saying.
She said that to taunt him, Tony was sure.  Too could play at her game and he cast his play. “Carter?” Tony guffawed. “She’s got to be a hundred.”
Blu growls out a response and then stands up – and shakes. A rain of water splatters over Tony and if there was one bit of him dry still, he’s not anymore. He laughs. His chest unclenches. That tightness that stays with him night and day when he’s working or at a Board meeting, it releases and fades, disappearing into memory. He leans up against Blu whispers, “How am I going to go back now?” It’s so nice not to have the responsibilities, the constant rush and craziness of day to day life. Sitting here in nature with his Blu, everything feels just about right.
Tony stood up straight and narrowed his eyes at Steve. “Well, excuse me if I’m a little hesitant to bond myself to someone that ruined my childhood.”
"You'd be surprised," Tony said and tried to catch Steve as he walked naked, like a god, around the bed.
“My mother called me Steven. My friends called me Stevie. I was called by some as Rogers. But mostly I was known as Captain America.”
“Jerk,” Steve says. “Now get out of here.”
“We don’t already know that?” Tony asks. “You just said he has cancer!”
“This is all my fault. If I hadn’t built Ultron this wouldn’t have happened.”
When Steve looks at him again, their sights line up and Tony’s world shakes beneath him. “What if I lose everything?”
“You okay back there?” Steve asked as the throbbing of his overtaxed heart drilled in his head. He blinked away the fog in his vision.
“So no one knows who Iron Man is.” Steve flips to the first page. “Some people think he’s a robot savior, others think he might be an AI.”
That was Rumlow. Of course. Steve glanced back at Tony. “I’m sorry.”
“Tell me about it,” Bucky says and scratches at the back of his neck. “Kind of makes you nostalgic for the good old days of hauling crap around the Rims.”
“Aren’t they one and the same?” Logan asks.
“Well, the Mantra helps you to compartmentalize your life, right?” the new guy said. And who the hell was he?
“I can’t ask you to do this, Sam,” Steve said. “You got out for a good reason.”
“He’s resting now. I don’t think he’s rested since we escaped,” Natasha said. She settled in a chair next to the bed Steve laid on. It took several minutes for his lagging brain to catch up. Something was wrong with him. He felt disconnected from his body as if he’d been a marionette puppet but his strings had been tangled and knotted.
“That’s not a good way to live, Natasha,” he says and keeps his voice low.
The prince’s expression brightens from the haunted look he always wears. “I’m glad you like it. That means a lot to me.” JARVIS chimes to indicate it’s time to leave for the luncheon. “Come the luncheon is being held in the heart of the Station, near the Secretary’s office. I’ve heard that he might even make an appearance.”
“Cap?” the doctor asks.
Thor pushed his way to Steve’s bed. “He’s ill from the pack. From all of us.” Thor lifted his arm to show his soul mark. It turned a putrid color of green gray. “He’s soul sick.”
Tony finds he can’t look Steve in the eyes and so he stares down at his strong hands instead. “We talked with Reed Richards. Bruce and I. And Logan. We all talked, and we figured out how to stop the seizures.”
He doesn’t wait for a response. Methodically and gently, Steve moves Tony to the main stream in the shower. He soaps him, shampoos him, and massages him. All the while Tony gazes at him with a sated, almost glossy eyes look. He smiles at Steve and tenderly kisses him when Steve gets close enough and then Tony takes over and washes Steve. It’s like a baptismal rite of passage. Deep down, Steve knows he passed the point of no return. He’s broken the rules and never once felt guilty about it, he still doesn’t feel guilty about allow Tony to bare back. Even the thought about it gives his cock a twitch interest. When Tony notices he kisses Steve and then massages him.
Steve shuffles quietly to the side. He sees a big bald man with a thick beard projected in front of the prince.
Steve studies it. It’s the way across in the best of times. “Yep, let’s get this done. The horses can take the current, but you gotta hold them steady. Don’t let them have their head, they’ll spook too easily.”
Abruptly, Tony stands next to him and places a comforting hand on his shoulder. “Let me tell you a story, Captain. It might ease your mind.”
A stone thrown at a glass house shatters it. A light breeze blew down a house of cards with ease. The truth of home terrified him. He stood in the middle of chaos as doctors, nurses, and the crush of people swarmed around him like a dysfunctional orchestra. He could only breathe out a few strangled words.
“Killjoy.” Tony pulls out a wad of credits and stuffs it in Steve’s hand. “Pay him, I want my popsicle.” The vendor accepts the cash and Steve tries to hand back the change. Tony only shakes his head and takes the popsicles ready to eat them, paper wrapper on and all.
Tony runs a hand down his face and stretches. The hard ground is one thing to wake up to, but it’s a different story to be in the embrace of a wild beast. Blu is hardly that, though. Tony should have guessed it. All the time in their cave, Blu never really tried to attack them even though he was beaten and abused, starved and chained. Something happened to this lion and although he cannot speak, the depths of his gaze shudders through Tony’s outer wall resolve. He’s never let anyone in, not even Rhodey, not to the core of himself.
“You got all that as you implanted a worm?” Steve shakes his head. “That sounds suspiciously like the Red Skull’s hideaway. I think you must have read that from my mind, not his brain.”
The clock ticks.
“Mister Wilson has gone to his apartment in the Tower.”
“I don’t think I like it at all-.”
Steve shakes his head. He staggers to climb to his feet again. The shield still activated, still bloody. “Not, not true.”
“So, you said he was like a father to you?” Steve prompts.
“What a donkey? A pack animal?” Tony says and maintains his flight toward the village. He will not have these asswipes bothering the locals. He’s here to clean out Ten Rings, not make things worse for the innocents. The defense departments are the world do enough of that crime.
“Sam is still in DC. That leaves you, Bruce, and me.” Steve bit back words. Tony saw him weighing whether or not to say them out loud.
Steve shuffled through the plans on the table in front of them. Their ache for him leaked through the bond. “It’s not a question of whether or not I can do it, Sam. I will. Don’t doubt that.”
Tony chimed in before Pepper could finish. “I did what I had to do. What apparently SHIELD couldn’t even figure out. The Vice President had sold out the country. The Mandarin was an American. Is it so hard for SHIELD to fathom that a white American male would be a terrorist?”
Tony raises his hands in surrender. “My fault. All my fault.” He leans in but stops short. “Don’t bit me. Remember I’m the good guy.”
Tony ran his hands through his hair. His disheveled look, his roaming eyes, and the jittery feeling through the soul bond spoke loud and clear of his anxiety. “I put you to bed. You were supposed to be resting. I was fucking worried about you!”
Rumlow hits him again, this time at the small of the back. Steve cries out and tries to trip his opponent. It doesn’t work. Somehow, Rumlow gets his pants up and is screaming for help.
Tony nods and tightens his lips before saying, “That’s fair. I haven’t been my normal self. I’m actually quite an entertaining fellow. You know, with all the sarcasm and witty dialog. Since we bonded, I’ve taken a route to try and train you. I’ve followed old lessons from a life time ago. I’ve come to the conclusion letting you have freer rein might be a good thing, especially after what I’ve seen at the conference.” Steven glances down at his held cock, clamped tight in the penis shaft. “As your alpha I still demand the right to your pleasure. It’s mine and mine alone to offer you. Do you understand?” Tony acknowledges the cock and ball cage and then reaches over with his ring and the locking mechanism opens, it falls off. Steve staggers a bit and lets out a low moan. “Understand?”
“He knew a lot already, Pepper, I’m not sure that’s a surprise.”
“Alone? You’re going to be with him alone?” Tony tugged his hand away. “No. I can’t! I can’t even believe you would think that – that I would leave you to him alone.”
“We can’t go and find water until I get the rest of the armor.” Tony points to the scattered pieces strewn all over the ground. “Do you think you could go and get the rest?” He must have hit his head a lot harder than he thought; he’s talking to a lion like he’s a person.
When Steve wakes up his head pounds like a raging beat of drums in some of the modern music of the day. He groans and closes his eyes to the bright colors amassed over him. He feels like he’s in the eye of a tornado, a peaceful place surrounded by chaos. Everything around him bangs and clangs and he needs to navigate out of the chasm into his new reality. The headache burns his sinuses and aches at the base of his nostrils. He rolls and feels soft freshly cut grass against his cheek. He clings to that information and grapples to get his bearings. The pain in his head accelerates until he shudders and his body balks at it.
Steve stares at the mug, the spirals of steam above the rim are intoxicating. “You never make me hot chocolate.” Tony hates him, especially since the revelation of his omission on the death of Tony’s parents.
CHAPTER 4
“Well, almost, but I’m not the blacksmith.”
Yet the past few weeks felt like a raging river swept him away on its currents and he couldn’t grasp a handhold to get himself to shore. He found himself muttering the Soul Mantra over and again as he swung at the bag. Wong had taught them a whole host of ways to control the bonds, to work within the astral projections of the soul pack, to discipline his mind, but he found the good old Soul Mantra the easiest, cleanest way to do it.
“I’m not going to tell anyone, if that’s what you’re thinking.”
Steve tensed and then he laughed. “A do over?”
“That seems completely unfair,” Tony says, but he stops and considers Steve’s words.  “Does it say anything about a human loving an angel?”
“Ten, huh?” Steve says. He opens the lid of another container to reveal wraps of Mendocino Chicken Salad. “Oh.” He licks his lips. “This looks good.” He glances up at Tony as if to ask what it is.
“Lord, don’t use that as your main source of anything. That’s curated by a bunch of volunteers that can essentially write whatever they damned well please. And considering entries are changed by whatever political wind is blowing, I think that there are better places to look,” Bruce said.
“You already looked into it?” Tony asks and the thought of Steve wanting to leave hurts and he’s not ready to admit that he has no business being hurt when he’s been jonesing for the same thing.
“Hooey?” This time Tony chuckled. “Hooey?”
His mind already leapt past her, and he should have learned his lesson not to do that to her. She had been his anchor for so many years, and he always took her for granted. He shouldn’t but he was a captive of his own intellect, talent, and emotional brain and never could resist it. So he kissed her cheek again and started back to the elevator, waving his fingers behind him.
“Plus it won’t play well in the press,” he adds if only to knock himself down a few more pegs.
She jitters and says, “What? What?” She tries to shove the entire thing back into the whole in his chest and he stops her.
The thought of losing these afternoons and nights with Steve jolted like a hot stab wound to the belly. Tony placed his empty bottle on the table next to the mysterious photograph of a distant past. "Who? Who wouldn't let me see you?"
“Yeah, he was here,” Tony says and his eyes go distant. “They put a bullet in his head because I wouldn’t build them the bombs they wanted. I suppose they’re going to do the same to you if I don’t do what they want.”
Freedom, first.
“Let’s go back inside,” Steve said. “You’re injured. I want to take care of you.”
It’s one of the reasons Steve ended up out West, that and the fact he wanted to hide from his own needs, hoping that hard work would burn out his deviant ways. He goes to the pot-belly stove and places a tin coffee pot on it, setting up the old beans to use again. He pulls apart the tin metal sieve and mixed up the crushed beans. He sets it up with the water and then throws another log on the fire to help the coffee percolate.
“Yeah, I guess we do.” Steve watches the restlessness of his friend. He wonders why Bucky never told him, how Clint never whispered a word. They’re friends, good friends, but in competition for one woman, that could destroy someone, could destroy a lot of people. “I’m sorry, for what it’s worth.” You can’t really chose who you love, he understands that in the hollows of his bones.
Steve pulls back for a moment; his eyes are wide and dark. “I want you, Tony, like I’ve never wanted anyone else before – but-.”
“Then what?”
Steve has enough sense in him to clamp onto Tony’s side panel and stop him. They lie there, panting and in his case gurgling. At least the blood feels warm against his frozen face.
From the art room, his personal assistant answers, “Almost done with the last draft.”
“Yeah, ask old Capsicle if he wants to hang out. See how the other half lives. How life can be great without all that,” Tony said and cringed inside. How much was he trying to convince her and how much was he trying to sway himself?
“Sorry, big guy, there’s no more.” He finishes off the filet he set aside for himself, but Blu persists. “All that’s left is the head and tail.” Blu hits him with his paw again. “Okay, if you insist. Don’t blame me if you get sick.” He tosses them to Blu who quickly grabs them and chows down much to Tony’s chagrin. “Ew. That is really gross.” Blu huffs and faces away. “Don’t be that way. Come on, now.”
“I’m not sure it’s clean,” Steve mutters but Tony must have bionic hearing because he answers.
Tony doesn’t speak he only nods and folds in close to Steve. The next time Tony wakes it’s to a rapping from downstairs. Steve’s still snoring. Tony rubs at his face and peers over at the clock. It’s late, 10 in the morning. He slips away from Steve and pulls on his sweats to go downstairs. He hopes it’s not a bear in the kitchen.
“No one is putting you or any of your team in a prison,” Tony says. He waits and just pops up on his toes and swings back to his full foot again. “Well, since you’re sitting there like a deer in headlights, let me explain. Alpha Privilege is a little known international law. The US has something very similar on the books. No one uses it much anymore because alphas aren’t really much in charge since the Beta Acts of the early19th century. How these laws still exist I don’t know, nor do I really care-.” Tony stops and assesses Steve. “Well, onto the good part because I can see by your reaction, that a little history lesson isn’t what you’re interested in. Alpha Privilege allows a high ranking alpha – such as myself – to take into custody a bonded omega that has willfully broken the law to enact punishment.”
“There, there may be a bond between us.”
“Wait! What?” The room blinks in and out for a minute and then Steve’s on his hands and knees with Tony hunched over him, telling him to breathe. “What? What happened?”
“Only if you really want me to,” Tony says and waits as Steve keeps his eyes to the floor. He closes the small distance between them – the gap feels like a chasm. But he fills it and touches Steve’s arm. “Do you want me to leave?”
“You could never be anything with the word moron in it, Tony. Never.”
mess.
Sam only shook his head and glided right over Steve’s comment. “So how’d it go with the Bucky reveal?” Sam said as he made himself comfortable on the couch next to the high backs. He sipped his beer and nodded thanks as Steve gave him a plate with a pile of slices on it. Sam’s eyebrows went up. “You know I’m not a super soldier. Two – three tops is my limit.”
“What?” Steve says. He would sit on his ratty couch but he gave it away yesterday and all he has are boxes. “I’m not going anywhere. I wasn’t invited.”
That zinger hurt when it hit true. He held his position though, staying a few meters from her and leaning up against the newly installed rails along the lounge area. “But SHIELD left it to fester, and little old me had to save the day.”
to move away from her.
Tony reaches out, his hand stretching. He’s waking and the doctors are on alert. Steve scowls at them and they give him space. He touches Tony’s hand. “I’m here, sweetheart. Open your eyes.” He tells himself Tony’s all right. There’s no sign of any brain damage. All the scans are clear. “Tony?”
“Don’t!” How this demon knows of his dreams – his fears – it’s part of his power. The Soul Keeper told him as much. “You lie to steal my soul!”
“It’s warm,” Steve says and he wants to explore further, he wants to touch flesh against flesh and he swallows down his needs, pushing them further away.
“Maybe like oil paints. The smell of oil paint? Or the scratch of charcoal against paper?” Steve shrugs under Tony’s hand and it’s affected, he’s trying so hard to be casual under Tony’s hands.
Leaning down, Tony whispers in his ear, “If they washed away, they wouldn’t be much use would they? Takes more than a simple bath to dissolve them.” He bites Steve’s lobe and then pulls away. He spreads Steve’s ass cheeks. “Good. Look at you dripping for me. The nanites respond to the person’s arousal. Didn’t I tell you that?” He slips a finger in and Steve shivers. “I wonder.” Tony doesn’t finish the sentence, instead he leans in and licks, plunging his tongue into Steve.
Swallowing down the nausea churning in his stomach, Steve hits the arrow to start the video. From the scene it looks like someone from the paparazzi tracked him down in front of his walk up. Thor is nowhere to be found. But Steve – he looks angry and ready to spit fire.
Steve places a finger on Tony’s lips, feeling the bristles of his beard. “Shush. I want to prep you, would that be okay? I want to open you up for me.”
“Steve.” Tony finds himself standing and walking to Steve’s side. He clasps Steve’s hand again. “Don’t leave me.”
“What? Why? Is Ross-.”
He gets antsy the longer he stays in the wilderness. He hadn’t told anyone where he was going and, while Tony’s been known to take long jaunts for weeks on end, that’s not his modus operadi anymore.  He needs to get back to civilization, back to his friends, back to his life. His gaze drifts to Blu who currently lounges in the mid-day heat. Leaving Blu might be one of the hardest things that Tony will have to do. There’s no two ways about it. At least, here in this little secluded place, Blu will be safe. With enough food, water, and shelter the lion can live out his days without human interference.
“Nat can meet you there, you might need help,” Clint says. “I would go but someone has to hang here with Bucky. He’s very volatile right now. We can’t loose him on the streets.”
Steve takes it and with a groan, stands. “I’m beginning to think that Schmidt might have planned things this way.”
“Popsi- what? Yeah, one of those. I want one of those.” Tony beams and holds up his bags as he exits the back room. “Look at all my goodies.” He pushes the guard away. “No, you can’t have my stuff. I’m carrying it all the way back to the ship. I am capable, you know!” The guard nearly squawks at him but steps away as Tony skips to the front entrance of The Cage. “Come on, Steve. I want a popsicle.”
“We almost to the drop point?” Sam asks, his voice controlled but urgent.
“To-today?” Steve tries not to let the fear creep into his voice.
This time he feels real heat and shame as he points to the obscenely large purple one. Without missing a beat she picks it up, stows the others, and then slicks up the purple one with some lube.
Steve shakes his head. “No, I just want to start. I don’t mean to be rude, but I want to – I’m close.” She doesn’t need to know all the pain behind his words. “I don’t want to know his name. He’s only to call me omega and I’ll call him alpha. If that’s okay.”
“He’s leaving for DC?” Bruce said and stood up. He avoided the glass shards on the floor like an expert. Tony figured he must have a lot of experience in the field of dealing with Hulk-related outcomes.
She lays a hand on his shoulder. “That’s why Happy, James, and I are working so hard to make sure he has something to come home to.”
Or maybe it is something – or someone – else.
“Maybe,” Yinsen says in a matter-of-fact tone. He lifts his own bowl to the lion. “Today we have a truce. Tomorrow, who knows.”
The half-smile graces the prince’s face. He narrows his eyes at Steve and points at him. “I think Steve Rogers that there’s more to you than meets the eye.”
Steve smiled. “Like now?”
“Oh no you don’t.” Tony caresses Steve’s side and then presses his hips against his leg. He can feel Tony’s hard cock through the fabric of his pantleg. “Do you want another finger, Steve? Do you want a fourth one?”
Through the pain etched over his face, Steve smiles and nods. “Just being here changed everything for me Tony and I don’t even know why. I don’t even know how I accomplished it.”
“Sir,” JARVIS interrupts. “Ms. Potts reminds you that your press conference is in 1 hour. She expects you to be on time and presentable.”
Before Tony addresses Luke (who, by the expression on his face, instantly recognizes the prince), Steve says, “Luke, I’d like you to meet someone special and someone who needs a lot of privacy but at the same time would like to be treated like a person rather than a title.”
“Apparently when I returned to the game, I was in full health.” Once again, Tony responds to something Steve thought. “Good that the nanobots are cold, it will relieve some of the swelling I would think.” Tony sits back. He looks haggard, tired, about to give up.
“Steve, I’ve held onto this secret for nearly my whole life. I read about you; I watched every silly movie you were in. I listened to Howard’s stories never believing that the man could live up to the legend, but you have. I can’t hold onto this anymore. It’s too big. It’s too much to hold in. My secret is you. You’re my Kryptonite, too. I want you, I want to build my life around you, I want you to break a promise you made a million years ago because you want me and can’t stand for me to leave you. I love you, Steve Rogers. I have always.”
Denying himself the satiation, the experience, grew within him until Steve couldn’t parse the difference. He said he didn’t want this type of love, that he labeled it as deviant and wrong. But he still wanted, he still yearned. Hungry for more, for sustenance had been his life. Why would he change it now? Because he could.
Tony huffs and shakes his head. “They really did hit you hard, didn’t they?”
“No. I think I’m just gonna put this in my room and get some stuff ready for tomorrow,” Steve says and escapes. He hears a muffled exclaim concerning the status of his manners. His temples sweat as he hears Tony making excuses for his wayward PA. His mother’s disappointment (bless her saintly soul) screams loud in his ears.
“Too many things. Too many factions.” Tony looks up, his eyes are bloodshot. “Obie’s right. There’s too much in-fighting and imbalance. We can’t possibly unite and win a war when everyone’s vying for the top of the heap.”
“Oh, yeah. Right.” He turns to leave, but then he asks, “So Friday, you’ll be here for anything I need?”
With a stretch of his soul Steve called out,
Steve had left Sam safe at home in DC. None of what Natasha said made any sense. Instead it formed a sinking hole in his heart. Steve teetered on the opening maw of the abyss. While he’d hid away, tried to stay away from it all and lick his wounds like some beaten dog, the world marched on without him. Marching to a drum roll of intolerance and hatred. No. He’d failed his duty. His sworn duty as soldier in the Army had been to protect. But what had happened? The country he loved roiled and turned rank with despicable deeds.
He gulps back his denial. One shared kiss does not make a relationship. “We had an agreement that he would go as my plus one.”
Steve shrugs. “I’m not sure. Like I said it came in today. We frequently get independent author’s books.”
The East Coast always brought him back to his father and the bad and good memories there. But now he can only think of one person, one need. "It's my home."
Tony nodded, not trusting his voice. Losing Steve wasn’t in the realm of possibilities. He chewed on his lip as Natasha and Sam made final plans and Wong moved Strange away from them to discuss the next steps. That left only Bruce and Bucky hanging with Tony.
“Of course, I know braille. I ended up getting my degrees when I was still effectively blind with no implant. While the profs did what they could to teach at a distance, I had to do a lot of my studying on my own. Jarvis actually arranged to have lots of books translated for me.” Tony lifts the book. “Haven’t touched some of these in years. Just lucky I had a few laying around here.”
“No, not him.” Bucky wasn’t looking at Tony. He was standing up straight, staring at his friend through the window. “I’ve been around him plenty of times when he flirted with death.” He glanced at Tony and then back at Steve. “And let me tell you that little pisspot likes to flirt with death. Maybe not with dames or,” he stumbled over the words, “guys, but death – death is his mistress. He knows how to dance with her. He never quite finishes the dance, you gotta bring him back. It’s gotta be you. You know that, right?”
“Ten years. We bonded when I was fifteen,” Natalie said and sipped her coffee. The Council had taken a break for lunch and Natalie had sought him out to discuss the water rights and the Lanes. “He has a sharp eye and always keeps me prepped for every little thing. He’s a good man.”
“Then show me,” Tony replies. He won’t back down – not now. He can’t. He needs to break this omega before they get to the Council of Worlds.
“No, you’re not,” Steve says and smiles. “Everything is fine now.”
“What? Now you’re a mermaid-merman, merangel? Whatever,” Tony says.
Steve helps him get on the bike. “You’ll need to hold on.”
He got back to the Tower in a pissy mood only to be greeted by Pepper who kept talking about moving back to California. She didn’t much like New York City. Sure, she liked the fashion and the cafes and the museums, but she hated the rush of the city and the coldness that came with that rush. She wanted to feel the sun and be in the mansion by the warm Pacific Ocean. The Hudson and the Atlantic were too cold for her.
As a child Tony knew a distant father who acted as if Tony was an asset more than a son. During drinking binges Howard would talk incoherently about the Movement and yell at Tony to get the fuck away from him. Other more lucid moments had Howard lashing out at Tony in more physical ways. Even now as they turned down a narrow single lane road, Tony rubbed away the ache of pain.
Steve doesn’t immediately answer. Bonds between humans and angels are not unheard of, but they are rare. Most angels guard their assigned human, walk into their lives, change things, and then walk out. Human don’t give angels a passing glance most times. They usually consider the angel a good friend, who has moved on and they lost touch - many years ago. It’s the way of life and time. But it isn’t that lost friend in many cases it is an angel interceding.
Confused, Tony wavered as if he might snatch his hand away from Steve, but he tentatively allowed his touch.  The hum of energy running through Tony vibrated like a racecar engine. More than a car, it throttled through Steve, galloping with unbridled need and yearning to break free. Steve became the conduit of that energy; it flowed through him, finding ground within Sam’s horrific injuries. Before him, the organs pinked up, losing their graying color, the blood pumped through repaired vessels, the heart beat with a strong, steady rhythm. The pulse of energy strumming through Steve increased the rate of his own heart beat until he nearly had to gasp for breath as if he’d walked back in time and suffered from asthma again. But he never relented. He kept his hand on Sam, following the course of the wounds, the energy sewing them back together, giving over what he drank from Tony to mend what had been damaged.
“Want more?” Steve start to climb to his feet but Tony stops him.
Steve bobs a little on his toes and then falls back. “Well, that’s why we’re here, isn’t it?”
With a breath, Steve said, “Your parents weren’t in an accident. They were killed by a Hydra agent and very likely that Hydra agent was my best friend Bucky as the Winter Soldier.” He was a coward then, instead of looking at Tony to see his reaction, he gazed out into the calming waters of the lake.
“Then come with us,” Tony said and even as he spoke the scene around him dissolved like warm water against a frozen windshield.
Steve listens. Jarvis is suddenly there, handing him his boots, his coat, his hat. He dons them, thanks Jarvis, and then races through the house, only half noticing that Miss Potts is sitting in the parlor at the desk with an inkwell and pen in hand. He mumbles an apology as he passes her and rushes out of the door. He hurries across the small town to the jailhouse and takes the steps two at a time, not caring about the rickety shape they are in.
“Good, because right now you don’t need to be dead.”
Those sweet memories of last night fade as he finishes getting ready for the day. He has to remember that because of what Natasha had done for Steve, he owes her to get his head back in the game and force his brain and heart to understand that he’s not in love. His body reacts to Tony – that’s all. It’s a good thing. He can do this. He nods, readies himself for the day, and steps out of the bathroom into the main quarters.
“Well, if we do this there are some practicalities.”
“No, I mean political trouble. You need to think beyond the next troop movement, Tony. You’ll never get anywhere if you’re always worried about the soldier and not the wider picture of the Conclave and the war.” Obie scowls at Steve but hooks his arm around Tony’s shoulder and leads him to the viewing box. “Now I have Pierce here. Prime’s independent but we could definitely use his support. I want you to spend some time talking to him.”
Rhodey shifts in the chair – he’s sitting next to Tony at the computer going over the code and the core programming to restore the previous version of the software to the implant and the glasses.
“It’s usually evidence, but you can go and look. I think we have a pretty good idea of what happened here now,” the officer said.
“Lord, this is beige,” Tony said and then tossed away the idea of Steve’s apartment as if it was a throwaway like everything else in society these days. “So I thought we could get this over with and not have to deal with SHIELD’s shit.”
Later, he sits on the alpha’s lap, the knot still in him as he rocks against the man trying to get some friction. The alpha kisses his neck but leaves his mouth hungry and alone. It is what Steve requested. He moans as he works the man, bringing him to climax again and again. He’s flooded with come. He stinks of it. But the more primal part of him glories in it. Part of him wants to beg for the bond, though he knows they are not made to bond. He cannot feel it. He still wonders if he’s capable of it anymore. Maybe he’s just wrong now. Maybe part of him is just that little skinny omega with no hope for the future. The thought just raises the temperature of his blood until he’s burning with desire and rage.
“We were just talking.” Steve looks at Tony.
Tony didn’t refuse; he didn’t fight Steve. He sat with him and had JARVIS send up a new plate of rare steak. Steve ate it, though not happily. He dozed during the afternoon and Tony with him. For once, it felt like they were just a couple, not illegal, nothing strange or peculiar about them. The idea that Steve loved him and that he loved Steve, regardless of the consequences in the coven, transformed Tony. As he went into his stasis, Tony reminded Steve to sleep as well.
“He hasn’t said anything. He hasn’t said anything at all.” Tony went over their conversations and nothing popped up. It had all been about love and getting through the current mess.
The man and his goons leave with only a backward glance before the door is slammed shut again. Steve figures he should have rushed them, but what good would it have done if he got himself shot in the head? He stands empty handed and desolate; he’s an angel made human. He doesn’t have any healing powers, not now.
“Don’t get technical on me Rogers.” He squeezes Steve’s hand. “Now you want to explain to me why you don’t think you deserve love and happiness?”
“Something like that,” Steve agrees. It sounds trite and ridiculous the way Clint puts it.
That breaks the haze of his panic, and he says, “What’s that mean?”
Bullets pinged against the metal of the car.
“As you wish, my lord.” The words are spoken with teeth to them.
“Are you going to help me out or what?” The high-backed chair gave Tony the chills since he couldn’t see what might be behind him.
– or God bless you.” He pours the stew into the pot. “But the problem was humans can’t survive in the world of the Fae. If you eat food beyond the veil then you wither and die inside because it has no nutritional value, not for humans. This is kind of like that.”
That was true. Steve had loved Peggy – so much. Tony still felt the depth of it when Steve spoke of her. “True. But desire and identity aren’t black and white. It’s not a yes or no question. He’s very clearly bisexual.”
“No, you’re challenging me. And I can tell you
“I see. I get it.” He does. He never confessed until the end when he’d had nothing to lose. “And now?”
“Are you in pain? Natasha, what’s going on?”
“Well someone has to watch the read outs and see how it’s going,” Tony says and taps his lip with his finger. “Okay, why don’t we solicit everyone’s help. Vision, Wanda, Pietro. They could all take shifts.”
“But am I back for good?” Steve looks at him this time, his eyes a glitter. The low light streaming from the window highlights the tears.
He flipped the faceplate back in place with a simple command. “Rhodey.”
Bruce frowns. “Aren’t you dating Steve? Maybe he likes the way you look. That might mean something good.”
He hadn’t wanted to talk with her. Most of his time in Wakanda he’d only wished for solitary isolation. “I’m not sure what you mean, ma’am.”
“I’ll find you again, I swear it,” Steve says and then kisses the crown of Tony’s head. The feel of arms around him, the weight of Tony against him comforts Steve and he drifts farther and farther away until he opens his eyes again and realizes how long he’s been lying on the bed.
“Steve?”
“Are you all right, Tony? Natasha really got to you,” Pepper said as she wrapped her arms around him. He laid his head against her and tried to feel the warmth of her embrace.  It meant the world to him; she meant everything to him. The tears prickled at his eyes and he shut them to shun the feelings – the empty, ragged need.
Every single high end shop turns them away.
Tony weighed whether or not he should even talk about anything at this stage since his mind incubated the problem and hadn’t come up with a result yet. “Yeah, Steve.”
“I know,” he replies. He doesn’t want to hear it from her, not from one of Tony’s most trusted allies. He’s not really part of Tony’s fleet, his company, his friends, or his family. He’s a whore and nothing more. “Anyway, I need to ask you something else.”
Clint picks up his bow. “We’re just doing some target practice. Wanna join in?”  Lila comes up with her own bow and quiver full of arrows.
Tony doesn’t ask what that means. He doesn’t want to know. He eats the oats while watching the lion. It lays on its side in the shadows of the room. “I think it’s supposed to intimidate us.”
In to the West
Tony smiles. “You really think so?”
It hits him like a surprise. “Yeah, I suppose I do.”
He wonders if the lion will free himself, get away from the drug lords and terrorists. Does he have a duty to go back and save the poor beast? He’s not one to know morals and ethics. Animal cruelty is right up there with shitty things people do though. He knows that much. Going back right now, though, is an impossibility. He needs to find shelter and get back to his life. One day soon he might come back.
Without offense, Steve replied, “You’d be surprised.”
Tony smiles and it’s swimming and lovely and Steve has to recollect what Bucky warned him about this morning.  It is only coffee and he reminds himself that he needs to know the citizens of Avenge as the lawman of the town.
CHAPTER 3
“At least make sure he sees the bonding collar.” His tone ices Steve’s insides. His touch riles Steve’s emotions, bubbles up the sentiment of rage yet at the same time the longing of love. It conflicts and distorts. He’s afraid if he looks up from his booted feet the world might slant and shred. He tells himself that it’s the gland, his new gland still healing, still trying to adjust to the rollercoaster of emotions.
“I’m sorry.”
“Do it,” Ross said, and the two scientists wheeled the vampire out, her dying eyes gazing at Steve. He shivered in his bonds.  The enforcer type V-Corps agent stayed. Ross studied Steve and then moved into the shadows where Steve could barely see him. “You see, your blood is very valuable.”
And he’s not wrong.
Steve’s exclamation elicits a brutal groan from Tony as he shoves hard and deep into Steve. The motion pushes Steve up against the wall of the shower. The water pelts them sluicing over his hot skin but it’s not enough, it’s never enough.  He begs for more.
“Go, I’ll be there once I dress. Go, go,” Tony says and gestures for him to leave.
Steve growls and shuns the voice mocking him in his head. His muscles strain and his face feels the pounding warmth of pain and a new flush of agony. He eyes the next crossroads – a left and right turn – he needs to jump over the wall. It’s at least ten feet high. Adding a bounce to his stride he preps and then heaves, leaping high and clearing the wall easily, rolling to stop on the other side but then colliding with a metal boot.
The ship isn’t boxy or industrial like the cattle car he traveled to Prime Station on. Instead, it is curved and artistic. There are port windows that expand the entire bridge of the ship. The windows are a center piece everywhere he goes on the ship – and windows are not considered useful in ships at all. Viewers controlled by AI do the job better than any window. Yet the prince’s ship seems to use windows functionally as well since every portion of the outside of the ship can be viewed, Steve would bet. It’s jaw dropping. When they walk down the gantry toward the quarters, they pass the galley, the kitchen, and lounge.
“Tell me you don’t know you are arrogant, Mister Stark?”
Steve decides to approach this assignment a different way. Standing and allowing himself to steady his legs, he says, “You know, you have it all wrong.”
Tony laughs. “I cannot imagine Steven allowing himself to be gifted.”
Steve follows him in, placing the bag of dinner on the table and locking the door behind him. “Here, let me get you oriented.” Over the course of the next half hour, Steve teaches Tony the layout of the room, the bathroom. He explains the type of television – a console! The ugly lamp with its wooden and brass base on the table next to the bed. The outlandish wallpaper on the top half of the wall (rows of oranges and limes) while the bottom half has knotted pine paneling. The floors have shag rugs that match the limes. While the bathroom is basic and easy to get around for Tony.
“Don’t tell Da,” Morgan whispers and Tony kisses the crown of her head and promises.
“Sir, I am getting failing readings from the anomaly ahead.”
Blu gets up and heads down the hillside, turn back every now and again to ensure that Tony’s following him. Blu hesitates as he finds his way down the path, choosing a slightly longer but easier trek. As Blu trots away from their tree and toward the right, Tony brings up the rear. With no idea where the closest source of water might be, he’s at the lion’s mercy. He trusts Blu. After a full day and some shadowy times in the cave, Tony implicitly trusts the cat.
“Oh yeah. I forgot to send her a message that we were staying a few extra days. She dropped off supplies though and left.” He points to the paper bag and then focuses on the coffeemaker. Taking two mugs down, he asks, “What do you want for breakfast? We worked up quite the appetite last night. Even I’m hungry.”
“We’re safe here,” Steve said as more of a question than a statement.
“Thank you, Doctor Banner.”
Steve looked between the king and Tony. With only a curt nod, Tony released him, and Steve wanted to protest, but Tony urged him on with a quick wave. “I’ll meet you back in your room.”
“How different are you than the man who left Logan and married that other Tony? How different? Does he feel like you? Does he think like you?”
“What drop down? What’s this all about?” the Captain says in his very captainy voice. Tony has got to stop reading Avengers’ fanfiction in his free time. He really needs to get a date, or get laid, or something.
“Pepper, I love you.”
“Shut up.” He knows it’s not polite and he should at least feel some sympathy for the guy but he feels shitty and he doesn’t think he has the strength to pull it together and be buddies with the guy who’s going to steal Steve away from him.
“Three o’clock in the morning.”
“We are,” Steve admitted. “Right now, though, rest. We have to figure out what needs to be done and we’re safe because of Wakanda, but we can’t put this place in danger. We will need to go back. So sleep now.”
He glances around the large room, interspersed with the shelves  and windows are terminals and holographic interfaces along with connections of the Viz-nets. “When I punish him – and I know it’s my right to do so – I feel.” He presses his lips tight. “I feel wrong. Like I shouldn’t, like he’s more than just an omega at my feet.”
“We do. We know he just cut us off. I couldn’t feel him. Could you? Like a wall. He constructed a wall. I didn’t even know he could do that,” Natasha said. “I didn’t know anyone could do that.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Steve said. His hand quaked as his wiped away the tears. “Sorry, I just. I never knew. I’m sorry. I told you so many times it was wrong.” The tears streaked down his face and didn’t stop.
“Yeah, maybe he can make heads or tails of it. I know he worked on it with Ross,” Tony said. “You might be onto something.”
“Yeah, sandwiches are fine,” Steve said, and Clint agreed. Steve busied himself with helping Sam, though he figured he was more of a hindrance. Clint drifted toward the living room. The television blared updates about Captain America and the sin of mating a vampire. Steve cringed the news. “It wasn’t supposed to be like this, you know.”
“Where?” His voice sounded strange even to him. Blinking, the room around him made no sense. It looked sleek and modern, and technologically beyond what he’d seen as a V-Corps agent.
“No, Tony, no. I didn’t know. Not like this – I didn’t.”
“Mer Rogers, you have done an outstanding job of taking care of the prince.”
“You want to do this in the gym?” Natasha asked. The doubtful look radiated not only a dismissive attitude but also some distrust. The latter was normal for her, but the former – not so much when it came to Steve.
The white coated man, Reynolds said, “Don’t have them slice its throat open the next time. Makes it hard to harvest the feeding glands.”
Steve nearly gasps but muffles his reaction. He’s an outside observer, he’s not allowed to have a vote. Tony, though, he stops his reaction, he stops breathing. He sits still and unmoving.
“Yeah, you were clawing at the backpacks looking for it,” Tony says as he walks back to Steve’s side. His eyes are hollow, lost, almost desperate in their expression. “She’s still your girl, huh?”
“A dream,” Tony murmured back. “We don’t fit together so good in real life, huh?”
Thankfully, Wong picked it up and explained, “You will be learning how to control the bonds of the soul pack and how it connects your astral projection to others. We will not be training you in the ancient arts.”
“You were sleeping.  I didn’t want to bother you,” Steve said. He sat across from the bed in a tattered chair with a pad of paper and a lead pencil.
“Iron Man has neutralized all aerial traps,” Maria chimed in.
“I bought it for him because Steve has a terrible sense of direction. He kept getting lost when he went to do things for me on the station. Isn’t that right, Steve?” Tony waits.
He has clear his mind, because if he doesn’t he’s liable to rip Tiberius Stane apart with his bare hands. From everything he’s seen and everything that Pepper told him, Steve knows there’s more. Tony Stark knows how to hide secrets; even if he doesn’t recall his time as a Courtesan anymore, those talents are second nature.
Even as he jogs out of the lounge and into the main bay area, Steve cannot help but feel as if he’s let Bucky down. He frowns and slows down. He doesn’t want to seem over anxious. For some reason as he approaches bay thirty two, he wishes he had his shield. His back feels open, vulnerable, and naked as he rounds the corner into the massive bay of the luxury liner.  He gasps as he lays eyes on the Stark Corp ship. It’s a beauty as well as huge, and he can only see a portion of it, since part of the liner is outside the Station.
He sank into the Mantra, listening to Tony speak it as if he flew – as if he rushed toward some untouchable goal. At first, the way Tony chanted the Mantra gave the impression that he didn’t much care, that it was a chore he needed to do and that he hated it – but truth existed beneath the surface. Steve followed, dove deep through the bond. With powerful strokes, he moved through the Mantra to seek out and find the waves of the bond. It wasn’t difficult, the way that Tony showed him with the words, the cadence of his words. It might not be a traditional chant, but it entranced and elevated with a hint of joyful playfulness. It occurred to Steve that this must be the way that Tony felt while flying in the armor.
His father had always said that punishment seeded obedience. He’d even used this philosophy on raising his son. No wonder Tony had a wild, rebellious phase during his youth. In the past few weeks he’s used the punishment principle on Steven to no avail. The omega defies him at every step. Walking over to the rack, he studies it. He could string the omega up again. If he commanded it the omega would acquiesce, Tony is sure. He could go farther this time, make him bleed.
“We think we figured it out. Our Steve and the alternate Steve are entangled.”
“I get it.” Tony says and points to Shield. “Need help up?”
At that point, something broke inside of Tony and he accepted what would happen. Tony let go of Bucky completely. The lights of the city glittered in the darkness and the world tilted upside down from his vantage point. But he had no choice, no way out. Somehow Tony found a sharp, lose shard of glass. Managing to grab the glass dagger Tony screamed and, with a strength he didn't know he had, cracked it off and drove it into Bucky's chest right below his right collar bone. Bucky had gasped and staggered back, immediately releasing Tony.
The ample amount of pre-come dripping down Steve’s cock served as a lubricate and Tony gripped both of their cocks together in his hand. Steve shuddered as their cocks touched and he turned his head, closed his eyes.
“What’s so funny?” Steve asks as his bag materializes in front of him. He’s been on missions before he knows how to pack for long drawn out journeys as well as warfare.
“Listen, my Captain,” Tony says and Steve should complain – should tell Tony to stop calling him Captain. But the word rolls off of Tony’s tongue, so naturally, that when Tony uses it, it feels right. It feels like things will work out and that the title has become his name in some obtuse and confusing way. “Listen, we’ll all a bunch of misfits. I’m dying, and I like my love with a little muscle, Bruce is a doctor with rage in his heart, you’re a war hero who also seems to like it on the muscular side. We’ve found a place here, a different place. I think that’s why I’m out here in the West. That’s why Stark Industries didn’t have a problem letting me leave. You can’t imagine the way the investors look at someone like me.”
Steve drops down from his horse, gathers up the reins to all three animals, and ties them to a sorry looking bare tree. He retrieves a skin with water in it, pulling off his hand and pouring it in for the horses to drink.
Schmidt knows this too well. He floats around Steve, taunting him. “How many souls did you capture and feed me. How many souls did I find succor with because of your diligent and honorable work?”
“It’s your only option. You want to find out what happened to your other Deputy, find your friendly slightly deranged – from what I hear – snake oil salesman, and get this miracle cure for your friend, you can do one of two things. Walk up to his front door and demand it – from what I understand that will require a large amount of bullets and blood, or you can get invited in,” Tony smiles. “Your choice.”
Tony tightens his lips and shakes his head. “No. Not at all. She’s cookies and thick Eastern European sauces and candles burning down to their end.”
Steve didn’t recognize the voice at first and it took his weary eyes a minute to focus on Bruce who stood on the other side of the bed. Next to him was Natasha and finally Thor at the foot of the bed. The air around him felt different and he instantly knew he was no longer on the handicapped Helicarrier.
“Yeah,” Steve says, and a blossom of color reaches his too pale cheeks. “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you.”
“You look good.”
Over the next weeks, the presents of the paparazzi buzzes around him like a swarm of insects, locusts ready to feed on any morsel of information. Steve never gets used to it, but he does manage it better. The first time he handled it poorly and the whole of his yelling at the photographers splashed across twitter, Buzzfeed, and even Variety news outlets. He learned from that and now he simply puts on a pair of sunglasses, a hoodie, and walks as fast as he can to get away from them.
“Take yourself in your hand,” Tony says and it’s only the softest of whispers.
Tony pauses, second guessing what the hell is happening, but then he ends up at Steve’s side, helping him back to bed, seeing the injuries he endured lighter, less deep. But the protuberances on his back still present, though dimmer, more toned like his flesh.  Steve is on his hands and knees, crawling aimlessly around the floor as he quakes through some kind of strange pain.
“On your knees! Present.”
“Sir, I’ve located where the lion you call Blu was last reported,” JARVIS says.
Tony feigns Steve mouthing at him but dutifully eats his sub with gusto and drinks the water. After Steve finishes eating, he cleans up the kitchen and Tony devours the blueberries. He dusts his hands off and says, “I didn’t know I was that hungry, but now can we go?”
Wanda slipped alongside Bruce. “I can help.”
Clint screws up his face which only serves to make him wince. “Ow.” He rubs at his jaw. “Listen, we all know that’s not happening. We know we gotta leave.”
Friday breaks his train of thought. “I have a reply from Steve Rogers.”
The prince splays out on a reclining chair. His eyebrow notches up a degree. “You know those flavors are probably all fake since they went extinct eons ago.”
It's audacious. Steve has a feeling that Tony lives by a creed of audacity, stupidity, and a little bit of pluck. He cannot believe how such an intelligent man can be so confounding. “There’ll be none of that on this trip. We can't risk it.” He doesn’t confess that he believes Schmidt won’t allow him in the main house at all.
After as they came back to themselves Tony looked down at Steve, his lips bright and bruised, his cheeks high with color, and he stroked a hand down his face. Gently. Softly. "Tell me."
Tony grunts but doesn’t seem able to get any words out.
Steve moved through the days as they transferred him to a private apartment in the palace. He thanked them. He went to the balcony and hoped that they were wrong. That Shuri and the other vampires and Divini were wrong. That he would burst into flames or the sun would make him weak. Nothing happened. He sat out in the sun and not even the blinding light penetrated the darkness. The cell became everything. It transformed his breathing, his life, his heart beat. He began to hate the blood inside of him. He thought of ways to drain it, he spiraled further and further until he longed for the darkness, but all he could see was the sun. If he stayed in the sun, then he would be damned for his humanness. If he went to the dark, then he would be damned with the memory of the cell.
"A small contingent. You, your battle partner, and Hawkeye as your pilot. You must take him to watch and to see."
Slapping Tony on the arm, Obie smiles. “It’s about time you take care of yourself, Tony. And Mer Rogers, how did Tony find you?”
He should have considered the possibilities of what was happening to him. Was it just greed on his part or did the serum in him change him? Make him need more? Or transform his supernaturality to something else?
The crack of laughter cut the air like an ax. It hurt to hear. “Yes. I suppose so.” He paused before he added, “It’s a lot to take in. I’m a harbinger of death now. Really. I thought as a vampire, when I was a vampire, I wouldn’t hurt anyone. I wouldn’t kill for the blood. But now I have this in my chest and hands and feet and I’m – I’m this other thing.”
“Good,” Steve says, confirming his consent. They rest with Tony spooned up against Steve, practically laying on top of him. It’s a firm and solid weight and Steve finds he likes it.
“Go ahead and call out to him.” The voice sounded young again, as if the Peggy he knew spoke to him, as if her ghost hovered over him.
“This is really too much,” Steve says and spears a few pancakes.
Bracing for the worst, Steve stands up and raises his hands. “Bucky, I-.”
“I understand he was your colleague. You were on his team, took direct orders from him. But you do know the punishment for betraying your own species, for putting humans at risk of contamination. Agent Barton, you know what’s at stake.”
“I wasn’t changed,” Steve said but the doubts rose like a festering need.
“Sir, he asks if you are one of the Lion Hunter’s men?”
Blu whines and then lets out a mournful howl.
Once they land everything becomes a whirlwind of activity. Pepper and Happy, along with an ambulance, greets them on the tarmac. There’s not a lot Steve’s allowed to do, he’s almost pushed aside as the professionals and Pepper take over. Steve watches from the sidelines in a kind of horrified miasma. Tony keeps searching for something, and Pepper only leads him away from the jet, makes him get on the gurney. Tony’s troubled and his eyes glisten with tears. Pepper shoots Steve a glare and he can’t parse why or what the issue is, so he runs up to help and she stands in his way.
“Well, get dressed. I’m going to get mine on.”
Steve leans on the wall and crosses his arms over his chest. “I just don’t see Mister Stark as being all that repressed, considering his lifestyle and what his wealth has afforded him.”
“Yes, it has, Blu,” Tony whispers. His hands are on Steve’s hands. He loves the feel of his beard, the intensity of his blue blue eyes.
“So, you’re ready to go?” He doesn’t like the idea of Tony coming with him, but he truly has no other choice. It is, after all, an invitation for Tony to visit with Schmidt.
“As I understand it, sir, the mating is consensual. I mentioned that before.” He could play this game, though he was never one for subtlety.  “I don’t make judgements based preferences in that area.”
“They didn’t destroy it – not all of it.” Steve gazed up at Tony. “I’m not giving up, Tony. I never said I was.”
“Why don’t you take a shower, get dressed, and come downstairs? I’ll get some hot chocolate if we have makings.”
“You can’t even say his first name, you haven’t since-.”
Maybe too much. He threw an arm over his eyes. If he seriously had to drink another pint of cold pig’s blood he might vomit. It tasted like old pennies in his mouth and was just as appetizing. Where was his mate? They’d made the arrangements to meet here. He hoped his mate hadn’t run into trouble. The law prohibited human mates for vampires, considering it a ghoulish enterprise. Sure, a mate supplied caretaking such as running errands during the day and paying debts a vampire never hoped to pay off since vampires weren’t allowed jobs in the human society. Vampires mated by definition with one human in all aspects of the word. They mated and loved one human at a time. That human did the chores and dealt with the daily activities of life but also gave over their body to the vampire. To do with as a vampire pleased. Some unscrupulous vampires used it as an excuse to do unspeakable things to humans, but most of the covens abided by the rules of honor or so Tony had been told. He knew he honored his human mate. Hurting his mate never crossed Tony’s mind. All they had to do was to keep it under wraps since human law forbade it.
Steve turns back to Bucky, and even as he reaches for his hand, he apologizes, “Bucky, I’m so-.”
Steve heaves in a breath and shakes his head. “Hardly.”
Steve grasps Tony’s hands. “No. I’m not seeing someone else, but I do have to go and do this right now. I’m sorry, Tony. This is my fault. I need to go.” He flees. He ignores Tony’s calls to stop him, but at the same time half hopes that the prince will follow him, race after him, sweep him in his arms, and ask him to stay forever.
After that slight, Obie slaps him on the back, gives him a list of need to do operations for the weapons research, and then shows himself out. Tony glares at the door to the lab space. The empty hallway to the upstairs is just a blot of darkness. He turns back to the screens, to his interface and throws up his hands to access the information on Captain America. It's everything in the public records.
Bucky shuffled over to the bed and sat with a heavy sigh. After a few moments as Steve took the seat next to him but left room between them, Bucky said, “I don’t blame you, Steve. You got nothing to worry about.”
"Really?" Tony says and wants to probe further, but a pounding on the door interrupts them. "Shit."
“He was and as you well know I am the beneficiary of my mother’s estate including all of the Carbonelli assets. That includes this omega. He’s now mine. We’re bonded.” He sips the drink, relishing his moment but not the simple citrus drink.
“What’s going on?” Things are starting to make a lot less sense.
“Who said it was you going?” Steve had asked. That had led to one long conversation, battle, debate, and final resolution that they would both go since Cho thought that the maximum the cradle technology could handle would be two.
“We have gunner pods along the sides of the ship. And I slipped in a few shuttle ports at the stern, but the main ones are at the nose or bow of the ship.”
“Great, let’s go. The access road goes right down to the service docks on the other side of the island.”
“It’d be better if you’d go back to sleep,” Steve says half-jokingly.
Thor released an unneeded breath. “She saved me from my brother. I have always had a soft spot for him. I always allowed him much when I shouldn’t have. She recognized it and saved me, saved my mate. She will do anything for the coven including the human mates. Don’t let her hard edges fool you. She will protect your Steven if it is necessary.”
“I don’t follow-.”
“You got it bad for him, Tony. That’s nothing to be ashamed of,” Bruce says. He shrugs out of time with what he’s saying as if he’s not comfortable with his own body.
“Is that bad?” Natasha asks.
Steve inhales and it seems to suck all the agony out of the car and into his broad chest. When he speaks it shatters Tony’s resolve. “I know that, but I had to let it happen if I wanted to stay here. Now I can’t, darling. I have to leave.” His words rips open all the wounds and destroy all Tony’s hopes.
Steve only shook his head, not sure that Tony saw him.
“Headaches?” Steve asks.
“Well the leaders of the pack, of the Avengers can’t be completely the same. How would that help us?” Steve said but his words were tender, even soft. He watched as Steve’s eyes flicked to Tony’s lips and then back again to his eyes. “I’ve been wrong, almost misled in my days.”
“You said you visited him there again. Just last night?” Wong asked.
“Of course.” Steve gives a short bow and then hurries away, his mind a jumble of what the prince meant to say. They’d only shared one night and one morning together – there’s nothing to dream about here. This is not a way out. Steve collects his toys and stuffs them into his bag. He needs to get his head on straight.
Right now he ignores all the alarms and warnings. But they are there. So blatant and glaring. A hooker. A man with the same history as Captain America, a man who just might be a resurrected Steve Rogers. The screaming of the alarms would terrify any sane person away from this path.
Tony picks up one of the fries and points it at Steve. “These are all good pointers to know. I think we can spend the next week finding out a lot about each other. It’s like a little honeymoon at the beginning. Kind of cool.”
The prince falls into the pillows and throws his arm over his face. “You wound me. Ancient as I am, I’d hope you’d see beyond my wrinkles.”
As the helicopter makes its way to the mainland, Steve convinces Tony to rest. His face is drawn, and dark circles bruise his eyes. Steve shares a concerned look with the medics but neither of them comment. Tony doesn’t sleep but he’s not fidgety and full of kinetic energy like he normally is. Steve’s not sure to take it as a good sign or bad.
“I don’t think you should trust a spy,” Tony remarked and dropped down onto the bed. He didn’t think he could watch Steve leave, not this time. “He has some agenda you don’t know about. You do realize that right?”
Tony beams. “This is Mer Steve Rogers. Really a personal assistant. I couldn’t expect the Duchess-.” He pauses and looks toward Pepper who is currently engaged in a conversation with Vision. “To front my Fleet and take care of my laundry, now, could I?”
“If you ever want to know about what Beloved means, talk to someone who is a Beloved.”
He’d done this himself. With his inactivity, by hiding away. By allowing the crush of the dark cell to control him. He’d done this. “I did this. This is my fault.”
Is damaged – and there’s not a damned thing Tony can do about it. That’s what irks him. He’s a mechanic, an engineer, he fixes things. It’s in his nature. He can’t do a damned thing to help Steve. Even if this situation was closer to normal circumstances – say that Steve would allow him to help – Tony begins to doubt that he can. A drug addict cannot find a way to solve the problem unless the addict admits it. Steve thinks he’s only doing it for the benefit of others. Tony knows better.
“So, when do you think the compound will finish all this work,” Steve says and points to the raw structure of the hallways.
He shouldn’t feel like it’s a prison, but it is. He’s lost and alone and there’s no hope for that to change. There are people all around him. There are avenues and paths to follow and to explore. None of them beckon him.
“It would be much appreciated, Captain,” Vision says with a small bow to his head. “If we would be able to more fully understand the nature of my existence.”
“No, Prince Anthony is alone.”
His heart hammers in his chest so loudly Steve nearly misses Tony’s soft-spoken words. He pushes away his fears and, as Tony’s hand lingers against his cheek, he says, “You’re reading it right.”
Stark was back.
“Which is his cover, his fake name that all Service members have to have when they go under cover in case they need extraction. He’s given it to you because you won’t let him go.” Tony turns on his heel to Rhodey again. “Isn’t that right?”
Tony whistles in surprise. “So Captain, you gonna share?”
“Right now, let’s focus on the present. We have to get across the garage and to the truck I-.”
The rope jostles and Steve hangs on as the Hulk bashes it against the rocks. Steve growls and adjusts his handgrip then braces against the rock wall with his feet and shoves off. It’s enough to swing the rope free – for now. With every bit of strength and power he possesses, Steve grapples up the rope. Thankfully his burden stays quiet and doesn’t throw him off balance.
“Tony,” Steve says and tentatively reaches over to grasp his hand. “Tony, Hydra had your parents killed. They didn’t die in an auto accident, and it’s very likely that the Winter Soldier was responsible.”
Turning to him, Steve raises a brow and smiles. “It’s exactly what she meant.”
“You know me too well for that,” Tony replies and then he listens as she walks away. Part of him mourns her loss as his PA. She’s been a great asset, a great friend over the years, but keeping her tied down to him really doesn’t serve her potential. She’s gone in a whisper and then Tony reverts his attention to Steve. “Shall we?”
is dead?
“Now, you say you want more? You want me? I’ve been by your side all this time, but damned within the first few weeks you could have stopped paying me and I would still have been there, Tony. I want to be there. For you. It’s all you. I’m amazed, stymied by your brilliance. I’ve learned so much. And I’ve discovered so much more. You make me a better me.”
“It’s a safe house for you, isn’t it?” Steve asks. This island, this little slice of paradise isn’t a vacation spot, but a haven. It’s somewhere Tony can escape to and hide. A reclusive home in a remote area of the Labrador Sea.
Pietro rushes into the room. “Vision said that Pepper activated the party protocol. That means that there will be a medical evac helicopter here in a little less than an hour. Doctor Strange is in route to meet us at the airport and then fly to New York.”
Steve giggles and the sound tickles his ears through the speaker. “This is so great.”
Steve bows his head as he stands by the sink. Could they have made it over that moment? Could Steve have broken down and revealed what really happened with Bucky? How the alpha rage had poisoned him and he couldn’t bond with anyone. The calming influence of being with Steve had helped him. But during his urgency not even Steve could get through to him. Steve submitted to him, and it wasn’t about sex. It was about pain and rage.
At first glance, the cell looks completely empty, and he furrows his brows in puzzlement. He scans the room and is about to go back to the interface to find out if the omega has been terminated already when he glimpses a ragged form in the corner of the cell. He gasps.
“No problem. It’s a quiet day. Why don’t you come around and we can get started right away. Go through the door and we can go to a room to discuss your needs.” She points to the door next to the curved reception desk, separating the outside from the inside – the blocks. Steve presses his lips together and considers leaving before she says, “We’ll take good care of you.”
“A tuxedo will be delivered momentarily.” As if on cue another knock on the door and the doctor goes to open it without Steve’s approval. “Ah Doctor Wong. Thank you.”
Yet moving into the darkened hall only invites the images, the monsters to follow him and he’s there again – in the prison camp – and the smell becomes a living thing. The reek embodies all of the fear and revulsion. It shapes before him and the filthy tents, the heat and humidity of the place drawn up with the scent of human waste, of humans wasting away, of pus and sickness – it culminates to the feel of the whip as it slices across his back because he’s defended the defenseless, tried to make it an easier place to survive. The horror of it, the terror of it turned men into beasts and no one allowed the slightest humanitarian act. Regardless of their similar fates as prisoners, there were those who would use it to their advantage.
“Steve?”
His wings hitch upward and he thinks of Tony touching them, how much he longs for Tony to be with him. His weakness may be due to his Transformation taking place on Earth. The waters brush over his shoulder and he lies back into the waves. For long minutes he allows the ocean to take him, floating again. Part of him hopes that it will heal his mind as well as his body. But he knows there’s something innately wrong with him. Since the beginning he’s been one not to follow orders. He breaks rules, it’s what he does.
The night stretches out and he gets to the airport with little time to spare. He’s going to be late and he waits for Steve to text him back. He half hopes he doesn’t – that would relieve Tony of his guilt. But when they land, there’s a text and it says to meet Steve at his studio apartment at eleven sharp.
Tony frowned, but the pain in his eyes spoke not of disappointment, but fear and confusion. “Why shouldn’t I?” Was it a challenge or an offer?
“I’m not sure I like the sound of that,” Steve says.
Sam shakes his head and sips the coffee. He blanches and places the mug on the desk. “That is vile, my friend, you need to learn how to brew coffee. But what’s worse is what’s going on here. You need more help than I can give you.”
“Yes, but -.” JARVIS interrupts Tony’s reply.
“Let’s just say that woman is scary sneaky,” Steve said and then finished dressing. “I have to go, Sweetheart.”
Tony stares out at the stream, how the sunlight catches the ripples and turns them into fluid diamonds on the water. “When I was very little, I used to dream that you would become real. Well, my little toy lion would become real and save me. Then when I got older and read the comic books and other stories, I used to dream of Captain America coming to save me.”
An'Tony learns more about Steven, and wonders about the changes in himself.
“Bucky, don’t be crude,” Steve says and yanks his arm away. Generally, he puts up with a lot from Bucky, and not because of his disability.
Steve guides Tony down to the blanket and then kneels on the edge as he retrieves the sandwiches. “Hope you don’t mind sandwiches.”
“Depends,” Tony says. “Say you have a game, like SIMS or Minecraft. Does the creator know every action that happens, probably but not the way you expect. Say you go to work in the morning, like you have a regular job. Every morning you see the same people on the subway. You know they are there, but you know little about them. Kind of the same deal – here Ultron knows we’re here; is he aware of every action and reaction? I doubt it. Remember he’s extending himself over a large amount of data throughout the world, that’s even a lot to handle for him.”
Purposefully, Steve kept his focus on Wong and Strange. He didn’t want to see the dark shadows over Tony’s features. “And the twins have a similar situation?”
“I just-.” His voice returns but something hard and tight squeezes his chest. “I just don’t know what happened. How did we get out? What -.” His mouth tastes like sand. He’s so cold. “Did we destroy the Hub – did the worm do it’s job?”
“I know,” she returned but didn’t promise anything. A fresh wound hurt too much if it didn’t heal. She needed to recover before she could come back to him and be his friend. He understood it, with the logical part of his brain, but the rest, the rest felt like those stray loose ends in the core of who he was, aching and yearning for an anchor and finding none.
“Since Master Tony’s parents died, it has been my task to help him in his life. The first few years were difficult for him. He has never accepted his blindness. He won’t.” Jarvis looks disgruntled, frustrated as if he’s remembering something. Maybe at one time Jarvis tried to help Tony find his way to acknowledging his disability and moving his life forward by accepting his new normal. “For him it is a challenge, a mental challenge to overcome. He invented ways to hide it and conceal it. While I might not agree with his approach, I have pledged to always support him.”
That stopped him. Steve dropped his hand from his face and stared at her. She must be talking to some other Steve, in some other dimension. Natasha only paused for a moment and then she pursued her course of explanation. “I’m not, either. I haven’t been for decades. Neither is Thor. He – well – he hasn’t been a vampire for centuries.”
“Steve?” He searches around all the while a panic flurries through him and he tries to quell it. It’s impossible; it’s like trying to stop blizzard force winds. “Steve?” His voice sounds broken. He’s about to drop down on the bed when Steve steps into the bedroom with a bottle of wine and two glasses.
“Fine, you can stay.” He collapses back into the chair.
Steve bows his head, refusing to answer. “Tony, you have to leave now. You have to go now.” Steve sucks in a breath. “Let’s just get you out of here.”
"May I see her?" Something trembles in his voice. Is it fear or shame?
Tony waves to him and then drops onto the bed as Steve slips out of the sleeping cabin. He feels at loose ends, but he goes to one of the large overstuffed chairs and sits. It will be hours before Doctor Strange arrives. The medics are circling like vultures, but Steve convinces them that Tony needs his sleep more than their intervention just to monitor him. They loiter near the sleeping cabin but don’t enter it. Steve decides after a half hour that he’s going to have to make an excuse to stay with Tony, so they don’t barge in on him.
“Let me talk to Tony privately, first.”
“I know Stark requested you, and only you. He won’t participate in the Peace Conference unless you are assigned as his personal bodyguard.”
“What do you want me to say?” Tony said. “London, well, we made a connection. He needed my help. I did what I could.” He threw down the Kevlar he had been fiddling with for the last hour. “I’m not going to kiss and tell.”
It never does, not when the war is always so close.
“You haven’t, my friend.”
Pietro kneels next to Steve. “I can stay with him.”
Tony uses his regular cane to tap his way over to Steve. “Do you get it? I finished. Come on, I need your help with the installation.”
“What school did you go to?” Tony asks as he watches the man slowly move through the presentation suite. It has a miraculous free standing rack and a lounge area. The canopy rack over the bed is a wonder to behold with many upgrades that Tony designed himself. He hasn’t used it much. Usually he pays a drone to fill the need when his urgency strikes. Now he doesn’t need to do that anymore. Something hot and needy curls deep inside of him. To most on the Avenger this is called an urgency cabin or suite, not a presentation suite, though Tony knows he designed it for a future omega. Now he wonders if this decision was the right one. “Your school? Your training?”
There were so many things Tony wanted to ask. But how could he ask any of them? Now wasn’t the time. Yet the fear raged through Tony, and he contained it only out of sheer willpower as he took in the abuse Steve had suffered. The stains of what had happened to Steve riddled his body with scars. He caressed Steve’s bare shoulder. So many scars. Would the serum heal them? Would it have a chance? Could Steve survive?
“Just help me upstairs. I don’t think I can do this on my own,” Steve replies. The idea that Steve admits this small weakness should startle Tony, but he’s grateful for it and gets Steve out of the car. He takes on most of his own weight, yet he holds onto Tony’s hand like a lifeline.
And they both do. The sensation of Steve pumping into him, filling him up and his hand on Tony’s cock sends him into his orgasm so that he cannot even make a sound. He rides through it wanting it to last forever, knowing it won’t. When he finally comes back to himself, Steve is laying over him, petting and stroking his hair.
“Okay?” His heart races. He shouldn’t be worried or concerned. He’s had some repeat clients and bookings that lasted more than the standard hour.
In the kitchen Steve has the juices from the chicken cooking on the stovetop to make gravy. He’s made a salad and there’s rolls in the oven.
Sighing, he sits opposite her. “What?”
“After Happy finishes his security check, you want me to offer him the position and set up the meeting for Thursday?”
“Tony!” He walks into the lab. His shoulders are at ease and he has a jaunt to his step. They’d only started this thing between them. It still percolated brand new, warming and steeping. Steve nods to Bruce as he approached. “Nice to see you, Doctor Banner.”
“You heard Pepper broke up with him. The wedding is off.”
Sorry no beta on this one. My beta is very busy right now.
“If you need to get some horseshit off your boots,” Sam says with a chuckle. But he goes serious again when he says, “Schmidt wants this whole area under his control. Pierce is willing to give it to him.”
“After what he did-.”
“I’m not sure I follow, sir.”
Steve shoved his hands in his pockets. They didn’t speak, not until they were outside of Sam’s apartment. It was a second floor walk-up, but they weren’t going to go in through the front door. Steve directed them to the side where the fire escape scaled the building. He jumped and hooked his hand on the ladder to release it. They both climbed up without a problem. His foot was squishing in the too large sneakers. The bullet graze on his foot ached a bit, but not enough to cause him to limp or impeded his movements. When he knocked on the window, Sam opened the blinds and greeted him.
Thor had never been the puzzle master in the family. That title had been bestowed upon his brother, Loki, many times during their childhood. Frigga told Thor once that he looked at things in black and white not in the shades of colors that existed in the world.
In the end, they all cowed to Bruce’s words. They decided on a visiting schedule, but Sam insisted on being first to sit with Steve. Tony resented it, but it would give him time to work on the Mantra as well as figure out what the hell he wanted out of this soul pack thing. He spent days, months, hell, years hating the idea that he’d been left out but now, he skittered away.  He needed time to adjust. That’s what he told himself. He agreed, but before he left the room he asked, “Can I have a minute?”
“It’s nice that my hallucination is worried about me. At the same time, it’s not so nice that my hallucination thinks I’m arrogant,” Tony says and drops his arm over his eyes. His chest protests the movement. He doesn’t care.
“What does it mean to be us now?” Steve asked. “I’m not sure anymore.”
His heart gallops in his chest like a racehorse breaking for the finish line. Rubbing just left of the arc reactor does nothing to alleviate the burst of pain. He knows its phantom pain, but hell if it doesn’t always haunt him during the most stressful times.  The thoughts in his brain mix around like globs of jelly. Nothing sets right. He’s had several more episodes where he
Tony peers over his shoulder and then back to Steve. “It’s nice to see you again. It will be good to spend some time, catching up?”
“Come on then,” Tony says and starts up the stairs. Steve doesn’t say anything but the gratitude he feels softens more of the doubts and worries he has regarding Tony. By the time they climb up the flight of stairs, Tony grabs onto the wall and pants a few times, as if trying to catch his breath.
He doesn’t expect Tony to answer him. He climbs up and digs through the saddlebags on Tony’s horse. He has to have something, some device to shock him. His hand hits on something metal. Digging it out of the bag, he pulls it out and identifies it as some kind of battery.
“Does that mean you’re not coming to my place this weekend?” Tony lidded his eyes and then demurred.
“Dominos ready to drop,” Maria agreed.
Bruce waited a moment before he answered, “Okay. I’ll accept that, but remember, organizations have a group think mentality. You know that, you know how easily people can be manipulated to think a certain way, act a certain way, all for the good of what the organization defines as right.”
“Stark was there. He picked you up from the river, brought you to the hospital. His friend or AI or whatever called Nat.”
Steve grabs Tony’s arms holding them steady as a brace as he fucks into Tony, over and over. Letting the sensations become his wave to ride it. He bites his inner cheek, holding on, just a bit longer, just toward the tip of pain. He fucks and then says, “Baby, come for me. Come for your Captain.”
Tony hears the click of the collar remote being activated before the results are apparent. The lion howls but doesn’t stop his attack. His massive claws out, he slices at the Hunter’s belly. But the shock collar hits him hard and his misses, fumbling chin first to the ground, shaking from the pain. It’s the one moment Tony has to act, and he fires the repulsors, hitting the henchman squarely in the chest. It should have knocked him on his ass – it does, but not before he’s able to snake the whip out for one last strike.
Anger boiled over and he leapt to go after her, but Thor blocked his way. “Young Stark, leave her. She is your liege and you should respect her. You try her patience.”
“You know you make a better door than a window, Steve.” Tony waves at him to move aside.
Steve’s already nearly finished one of the sandwiches. “It’s good.” He chews around the words. “If I’m hungry I’ll have a few apples.”
Tony points to the table near the cot. There’s a small pot on it with what looks to be a thin soup. When Steve peers into the beat up tin pot, and then at Tony, he says, “You can have it.”
“I got it,” Steve says and goes to leave, but before he does he faces Bucky. “I’m sorry.”
With the shower and the full stomach, Steve fights to stay awake as they go line after line to ensure that the talk to text worked and everything is validated. Once they finish, Tony wants to immediately do the upgrade. “We’re ready.”
It becomes fairly clear as they head toward the main living rooms of the complex that Ultron depends entirely on Steve’s memories of the new compound in Upstate New York. Some of the structure of the corridors aren’t complete, signifying that Ultron’s access to his mind and memories teeters on superficial. Steve knows this part of the compound is complete; Tony ensured that the living quarters came first in the building. Ultron’s lack of knowledge might be the key to Steve’s escape.
He gathers her in his arms and slides off the stool to hold her close. She buries her face in his shoulder. Her words are muffled as she speaks.
“He would glare at me like a dad when some teenaged boy came by to pick up his daughter for the prom. I got like at least 30 pounds on him and he scared me.” Steve scoffed at his own foolishness. “I think he likes me now.”
Steve nods and then releases all of his hold on his hope to change things. He cannot. This is who he is now. This is his presentation. He will never bond again. This is all he has. So he follows the alpha’s lead. The soft touch in his hair hardens as the man grabs him by the hair and drags him over to the rack. In short order, he hangs from the rack, shivering with both pleasure and a deep abiding inner hatred for himself.
What Strange kept saying about naming and branding and picking just felt like a mush of confusion to Steve. “What? So I just pick them out?”
“Maybe he thinks he can change things. From what I understand, Steve Rogers is the eternal optimist when it comes to people. Believes in them and all,” Tony replied and couldn’t fathom why he was bothering with trying to defend that shithead that couldn’t even pick Tony to be part of his stupid soul pack. Inwardly, Tony berated himself for still trying to build up Steve Rogers and his stupid Captain America persona.
Steve tries to unburden Tony of his tie, his jacket, his clothes, but Tony stops him. He’s not getting off, not yet, not now. This is for Steve. He wants to show Steve that there’s more to him, there’s more to life, there’s someone who cares about his needs. A flash of the woman across the hall comes to his mind and he thinks – no, he knows that Steve takes care of her and the other one – Clint. For once, Tony is going to take care of Steve.
“It’ll be hard not to talk to you for a week,” Steve says.
Tony buries his face in Steve’s shoulder, lets the strength and power pour over him. The fear is prominent, but the truth of who they are, what they are – entangled throughout realities – gives them the power to survive.
This is a story I started that I really want to expand on. I thought of how it would be if Steve had been found much earlier and if Hydra had essentially taken over SHIELD, etc. Howard being part of the shady dealings. It is very dark. Here the story shows Tony 'inheriting' his father's life work. This was going to be a story of Steve's recovery and also a slow burn to Steve/Tony. Since I am stepping away from the Stony fandom I thought I would post it here for you to enjoy. It isn't beta edited or fixed - very much in draft form.
“Steve,” Tony said but kept his distance. “I don’t know what you remember and what you don’t remember. But I can see from your expression, you’re terrified.”
Silence answers him. He waits at the door, leaning against it as the pilot and co-pilot along with a flight attendant board the plane. All they have to do is hang out for the arrival of Doctor Strange. Steve hears the click of the lock, and the door opens.
“Shit,” Tony says and halts his flight as he spots the men racing back to the village, harassing the young children as they walk to school. “Shit, shit, shit.”
He hates to do it. “I mean, no. Steve, this is all fake. Right? You know that, right?”
“God, Tony!” Steve says and yanks his hand away. He’s blinking rapidly. “Don’t do that. I can’t.” His hands are pressed on his temples. “I can’t hear it. It’s everything I want. It’s like a fantasy. But I can’t have it. It’s not real. It’s a fairy tale.”
“Let’s just walk,” he replied, showing Tony to the door that led out to the wide expanse of land around the compound. They stepped from the main building, to the sweeping ramp that led to the well-manicured lawn. He silently directed Tony toward the path that led to the duck pond. Why they called it that, Steve hadn’t figured out. There were never any ducks around it.
“Please,” Steven says in a wrecked voice.
Tony waited until the door clicked shut and then went to Steve. He kneed onto the bed. “You shouldn’t have said you loved me.”
“What’s been going on here, sir.” Rumlow slurred out the last word to taint it. “Is a mission for the good of the Movement. You know the Movement. You were initiated into it when you were, what? Ten?” Rumlow snorted a little as if to dismiss Tony’s opposition to the work being performed in the hidden laboratory. “You disavow the Movement, you lose everything.”
“Like when we first entered, the construct of Clint kept having to be rebooted. It glitched a lot then. It hasn’t in a while, though some of the same dangers and challenges have been big on his list.” Steve closes his eyes. His head aches, the digital input information and how the serum enhances his senses tries his patience and his ability to stop the nausea and dizziness. Without opening his eyes, Steve comments, “Ultron has a limited repertoire.”
“And that’s why you came here? Really?” Natasha looks him in the eyes.
“For once in my life, let me do something for someone else.”
“How long did you live there?”
“Sorry, Potts, but you have to go.” Natasha wasn’t taking any protests. Pepper only nodded and clasped Tony’s shoulders.
“Yep,” Steve says. He reaches out a hand. “Help me up.”
Tony kisses him tenderly and then lifts his head. “Steve, you treated me like you were hot and bothered for my body. You couldn’t keep your hands off me. I have to tell you, that was some damn sexy times.”
“Tony has his own cruisers to mine asteroids. The crew fills us up before we depart.”
“Wow, that was vivid,” Tony said and sat up only to hold his head. “I feel a little drunk. Did we drink?”
A quick nap on the train to New York would do him good. They paid for their tickets and loaded up in the quiet car. Clint waited for Steve to pick a seat. Steve took the window seat, ready to cozy up against the side of the train car and doze for the ride. Clint scanned the compartment and when satisfied, sat down. He didn’t pull out his phone or a book or anything. He just stayed focused.
Bruce nods and goes to grab his medical bag. He stows his supplies, leaving some out on the bureau for Steve to use. Snapping his bag closed, he picks it up and exits the room again. When he passes Steve in the hallway, he says, “Tony won’t wait forever, he can’t. He doesn’t have the time. Consider that happiness, your happiness, his happiness wouldn’t hurt anyone, Sheriff, before you make your decision.”
She drops her hands and glares at him. “Cut the bullshit, Steve. You’ve fallen hard for him, and something happen that upset you and now you want out.”
Steve nods. He’d thought they would bring him to a military base and charge him. The Pentagon brings a whole new layer of complexity to the ordeal. Their location doesn’t surprise Tony and that indicates that he knew Steve’s interrogation would occur within the famous building. Steve keeps his face frozen, though the streaks of his tears have to be obvious and his nose is still stuffed up from his emotional outburst. Tony might have manipulated him into reacting, to appear weak so that he would seem more repentant to Ross than he actually is – or will ever be. Ross is a prick and Tony knows it. Steve side glances at Tony and there the faintest touch of a smile on his lips. The fact that Tony is in control and may have worked his magic on Steve should disturb him, but it doesn’t. It relaxes him, settles his furious thoughts.
“That shouldn’t be your answer,” Tony says, putting the teacup on the table and leaning forward. “How is it, if I went back to New York City, I would be welcome in the finest houses and entertained by the politico while you-.”
Natasha? Bruce? Sure, he understood Peggy – Peggy had been Steve’s girl, everyone knew the story, the heart-breaking story of Steve Rogers and Peggy Carter. How their unrequited love lived through the decades and how the ghostly shadow of Steve hovered over Peggy even through all of her successful days. Once he returned and she had lived her life, the internet went wild about how Peggy – old and infirmed – would never leave Steve. He would be haunted by her all the days of his life. It was circular, and tragic, and the internet and media loved it. They ate that shit up.
Steve clamped his other hand over Tony’s to keep it still, to trap it next to his and then he looked up and their faces were only inches apart. Tony’s breath spilled over him, smelling of coffee. Their weight together, the soul bond a pulse in the background easing them to the center point. It would take only a slight movement to touch Tony’s lips with his own. Yet to touch, to kiss, meant for Steve that he would not move over a distance of an inch, but miles and miles over a chasm filled with a churning beliefs of wrongness. He closed his eyes, and backed away. The shame heated his face. And he found that he wasn’t ashamed at the idea of it, but that he couldn’t go through with it, that his inaction hurt Tony.
"Hold him down, I need to clean out the wound, I’ve never seen a wound like this – it’s like it’s festering," the doctor says and with Natasha, they work their way into the wound along Bucky's side and his back.
Instead it called to him.
“No!” He sat next to Tony. “I just – I want you to feel comfortable, too. I don’t want you to sacrifice for me.” Was that true? “I want you to be with me.” He took in a deep breath, held it, and then released it. “Talking to T’Challa changed everything again. I feel like I’m desperately trying to catch up.”
Tony shook out his shoulders and then his arms. “I think we relax a little, get comfy, and then close our eyes.”
There’s nothing Tony can do, he’s only a step away from being a fallen angel now. “I lied to you. I lied. I’m Captain America, I was there, I let Bucky fall, I should have given up my life for him but he gave up his life for mine. Now I’m luring you into the worst transgression, condemning you to an eternity in the dark Realms.”
Steve shakes his head, but even that seems to throw him. He scratches at his face and then rubs his eyes, leaving his knuckles pressed into his eyes. “I don’t know. Nothing feels right. The clothes scratch, the food smells burnt, even the way I shake my head is wrong.”
“Don’t say anything, I’ll be sweating away considering I’m going to have to carry you on my back.”
He escapes down the ladder and goes to the meeting room. No one is assembled yet so he slips on his glasses and asks Penny where the hell everyone is.
“I worry about everything,” Bruce muttered and clenched his hands.
“He better be,” Bruce said and the itching to be there, to cradle Steve, to offer solace. Yet, those feelings originated from Tony – not from Bruce. The mixture of emotions collided in Tony’s head. He squeezed his eyes closed for a second trying to clear his brain. When he opened them again, Sam grimaced.
They maneuvered the gurney down the stretch of the corridor until they ended up outside one of the prison cells. Ross waited for the V-Corps agent stationed outside the prison cell door to key in the code and then he stepped into the dark room. Everyone except the guard outside the door followed him.
Rhodes frowns and then shuffles on his feet. “I think you better leave, Steve. It’s for the best.”
He coughs and waves to the chair in front of the desk. “Please, Steve sit. Thank you for coming in today. I know it must have been an inconvenience.”
Steve.
Steve shook his head. “No.” The word exploded every belief Steve had, because when he marched away from the house, when he started to walk maybe part of him thought it was his fears of his own perversion, but now as he denied it, something changed in him. “No, it’s not. It’s that.” He looked at the distant house, the scatterings of living life. “I’ve never lived a life. I just fought and battled and died. When I woke up, they told me the world was being invaded by aliens and I fought again. I got a tattoo on my wrist that tells me I’m part of a pack, but I didn’t consolidate it. I ignored it. I ignored it because I don’t know how to do this. I don’t know how to be that family in there.” He pointed at the house, jabbing his finger at the hot memories. “I don’t know how to be anything but Captain America anymore. I’m not Steve Rogers, he died. He died seventy years ago.” He couldn’t help the tears that stung his eyes. He wiped them away. There was no time for crying. He was a leader and nothing more.
“She’s not,” Steve says. “Tony’s with Stane.”
Bucky stayed because of Steve. If he’d gone with his family to the Inner Regions, he might have been protected from the draft. Bucky never blamed Steve. Yet, now Bucky is missing in action and there’s no one really to blame but Steve. At least if Steve had been able to join up too, they could have protected each other’s backs. Steve had been as useless then as he is now.
“Captain, you are none too happy this beautiful morning,” Tony says and gestures toward the quiet landscape before them.
Steve bites back his words. It’s apparent that Tony’s not going to reveal exactly what Steve does for him. It’s both disturbing and a relief. The two feelings battle one another and he’s not sure which comes out on top.
Tony pauses for a minute, but then ushers Steve out to the shuttle. “Anyway, like I said earlier I think it would be nice to have a quiet dinner in the observatory. I got Pierce to close it down for us. He’ll do anything for me, now. He’s shitting bricks about the station and whether it will stay independent. Obie’s right about that – it does give me some leverage. Obie’s a smart man.”
“Natasha?” Steve says and his face colors hot red. “You told Natasha?”
Steve sighs heavily. “Yeah, something like that.” He bites at his thumbnail.
JARVIS displayed the universe of stars again. “This is a construct of how I understand it.”
“How am I supposed to find this route. Tony’s been there numerous times, and he can’t just close his eyes and pop he’s there.” Bruce looked green. Not only Hulk green, but nauseous green.
“Am I allowed to see Prince Anthony’s schedule for the week? I’d like to be able to make plans to support him over the long week?”
“You’ll lose blood,” Steve replied and didn’t want to add that it was precious blood that Steve had lost but the words hit Tony without even being spoken.
“That’s a long time.”
“Not in the zone.” He taps his shoulder and Redwing flies to him, sitting on him.
Tony smirks and grabs Steve’s hand, leading him quietly past the nursery and toward their master bedroom at the end of the hall. They live in a large log cabin in the woods, but everything is updated and beautiful. Steve has a touch that makes it both homey and modern. Tony closes the door behind them and Steve kisses him with a gentle touch before Tony backs away and flops on the bed.
The lion shakes his head at Tony as if it is dismissing him. There’s a rattle and Tony spots a thick chain hanging from a heavy collar around the lion’s neck. His hallucination is securely placed. Tony doesn’t have to worry about the big cat getting loose which makes him giggle all the same. It wouldn’t do for him to freak out over the phantom lion if his doctor came back. Why is his doctor in a cave? Are they hiding? Did someone attack the hospital? Why is he even here?
“Yes, I know. Can you let me in?”
“Wh-what?”
“Bedroom? Upstairs?”
“I already knew that,” Tony said but didn’t elaborate.
Tony insisted on. Steve doesn’t see it as harmful, just problematic if the storms grow when he need to cross the river; the pack animal might have a time of it making the journey.
“Ultron invaded the interface -.”
He doesn’t listen. He falls away.
That jogged him out of his reverie. “Huh? What? Stay?”
“But he wouldn’t be yours?” Tony finishes as he scratches his beard.
Pacing in the small room he’s not sure what to do as he waits. There’s a potent excitement about it. He’s never done anything like this before. Being with Tony had been safe in a way. This is safe, but he admits there’s something darkly disturbing about it.
“Master Tony has been my charge since he was born. My wife and I have nearly raised him as our own. His parents were very busy, and we were more than happy to step into the roles.”
Somehow, Tony is by his side, saying, “I’ll get Bruce. Meet you downstairs in ten minutes.”
“I thought,” Steve says, stuttering. “I thought you were in meetings or something.”
“Tony, you need to listen to me. The danger is worse than you think,” Steven said and he glanced around as if he could pinpoint the source of the danger. His eyes glinted in the light, and there was something feral, powerful, and potent about him. “It isn’t just political.”
“This is good. This is fine,” Sam said. “I’m happy for you.” Then he stopped and read Steve like a book. “But you’re not happy for you. Oh, I get it. You think it’s wrong.”
“Nat, stop!” Steve said.
Now it’s a challenge. “We’ll see about that.” Why the hell is he fighting about this? Does he have to fight about everything? He’s so fucking stubborn. “Sorry, Nat. I appreciate it.”
“Oh I know, I know, you’ve been busy with your friend. I hear things are not going well for him and I am truly sorry about that point,” Tony says, but he never releases Steve, he keeps touching him, petting him. “I also know you’ve been busy beating yourself, allowing that guilt to grow inside.”
“Yes, from the internet. The data on soul packs. Bring it forth and regale us with your knowledge.”
“Upstairs, the big room.”
“You are weird when you’re hungry.”
“And so, my personal assistant isn’t the best?” Tony narrows his eyes and lifts his chin. He’s daring and expectant. His words goad the man for a confrontation.
“Biking.” Tony smiles like the Cheshire cat.
Now, Tony knows full well that Captain America is a contortionist since he can squeeze that whole 6’2” frame and fold it up to hide behind a small circular disc. But even he can’t break that many laws of physics.
Steve doubted this was an actual position but he didn’t much care. He knelt on the floor waiting for Tony to tell him what to do. He longed to please Tony. The hook, Tony’s knot in his mouth, how Tony cooed at him, and teased him as he fucked his mouth. The very memory descended him into a pleasurable fog, taking the agonizing pain away.
“My friend set up shop here in town when your deputy-.”
“Well, I might have puked a little last time I wore the biohazard suit. But I cleaned it up, or Vision did. He used bleach and something, I don’t know,” Tony says and taps over to help Steve latch the helmet to the suit.
Steve found himself listing to the side and Tony eased him down. Chills ran up and down Steve’s spine and raised gooseflesh. Steve bit back his fears, Tony didn’t need to know them. Tony put his warm hands on Steve. “Sleep, I’m here.”
That makes no sense to him, but he accepts it. She checks his bandages and grimaces. “You know you could have killed yourself.”
“Coffee and cookies!” Erik says and skips off to the kitchen.
Of course, Sam Wilson started his conversation the same way just about everyone did with Steve – about coming out of the ice and how it must have freaked Steve out. At that point, Steve said it was nice to meet Sam and turned to hurry away, but then Sam captured him – brought up the bed and how it didn’t feel right. Everything about that moment rang true to Steve. After nearly two years of Soul Mantra training, Steve could control his astral projection, soul from automatically bonding with just anyone he touched. It really never occurred just randomly, but he liked to get a heads up these days. As he touched Sam, a warmth spread, but it was quieted by Steve’s automatic control switch as he thought of it. It stopped any bonding, yet at the same time it told Steve that Sam would be more than a casual acquaintance. Someday he might be something more. What Steve wouldn’t know until he dropped his guard.
