“There,” he declared and Steve swallowed, nodded in agreement, and gave his next thrust more momentum.
Steve startled from where he had been dancing on that thin line between sleep and wakefulness. He was sitting in the communal kitchen, staring down at a city map of Sokovia, but his exhaustion must’ve gotten the better of him at some point. He flashed Natasha a welcoming glance and smiled softly at the tender look on her face. She’d gone to get coffee just a few minutes before, but his fatigue had drowned out time so that it felt like hours had passed since he had seen her.
Well, there was something Steve didn’t get to hear all that often. No wonder Tony looked so shaken.
me, Mr. Goody-Two-Shoes.”
“It seems, there has been an unexpected visitor,” Friday replied at once. “The whole team has assembled.”
“Where’s Dummy?” Pepper asked.
Tony scoffed and walked over to the bar, opening another bottle and relishing the fierce burning in his throat. “We both know how this will end, Detective,” he said. “You know now. There’s no going back. You know who I am, what I’ve done. I don’t imagine you’ll let me near anyone of your friends ever again. Or Peter.”
“Take it slow,” Steve warned, as Tony attacked him with both punches and kicks. Something in his gaze was feral, full of heated intensity, in need of—
you do and I—”
“I, look—We knew what you’ve done before we brought you here, and I don’t know what that says about me, but I really don’t care. You’re Steve’s friend and I…” He bit his lip, stopping himself right there, because breaking
"What are you doing up so early?" he asked Natasha by way of making small talk as he surveyed the various kitchenware on the counter. There were some pancakes left, still warm, and a mixed salad beside.
[TStark] [chat_server:46953]
He didn't know how long the doors had been standing open, and didn't bother to check as he hurried for the showers.
“Think about it like that,” Tony went on. “The only reason why I resented you so much is because you’re about the only person in the world who can hurt me this deeply.”
“I’m a genius,” Tony muttered. “Doesn’t matter if I’ve done it before, I’m capable of building a stupid tent.”
“I do,” Steve shot back. “But experience shows those are mostly thrown out the window early in the game. Adapting’s the key. You having fun?”
Yeah, this clearly wasn’t 2018 anymore.
“Was it as good as you’d imagined it?”
Tony smiled, warm and happy—and it seemed to be enough for now. He drew his lips down Steve’s body, kissing and licking every inch of flesh he came across. Eager hands turned to the fastening on Steve’s jeans, born with single-minded intent that made Steve’s heart pound faster than he thought possible.
Steve glanced in both directions of the corridor, making sure they were still alone. Then, he turned around again, gauging Tony’s expression carefully. “Look, if the… agency thing is too much right now, on top of everything else, we don’t have to go to the appointment on Friday. We can reschedule, or… take more time, generally.”
, you’re my… I’m
In all likelihood, Steve had
“What?” Natasha looked alarmed.
Steve looked down. Tony’s hands had always fascinated him, all the different things they could do. How often he used them to create, pouring out all of the thoughts built up inside him to create something new. The way they could comfort as easily as hurt.
“Uh-uh.”
“Respectfully,
Tony sighed heavily, letting himself fall down into a sitting position in front of Steve. “Believe it or not, dearest husband of mine, but that’s not making me feel much better.”
Tony smiled. “I wasn’t actually serious, Brucie. I know how these things work, I’ve been raised to dance that dance, ‘course it’s gonna be me. Hill will probably be on board, Phil, too, if he’s got the time to spare with his little agent-gang. Can’t be sure about Fury, he’ll probably disappear for a while, lick his wounds in quiet. We’ll see.”
"He's obnoxious," Steve ground out, venomous. This stuff was stronger than he'd expected.
seventeen years old for the next few months, and I’m not gonna miraculously change the day I turn eighteen, either. I can’t… I can’t stand this on and off thing anymore. I can’t have you want me, and then freak out about my age a few minutes later. That’s… I was trying to let you off the hook, for god’s sake!”
There was a long moment of quiet, and when Steve looked down, Ian’s eyes were closed, his breaths evening out.
Cooper grinned. “Why?”
Steve simply stared, searching Tony’s eyes for whatever he wanted to tell him. “What do you mean? What didn’t you know?”
"Unca!" he said.
Steve’s eyes went wide and for a very long moment, he felt asthmatic again.
Every morning, Mister Stark would be waiting for him at breakfast and more often than not, they’d spend the rest of the day together. He told Steve about his meetings at the conference, told him about his inventions, he joked with Steve, warmed him with his laughter and taught him a hundred things about life without even realizing it.
He didn’t know what he dreaded more, exactly. Saying goodbye to this version of Steve—or meeting his Steve again.
After a few back and forths, Tony wrapped both arms back around Steve’s neck, and Steve didn’t hesitate before placing his own on Tony’s hips. Steve smiled—a small, surprisingly timid quirk of his lips—as he drew Tony close to his body. He held him gently and relaxed into the dance, swaying them together in time to the melodic rhythm.
“Stupid. I was stupid. And I want you to fuck me.”
“How long have you been drunk?” Steve asked, suddenly worried.
Steve knew it before Ultron’s red eyes were fully laced with the black surface. That look on Ultron’s face—the mixture of absence and deep concentration—he knew that look intimately.
“Ha ha,” Tony replied, rolling his eyes. “Doesn’t mean he likes it.”
“Oh, no, I do remember,” Tony exclaimed. “It was… Thanos, right? The one you wore in Wakanda? God, that’s long ago. Where did you even find it?”
"Yes," Steve said, then hurriedly amended— "for the, uh, time together." He shifted his weight from one leg to the other, eyes set on Tony. "And I might be tired, but not as much as I let them think I am…" He really didn't want them to pester the two of them much more than they had to, after all.
"Unique," Steve answered, smiling at Tony's face, encased in the Iron Man helmet. "We can at least be sure we're original."
Steve chuckled at the wicked look that flashed across his face. “It doesn’t have to be perfect. Just has to be real.”
“I—” Steve heaved a breath. “Yeah, you’re right. I’m gonna—”
Maybe the last meeting
It was, it seemed, the right thing to say, as a bright smile flashed along Tony’s mouth. He pulled again, until Steve was fully settled against his chest. His legs spread to either side of Tony’s hips, the weight of his body centering between his legs. He gasped at the sudden pressure he felt there, and at the intense pleasure it wrought.
Vision smiled—the second one—and reached forward, wrapping a hand around Tony’s and keeping it there. “He still is.”
TS 7:08 P.M.>You bet your gorgeous ass on it. Just call me whenever, I’ll take the day off
“Meeting Doom before they actually have to is pretty shitty if you ask me,” Tony said.
And it sure as hell wasn’t JARVIS.
From his position on one of the small beds, Fury sat up. He watched everyone file in, took one look at Tony and rolled his eyes. “Of course it’s you,” he said and made to stand up on somewhat shaky legs.
“Some bar in Brooklyn, I don’t know which one, man,” Sam said, raising his hands defensively.
Steve turned around in Tony’s embrace, and leaned back against the counter, raising a brow. “What are you saying… that my science-genius-‘everything is numbers and formulas’-husband thinks birthday wishes come true? Since when?”
This was another thing he’d never envisioned for his first time. Them sitting like this, looking at each other in broad light. But here he was, grinding himself into Tony as he struggled to find a rhythm that seemed natural. His jerky breaths betrayed his nervousness, but when he faltered, Tony didn’t frown or roll his eyes or bring any of his worst fears to life. The look on his face remained reverent, his eyes never leaving Steve’s.
It was a horrible plan.
“Steve,” Tony gasped, loathing to pull his lips away but needing air. His head was so light it felt like it was slowly floating away into the stratosphere.
Well, and then the pollen—dust—toxic waste—whatever.
Tony looked up at him, and nodded. “You’re right, just… we gotta talk this through, eventually.”
Natasha sighed, clearly exasperated. “Aren’t you tired of letting all those chances going to waste?”
“It’s temporary, Tony…” Natasha said, “until we can get them back.”
It was freezing cold and the battle still weighed heavily on Steve’s mind. The scenes were on constant replay and he tried to figure out if anyone had gotten hurt in their short standoff. God, he hoped not. With the Hulk and the military joining the battle, things had gotten out of control so quickly. He knew that had been Tony’s plan—to give Steve an opportunity to flee, but it still had been a dangerous gambit.
Steve blinked, unsure for a second if he’d heard correctly. But he had. Instinctively, he wanted to protest, give Stane a piece of his mind, but then again… he did have a point. Steve had nothing to his name and these rooms, they were so beautiful he could hardly be ungrateful. So the only thing he could think to say was, “Right.”
jackass Steve had ever met. His words really should inspire revulsion—not exhilaration. Steve should be clenching his fists in rage, not feeling himself stiffen at Tony’s intense stare.
The man only waved dismissively. “You’re making a
that once I find some peace of mind, you come along—once again—to mess it all up. So I was angry, at myself, mostly, but I’ve been angry at you for so long that it just felt easier to stick to that, and I…” He trailed off, his eyes large and uncertain. “Could you please say something? Tell me I’m not completely crazy? ‘Cause a part of me is still expecting you to laugh at me any second.”
,” Steve choked. He leaned forward, burying his face in his own hands, and stayed like that for a long moment. “I know it’s not enough,” he said into his palms, “but… I wanted to tell you so many times. I just…” He shook his head. “I was a coward. I didn’t know how.”
“You blocked the entrance,” Steve explained, breathing harshly. From the way his head was bowed, Tony suspected he was either preparing a speech or bracing himself for a fight.
Tony’s mouth slanted across his, and there was no reservation now. Nothing, except softness and heat, and the dizzy, breathless sensation it left him with.
It was like a punch to the chest. Steve stared at Tony, unmoving. The meaning of those words was completely impossible. He didn’t know what to say—if there
“You love him,” Pepper told him with a gentle voice, kneading his tense neck for a heavenly moment.
He texted Rhodey that he’d be leaving the club in a moment, and only got about a dozen stupid party-emoticons in return.
more satisfied than he’d felt in years.
Tony blinked, releasing a trembling chuckle. “God, no…”
“I should’ve grabbed that bomb,” he said. “I’m the leader. I should’ve dealt with it. He talked about Bucky, said we were doing HYDRA a favor and I just… He got to me, and I slipped. People died, and it’s on me.”
The mission Steve had been talking about, the mission they’d apparently face tomorrow, had to be their raid on Strucker’s base in Sokovia. The one where they’d gather Loki’s scepter.
Tony knew that no amount of mutual apologizing could ever erase what had happened. The past couldn’t be touched—couldn’t be redone. But it was over now. There was nothing to gain from looking back but appreciation of what they had right now.
"Got any water?" he asked in a half amused tone as he watched Tony approaching and… Steve’s eyes once more dropped to his ragged workshop clothes, and the grease on his arms… and his chest with that round blue light fixed in it… and his neck... Tony’s neck had the sort of elegant curve that, as in artist, Steve could only call beautiful.
“I know, but I’ve never known anything that could defeat you, Steve,” Tony said slowly. “
“Yeah,” he said, stalling. “Nervous,” he added then, honestly.
Steve could see Tony’s expression tightening. “I see,” he said in acknowledgement, and not much else.
“In case today’s it?”
His heart beat a bit faster, and Steve willed himself to focus. He released a wistful sigh and turned his eyes once more to the blank sheet staring up at him.
For a blessed second, he had Steve’s taste. He let his tongue brush against Steve's lower lip, committing him to memory.
—fingers… Tony knew they’d done the right thing.
, fallen into an icy abyss right in front of his eyes. He hadn’t managed to catch him in time and all Steve could do now was stare at the scotch in front of him and curse Abraham Erskine for not telling him that his new body wouldn’t allow him to get drunk.
Tony’s jaw twitched. “There should be a door around there somewhere,” he said, pointing with the light of the Iron Man gauntlet to the far wall. “We can take the stairs down to the basement.”
“Getting close to 11:15,” Steve replied, shaking his head as if to clear it. “We… I guess I was sleepier than I… thought. And the others… well, I guess we were all tired.”
“Sure,” Tony said, his mouth forming a tight line.
They stood for a moment longer, Steve interlacing his fingers where his hands lay on the small of Tony's back, keeping him anchored. He looked at Tony, and noticed the softness of his skin, the still-wary look in his eyes. It was amazing how many little things he could see now that he was really looking. Tony looked so vulnerable. Even though he’d lost his parents recently, and had a multimillion dollar company waiting for him… he still seemed so innocent.
Natasha gave him a steely look. “Someone I trust.”
A long sigh sailed through Tony’s lips. Then he turned around and snuggled into him, dropping a kiss on his chest, right over his heart.
“But the sofa is a lot more comfortable and—”
Steve frowned. “Who?”
“Nice,” Nat said, grinning at Tony, who was now only wearing boxer-briefs and a black tank top. There were a few drops of that green slime on his arms and legs as well, Steve noticed, but otherwise, he looked mostly the same as Steve remembered him. Maybe a few more gray hairs as well.
To emphasize his words, Tony slid his hand up and down Steve’s erection, while he rubbed his own middle against his thigh. Steve pushed back involuntarily, arching against him, and felt him hardening even further. His hands slipped under Tony, pulling him up just a little as he finally dragged his briefs down.
* * *
Only to miraculously wake up again when Steve had entered.
“Never?” Steve asked.
been all over the news in those last days and his age had been a major topic.
There was a long, blank silence. Steve felt his face heat and took a deep calming breath.
"Don't get your panties in a twist, Cap," Natasha said, flippant and unperturbed as she shifted in her seat and leveled him with a smirking stare. "A little friendly teasing never killed anyone."
Tony took a moment to look at Steve before forcing his eyes away.
Steve’s hand left Tony’s cheek, rubbing his own forehead instead. “You didn’t leave me a choice.”
Something inside him broke then, his resolve to leave Los Angeles behind—to go back to Hell—crumbling to dust.
They both struggled for breath, panting into each other’s mouths. Rolling to the side so he wasn’t crushing Steve, Tony pulled him along until his entire slight frame rested on top of him. With hands that still trembled, he smoothed Steve’s hair out of his face and pressed a tender, satiated kiss against his forehead.
“One more reason he should’ve talked to me,” Steve murmured, rubbing his temples. “But yeah… I guess I know where he was coming from.”
he pleaded, though he knew this wasn’t about a higher power messing with their lives--this was just between him and Steve, and if they were meant to be, they’d get through this, too.
useful. There’s something pricking me right between my shoulder blades and it’s driving me nuts.”
* * *
“You do that,” Steve said lowly, irritation rising within him. Years ago, he wouldn’t have thought that losing JARVIS would hit him that hard, but here he was. And he didn’t want to stop his mourning because the guy that had JARVIS’ voice was having an epiphany. “We’ll meet at the—”
to disagree. Tony fucked up with Ultron, big time, we all know that, but… try seeing it from his point of view? If he genuinely thought this was his only chance at saving us—I mean, after the mess today, you do realize that Wanda Maximoff probably got to him first, right? In Sokovia? If he was so adamant on building a world peacekeeping program, then you can imagine how bad that vision must’ve been… You saw him after, the guy wasn’t in his right mind. Probably still isn’t.”
“We’re thinking about having a kid, Tony and I,” Steve said and the words simply burst out of his lips. He might not have planned to share the big secret now of all times, but the thought of coming home and seeing that dream vanish before it even started—Steve just couldn’t do it.
, but… I’d really like to know their name.”
Tony was kneeling by the stream, his undersuit rolled down to his waist, splashing his face and chest before staring down at the water. “God, I’m old,” Steve heard him murmur.
He paused, considering. "If we do get to celebrate any anniversary, let me tell you upfront that I want
All things considered, Steve felt he was handling his frustrated concern in a calm, adult-like manner. Pacing back and forth in front of the RV, sending accusing glares to the darkened sky every few seconds as though it was responsible for this mess.
ring a bell, and Steve frowned. "Died in a car accident last winter," he said, contemplative. "That was him? I didn’t know that." Another thought occurred to him then. "Shouldn't he be super rich, though? What's he doing still in school?" It was a silly question. Tony wasn't even a legal adult. He probably wouldn't be able to control any of his money anyway.
The camera eventually landed on Clint and stayed there. “Barton, Clinton Francis. Born 1971.”
“Tony…” Steve prompted with a gentle voice, but Tony needed to get it out now or he never would.
For a few weeks, Steve had to share a bed with Bucky. It was in that hazy period following the death of his mother—the death that had rendered him an orphan. In the rush of those cold, lonely days, he had shared a bed with Bucky at least a dozen times. Bucky had often shoved at him, kicked him, and hogged the blankets.
“You… you, too, Tony.
“Oh my…” Steve said, staring at Ian, who very slowly started to walk up to him. He was flailing, but regained his stance pretty quickly. A few steps in, Tony let go of his hand, and Ian just kept going. Eyes wide, he
Rhodey sighed again, but didn’t let him wait too long. “Well… she loved the thrill,” he continued. “It wasn’t just sailing—she loved everything that was exciting, everything that was dangerous. The day she died… we’re all still not sure what happened. She just disappeared. Tony didn’t tell me anything—he shut me out just as much as he did with Pepper, but two months later, Indries’ body was discovered along the coast. It was Tony who had to identify her. And…” He sighed, wringing his hands together, followed by a shrug of his shoulders. “He just wasn’t the same man afterwards. I think seeing her like that just… broke him.”
—Good, honest Steve who by all means shouldn’t want an eccentric guy like Tony, but apparently, those visions had somehow changed his mind.
“What time do you have to be in today?” Steve asked after a few minutes had ticked by. Ian was calming down, still slightly suckling but it seemed he was on the verge of falling asleep again.
No, Steve thought, he definitely still hadn’t gotten used to this. And yet… he had to admit, he sort of liked the sound of it. To be anyone’s ‘my’.
” Tony asked with a distinctively high-pitched voice. “
“Stevie, come on,” Bucky prompted and tried and failed to raise his metal arm to console him. “Tony’s a grown man, he’s like… that Coyote guy from that kid’s series Clint’s watching all the time.”
Steve pulled his helmet off, before he spoke up. “Everyone okay?”
“No strings on you, puppet,” Tony said gravely.
a minor. I’m
Steve groaned; whether at the debauched picture Tony must be making right now, or at the feeling of his body sliding up and down his length, he wasn’t sure. Likely both. “Tony…”
“And you like this arrangement we’re having?” Tony asked.
But he couldn’t sleep. Not now. He couldn’t face Tony again before all of this was over.
“I like coffee.” It was the only thing he could say. His mind was still spinning.
Taking a sip from his tumbler, Tony chuckled at his own dark thoughts and let his head fall back against the armchair. He knew it was pathetic. Sitting here in what was left of the New Avengers facility, spending days staring at old photographs and sleeping on beds full of rubble and ashes.
Tony was sure he had found the piece that matched his puzzle.
"You don't have to tell me, I know. It's not even his
Okay, he had to take a deep breath. Maybe his situation wasn’t so bad. After all, he hadn’t been to the Facility since… well, since before leaving for Peggy’s funeral in 2016. Maybe Tony had just redecorated the place—maybe the Infinity Stone had just transported him here, a few miles away from New York City?
that!”
In the last few days, he’d always awoken in Tony’s embrace. Every morning, he’d feel him against him, nude and soft with sleep. Today was no exception.
“Tony, you’re—”
Steve snorted. “Is that bad now?”
Tony logged into the virus’ network, and closed his eyes. Ultron had left a trail of breadcrumbs in Extremis’ matrix after their standoff. It had led them right back to Sokovia, and if Tony was honest, this had always been the only possible place where this would end.
Tony’s gaze flickered to the others, who looked equally unsettled. At least he didn’t seem to be the only one picking up vibes that something was off kilter. “Do we know where he was?” Tony asked.
As soon as Tony loosened his grip on him, Steve moved to carefully pull out. He didn't move away, though, enjoying the proximity they shared and the quiet that was common in those moments right after sex. But then Tony spoke, which made Steve lift his head and look at him with mild surprise.
A part of him still couldn’t believe it. But maybe his feelings clouded his judgment. That’s what love did, wasn’t it? To make one see only the good sides of a person… and not the darkest ones.
“Baby, you’re going to have to get up and do this yourself. I think we’ve established by now that I can’t carry you.”
Tony backed up a little, falling back into their usual back-and-forth.
“So you think it, too?”
Everything else didn't matter, then. Steve smiled into his eyes and Tony knew they would chase down the shadows that haunted them.
It was all that mattered.
Shrapnels.
Steve’s eyes widened. He just couldn’t stand this any longer. He
“Bucky and Sam are investigating the crime scene—I told them they have to keep it low-key as much as possible. Clean up any evidence of, well, you know, but I’m sure they’ll have some questions.”
Steve had no doubt in his mind that Tony liked him and enjoyed his company. He was attracted to Steve, too, as unfathomable as it was. But could he ever love him?
Which meant that it was safe to say and do whatever he wanted.
“That was—
At first, Steve thought he’d said something wrong. While they built the tent together, Tony kept looking at him strangely. He’d tilted his head, and the soft burn in his eyes sparked unfamiliar flames Steve didn’t know his body possessed. He guessed it must be the proximity. He hadn’t been close to Tony in what felt like ages.
"What?" Steve wasn't sure he was even following Tony's line of thought. "What are you talking about?"
belonged to him. With as twisted and dangerous as it was, it was real. And it was his.
“Mmm,” Steve hummed, and did as Tony asked. Soon after and with a soft cry and a final tensing of his internal muscles, Tony came so hard that he brought on Steve’s own orgasm before he knew what was happening.
Steve nodded. “Yes. I meant it when I said I missed you.”
Tony glanced at him, and smiled.
“You weren’t ready. Don’t worry about it.” Natasha’s eyes flickered to the ground for a moment, before they settled on Steve. “Maybe I should be there, when you decide to—”
Steve swallowed, hard. If he said yes, Tony would be going—well—where no one had been before, and Steve was a bit apprehensive about that. He didn't know what it would feel like, not really. He knew it must feel great, judging by how his previous partners, but especially Tony, reacted to being on the receiving end of it. Still, it took him a moment before he took a deep breath, braced himself mentally, and pulled back again to look Tony in the eye.
“That’s really not something you have to thank me for, my friend. Couldn’t let our savior drown after he survived the fight, now could I?” Thor asked, clapping Steve’s back and Steve was relieved to hear these kind words out of Thor’s mouth after all the anger between him and Tony and what had happened with Loki’s scepter. Thor strode towards where Natasha and Clint were sitting next to the ambulance’s rear hatch and gently petted Tony’s feet for a moment, as he walked by his cot.
It was the wrong thing to say, that much was clear. Steve’s brows furrowed, and Tony could see determination sink in quickly.
Steve sighed and walked across the ground. The chaos was everywhere, hundreds and hundreds of ambulances, fire trucks, SHIELD jets, and police cars. The press was held back at the outskirts for now, and Steve hoped they could leave before that changed. They would come back, for sure, as soon as their injured had been taken care of. They’d come back, help to clear up the area and search for victims buried under the rubble.
that. I was there when we worked on his implants, twenty-four seven, remember? Why are you all assuming that I’m mad at him?”
Bucky screamed. And the fact that he still didn’t let go, stubbornly holding the chip in his trembling hand, was just one more proof that Bucky was still in there. Somewhere.
“Promising,” the man nodded.
Tony sighed. Yeah, he knew it alright.
“I…” He cleared his throat and took a deep breath. “I lied about that. I, uh, only ever did it once, you know? And being the traditionalist that he was, he had me go through the great fun of getting fucked almost-dry and with about zero prep.” Tony was staring pointedly at his feet, but even in the darkness, Steve could see that his cheeks were tomato-red. “I don’t want to kill the mood or anything, I’m just… I wanted you to know, that… I’m not like that. Easy, I mean… I haven’t—”
“Nuh-uh, it’s Wednesday,” Tony mumbled. “It’s my turn for morning duties.”
“Well…” Tony raised his head and brushed his lips against Steve’s. “I think we could start by having a shower and wash the fight off.”
There was a lengthy pause. Tony gaped at him openly. “What?! I’m driving!”
“I’ll think about it,” Barnes conceded eventually.
Steve nodded. “We were on our way over.”
Steve bit back a flinch at Rhodey’s confirmation that he didn’t fit in here. “I just want to know what I can do to make him happy. I don’t want to upset him all the time. But it’s impossible. All I know is what a unique woman she was. And it feels like I’m losing him if Indries remains such a mystery to me. Please. Give me
ETA two? Steve closed his eyes, wanting to laugh and cry at the same time.
New Client2 (chat_server:46955) pending
"Tell me what you need…" he whispered, though he was still keeping that angle that had Tony all but melt against him. It wouldn't be long, and Steve was fine with that. With the way Tony was all but slumped against him, letting it all happen without any resistance, Steve was ready to reach his climax at any minute, and was holding it back to give Tony a chance to come like this, first.
“No,” Steve said at last, shaking his head. “It wasn’t three days. It was a little over two months. Maybe more. We stopped counting at some point.”
But Steve also thought of the way his relationship with Tony had already changed in these past years. It had taken them nearly
His eyes narrowed. “It looked as though you couldn’t decide whether to punch me, vomit on the carpet or laugh at me.”
The idea for the painting had come to Steve out of nowhere five weeks ago. One second it hadn’t been there and the next it just was. Dazed by the sudden inspiration, he’d wandered New York for hours until he found an art supply store, where he spent a worrisome amount of money on the right brushes and paints.
When he had told Pepper that he and Steve were sort of…
Wanda hummed. “He is trying,” she said and just as her words left her lips, Ultron’s body began to twitch and shake, as if he’d lost control over his own limbs. Bucky was struggling, and in the next second, Ultron’s hands lost their grip and he was falling rapidly through the cloudy sky.
Inwardly, Steve winced. “Tony, I…”
It took a few long minutes, before Steve breathed in deep, then looked up at all of them, his expression stern but non-accusatory. “From here on, I need you all to be honest with me. We’re a team, and record shows we’re a good one. I can accept that there are some things you can’t or don’t want to tell me, I’m not so naive as to expect you to share all of your secrets, but I need you to be honest about the things that matter. With the way things are changing right now, I need to be sure that we can tell each other everything.”
same motel room, down to the abstract, colourful painting on the wall.
that he can, but… Steve, what’s going on?” Natasha asked, outright frowning now. “You’re keeping something from us, aren’t you?”
A beat.
“Oh, shit,” Sam said. “That’s not happening, is it?”
And yet… there was a connection now. A link to another version of himself, a whole different time altogether. And there was
to build this. Banner’s a good man, and he’ll do good things with it. I know for sure because he has to get your approval for basically every step he takes.”
Steve only grunted something unintelligible, before he dropped his whole body down over the armrest, taking Tony down with him. He looked completely winded, slack jawed and Tony draped his arms around Steve’s upper body drunkenly, smiling at him with contentment. There still was a certain measure of glee in the knowledge that he had the power to render Captain America temporarily useless.
Steve smiled at that last admission, licking his lips appreciatively. Well, he couldn't say he didn't know the feeling, though it was a little surprising to find the eccentric, always-has-a-comeback Tony Stark was as insecure as the next guy.
Steve wanted to reach out to him, comfort him, but Zola’s voice already echoed through the room again, “HYDRA created a world so chaotic that humanity is finally ready to sacrifice its freedom to gain its security. Once the purification process is complete, HYDRA’s new world order will arise.”
Steve held up a hand. Next to him, Tony set into motion, hurrying over to Ian and gently pulling him out of Natasha’s hands and against his chest.
A very familiar scowl appeared on Steve’s forehead. “That’s not very fair, is it? I’m
Bucky shrugged, poking Steve’s leg with his own. “Ice cream is ice cream. And considering your brooding face, it was either that or Tasha’s vodka, and I know that doesn’t do it for you.”
Tony stretched his poor old limbs, then squatted down in front of his jacket that he’d carelessly thrown to the ground. After fishing out a small paper card, he turned it back and forth for a handful of times, gauging the best way to do this.
Steve whirled around and took off, hard and fast, in the other direction. He threw open the front door, raced across the hallways and through the windows between the living complexes, desperate to keep up with the colorful flash ahead of him.
“Oh, safe it will be,” Bucky answered with a cheeky grin and raised his shackled hands in means of a goodbye wave. Outside, the psychiatrist was steering him towards a dark van, and on the next beat, Bucky was out of sight.
“Hey,” Tony prompted as he sat down across from Steve. It was half an hour later, and Ian was in the park with Veronica. Sam, Pietro and Natasha were sitting right next to Steve, looking infinitely tired as they munched on their breakfast cereals. The CIA gala hadn’t gone unnoticed by anyone.
, probably. “Can we please not do this now?”
Wanda glanced over at her brother, who was looking everywhere but at Steve. He’d let Wanda make this decision for the both of them, that much was clear.
“Well,” Steve said after a moment, brushing hair out of Tony’s face. “That’s a hell of a thing, isn’t it?”
Steve had a gut feeling that once the gates would open, it’d take a long time till they’d see the sun again.
Steve stared down at the white haired boy, and he was really only that: a boy. He’d seen him on some screenshots at home, but looking down on him now, he seemed so much younger. He was lying on the floor and looking so stricken as if no one had ever actually caught him before. Which might just be the case. Grabbing the shield, Steve brought it down on his head again, sending him to the floor for good.
“No it wasn’t. But… dammit, he really was a cunning bastard sometimes.” Tony shook his head. “He knew all along?”
There was a scuffle and a hasty retreat. Only when the doors closed did Steve’s eyes drop back to Tony’s.
It was too much compact in one—too much, and not enough. Steve thought it would never end and, at the same time, that it would end too quickly.
Once more, Stark Mansion’s shadow hummed in pleasure as Steve felt his insides flush cold. He
“Oh, hello, Jim.”
There was a moment of mutual contemplation, before Steve traced one dried trail of blood on Tony’s cheek with his fingertip. “Is there anything I can do?” he asked. “Hate to see you hurting.”
Steve reached over and grabbed the beltline of Tony's pants firmly. He pulled him close and kissed him again just to stop his movements for one second. "Come on," he whispered, then turned, pulling Tony along.
How much could possibly change in four years?
Steve’s arms tightened around him, his body quivering terribly. “I never moved on. It was just about getting through another day.”
Then the next tour started. They were about eight people in total, not including the guide—some British looking guy named Harold, who sported a deep Southern accent. As they crossed the threshold to the ‘Bride’s room’, Steve’s hand darted down to grasp Tony’s and pull him forward. The side-windows were paneled with dozens of old paintings, and there was a light flickering in the large bedroom area.
To distract himself from the very prominent proof of Tony’s divine origin, Steve wrapped his arms around the man’s middle. However, once he pulled him down, he couldn’t help himself and let his hands brush against the spot where the wings sprouted from Tony’s body. As soon as he touched the skin there, Tony’s body arched up hard against him.
Steve’s hands cupped Tony face and he pushed his tongue forward just a little. Tony moaned against him and all but threw his arms around his neck. God, how he had wanted this. Relief clashed in an explosion of sensory—Tony’s mouth, weaving his fingers through his soft hair, pressing his body against the hardness that met his stomach. And he was swallowing every single one of Tony’s murmurs and moans and made them his own.
Steve blinked at him, then choked as he pressed up more firmly against Tony’s chest. “I’m not alright.”
A quiet, bitter laugh rushed over Steve’s lips. “Sometimes I think he only asked me to help out here to see if I’d jump.” He huffed. “And I did. I jumped.”
* * 4/7/18, 8:57 AM * *
Steve clenched his jaw, then threw his shield at Ultron while dodging another blast. He effectively sank it right into Ultron’s armor, causing a deep lash in his torso. “Your definition of ‘change’? I wouldn’t call it a comfort.”
Heck, he hadn’t even kissed anyone, yet.
tell me about the plan?”
Together, they walked over into their living room and sat down at the kitchen island. While Tony bounced a happy and all too-awake Ian on his knees, Steve stared balefully at a sink full of dirty dishes.
“The height is fine and you know it. Quit monitoring me,” Steve said and took two strides forward before he was airborne.
Tony snickered and met his gaze. “It’s cute that you think that would suffice.”
The days after Tony had left passed slowly, and soon enough, Steve began to dream of him. For the first night and every night thereafter, there was the same dream—not the sweet and sometimes sensual dreams of before, but a horrible vision of Indries and Tony both lying dead in the ocean.
Barnes’ eyes landed on him instantly and he frowned in confusion. “You think this is normal?”
Steve frowned, and looked down, as if the damned idiot hadn’t even realized his flesh was singed to the point where his skin had turned
Sorry for the Cliffhanger, guys. I'll update soon!
In that moment, Steve glimpsed into the eyes of his own mortality and realized his life might end any second. But right then, he was still alive. He was alive enough to remember, he still was…
Steve smiled—he couldn’t help it—and leaned down to kiss Tony once more, before slowly moving downwards, along Tony’s chest, nipping briefly at his bellybutton before his thumb slipped over Tony’s erection, teasing him with lazy circles.
“He’s… being monitored.”
The young nurse shook her head. “She just said that she wanted to speak with Mister Stark’s husband, and that it was important.”
“Speaking of the devil,” Bucky said and Steve startled a little when he heard footsteps nearing the living room.
Tony sat down on the opposite side of the table, smiling lowly. This was… strangely domestic. But Christ, it felt good. Natural. Calm. Easy. Nothing seemed rushed, like there was actually time to enjoy just being here instead of the usual need to make the most of it while he could.
“I’m okay,” Tony declared, his words muffled.
“It goes deep into my body,” Tony explained. “There’s scars, and it’s not pretty. It’s kinda one of the reasons I’m part of the Avengers.”
? He couldn’t have known that Steve liked me back then! Not with certainty!”
He tried telling himself he wasn't running away.
“No,” Tony said vehemently. “Do you really think I’d torment myself like this? The interior designs have been approved over a year ago. I never knew if I’d find you, and… Pepper—my…” He faltered briefly, frowning. “She’s my ex-personal assistant, my boss, and also kinda my ex-girlfriend, you’ll love her, and she… she had the room designed. I never had anything to do with it. I just told her she should do whatever she wanted and… fuck, I never even realized.”
“Back to bed, that’s a big…
that. Ross is using his case to make a statement, that’s true. And sure, it’s not exactly the noble way to do it, but this has been in the works even before Bucky, Steve, and we can’t ignore it just because the situation doesn’t feel right.”
Afterwards, the girl was watching him with a closed-up expression. Whatever agenda she’d had, this had not been the outcome she’d hoped for. She pulled up her pants with clipped movements, and avoided eye-contact. “Я думала, это заставит меня чувствовать себя лучше,” she said, the tone of her voice flat.
"I still can't believe you actually went through with it," Sam said, looking from Tony to Steve, then to Natasha. "What made you set them up after all?" He was plainly ignoring Tony's displeasure but wasn't too obnoxious about it.
something and Steve had no clue whatsoever what to do without hurting Tony in the process.
"No—" Steve hurried to answer, then, hesitating, he lowered his gaze to the desk in front of him. "I'll go there myself."
(See the end of the chapter for
At that, Barnes turned back around and scowled at him. “Nat said it’s easier to give up than try to argue with you.”
Tony frowned and fought the temptation to simply bang his head against the wall next to him. “Because your shoes really don’t match that blazer?”
The room was gray with overcast moonlight. One of Steve’s hands was in his hair, rubbing his sore head very gently.
(See the end of the chapter for
At that, Steve moved out of Tony’s grasp and stalked to the backdoor. He stepped out on the patio, cold wind sweeping against his face. It was a clear morning, bright and a little cold, though clouds were banking on the horizon.
“Thor said it was storm season,” Bruce added. “He was worried you wouldn’t find shelter. The planet mostly consists of—”
Tony nodded. He turned to leave again, then stopped. Steve watched as he clenched and unclenched the hand at his side, but eventually, Tony put the same hand on his shoulder, lingering for a moment.
The kiss that followed was different. At the simplest touch, Tony knew this kiss was different. Not a fleeting taste; Steve’s tongue tasted and teased, he explored every inch of Tony’s mouth, hands taking chart up his arms until he was caressing the softness of his throat and, eager fingers burrowing into his hair.
Tony snorted, shaking his head. While FRIDAY was based on the same programming that had been JARVIS’s core, it just wasn’t the same. JARVIS had… understood him. He might not have agreed with Tony’s decisions most of the time, but he’d always known what Tony needed to hear.
“Gotta have to take your word for it, because from my point of view, it’s pretty damn weird. You and I—we’re not… we’ve never… you never even looked at me twice. For God’s sake, we’re like the last two people who should ever hook up!”
“That’s—”
“Steve…” Tony reached behind his neck, wrapping his hands around his wrists, even as his mouth couldn’t help but steal sweetly soft kisses from him. He pulled his hands off, so he could look at him. “Steve, what happened? You can tell me everything.”
Vision rolled his eyes, the gesture coming almost naturally now. “I did put in some filters. For both of our sakes.”
Tony only groaned, curling in on himself.
“What?” Bucky asked, his tone askance. “I’m impressed, that’s all. After all that awkward stammering with Peggy… didn’t know you had it in you.”
Steve frowned. “What?”
“Oh, yeah. The little guy didn’t want to settle down either.”
Steve was convincing himself he wasn't moping about the whole thing as he peered into his fridge. "Pizza works?" he asked, only receiving a grunt in response. He shook his head and sighed. "Use words."
[TStark] [chat_server:46953]
“Patience is a virtue,” Steve said. “It’ll be worth it, trust me.”
Steve shifted at that, but didn’t awaken. And the feel of him moving against Tony’s body, so innocent in his intent, so completely weightless in his rest, unwound Tony from the core.
It struck Steve that Tony in bed was an experience to be had with all the senses. Tony responded to even the lightest shift in touch, squirmed and sighed, moaned at times, making Steve's resolve slowly crumble. He had two fingers inside him when Tony spoke. He contemplated the tightness around his fingers, deeming it loose enough.
“Your body is ridiculous, it’s so unfair.” He pressed his hand to the molten heat of Steve’s body; couldn’t help himself, really. He felt everything. Felt the blood rushing beneath his fingers, his strong and steady heartbeat, and the gentle wisps of Steve’s breath on his face. Steve’s chest was
Steve’s eyes had gotten impossibly large. His face had gone all tight and heavy and… sure, Tony
Tony’s jaw twitched. “Don’t thank me yet. I’ll try talking with Ross so he won’t make any urgent moves, like giving a killing order.”
“Your betrothed told me what’s at stake. This isn’t a game.”
“Go,” Tony added. “He means you should go. Now.”
Before he knew what was happening, Steve was pressed with his back against a pillar and a knife at his throat. He got a few more hits to the head that almost had him lose consciousness, but eventually, the man in front of him looked to be a second from finally driving the knife home.
God, what was he supposed to do now? He and Pepper… they hadn’t even been broken up for long. And he’d
“I know, that’s not it,” Tony murmured. He seemed to contemplate whether or not he should be saying more, and likely came to the realization that while Vision might not be the best conversation partner, he was all he had at the moment. “It’s just that I don’t know how many more times I can make him go through this. You can’t know, but this… feels like the world’s worst déjà-vu.”
There was a beat of silence. Then, with an angered groan, Tony pressed a hand to his forehead and freed himself from Steve. He walked away, obviously trying to find stability in the middle of all this confusion. After a moment of contemplation, however, he once more walked towards the bottle of whatever alcohol he had been drinking and finished off the remaining quarter in one single chug-a-lug. Then, he flung the bottle away and flopped onto Steve’s sofa. “I’m gonna get some sleep.”
“You, I don’t know, want to talk about it?” he asked, and he knew it sounded cliché, and the offer was stupid for so many reasons, because this was
“I am sure you do,” Stane said—and it sounded mocking.
Steve looked at him and held him through the aftershocks. Was the devil supposed to be so very human?, he wondered, and wrapped his arms around the shaking man on top of him. Softly, he kissed Tony’s eyelids and the crease between his brows, then felt him smile against his throat.
Tony sobered, drawing in a low breath. He shook his head. “No. Not in a year, at least,” he replied. “I used to come here to write. To draw inspiration. To…” A pause. He swallowed hard and cleared his throat. “To think of the future.”
—like he’d never wished for anything else—that he’d see Tony again. One more time. And yet, the dive into the endless ice was thoroughly dreamless. There was no Tony to caress his skin with his hands and mouth. No Tony to fill his heart with soft promises. No Tony to destroy him with his terrible knowledge.
“Just that… it’s so strange to think that I’m a father now.”
“Don’t do that,” Tony said, grimacing. “I’m going back in time. So if I fix this, you’ll never even know I was gone.”
In the depths of his mind, he often asked himself what he’d done wrong—why he’d never managed to find a place for himself. Somewhere to belong and someone to come home to. He’d long ago made his peace with the fact that not everyone was made for a steady relationship, and he was apparently part of that group, but he just…
An explosion from the exit-tunnel made the ground tremble, and all of them were knocked to one side as Vision slowly descended into the basement. The female soldier tried to climb to her feet and threw out the arm holding a knife in an almost desperate movement that cost her the battle. Only a beat later, Vision had her ankle in his hand, and threw her down on the floor with so much force that the asphalt cracked beneath her.
The rest of the team, Bruce, Wanda, Vision, Clint, Scott, Sam and Pietro were sitting around the kitchen, all with varying degrees of amusement on their faces. Even the Spiderman guy—Peter—sat on one of the chairs next to James Rhodes, grinning like it was his birthday and Christmas combined.
“As I said, your lips are blue and I can feel you shivering.” Steve shook his head, not understanding why Tony would fight him on this. “We’ve been wet for hours. You could sink into hypothermic shock.” His hands stroked up and down Tony’s sides, and the last of Tony’s protests suffocated under the weight of Steve’s serious gaze.
Sometime close to late afternoon, the door to the workshop creaked open and the scent of coffee drifted in the air. Tony found himself jarred out of whatever perpetual reverie he’d been in. He turned to the door and was greeted with Bruce’s warm, sympathetic smile, feeling immediately grateful for the distraction.
“Sure, you—” He couldn’t talk anymore, because the next second, his lips were covered with Tony’s. As Steve closed his eyes and opened his mouth to deepen the kiss, he forgot all of the reasons why he’d ever believed this wasn’t exactly what he wanted. Steve’s hands wandered up to tangle in his hair, to stroke his face. Finally, he broke off and rested his forehead against Tony’s.
For the fraction of a second, Steve was sure they’d win this and end the fight for good. That together, they could kill Ultron before he could wreak any real damage. But Ultron seemed to understand how bad his situation was, and fired up his boot thrusters. Bucky noticed in time, taking hold on Ultron’s torso to keep him down, and instead spiraled in the air with him.
“All right,” Steve called out, drawing everyone’s attention to him. “Hawkeye and I are gonna sweep the deck and find Batroc. Widow, you’ll kill the engines and wait for instructions. Rumlow, you and your team sweep aft, find Sitwell and the hostages in the galley. Get them to life pods. Let’s get them out.”
“Off the chart,” Tony deadpanned, his gaze fixed on some spot in the sky.
“Boss,” Friday called, her voice too soft for her programming. With each day, she became a bit more like Jarvis, and Tony wondered what that said about him—that his AIs were able to show more compassion than he ever had.
He’d never cared, because he’d never known what it meant to care—to actually
Tony frowned. “Uh, no…”
“I’m sorry we won’t make it to your coordinates,” Steve said, grabbing Tony’s hands.
Next to him, Bruce was semi-aggressively typing away on the notebook in front of him. Tony didn’t have to look, exactly; he knew via Extremis that he wasn’t having any luck with hijacking the source code. Apparently, he’d been trying to find a loophole in Project Insight’s algorithm for hours now, and Tony himself had been running a tracer since Camp Lehigh… In the end, though, Tony simply had to admit that Zola had done an impressive job, spending decades on decades to make the whole thing practically impenetrable.
Then again, maybe it didn’t have to be. Maybe he just needed to make an effort to get to know the person JARVIS had become. After all, the thing between him and Steve had seemed impossible at first, too. And now here they were.
Steve glanced at him, his shoulders sagging. “Not sure how Tony can stand them.”
Steve slumped back in his chair. “What do you think will happen when he wakes up?”
Even so, it surprised him when he lifted his hand and looked down at his watch. He very rarely slept past seven, and now it was almost eleven a.m. He glanced back at the RV, and noticed the closed curtains. Well, that provided all the evidence he needed. The others had been sleeping in as well.
birthdays, especially his own, the least he could do was to make sure the evening turned out exactly as Steve had planned it. So he closed his eyes and made a wish, however stupid the whole concept was.
“Thank you,” he said, sighing softly when Tony moved even closer, holding him tight.
“No,” Tony said. “You
“Shall we play a game?” Tony intoned gravely, before green lines of text scrolled dizzyingly fast across the black screens of the computers, making the room flicker as though they were underwater.
There was a beat, and then Tony smiled and kissed back as if his whole life depended on it.
“He never would’ve seen daylight again,” Steve shot back loudly. “With the act set in place, they would’ve thrown him into some cell and let him rot there! That’s worse than death, for something that was out of his control from the start! You
“What?” Bucky stared at him in disbelief. “That can’t be true.”
Of course, Captain America would go down with a last, ultimate heroic act. Saving the man who’d sent him into exile, no less—saving him with his own life.
“Yeah?” he asked, hand on the doorknob.
“Well, that was fun,” Clint said as he looked around the debris and rubble, the broken buildings and fallen trees that had once been Sokovia. “We should do this… never again.”
“And a shower and new clothes couldn’t hurt,” added Clint. He motioned to Barnes’ torn and filthy pants, to the grime and blood that still streaked his arm and face.
J.A.R.V.I.S. (chat_server:46954) is offline
It was a strange sensation, being so happy with someone who had all but ripped him in two, someone he had fought just months before.
. Because I needed you through all of the mess that was the war. You were the only thing that kept me sane. I think I dreamt of you because I needed you to survive all of that.”
-here, obviously. This isn’t exactly cozy, and we could still sort-of-die down here, but... I’m just not sure we would be here if it hadn’t been for Natasha and her little bar-setup, I tend to be blind towards things that might be good for me, and I’m just… glad we got that chance.”
After the doctor cleared Tony for their flight home, they all left for the Quinjet without saying much more, and Steve went over to hover unobtrusively near Tony’s still form. It wasn’t that he didn’t trust the local doctors, but with the arc reactor, he’d really only calm down as soon as their medical experts at home had taken a look at him. He handed the keys to the Quinjet over to Clint, not really wanting to pilot without Tony at his side.
TS 2:00 P.M.>Thx
ass.”
Tony nodded, relishing Steve’s touch for a moment longer, before bracing himself. “Alright. Here goes nothing,” he said and took a step towards the door. It opened automatically, and of course, all eyes settled on them immediately.
They were sitting in a café near the church, having a last coffee together with the team, before Bucky would leave for New York, and the rest of them would travel to Vienna.
“Care to tell me why you didn’t mention this before?” Fury asked Stane.
Steve cast her a lazy smile. “As good as it can get in ten something minutes.”
* * *
Entering the ship via the Helicopter landing pad was easy enough. He had the distinct feeling that his presence rang on the side of unwelcome, but that had never kept him from going in head-first into such situations. He looked around the premise for a moment. The lower level of the Lemurian Star stretched for a good half mile and there was no way to look around without blowing his cover.
“Oh, come on,” Pepper prompted on a long-suffering sigh. “Or didn’t you want Steve to see it?”
. But we’re here now, and I love you so much it’s almost too much to handle. I can’t promise you that you can come back home in a day, or a week, or even another month. But I promise you I will still be here when it happens.”
know if this was safe and that was—
* * *
Holding Tony close, Steve perched his chin on top of his head and nodded his agreement to what Tony had to say. He definitely wasn't going to wait this long to get intimate with Tony again, either. He wasn't even sure he wanted Tony to leave tonight, which at this point, he suspected might be Tony's intention.
Steve smiled. “As I said… I really wanted this.”
“Even so,” Natasha said, “we have a lead, which is more than I can say for where we stood a few hours ago.” She sighed. “Tony, you know Steve better than anyone. He’s onto something, and we’re too busy with the Accords to see it. Whatever it is, we have to help him.”
* * *
“Wait.” Tony wiggled out from under him and reached for his duffle bag, pulling something out. Steve’s eyes widened, when he realized it was a bottle of lube and a pack of condoms.
Tony gasped. “Steve…”
“That’s nice,” Bruce said to Tony as he stepped out of the elevator. He was looking at their teammates, too, a small smile on his face. “Strange, but nice.”
“Steve,” Tony said, putting both hands on Steve’s face to keep eye contact when Steve was about to drop his gaze. “You wouldn’t let me do this. You wouldn’t let me become this… monster. I know you. You’re a good man at heart, the best man I’ve ever known. If you had to, you’d do the right thing. Wanda Maximoff doesn’t know you one bit. She’s messing with all of us.” He tried for a smile, which Steve returned, however fleeting it was.
At Tony’s side, people looked at him differently. They asked for his opinion, they wanted to please him. There were no duties anymore. There was nothing but safety and a thousand new experiences each day. And Tony—
“Aw, come on,” Sam whined. “That’s not a picture I needed in my head.”
“Oh,” Steve inhaled sharply. “Dummy!”
All available meteorological skills in Tony came together to predict the time the wind would take to blow away the clouds. A vain consolation—the predicted said cloudiness for Hopkinsville for 21st August was 18%. The clouds would clear off. They had to.
Tony chuckled. He had been so enamored with Steve. How it had taken them another half year to get together was beyond him now. “I have my priorities straight.”
shitty.”
Next to him, Tony inhaled audibly, sniffing the air. It was decidedly chilly, and after the storm—utterly, utterly clean.
“Yeah.”
At one point, Tony couldn’t take the constant chatter anymore, and told the girl—in not so nice terms—that there wouldn’t be any action tonight. He hadn’t really been into it from the start, and now that Steve was in his line of sight all the time, sitting at the bar, hunched above the glass in his hand, Tony had lost all interest in partying tonight.
It was
“Do you
“Get in me,” Tony breathed, thrusting his erection down against Steve’s desperately. “I need—”
Tony shot his repulsors at random, really, charging right into the fray.
He drew a shuddering breath and said slowly, “No… just, how’s Nat?”
His eyes lingered on Tony’s chest. He never thought he would be partial to a man’s chest, but he was. Suddenly, Tony’s chest was the most sexy thing he’d ever seen.
“Look,” he began cautiously and frowned up into the air. Maybe he was imagining things, but it seemed as if the color was already draining from the world. “If you don’t want to be with me, you could’ve just said so. If you just wanted no strings attached… that’s…” He frowned, suddenly realizing how deeply not okay he was with all of this. “You know what, no. You really should’ve told me so before, because I kinda got the impression you actually liked me and not just wanted me for a one-night-stand, so I wouldn’t say it’s
He barely refrained from rolling his eyes. “About us,” he clarified. “About our future.”
What was there to say about Tony except that he was amazing?
“Tony, I…” Steve trembled hard, his enhanced cells compounding closer and closer to the ambiguous edge of something he’d never felt before. Not like this. Shapes blurred around him before his eyes were blinded by white, his nerves quivering and ecstasy. “
years old, and I—” He heaved a big breath. “I’m a broken man who lived too hard and loved too little and here I sit, and if my mind isn’t playing tricks on me, Captain America might have a bit of a thing for me anyway. So obviously—stranger things do happen, and, in comparison, going camping with you… doesn’t sound so strange at all.”
“Fine, if you want—” Tony stopped himself, paused, then glared at Steve. “You’re messing with me.”
? You think I’m, what, a homophobe? Fuck, Tones, what the hell?”
“That’s the spirit,” he said, clasping Tony’s shoulder. Together, they made their way over to the group. The girl was actually really pretty and… in her late twenties, Tony figured, trying not to think too much about why it was so goddamn easy to hook up with people he didn’t want, while he couldn’t even kiss the one he
“And here I thought you liked me always.” Oh hell, Steve hadn’t meant to sound as seductive as he did right then. Tony must have been just as stunned by it, because he didn’t say a word for a very long time.
"That's not the only thing he's patting," Steve heard Bucky saying, and he kicked him under the table, making his old friend laugh.
“Me, too…” Tony whispered. “You were the only thing that kept me going, too.”
“What made you figure it out?” he asked.
Tony held his gaze a moment longer, before he leaned sideways. “Hold that thought,” Tony said. Steve let himself fall on his back as he looked after him. He rummaged through something in his drawer, and then held up a small bottle and a little plastic package.
“You mean you hacked their servers,” Steve corrected.
Just as Tony wanted to open his mouth, Steve stood up. “No,” he said. “We’ll get to Hopkinsville.”
Taking the bottle of lube in hand—and Steve very adamantly ignored the fact that it was almost empty—Steve coated two of his own fingers, then let them travel around Tony’s hips.
With that, he exited the car, bracing himself. There was light in the foyer. If his information was correct, they’d all just returned from a mission half an hour ago.
Tony was so insistent, so single minded when he talked to Steve that it was making him impatient. He kept his eyes level with Tony. "I'm counting to three," he said, lifting one hand—the one under Tony's knees—to knock on the first door. "One."
“It’s dumb,” Tony whispered, staring up into Steve’s blue eyes. “It’s so fucking dumb.”
Tony’s cheeks reddened as he turned around, as if he couldn’t stand Steve’s stare one second longer. “Funny.”
“I’m glad you came,” Tony answered.
“Oh my…” Steve breathed, regarding the bomb strapped to Rumlow’s vest.
Steve hummed then walked over to Tony. His eyes moved over Tony’s chest, obviously pleased. “You healed fast.”
“Back up a little,” Steve warned them. “He needs a little breathing space. Just give him a minute, will you? We haven’t been around other people for a while.”
all that, and he tried to move on now. Couldn’t Steve tell that this wouldn’t exactly be helpful?
to be him. He had a hat on his bald head, and tinted glasses on his nose. With one of those photostatic nano masks on, he looked too different for others to recognize him as the former SHIELD director, but the voice, and he whole stature was still very much the same.
Bucky sighed. “I can’t remember—”
. All I ever wanted was for you to be happy.”
The girl (she had introduced herself as Natalia Romanova) gave him a pointed look before she moved to stalk forward, closing in on their targets. They finished almost in tandem, like they’d done this a Hundred times before, pushing their knives into their target’s throats, rotating them once, before stalking forward.
Tony swallowed, and only managed to shake himself out of his stupor when Ian reached for him with two chubby hands. He wished he could rely on a mindset like that, on such a fierce trust. But without Steve… he just didn’t see the end of the damn desert.
‘huge’
“For not being at your side. I’d really looked forward to enjoying the evening with you.”
“Sorry,” Steve said, making a fist to lessen the coldness of his fingers a little. When he didn’t find anything, he rolled the top further down, baring Tony’s shoulder along the way.
And then, of course, the Accords. The Breaking Point. He had hurt Tony, he saw how much only now. And even then, in Siberia, Tony had still wanted to help.
“Joke, Steve,” he said, chuckling as he leaned up to kiss him again. “Just joking. Can’t wait to have you inside me.”
“But it’s our trip, right?” Tony mumbled into Rhodey’s neck. “First and foremost?”
Tony looked at him. “No kidding?”
Steve swallowed hard and nodded.
He swallowed down anything more he had to say and strode towards the nearest exit, needing to be somewhere quiet and far away from Tony
At least he would die at Steve’s side, together, like it was meant to be. He’d made his choice, long before Strange had given Thanos the Time Stone, and with it came peace. Peace, sorrow, and everything in between.
“If you aren’t careful, you’ll have to give all of them autographs,” Natasha told him, leaning a bit closer.
Steve’s body quivered with alarmed arousal as his mind clinked out. His hands blindly sought Tony’s wrists, trying to make him slow down.
They were finally pressed tight together, partially due to Tony's last move, which made Steve hitch a breath. The tight heat around him was maddening, and Steve had to admit that he did want to move faster, but that could wait. He wanted this to be the best experience he could make it for Tony.
“Steve.” Tony held up one hand. “What is it?”
* * *
“I don’t,” she replied. “But I didn’t mean for you to find out like that. I thought I was protecting you. I only saw all that James had put me through and I didn’t want your life to become like that.”
They fell silent for a long moment, and Tony saw Rhodey opening his mouth a couple of times, obviously not knowing how to say whatever he wanted to say.
Okay, maybe he wanted Steve to at least give him some sort of a hint on where they were going with this, because…
“I like the way you think, Rogers,” Tony said, grinning broadly, as soon as he realized what Steve had in mind. He was all but towering over him now, complete in boots and uniform and,
It was true. His nights had thrived on the promise of Tony’s every touch, every kiss, and he’d lost himself without realizing the battle was over.
—Code—
“Speaking of secrets,” Steve said, his voice suddenly subdued. And there was that strained smile again. “There… there was something I meant to talk to you about. Just never feels the right time.”
. He’d thought ignoring all of this wouldn’t be a problem. He
Steve stood up and raced towards Nat and the cradle. The Quinjet was hovering just above ground and Steve saw the red magic waves floating all around them, making it much easier to carry it inside.
“He fell,” he explained brokenly. “He fell and I couldn’t catch him.”
“So, my shield…” Steve prompted.
He trailed off, but Tony heard his words loud and clear:
Steve cringed, but didn't break eye-contact. “I knew he wouldn't, I... I
“No, but I’ll reconsider my future visits.”
Tony’s eyes were closed. His brow was pressed to Steve’s. He dipped his hand inward to caress his sac, his fingertips soft and exploratory.
. I love you. We’ll find a way.”
Tony nodded and took a deep breath. “Okay, then. Let’s get it over with.”
“I wish I could dance with you,” Tony murmured close to his neck.
“There was a signal,” Fury went on, staring at the SHIELD label on the USB stick. “You might want to affirm the location, but that’s where we need to start looking.”
“You’ll find a way,” Steve said, and Tony sighed as he folded his hand around the paper card. He stood up again, and walked back to Steve. Then, he sat down next to him, and handed it over.
All in all, everything worked as they had planned should the Avengers be involved in yet another international emergency. And yet, Tony often felt like he was in an old and clichéd western movie. The good guys were surrounded by bad guys, and the bad guys were in turn surrounded by angered Indians.
, he kept thinking on repeat. And it wasn’t some multiverse versions of them, some counterpart who’d taken a completely different path in life… no. This was the same Tony Stark he’d met in 2012, the same Tony he’d argued with over Ultron, and Sokovia and multiple times in between. It was the same Tony he’d fought in Siberia, the same Tony he hadn’t talked to in two years.
“Welcome back, Sleeping Beauty,” he whispered, relief taking hold of his features. He gauged Steve’s expression as he raised his hand to cup Steve’s cheek. A huge part of him wanted to lean in, so he wouldn’t have to crush the fragile hope on Tony’s face, but the vision was still too vivid, too close to his heart, and he needed some space right now, or he’d go insane.
Mister Stark was a busy man; Steve learned that quickly. He spent a lot of time on the phone or writing letters, and people were constantly trying to engage him in conversation. They wanted his opinion on some new design, or a business idea, or simply tried to get him to invest his money in a project.
He found Steve lying on a big bed in the next room and he looked even more broken than Tony had expected. Not so much physically, but… he lay curled into himself, looking so small, one hand resting on his bare stomach. A rumpled sheet was tangled around his naked legs, covering him from the waist down. Tony stood transfixed, taking in the inherent beauty of the man before him. Slowly, he shrugged out of his jacket and hung it over a chair.
“Of course it is,” Rhodey agreed. And then—because the guy was secretly still a major nerd, he linked his own pinky finger around Tony’s and said, “This is our big moment.”
‘Did you know’, his eyes all but screamed, and Tony shook his head ever-so-lightly, before dropping his gaze on his hands once more.
Tony’s breath left him in a whoosh. Steve held perfectly still, Tony doing the same.
With a deep breath, Steve eyed the workshop door, shifting his weight on his feet as he considered his options. He had a plate with sandwiches in one hand and two bottles of beer in the other. Well, he already made it this far, right?
"Déjà vu," Tony exclaimed in mock-outrage, pointing a finger to the middle of Steve's uniform, right where the star was embroidered into the top layer. "Why am I always the naked one? You're the guy with the human-perfection situation going on—you should be the one stripping."
“I’m sorry, Steve,” Tony said, as he reached for Steve’s hand. “I was… I’m sorry I didn’t say much of anything when you asked me to meet you, I…” He took a deep breath. “Trust me, it was the truth when I said there’s literally nothing I’d like to do more than meet you in person.”
“Alright,” Steve said after a moment, reaching a decision. Natasha was right, if he didn’t try to find Tony, he’d never get over it. “Ask Stark if he can be of help.”
There was Steve, standing in the middle of his bedroom. He was still in his uniform, meaning he hadn’t even been to his own room yet.
TS 3:08 A.M.>Were u touching yourself?
“You can fly to Latveria,” Steve suggested. “I’ll take the flight back.”
When Steve looked up again, Tony was slowly walking down the stairs. He looked terribly lost when he saw all of the others in their respective groups, with seemingly no place where he was welcome right now. Though Steve genuinely had no idea what to say to him, he was unable to bear it and was just about to call Tony over to the dinner table, when Clint’s son Cooper beat him to it.
Bucky squared his shoulders, obviously bracing himself for the worst. “What?”
“I’m gonna turn around without warning if you do.”
Steve sat up with a slight wince, staring down at their linked hands for a long lost moment. There was a long, heavy pause… and it took Steve a whole minute before he could reestablish eye contact. When he opened his mouth, Tony already knew what he was going to ask. “Did you…” He bit his lower lip, and his eyes were so terribly glassy that Tony almost lost his bearings. “I mean, is he…”
“You don’t have to do that,” Bucky said, shaking his head. A part of him had been sure that Tony wouldn’t go through with repairing the arm, not after everything. That he’d throw the remains of it in the trash and never look at it again. But deep inside he’d known that the guy wouldn’t be able to help himself, in the end.
Because Steve was… he was
When he stood a few feet away from Tony, his gaze shifted from his face down to his hands. There were a few bruises on his knuckles that had Steve suck in a sharp breath.
“Hi,” Steve said as he approached him a bit warily.
“I won’t keep this from him,” Tony snarled, slamming a hand on the table. “And neither will you.”
A new dream, sure. And 3000 miles between them.
“…cheated on me?” Tony finished, unbothered. “Sure. All the time. Her lovers wrote her letters she sometimes read to me out loud. And they visited her regularly. She even wanted me to catch her, invited them to our bedroom. Later on, she preferred to take them to the boathouse. The only place she wouldn’t bother me was the workshop.”
“At least he can give me a fist bump now, can’t you, DUM-E?” Tony prompted, raising his hand. It took a second, but then the claw closed, rearranged its angle, then lowered until it had reached the height of Tony’s outstretched hand. Cautiously, it came closer, then moved forward until it gently touched Tony’s knuckles.
And it made him wonder… What would Tony—back in 2018—think if he found out about them? About their marriage? He’d be just as shocked as Steve had been, sure, but apart from that… Steve had no idea whatsoever how Tony would react.
“Don’t have to try anymore,” Bucky said adamantly, as he heaved himself to his feet.
Steve looked skyward and counted to ten, took a deep breath, exhaled. Then, he leaned forward and enunciated clearly: “You know what? I completely forgot what a pain in the ass you can be.”
Tony nodded. “Exactly. I admit I should’ve paid you a visit after my team found you, introduce you to this world myself, but I didn’t want to mess up your first weeks here. I’m not the man you met in your dreams. I didn’t want to guilt-trip you into something that’d make you uncomfortable.”
Barnes heaved another brutal swing, but Steve caught this one in midair and used the leverage to deliver a kick to Barnes’ lower back. For a moment, it looked like Steve might get him down on the ground, but then, Barnes leaped upward and smashed his boot against Steve’s face, knocking him to the ground for good.
She made a choked up sound, as she stared up at Steve in horror. “He’s uploading himself into the body.”
“I wasn’t gonna,” he explained, and somehow, he deeply didn’t care if she believed him or not. What did it matter now anyway?
Steve dodged Tony’s second attempt at kissing him and sternly met his eyes. "We can't do this, Tony.
Bucky snorted, his expression wonderfully carefree. “Didn’t you say that was what Thor’s mead is for?”
“No, I’m…” Bucky sighed. “I’m not sure. The guy, he… he talked about a bombing. What happened?”
Steve’s eyes trailed down Tony’s body until focusing on his middle. His cock was flushed red and leaking. “You’re so beautiful,” he managed to say. Leaning down, he kissed Tony’s throat. His hands traveled from his chest to his arms, and further up until Tony’s fingers laced with his own.
what it was Tony was trying to do.
Rhodey huffed in disdain—because Rhodey was awesome. “He’ll come here, he’ll rant at you, and he’ll leave again. It’s a giant fuck up, but it’ll pass.”
He cupped him then, eyes set on Tony's face, chasing any type of reaction he might get. He didn't want to be the only one to enjoy a good orgasm, but a lot of what came next depended on what Tony wanted. "Need anything?" he asked, leaning in for another kiss.
Steve shook his head. “Shelter’s for you. It’s okay. I’ll sleep a bit in the morning.”
They were worth
“Are you saying no?”
For once, he knew exactly where to find him.
No reason to lie to anyone.
,” Tony shouted in about the same voice he did when he had an amazing idea and was a second from rushing down to the workshop. “He said something, right?”
It was true. Sam’s voice was still raspy, and the bruises on his throat looked bad. And yet, he would push through.
“Let him go,” he told Wanda. If Rumlow had to kill himself, he couldn’t do it in here.
Steve took a deep breath as he glanced at Tony. “There’s one thing. I… I was wondering about the workshop Mister Stane mentioned to me…”
Also: A big thank you to morphia for sharing her ideas with me. That helped a ton.
It was almost like the green face in front of him was smiling then. “Cut off one head, two more shall take its place.” The face contorted into Hydra’s symbol.
It was midnight, or close to it, and every inch of Steve’s skin was alive. Tingling.
Steve found the torn confusion in Tony’s voice oddly comforting.
He set both hands on Tony's hips and pressed forward in smooth, slow thrusts, meeting Tony every time he moved back. Soon, he was in to the hilt, engulfed in heat and wetness and pure perfection. "Christ, you’re hot," he murmured, nipping at Tony's neck as he pressed tightly against his body, not yet ready to start pulling out again. "So hot…"
Tony's solid weight on his thighs, his clean scent and warmth, his strong hands… Steve’s eyes followed those fingers, trying to imagine what it would feel like to have them inside. He didn't even dare glance at Tony's dick, for fear it would render him too nervous to continue.
But now… he had Steve, Tony thought with something very close to wonder. He’d have him at his side, every morning. And if Steve let him, he’d wake up to that smile for as long as he could.
Whatever decision he was approaching vanished on the breath of a hoarse cry, as two red metal hands clutched Bucky around his throat, choking him. At first, Steve didn’t even understand what was happening. And then, his eyes clashed with Iron Man’s.
The thought that he could have lost this was made ridiculous in a matter of easy seconds. So many months—years—burying himself in denial. They had lost so much time.
Tony hummed and ran a hand down Steve’s arm. “Are you still nervous?”
God, he was young. He had forgotten how carefree Steve had once been.
their voices echoed mockingly over and over again.
Steve sighed and cast him a contemplating look. “I also know about Obadiah.” His face became sympathetic. “About… you know.”
Oh. Right. Tony was definitely out of the woods now. Steve grit his teeth a little and pulled back, getting to his feet in the process. "
“Yes?” Steve asked cautiously.
Thor gave him an amused smile. “We are not always shown what we expect most to see.”
Natasha rolled her eyes, but nodded. “Fire away.”
“Uh,” Tony exhaled, a half-confused, half-aroused sound, even as he arched into him, his arms wrapping around Steve’s neck. “I
Steve pulled back and smiled. “Sorry.”
“Don’t worry about me,” Tony told him. “I’ll see you later?”
Steve sighed, nodded. “I’ll come back soon.” With that, he sat up and moved for Tony’s mouth, kissing him with such fervor that there was no way to mistake his intent. “Thank you,” Steve mumbled, before he made to stand up.
“Impossible,” Strange gasped, disbelieving. He was doing something with his hands, green lights flickering along his fingers, and his eyes widened.
, Tony,” Natasha said, shaking her head in amusement.
“No,” Tony interrupted. He sighed and wiped his eyes. “I appreciate the thought, Rhodey, but… I will never let them get their hands on Steve. Not until the Accords are in place and he’ll be judged by standards that actually mean something for our line of work. Because they can twist and turn this as they want, but they didn’t leave him any options… and neither did I.”
“Hip, hip hurrah.” A smirk tugged the corners of Steve’s mouth as his eyes found Tony’s face. “Peter told me to say hi.”
After putting his office in order, Steve went to the main auditorium for the day's first class. As always, he'd gotten a full class to teach. History of Arts was not an easy subject, and some faces were familiar.
“Do you remember,” Tony said, and there were so many bruises grazing his face that he could only glimpse at Bucky through one eye, “how… how it
This wasn’t about the Accords. Not anymore.
For a second Tony actually thought about jumping off of the balcony and, dammit, how could this
“What’s that?”
He shook his head. “Not now.”
Tony's hand was running along his back. Steve was contemplating why his first instinct was to tell Tony to stop. It felt nice, a warmth that was tentative but not intrusive. He was surprised at Tony's bold suggestion, and was slightly amused at the quick backtracking. Did Tony even know what he was asking for when he kept trying to convince Steve this would be a good idea?
After another half hour, Tony stirred. Eyes open the barest fraction, Steve watched him through his lashes, wondering whether he would be angry and upset when he realized where he was, and more importantly: who he was with.
He hadn’t seen him for—what, three whole days? And tomorrow, they were supposed to go to that agency, and they hadn’t even talked about it once.
Apparently, he had been even more immersed in his own thoughts than he’d realized—so much, in fact, that he hadn’t
He stood in the shadows of a birch tree, and watched as the woman got into the scientist’s oldtimer Mustang. She was laughing, and excused herself politely for being late.
“You’re not arrogant,” Steve whispered. “You wanted to do good. The Maximoff girl played you, sure, the vision forcing you into action. And maybe it blindsided you into taking risks you wouldn’t have on a normal day, but your intentions were undeniably good. I see that now.”
Oh God.
“Not funny, Tony.”
“If we all make it through it this time around, I won’t mind.”
“I... uh...”
he replied in his mind—in the only way he could—trying to lift his hands and straining against the shackles around his wrists for a moment, before slumping back down on the cot. He never saw where the shackles had come from, they had to be somewhere in the bedframe, and every time Stark entered the room, he was restrained.
He was standing in a foreign motel room, and it felt real. It felt so real that he was having an increasingly harder time convincing himself that his body was actually lying on a cot in a now-icy cold Italy. That he was wrapped in thick blankets, sleeping in a small tent with Bucky and his other team members. He knew that, but it didn’t make the motel room feel any less real.
Clint was staring at the road ahead, his hands positioned at ten and two, no expression at all on his face. His fingers flexed, and eventually, his right hand dropped from the wheel to Natasha’s shoulder, kneading the skin there. “It’s okay, 'Tasha.”
Alas.
Tony made no move to disguise the breath that lodged in his throat. “And you believe in him anyway, sweetheart. You can’t fool me, you know? You’ll try again, and at some point, he’ll recognize you, I’m sure of it.”
Tony inhaled lowly, burying his head into his pillows and slowly rotating the shield that was now lying next to him on the bed. “Since when did you get so insightful?”
Tony blinked. “What?”
He reached for the remote control and motioned for his companions that it was time to leave. “So, there are contingencies. Three days from now, the UN meets in Vienna to ratify the Accords.”
“What about you?” Steve asked. “I haven’t seen you all evening. You haven’t been courting the ladies in some dark recess, have you?” He said it lightly enough, but there was a trace of jealousy in his tone as well.
Tony looked up at him with his big brown eyes that had Steve’s heart skip a beat every time he stared into them directly, and a tiny smile rose to his lips. “That’s something only you would say,” he said, huffing softly, before he leaned in and slowly kissed Steve back.
“I can imagine.” Pepper sighed, and her big green eyes suddenly became plaintive, looking at him. “Does he even know what you’re doing here? I’ve seen your schedule. You must be exhausted.”
Tony sighed and put a hand on Steve’s shoulder. “You and I… we don’t have that kind of relationship. The kind where we say things just to make each other feel better. We’re honest, even if it hurts. And you’re not okay.”
Well. Those were all words Steve really wouldn’t like.
“Getting in your
After a still beat, Steve nodded slowly, overwrought with feelings.
Tony smiled slightly, as he glanced at him. “You’re aware my dad handles these things, right? So he just—”
When Happy was gone, Tony brushed a thumb over Ian’s soft brown hair. It was curling slightly in his nape now, and with him sleeping so peacefully, he looked so much like Steve it had Tony smile.
If things with Pierce came to a close, he wouldn’t be able to pilot Iron Man like this—or rather, Steve wouldn’t deem him fit enough to join the fight. He would put him on the bench with nothing more than a worried but oh so stern glance and there was
Tony’s hands were drifting along Steve’s face as he leaned back. “Who would’ve thought,” he murmured, chuckling when Steve immediately stole another kiss from him. He couldn’t help it. There was a fierce happiness trying to push to the surface, and Steve had a hard time keeping himself in check.
“Don’t be nervous,” Tony said between kisses. His own hands were less reserved, brushing along Steve’s waist, then up his back.
great. Another party guest.
The words hit right home—as Natasha had intended them to, of course.
“Did I tell you that she once nicked a ten-thousand dollar whiskey from dad?” Tony leaned in to whisper, a little dumbly, and Steve almost laughed at the idea. Instead, though, he raised Tony’s knuckles briefly to his mouth. One kiss to the bump of his knuckles, and then to the bones of his fingers. He hoped it wasn’t too scandalous. With the way Tony inched closer, he figured it was probably not.
and it’s dark, why is it so dark—I think we’re in a fucking
“Do what? Get drunk?”
“Sam,” Steve said before he could even finish the thought. There weren’t a lot of people in DC  he trusted, but he did trust Sam. “We should be as far off the grid as possible.”
It didn’t
“Steve’s not my boyfriend,” Tony said. “He’s my…” He fell quiet, frowning at nothing in particular, realizing, maybe for the first time, that he had no idea if Steve still was his husband. The word had come so naturally to him for years, always something he'd said with a giddy sort of pride, and it was strange to question it now.
As if the Hulk had decided to counteract his thoughts, a wild green fist flew toward Tony’s face and was quickly deflected and countered with a swipe from Natasha’s legs, as she rushed at him.
Tony sighed heavily. Honestly, he still had trouble believing that Rhodey had somehow managed to score Carol Danvers. Rhodey was a nerd at heart, just like Tony. He didn’t look the part anymore (somewhere between 14 and 18, Rhodey had left his gangly Steve Urkel-self behind and actually started to muscle up, lose his glasses, and look for all the world like some younger Idris Elba. It was very disturbing.), but he was still every bit a science geek when it came down to it. How a girl like Carol, who wasn’t
“I thought I’d lose you for good,” Tony whispered.
Steve wanted to hug him, then, but somehow it didn’t feel like the right moment. Instead, he leaned into Tony more fully and pressed a kiss against his cheek. But Tony was having none of it. Fingers dug into Steve’s shirt and he pulled him closer, while guiding Steve’s mouth to his.
Ah. The flying aircraft carrier Steve had yet to see.
“Steve…”
“Then what
Now that Steve stood right in front of him. Seeing the truth with his own eyes. Seeing Tony for what he was. In the worst possible moment.
Agent Barton studied him for a long moment, his mouth forming a tight line. “We have reason to believe that Mrs. Stark wasn’t alone in the boat when it sank.”
Steve honestly didn’t know what he thought would happen when he lost his virginity. Truth be told, he hadn’t given it much consideration until it was over.
“Yeah, all of that,” he agreed. “Made me all soft and mushy…”
Tony’s hands—still resting on Steve’s chest—dug into him a little at those words, and he could feel Steve’s heart beating beneath his fingers.
“Do…” Steve licked his lips and sighed. It wasn’t what he’d meant to ask. “Do you think… it’ll be different now?”
Hastily, Steve pulled up the shield and sat it down on the holder on his back. The elevator soared higher to the Triskelion’s top level. He leaned back against the glass wall, smiling peaceably and letting his mind drift back for a minute, unable do to anything but.
SR 3:12 A.M.>I'll make sure you lose it, too
Steve felt his face heat a little, as he remembered. He nodded.
“So, how can I assist you?” he asked with a wink, if only to get a rise out of the guy. He was staring at Tony in puzzlement—which wasn’t exactly a foreign reaction, and also sort of adorable—and raised his free hand to rub the back of his neck.
With an eye roll, Rhodey stood up. “I have infinite trust in the both of you to not kill us. Good night.” With that, he shuffled to the back of the RV, where his and Carol’s bed was located.
“The mission?” Steve asked, suddenly alarmed. “You do remember, right?”
“I don’t wanna miss him growing up. I don’t wanna wake up alone anymore.” He pulled Tony against him. “Please don’t make me leave.”
“Feels real,” Tony murmured, though he shook his head a second later. “But no… it can’t be. I know for a fact that I’m sleeping in my workshop right now. Tomorrow, I have a board meeting, and I gotta hire a new PA, because my last one was a guy with a bad habit of vomiting on my shoes every time he had to hold a presentation.”
“You and me,” Steve said. “What’s it gonna be?”
them use us—but if this helps people sleep a little easier, then it’s worth considering!”
Of course he would smell good, Steve thought, trying not to show how much of an allure Tony had on him.
“Talk to him,” Steve said, feeling a little out of breath. “Tell him that. I can’t even think of how he feels about this. JARVIS was Tony’s closest friend for so long. I know he doesn’t show it, but you know how he is.”
Not that Tony was complaining, really, Steve’s enthusiasm in the bedroom was his favorite thing ever, but what in
[('127.0.0.1': 48956)] new client 2
“It was both,” Steve whispered, pressing his lips into Tony’s hair. “We would’ve done both.”
“You’re right,” Steve said, finally looking at him again and
“Sleep now,” Steve ordered gently and leaned in to press a gentle kiss against Tony’s forehead. “We’ll talk about it tomorrow. I promise.”
“I think it looks good,” someone else—Sam—supplied, “but I…”
“No,” Steve said, trying to keep his voice firm and strong. “No one got injured. Just a few scrapes and burns.”
“Yeah…
Hammer sighed heavily. “The conference was useless. And you have an hour to pack your things.”
Tony loved that almost-but-not-quite shy look on Steve’s face when he talked to Sam about their still ‘fresh’, well, whatever-it-was. He cast Steve a sympathetic smile, warmth embracing his heart when he smiled back instantly. He’d come to crave that smile. It was gorgeous, just like the rest of Steve.
, dammit, and Tony found his lower regions twitch with interest. “God, what you do to me…”
“Oh, I’m sorry, please put it on that table at the end of the room…” He pointed to the work table on the far off side of the room, and Steve set into motion. “Yes, there.” Bruce trailed after him, but first came to a stop at Tony’s side.
“Faster,” he demanded, and when Steve’s hand set into motion, stroking them faster, the spit and precome barely enough to make the slide easy, it was good,
Steve only pulled back a little. “Correct me if I’m wrong, but we’re not so good with words.”
Natasha and Clint stepped forward, asking simultaneously, “What targets?”
Well, that explained a lot, Steve thought. He was so horribly nervous, and yet… there was a deep yearning inside his chest ever since he’d seen Tony at those cliffs.
Fury blinked, not attempting to conceal his astonishment. “Come again?”
Tony dropped his head onto Steve’s shoulder in frustration. “Someday… I’m really gonna kill him.”
Steve shook his head. Hell, he was doing this all wrong, and he wouldn’t beat around the bush any longer. Tony had waited for his decision long enough. “No, I’m trying to say ‘yes’ without forcing you into doing this in case Ultron changed your mind. But I think I’m not doing it very well.”
Steve forced a smile to his lips, as he watched his friend step into the elevator.
There was a heavy pause, Steve’s eyes shining with hurt. Immediately, the anger in Tony drained and he ran a hand through his messy hair.
Steve scooped Tony into his arms, pulling him against his chest. “If you don’t stop attacking us
Steve’s name was a low breath while Tony tried to get closer.
Tony grinned as he lowered the fork to his plate to scoop up another mouthful. Whatever this was—it was nice, just spending time with Steve as though they were normal. As though they hadn’t tried to kill each other. As though they weren’t so horribly complicated, and the burden of the future didn’t mean every move could change their life forever.
Steve hummed. “Should do it before your battery runs out.”
“You’re welcome,” Tony said, before glancing over to the bionic arm. “I’ll have to take a look at that. JARVIS—my, uh, robot butler—”
“Isn’t it always?” Maria asked, not unkindly.
He turned slowly, looking up. She raised a tentative hand to caress his cheek. The feel of her skin against his after such a long time made his insides sing. It was the first time in years that someone touched him without inspiring hate or revulsion.
Tony chuckled briefly. “No, Cap. The Helicarrier.”
was going on with him.
company.
The memories were between them. Steve had already given him a story in black and white, but now that it was filled with color, Tony was at a loss for words.
“What?”
Tony shook his head. “No.”
Just like Jarvis had always told him it’d be.
“Oh my God. Oh God. Fuck yes.”
God, Pepper would’ve been so proud of him for that sentence alone.
They were playing with them, Steve realized. This wasn’t even all they could do, they were still holding back. They knew they’d win, and thus, they were toying with them.
“No,” he repeated, puzzled. “You know I don’t. Why are you even asking?”
“Well, good for you,” he said and shoved Tony playfully.
Right.
“I am,” Tony supplied softly. “I’m sorry I wasn’t here when it counted, but… This is real. I promise.” He moved until he grasped Steve’s fingers, moving them along Tony’s cheek. “I wouldn’t have so many worry lines if this was after-life, right?”
Steve let Tony press closer, embraced him and leaned his check against his head. His hand rubbed soothing circles on Tony's back, and he swallowed thickly before speaking, barely trusting his own voice. "Yeah… I love you, too."
In other words: They were royally fucked.
He just… couldn’t go home. Not yet. When he had walked into the building’s ruins five days ago, he had to fight the urge to sink to his knees and weep at the sight. To battle the tears that stung his eyes, every inch of him enveloped in a phantom pain of those hits Barnes and Steve had landed on him.
Steve’s hands were shaking, too clumsy to handle something as precious as Tony’s naked body. Yet he had asked him to, so Steve tried to do as he asked. He tried to be slow and careful as he slid his hands up his ribcage, but eventually, curiosity got the better of him, and he let his fingers travel down, to the firm curve of Tony’s buttocks, then to his rapidly hardening member.
The Enhanced Citizen Act (a name Tony thought was a bit ridiculous, but everything was better than naming the bill after a destroyed city) was everything the Sokovia Accords hadn’t been.
Steve shrugged. “We… talked.”
"Thanks," Bucky said, and Steve eyed him worriedly. He didn't even sound sarcastic when he said that. He pointed Bucky towards the couch as he went to get the coffee started. Once they were settled with steaming mugs, Steve let himself look at his friend for a long moment. Neither of them spoke, but Bucky gave him a small smile.
Steve was stroking them even harder, and Tony eventually settled his hand on top, mimicking the rhythm. Their fingers were massaging them with abandoned frenzy, an almost brutal assault that would’ve hurt had it not felt so good. And every time they wrapped their hands around the heads, circling and squeezing, Tony fell a little more. Needing more. Needing—
“Yeah.” Tony looked sideways at him, and smiled. His first genuinely happy smile since they’d had their big fight, and it made Steve’s insides sing. “We really should.”
There was another long moment of silence then, but somehow, it was a lot less uncomfortable.
Steve had a feeling he knew what Tony was thinking about it. It hurt to even think those words, and voicing them would be even worse, but he didn’t really have a choice.
, or whose fault it is. Hell, it’s probably Tony’s. But for once, please, just put whatever it is behind you so he can enjoy this moment. You might not care for the eclipse, but Tony does. And so do I. It’s a one-in-a-lifetime thing and I need it to be perfect for him, okay? God knows he didn’t have a lot of things to look forward to this year, so yeah, get your head out of your ass, Steve—please.”
“You don’t seem too surprised.”
The silence that settled thereafter was thick and more than a little disconcerting. Fury’s mouth formed a solemn line and he nodded tightly to himself. Manifest conviction clouded every strain on his face, before he glanced away to the Helicarriers. “SHIELD takes the world as it is, not as we’d like it to be. It’s getting damn near past time for you get with the program, Cap.”
Coming to a decision, Steve stood up. There was a long and heavy moment of tense silence between them, before he moved closer. Cautiously, he pushed a hand down on her shoulder, and—with a very soft breath—Natasha made that last step and let him draw her in.
So with that hammer in hand, he stepped into the chamber and put the jar down on one of the examination tables.
Natasha barely even turned her head as the three men walked into the room, and her drowsy expression didn’t change at all but for a languid smile that appeared at the corners of her mouth. “Hello, boys.”
Steve sighed. A heavy, drawn-out sigh. He sank forward suddenly, elbows on his knees, and head falling into his waiting hands. “I just…” He shook his head and fell silent for a moment, palpably searching for words. “I thought I could do this. Come back here, just do what Fury asks of me, and… I can’t.”
? Steve was sure he’d never heard of that before, and yet, the regular police officers he’d seen walking around had seemed to readily follow their orders.
More weeks passed and there was just too much on his mind. There were so many things that had already changed: They hadn’t moved to the facility at New York’s outskirts, Rhodey and Sam hadn’t officially joined the Avengers, yet, Thor hadn’t left Earth, and Bruce was still around, though he and Natasha had apparently let go of their whatever-it-was romance.
Barnes sighed, but nodded all the same. Tony pointed him to sit down on the lid of a sturdy wicker clothes hamper, directing him to prop his human hand on the sink across from him. He submitted to Tony’s orders without complaint, like the good soldier he was, his eyes following him as he grabbed a pack of cotton balls and a small bottle from the medicine cabinet above the sink.
* * *
It was almost arrogant of Steve to think he could bait Tony like this. Send him a phone, and expect him to break the silence.
Tony paused, frowning at the question. He hadn’t really expected having to explain his motivations, but... He
Great.
“Shit, I’m gonna—” Tony broke off with a moan, his fingertips all but digging into Steve’s skin. And Steve felt Tony’s cock jerk against his abdomen, felt the wetness between them, and only had a moment to think that he hadn’t even touched Tony—
“It could,” Steve agreed, though he didn’t truly believe that. They’d already been brought to their lowest. And he’d learned from his mistakes. He caught Tony’s eyes and held his gaze. “It could also be amazing.”
Tony had planned to ask Steve for a while now, but only now, he realized how much he’d wanted him to say yes.
Steve stood in the doorway, watching the tender care Tony gave their son. “It wasn’t his fault,” he said softly.
“I like you, Potts.”
There was a minute’s consideration, visible in the way the suits slowed down, but didn’t stop right away.
The only unpredictable element was Steve’s loyalty to his best friend.
were the one to—”
Tony sighed again, and Steve knew he really wanted to talk about this, knew there was more he hadn’t said yet, but it never seemed to be the right time.
Right now, Tony was directing Mark Forty-One through the sky, flanking Thor’s side as he and Clint made their way to the second carrier. At some point, Tony had watched Steve running around the deck of the Southern carrier, but as soon as it had taken off, he’d disappeared into one the lower decks.
As they flew back to New York, Steve was sitting—once more—down on the Quinjet’s floor, his hand gently clasped around Tony’s. In his other hand, he balanced a tablet on his knees, scrolling through the latest news. Some part of him wished he hadn’t followed Maria’s advice to read the recent articles but he figured at one point they had to face the backlash the media was conjuring up.
“Good?” he ventured.
Steve nodded and sighed deeply with relief and satisfaction. “I forgot how bitter we were,” he whispered.
“You looked so good in that tux,” Steve said. “But I like you better out of it,” he decided, head dipping to suck at Tony’s left nipple.
It was early next morning when Tony sat in the living room in his and Steve’s facility apartment, cradling Ian in his arms as he gave him the bottle. He nursed a headache of epic proportions and since a whole long while, he really longed for a drink.
terribly awkward, I wouldn’t remember. All I remember is you.”
“Tony?” a voice said and Tony came awake with lightning swiftness.
After Ian had finished his bottle and burped loudly over Tony’s shoulder, Tony took him down to the common floor. As soon as he stepped out of the elevator, however, the phone in his pocket vibrated with a message. Picking up the device with one hand, he realized it was just an automatic notification of someone adding an entry to his calendar.
“In the meantime,” Steve continued, “we will stay here. We will train as usual, and Tony said he can arrange a few rare visits between our teams, and he can bring you to your family and vice versa.” Steve looked at both Clint and Scott.
“Like you were held accountable for what you did to the Hulk?” Pietro asked, his whole posture tense.
“I never found out what it was,” he said, his voice soft. “The dreams. The reason we were… together. I did a lot of research, spoke with people I would’ve never spoken with otherwise, and… I still don’t understand it.”
“Huh,” Tony said out loud, honestly perplexed. “What about that.”
. Steve ran his tongue surreptitiously round his dry mouth.
“He’s not.”
Which in itself was stupid, because he wasn’t even sure that he
Maria gave off an unladylike snort. “Tony Stark becomes a
His body twitched, arching into Steve’s hand. Steve eased him forward until Tony lay flatly on his chest. Steve pressed his body gently onto the bunched pillows. “Alright.”
He could feel the heat rolling off Steve’s skin, almost hear the pounding of his heart, and feel his arousal pressed against him.
“Rhodey?”
Steve had only shrugged, and sat down in the reading chair. It was crazy and there was nothing he could say that’d make Tony feel better.
“I… yeah, okay,” Steve said, nodding while he was still a bit dazed. “Gonna make sure you’re ready.”
Steve on his part just rolled his eyes, as always, knowing exactly what Tony was up to, but the smile on his face stayed firmly in place.
“Whatever it was,” Bucky continued, unfazed, “I think it might’ve made him angry.”
Most of his adult life, Steve hadn’t known what to expect from his first time. The idea of a romantic, physical love had remained something he craved but never thought to touch. Now with the head of his cock slipping inside Tony’s heat as he panted hard against his chest, every previous notion, every careless thought he’d ever assigned to lovemaking was washed away.
“Natasha… he’s—Tony’s not a bad man,” he told her heatedly. “I know how things look, but there’s more to it, I
“We won’t,” Steve confirmed. “But it isn’t something that can be repaired by putting a leash on us. The risk is always gonna be there, and we can’t have the government exploit it. You can’t tell me you truly believe they won’t try to use us for their own agendas. It’s a dangerous game, Tony.”
“To be honest, I’m trying desperately not to think about that,” Tony admitted and sighed. “I know how I can be—or could be, when it comes to you. I’m not exactly… rational. About you. Guess you’ll just have to convince me.”
“I don’t care what you
Evidently, by the time the group had moved to the old part of the house—back through the entry hall, the kitchen, and into ‘Clara’s room’—Tony had well and truly lost all remaining interest.
. Complete and utter bullshit.
What had they
* * *
Tony sighed and pressed himself further against Steve while tucking his head into the space beneath his chin. He loved the softness of Steve’s skin there, and without giving it a thought, brushed a fleeting kiss on his Adam’s apple.
Tony chuckled. “Sure, have a goat and a few chicken while you’re at it.”
“Steve…” His name rolled off Tony’s lips like a prayer. “Move. Please.”
He’d known all kinds of pain in his life: burnings, stabbings and bullet holes. Even the worst of wounds faded after a while—and he’d been taught that pain was fleeting. Always fleeting. And once his body was frozen, he would forget. He would move on.
Vision nodded. “Yes, I understand my priority will be to take Ultron off the net and then follow your orders.”
With a deep breath, he raised himself to his feet, putting on his old clothes with fast movements. She was right, of course, he’d have to face Stark eventually.
“It can’t fly anymore,” Cooper whispered with a note of infinite sadness in his voice. “’s not just the wing, the engine’s broken, too.”
In contrast to Natasha’s serenity, Bucky suddenly looked like a deer caught in headlights. He was still a little pale, a little too thin, his longer hair pulled back in a messy ponytail. “Nat said you were away on a mission,” he said awkwardly, looking back and forth between them, while not-quite meeting Steve’s eyes.
“Our plane is just outside.”
* * *
It clearly was a struggle, and Steve knew in his heart that this wasn’t how it had played out in reality—even before Tony opened his mouth. The change from his previous annoyed and slightly resigned expression to the more amicable one he was sporting now… it seemed off.
Tony breathed in deep. “We were…” His eyes drifted past Steve, searching for the right words. “Well… we
“Turkeys are ready when the thickest part of the thigh reaches about one hundred and eighty degrees,” Bruce said.
The sun was casting orange and pink lights through the window, though, so Tony just closed his eyes again, relishing the warmth on his skin.
“Yeah,” Bucky agreed worriedly.
* * *
“That’s none of your business,” Tony said through gritted teeth.
“I do know,” Steve said, huffing at his own words. “In fact, I know everything now.”
Steve shook his head in denial. “HYDRA died with the Red Skull.”
Now though, Tony mostly had to fight the urge to
Bucky glanced at Natasha again, and they seemed to come to some sort of understanding. “He was sort of…  attached,” he said, “… to Tony.”
Tony was almost ready to admit defeat when a possible solution hit him.
It was ridiculous.
* * 6/13/22, 6:44 AM * *
Steve quirked a sheepish smile at him. “So I pined for him? My… other self, I mean.”
They reached Camp Lehigh an hour later. It was a strange feeling—stepping onto the soil where it had all started. Steve’s mind was suddenly a collage of memories; only it didn’t feel like seventy-three had passed. Looking around, he could almost see his skinny self jogging down the path to the training site.
“Uh,” Steve echoed eloquently.
“You still love me?” Steve asked between kisses, but Tony was unwilling to let him go long enough to answer him. He wanted to savor this. Hell, he wanted to freeze this moment. And yet, the part of him that needed to eradicate Steve’s insecurities was stronger.
The biggest advantage to the position, as far as Steve was concerned, was the ease with which he could move. Tony clenched around him tighter than usual, making low rumbling growls fall from Steve as he struggled for self control. He took his hand from Tony's shoulder, with Tony's own still clasping on, and reached down to close his fingers around Tony's neglected cock.
“We haven’t worked with you, yet,” Tony said. “Not with… this version of you, anyway.”
“The Hot Cocoa President,” Tony explained long-suffering, but his voice was all amusement, as he guided Cooper into the kitchen with him. Steve had to fight back a grin when Cooper only raised an unimpressed eyebrow, the expression on his face painfully familiar, and crossed his tiny arms in front of his chest.
“I see.”
Steve stilled. His eyes flickered towards the door, as his mind drew a blank. “What?”
Tony shrugged with a shameless grin. “Me? Brag?” He exchanged a conspiratorial glance with Steve. “Perish the thought.”
“Afraid not, schnookums.”
At last, he brought the pencil to the paper and scribbled a few soft lines. Then, he filled the area in between with slow, measured strokes.
“Well if we stopped taking in new strays every other month,” Tony said, teasing.
Steve smiled brokenly, his eyes shining, love on his lips.
Within hours, a crisis committee had declared SHIELD a terrorist organization, with many agents considered fugitives. Tony had helped Phil with erasing whatever identities he could, but in the end, most of their files were up and about… Natasha’s, Clint’s, the whole team’s; JARVIS was filtering what he could, but all in all, they were all out in the open now, every dirty secret, every step they’d ever taken. Right now, the focus was on HYDRA, Pierce and a few world-famous historical catastrophes HYDRA had played a part in over the years. And luckily for them, no one made the connection between HYDRA and Bucky Barnes.
Steve trailed off for a moment, and Tony was trying to read his expression, but his eyes were cast to the floor, and this was all… really fucking cryptic, wasn’t it?
Steve would’ve loved to answer him, but he was too busy gawking, because Tony was only wearing a bathrobe he hadn’t even bothered to tie together and some very tiny, red sleeping shorts. And Steve… he was faced with a muscular, olive-toned chest and legs that left him so distracted that he could not remember why he’d come here in the first place.
Stane nodded. “Ten years ago, Howard and his wife died in a tragic accident. They passed the company to Tony, though his confidant, Virginia Hogan, serves as a silent partner.”
He seemed numb with shock, and that didn’t exactly calm Tony’s mind. “Steve, are you okay?”
Steve shrugged. “What can I say? I’m living on the edge.”
“That’s right,” Tony groaned. He wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck, pressed his forehead to his and took him all the way in. They shared only a moment to gasp in wonder, before he kissed Tony hard and pulled out slowly.
The picture changed to a newspaper article, and that was… Steve drew in a sharp breath as he made out the picture of Howard… and Maria. The article about their car accident in 1991. Steve closed his eyes for a second, and it was like floating in nothingness. Slowly, he glanced over to Tony. His expression was stony at best, and thoroughly unreadable. He wasn’t frowning or upset or anything that could be named; rather, he was blank, completely vacant, and that very vacancy resonated more than screams ever could.
words uttered in
“Me neither,” Tony muttered. “That was fucking embarrassing.”
Okay, what was going on here?
"A'ight," Steve said, sliding out of his chair. The floor was not so steady under his feet and he held onto the counter for balance. He paid, then stood more or less upright, glancing at Tony. "After you."
Almost.
“It’s not just that. I want to make her happy, alright?” Rhodey said with a low voice. “This is gonna be it for us. In a few weeks, she’s gonna be in Colorado. We’ll have a whole country between us and I’m not deluding myself into thinking that she’ll do a long-distance relationship with me. So, yes, I wanna spend a bit more time with her. Sue me.”
Tony heaved a deep breath, held it, and exhaled. He smiled. “Yes. Let’s.”
about him, including all those times Tony had been bitching about Steve. If there was even a small part of JARVIS in there, Tony was likely in for a few very gleeful jibes.
“Oh, don’t mother-hen me, Rogers,” Tony said, making to stand up.
Steve stood frozen as he regarded the man. He looked to be his age, maybe a bit younger—sharp features, slim figure, bold facial hair, and bright-red sunglasses that somehow looked even stranger than the whole room in itself.
“You didn’t hurt me,” Tony said again, coaxing his hold on Steve to lessen with another squeeze. His eyes fell closed, his head landing back on the tractor’s surface as he began moving on Steve’s length in languid, cooling strokes. He loved this part. Despite the fact that he sure as hell wouldn’t be getting it up again, it was perfect. Just knowing that he could make Steve feel good, only by staying tight around him.
Fuck. He had single-mindedly destroyed every chance he might’ve had with Steve. It would be a wonder if he could even look at Tony this morning. Tony turned slowly and slid to the floor, his heart pounding. He felt tears well up in his eyes and brushed them away angrily.
“Oh, I’m aware that you
Tony felt his cheeks redden and poked Steve’s side playfully. “You’re such a sap.”
“He wouldn’t even miss you,” Stane said, his hands now clamped tightly around Steve’s upper arms. “No one would. Why don’t you go? Why don’t you leave Stark Mansion? He doesn’t need you. He’s got his memories. He doesn’t love you. He wants to be alone with his wife again.”
Tony positioned himself at Steve’s back and fumbled first with the hooks on his uniform top and then with the laces of his gauntlets.
Leaning back against the counter next to Steve, Tony stared at his feet. “I wished…” He huffed, and shook his head in a self-deprecating motion. “I wished that I’ll remember every single one of his birthdays, that I won’t become the sort of person who’s too busy to find time for little gestures, and that he… that he still wants me around for his birthdays when he gets older.”
He cast Steve an easy smile, brushing their noses together. “Well, I guess our little secret affair isn’t all that secret anymore, huh?”
“I’ll be back soon,” Steve told him. “Tell Ian I love him, yeah?”
Steve couldn’t stifle a surprised laugh. That summed it up just fine.
“Will you? Do everything?”
And oh, there it was.
“No, it’s good. Great even. We won’t have to pretend then.”
“Phil loves children, fair warning. He might latch onto Ian like an octopus.”
Likely, Tony had never been more afraid of anything in his life.
The fire died in Tony’s eyes a bit. “Steve—”
“I need you to know that... that I forgave you about a minute after you were gone,” Tony confessed. “The rest was swallowing my pride. And it took a long time. From that first time that I heard you were doing secret missions in Wakanda, and I hated you so much for moving on… almost as much as I hated you for leaving. And the rest was me getting to the point where I could tell you. So I told pretty much everyone else. I told Pepper, Rhodey, and about a hundred people who never even wanted to know.”
At first bite of the scrambled eggs, an approving and decidedly obscene sound left Tony’s lips. “Strong, handsome,
“I want us to work together,” Steve corrected. “Not work for me. Doesn’t work that way with us. If you realize halfway through that this isn’t it for you, you can still quit.”
In that very moment, the lines dividing black and white, good and evil, right and wrong vanished altogether. Tony might have been Lucifer, the devil, but he was still
Tony’s eyes were one hundred percent fixed on Steve’s, his hands holding his hips steady while he rolled against him. “Oh, I think you do.”
And then there it was. The Eye of Agamotto.
Tony certainly had never been an advocate of silence; especially when there was an alternative at the ready. For once, though, someone beat him to it.
But something changed. Something in Tony’s eyes changed and he was back against him, grasping his head. “Stop apologizing for things you aren’t sorry for,” he told him and pulled Steve’s mouth down to his.
Trying unsuccessfully to swallow the lump that had formed in his throat, Steve headed back to their car where Sam was already waiting for him.
[Vision] [chat_server:46958]
“I’m afraid he already knows,” Agent Romanoff said and the sympathy on the woman’s face was almost unbearable.
Steve’s hands smoothed up his thighs until he had two handfuls of Tony’s ass and he leaned over to kiss his neck. The whiff of his scent, musky and heavy hung in Steve's nose like a drug, and he grabbed the lube from Tony before moving to hastily arrange Tony in a more comfortable position.
“Not all of them,” Steve reminded him.
Tony moaned and bit his lower lip. “You feel so good,” he whimpered against Steve’s lips. His thumb remained poised above their slits, massaging them softly. “You’re so hot like this. So needy. So desperate. And you’re all mine…”
Steve’s gaze dropped to his back, travelling over the newly-exposed skin. “You slept… in your jeans?”
, he thought, as he drifted higher. Below him, the Kamar-Taj vanished into a swirl of time and space. The vision spun, then drifted away and faded into white. All white now. Tony was floating in glowing light that seemed to go on forever.
Even with a whole new world to uncover, Steve’s life managed to fall into a series of habits. On weekdays, he dragged himself from bed, showered, avoided everyone’s intense gaze at the cafeteria table, and went to work. He and Natasha would commiserate over the newest book he’d read and the newest documentary he’d watched on his insanely big television. He stayed in the gym for the most part of the afternoon, and afterwards, they’d train with that tablet-device he’d been given a few days ago.
There was a pause. Or not a pause—a second of complete
“Son of a bitch,” Tony breathed. His head was buzzing, white noise masking every other sound. He glanced at Natasha and saw what he’d already known he'd see. It had been foolish to believe this had been Bucky’s doing. “We gotta get this to Ross.”
His eyes had been sealed shut for days. When people came into the room, he heard them but didn’t watch. He knew the voices all belonged to Steve’s team, and was able to identify each of them without much struggle. Sometimes it would take a few minutes to drag the face matching the voice out of his exhausted mind, but in the end, he remembered.
“Yeah,” Tony said. He fiddled with his pant’s back pocket and Steve raised a brow when he pulled out a pair of sunglasses. “The glasses use a chip that’s connected with the user’s hippocampus,” Tony explained and walked around the pedestal. “That way, it’s able to track memories, and produce them onto an external infrastructure.”
Tony heard Steve yelling, and he had a moment of panic as he was suddenly surrounded by a thick vapor of dust. It was a lot like standing next to an open fire, breathing in its smoke, and Tony could barely take in two breaths before he started coughing.
, Tony thought, but instead of raising his hand, he used it to stifle a yawn. Next to him, Bruce retreated into his hoodie, pulling up his headphones underneath it. The beat leaked out, tinnily. Seemed he was bored, too, which didn’t exactly come as a surprise, since Bruce probably had the same genius IQ as Tony.
In the last few weeks, just as Tony’d promised, they’d travelled all across Southern Europe, from Italy to France to Spain to Portugal. In just a few short weeks, Steve had seen more of the world than in all the years before. He’d seen the Eiffel Tower, the Colosseum, the Sagrada Familia. He’d tasted food he’d never even heard of before and nipped at wines that cost far more than all the money he’d ever earned.
“The truth is always a good thing,” Steve whispered.
, Tasha,” he said reverently, kissing her forehead.
He gave him a meaningful look, then cupped his face with both hands. “There’s absolutely nothing you need to be sorry for. Obi’s an asshole, has been as long as I’ve known him. And what I’m going to do, well…” He took a low breath. “Can’t really fire him without splitting the board in half right now, and I need those people on my side if I ever want to push the energy business. So I’m gonna sit it out, play nice with him as much as I have to. I figure he’ll bitch about you for a while, but things will settle eventually. And when I’m 21…”
“Yeah,” Tony agreed softly. “I miss baba, too.”
His gaze dropped to Rhodey’s healthy, undamaged legs briefly, and he reached for his hand. “You were the last one I saw in my timeline. We lost contact with all of the others at some point. But you and me, we stuck together till the end.”
Shivers spread across Tony’s skin. He paused, glanced to Steve’s face again, then raised his knees a little and repositioned his rear to give Steve better access.
Finally, it was time to meet an old team-mate.
It didn’t take much to put two and two together. If it weren’t for the distressed sound of Steve’s voice, Tony could’ve entertained the idea that his mind was just reenacting last night’s very memorable action, but as it was… it was kinda obvious that Steve was having a nightmare, and not a sex-dream.
She didn’t struggle, instead falling to her knees. “I needed to know,” she gasped, staring down at Tony.
As she walked away slowly, down the middle of the cemetery, Steve hurried to catch up with her. “Sharon,” he prompted. “My sincere condolences.”
Steve would've liked to say that Tony had stopped flirting at some point, but that really wasn’t the case. If it
Veronica was a great help. Caring for Ian was now a full-time job for her, and she basically followed Tony around every day to handle him whenever Tony couldn’t.
* * *
After a bit of fumbling in his pants’ pockets, Tony held them up, dangling them front of his face.
Steve startled at the sound of a car pulling into the driveway.
Luckily, the door was unlocked. Steve wondered about it for a second, but the room was quiet and he preferred not to wake up anyone if he could help it. Looking around at the mildly messy room, Steve located the empty bed and raised his eyebrows in question. An affirmative nod from Tony was enough, although Steve wasn't entirely sure if it was an actual nod or just Tony falling asleep.
Laugh, lash out at him, or hide somewhere, most likely.
Tony could practically hear the exclamation marks as she talked. That they were all expected to be excited about it. And everybody else seemed to be. All of his classmates were happy to escape high school, and embrace the wonder that was university-life.
“The great Captain America,” Tony said against Steve’s lips, “waiting to drive me crazy.”
“There’s a lot to be thankful for,” Strange went on, unfazed. There was a smirk on his lips, barely there, as he gazed on the landscape outside.
One more chapter to go!
A sigh set upon Natasha’s shoulders and she rolled her head back. “Right now, James is a weapon, Steve, and nothing more.”
“We’re not sure yet,” Bruce said. “He only got here. We already called Strange, he’s on his way.”
“Alright, FRIDAY,” he called. “What have we got here?”
“What this is, Captain, is the end of the way we do business,” Fury said. “And Tony knows that.”
Tony’s eyes lit up and he ran his tongue over his teeth with casual seduction. “If I remember correctly,” he said, head dipping to nuzzle his throat. “You thanked me plenty just half an hour ago.”
They fell silent for a long moment, but Steve knew there was more to come, and he had an inkling feeling that he knew exactly what Bucky would say. So he braced himself with another full spoon of melting chocolate.
“The thermometer’s in the cabinet,” Sam told them from the sidelines. He had Ian on his left leg, bouncing him and laughing when Ian giggled happily.
Whenever he’d tried, Tony had brushed him off with harsh words and angry eyes, so Steve knew better than to try again.
Tony nodded. “Good thinking.”
, Tony loved the knowledge that he was the only one who got to see this side of Steve. He wanted to mark his perfect skin, etch himself so deep into Steve’s bones he’d never get him out again.
"You're right," he said, nodding his head. He looked at the woman, then. She seemed surprised, maybe worried, Steve couldn't bring himself to care. "You just went for the next older blonde you could find."
Vision nodded, and reached for Tony’s hand as soon as the door had closed. Tony was very still and very pale against the white sheets, and Vision found potent worry eat at him.
him, had sunken in. It made Tony feel strangely giddy.
“No, it’s much better.”
Tony felt his face heat. “It wasn’t exactly how I had imagined to come out to anyone. I’ve wanted to tell you for a while, I had a whole speech ready, and then you just… well, you know.”
Stane groaned in pain, falling to his knees even as he swung the blade—
“Can I…” Tony prompted as he neared him once more. Steve had no idea what went through his head, but with some hesitation, he curled his fist around Steve’s length. “Is that okay?”
The woman seemed to realize what was going to happen if she didn’t get up. She fought to her feet, and before he could so much as raise his gun, she rolled away, flipping herself from her back to her feet with almost no effort at all. Then, she threw herself at him.
Steve stood there, having no idea what to do. “Here?”
, they had decided put him to bed in the new baby room.
Was it possible that he knew about… about Tony’s infatuation with him? Had he figured it out at some point?
Coulson paused, frowning at the words, obviously realizing for the first time that SHIELD was no more. “—
He paused and cocked his head, studying her intently. “Are you blushing?”
“Can’t we do this tomorrow?” Steve asked, sighing. “I’m not really in the mood for an intervention.”
“What happened?” Steve heard himself ask.
“You promised to be straight with me,” Steve said. “We had a deal, Shellhead.”
Maybe it was really best to leave.
“Boss,” FRIDAY called over Tony’s personal comm-line, “your power levels are very low.”
* * 6/22/22, 6:06 PM * *
When Steve approached the office half an hour later, his phone dinged with a message. It was from Dr. Bruce Banner, asking him to help with some lab set-up or something. It had been a while since he’d last set foot in the science faculty, but Steve was always happy to help, so he answered that he'd drop by as soon as he could.
He took a breath, trying to ignore Steve’s intense stare, then handed Barnes the blueprint. “If you let me take your measurements today, I could have a first prototype by the end of the month.”
Now, he would treasure Tony. Now, he wanted this to feel like love.
Tony exhaled a long breath, then made his way to the RV, mumbling, “I’m so fucked.”
Tony huffed. “I don’t know. Christmas?” He shifted on the mattress, staring up the ceiling.
He knew that it wasn’t a fantasy, of course. Enough time had passed that he could trust this life was real. Yet, it didn’t quite seem like reality. Because apart from those last few months, things had been too pleasant, altogether too comfortable, and he knew that he didn’t deserve it.
“Good.” She nodded, taking a deep, calming breath. “I still need you, you know?”
He stared at the blood dripping off the shield’s round surface. With a still beat, the man in front of Bucky toppled to the ground, and moved no more.
, Tony. Do you even know what this is doing to him?”
Tony raised a brow, and finally pulled off his shaded sunglasses. There was no hurt and no tears in his big brown eyes today. The mask of professionalism was back up and very firmly in place. “You’re alone?” he asked.
That conversation he'd overheard all those months ago was still on his mind. He didn't trust the guy to treat Tony right, and less so now that he was an SI employee.
Tony turned around with a frown. At first, he didn’t recognize the man in front of him. The features were unfamiliar, but the eye patch certainly wasn’t. And Tony’s mouth quirked upwards when he met Nick Fury’s gaze that looked so disapproving it
“So you keep saying.”
“Yeah. And I love you too much to let this go.”
Tony’s eyes once more flickered to the stump where his metal arm had been. “What, don’t you want your arm back?”
Fix this? There wasn’t anything to fix. Nevertheless, and against his better judgment, Steve found himself following Tony into his personal space.
Steve wanted to protest, to tell Bucky he didn't like the idea, but then he thought about what he'd do if he stayed home. Think about Tony some more? Think about the kiss? The teeth that had nibbled at him, promising more, taunting him until he couldn't think anymore?
“Still incognito,” Tony interrupted with an amused smile.
Hanging his head low, Steve resigned himself to starting his day early as his panic slowly abated. He'd planned to wake up at five and get some gym time today, anyway, but first, he needed to let his heart-rate go down. To that end, he settled back onto his bed.
Soon enough, his speed gained momentum. Grasping not too tightly, but not lose at all. Touching Steve with a blatant disregard for reservation. And never—not for a second—Tony removed his brow from Steve’s. He was keeping that intimacy. That touch. Kissing Steve’s lips every few seconds.
“I’m not—but you passed the test?”
“I get it,” Tony shot back, and he knew by the heat in his face that his cheeks were a deep red, and the knots in his stomach only made the temperature beneath his skin more unbearable.
“You’re ridiculously hot when you’re desperate, you know that?”
It didn’t feel like shadows of the past, though. Everything was so real. So tangible.
Rhodey sighed. “To be honest: Indries’ loved sailing far more than Tony ever did. She loved the ocean. So after they got married, the room was hers.”
Steve eyed him warily—took a step closer. “Yeah, I want that,” he said, “even after you went all day-time soap opera on me with the big slamming door.”
He knew in his heart that he was right. The government might think they had good intentions with this, and of course he didn’t want people to be afraid of them, but this was always the starting point. Eventually, they would be asked to do their country a service here, solve a political issue there, and before they’d know, they might not be able to do what they had set out to do four years ago.
After Tony had taken a long breath, seemingly coming to terms with whatever demons haunted him in here, he walked further into the room, and Pepper, Rhodey, Happy and Steve followed him.
Half an hour later, Steve still paced the length of Sam’s patio. He needed space, and time to think, and wade through the mess of memories in his head. He felt almost dizzy with shock. He wouldn’t have believed it had it not been for Bucky’s dog tags. So many things had faded from his memories over time… had been forcibly pushed away because they were painful. Odd that a piece of steel could bring all of it back in an instant. Could bring it back with such clarity. His mind recalled the day in Italy, the moment when he’d failed Bucky and had to watch him fall down into the endless ice. His hand on Bucky’s shoulder… the way he’d looked at him, trusting Steve to get him back into the train… the despair in his eyes when he fell.
And there was no way to tell if it was for the better.
Steve tossed him a narrow glance over his shoulder. “Again?” he retorted, as he carried the last two plates to the table.
Steve nodded again, more to himself than anything. “What happened then?”
, and that’s… I tried to mess it up. Tried last night—wanted you to hate me a little. So yeah, I took a low blow with that kiss. It’s not cool to do that to a guy, I know…” He sighed angrily. “Fuck, I’m all wrong.”
“To explain it to me. Your reasons for protecting Barnes. I wouldn’t have listened back then, maybe not for a long time, but we’ve worked together again for a couple of months now, and you… you never even tried to talk to me.”
* * 5/7/18, 04:03 AM * *
“Which location?” Tony asked, then stopped short.
Tony felt it build so quickly—an orgasm on the edges of reason, and he knew Steve was going to bring him to the stars with this one. He hadn’t even touched himself, goddammit, and apparently he didn’t need to, when, only seconds later, Tony cried out, shouting Steve’s name, as he completely broke apart with release.
“We’ll be very cautious. Take baby steps. He still has those attacks, and we’re not sure how he’ll react to new surroundings.”
“Six,” Steve replied. “Did you even sleep?”
“What the hell happened to you?” he asked.
He wasn’t so sure anymore.
that losing his wife was the one thing Tony could never recover from. And that there were certain things they would never talk about. Certain things about Tony that Steve would never know.
What good would it do to call Steve anyway? They had both made their standpoints very clear, and Steve had made his decision. The guy had lied to him, kept the one thing from him that Tony could not forgive, so what good would it do to talk now?
Tony sighed, but nodded. “True, yes. As you should’ve known by now.” He started walking towards Steve. “Detective, I—”
“Darling, he’s awake.”
“And maybe tomorrow," he whispered against Steve's lips, overcome with love but somehow not caring very much, "we can dare the universe again and try for that dinner, huh?”
Enough was enough.
Tony’s eyes grew wide and his mouth dropped open. “I have friends! There’s Pepper—and… and Bruce!”
, Steve, we can’t really go on and tell ourselves that this is normal, can we?”
“You’re actually just gonna stand there, are you?” Tony asked as he bent down to grab for his undersuit. It would be a bitch to get back into it like this, and hygiene was a far-away concept, but he guessed that’s what the cleaning protocol was for.
One hundred and twenty-two hours. Tony couldn’t believe it had been over five days already. So many hours of breathing stale air that should be shared by others. Drinking whiskey that had long since lost its taste. Expecting his team to sit in the kitchen and bicker in the mornings only to blink from his dream and return to this Hell on Earth.
For a long time, even before they’d gotten together, Tony had tried to imagine what it would feel like to fuck Steve. To have all that strength at his hands. He knew it would be amazing. How could it not be amazing? But this… God, this was so much better. Steve was perfect. And they were perfect together. Tony watched his cock disappear inside of Steve, watched his ass move up and down his length. Eventually, he felt the telltale sign of Steve’s thighs starting to shake, so he leaned down to kiss both of his shoulder blades, and dropped his hands to Steve’s hips to slow him down a bit.
“He’s more than beautiful,” Steve said. “He’s perfect.”
“Ian was down on the floor, playing with his plushie,” Natasha said, standing up and pointing towards one of the many soft nursery rugs. “James punched me and Ian started crying when I cried out in surprise, that’s all. James wasn’t even close to him.”
Tony swallowed as he turned around fully, taking in the tangible distance between them. Steve stood right in front of the entrance, eyes wide, fingers twitching next to where Tony knew he kept his gun.
Balling his hands into fists, Tony stood up. Sharp pangs seized his wings and sent echoes of hurt through his body with every intake of breath. The muscles in his back were tense with pain, frustration and fury—all of which demanded an outlet.
“Yeah, no problem,” Tony replied, eyes roaming Steve’s face. His skin was stained with dust and grime, and the upper part of his uniform seemed to have been hit with a few droplets of the same oily fluid that had been dumped on Tony at some point before they’d effectively killed the whatever-monster-it-was. Steve looked fine, all things considered, and yet… it had been a close call. And a completely unnecessary one, too.
In a moment of stilled hilarity, the entire table sent a brief glance in Steve’s direction.
Bucky and Natasha started laughing before Steve had even finished talking. They were already used to hearing that line, it was their usual whenever someone asked where—or more importantly
A few minutes passed before Tony felt he could attempt to broach the line between sleep and wakefulness any more than he already had. His mind raced against his body’s will, trying to remember what he had consumed the night before and just how much of it.
And looking at Tony now—Steve couldn’t help thinking that maybe…
“It’s—” He almost choked on the word. “—understandable that something like this would happen when you’re… close to someone all the time. Bucky’s a good-looking fella, I mean… uh… from an objective point of view. I never…” He heaved a breath and pondered scouring the room for a hole to crawl into. In Tony’s tower, such a thing might be easy to find. “Probably lots of dames would’ve—I mean, if they were in your shoes—”
On the other hand, he didn’t need to see him to know it was Bucky.
“Come
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Tony said and stood up. “JARVIS doesn’t have hands.”
"Fair enough," Tony replied as he let Steve crowd him against the wall. They were pressing down against each other, aligned from shoulder to hips, and the friction alone was making Tony's legs a bit shaky. He leaned back against the wall to steady himself, then drawing one leg up Steve's calves and thighs until he pulled his middle flush against him once again.
Although now… after kissing him… the night was plagued with very different thoughts.
TS 3:12 A.M.>So close
The last word sent a shiver down Steve’s spine. And slowly, it sunk in that Tony was serious about this. And Steve started to wonder if it was possible that he loved him, too. Ridiculous as it was.
Steve was studying himself in the mirror and slowly swiped the razor over his skin, his movements measured and well practiced. If it weren’t for the dried blood that crusted his lower lip, as well as the bruises and cuts that mapped his face, one could almost believe this was an everyday shave.
“Yeah, well,” Tony drawled. “I’m trying to wrap
“However much we could’ve dealt with this differently…” Steve went on haltingly. “It wouldn’t have escalated like this if it hadn’t been for Zemo. We’ve made decisions the other couldn’t really agree with before. Killian… Pierce… we had our disagreements, and I’m convinced we would’ve sorted this out, too. I—I spent a long while thinking all of this through, and yes, you should’ve told me as soon as you knew about the Accords, but I should’ve also listened to you more when you tried to reason with me. In my book, we were both at fault.”
Steve snorted before he could help himself. “I hope so. Otherwise this relationship is not something I look forward to.”
hot?"
Steve rolled his eyes and heaved a breath of exasperation. “That’s where you wanna take this? Really?”
He grimaced when he spotted the burn-mark on the guy’s leg, but there was nothing to be done about it. He needed to get past.
Soon after, Steve was decently stretched, so Tony added more lube, and yet another finger. By now, Steve had dug his feet into the mattress, shallowly shoving back on the fingers. He wasn’t moving with him in earnest, but it seemed he couldn’t keep still anymore either.
“Could you be anymore smug?” Tony murmured.
, really, but that was a whole other matter.
, if Tony was honest with himself, his heart was already much more involved than he’d wanted it to be. And if Steve ended up deciding that while the sex was pretty great, a relationship with him would be too complicated after all, well…
Tony snorted, despite himself. “No. We’re most definitely not.”
Tony hummed, dropping his head on Steve’s shoulder. “Worth it, though.”
Only a few meters away, Wanda and Pietro were trailing behind them.
“Like I told you the day we met,” Tony said and tried for a smile. “All of me is God-given.”
that, of course. Loved that Steve never held back with his feelings, these days. That surely hadn’t always been the case, and even months into their relationship, Steve sometimes had had that look on his face, as if he wasn’t really sure if he deserved all of this.
TS 3:02 A.M.>Went to a party. Declined several offers & went home sad and alone. Hope you’re happy
Immediately, he raised his son into the air, laughing and pressing kisses against his cheeks. “You can
“Nebula, no,” the green woman said, clutching the blue woman’s arm.
There was a wet plop. “It’s March.”
raised in the air,
His mind was racing, and a part of him didn’t want to believe Steve’s words. Didn’t want to once more get his hopes up with Steve and then have him crushing them afterwards…
Strange nodded. “Yes.”
Natasha sighed. “I’m here because this is where I’m needed. I’m not on your side on this. And I’m not on Steve’s.”
, but you also have to understand why I’m doing this.” He made a vague motion in the direction their surroundings. “This is proof why we need to do what we do.”
For a beat, Steve remained stock still, his whole body seemingly freezing. But then, his hands shifted and he was pulling Tony in, angling his head just right. The next thing Tony knew, Steve nipped at his lips with blunt teeth until he opened up for him, and it was as if they had been
“No,” Tony confirmed, his voice clipped. “No results. Just yet another meeting.”
The words echoed back and forth in Tony’s mind, and it took him an embarrassing amount of concentration to work through whatever Wilson was implying with that. And when he did, was was well and truly stunned.
Blood dribbled down his hand, the rifle tearing into his palm, as if his fingers refused to pull the trigger on their own accord. He didn’t blink, though, didn’t look away from the man in the middle of his target cross. He'd known him, once upon a time.
He scribbled a couple of names on the left side of the board and a few more on the right. "Anyone wanna share their thoughts?"
“Did you run a facial recognition yet?”
Steve sighed, steering the motorcycle on the next drive-up, heading for Langston instead of home. It was an unusually quiet morning in Washington, and he was thankful for that. There were breaking points, and then there were Breaking Points. This clearly was the latter and he supposed, taking one thing at a time was likely the easiest way to get through the next days. He’d need to wrap up a few things at SHIELD before going back to New York. He’d have to talk to Rumlow, Coulson and Clint. Make them understand why he needed to leave for the time being.
Steve was all warmth. Warm and wiggling… and very obviously aroused.
Steve raised a brow at him. “Reciting the Constitution? Not sure how that will help now.”
“Yeah, that’s… reasonable,” Tony conceded with a nod, taking a small step back. “I swear to God, being near you is turning me into a teenage-hormone-bomb, again.”
Right in front of them, Thanos’ lifeless body lay on the floor, the fluorescent lights of the Infinity Stones blazing down on him, exposing his grotesque alien features.
Scott only smiled amusedly and waved him off. “Not exactly my first time.”
It had to be some sort of misinterpretation—that was all.
Nothing. Steve drew in an unnecessary breath, hardly aware of the moisture clouding his eyes. The tension wrought in his body tightened rather than released.
“Whatever you’ve said to him on those conventions probably hasn’t sold very well in the long run, Stark,” Bucky said on the comm-lines, making Tony huff in return.
