“You better prepare for one.”
Charlie had told him, while browsing magazines for inspirational purposes, that she had always wanted a fall wedding and her fiancée was also very enthusiastic about the suggestion.
“There are. But I’ve always wanted to live in America. I belong here.”
When they had returned to their cabin Dean received a picture from Cas. It showed him sleeping on an unfamiliar couch. One hand was under his head, serving as pillow, the other one above his heart. His shirt had ridden up a bit, exposing the tan skin of Cas’s stomach.
“You’re pissed at him.”
“I’d like to,” Cas says, lips turned up into a broad grin.
Beautiful, perfect Dean. A smile from him is like a tender kiss on bruised skin. It takes away at least some of the pain. He loves how Dean’s eyes twinkle when he laughs. Usually, though, it’s someone else who caused the joy radiating from his face, but it doesn’t matter as long as Cas gets to witness it.
“Grieg,
“He’s speaking very fondly of you too,” she said. “Anyway, I have to go now. It was nice talking to you, Dean. Bye, Cas!”
He’s sick, so sick. He wants to throw up but he can’t because that’s not something angels do. Unless they’re injured, of course.
“Sure, why?” Cas brushes him off.
“Cas, why didn’t you tell me? That’s wonderful,” Dean said and wrapped his arms around him. “I’m so proud of you,” Dean told him and, despite his father sitting right there with them at the table, kissed him.
His hand moves lower, sneaking around to Cas’s back, and pulls the shirt out of his slacks so he is finally able to touch skin.
“You’ve already said more than I’m used to,” Dean retorts and Cas bites his tongue for a moment.
Cas shakes his head. “Haven’t gotten to it yet. I was busy building this stage here for the 4
“Dean, I love you. Nothing in my life has ever been as important to me as you are. I would give up more than my tail and my magic if it meant getting to be with you.”
“Ugh, Dean, gross!”
Dean says, getting furious at the way he said it, “his name is Cas, you know that.
Dean eyes grew wide at that. “You…? You want to…? Okay…”
“Hey, I just meant to say that’s a cool shirt, is all.”
“Cas, hey, I said it’s cool,” Dean says and tries to get ahold of him but Cas brushes him off and makes a run for his room.
“You like it?”
“Thanks for letting me drive your car and, well, the other thing,” Dean said when they had arrived at his car.
They don’t drink the whole bottle, though. Cas doesn’t need a wine hangover so soon again and Dean isn’t worth it anyway. He hates him. No. He hates that he doesn’t hate him and that he isn’t able to keep his feelings under control.
Sam turns to Eileen and asks her to repeat it.
“Fuck yeah!” Dean moaned and Gunnar, in response, pulled him down the length of the backseat until Dean’s upper body was lying flat, his knees bent at the end. With a lot of unwieldy shifting Gunnar got rid of his pants. He quickly removed a lubed condom from its wrapper and rolled it over Dean’s cock. He sunk down slowly, letting out a sigh and Dean exhaled a ‘Fuuuck!’ at the tight sensation that Gunnar’s asshole was, hands clasping at the backrest and bench. It was so completely different from sex with Lisa, he thought, but not any less arousing.
Dean sighed in relief. “Thank you, Cas.”
“But I could. Because I’m a tough dude who’s not afraid to get his hands dirty.”
“You’re saying they just patiently let someone rip their eyes out?”
Dean doesn’t need this. He knows exactly who he loves and he also knows that he can never be with him. Ever. It’s impossible. He’s just some fucked up guy and Cas is a powerful celestial being, older than Earth itself and even a tiny glimpse at his true form could make Dean’s head explode.
“Don’t be,” Cas reassures him, “I have questions, too.”
There he was now, watching the busses rear lights as the vehicle disappeared behind a building. This had been their last chance and they had missed it.
“Are you gonna show me your room?” Cas asks when they’re outside in the hallway.
Hannah walks right behind him as Dean heads outside and then they stand next to each other on the sidewalk, acknowledging they’re not alone but also too self-conscious to try and start a talk all over again.
“I’m not gay,” is all Dean can say.
“The house is haunted.”
If Cas wants to stay hidden, however, then Dean should let him. He’ll come around. Maybe. He shouldn’t continue to force unwanted help unto him. The last time it almost cost him his life. There’s nothing he can do but go home. He’s dead tired anyway, now that the adrenalin is wearing off. His almost-drowning feels like forever ago. Too much for one day. He could fall asleep right here on his feet like a horse.
“Pancakes it is then,” Dean concludes and orders a plate for each of them.
Now he’s sulking. Dean hates how Sam reacts every time Emma’s name comes up, like he’s jealous or something. When they were kids it was always Sam this, Sam that, poor little Sammy. He loves his brother but sometimes he’s still acting like the spoiled brat he used to be. Sam always got the things Dean had been denied when he was his age but Dean didn’t mind because Sammy was precious and even as a child he only wanted what’s best for his younger brother. Sam should have had everything Dean couldn’t. Unlike him, Sam graduated high school with honors, went to college and even got into vet school. The latter he could only afford because Dean helped pay for it—and that’s the catch: Sam doesn’t know about this. He made their mom promise not to tell Sammy anything. Sam would’ve declined and taken a fulltime job to pay off his loan and he would’ve never finished vet school and everything he had worked for so hard would’ve been for nothing.
“Can’t you just come and do this with me? It would be so much easier if I had some emotional support.”
“Charlie, please tell me what to do!” he begged. “I don’t know whether to ask Cas about the roommate thing or not. I’m confused because I may still be having feelings for him and I don’t think I could platonically live with Cas while being in love with him.”
“Yeah, we were strolling around the city a bit and having an early lunch. It was good, actually. We are not as different as I thought.”
Asking seems so easy in theory but the request doesn’t make it past his lips. All that comes out is a feeble sigh.
“Aaand,” Dean lifts his hands from Castiel’s eyes, “there she is. As good as new. No. Better than new.”
Dean’s knees felt weak. He loved when she did that. “See you tomorrow,” he said and went to his room.
“So, I’d like to come back to our conversation from before?” Cas said when he had returned back into the house.
“I never used any words that could be considered ‘filthy.’”
this happening but he’s not complaining either.
Nothing.
Dean is in the bathroom while Cas changes into his sleeping attire in the living room. When he gets there to brush his teeth he notices that Dean is already in his pajamas as well. It’s the first time he sees him with only a T-shirt on.
Mick takes a breath as if to say something but before he’s able to, Cas is back with two beers.
“You know, we haven’t really talked yet,” she tried further to start a proper conversation. “We’re having pizza tonight at Dean and Benny’s dorm. Wanna join us?”
Cas really enjoyed the service. He usually didn’t attend Mass anywhere but home, yet he couldn’t come up with a good reason for why he hadn’t come here before. Later, Rachel invited him to lunch with her friends and Cas said he would meet them after he’d be done confessing. Luckily, the priest—Father Theodore, as he’d learned—had time for him and gave Cas the opportunity to unburden himself. He didn’t go into much detail, yet enough that it was clear why he had to confess. What he’d done was wrong; he’d wronged his best friend and even though God might forgive him, he wasn’t sure he could ever forgive himself. Still, he felt much better afterwards and joined his new friends to have lunch with them. It was a group of welcoming, decent people that embraced him with warmth. Like Cas they were devout Catholics, thriving as they engaged in the good work the church did for others. For the first time in a very long while he felt like he actually belonged.
Cas is still sitting right next to him so their faces are quite close when Dean says this, the golden specks in his irises shimmering, even though they’re beneath a shade, when a shy gaze meets Cas’s from under long lashes.
Dean sat on the couch with the little girl on his lap. Then he made her stretch her arms to the side and slowly let go. “Dean, be careful,” Cas urged him.
“Oh, right,” Cas breathes, “I always forget. It’s okay with me if it’s okay with Dean.”
“So there
Cas proceeds to inspect the bathroom. It is surprisingly clean, save for the mold at the edge of the tub. He turns on the faucet by the sink to check if the water is fresh and not brown and muddy or whatever. The jet is a bit weak, probably due to calcification, and every now and then there’s a wailing sound from the air in the pipes which dies down soon, but otherwise it seems to be working just fine.
“Maybe she found out and only tried to protect him.”
Whatever was going on between them right now, Cas loved him, Dean was certain of that. They would have to talk about the incident. Maybe Dean was worried for nothing and Cas, too, had been in love with him all along, too frightened that Dean could reject him.
Cas presses his eyes closed, like he’s fighting a fight of his own inside his head. He’s panting, then groaning. “No!” He shoves Dean away from him. “I can’t do this. I’m done,” he says, “I’m done pretending.” He starts looking around, then, “I need to get out of here.”
“I know. Cas told me.”
“I feel so stupid,” Dean said.
“Go,” Cas says. “I’ll stay here.” There’s a sly smile on his face and Dean feels a sudden urge to kiss it.
“Please, just try to accept Cas as he the person he is. I know how it can be not to have full support from a family member and it would make me really sad if you couldn’t—”
“You like him too?” Benjamin asks.
As it turns out, that’s not all his brother brought with him.
“Can I ask you something?” Dean says then.
“I thought we were gonna kiss.”
Cas must have gotten into his head or something because this is not him. It’s way too stuffy in here all of a sudden and Dean feels like he’s choking so he rushes to the bathroom, hoping that it’s a bit cooler in there, maybe also to drink some tap water.
Balthazar’s contribution to the conversation is to place champagne in front of each of them.
“And how well do you know Mrs. Graham?”
“I was thinking, maybe, horseback riding? Could I make a trip to a ranch or something, borrow a horse for a few days, go camping or so?”
“He’s lying,” he says, on the verge of tears. “Dean, please, you have to believe he’s lying.”
He has no idea what it is but he wants to find out.
“But we only have one camera,” Cas points out.
“Yeah, and when we finally reconciled I thought it’d be best to never bring that night up again.”
“This is not about Cas being over her. It’s how you handled the whole situation—you’re an inconsiderate prick!”
"Where will you go?"
“Cas, what—”
Cas swallows hard. “I’m just…confused. I never thought you’d—I like you too, Dean.”
“But he said he didn’t know you were running for this job either. So you went behind his back as well.”
“Sir, I’m sorry, but you need to order something to eat if you want to stay any longer,” the waitress told him after he had been at the diner for a while already.
“Dean… What does Cassie even have to say to this? By the way, congratulations on the engagement.”
Why isn’t Cas objecting to having the British prick’s tongue pushed down his throat? He knows Cas isn’t gay or anything because he has an ex-girlfriend and he’s got a proper man’s job and…. Is this even real?
“Bye, Dean! See you later,” he called and Dean briefly waved his hand without looking up from his computer.
“Dean, what?”
“That’s not a particularly good memory for me, Dean…but yes. I liked waking up next to you.”
“I’m getting deported because I was stupid enough to lose my job before I could obtain a Green Card.”
Now that was new to him. Cas never mentioned that he’d like to have sex for the first time. The last time they talked about this Cas wasn’t ready.
“Hey, uh, you want some?” Dean asked, gesturing with his bottle.
“The bathroom lamp had a loose connection. It should work now,” Dean says.
Meg sticks out her tongue. “Bah!”
He stands up and turns towards Dean. “I guess you’re right—we’re not friends. And I suppose we never were.” Then he takes his plate and walks away.
“What do you mean by that?”
“Oh, sorry to hear that,” Dean murmured. “Do you think maybe he’d be less pissed if you came to see him in Indiana?”
“Oh, hi Meg. Yes, my friend Dean from college,” Cas confirmed.
When Dean got home that night, he found his mother sitting at the kitchen table. Her eyes were red as if she’d been crying. He was familiar with the sight of his mom after she’d cried, even though she’d always done her best to hide it. But his parents had been divorced for four years now and Mary never cried about the end of her marriage anymore.
They spend the day like every other day since they came here, even though Sam and Jack have gone on an adventure of their own…which leaves him here with Cas. Cas who, not pausing their routine, begins their lazy beach day with putting cream on his back, and Dean doesn’t admit how much he’s come to enjoy this part of their vacation. Cas has always made sure to take care of him but Dean still doubts he deserves this amount of affection. Today, though, Cas doesn’t seem to stop. If Dean didn’t swat away his hand, Cas would’ve rubbed sunscreen on every inch of his skin and Dean can only accept this much tenderness in a certain period of time.
Cas face heated up as soon as Dean’s words had left his mouth, his ears suddenly appearing to be on fire.
Dean shoots up from his mattress. A quick look on his phone tells him that it’s almost eleven o’clock. Cas must think he forgot about him, or worse, that he doesn’t want to see him again. “Shit,” Dean utters and hopples, with one leg in his jeans, around the room to find a shirt to put on.
“Care to tell me now why you were there in the first place, in the nude?”
“Dean, I want you to be my friend for as long as this lasts. We have to live with each other after all. I know we shouldn’t get too attached but so far this marriage has been going very well.” Then, hopeful, he asks, “So, friends?”
“Do you know how to use it?”
“You can’t do what?” the priest asked in confusion.
mentions of John Winchester's A+ parenting
Castiel’s hands are shaking. He’s wet and cold and might be about to have a panic attack.
“You have coffee breath,” Cassie whispered against his mouth.
“I know,” the guy says.
“But who am I telling this… You’ve got wings! You’re probably no stranger to flying. Sure, if I had control myself, this would be very different for me. But on an airplane my life is in the hands of a stranger. A qualified stranger, I hope, but I’d rather grow wings than get on such a thing ever again.”
The Novak family Christmas dinner was held in an extended version this year. In addition to Cas, his parents and siblings came Meg, her parents and her brother. She looked happy and the ring that Michael had bought her blinked on her finger.
Dean was getting antsy and messaged Cas about when he had time. Cas told him to come over at six when his roommate would have left for the library.
“Hey, look who’s there,” Dean says then and Cas turns to see Claire entering the kitchen.
Balt pulls him to the side with one arm, smacking a kiss on the side of his head. Annoyed as he might be in a normal situation, Dean’s reply now is big smile. He’s just so happy and he’s glad to see Balt and Rowena feel the same way for Cas.
When they’re done making plans, they find Meg outside, leaning against Cas’s borrowed truck, curling her hair between two fingers as she’s chatting with Benny.
Cas’s eyes light up when he sees him. They’ve been doing this a lot lately. Cas has been smiling more in the past month than in the first half year of their marriage. It’s surely because Cas has a regular engagement again. He’ll be back on stage soon and Dean knows how much he’s missed this. It’s so good to finally see him happy and self-assured. Cas is a professional and Dean never doubted his potential to make a comeback.
“You guys know each other?” Jody interjects.
“Cas, wait,” Dean said and walked over to him. He stared at him for a moment and then folded his arms around Cas’s back, hugging him tightly. Cas hesitated for a second, but then he returned the embrace and leaned into it, their heads brushing against one another.
Dean gapes at her before she storms off to browse through the racks.
“Just like that? He’s still out there somewhere. Maybe he’s still alive.”
It’s past noon already when they arrive at the diner they told Sam to meet him at. Good for Dean, though, who is in desperate need for a decent portion of fat, they serve breakfast all day long. He orders eggs and bacon and sausage and Sam would certainly give him a lecture about how he’s getting too old to pump his body full with cholesterol but when he gets there, Dean has already eaten up.
“The little girl, with curly hair, who makes tea parties with all the plushies I got her…”
They sit on Balthazar’s sofa after Cas has been offered and denied some tea.
“Oh Cas, I’m so sorry,” Dean said.
“Don’t be shy,” Dean continues after a minute. “How about you tell us your name first? My name is Dean, who are you?”
“Yeah, you do. I won’t come to him with a peace offering or anything. Not happening. He may be good at his job but he’s still an awful person.”
He drives until it gets dark. There's a neon sign at the side of the road directing him to a bar and grill. He's been on the road for a while now and he could really use a burger and a beer.
do you like vintage cars?”
He flushes. He knows he doesn’t exactly have a six-pack but Castiel insulting his physique is too much to take for his pride.
Dean stops. “You do?”
Dean’s heart somersaults in his chest. She’s got no idea how much her words mean to him. His mom likes Cas, at least as his friend, so that’s a start.
“What did your family say when you told them you had a teenage daughter?”
“You’re the reason I’m still here and got the chance to work with the people I am now.”
“Yes, I am,” he says and signals them to finally come inside. “You sound surprised.”
“I should have ended it here. It was a perfect ending.” They all turn to see Chuck standing behind them. “But you couldn’t just leave it there, could you? And whose fault was it, huh?
“Do you, maybe, want to come upstairs, have a coffee or so?” Cas asks.
Cas’s hands on him felt so good and warm—they felt like home. Those thoughts were abruptly torn away from him when Cas strongly sucked at his cock while moving upwards until letting go of it with a
He looked up to Cas who was starting to panic and gestured with his hands at his throat, signaling him he couldn’t breathe.
Jumping from the couch, Castiel pronounces, “Would you show me around? I gather you live near the woods.” Apparently, their heart-to-heart is over.
Cas hitched a silent breath and automatically backed away from her. “You know?”
“Was that your daughter?” Dean asks as he follows Cas into the kitchen.
“Yeah, okay,” Dean breathes and takes a few steps forward until he’s only three feet away from the table. His heart is racing.
“Yep. My fault for going there,” Sam says, shaking his head and Dean is proud of himself for finding a way to shut him up about this.
“But…it’s been like this ever since I bought the car.”
“Woah, hey, that’s my man,” Dean said jokingly and took his turn at hugging her after she’d let go of Cas. “It’s so good to see you,” he said. “But why did you have to bring him?”
“A few,” Sam says.
“Um, yeah,” Cas starts, “I have an appointment with, uh, Mr. Winchester? I’m Cas Novak.”
“I’m talking about Claire,” Cas says.
“I won’t,” Dean grumbles.
They blend into the crowd as Dean observes Mick’s every move. He only just met that guy and he dislikes him already.
At least he didn’t have to worry about Meg having to face a creep like him right now. Oh, he missed her.
“Only been waiting for you,” Sam says, “what did you pack?”
“Does it look like I’m kidding? Didn’t you just see it with your own two eyes?”
This week has been *exhausting* and it feels like a wild dream now that I've actually had Monday off. However, I got some writing done then and this fic is mostly finished now. As you might have noticed (probably not but now I've told you) the chapter count has gone up to 12 because the last part got longer than I thought and I decided to split the chapter.
“No, no, absolutely not. I was just thinking about how I used to take Claire to the arcade on Second Street when she was little. You know that one? Though, I think it’s been shut down since then,” Cas says, abruptly starting to stir his coffee for no reason and hoping they haven’t changed the subject since the last time he actually listened.
“Uh, you know, I’m kinda tired of mom right now and I could use a night away from her.”
His heartbeat it picking up the pace. “I love you,” Dean says, voice trembling, and then the water around Cas erupts a blinding white light and as suddenly as it started, it’s over.
“I was in love with you, too, when we were in college,” Dean confessed.
He leads them further down to the shore, the street lights only a weak shimmer in the distance now, and high above the ocean a full moon illuminates the night. Dean can taste the salt in the air and his heart is pounding heavily in his chest. This is where he’s longed to be for so long. Well, not exactly here, in this small town by the coast in Italy, but
Cas pulls Meg away from Benny, opens the door for her and ushers her inside the truck.
Luckily, his encounter with the security guard hadn’t had any aftermath and he never saw the guy again during the day. Even the old ladies weren’t bothered by his presence any longer and now just seemed to ignore him. He had become as much a part of this place as the headstones, the plants and animals, and Castiel.
The lights begin to flicker as soon as she’s finished the question. It’s getting colder.
He needs to boost his confidence a little before doing this. And Cas’s brew will help with that.
“Dean?” Aaron had become quite serious.
“The thing with his girlfriend sucks. You looked so cute together,” she said after a while.
“The air was getting really thick in there,” Dean says.
Later, he hears that this year’s winner, a guy, came dressed as Axl Rose in a full-on eighties look and Dean is satisfied. When it’s past ten, he and Benny decide to close their exhibition and mingle with the rest of the festival guests, Benny soon finding his fiancée Andrea. Dean only sticks with them very briefly before stalking off on his own. So far he hasn’t run into anyone he knows but Donna or Cas or someone else is surely around.
“Hey,” he said as casual as he could when he sat next to Cas on the couch.
“Yes, sorry, you were saying?”
“I’ve paid for your college tuition. Your scholarship didn’t cover enough for mom to do it all on her own. And I paid for vet school as well.”
When the friction of having Cas close doesn’t seem to do it for Dean any longer, his hand sneaks between them and he starts to jerk off and Cas is glad he’s doing so because he doubts he can last much longer. He goes faster, listening for Dean’s breathing to falter, and then, finally, he tenses under him and he can feel him spilling between them, all warm, and all Cas focuses on is coming and his cock is so fucking hard, thrusting into Dean, and then he’s there, almost there, and
Cas wonders how much more he can drink to maintain the right balance between a numbing buzz and the level of intoxication that’ll make him embarrass himself. He hates it here. Everyone seems to be having a good time but him.
His daughter is sitting on his porch steps when he arrives at the house.
“Oh, met someone?” He grins.
“You know,” he begins, “you really had me there for a moment with all the friends crap. But actually you’ve been going behind my back all along.”
Dean asked the receptionist to hand him the dahlia he was going to wear on his lapel and then waited for Cas to receive his key card before getting onto the elevator with him. As it turned out, Cas’s room was on the same floor as his.
“This place is definitely haunted!”
“Alright,” the guy says and walks over to the door. “Guess we’re not exchanging phone numbers.”
“I told her she could keep the things she wore for the photo shoots after they were done. Sadly, this never happened. The poor girl died before they were finished.”
“Well, I did the job…or what could be done. Like I said, it’s probably a raccoon scavenging from your garbage. Might have to put something heavy on the lid,” Rufus says, gets up and empties his whiskey. “I’m off,” he declares and takes the bottle with him.
This can’t be happening. It can’t be. Cas feels like the world is turning upside down, like the rug has been pulled from under his feet.
“Dean?” she asked. “What did your father do?”
Dean also had no need to worry about their relationship. They were great together, even his dad every once in a while asked how Cas was when they talked on the phone.
Jody informed him at breakfast that she’s joining him on his trip and Cas is very much looking forward to it. Also, time had come to say goodbye to Cesar and Jesse as they will be staying in Uruguay for a few weeks and won’t take the MS Amara homeward again. The Klines, on the other hand, have let him know they are definitely going to be back on the ship and Cas is dreading the thought of having to share his table with just the two of them but is hopeful Charlie will be able to handle his situation and have him seated with other people.
Dean bit his lower lip as he tried to come up with one for a brief second and blew out the light. Cas watched him, satisfied. “You better eat now before it gets cold. I’ll get you a cup of coffee.”
Yet, he found himself next to Cas again a few minutes later at the bar where drinks where ready for the guests to take. “What, aren’t you allowed to get at least one drink?” Dean asked Cas who was picking a glass filled with orange juice.
… I missed you.”
Dean enters the house after his brother and Cas follows suit, staying closely behind him. It’s taking a lot out of him to not just grab Dean’s hand as they carefully move further inside the house.
“And how do we get to her?”
“Cas, you can tell us,” Sam says and Cas is surprised by how comforting his voice sounds.
“Don’t you have to work?” Her behavior confuses him.
“Alright, Cas, wanna tell me where you’re from?”
“Thank you. I appreciate that,” Cas said.
Dean felt sick all of a sudden. How could Cas even think something like this?
“Mom,” said Dean who had just returned from the bathroom. “Don’t. Just don’t, okay? If dad wants to say sorry to Cas, he ought to do it himself. You’re not responsible for him.”
“Won’t you come inside?” Dean says when Cas doesn’t finish the sentence. He looks like he’ll pass out any second.
“I guess it’s advantageous that you’ll have already experience in ministerial assistance,” Charlie said.
“She likes you, you know,” Dean says. He can’t hold back a grin.
“I’m fine with that. But how are you gonna explain being stuck to me to your family?”
“Don’t worry, Dean. You do what you have to do. I’ll be here as long as you need me. Or, well, until Claire says she wants to go home. But I think she’s already made a friend in Emma.”
“I’d definitely do Gamora,” Charlie stated somewhere in the middle of the film.
They were silent for a minute.
“Where did it go?” Dean says, searching the floor.
Cas follows him as he walks towards the other’s sand castle construction site. “Where did you get that?” Sam asks when he sees what Dean is carrying.
“Dean,” Cas laughs, walking blindly up to his car, Dean behind him.
“You’re easy to impress,” Dean notices with a smirk. It’s kind of mesmerizing to watch Castiel’s sheer fascination. He must be from a big city with all pavement and tall buildings and traffic jams.
“Uh, you know, been busy.”
“I feel you…couldn’t imagine living anywhere else either. I mean, not everything’s perfect but what place is, huh?”
“Nope, sorry.”
“Mister Nowak?” the woman says.
“You must be really old,” Dean says and only barely refrains from face-palming.
“Dean, we don’t have time—”
“Guys, I’m ready!”
“Until two years ago, I didn’t know I even had a daughter,” Dean says and Cas hadn’t expected that. “One day, this teenager walks into my office at the shop and asks, ‘Are you Dean Winchester?’ and I said something in the likes of, ‘Yes, I am, sweetie. You sure you’re not in the wrong place? I wouldn’t recommend these cars here for someone with a learner’s permit.’ She didn’t respond well to that. She looked really angry, crossed her arms over her chest and then she said, ‘Are you an Aquarius who enjoys long walks on the beach?’ and that really confused me ‘cause that was my go-to pick-up line when I was in my early twenties.”
Dean, Charlie, Benny, Gilda and Ash made a trip to the North Carolina coast, splitting the costs for a vacation rental. The weather was good and they made long walks on the beach during the day, enjoying the warmth of a strength-gaining spring sun and a mild breeze that brought ashore the smell of the ocean. Ash and Benny tried to build a sandcastle but failed due to the lack of proper tools. In the end it was more of a wall enclosing a mostly rectangular space with four higher parts at the corners supposed to be watchtowers which Ash and Benny decided to call a fort.
Cas feels drowsy when the credits roll and really doesn’t want to think of sleeping in his spook house tonight. The mattresses are still in the living room and he can’t possibly ask Dean to have another sleepover. Dean deserves to sleep in his own bed in his own house for once.
“Sounds great,” Sam says.
“Dean, do you even hear yourself? I get that you had feelings for him when we were in college and wished for something like this to happen, but it never did. You just imagined that Cas felt the same way about you. Otherwise something would have happened, I’m sure. And you never told him you loved him, right? So why would he act like that now? You were probably just tired and drunk.”
Never before has Dean let himself feel, not like this, has repressed more than a person should have to bear and now he feels...everything.
Dean withdraws slightly and Cas’s wet lips feel suddenly very cold. “What was that?” he asks. His hands have somehow found their way onto Dean’s hips but he doesn’t seem to mind.
He decides to just go for nicely fitting black jeans, boots, T-shirt and a blue plaid shirt. Dean wanted to keep it casual after all and Cas knows he looks good in this outfit.
“Don’t. It’s not your fault,” Cas replied as he comfortingly rubbed his back.
“God, Cas, you’re perfect,” Dean said, grabbed Cas by the back of his head and forcefully crushed their lips together. “You gotta fuck me when we’re home.”
Dean leads them through a hallway which ends in a spacious kitchen with a dining area at the other end. It smells delicious in here.
Cas had looked so sad and pitiful when he had told Dean his story, yet his choice to offer him hospitality didn’t come from his motivation to be a good Samaritan or whatever. He still considered Cas a friend—after all those years, after all Cas had done to him.
It was creepy lingering right at the door while Cas was in there showering, naked, so Dean left to bring some order into the guestroom—Cas’s room.
Cas, however, graces him with another smile and says, “I’d like to.” Then he takes a deep inhale and turns towards the keyboard again. “But right now I need to practice some more. So, if you could, maybe…”
“This all you’ve got?” he asked when he saw Cas’s small suitcase.
Dean was resting his head on Aaron’s chest as the other worked on gradually getting a finger inside him. Eventually it was all the way in and found Dean’s prostate. Dean noticed this with a gasp and started thrusting against Aaron again while he kept paying attention to stimulating Dean otherwise.
“No further discussion, Dean. We’re going. You don’t have to pretend to be totally into ballet but at least give it a chance, okay? Also, I’d really like you to see our city’s performing arts center for once. I assume you’ve never been there?” Dean stays silent which is conformation enough for Cas. “The architecture is really impressive, trust me. And by the way, there’ll be free drinks and finger food afterwards.”
“No!” he blurts. He doesn’t think he can ever go back there.
“I’m sorry, who? I don’t know a Hannah.”
“Not yet, no.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Mary remembers now. She was already pregnant with Sam. It was a Sunday and John had taken Dean to the park so she could have some quiet time to herself. Dean was a good kid but also very lively and attached to her. Barely an hour passed without something he needed to show or tell his mommy and this could be exhausting. Soon she was going to have two of those, she thought. And twice as many kids meant more expenses which meant more hours John would spend at the garage and even less time he would spend looking after the kids.
Dean brought up his last remaining strength to point a finger at the pink panties that were lying next to him on the floor.
“How dare she!” he mocks.
“So you killed them,” Cas remarked. “You almost killed my husband!”
And so the two couples rented a house close to the beach again, like in their freshman year, and another year passed where Cas didn’t see it, despite Dean’s promise. He had probably forgotten about it anyway.
“Agreed,” Dorothy said.
“It’s wet, I know,” Dean says, “but I got to make you look decent.” The man says nothing.
Marina Ruiz, thirty-five years old, photographer, was found in the middle of her living room, lying face down on the carpet. “The neighbor in the apartment beneath her said he heard some bumping from above during the time she must have died but when it stopped as abruptly as it had started, he didn’t think of it anymore and only recalled the noises when the deputy came to get his statement.”
“Hey, babe, maybe we take a little break, get some more chips and beer,” Dorothy suggested, trying to avoid conflict.
“Breathe, don’t tense,” he says, a slick finger circling Dean’s rim.
Then, she says, “And when you’re famous, I can say I’m the one who discovered you.”
“Okay?”
“Oh, shit, I’m sorry. At least you don’t appear to worry about money.”
“Told you so.”
“Dean, it’s okay,” Cas comforted him softly, framing his friend’s face with his hands. Dean mirrored the motion and knocked their foreheads together.
“Here is your key card. Your room is on the fourth floor. Also, the bride wants you to know she is awaiting you in her dressing room as soon as you’re settled.”
“Wow, I don’t know what to say. You were very brave to do that.”
He didn’t notice another one coming up behind him but he can feel Dean stepping in his way and shielding him from the attacker.
“Dean?”
“Oh,” Cas says, raising both brows, “it was…something. Grammy-worthy. You should seriously consider getting into music.” They both laugh at that.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ah, of course,” the man says. “Well, I prefer the sauna, the other extreme.”
“Say goodbye?” Cas asks. “To whom?”
“Yes… It’s complicated,” he says. Why is he even talking to her about this?
“Is this good?”
Dean replies with a furrow of his brows. “How so?”
Cas gives him one quick peck again and then hooks his arm under Dean’s. “Deal,” he says, floating on air.
“He provoked me.”
Slowly, very slowly, Dean opened his eyes but was blinded by the light from above.
“Yes, Sam. I’m fine.”
drunk. Yet he totally blanks out on the guy’s name.
“Everything’s going to be fine, Charlie,” Cas said and rocked his body in a way that he hoped would comfort his friend a little.
A knock on the door startles him, the fantasy running through the fingers of his mind like sand, snatching the peace away from him. There’s another knock, loud, persistent. Dean sighs and untangles himself from Cas’s embrace, evoking a whimper from him. “I’ll be right back,” he says, quickly throwing on some clothes. It’s getting late, though. Whoever it is to disturb, Dean should probably thank them for the wake-up call.
Sam fills him in on how they teamed up with Rowena to rescue him from Asmodeus’ dungeon and that Arthur Ketch has returned from the dead as well.
When he gets to the shop on Friday, he’s being greeted by Benny.
“Happy birthday, Dean,” he said. “Make a wish.”
His husband is wealthy, yes, but would it have been too much to ask to marry someone he has got at least a few things in common with? Fake or not, they still have to live together.
He cups Castiel's face with his hand, his thumb stroking over Cas's cheek, and pulls him to his lips. The kiss is soft, careful, like even the slightest force could make it all burst like a bubble. Yet, when Dean opens his eyes, Cas is still there in his arms and, finally assured, he gives in, kissing Cas for real, deep, his hand combing through his hair, Cas gripping his back and shoulder tighter, pulling him as close as possible.
“Good,” Cas growls, contentment on his face.
The house is quiet when he gets home. He misses Cas already. He doesn’t feel like staying up much longer. Certainly not if getting up early means he’ll have more time to spend with Cas, so he goes to bed soon after a hot shower, imaging Cas’s strong arms around him.
Gunnar steered the car into an empty parking lot and switched places with Dean.
“Is that so?” Cas says.
Dean carelessly threw the cards he’d been holding onto the bed. “I give up. I need another drink.”
He released a content breath as he took in the sensation of the fine material on his ass and groin. God, this was amazing.
Everything was fine, so why would they need to know? He loved Dean, Dean loved him and they had finally gotten together and this certainly wasn’t anyone else’s business.
“Sure, I’m coming over to your dorm later,” Dean said. He had a hard time not falling asleep in this position, his legs on the bench, Aaron as his backrest.
Then,
“How so?”
“Seriously?” Dean raises his eyebrows in bewilderment.
Dean thought about that morning at the lake. The air in their tent had been filled with tension…the way Cas had been staring at him. It wasn’t just wishful thinking. Cas had wanted him right there.
The man stares at her like he has just been threatened.
“Yeah,” Dean said thoughtfully.
“Are you going with this Dean guy?”
When he was finally in the condition to go again, he found a patch of wild flowers blooming at Castiel’s feet.
Dean nodded, not sure how to respond.
“Yes,” he said. “I’m responsible for online distribution and I also help with the bookkeeping. My wife is running some errands but she’ll be back soon if you’d rather talk to her.”
They’re quiet for a moment and Cas watches Dean’s tongue poke out to wet his lips. His eyes meet Cas’s again and he decides to go for it. Slowly, he leans into Dean’s space, tilting his head a little to the right and he can hear Dean hitch a breath.
“Hm,” Cas says.
“I think it was good to have you to talk. You’ve taken away much of my fear of having sex. I still only have a vague idea of how this is going down but I know I want it.”
“Dean, is there something you want to tell Cas?”
Dean felt like his skin was on fire as he was holding onto Cas for dear life and he was convinced that his dick was still hard despite having come already but then he felt his arousal peak again and he came a second time, dry because there was nothing left inside him, and Cas, too, tensed in his arms and spilled wet heat into him.
Charlie was also present, but during
“I thought you’d like something to warm up,” Cas says.
“Cas is going on a trip with his church friends this year,” Dean pointed out. “So of course he won’t be coming with us.”
He can feel Cas’s intense stare burning on him. He’s nervous as well but Dean is fucking shaking. His heart is racing and his hands are sweaty. He balls them into fists.
“I’m happy to hear you have someone like Dean in your life. You should probably talk to him. He might have some good advice for you.”
“To take care of what, Dean?”
“This isn’t funny,” Cas whines weakly.
Hours have passed without any news—good or bad—and Dean wishes he hadn’t turned down the EMT guy’s offer of a blanket. He needn’t have waited here to find out what has become of the naked rock climber but somehow Dean felt like it was his obligation to stay here rather than going home and process what he witnessed today. When he looks up, he sees Sheriff Mills approaching him.
“I don’t think so.”
“Yeah, I know. But still…”
“I, uh,” he starts, glances down at Annabel, then back at Dean.
“Right?” Kelly squeaks. “Nothing compares to the love between a mother and her son.” She looks at him like she’s in love or something and a shiver runs through Castiel’s body. It’s better not to put too much thought into their disconcerting affection for each other.
“You mean the guy who’s getting busy with the girl with the dragon tattoo?” It’s the woman from the bar who so rudely rebuffed his casual talk and the guy she was with earlier.
“I hate you,” Dean says and puts down his plate in disgust.
“Enough,” he says, “that’s enough. Stop mothering me!”
“We should leave before it starts to snow again. Wanna help get the car snow-free?” he asks and Cas, in response, puts on his coat.
“We did. But in that moment I was too bewildered to put one and one together. Emma was so kind to help me out and she said, ‘You’re probably my father.’”
“Right…cheers,” he said, briefly lifting his champagne and downing half of it in one draw. “What about wine? Don’t you drink wine during Mass. The whole ‘the blood of Christ’ deal, I mean.”
“Yes, Dean, I’d like to watch Star Wars with you.”
“After closing time, yes,” Dean agreed.
“I won’t leave before I hear what I want.”
“Aw, I hate that I have to work today. I really love my job but on days like these I despise everything.”
“We?” Dean says and throws the sponge back into the sink. “There isn’t a
“You still alright?” Dean asked and after Cas had confirmed he was good, Dean continued to move the finger further into him. He had stopped blowing him but his free hand was still working his dick and Cas didn’t have to solely concentrate on the stretch in his asshole. Gradually, the slightly unpleasant feeling faded and Dean could easily fuck him with one finger. Then Dean added a second one and the stretch returned but passed as well. Dean worked considerately on loosening him up enough for his cock and when he pulled out, Cas knew he was finally going to feel Dean’s arousal inside him.
“Where is my flower crown?” Charlie asked.
“You know what I haven’t told you yet,” Dean says, trying to get Cas’s thoughts off whatever he’s worrying about right now—his career, so Dean assumes. “I have a job, a new one. A real job that I can actually live on.”
In response Cas pushes Dean’s hands of the way and starts to unbuckle his belt.
“You think so?” Jody asks and after a brief demonstration by Diego, she is the first one who gets to try out this kind of throwing weapon. She is supposed to spin the stones that are fixed to a rope in a way that the rope winds itself around a wooden pole in front of them.
“Also, we’ve always been around people who tried to make us believe premarital intercourse is bad, but I’m not convinced. It can’t be wrong if you’re cautious and respectful, that’s what I think.” The speed of his talking was rushed like he tried to get the words out before he became too mortified of their meaning to actually speak them.
“You don’t know that,” Dean says smugly, “you already caught my eye when you moved in and I can be very persistent.”
“It’s not the end of the world,” Dean soothes him.
“Don’t worry about him. A mild concussion is presumably the worst he’ll have to deal with.”
“How is he?” Amelia asks.
“Well, not that it’s any of your business, but I have tried. Nobody wants me, though. I don’t exactly have much to offer. Every shit job out there requires a college degree.”
“And Meg.”
“Dude, you should reassign for another roommate unless you wanna keep this going for the next three years.”
For a split second he could have sworn to see a sparkle in the angel’s eyes until he noticed that the sun had finally come out on this cloudy day and was now illuminating the statue in an eerie way, like God was giving him a nod from above.
“Really?” Dean says, forcefully knocking the bottle against the wooden surface of the table. “Who says we do? ‘Cause as far as I’m concerned, we’re done. There’s nobody left we could owe anything anymore.”
“Yeah, you’re right,” Dean murmurs and pats his brother’s knee over the bench.
Dean looked over to where Cas and Dorothy were still talking to the boat rental guy. “I’m not sure,” he said eventually. “I mean—uh. There was this moment…just briefly I thought… It probably meant nothing.”
“Maybe it’s the cultural differences but I think he comes off as a bit reserved.”
Cas notices sounds of turmoil in the distance. He doesn’t know what’s going on. Maybe they got Jack or Jack came here voluntary to save his father.
Every now and then he takes a picture with his phone, a few selfies, too, as proof that he was really here—
“I’m not judging you, Dean. But I think you really should come clear with Cas. As you said, living with him as friends when you want more would only be torture. Come to terms with your feelings and tell Cas what you want.”
The sea is calm today. The man Dean saw two days ago remains a mystery and he has been itching to investigate. Translating this traumatic experience into art helped but only time will tell if he got over it. He didn’t even know the man, never spoke to him. Still, there is a story behind all this and Dean is intent on making one up. He’s been speculating, not gotten over the theory that he must have come from a boat, maybe pirates had held him captive and he managed to escape only to find his demise soon after. Townsfolk think he might have been mentally ill which would explain the nakedness. Perhaps it wasn’t an accident after all. Dean is not a writer, no, though his drawings tell tales as well and this particular one he’s especially interested in, whatever it might be.
“Why were you at church?”
It took her a moment to process. “Cas?
They walk over to where Sam and Jack are still talking to Michael and Amara and Dean lays his free hand on Sam’s shoulder. “Let’s go home.”
“Good call,” Jody says, “as I’ve mentioned before, I have no idea where to put him anyway, except for a cell.”
“Yeah, maybe, though I don’t think he’d take much interest.” Cas has been asking about woodworking class every now and then but he’s probably just glad to get him out of the house a bit more and making friends of his own.
“Then why does everything feel so wrong now?”
When they got back to their motel room, they crawled into Cas’s bed together, Dean falling asleep being the little spoon. Yes, this was exactly how it should be. He did no longer mind the squeaky noises the bed made in response to every minor movement with his husband at his back. Soon they were going to return to memory foam anyway.
“Yes, sure, thanks,” Dean says.
“Work’s fine… Dean, why don’t you just tell me why you’re here?”
“And what about me?” Sam says, coming closer, his arms already open for Dean to walk right into the hug.
“Oh no,” Dean says then.
he noted and opened the box. Inside, in a nest of wrapping tissue, was a red pair of lace panties.
The summer before their final year in college was over much too soon and again Dean found himself at Duke in the room he was about to share with Cas for one last time. A lot of changes were awaiting them in the not so distant future and Dean didn’t know how close the first of those was for him.
He wants something, Cas is certain, but he doesn’t know what because Dean never spells it out.
“I mean it, Cas,” Dean says, searching for his eyes. “I will show you my world and take care of you.”
“Bullshit,” John muttered.
“So, I’m not sure if this is supposed to be shared, but you shouldn’t have to drink alone,” Dean told his dad.
“Really?” It’s the first time he put it on in Cas’s house—as far as he knows.
“So I’ll be winning. Good,” Dean says and pulls a deck out of his bag.
Dean lets out a laugh. “I know. I often can’t believe it myself.”
Sam looks amused as he slams the trunk shut.
“I’ve heard that Ashley got a modelling job from Mrs. Graham. What can I say, she is…was really hot. I’m not surprised. But I didn’t know who was supposed to take these pictures.”
“Please don’t tell me you got beaten up by that guy!”
“I wasn’t—”
The angel is still watching the bedroom.
Dean spotted Cas on the other end of the room. He was talking to a girl who was practically hanging on his lips. She appeared to be really into him and Cas didn’t look nervous at all when she playfully tipped his party hat to the side of his head.
“Yes. Well, they’re my foster children but I love them like they’re my own.”
“It was good. Really good. He thinks I should share this with my family as well…share how much you mean to me.”
“What if they hate me for what I’ve done?”
The sheriff nods. Her eyes glance towards the open bedroom door and Dean is expecting her to ask if she can take a look inside, for whatever reason. Instead she says, “Well, if he prefers to stay somewhere out there, then we have to let him. As long as he doesn’t bother anyone. I’ll tell my people to have an eye out for him and I’m going to check if anything comes up with the name but I highly doubt it.”
Well, this is going great. But he dialed the correct number. He checked it three times before hitting the call button. “Um, she met you at a bar a few weeks back. You were there with your brother or so? Anyway, I’m calling because of my car, a ’78 Lincoln Continental.”
“I promise I’ll brush my teeth before the wedding,” he said.
He rushes back to his room. Dean’s clothes are still there. Everything is. Except for Dean.
Sam rubs his hands down his face. “Dean, listen. It’s everyone! Everyone is gone but us.”
“Wanna hear a fun story?”
All Cas can do in response is nod and then follows him to where Jody is waiting by their luggage.
Along the pathway he found more flowers and picked the prettiest, leaving a bunch of them for his mom. The other half he crafted into a flower crown while he talked to his parents, sitting in the grass opposite their headstone. He wasn’t very skilled at making this but once he thought it would do, he wished his parents goodbye and walked until he reached Cas again.
However, in Cas’s case Dean didn’t even try to justify his father’s actions. He hurt Cas and Dean knew that. Cas, though, wasn’t angry. He understood the motivation behind Mr. Winchester’s interrogation and how proud he was of what Dean had achieved so far. If he were in his place, he would have probably reacted the same way. Cas just had no idea what to do with his life and hoped he would find an answer to that question soon enough.
So, whatever, time to study. He won’t be able to face his college student brother ever again if he fails his GED.
“It was a bit uncomfortable in the beginning,” Dean says, voice low, “but then it just felt good. I liked it.”
“Well, alright then, let’s talk about why we’re here. Linda, you’ve met Castiel.”
His frown doesn’t falter. “Why would she choose my form to appear before you?”
“Did you build these cabinets yourself?” Dean asks.
“Maybe it was from a car driving by,” Dean suggests.
“Have you never wondered, though, why you grow legs?”
“No, you don’t!” Cas raised a questioning eyebrow. “You’re feeling lost because you don’t know what else you’re supposed to do with your life and you think no-one will ever want to be with you, but that’s not true.”
“Yeah, my one and only,” the guy said.
Benny ended up acting as Cas’s substitute but Dean didn’t take a picture this year. It was mostly rainy, there was an hour-long power failure one evening due to a thunderstorm and the group had to stay in the house most of time, but even now Dean would have preferred Cas to be there with them. Cas, though, sent him a few images from what was called Saint Meinrad Archabbey and a selfie of him and Father Jim. Cas and the priest seemed to have better luck with the weather as there was sun and blue sky in every photo that had been taken outdoors.
Cas didn’t reply. He knew very well that all of Charlie’s words were the truth.
“I’m a waiter but, um, I’m taking my GED exams next week, so if all goes well, I might start looking for another job, one that pays better, I hope.”
Later that night, when Cas drops her off at home, Claire gives him an extra tight hug, drawing her mom’s attention.
Then she retreated, “Well, actually I haven’t.” She laughed. “You know, it’s so unfair that all the cool stuff mostly comes in men’s sizes. I have a few men’s shirts but even the smallest ones look huge on me. With underwear it’s even worse. I mean, sure, for girls there’s the standard stuff like Superman, Batman… Geek boys have it so much better when it comes to adequate clothing.”
A boy didn’t say that to another boy. Boys didn’t hug each other like they did. A boy wasn’t supposed to have crush on his best friend. Dean wasn’t supposed to have a crush on Aaron.
“Thank you, Dean.”
“Oh, you must be talking about Ms. Jody Mills,” Balthazar says.
“Not happening, Cas,” Dean says.
“Nah,” she says and shakes her head. “I like the idea. If you and Cas get married and if mom marries her boyfriend, I’ll have one dad and two step-dads. I think that’s a pretty great upgrade from having no dad at all.”
He mouthed at Dean’s cock through the fabric, making him even harder than he’d been before. His hot breath damped the satin and Dean buried his hands into Cas’s hair, signaling him to properly touch him already.
Dean isn’t listening. “When we came to see the chair—and keep in mind that this particular chair, Colonel Eldridge’s chair is said to never even collect dust—I swear the air around the chair was significantly cooler than anywhere else. And, very lightly though, I noticed a whiff of tobacco. The colonel’s ghost has been reported to sometimes be sitting in his chair and smoke his pipe.”
Dean doesn’t really know what to do with this kind of input but then he lays his hand on Cas’s back, earning a brief glance from him, and Jody is satisfied.
“I think I want to continue listening to your step by step retelling of your vacation now,” he told her, shaking slightly as he spoke.
“Hello?” Dean called into the seemingly empty store.
He storms out the door, his jacket getting caught on the door handle and a cold shiver bolts through his body when a voice startles him. “Hello, Dean,” Cas says. He’s sitting on the bench, in the sun, apparently examining last night’s work.
“I’m not completely naked,” Dean tried to explain.
“Cas, listen,” Dean says and comes closer. “I’m sorry for being a dick. My behavior was unprofessional and besides that, I think you’re a nice guy and you didn’t deserve to be treated like that. Can you forgive me?”
“You don’t have to,” Cas reassures.
“We’ll get in touch,” Naomi says and after a quick exchange of courtesies, they leave.
“Hey, uh, I’ll have one of those, please,” she tells the bartender, pointing at Cas’s glass.
“Yeah, sorry, I was just…picturing that.”
Both hands sliding over the smooth skin at the back of Cas’s neck, grazing the smoothness of his bare shoulders, Dean is caught off guard when Cas bends his knees and hooks his arms under Dean’s thighs to haul him up and sit him on the now closed lid.
“You were great”, Dean says after they smash into each other, chest against chest. “Cas, you were so awesome!”
Slowly, he moves to sit and blindly grabs a piece of clothing from the floor. That’s not his shirt, Dean realizes and throws it over his shoulder. At the second try he has more luck and pulls the black T-shirt over his head. He also puts his boxers back on and then turns to the person still sleeping in his bed.
The sudden music reminds him that he is supposed to watch Balthazar and Anna.
“Is that so?” she says, directed at Cas.
“No.”
“Oh, really? Dean, I didn’t know you have a daughter.”
“Wanna go for a swim?” he asks and Dean gives him an affirmative nod.
“Does this mean you’d like to show Jody what we’ve learned?” Dean asks with a grin.
“Nah, it’s okay. I’ll be fine. Now go home and put your son to bed,” he spoke gently and forced a smile onto his face. “Good night.”
“What I said earlier today,” Cas says then, “it came out wrong. You’re not an inconvenience.”
Back at home, Dean suggests they go outside in the backyard to enjoy the spring sun and Cas asks him to read some of his fabulous tales that inspire his work, and so they cuddle up as good as they can on Dean’s garden chairs and Dean reads him Hans Christian Andersen and Brother’s Grimm and a tiny bit of Lovecraft.
“No. I’ll catch you when I’m done with Cain,” Dean says and, giving Cas a soft smile, he goes back to find out what else Cain has in store for him.
“Then I hope I continue to be,” Cas says, reaching for the light switch. “Good night.”
Dean gapes at Cas. “You told her?”
Right when they come in, there’s a round, slightly elevated booth, clad in dark wood paneling. In it sits Sam, his face highlighted by the shine of a lamp on his desk, the computer to his right a stark contrast. He looks up when he hears the echo of their footsteps on the stone tile floor.
“So this is called a
“Sure, I’d like that. Do I have to sign up at the reception beforehand?”
“I should call it a night,” Cas said eventually when both of them had finished their drinks. He was right. It had gotten late and quite a number of guests had already left. Dorothy and Charlie were in their own world, dancing slowly while holding each other tightly.
Cas continues his walk but doesn’t go further than just around the block. It’s colder than he anticipated and instead of warming up quickly after entering the house he’s still freezing when he goes to bed.
“Anyway,” she says, “thanks for the gossip. I miss that—just you and I, judging people and talking shit.” Her words make him laugh.
“Yeah, I know what you mean. I have one, too,” Cas says.
He couldn’t possibly have expressed himself more clearly and his words seem to have brought Dean’s synapses to work because for a split second his eyes dart to his mouth.
“I don’t think you’re crazy,” Dean says softly. He’s worried about him.
Anyway, the bath was for nothing. He’s more stressed out than ever when he towels off properly and removes the plug to let the water drain from the tub.
“Yeah, actually I have to thank you for that.”
Mary approaches him after they’ve gone back inside the house. “Everything okay between you two?” she asks with worry in her eyes.
He takes a new sheet of paper after they’ve hung up and begins to outline his new work properly to later trace it with ink. This is very different from what he normally does. Maybe it’ll be the beginning of a new series.
“Oh, you know, this rich guy made me an offer. He’s working a lot and he needed someone to help him out.”
“Dean, you’re the hottest guy I know, now take off that shirt!” Cas says and Dean’s insecure expression turns into a smile.
“Hey!” Dean shot her a glare. Sammy laughed.
Therefore, he decided to take a shot at some community college classes. He’s still unsure about what to do with his life which is why he’s now studying all kinds of subjects. He loves history and literature and all that but his favorite so far is woodworking. Apparently, he hasn’t forgotten everything he learned in school, but that’s hardly the reason he has become somewhat of a teacher’s pet. He’s good and he knows it and Pamela, the course instructor, does too.
“What?”
bed! They were married for fuck’s sake. There should be a
“Can I talk to you about something?”
“Obviously I wasn’t quick to talk,” Rowena says. “I’ve had my fair share of experiences with the authorities here. They were very suspicious of your recent wedding, though.” She leans into him so Linda can’t hear what she’s saying next. “You didn’t do something ill-considered, did you?”
“Possible. Maybe she threatened to tell his wife about the affair and he thought the only way to prevent this was to kill her.”
The sex with Aaron was great and he really liked the guy but he also missed Cas. Which was actually stupid given that they lived together and saw each other every day…
“Can’t we just leave without them?” Cas asks.
Sam shakes his head. He can’t meet his brother’s eyes. “What about—” he begins but the air gets knocked out of his lungs by an invisible force.
I might have (= I definitely have) taken some ideas for this chapter from TV shows because I don't know anything about car restoration or mechanics in general.
“He managed to get lost in an alternate universe all by himself—it wasn’t your fault.” When Cas still doesn’t agree, Dean comes to a halt on his feet in the only chest-deep water. Cas stands as well, waiting for Dean to scold him again but instead, a second later, Dean jumps at him and pushes his head under water.
“Your husband, yes.” Sam snorts. “Wow, that sounded so weird. Dude, you’re married!”
With a teeth-flashing grin, Dean replies, “You bet.”
Dean’s pupils widen with shock. Cas apparently hit a nerve there.
“Oh, come on Cas. Give me something!” He was basically begging now. God, it was embarrassing how needy he sounded.
“Thank you, Cas. We’re so glad you came,” Dorothy said and Cas kissed her and Charlie on their cheeks. Charlie leaned closer to Dean while they talked, whispering, “Be nice to him. He doesn’t know anyone here.”
There’s nothing there. Cas, though, is sitting a safe distance away, making it impossible for his feet or legs to touch Dean.
“Oh, now everything’s my fault,” Claire snaps.
“Dean!” Cas looks everywhere but clearly Dean isn’t here. He left, because Cas said he wanted him gone. He didn’t really mean it, obviously. He thought that’s what Dean wanted to hear. That he’s been released from the cage called Green Card marriage.
“I’ll be off duty in an hour. You better be home when I get there,” he said and returned the papers to Gunnar. “Now go.”
All nod. Well, sat he has on a horse. And the horse has moved but it wasn’t Cas who was controlling it.
“I, uh…a lesbian you say? I guess that
“Yes,” Dean breathes out.
“What?” Dean said, feeling his husband’s intense stare on him. “Come on, it’s gonna be fun. Maybe we’ll meet some colleagues of hers.”
“Put the gun down,” Ketch says behind him. The cold something pressed against the back of head convinces him to follow Ketch’s orders.
“Cas, it’s your own choice. If you want to tell them, even if there’ll probably be negative response, you should do it. But if you think it’d be better not to let them know ‘cause you don’t wanna risk the peaceful relationship you have with your family, then don’t do it. You have to be aware that anything can happen and you’d have to face the consequences. But who knows, maybe you’ll be surprised by how accepting they are. I really can’t make this decision on your behalf.”
Castiel feels stupid for what he is about to do and his feet move with slight reluctance as he walks across the street to the maroon house with the wind chime. Dean offered to come with him but Cas said it’s his house, his ghost and he can’t ask Dean to do all the talking for him. He’s fortunate enough that he believes him, that he gave him shelter and company when he needed it.
“Good night, Cas.”
“Push,” he said, “but slowly.”
They’re both breathless for a few minutes, though Dean manages to roll off of him so Cas can breathe freely.
Suddenly, there’s a light so bright everyone has to close their eyes and then it’s pitch dark and completely quiet except for the nervous mumbling of the crowd. However, a few seconds later the lights switch back on and the music continues where it left off.
Dean let Cas drive all the way back. When they got home late at night, they held each other as they lay in bed, Dean carding his fingers through Cas’s hair and telling him without words that everything would turn out fine. And Cas believed it. If John Winchester could change his opinion on this, then his mother and brother could, too.
Cas rolled onto his back and stared at the ceiling. “It’s not that,” he said. “I guess their engagement reminded me once more how lonely I am.”
“Shall we?” she says and Cas hangs his backpack over one shoulder.
Cas shakes his head and smirks. “I’m afraid I have to disappoint you, Rowena. We’ve both kept our last names.”
“I’m getting you a glass of water,” Cas declared, got out of bed and filled a plastic cup from the bathroom with some tap water. He watched Dean with intent as he drank, making sure he was emptying it.
Dean rolls his eyes at him but doesn’t say anything to deny it.
“We go up to room 506,” Charlie says, “make it our base camp. Then we look around a bit, check out the places Dean mentioned and then assemble again at base camp to conclude our investigation with a little séance.”
“I bet that actually you’re suppressing a part of yourself so hard that you’ve completely lost it. Good night, Dean,” he says and leaves. Dean doesn’t follow.
did!”
Dean didn’t make a sound. Cas was still on top of him, staring down into his eyes. It was silent now in both their tents. Neither of the boys moved. An incredible heat rushed through Dean’s body, tickling in his stomach. He slightly opened his mouth and slipped out the tip of his tongue to wet his lips. Cas hitched a silent breath.
“And I have a hangover to cure. Ask the staff for more,” Cas says and turns around to leave the buffet.
“She broke up with me,” he snuffled.
“Doesn’t matter…” He was
“But in a good way, right?” she says. “You’re not secretly throwing away your nerves, are you?”
“Cas is here too?” she asks.
They all agree on that and Sam and Dean change into their pajamas whereas Cas retires behind the room divider. Equipped with Sam’s iPad and earphones he’s bingeing a randomly picked Netflix show while the brothers get their well-deserved rest.
As it turns out, Ketch came to visit her shop but Missouri felt that something was off about him and told him she was about to close and made him leave. She didn’t say a word about Dean or where he lived, obviously, but now she feels bad for not giving Dean a warning. “I should have known,” she says. Dean says not to blame herself.
“Ah, I see. Looks like Cas is getting lucky.”
Later, when the others were talking to students and professors, Cas and Dean wandered around under the pleasant spring sun, revisiting the places they had liked to go to when they had been studying here.
Annabel gets very excited when they reach Cas’s front porch and disappears into the dark house as soon as Sam has opened the door. He calls after her but the dog doesn’t obey.
“My wife owns the store,” the man said.
“Okay, then… I’ll finish my tea first,” he says.
“Yes, thank you, Dean.”
“Go back to your room until you’ve come to your senses again,” his mother said and Dean stomped back upstairs and, of course, slammed his door. He fucking hated everyone.
“And classical music is already in your life,” Cas says, turns now fully towards the keyboard and then the room is filled with music. Dean never noticed how loud that piano actually is. But how would he? He was never allowed outside his room while Cas was playing.
Dean runs after him and follows Cas into the master bedroom which, obviously, has a much bigger closet than his. “Try this one,” Cas says and hands him a black jacket.
“Well,” Dean says and claps his hands together, “that wasn’t so bad for a start. Who’s hungry?”
“Sorry, mom. I had a lot on my plate.”
and already makes plans what he should get rid of and what kind of sound system he should put into his car. The shop is situated right at the edge of town, where the density of buildings fades into more rural settings. He pulls up right next to what seems to be the entrance. There are a few vehicles parked outside, some older models, among them a blue truck from the 50s maybe and a sleek black Chevy.
“Yup,” Dean says, “do you think you can get him to talk?”
Dean froze above him, about to sputter a series of apologies, but Cas silenced him before his throat could even emit a sound by forcefully pressing their lips together. His hands reached up to Dean’s trousers and underwear and shoved them out of the way as well. Dean withdrew himself from the heated kiss to get some much needed air in his lungs which gave Cas the opportunity to take in the sight of Dean’s freed and swollen cock. He hitched a breath at the realization that the view made his own dick even harder than it had been before. Dean seemed to notice his awestruck mesmerization since he took him by the wrist and guided his hand to touch him.
“I know. Now hurry, Winchester. I’m getting married in a few hours.”
Cas gives him a minute to marvel but then he says, “We should get down to business now.”
Cas copies his movements and Eileen is grinning from ear to ear.
“Hey guys! What’s up?”
“Poland,” Cas says.
Cas struggled to breathe normally. He felt like he was about to cry again. “I… My girlfriend broke up with me.”
During one of his outings he noticed a weird shape, covered in ivy tendrils. He left the pathway to take a closer look and when he had moved a few leaves to the side, he recognized it as the stone angel he had always been so scared of in his childhood.
Claire sputters something resembling a laugh. “Just tell me you don’t wanna have me here,” she says and picks up her bag. “I’ll go.”
“Missouri,” Dean calls after her, an arm still slung over Cas’s shoulders.
Cas. There’s you and then there’s me. You’re Mister I’m A College Graduate And World-travelling Pianist and I’m…me. And when this is over, nothing’ll have changed. We go our separate ways and live our lives like none of this ever happened.”
The conversation with his mother went well. She said she’d love to have him back home and to meet Dean again as well. She also told him to make sure Michael and Meg would join them for a family meal when they came. Cas had informed her that they would book a hotel but his mother insisted they stay at the house and as he couldn’t come up with a good excuse for why not to accept this, he had to give in and agree to sleep in his old room as long as he was in Indianapolis.
“Charlie, who are we talking about?”
He soon found a rhythm and when Dean repositioned his hips slightly, Cas started hitting the sweet spot that caused a rush of electricity running up his spine with almost every thrust.
“I know. You blew Dr Pepper on me through your nose,” Cas said.
“Technical defect?” Cas provides.
Sam purses his lips. “What?” Dean asks.
Cas hitched a breath. “Dean, I… I don’t think… I can’t…”
“Yeah, Dean. I trust you,” Cas told him and then Dean closed his lips around his erection.
“Hi, Alicia. It’s been a while.”
“Complete these forms, make sure to fill them out properly and truthfully. When you’re done, you hand them back to me and after making a payment of fifty dollars you will be issued a marriage license,” the woman at the registration desk tells them. The name tag in front of her reads
“Whoa, easy there, tiger. No-one’s getting married any time soon. But I’m glad you see it this way.”
When he jogged up and down the pathway a bit to get warm, he almost ran into somebody.
“If you have some, beer would be great,” Dean says and with a loud ‘of course, dear’ and an excuse for not asking beforehand, Balthazar retrieves a bottle from the fridge behind him and removes the cap for him.
“Dean, I think you better get the sword.”
“How could I get into trouble for something you did?”
Leisurely, they walk to their cars, side by side, and it’s definitely not an accident that Cas’s arm brushes Dean’s every now and then.
“Is that the picture you mentioned?” he asks Cas as he fetches the broken frame from the floor.
“Shh,” Dean says, focused on creating a structure on Castiel’s cheeks and chin. When he’s done, he scoots back a little to marvel his work. Cas doesn’t say anything to not get foam into his mouth. “I can’t believe my boyfriend is Santa Claus!” He fakes to be scandalized until he can’t hold back a giggle. Cas doesn’t look very amused.
“We were both unaware of the other’s application at first and when it came out we kind of got into this fight. I mean, not a fight in the physical sense. Still, it wasn’t pretty. It was really low and I regret the things I’ve said.”
“I don’t know. It’s complicated. I don’t really wanna talk about it.”
“Breathe, Dean,” he reminds him, and slowly slides inside him.
“Thanks for the coffee,” Cas says like he knows what’s going on in Dean’s head right now and goes back to sit at the table with the others.
“Keeping up the appearance that we’re an actual couple. You may have forgotten that the government is onto us but I did not.”
Maybe his feelings for Cas are not even what he thinks they are. When has he ever been in love? Like, for real. Does he even know what being in love feels like? Lucy could totally show him someone else. Or nothing. Because there’s no-one out there for him.
“Nothing,” Sam says, “just checking in, making sure you’re alright.”
“Wow,” he says when Cas has finished. “Man, I’m speechless. That one must’ve been tough.”
Cas was walking through the door. “Heya, Cas, my man,” Benny said and slung an arm around his shoulders. “Promise me you’re gonna drag Dean’s lazy ass to our after-game party tonight.”
his brother tends to insist—and when he’s getting hungry from taking in all these new impressions and the effort of strolling across Montevideo, he starts looking for a nice place to eat. Of course, there’s a Burger King right around the corner and he has to think of his conversation with Jody from the night before. No thanks—he’d rather starve than have American fast food on his vacation. The next place he finds is offering pizza and pasta but that’s still not the right thing for him. He wants to eat real Uruguayan food. Eventually, he gets to a small restaurant, a few tables outside on the sidewalk, offering
The unforeseen touch had made him tingly and slightly confused as it seemed, because the next thing Dean said was, “You look good.”
They take the route along the road—Dean still hasn’t fixed that bridge—but as soon as they’re in the forest, they take another path, not the one leading to the waterfall. He’s been hiking out here often, he knows the area very well and the most beautiful places to go. Today, he’s taking Cas up a hill from which they’ll be able to see the ocean. In the summer, tourists frequent this route as well but now they’re alone here, unbothered by anyone and free to talk about anything that’s not meant for undedicated ears.
“Very,” he replies and helps Dean work them open.
“Oh, yes,” he murmurs and goes back to fill Sam’s cup. The memory of the kiss is playing in a loop in his mind. It’s strange, though. This wasn’t even their first kiss and not sincere at all, just show for Sam. Cas doesn’t seem to spare a second thought.
“I’m the coxswain, Charlie is the captain.”
“The first with a hundred points or more gets the sundeck and the bar,” Dean says.
“I know I don’t deserve another chance from you.”
“I don’t actually think he and I will be enough,” he says, gesturing towards Jack.
They’re staring each other down, tense, like rivals in the Wild West waiting for the perfect time to draw their guns.
“Haha,” Sam mocks and proceeds to take a look at the bathroom. “Kudos to marrying well,” he says.
“Cowboys are ‘cool’,” Cas parrots, “seriously? Hearing that from you is really an understatement. He went as cowboy for the last three Halloweens in a row.”
“Hey, Dean.” Jody has come up to him, a drink in her hand as well.
“You know,” he says when they’ve arrived at Claire’s house, “if there’s ever anything you want to talk about, I’m here for you.”
He was silent for a minute.
After unpacking a few things and putting his toiletry kit into the tiny bathroom, he decides to go to one of the upper decks again and watch as the ship leaves the harbor.
“Last night was….,” he resumes.
“No, Charlie, there’s no maybe. I can’t get my hopes up and then all of a sudden he has a girlfriend. If I let my feelings take over and he rejects me…” He kicked a small rock with his foot. “Just leave it be. I’ll get over him eventually.”
"Jack," he says.
“Uh,” Dean says, scratching his head, feeling the heat rise to his cheeks, “yeah, I guess.”
“Well, I do. I think. I haven’t had much opportunity to get to know him yet.”
now,” Dean says.
“Dean? I said I’m going.” Dean still ignores him. “Dude, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said those things.”
He really needed to speak to cemetery staff. The angel’s gradual restoration had made him curious. Who was behind it? Or was it just regular maintenance work? But then, why let the statue get worn down like this in the first place?
“Whatever,” Cas sighed and opened the door to the guest room.
“Before,” Cas replied. “I think what we did just happened because of this incident. That was actually the first time I realized I was attracted to you. Your masturbating was pretty arousing.”
“So he’s staying in the guest room—your room?”
“Because,” Dean yells, slamming his cup onto the counter, tea spilling over. He takes a deep breath and starts over again, more calmly this time. “Because…your husband doesn’t even have a high school diploma.”
He sleeps through the most of Sunday, curled up in the living room. Despite turning the heat up high, the air in the room feels chilly and Cas is sure he’s getting sick.
“Are you okay?” Dean asks Cas, bending down to him.
Tessa was excited to hear about his personal background and she told him about her job as a nurse and her boyfriend and they quickly bonded over Tessa telling him about her cat Persephone. “You named your pet after the wife of Hades?” Cas asked.
“Never,” Cas says.
“You sure?”
Cas says.
“And your work as a counselor?”
“Do you want anything with your toast?” she asked, obviously not too happy about his order.
it read.
Dean is still panting when he pulls his pants back up and tucks everything in to where it belongs. He’s moving out of the way so Cas can unlock the door and squeeze through the crack. Dean remains in the stall for a few moments to steady himself. When he, too, gets out, Cas is washing his hands and takes a mouthful of water, gargles and spits.
A few days after consulting Michael about Meg, he was just getting home from a short trip to the library when he met his girlfriend in the hallway of their house. Michael was behind her, apparently about to bring her to the door.
Dean’s mind is still processing the irony of Tanya’s assailant when a sudden shriek cuts through the silence in the room.
“Really?” Dean asks, eyes shifting to meet Cas’s again.
“I do,” Dean says and follows suit, “do you live alone as well?”
“Hi Hannah,” Dean replied. His tenseness had eased only slightly. There were still three more people he had to meet.
Back in the kitchen, he takes a moment to watch his family. Sam is in a conversation with mom and Cas, Emma and Claire are still engrossed in their smartphones. Everyone looks happy.
he tells himself. Mr. Turner has already walked over the threshold and Cas joins him inside, the front door making a screeching sound as he closes it behind him. He detects a considerably wide gap between the door and the battered floor and sends a quick prayer to heaven that he will be out of this dump before actual winter hits town and the unwillingly invited draft makes him freeze to death.
fucking awesome. You’re so fucking—”
“Yeah, why not?” Cas asks, giving the Labrador a final pet, and gets up from the ground.
“I know that they love you.”
I hope the Spanish in this fic makes sense. I'm like Dean, no hablo español.
“Man, fuck, I wish I could help you. Isn’t there a place where I could put in a good word for you?”
Mrs. Graham looked at them in confusion. “No, nothing like that,” she said. “Do you think someone did this to them? Is that why the FBI is here?”
A few days later Dean went back to the cemetery to deliver the good news.
“That’s really kind of you, Cas. Thank you.” Dean’s smile didn’t really reach his eyes. Cas felt awful because of that. Every word had been the truth. He only wished for Dean to be happy.
“Cas, listen. We haven’t talked in ages and you’re a priest now. Our friendship expired a long time ago.” Man, he really hadn’t meant for this to sound so mean. Cas looked really sad now and it made him feel like shit. “I’m sorry, I—”
Cas’s lips form a gentle smile. “I will. Thank you, Dean.”
“Why not?”
He waited patiently for Cas to dry off and get dressed, sitting at the end of his bed.
“What is it?” he asks.
“Girls can play basketball, too,” Andrea said. “I was on the basketball team in high school, remember?”
“You too, Cas.”
“Ah, good,” she says, “Cas is already here.”
“But now I have you,” Cas said, beaming at him. “And Charlie, and Dorothy. I love you guys and I’m so happy to have you.”
“I sense you’re having a problem with that,” Cas deadpans.
They spend the next two hours sunbathing and cooling off in the ocean from time to time and Sam and Jack actually make progress with their swimming lessons. When the sun begins to descend towards the horizon, they pack their things and go back to their rooms to shower and getting dressed for dinner.
“Cas!” he called. “Put on some gloves and look if she hasn’t got any more poisonous panties in her pockets.”
“I believe I heard the shower earlier.”
“You’re seriously sending me shopping with your credit card,” Dean breathes out once more, still in a state of disbelief.
“Ladies and gentlemen,” someone’s voice resonates from the speakers. Amara’s. She’s behind most work events. “It’s my pleasure to announce that, for the first time ever, our Christmas party will offer you the opportunity to put on your own show and demonstrate your talent at the”—she stretches the e for effect—“karaoke machine!”
“Goodbye,” Cas echoes.
The take-out is getting cold but Cas isn’t hungry. He feels like he’ll never be able to eat again. Dean is gone and it’s all his fault. He’s ruined the best thing he’s ever had, even though a few months ago he was convinced that there’ll never be anything as important as his career.
“How would such a conversation even look like? Dean, honestly, I don’t think this is a good idea. You’re only hurting yourself and I can see you’ve gotten your hopes up again. I can only repeat myself: Cas is out of reach for you. He has dedicated his life to the church. You can never be with him and he can never be with anyone.”
“You still play?” Dean says, glancing at the grand piano in the far end of the room.
“I don’t think that’s necessary,” Jody says and Cas gets why when he finds out who they’ve been waiting for. This trip is going to be a disaster.
“So,” Dean resumes after they have taken a drink from their beers, “is there something else you’d like to apologize for?”
Gunnar was 26 and used to have a great chance at having a career as boxing champion but an injury three years ago put a definite end to those plans. He showed Dean the scar he’d gotten, which Dean was weirdly impressed and turned on by.
It was only late in the afternoon, but Cas got under his blanket, clothes still on and shut his eyes. He cried until he fell asleep and didn’t wake before sunrise.
“Your status of residency,” Naomi says and Cas hopes his Adam’s apple didn’t give away how hard he just swallowed.
“They had an argument about Castiel’s clothes,” Jack says.
In the moment that follows, Cas thinks he’s able to hear every single sound in the universe. Millions of planets explode at once into glorious fireworks when Dean’s lips touch his and nothing in creation could’ve ever been this beautiful.
“No, you won’t.”
“Dean, just stop and we’ll take a look at the map,” he said but Dean only stopped the car after a few more minutes. After shutting off the engine, he stepped out of the Impala and signaled Cas to follow him.
“Wha—” Benny gaped, his jaw dropping towards the table.
“I understand,” Donna says and takes a seat in her office chair. “It must be quite something, though, when it leads you to parking your car in the middle of the street.”
“What should I do then? Should I sit, or—”
“A nephilim and and an archangel,” Michael says, “interesting.”
“I might have done some shopping for the occasion,” Dean says, his face turning beet-red.
He stood like this for some time. A light breeze rustled through the trees, birds sang and all was well until he got yanked from his reverie by people talking in the distance. The woman from before and another one who was probably the same age as her were obviously talking about him but left somewhat hurriedly when they saw that Dean had noticed them.
Probably not as much as his feelings for him. And that’s possibly not an overstatement.
Afterwards, they’re being guided into a hall that’s filled with huge steel tanks, pipeage meandering across the ceiling and leading into walls and vessels. It’s cold in here and Cas realizes he forgot to bring a coat.
“So, Cas, what can I do for you?” she asks after she’s joined him at the table.
“Whheeee!” Charlie was suddenly wide awake and not cranky anymore, looking at Dean expectantly.
Behind a door she presents a set of stairs that leads downwards into what appears to be a multi-purpose room, with some kind of stage area on the far end. Chairs are stacked atop each other along the wall.
Dean’s fingers followed the fine lines that, collectively, formed the angel’s toga. The stone was cold and rough under his skin but surely, before being left unprotected from wind and weather, the material must have been quite smooth, carefully evened out by the hands of an artist.
“I’m sorry,” Dean says, “I didn’t mean to… I was just—”
“That’s all you got?” Dean mocked and Mrs. Graham started to scream, infuriated. Then she headed out the front door and proceeded to run down the porch steps but Dean was already after her and caught her before she could even set a foot on the pathway that was leading up to the house.
“I was trying to but you didn’t listen,” Castiel says, “you never do.”
“You think?”
And Dean really hopes it’s worth the horrendous debt he used to be in for allowing his little brother to fulfill his childhood dream. Their parents weren’t exactly wealthy and dad died before Sam graduated from high school but there was no way in hell Sammy wouldn’t have this, so he convinced their mom to let him contribute to his brother’s tuition. Gladly, Mary Winchester only had one of her sons go to college and together their beloved Sam could go to vet school.
The emphasis on the last word doesn’t go over Dean’s head. Clearly, Cas wants to be free of him. They’ve been doing this for months now and for Dean it’s become kind of natural but Cas, obviously, still has to put a lot of effort into their façade.
“Let’s celebrate,” Cas says, his voice calm though, and goes to get three beers from the fridge, not even sparing a thought to ask Sam if he wants one and he doesn’t seem to mind.
They hang up and Dean turns away from the window and is startled by Cas standing at the other end of the room. “Christ,” he breathes. “You’re like a ninja. Can’t you say something or do you really want me to have a heart attack? Is there life insurance I don’t know of?”
Dean has stopped to yell answers, even those Cas is sure he knows. Sam doesn’t either but Cas notices that he watches his brother every time a new question—actually, a new answer in this case—appears on the screen.
Alicia said Cas needs to be inside the house while they’re working their witchcraft as he’s the focus of the haunting and Cas is beyond grateful that Dean agrees to come too. He wouldn’t be able to do this without him.
“Nothing,” Dean said.
“That’s really not how it is. I know there are people to whom I mean a lot but this is not about them—it’s about me. I made this choice and I was confident those people would accept it without questioning me.”
Cas would very much like to yell at him in response to that.
Michael slowly withdrew his arm, putting his folded hands on the table. “The reason Meg broke up with you… It’s me.”
“You know, that’s what I don’t get. Why did
“I’m really sorry, Mrs. Cooper,” Dean says. “I don’t know what happened.”
Dean feels at ease but not
“No, Dean. You don’t get a day off on your birthday but I’m having a party later tonight.”
Dean’s eyebrows lift up and he says, “You’ve been mentioning me?”
“Meg left you for me. I’m the one she’s fallen in love with.”
“You must be Cas,” she says. “Dean’s told me about you. I’m Alicia,” she tells him and offers her hand.
“You mean the rules you’ve just made up?” Castiel says.
“Where would you live? In Kansas, or somewhere else?”
“The river runs underground for half a mile from there. Sometimes I come out here to draw or just enjoy the sounds of nature. It’s quite loud up there, right by the waterfall, but down here at the pool you can still hear your own thoughts.”
“She pretty?”
Dean chuckled and Meg gave him a gentle smile. “He’ll see this differently very soon, I promise. He loves you, Cas, and he wouldn’t wanna lose you.”
“I just want what you have with Dorothy, you know. Every time I see you together I feel like I’m missing out on something.”
Cas does his best to change the subject again and they continue to talk for quite a while until Dean asks for the bill and even though Cas insists on splitting it, Dean covers for all their food and drinks.
it to go.
“Was she alright?” Dorothy asked in lieu of going with Dean’s joke.
The music is on a low volume. Just some background atmosphere; he can still hear the occasional leak of the faucet, the small sounds the foam makes as bubbles rub against each other or burst, the gentle slosh of the water in the tub every time he moves in it.
Dean watches him leave before he finally gets up. Great, now he isn’t even allowed to listen to his music anymore. After a minute he finds a kitchen towel and tries his best to polish the shiny black lacquer. He doesn’t want to disgruntle his husband after all.
“I think I understand,” Cas says, lowering his gaze.
“Fine,” Sam says and moves out of the way.
“Sandwich,” she says, “with beef, tomato, mozzarella, many other things.”
“So we meet again,” Jody says.
“Cas, sorry I brought this up. Don’t worry about it now. We’ll have this talk another time. What I meant to say was that you probably shouldn’t say you’ve become gay all of a sudden when talking to your people. Some of them are likely not very well informed and in the weirdness of their heads they might imagine you’ve started touring gay clubs and dark rooms and have unprotected sex with lots of guys. Make it clear it’s only Dean for you. Trust me, I’ve encountered such people and most of them are not prepared to listen when you try to explain yourself. But don’t get me wrong, I’m not saying your family is like this. I don’t know them after all.”
“I know what you mean,” Rowena says.
“Oh, good evening,” the man says, “what a delightful coincidence.” It’s the British guy from the library, the other one, without the beard.
There is no reason for them to kiss now, of course. Balt and Rowena bought their story without any mouth-to-mouth action involved. They seemed impressed even that Cas would go as far as touching anyone simply for the intimacy of it, their ice prince, though people who don’t know Cas, like Sam, might need more to convince them. The DSS didn’t. Kissing would only have made them suspicious.
“I was never a fan of that hippie music,” Rufus states. “I prefer klezmer. The things that can be done with a clarinet…those lazy kids had no idea what real art is.”
He hopes that, whatever the reason for Dean’s obvious lie is, he’ll get over it and they can be friends. At least, Cas had the impression they were about to become friends. He was even not too pessimistic about them eventually becoming more than friends—if Dean would be into that kinda thing, that is. But apparently he’s not. Or is he?
“Since I’m already with someone who happens to be a guy—”
“Oh, hi Jody,” he says. “I’m sorry for earlier. You didn’t need to see that.”
“What a mess,” she says, evading the question and gets up from her chair.
After a moment of shock, Dean pushes him away.
“See you next week!”
“No one said you’re a liar,” Cas says.
Dean slid down the wall until he reached the—thanks to him sticky—floor. He coughed out a few more laughs before his breathing eventually returned to a normal rhythm. Cas sat next to him, their backs against the wall.
“Well, you know…when you want to spice things up a little.”
“Heads,” Castiel says.
And Dean didn’t promise too much. The beer is delicious and Cas can’t wait to try another kind later.
“I’ll, um, just get one of the toothbrushes if that’s okay. I don’t think I packed mine when I left Indianapolis.”
“Uh, would you like some coffee, maybe?” Dean says.
Cas hands him a plate and takes a seat next to him on the tree trunk serving as a bench.
“Not really. She was probably right about me. I mean, I would have taken up on my responsibilities, but I wasn’t the most mature guy at that age when it came to relationships. And with a baby I would never have been able to take care of—” He stops.
Meg was the first of them to speak. “Oh, Cas. I’m so happy to hear that. I think you’re great together.” Michael was glaring at her after she’d said that but he didn’t make a sound.
Dean’s palms are sweaty. There can be the most terrible creature chasing his ass and he doesn’t break a sweat but talking about…admitting his feelings is giving him more anxiety than all of Hell’s and Purgatory’s scum combined.
“You know, it’s weird, seeing you two together,” he said then, looking at Dean and Cas. “I mean, I don’t have a problem with that. Not at all, don’t get me wrong. It’s just…I’d never guessed you’d have a thing for each other.”
Dumfounded for a moment, Dean just stares before opening his own pants and getting rid of them.
He had no luck one way down the hallway, so he turned around and walked into the other direction, passing the common area again where there was still no sign of Charlie. He was obviously suffering some serious case of Stockholm syndrome, because two days ago she basically abducted him and now he was looking for her everywhere like a child that lost their parents at the mall. Despite her unconventional way of approaching him, he had been grateful for getting invited to watch a movie. Cas was a rather introverted person and hadn’t really made friends during his first year at Duke so far and Charlie now had the potential to be more than just a college mate to him. The thing with her crush on him could be getting in the way of forming a proper friendship but he guessed Charlie had learned soon enough about Meg to avoid that.
“Do you know a way to get rid of it?”
Cas is shifting in the dark, a lot actually, although he’s only supposed to move an inch and then there’s Cas’s hand on his shoulder, sliding up until it finds the back of his head and Dean can’t really resent him for having decided to murder him, except that Cas ends up kissing him instead.
“On our date,” he says.
Cas raises his eyebrows. “Of course,” he says.
“You do,” Sam insists. “And I just wanted you to know that I’m cool. You might consider getting me an extra great Christmas present but I’m not mad. I mean, of course I would’ve liked to be at your wedding and I’m a little bit hurt that you didn’t ask me to be your best man but…we’re good. So, you don’t need to hold back. Act naturally around me.”
Billie wrote a few lines on the selected pieces, leaves praises for the musicians, a few thank you notes to people from the industry.
The rest of his mind had turned into black void. He was completely spaced out.
Dean looks at him, eyes wide open, his hands hovering over the haft that sticks out of him. His back arches and he wails in pain when Cas swiftly pulls out the blade. The move is followed by a great deal of blood flooding out of Dean’s wound and the weak sobs he lets out when Cas bores his fingertips into his flesh are almost too much to bear.
“Dean?” Cas says.
“I should’ve let you,” Cas said and folded his arms low around Dean’s waist.
“I don’t think so. We can come here another time. Or maybe you’d want to see us in Kansas City.”
Although he had said he would do it tomorrow, he started to clean out the closet. He wouldn’t want Cas having to live out of his tiny suitcase. There were so many boxes in there, their content a complete mystery to him. After moving into his house, Dean had never really gotten around to unpacking these boxes and they probably weren’t holding anything of importance as he couldn’t recall missing any of his stuff lately, though he remembered some of them being in the same state since he’d moved out of his parents’ house.
Dean rubs his hands together. “Sure.”
“Yes. We don’t know each other very well but he seemed like a really nice guy until he snapped, started behaving like a dick and he wouldn’t say why but I figured he’d found out that I wasn’t, you know, straight. Anyway, I ended up blowing him in the bathroom at the club that night.”
“Goodbye, Meg. Have a nice evening!” Cas replied before the screen went dark and he closed the lid.
“Well, she’s pretty,” he chuckled, “not that that’s most important to me, but there’s no need to leave it unmentioned.” Dean laughed too.
“No,” Cas sighs and then he’s kissing Dean.
“Great,” Sam says, “let’s go find a hotel. I’d say we try this way,” and Jack walks next to him while Dean and Cas stay a few feet behind.
“What just happened?” Dean says, pulling Cas into his arms.
He watches Cas storm off and that his eyes fix on his ass for half a second was a complete accident. He’s a bit drunk and has trouble focusing in the dim light in here. His gaze wanders upwards to where two go-go dancers—a guy and a girl—are dancing, he holding her waist from behind, rolling his hips along to the rhythm of the music so that his crotch comes close to her ass. He’s only wearing a pair of silver hot pants and those really don’t conceal anything and why the fuck is Dean even looking at the guy when there’s a sparsely dressed lady right in front of him.
“I told you I’m fine,” Dean says and Sam doesn’t press any further.
“Nooo,” she replied, her voice an octave higher than usual. “We haven’t talked about it yet. Maybe I just want it to be a casual thing, I don’t know.”
Cas nods. “You,” he says, “I’m in love with you,” and he kisses Dean again.
“What?”
"Of course," Dean says, patting his brother's shoulder, "you kids have fun." He winks at Eileen past Sam's big head and she tries to hide her grin behind her hand.
Dean begins to move, slowly, and Cas pulls his head closer to kiss him.
“Over by the bridge out of town. We were out for a walk.” He scoops a few spoons full of coffee powder and starts the machine. “I don’t know what had gotten into him.”
“Yeah, right…” Cas mumbled. He’d really been thrown off balance.
“They sure sound like that. I, too, would like to have kids one day,” Cas says.
The sheriff shakes her head. “We’re calling off the search,” she says.
“Yeah, about that…”
“Dean, what are you doing?” Cas asked when he turned off the engine.
“It’s okay. I’m glad the cat’s out.”
“You know, that you actually want to see your future partner’s face in your dreams.”
He wants Dean to clarify what he meant by
“Dude,” Dean mumbles, more to himself, because this stuff is strong.
She looks at them with huge eyes and shrugs before bringing the fork to her mouth with the last bit of her pie.
“I know it wasn’t you. It doesn’t matter who did. I can’t blame anyone for my errors. I was aware I could get into trouble for this and now I am.”
“Then make sure to shut your trash cans properly if you don’t wanna invite them.”
“What?”
“That’s…that’s an interesting name you have, Castiel.”
“Oh, so sorry to hear that. Always dreamt of catching bad guys doing illegal stuff, you know,” Captain Hanscum informs Dean. “So, what are you then?”
“I’ll be right back, okay? I just need to talk to my brother real quick.”
They start out sitting but soon, very soon, Dean lies halfway on top of Cas and his eyes roll back in his head when Cas moves his head so he can kiss under Dean’s ear, his neck. He pulls back.
Cain leads them to the side to show Dean how they’ve moving the different pieces of scenery around and it takes him a while to notice that Cas is still standing in the middle of stage, lost in thought. He’s small in comparison to the wide space of the theatre but confident, like he owns the place.
Cas has his hands on Dean’s hips, holding him in place, but every now and then, one hand will move downwards along his thigh and it’s making Dean nuts. He doesn’t really want to look at Cas sucking him, get that picture burned into his mind, but he can’t really not look either. If he’d just close his eyes again and concentrate strictly on the feeling and coming soon, then he can pretend this never happened. He might remember receiving a blowjob during Benny’s bachelor party but whoever gave it to him will be interchangeable.
It’s only Dean and Cas in the main room after Sam has gone to bed.
“Who said it only had to be the four of us plus Cas? We could ask Benny and Ash and—”
Somehow, Dean has found the strength to sit up. His wet clothes are heavy and cling to his skin and he examines the spot where he ripped his jeans earlier. It’s odd, though. He remembers the pain and he’s perfectly sure there was blood, except now there isn’t even as much as a scratch. He turns to face the man next to him again and, oh boy, he’s naked and Dean’s gaze accidentally rests between his legs half a second too long. He’s well-equipped, though, but that is an unrelated fact to his current situation. The man hasn’t spoken a word yet.
“What?”
Dean choked on his drink, snorted and soda shot out of his nostrils onto the floor and Cas.
“Fucking shit,” a yell stops him dead in his tracks, followed by a hiss, obviously caused by pain. “Damn it.”
“Of course, Cas. Are you still staying overnight?”
That one hurt...
“Yeah, and you were, too. So sweet and innocent. I just wanted to kiss that beautiful face of yours.”
Dean wonders if the sight of Cas’s true form would scare him, too.
“Stop insulting my car! Fine, you can come along but you need to shut up.”
“Yes.”
There wouldn’t be enough time to get dressed before Cas was going to step out, so Dean grabbed the closest thing he could spot and this happened to be Cas’s overcoat which he had thrown onto his bed.
Distantly, he's aware of the sounds of their breathing, the rustling of the sheets, the small creaks of the bed, the pounding of his heart. He can feel the heat of Cas's body under him, his hair tingling at his temples, the humidity of his breaths, the stubble on his chin.
“But they can very well choose if they want to act on it or not,” Zeke remarked, shooting a glare at Dean.
“Cas, of course, why do you even ask?”
Dean opens his mouth once but closes it again before saying anything. He looks a little bit hurt, defeated. He plops onto the floor and leans his head against the bed. Cas comes to sit next to him.
“Really?”
“You know, couples’ night, if that’s your thing.”
“I don’t know,” Cas says. He wants to ask Dean for his number, suggest that whatever is going on between them doesn’t have to end just because Cas is quitting. He really, really wants to but he’s too scared of being rejected.
“I might have upset him by bringing up his current situation,” Charlie explained for him while handing her wife a beer.
“No way you’re mom to teenagers already,” Deans says.
“We were both drunk but still you were so considerate and gentle. I wouldn’t have wanted to experience this with anyone but you.”
Cas was already leaving but Dean stopped him by grabbing his wrist. He stood up.
“Maybe,” Cas says and sips at his wine.
“What did he say?” Charlie asked, curious about what his father was whispering.
“Lawrence, Kansas. Charlie here is also from Kansas.”
“So you guys are good?”
“So what kind of services have those been?”
“You know, the offer still stands. Whenever she’s becoming decrepit, having little ailments, just give me a call and I see what I can do for you,” Dean says.
“What are you doubting, Castiel? Yourself, the church…God?”
“Cas, stop that,” Dean says.
“Well, I didn’t say he isn’t.”
“Did he happen to mention a surname?”
“Don’t get me wrong—I had a happy childhood. I think Father Joshua used to be who I considered a very good friend. Priests, though, usually don’t do sleep overs at kid’s houses. That’d be just wrong.”
fascinate
Benny is pursing his lips. “I, uh, think he said something about taking the Mustang to a potential buyer. Like I said, he won’t be coming in anymore tonight.”
“Did you provide Ashley with a similar gift?” Dean further interrogated.
“Yes. Michael is twenty-one, he’s the oldest. He’s also going to college back in Indiana. And my younger sister Hannah is sixteen. We also have a cat. His name is Francis… I miss him too.”
“Cas, what’s going on? Since when are you here and why is the waitress so pissed at you?” Dean inquired, his voice low in earnest.
“How dare you talk to me like that?” his brother said, visibly offended. Cas, though, understood Dean’s choice of words. He was only protecting him, even if he exaggerated a little.
“And how did you come to know that?” his mom says and crosses her arms in front of her chest.
“Who wants beer?” John called from the kitchen and Sam and Jess replied with a ‘me.’ Cas rather stuck to ice tea, though he felt like he could use a drink.
“Not really, no.”
“Probably nothing,” Dean says.
“Dean,” Cas moans and moves his face against his own again.
Cas says.
This one is set shy of three years from where we left off.
God, he, Dean Winchester, really was the dumbest piece of shit on the planet. His hands tensed on the steering wheel as he drove them back to their motel.
“Bastards,” Dean says. He can only hope his exclaim from before remained undetected. “Change of plans, then. We stay hidden at the side of the road and try to make it to my car.”
“You’re delusional,” Dean yells again at the door. “Did you escape from a fancy insane asylum or what?”
The hallways were quiet and Dean realized how tired he was when they had gotten onto the elevator. They didn’t speak until they had reached Cas’s room and time had come to say goodnight.
Dean pulls back slightly so he can have a look at him. “I’m so proud of you,” he says with sincerity.
“Used to. She was still little back then, nine years old. Her father, Jimmy, was my cousin but also my best friend. He died.”
he thinks but doesn’t say it aloud. There’s no point in arguing with Jody, so he closes his eyes and tries not to think of anything but the ocean surrounding them.
“Yes, hello, it’s been a while.”
It’s a lot but not too much to drive yet.
“You do seem to be in a bad mood most of the time,” Dean agrees.
“Of course,” Cas says.
There’s something else Dean hadn’t notices before, on his neck. He takes a cautious step forward. “Cas,” he says once again, because apparently that’s the only word he seems to be capable of saying out loud.
The voice is coming from the light end of the hallway so Dean decides it’s something he should look into. Someone might be hurt.
“Dean,” Cas says, his voice so soft the words cut right through his chest. “Why would you think that? I’ve always appreciated your determination, your expertise and your respect for your co-workers.”
“Yeah, but what’s the point if you end up dead,” Dean says.
Not being able to catch a glimpse is probably for the best anyway. Dean is rather fond of his eyes.
Not much later, Emma’s mom picks her up. He dreads Lydia’s certain, upcoming phone call already because he didn’t tell Emma not to say anything about his boyfriend. He only hopes she’ll be as open-minded as their daughter is.
“Sam should get going now,” Sam says. “It’s gotten late.”
“I can’t believe I’m calling you my best friends.”
“I am,” Cas insists, locking eyes with him.
Cas didn’t leave his room in the morning before he heard his parents close the front door and drive away. When he was sure they had the house to themselves, he walked across the hallway to Dean’s room, finding him still sound asleep.
“Can we kiss again?” Dean asked under his breath and Cas skipped his reply in favor of surging forward right away to seal their lips together.
“Come on, Cas. It’s a game. Any of them. But please don’t say Rocket, that’d be weird.”
“I hate him,” Dean murmurs.
“It’s cool,” Dean says and strokes a thumb over the black letters. The tickling emanates a small giggle from Cas.
“Unbelievable,” he mutters under his breath, walking the hallways until he reaches the elevator.
He thanks Donna once again and promises to come over sometime and have dinner with her and Doug.
Nothing more.
“I’m not gay,” he mumbled.
“Not like that.”
Comments are always appreciated btw ;)
Mick lays a hand on Cas’s back as they walk over to the open field where a few spectators are already awaiting the highlight of this festival.
He recounted the drive through Lawrence and how they’d ended up in the backseat, Gunnar riding Dean’s dick.
“That’s the question,” the coroner said. “Her medical record doesn’t mention any allergies and the contents of her stomach didn’t show anything suspicious. I also didn’t find any insect bites on her body.”
“This house, it’s just too big. All the empty rooms… It makes me feel lonely. When Blossom is here, I feel a little bit better, but you, my boys, you’re grown men, you don’t live here anymore and no-one ever stays here overnight. Except for the holidays, maybe. And this place is just too much work. I can’t afford to pay a handyman for every little thing that breaks.”
Dean notes the sparkle in Sam’s eyes he gets every time there’s research to do.
“He certainly didn’t hear it from me,” Father Jim assured him. “Castiel, you know I would never do this.”
“She said it hurt her that I just left without saying goodbye but she understands my motivations after reading the letter I left with Father Jim in which I stated the reasons for my decision and she hopes and prays for me to be happy again soon.”
“Dean!” his father shouted.
After each boy had taken a shower, they finished packing Dean’s car—including a second tent for the girls as they were getting to Lawrence with Dorothy’s motorcycle and couldn’t carry that much stuff on top of their sleeping bags.
They had just passed the threshold to the dining room when Cas stopped abruptly, his features suddenly frozen. Hannah had already taken her seat next to Michael and to his right sat—
“Before six?”
“Sorry,” he says and brushes the snow out of Cas’s hair. “I was aiming for your back.”
“Oh, no, I didn’t, I…” Did that guy just read his mind? “Sorry, Cas. I shouldn’t have assumed—”
“How can you say that, Dean?” It’s almost a whisper. Apparently, Dean’s words have hurt him so much that he can hardly even speak.
Dean doesn’t like how he’s snapping at her. “That’s enough, Cas!” he says, the nickname slipping from his tongue unnoted.
“Tessa, meet Cas, the newest addition to our team,” he said.
“Hey, Lucy!” he shouts and she spins around.
Just as he entered his room, his phone pinged, receiving a text from an unknown number.
“Hi Cas!” Meg greeted him with a hug, then she led him into the living room. “Please, sit down. We need to talk.”
They try it a few times until Anna approves. “Good,” she says, “now if you like you can add a little leg stroking.”
“Had legs every time you saw me?” Cas says. He takes a deep breath and exhales. “Every eighty-four years, on the night of a new moon, my tail will turn into human legs and I’ll be able to roam their world until the next full moon.”
“Yeah, Charlie, of course I will,” he said and hugged her.
Cas had never touched another guy’s erection before, let alone seen one up close. The wave of anxiousness passed quickly and now he’d become curious, excited even. He could feel the excitement in his own pants.
“She also at Duke?”
Still nothing.
“Couldn’t get over you,” Dean gasps, trying not to stop the kissing for too long. “Life was
Jody isn’t there yet when Dean takes a seat after filling his plate. For the first time since their journey began, he doesn’t watch out for Castiel. He’s still on this ship, that’s for sure, everything else doesn’t matter to him.
“Oh, I forgot to tell you,” Cas said and Dean glared up at him.
“The rings?” Oh, the rings. Right. For the wedding.
“That thing was a real pain in the ass. Full of inconveniences.”
Dean’s dick sunk deeper into the warm cave of Gunnar’s mouth and Gunnar sucked firmly, licking up to the tip from time to time. Eventually, he let go of him and shifted up again, aiming his attention at Dean’s neck, the beard tickling his skin.
“So, excuse me Rowena, but I have to admit curiosity drew me here as well,” she says, turning to Cas and Dean as she speaks. “Castiel, is this the husband I’ve been hearing about?”
Slowly, the guy’s arms drop to his sides and he turns around. “Castiel,” he says and Dean is taken by surprise not only by the fact that he can talk but also by the roughness of his voice.
“I did.”
The tent suddenly appears very small as two grown men try to sprawl in it and get comfortable in their sleeping bags.
“It was a real surprise when he first told us about you, obviously. Cas isn’t one to open up easily and show real emotion. He can, when he’s playing, but not on an interpersonal level. After he married you, he changed. He isn’t as reserved as he used to be and he just seems to be content with his life. Before, he was restless. He was here, in America, but he hadn’t yet arrived. With you, I think, he finally found a home.”
“Captain Hanscum might have radar but I have something much better. It’s called gaydar and it has detected high levels of mutual attraction.”
and then, once more, the leg thing.
“Yeah, that’d be nice. Do I have time for a shower before it’s ready?”
They don’t have much for him to put on his sandwich but they bought cheese and ham and that’s perfectly alright to fill his stomach for now.
, Dean still despises him with every fiber of his body.
Dean has been busy studying. He’s started to attend classes and Cas is glad to see him get out of the house every once in a while and making friends of his own. He even got a part-time job at a café. Waiting tables is not what he’s been dreaming of growing up in a small town in Kansas but at least he’s making some money for himself while still having enough time to go to school.
“Oh right,” Donna says, “I forget to mention we’re having another guest.”
“Cas is gone,” he says, voice rasp, “He saved me too. And now we need to fix it, to make things right.”
They cross the town’s main piazza and after finishing their cold treats, Sam leads them inside the impressively large cathedral. A magnificent indigo sky is spread across the vaulted ceiling, silver stars spotting the dark color.
“Oh Novak,” Dean says, trying to keep the rage out of his voice, “you’re always running around, being a dick to everyone.” And he can’t help but emphasize his words by poking his finger at Castiel’s chest and the change of his facial expression seems to happen in slow motion, yet Dean’s train of thought is not moving fast enough for him to back away before he realizes what’s coming next.
“No,” he says, “are you?”
Dean’s eyes are still adjusting to the dark but he’s quite certain Cas is gone. He can’t blame him—it’s dangerous being a merman around here after all.
“I’m so sorry.”
“Okay, I’ll ask her.”
he says and not much later he receives a plate with a huge beef sandwich. He’s not sure he’ll be able to eat all of it but takes a seat at one of the outside tables and takes a first bite. It’s delicious and Cas thinks he’s already found his favorite Uruguayan dish. Meat juice is running down the corners of his mouth, the freshness of the vegetables and mozzarella is rounding off the taste of the beef and all of a sudden Cas is stuffing the last bit into his mouth. He definitely has to eat
eat. That he doesn’t require food doesn’t surprise him. He’s a magical merman after all.
“So, tell me Castiel, what’s on your mind?” the priest encouraged him.
Maybe it’s the beer or Cas’s company that makes Dean loosen up more. He’s not afraid of touching him all the time—a hand on his shoulder, his back, all smiley faced and whoever would watch them, would certainly grasp they’re more than just bros. And Cas knows this must all be new for Dean but he’s glad their relationship isn’t forcing him back into the closet again.
Although he followed Dean freely, leaving the car at the sheriff’s station appeared to make him anxious. There aren’t many people around but Dean could still sense his tenseness. However, it only took him a brief moment of hesitance to enter when Dean held the door for him. The officer having front desk duty couldn’t believe her eyes when she was told who the man was and immediately called for Sheriff Mills.
“There’s even more?” she asks, surprised. Jack holds out the popcorn for her. “Oh, thanks. Harrison Ford is so hot. Or was, I guess. Is he still?”
Cas was having fun tonight. He had never been so outgoing before. Dean was happy to see his friend was enjoying himself. There were really hot girls here tonight, even some pretty handsome dudes. He was checking out some guy’s ass from afar while standing with Benny and Ash who were talking about something Dean hadn’t been following when Benny’s thrumming voice yanked him out of his reverie. “Oooh, seems like Cas is hitting the jackpot tonight!”
“Oh Dean, that’s awful.”
Cas spent most of the time he didn’t dedicate to his studies with Rachel and the others from the group of Catholics he’d met through her. He attended Mass not only on Sundays and also joined them for their weekly dinners. It was great being surrounded by people with familiar lives and views—it felt like he was back at home with the community he’d been a part of since his birth. Those boys and girls were just so much easier to talk to and they had easily accepted him as one of their own. He also got along very well with Father Theodore, though he wasn’t really able to open up to him like he could to Father Joshua, or Father Jim now.
“I’m just worried the whole thing could repeat itself. What if you wake up one morning and tell Dean you made a mistake quitting and disappear from his life again? I don’t think he would be able to cope with this a second time…even if you’re just friends now. You are just friends, right?”
“Don’t say anything,” he shuts off his brother as soon he opens his mouth.
“She’s really just a friend,” Dean reassured his mom.
“Just making sure,” he says, not hiding his amusement at all.
He doesn’t get to finish the sentence because the next moment he’s thrown against the nearest wall.
All the boys love Michael. All the boys
“I know you and Jimmy never had a problem with whom I loved but you’re also very religious. Maybe your opinion would differ when it concerned your own daughter.”
Dean drops his attention from the furniture. “I think I’m good,” he says and crowds Cas against the counter.
“Yeah, but don’t worry. I have pairs with Batman, Darth Vader,” then in a lower voice, leaning closer to Cas’s ear, “I even got a pair with Ewoks, but don’t tell anyone that. I left them at my parents’ so no-one would find them here.”
“Oh, it’s great. I love my daughter and I try to spend as much time as possible with her. I just want her to be happy and I’m glad she welcomed me into her life. And for a teenager she’s quite cool about hanging out with her dad, I think.”
“You’re okay with that?”
“On three. One, two…three.”
He throws himself against the propped up pillows on his bed and grabs the TV remote.
What he had learned today, however, was that Bart was a factor of disturbance. Therefore he avoided him before the next lecture. He waited outside the room, casually, until the red-haired girl had arrived. Then he went inside as well and asked her if the seat next to her was already taken. She signaled him it was okay to sit there.
“It’s beautiful, really,” Dean says. “I’m impressed, Cas.”
“Do you really agree with the guy who cancelled my contract?”
“No, thank you,” Naomi says, “please, sit. There are a few things we need to talk about.” So they sit, Dean and Cas at one side of the table, Naomi and Uriel on their opposite.
Charlie stopped by their room in the evening. “Hey, everything alright? Have you heard from Cas yet?”
“And by catching it she expressed her wish to get married soon, aka meeting her true love,” Sam concludes.
“Oh…” Cas doesn’t want his daughter to think he’s lost his mind but there’s not really a way to tell somebody you’re being haunted without at least sounding a little crazy. “Some inexplicable things have happened since I’ve lived here and I have reason to believe they root in the supernatural.”
Luckily, Cas didn’t have as much stuff as Dean and so they easily managed to fit everything into his car. The trunk had already been full when they had left Lawrence but Cas’s things didn’t even take up the entire backseat.
“Really?” Dean says with more enthusiasm than he would’ve liked. “I mean…it’s good you wanna move on.”
“Isn’t that the same as going out to a bar or so?” she says.
“Dean, I don’t—”
Cas is staring at Dean who still has his eyes shut, listening.
he thinks. Cola, really?
“I’m going with you,” Charlie says, leaving the room to the boys.
“No, I mean it. Thank you, Dean.”
“No!” he replies, very much offended.
What was happening?
Cas moves in for a hug. “Thank you,” he says softly and a smile spreads on Dean’s face. This is when he meets Benny’s eye over Cas’s shoulder. He lets go of him.
Cas sat there a little longer but the air around him became gradually colder as the sun moved across the sky and found retreat behind the nearby trees. He could really use some hot coffee, so he decided to head for the diner Dean had told him to go.
“Here,” he said and handed Dean a set of his own clothes. The boxer briefs he managed himself but Cas had to help him into his shirt. He felt so annoyingly weak.
“You’re giving me your credit card?”
“Let’s go back to the hotel,” Cas says and Dean nods in response, slipping a hand into his.
“Cas. Nice to meet you.”
“My first reaction too,” Dean says and drops Sam’s backpack onto the bed. “Don’t get too comfortable, though. We want your ass outta here by Saturday.”
“Was this not—”
Then he remembered that he should call his mother. It was probably for the best to do this now, so he wouldn’t have the unpleasantness of this unnerving conversation sitting on his shoulders when he and Cas would get to it.
“Wha—What?” she says, her eyes switching between Dean and Cas.
“Of course I’m drunk. I haven’t had a proper drink since before Clara was born,” she slurred and let her head fall into her wife’s lap.
“You’ll find someone.”
The ring purchase was a quick undertaking and now they’re here, at the Jackson County Courthouse and Dean can’t believe he’s actually getting married to a stranger. He doesn’t know how long this has to last for neither of them to get into trouble but one thing he is certain about: his family can never know. Not even Sammy. Especially not Sammy, the aspiring law school student.
“Come on! You need to be more open to new things.”
“Uh, yes… Toast, please,” he said.
“That’s good,” Dean said and sipped his hot coffee. “What are you going to do today? Got any plans?”
“That’s good to hear. What about you, Dean, tell us something about yourself?”
As opposed to the last time he had seen him, Cas’s outfit was far less formal today. He was wearing jeans and a Duke University hoodie and his tired face lightened up as soon as he noticed Dean walking up to him.
They got dressed again after cleaning up the night before and sometime after that, Dean doesn’t know when, he fell asleep.
It’s cloudy today and not many people are out on the sidewalk but Cas remains wary, yet curious, taking his time to take it all in, stretching his neck to look at the—not very tall—buildings. To Dean, there’s nothing remotely interesting out here. He’s known these streets and houses, even the trees on the side of the road, all his life, has seen shops come and go, becoming more tourist-y over the years. Cas has probably never dared to come this close to a center of human population. “Where are we going?” he asks, Dean patiently waiting on the steps that lead up to the entrance.
“Oh, right, Kelly mentioned something like this,” Cas remembers.
“You can do this, I’m sure,” Dean encouraged him, rubbing his back as he sat next to him on the living room sofa. “I’ll leave you alone,” he said after a minute.
“What did she say?” Dean asks.
“Brits,” he asks Sam when they reach him, “in the off-season?”
“In your underwear.”
“Something wrong?”
“Because you love to snuggle up my back,” Dorothy replied and kissed her on the cheek.
Donna clears her throat and resumes. “Anyway, let me think. You seem very confident, good at handling difficult situations.”
He’s sleeping better that night than he thought was possible on this sofa.
“Have you ever been with a guy, Dean?” Gunnar asked.
Cas accepted it and told her, “It’s nice to meet you, too.”
“Wow, Cas, you’re really showing off today!” Dean said and somehow the angel appeared like he had a flush on his cheeks but this was probably just dirt or rust or lichens.
“We might come back to you in the next days if there’re more questions we need you to answer. In the meantime you can reach us under this number,” Cas said and handed her his card.
The day was a particularly hot one and Dean had forgotten to bring a water bottle with him and soon he felt a little dizzy.
He and Cas hadn’t made any previous plans to go back home together, sparing Dean the detour to Indianapolis. Apparently, Cas’s parents had bought him a plane ticket but it was one of his new friends who brought him to the airport. Charlie told him that as Dean wouldn’t have known. Usually, when Cas had the opportunity to fly, it was Dean who gave him a lift. This time, though, Cas didn’t ask and Dean didn’t offer.
“It’s getting late,” Cas says eventually.
“Yeah, I know.”
In the afternoon, Mr. Novak proceeded to prepare some hotdogs for the family and Meg brought some side dishes when she came with Michael and their children. For dessert Castiel’s mother had also made apple pie the day before.
“Someone forgot to clear out the alcohol,” he says, waving a small bottle of vodka at him.
“You said I could come over today and you’ll look at my designs when we talked on the phone last week, remember?”
Maybe Gabe was messing with his stuff when they lived together, yet this doesn’t explain why it skipped half of the previous track and started in the middle of another song.
slips from his mind more and more often and he has to mentally chastise himself for every time he forgets. He doesn’t
Two days after their first evening together, Cas met Charlie in the laundry room. Cas tried his best not to look at the panties he spotted here and there between T-shirts with all kinds of geeky prints on them.
“Are we—are we good? Are we okay? After the… You know.”
“Yes. It’s like a pre-premiere for his new show.”
“Are the others up yet?” she asks.
Afterwards, she felt like it had barely made a difference, so she stepped back inside before having even left the bathroom. She soaped and rinsed multiple times until she felt somewhat better about her bodily hygiene.
“What was it about with the kiss?” he says.
“I was hoping we could talk some more.”
“Same,” Dean says and subconsciously pulls Cas closer.
“Just consider it, Dean,” he says, “the history, the people, the language, the
“Thanks, I guess. And no, I’m definitely not gay. Women are great. I love women and I wouldn’t refuse a serious offer if I got one, but since I’m…”
“Sure,” Dean replied. “And I already miss sleeping on the couch. ‘Cause why sleep on memory foam when you can have that.”
“She’s way ahead of me. She could totally kick my ass. But I think that’s cool.”
Finally, Dean managed to sit up. He wanted to puke, now, but that wasn’t the appropriate thing to do, considering where he was.
The world spins for a moment when they land in an alleyway. Dean lets go of Jack’s hand and tries to breathe. “I’ll never get used to this,” he wheezes. “So,” he says, still gasping, “where’s the beach?”
Cas, who had been outside talking on the phone, re-entered the room when Dean opened his second tiny bottle of booze.
“Shh, you’re supposed to listen. I was born in Lawrence, Kansas, but I grew up in Lebanon, also Kansas. I have a younger brother named Sam who recently moved to California with a full scholarship to Stanford University, so you can imagine how proud I am. I love classic rock and classic cars and pie.”
“And Jack appears to be incredibly innocent for his age. I mean the boy is at least 22 but I’m not so sure if he even knows how babies are actually made,” Jesse says.
“Ashley had a boyfriend?” Dean asked.
Dean takes one last look at the boy’s bland face and then thanks the doctor for his time.
“So you were watching me while I was sleeping.”
The first time Aaron had met Cas had been awkward. It hadn’t even been planned. Aaron had come to pick up Dean for their date and Cas had answered the door. Dean had been acting so weird that Aaron now thought he didn’t particularly like Cas. He had no idea Dean and Cas were actually best friends. Aaron thought Charlie was Dean’s best friend—which wasn’t wrong. But Dean hadn’t clarified the misinterpretation either. Anyhow, since he and Aaron had gotten together, he and Cas didn’t spend that much time together anymore. During their free time Dean was mostly with Aaron and Cas was doing church stuff. Dean didn’t even know what exactly that was. And he had never met any of Cas’s new friends. Maybe they had actually stopped being best friends and Dean wasn’t lying so much to Aaron after all. Well, not so much lying but avoiding certain truths.
“I bet you’ve at least once in your life made a Pinterest board, Rapunzel.”
“Stop insisting on being a fuck-up or I’ll do it again.”
“Yes, the mirror increases the power of the spell. And you should mean it, I guess.”
“Dean,” he says, without turning around, “could you please go to your room. I need to concentrate.”
“Uh, I… Can I ask you something?” Dean stammered.
The next day he spends a lot of time thinking about what he should wear. Usually, he doesn’t put that much effort into his clothing. His hair, yes. But when it comes to his attire he’s less picky. Tonight is different, though. It’s Dean. For some reason, Dean is special.
“Please, Cas! I beg you and Claire to come. Please, please,
Maybe it was just the way in which he got touched, the caresses—Cas must have pushed all the right buttons, a lucky chance. And in the end, it was just a mouth on his dick. Could have been anyone. A blowjob is a blowjob, right? Lips and tongues all feel the same. His eyes were closed most of the time anyway and what matters is the touch itself, the sensation of wetness and warmth, combined with gentle pressure. The hand on his thigh, too, helped, but a hand is a hand as well, one as good as another. It doesn’t matter if either, hand or mouth, belong to a woman or a guy. And it’s not like Dean asked for it. He was offered a free BJ and it did the deed. Nothing wrong about that.
What follows then is too much for Dean to keep it together. He would’ve paid good money to see this, had he known this was possible for Cas to put on. He looks like a parody of himself and it’s hilarious.
“No, thanks, I’m good,” he said and sunk a little more into his seat as he spoke.
Just a few seconds later, his phone chimes with Cas’s name flashing on the display.
“So, uh, Dean, do you wanna come over next Saturday, have a few beers, maybe watch a movie together? We haven’t spent a lot of time together lately, you know, just the two of us. Not too late, though, I have a shift on Sunday.”
Dean snorts. “I know. But don’t underestimate it.”
“Dean,” Cas sighs and Dean is pleased to realize he’s gotten hard until Cas, again, breathes, “Dean,” and Dean worries for a second that Cas couldn’t be okay with this for some reason other than some angels might not enjoying sex and Dean is overstepping his boundaries but then he feels something poke his thigh and when Dean pulls back for a second, Cas’s pupils are wide like the ocean right around the corner.
“This feels like summer camp all over again,” Cas states when they’re done.
“Cas?” the new guy asks.
“That’s so great, Dean, really. I’m happy for you.”
“Aren’t you Balthazar’s friend?” Cain interrupts.
Cas shrugged his shoulders and leaned back into his seat again. He hadn’t paid attention while talking to his mom and Dean was probably right.
“You’re gonna do good, I’m sure of that,” Dean reassured his old friend.
That was enough. Dean pushed back his chair hard enough that it dared to fall over for a second. “Come on, Cas. Let’s go back to my room.” Cas didn’t say anything as he got up too and followed Dean upstairs.
“The police first suspected his fiancée as it turned out that their marriage had been arranged by her parents but the girl has an alibi.”
“Good. I’ll just get this inside for you first,” Dean tells him and snatches the ripped box away from under Cas’s nose before he can even think of trying to grab it again.
Twenty minutes into the lecture, the girl accidentally dropped her pen. It hit the floor under Cas’s desk and he stretched his hand down to pick it up and handed it back to her. ‘Thank you,’ she mouthed. There had been a hint of a smile on her face.
Gabriel and Kelvin—
Charlie looked up from her phone and down along the length of her body. “Yeah?”
“I also had the impression she’s overly nice when I first met her,” Cas says, “until the thing on the bridge happened, how she yelled at us. And her fierce look in that moment—she’s such an authority; she scared me, really.”
“Awesome,” Dean says with a big smile on his face. He’s never had this kind of luxury in his life.
“How are you, Dean?” his gravelly voice echoes from the speaker.
“You’re kidding, right?” Dean says.
When he’s almost home, Dean calls him and asks if he wants to go out for a drink or two and because it’s Friday and he’s been through a lot lately Cas thinks he deserves that.
“Castiel, of course you do. You’re a great person; don’t diminish yourself,” Father Jim said and put a hand on Cas’s back. “You should talk to Dean and ask him to be friends again, okay?”
for the first time this year. Charlie had Dorothy and Dean had Aaron and they mostly met as a group, so they didn’t have much time alone with each other.
“John, what are you talking about?” Mary asked.
When Cas had dressed in fresh clothes after his shower, there was a knock on his door. It was Dean who went to sit on his bed as he had entered the room. “You really don’t have much stuff aside from books.”
“Don’t be shy. She’s all yours. You wanna get inside?”
Cas liked this. Mandy’s hair felt like silk under his fingers, her skin was warm and her lips were soft. He could have kept this up forever.
He’s tried, he really tried. He wanted to make it work with Cassie and Lisa but it didn’t and it’s because of this life. He can never escape it, doesn’t even want to anymore. He’ll always be a hunter and hunting and a stable relationship are two things that don’t work together.
“No, Claire, wait!”
“Sorry, Jody,” Cas murmurs.
“Sure, we can definitely do that,” Jody says after finding her composure again. “You in?”
“She won’t be staying with mom?”
“He’s not naked.”
“And what were you planning on wearing that night?” She stops her search to hear him out.
I hope you had a good time - I definitely did, writing a fake relationship fic for the first time.
“He can’t even make up his mind about what he’s into. Last time I remember, he made out with a dude, with beard and all.”
“The reason I haven’t told you about Dean before we got married is that—” He takes a moment to find his composure. “I hadn’t met Dean before that. Less than 24 hours had passed between us meeting at a bar and tying the knot.”
“Doesn’t matter,” Dean said and swallowed his urge to just let go and cry. “I’m not even sure we’re friends anymore.”
“I’m from South Dakota,” Jody says.
“That’s why this process is taking so long. You need to be really sure. Five years is a long time to think,” Cas explained.
Dean didn’t know how to react. Somehow he was sure Cas would start to loudly predict stuff like Dean’s certain descent to hell if it ever came up that he was bisexual and fantasized about sucking cock.
“So, uh, does that mean you’re a, you’re a, uh…”
“Why, because I know blockbusters based on successful book series?”
Dean swallowed heavily. He had done Cas wrong despite knowing better.
“Oh, I’m not from out of town. I just had to quickly find a new place to stay after my divorce and…you know.”
Dean eyes sparkle. “Really?”
Charlie later told them that a girl had come up to her afterwards, telling her how she had always felt close to her best friend, another girl. Some day she grasped that she might be in love with her but couldn’t fully understand her feelings because this was never supposed to happen. The plan had been for her to find a man, get married, have babies with him. How could that plan ever be accomplished if she swapped the guy for a girl? Caught in the tight corset of rules she had been raised with this was just impossible. But it didn’t have to be—Charlie made her realize that.
Although the situation appears to be fucked up right now, he should probably sit through this one. For better or worse. At least Dean seems to have arranged that he’ll only be working with Benny anyway from now on.
“When you’re working with sharp tools. I don’t think someone could get hurt by a brush.”
“How so?” she asks.
Dean positions himself between Cas’s legs, applies some more lube and then begins to slowly push into Cas’s hole. He feels so good, so full but it’s not enough so he grabs Dean’s ass and signals him to go deeper.
“You could draw me,” he says, “you know, for reference,” and Dean certainly doesn’t miss that smirk.
When they finally arrive at the estancia, Jody comes up to him and asks, “Hey, Cas, are you alright? You look like there’s something on your mind.”
“And the en suite bathroom,” Cas says, exposing dark gray tiles behind the door.
“Dean, look,” Sam calms him, “it’s just two singles pushed together.” He pulls the beds apart and Dean eases, dropping his bag on the one closer by the door. As usual, he doesn’t unpack everything, always ready to leave quickly in case of an emergency, but sets his beach towel, sunscreen, swim trunks and another T-shirt on the mattress. Sam leaves for the bathroom to change so Dean quickly slips out of his jeans and makes himself ready to go to the beach.
He had gotten hard and couldn’t stop thinking about Meg’s breasts peeking out from under the sky blue fabric of her dress.
“It’s okay,” Cas says, takes off his coat and takes a seat with them.
Dean raised an eyebrow in question as he took a sip from his cup.
“You mean, for you to move in to?”
“What do you think now that you’re seeing all the pieces being put together?”
“Hey, stay in here until I’ve put some pants on,” Dean told him when Aaron opened the door and walked out into the common living area.
“Yeah, me too.”
Let the pining begin!
“Give them time,” a deep, growly voice said.
“Yeah, exactly. That’s what I wanted to talk about. I know it’s crazy… I mean, I have Cassie and Cas is, you know… But when we got back to our rooms yesterday night, I swear there was a moment between us.”
“I didn’t say that, Dean. I just want to know why you’re so desperate about him.”
He has come really far out, Dean realizes. Turning slightly, he looks back towards the beach. Still, no-one is around and it only now occurs to him that he is doomed should he loose his footing. What would he give for his childish naivety now…
“God, Cas, yeah!” she moaned and rocked her hips against his crotch, eyes closed. “Touch me!”
“Can you talk to fish?” Had anyone ever asked him what he would say should he encounter a merman one day, Dean would have had so many sharp-witted, meaningful questions. And all he can think of is that.
The man tilts his head to the side, watching him with intent and then it hits him. This is the guy—the naked guy who supposedly died two days ago. “How did you….,” Dean murmurs, more to himself than directed at the naked rock climber.
“Hello, Dean. You’ve met Claire.”
“Really? And when did you get up?”
“What?” Dean asks, slightly horrified by the sound of her suggestion.
“Thanks, but if I wanted to eat ramen or canned soup every day, I could do the cooking myself,” Cas dismisses his offer.
“Let me figure out the details. Anyway, I need you to behave.”
After the second it takes Cas for Dean’s words to sink in, he grabs him by the collar of his shirt and Dean’s weight makes him stumble back against the door once again. He kisses Dean like he’s just come up for air after the longest, deepest dive ever. He seizes both sides of Dean’s face with his big hands, pulling him even closer and Dean just leans into him, pressing him against the door, clinging to his shoulders, winding his fingers from the base of his neck around the back, the tips digging into the flesh just above the hairline.
“He seems like a really nice young men,” Father Jim said when Dean was out of earshot.
a way you could help me,” he says eventually, “a way we could help each other.”
“Yeah, I know.”
“I didn’t mean to,” she says, hastily drinking what hasn’t been spilled of her tea. “I’m sorry. I didn’t expect…”
“Does this mean you’re not buying any of this?” Emma asks.
It’s still early on this Tuesday evening and a quick look outside confirms that Cas’s car is parked in front of his house. Luckily, Dean’s bought a six-pack on his way home from work which should be enough of an excuse to stop by Cas’s place.
“My brother called,” he says then.
“Uh, maybe…”
“Good,” Dean says, munching his pie. “I’ve got a new client who’ll bring quite a lot of money. It’s a big project. He’s got a ’78 Lincoln Continental. It’s a wreck and we gotta rebuild everything.”
“It wouldn’t cost you much, Dean. Just sign a few forms and pretend to be head over heels for me for a while. You would live at my place for free. I have enough space. You would even have your own room and bathroom. Obviously, you cannot have any amorous relations as long as we’re keeping up this sham but, like everything about this, it’s only temporary.”
Cas was excited but also stressed out that he hadn’t had time to buy condoms before reaching her house. He felt stupid for his unnecessary worries because he wasn’t actually thinking they were going to have sex right now. This needed preparation.
“Yeah, probably. But the car will be pretty packed with all your stuff. I have long legs, I need my space.”
“Sorry, no… I just can’t have another conversation like this now. In brief, I think I made a mistake becoming a clergyman and I need to try living another life.”
“I wish we had it on camera,” Dean says, shoving the remainder of his peanuts towards Cas.
“So you don’t really know the rules?”
“What are you saying?”
“I didn’t, I… You know what? This conversation is officially over now. Get better soon,” Dean says and turns on his heel.
Dean’s eyes are overflowing with tears. He’s coughing up blood. His arms reach out for Cas’s coat and finally—
“I’m sorry,” she says, a comforting hand on Castiel’s back.
A few minutes pass, enough for Dean to consider going back and asking if the guy needs any help, but comes to the conclusion that this would be weird and opts for rather making fresh coffee and sandwiches. Gladly, the man emerges from his bedroom not much later, fully dressed.
“Awesome,” Dean says and Cas reaches for the box of tissues on the side table.
Cas gapes at him. So, the blowjob doesn’t seem to be that much of an elephant in the room. “I’m… Yes, of course,” he says. “Apology accepted.”
“Yah,” she says with a smile, “Doug brought an extra box of donuts today. Just for me. I have them hidden in my office so the other sweet teeth won’t get to it while I’m away. I believe you could use a little comfort food.”
“He is, yes. But that’s not why—my father wasn’t the best parent, okay? He had a lot of issues, especially after Mom died. And his issues sort of became our issues, understand? People…humans don’t always get along with their parents. As much as we rely on them compared to other species, our relationship with them isn’t always a good one.”
“The cat walked between my feet,” he says as if that’s an answer to the guy’s question.
“Yes, that’s me,” Dean confirmed.
Sam leans over the table, awkwardly hugging his brother. “Congratulations for aging another year,” Dean says and hands over the gift bag he brought.
“Thank you,” Dean says.
The thing is, however, as much as their sham doesn’t require kissing anymore—Pam won’t need that either, were Dean to ever introduce her to Cas—Dean wants to. He wants to kiss Cas. Not once. Not twice. He wants to kiss him just for reasons of indulgence and see where they go from there. This isn’t because he’s horny, he’s almost certain. This isn’t about sex. He wants Cas to be close to him. He likes Cas, very much. They’re good friends. They’re best friends, probably. They’re the only ones who know their secret and who they can be completely honest with. They’re partners in crime. Literally.
He’s about to walk away again but Dean catches his arm. “Cas,” he says, looking deep into his eyes, searching.
“We’re so proud of you, Dean,” Mary said. “And you too, Cas. You two looked so good in your outfits.” Although their parents had met for the first time that day, they got along pretty well. Even John was nice, which wasn’t actually surprising as Cas’s parents were as conservative as he was. They showed each other the photos they had taken with their phones and promised to e-mail the ones that flattered Dean and Cas the most to each other. Dean found the conversation about their grade of handsomeness in those pictures slightly embarrassing.
“No,” says Meg without moving and Dean rolls his eyes.
Yet, on Monday he feels well enough to go to work and the day after that he’s fully recovered and on Wednesday they’re having cake at work because it’s Hannah’s birthday. All in all, this has been a good week and on Thursday he even receives a text message from Claire, though it ends with a warning to expect a call from her mother in the evening.
“I’m so sorry, Cas,” Dean told him, framing his face with his hands and pulling him in for a kiss.
Meg pulled over and shut off the engine. “What? Are you seriously telling me this just like that, minutes before you’ll be gone for good?”
“But he’s our client! It’s only polite.”
“It happened a long time ago. Though dating hasn’t really worked out for me yet. But I have four wonderful daughters.”
“I’ll do that. Thank you, Father, for listening.”
“You’re much cooler than you look,” she says then and Dean just gapes at her while he thinks of a good comeback but Cas is already walking back into the kitchen, so Dean quickly hides his arm under the table where he pulls his sleeve back down.
He can hear faint voices from the living room. It sounds like a chant in a language unknown to Cas and he feels like every gothic horror novel he’s ever read has ultimately become real.
“I also wanted to see you again, Dean,” he resumed and Dean hitched a silent breath. “When we parted that day, in front of my parents’ house, I didn’t think we wouldn’t see each other again for six years. I misjudged how things would go with the seminary and I’m sorry for that. There were times when I really missed my best friend.”
Sometimes, he feels lonely. He has always been alone. He never knew what it’s like to have a sibling and now that he got to see Sam and Dean together, he kind of wishes he had.
“Okay. So, another topic, mmh… Married? Kids?”
“Mhm,” Cas hummed and caught Dean’s lips in a kiss.
Dean is angry. He hasn’t felt this strongly in forever. He hasn’t felt anything. He was too scared to let himself feel.
“Hey there, stranger,” Dean says as he embraces his brother after Sam’s walked into the arrival area at MCI.
“There, you didn’t even look at me when you said that.”
“I love you too, Dean,” Cas said and hugged him tightly.
“How are you, buddy?”
“That’s good,” Cas says.
“That’s not entirely true, Dean,” Sam says. “You know a lot. You’re very smart.”
Cas took a deep breath. “Fine, I’m coming with you. But only for a moment, to get out of here.”
Cas’s ears are suddenly on high alert. “What did he tell you?”
Dean’s smile is enough to boost his courage and Cas feels he can’t lose anything anymore. “I like this sweater on you, by the way. It suits you very well.”
Cas sighed. He typed something into his phone and handed it over to Dean. “The incident hasn’t even been covered in a proper article; it’s just the photo along with a brief caption,” he said.
Dean knows that this isn’t scheduled for another two hours but lets it slide. Cas is much more scared of things going wrong with Sam than he is, though Dean has ensured him a dozen times that he wouldn’t snitch even if he found out the truth.
Emphasized warning for John Winchester's A+ parenting and homophobia.
“We’re not!?” Dean’s words echo from the walls.
” she said and glanced back at her husband.
“Alright, yeah. I guess we better get moving then.”
“Yes. I don’t know who or what you are and you don’t have to tell me. You mean well, that’s obvious, you’re no threat whatsoever. You’re at a crossroads. Great uncertainty lies ahead of you. Many obstacles have to be overcome to get where you want to be.”
“Yeah.”
“Hey, Dean,” he says after a minute.
“Dean?”
“Thank you, Charlie,” Cas said and hugged her. “I just wish Dean would also see it this way.”
“He put so much hope in his legacy—me. But I was never the child prodigy he wanted. I was ambitious, yes, but I lacked the talent. You could’ve expected more from my parents’ offspring. I have my father’s genes, so why can’t I be like him?”
“Thanks,” Dean mumbled as he accepted the cookies. “Did your Bible club friend give you a lift again?” he asked.
“There’s no one there.”
They had been silent, aside from Dean’s occasional comment about the engine’s sound. Then Gunnar said, “You know what…I think it won’t hurt if I let you behind the wheel for a moment.”
“At least come to the party afterwards,” Benny said. “Everyone will be there.”
After Alfie has excused himself to get another drink, another redhead comes to stand beside him. “I haven’t seen you around,” she says.
“Now bring me that beer, please,” John said and Dean walked Cas back into to house.
“He’s, uh, he’s still adjusting, I guess.”
“Oh, okay, well…whatever,” Dean says and drinks as well.
“Because of you, dumbass.”
Cas gasped, somehow terrified that Dean would find out he had been listening the whole time. Instead of answering he quickly turned on his heel and rushed out into the hallway. He really didn’t need to stay for their make-up sex or whatever they had in mind.
The water is being turned off and not much later, his guest steps out of the bathroom, still mostly wet and with the towel around his hips like Dean had done it before.
“What are you talking about?”
“That’s disgusting.
“Then what are you even doing here?”
“So…that’s it? Just like that? Why has it never worked before?”
“I wouldn’t call what you did very collegial,” Castiel says.
He took a deep breath before replying, “I don’t have an actual job at the moment but I’m volunteering as a social worker. I want to do more counseling in the future.”
