So Amber was around Tony for most of the day, which meant that since she didn’t seem to like Steve, he couldn’t be near Tony for most of the day.
.” There was only deadly promise in his voice, in the gleam of his stare as he stood close to Ty and looked him straight in the eyes.
Stark’s eyebrows went up in disbelief. “That coffee looked like it was steaming hot. Look, tough guy, there’s a sickbay, we can— Huh. I could have sworn your skin looked red earlier.”
Tony did make a joke about slinky leather catsuits that superheroes and villains always wore in the movies and how come no one in real life did that. Maybe Steve should get a slinky leather catsuit, with a plunging neckline to show off his muscles, and present himself in it as a present for Tony…
After all, Steve had to keep Tony on his toes too.
“I’m fine. A little busy as well.”
It was slick skin on skin, bodies crashing together in desperate want and pheromones filling the air. Strident cries and gasps as they moved in unison, legs parted, calves tensing, thighs pumping, cock feeding into hungry wet hole.
Then, Tony added, “Oh, also, there’s going to be a mud wrestling pit, laser tag and some party related games outside after the masquerade. It won’t matter if you join in or not, that’s just some extra fun for everyone. And a good way for some of you to show off whatever hidden talents you have.”
Steve frowned up at her from where he was writing today’s report. “What do you mean?”
“But it’s a formal setting here,” Steve said with a grin hidden behind the mask.
“You’re amazing,” Steve murmured, barely audible.
Tony patted him on the shoulder and Steve tried to relax a little, realized he was clenching his teeth at the memory of said lies. “To be fair, most Courting Ceremonies are on a much smaller scale than this. And the talk in the news probably weren’t all lies.”
to him. Not sweet like a sugary scent, but like thick, smooth honey at the back of his throat.
“Tony, you’re so wet,” Steve whispered, the words so dirty but earnest, a statement of the situation made filthy when issued from Steve’s lips.
That was important but hardly comforting.
“Not because of anything else?”
Tony cleared his throat again, looking a little flustered. “I do. I mean, yes, same. We’re on the same page on that. And then there’s how we’re currently living in different cities, but I think that’s fine, I can relocate any time, if you’re fine with me joining your Avengers team.”
. Everything felt too warm and his collar was already unbuttoned, but he wanted to unbutton it even more. He wanted more air, cool air against his cheeks, but he didn’t want to put down the sunroof because…because it didn’t feel safe. He didn’t want the night sky above his head, he wanted to be home, in his den, in his nest.
“I would be honored,” Steve said with a smile of his own, drawing a beaming Tony close for another kiss, this one slower, with a tease of tongue and parted lips which had Tony groaning and clutching at his shoulders.
,” he continued, tapping on the motorcycle earring. “You’re lucky I didn’t include cheeseburger scent too, something you actually mentioned to the Scentears salesman. Oh, to have seen his face!”
“How many people can say they were showered in come?” Tony pointed out. “I can cross it off my bucket list.”
# # # # # #
“Yep. Being furry and four legged isn’t going to stop their bickering,” Sam said with a grin. “And that alien dude was so shocked that they didn’t stop fighting him either, even after he transformed them.”
Bucky was very, very confused.
The woman’s face lit up with joy when Tony accepted her gift, clasping her hands to her chest in disbelief. On one hand, it was a relief to know that such gifts were well received by Tony. On the other hand, her artwork looked a lot more professional than anything Steve could ever produce. He was starting to feel a little sick at how inadequate his gifts might be.
Steve had a moment of hesitation, knowing he had Tony on the couch, Fury on his doorstep, and both of his previously separate worlds were going to collide, and collide
“And that you were in love with him and would have married him except Obadiah Stane leaked old pictures of you having sex with an Alpha, a Beta and an Omega, all at once, which was enough of a scandal that Howard had to cancel your only Courting Ceremony and Tiberius broke up with you,” Steve said in a rush of words. He was frowning, looking torn, before he burst out saying, “And I know it was horrible and unfair that your privacy was invaded in that way, and that Tiberius had so little loyalty to you, but I’m relieved you never went ahead with that Courting Ceremony and ended up marrying someone like Tiberius Stone. He doesn’t deserve you.”
“Thank you for coming back,” Steve just said.
Steve was already picking up the box with a grin. He clearly didn’t care about etiquette either.
Steve looked down and said with a hint of a smile in his voice, “Are you crying?”
Something occurred to him, something Tony had said earlier. Steve frowned and asked, “When I said this Courting Ceremony is for you to meet people and be sure about who you chose, you said that wasn’t what it’s for. What is it for then?”
Suddenly, it was like his head cleared. He could breathe again, could look around and recognize his bedroom. Their bedroom.
“Tony, please,” Steve begged, legs trembling.
Shrugging, Tony said, “I just wanted to check… I made myself the same size and shape as most two-legs so that we would be on the same playing field together, but also...I have a mission to complete, Steve.”
F.R.I.D.A.Y. responded, “I’ve left a messa—”
On the day of the ceremony, right before he was supposed to dress and leave for the event where he would present himself to Tony, compete with all the other suitors there, Steve found that he wasn’t sure he was worthy of Tony’s attention after all.
“I’m sorry, Captain Alpha, how will you ever forgive me?” Tony asked, faux mournful.
Steve knew his worries were absurd, but it didn’t stop him from running faster and faster until he had almost worked himself into a lather by the time he came back to the usual spot near the rockpools at the allotted time. He waded into the water immediately and stood there, breath coming in fast and chest heaving. He held his breath, waiting.
to participate, right?”
Despite the giant aquarium that was finally ready for use in the living room, Tony still seemed to prefer working on the desk, where he was near to Steve. Steve was used to being at his desk and having Tony there with him as well, usually with two little robots zooming about on the wooden surface.
Steve looked at him, confused. “We are flying right now.”
Tony shook his head. “Fine, if it’s not all those things then… Then...you’re serious?”
Tony gasped, a tiny sound that was more felt through Steve’s palm than heard. “You can’t be serious…”
“I know it’s weird alright, shut up, we don’t have to talk about this,” Tony said with a hard glare upwards.
Chased by a sense of unease, Steve waded out of the water and started his usual routine when Tony came down to the beach with him, keeping his morning jog to the beach.
Their kisses slowed eventually, from deeply passionate and exploratory plundering to softly savoring and sweet pecks, always going back for another kiss like they couldn’t quite stand to stop now. Steve rubbed his cheek against Tony’s, unable to resist at all, and Tony responded by dragging his wrists against the sides of Steve’s neck. The mutual scent-marking sent shivers down Steve’s spine and he gasped, to which Tony only rubbed his cheek with enthusiasm against Steve’s ear.
Rhodey and Pepper were Tony’s closest friends and he talked about them on occasion, usually with great fondness. Steve frowned as he straightened up. “Did something happen?”
What the hell indeed.
“Tastes nicer when it’s someone else’s,” Sam said with a grin.
They both gave him a blank look, like he had suggested something completely incomprehensible.
,” Sam said, nose-wrinkling.
“Steve,” Tony said in his ear in a long and entirely satisfied exhalation, like he was just luxuriating in how the name rolled off his tongue.
Thor looked crestfallen. “I’m sorry to hear that. I had hoped to present an exotic gift, but did not take into account your busy lifestyle that is unsuited for pets. This has been a costly misstep.”
Steve knew what he was seeing, knew every sketch on those pages. Some of those sketches were of buildings and streets, all he could allow himself to focus on when he first came out from the ice. Then interspaced between the landscapes were his past, sketches of Bucky, Peggy, Colonel Phillips, Erskine, his mother…
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve said with the kind of warmth in his voice that made Tony’s toes curled with happiness. He added with a teasing smile, “I accept this normal non-Courting gift.”
“Wait until the media circus lands, you might change your tune then,” Tony said with a sigh, like he expected this piece of information to scare Steve away.
“Where did you get a wrench so small?”
Taking all this in, Steve asked hesitantly, “So you leaked out your own photos?”
Steve caught his mindlessly roaming hands, stilled them until Tony looked up again, trying to work through his daze. Breathing in deeply, Steve’s nose flared. “Your heat is starting.”
“I’m glad you think so,” Steve said, looking back at him from beneath his dark blond lashes, blinking slowly. What an outrageous flirt! Tony loved it.
Instead of speaking through their minds, Tony made a high pitched squeak that ended with a click, the sharpness of the first note enough to make Steve wince.
“Yes, but I’m a smart one.”
And promptly toppled over.
“This doesn’t really do anything for me.”
He hauled Steve down by the back of his neck, kissing him voraciously, lips parted to drink him in and suck on his tongue lewdly. Oh, he could feel Steve’s smug smile against his own mouth and he didn’t care at all. Steve deserved to be completely smug, that fine specimen of an Alpha. When Steve continued down his shirt, popping each button off as he went with nimble fingers, Tony could only gasp and kiss him harder.
Tony said, sounding offended for all the wrong reasons, like a few million dollars was so paltry that thinking Tony had to steal it was just an insult.
He logged onto the website with the credentials that had been sent to him. He had gotten his gifts ready and now was time for his interview. Despite the complaints aired, it made sense to Steve that there was a screening process since the number of people who wanted to court Tony was likely very, very high, and it wouldn’t be possible to let all of them into the ceremony. Not unless they wanted to host this at a stadium.
Steve frowned and explained, “They look like really nice pearls. You should keep them instead or save them for when you really need to use them.”
# # # # # #
“So you knew all along,” Steve said with some uncertainty.
“Seemed like a bad one,” Steve said with a grimace of empathy. Then he asked tentatively, “Do you want to talk about it?”
“Why did Stane do that?” Steve asked, puzzled. “Nat said he wouldn’t have wanted Ty marrying you and having another Alpha interfering with Stark Industries’ business. It would have jeopardized his position in the company.”
This time, Steve thought he rather liked it.
It was a little bit surprising, not because Tony was an Omega and should have some inner instinct for caretaking and homemaking, which was a lot of nonsense. In many ways, Tony didn’t at all fit the usual Omega stereotypes, which was understandable because Steve had never met a single Omega who conformed to all the stereotypes.
By the time they landed on the rooftop of the Avengers tower, Steve’s hair was a windblown mess and his cheeks were flushed from the experience. Steve wished he didn’t have to let go of Tony before realizing he didn’t have to, not this time. He dropped his arm from Tony’s shoulders but dragged his hand down the red and gold armor until he could twine his fingers with Tony’s gauntlet. The faceplate drew away in a retreat of shimmering nanites to reveal Tony’s wide-eyed stare, fixed on their joined hands.
T’Challa’s eyes were wide. So was everyone else’s as they all stared at the sight of Tony curled up for what seemed to be a nap on the King of Wakanda’s lap.
“Not ganging up on you. It was just a statement of fact,” Steve said, staving off an upcoming sulk by rubbing a hand over Tony’s arm and then nudging his plate of food closer to Tony. “Eat something?”
“Hmm… It’s definitely worked wonders on you,” Tony agreed peaceably, reaching up and patting Steve on the bicep.
“Please, Pepper could run circles around you before her first coffee of the morning,” Tony scoffed. “And you keep calling me desperate, but you know, no matter how desperate I ever become, I would still never choose
“I’m very worried, Captain, and the longer I stand out here, the more worried I get. Along with the rest of S.H.I.E.L.D.,” Fury said in a biting tone. The message was delivered loud and clear. He had S.H.I.E.L.D. agents out there, ready to move in. Something had pinged their radar hard enough to have them worried.
“Maybe a little. Tony always said the Rogers charm can be quite lethal.”
“Are you alright?” And all of a sudden, Stark was right there in his personal space, hands reaching out but pausing as if unsure what to do. “Damn, are you burned?”
“It’s Kenny,” the dark-haired beauty said with a look of distinct annoyance. Good. Kenny took Tony’s hand, and Tony, knowing he was being an utter dick but doing it anyway, stepped much too close to Kenny. He gave Kenny a perfunctory handshake but leaned in close so Kenny couldn’t miss Steve’s scent on Tony’s body, watched Kenny shift in discomfort before he finally stepped back, feeling satisfied with that mild show of dominance.
# # # # # #
“What payments?” Steve insisted, knowing by now that half of Tony’s bluster was a misdirection.
“Thanks,” Tony said, in a tone that hinted that he was laughing at Steve. “How about you? You seemed to know it was me even before I spoke.”
Bucky interrupted Steve’s morose thoughts. “What? You want to start looking for a Courting gift for a billionaire from Dollar Tree instead?”
More fluff and more smut! Hope you liked it!
Steve cleared his throat, aware that his hands were rubbing up and down Tony’s arms without his instruction but not intending to stop. “If it wasn’t obvious, I like you too. Very much.”
Why did it not surprise Bucky at all that they were both still bickering in the face of an alien invasion? Bucky had told Steve a dozen times over to stop moping around the planet while gazing longingly at newsfeeds of Tony, and just call the guy up already. Clear the air, sort things out over the phone. But no, Steve was all, “You don’t understand, Bucky. It isn’t so simple, Bucky. And oh, isn’t Tony so handsome, I hope he’s getting enough sleep, blah blah blah.”
Their group walked along the curved wall of the vast hall, ensuring they kept a vantage point of the wide open area out of habit. The whole place had been sprayed with a mostly neutral scent of spring water, the only way to mask the scents of so many people in one place. Scents from individuals were still detectable, but they had to be standing pretty close. Right now, Steve could only smell the comforting scent of his team as they walked close together, the familiar scent that let him know they had his back.
The day started like any other day.
A black streak dashed past where Bucky and Bruce were standing and suddenly, Tony was climbing up Rhodes’ legs, shimmying up him like he was a tree. Rhodes helped, bending a little before finally scooping him up. Then Tony was in Rhodes’ arms and rubbing his cheeks against Rhodes’ shoulder and chest and wherever he could reach, purring up a storm.
Oh, damnit. All the clues came together in the back of his mind and in three long strides, Steve was at the workbench. He ripped open the delicate wrapping paper and gently, lifted the lid of the box.
“I don’t think I want you to be breaking any royal feet
They were courtship bracelets, metal weaved in with fabric so that the fabric could soak up scents. The bracelets had been worn on Steve’s wrist for days already, so it strongly carried his scent. If Tony wore one of the twin bracelets, it would be a symbol of his acceptance of Steve’s courtship, signalling to the world that Steve was seriously courting him. Steve would wear the other bracelet, so they would be a matched pair, and they would swap the bracelets with each other from time to time to keep the scents fresh.
Steve cupped Tony’s cheek, running a thumb along the sharp line of his goatee, blue eyes soft as he said, “I am always interested. Trust me on this, Tony. There’s no one else in this world that interests me like you do.”
“You should carry me,” Tony says after a few minutes ofㅡblissfulㅡsilence.
When Steve followed that jawline, followed that sharp line of a dark goatee with his thumb, all the while still kissing Tony, he felt a low vibration against his lips, against his chest as Tony groaned. Tony’s hand dug into Steve’s hair, scratching lightly into his scalp, and Steve could only sigh into the kiss, part his lips for another taste-test, for more of the same.
“Lovely,” Steve murmured, sounding a little hoarse.
Just empty.
Except.
Steve blinked, mouth falling open again before he shook his head. “Of course… Magic. Of course.”
“I didn’t know that was a common practice. Back in our day, the one being courted kept all their suitors’ gifts, even the ones they didn’t choose at the end,” Steve said a little faintly, distracted. It had been unusual Courting Ceremony behavior that Tony had accepted and rejected gifts, instead of just accepting it all and making a final decision later.
“That’s still common for the most part, but big Courting Ceremonies like this or those televised reality courting shows tend to have different etiquette,” Tony explained.
It was then that Steve realized he was still standing really close to Tony, a thumb stroking over his neck.
Steve ignored them as he moodily continued his walk down the row of stores. That had been a complete wash. Scents were a very popular gift for Omegas, but it didn’t seem quite right for Tony.
Tony explained, before continuing,
Rubbing his forehead, Bruce frowned. “I don’t actually know. It’s hard to say with the two of them and it’s not like getting turned into animals is actually scientifically logical in the first place. And with Steve and Tony, they’ve always had this silent communication thing going on as well.”
Why was Steve smiling so much? Tony was fuming because those beautiful smiles were meant to be just for him. Just him.
Tony turned to look at Steve, anticipation coiling in his gut.
. Strategize. Deal with the dancing later.”
Over the next couple days, Steve had let go of the idea that this was a hallucination. It was too strange to be a hallucination.
“Just to lie down.” Tony turned and ran a hand over Steve’s bare chest, content that this wide beautiful expanse was his, all his.
The scent was intoxicating and Steve couldn’t help but press his lips against Tony’s pulsepoint, resting his mouth there as he felt that heartbeat against his skin and inhaled their entwined scents deep into his lungs.
After they danced, or at least attempted to dance, for a few more minutes, Rhodes excused himself with a faux bow, wincing a little as he walked away on trodden feet. Although Steve felt a little reassured that Rhodes didn’t seem to be against his courtship, he was still pretty terrified at the complete lack of progress he was making when it came to dancing.
“Oh, I’m… I didn’t mean to stress him out,” Steve said, feeling a little dejected.
Still, the panic in Tony’s voice left Steve feeling a little shaken and shocked.
Steve tilted his head, innocent. “Yeah, John. John Oliver. Dark hair, big dark eyes, witty and sarcastic, I can see why you might like him. He’s pretty cute. ”
His eyes landed on a lingerie store. Maybe Tony would prefer something racy for a Courting gift. No, not for Tony, because then that would be a present for
Wasn’t Steve even a little put out by all the other people circling Tony and showing intense interest in him?
, I had a mini panic attack, if that’s what counts as a good time.”
Bucky was rummaging in a small packet of popcorn that he had picked up from who knew where. He stopped to explain, “He was terrible at Courting gifts. He didn’t really spend any time on the gifts, just got whatever was easiest and fastest to obtain.”
The sketchbook was still in good condition but clearly well-loved; its cover was a little creased and there was a coffee ring stain on one corner when Thor had accidentally left his coffee mug on top of the sketchbook once. Most of the other sketchbooks were in similar condition, with a couple suffering a little more damage to the cover when Steve had unwisely taken them along for some sketching during those hurry-up-and-wait missions.
It wasn’t a few million dollars, give or take.
He watched as Amber suddenly leapt up into the air and breathed out a small fireball into the air. The attack didn’t seem directed at anything as she dove through her own fire and then flew around the room. Rather than be concerned that Amber was randomly spouting fire in the common room, Tony and Clint both clapped.
Okay, looked like today would be a day of food tasting. Tony was capable of eating human food, they had already tried it out before. But he had seemed content to eat whatever Steve was having, which was mostly rice and pasta. It seemed Tony was ready to branch out.
Smiling, Tony swallowed again. Oh, time to repay the favor.
Tony’s head bobbed up above the water as he touched Steve’s knee.
Sam marvelled, “How things have changed. You’re really messed up over Tony, aren’t you?” When Steve pretended not to hear him, Sam sighed and asked, “Did you always spend as long over each Courting gift? Because we’ve been at this for hours and you haven’t gotten a single thing.”
“I appreciate a man who isn’t afraid to call Iron Man a giant sex toy. After all, you have to admit, my armor is pretty sexy.”
Slowly, the Avengers team made their way onto the pages. There was a sketch of Nat’s profile as she looked out the window, cradling a mug. Some were just random parts of people, like a sketch of Thor’s braids and how his hair fell, or Clint’s forearm in a new brace he was wearing.
The Avengers initiative had been over within the space of one battle.
Tony wiped a hand over one cheek, the rest of his face thankfully free of semen, and said, “That was literally raining come.”
“Oh right, you probably aren’t so familiar with that part. So a lot of people have presented all kinds of extremely expensive gifts. Since I only get to pick one person, everyone else who signed up to be a suitor will be given a choice to get their courting gift back or donate it to charity. It’s considered quite gauche for the filthy rich to ask for their gifts back, so the vast majority of the gifts will end up donated to charity or sold so that their proceeds are donated to charity,” Tony explained with an airy shrug.
“I didn’t really expect to find anyone here, not a true match anyway. Maybe a nice someone to date, but I’m too old to be expecting to meet the person I want to spend the rest of my life with, and who wants to spend any length of time with me, at a Courting Ceremony,” Tony smiled, self-deprecating, before shaking his head. “But life goes by its own plans and something unexpected happened. Or at least...
Steve had to choke down a laugh at the casual arrogance. But was it arrogant if Tony really was a genius of unusual proportions of intelligence?
“No, I mean, you’re really screwed. You have no hope of out-dancing anyone. Forget two left feet, it’s like you have
“Not one bit,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. said serenely. “And I had this video call just to personally tell you that you’ve passed the screening and you’re now an approved suitor for the Courting Ceremony. Your entry ticket has been emailed to you, please show it to the attendants on the day of the ceremony.”
With hair coiffed a little higher than usual and a goatee that had been shaped into perfection, Tony smirked at the crowd.
“I’m Tony Stark, mysterious millionaire tech genius, founder of the brand new clean energy company Stark Industries but for some reason, I’m more well known as the creator of the app Matchy Matchy and the game Sea Garbage Party. I just did a phone interview with the New Yorker, so if you want to disappear me, it won’t be that easy,” Tony said with a casual wave of his hand.
Steve’s neck was red with his blush now and that just endeared him further to Tony.
Steve stared after at where Tony had been. For some reason, he felt uncertain, the first stirrings of worry. That was strange because it wasn’t something Tony usually said when he went for his swim.
with that beautiful young Omega. What did they even have to talk about for
Tony gasped and shivered and pushed back, forced to stop the moment the head of Steve’s cock popped in. It was...a significant stretch. And it wasn’t enough.
(See the end of the chapter for
So Steve bit his tongue and hoped that things would change for the better with time.
“Don’t be a dumbass,” he said quietly to Steve, which earned him a huff. “Seriously, they’re pals, like you and me. Don’t be weird about it.”
Lee said hesitantly, “That’s unusual, but we do have that in stock. I’m not sure if grass and coffee will go together though—”
“You’re so turned on, you’re leaking everywhere. Stroke yourself with it,” Tony told him, eyeing him from what should have been an intimidating distance. “Damn, your cock is huge from here, I’m not sure I can even wrap my arms around it. It’s still gorgeous though, a fucking work of art as always. From this angle, it’s even better because there’s so much of it.”
Tony was sheer determination squeezed into all of six inches and he wasn’t going to let something like a body not compatible to dry land or human-sized tools stop him.
Well, it kept things interesting at least.
“It’s hard to tell with Thor,” Steve said through gritted teeth. Were all their comrades in arms going to turn up to have a chance with Tony? Steve had no idea they were all interested otherwise he might have come up with more strategies on courting Tony.
He ran his hand down Steve’s chest and stomach, wet with sweat, slick and come. He dragged it down until he reached that wonderful cock and pumped it in his hand. Oh yes, he knew what would help. He needed this hardness back in him and Steve was so obliging, cock getting hard again.
What Steve didn’t really take into account was where this was happening. He thought he would have some time to say a few words to Tony, to maybe explain himself. He didn’t expect to be on a big stage, spotlights on, and with thousands of eyes trained on them both.
Steve asked, blinking slowly.
There was something else niggling at Steve. Right at the edge of his hearing, he thought he could hear something…like a radio turned down to a very low volume.
“Zumba,” Tony reminded. “I will never be able to top
Tony murmured. But he clasped Steve’s hand and tugged him deeper into the welcoming currents, into the endless blue seas ahead of them.
“The Mad Titan,” Doctor Strange said, sounding grim.
Tony, all of six inches high, had kissed him on the cheek.
Tony started counting off with the kind of swiftness that meant his genius brain had been churning through this ever since Steve stepped onto that stage, “First possibility, you were swept up by the hype of it. Second, you wanted to give me a safe option in case all the other suitors are crappy and then we could fake date for awhile before we broke up. Third, Bucky or Sam dared you to and you don’t know how to back down from a dare even if that meant marrying someone you didn’t even like that way. Fourth, back in your day, Courting Ceremonies were more about pals being pals. Fifth, there’s a dastardly plan involving my Courting Ceremony and you’re just an Avenger undercover to foil the plans.”
“A handsome intelligent Omega like you wouldn’t interest me?” M’Baku said with a slow smile. “Trust me, Tony, I’m an Omega of discerning tastes. And you most definitely interest me.” His voice had dropped to a low rumble, dark eyes drawing over Tony’s body in a languid, suggestive stare.
Drawing in a deep breath, Tony murmured, “I reserve the right to say ‘I told you so’ when everything goes to hell in a handbasket.”
“Hi, F.R.I.D.A.Y.,” Steve greeted in turn.
Holding his hands up, Sam said, “In my defence...I really wanted Redwing to be able to shoot lasers.”
“Please tell me you’re leaving,” she said without preamble.
Tony looked around the crowd, wide eyes blinking like he was in shock himself, like he couldn’t understand how he got there. Then his wandering gaze settled on Steve, standing right there in front of the stage, waiting for him. Haplessly, Steve smiled up at him. Tony looked at him like he was captivated, like he couldn’t believe he was seeing Steve here, even after their dance. Then Tony took a deep breath, never breaking eye contact with Steve.
“Steve,” Tony whimpered, at a loss for words.
“Ah, right. Well, thank you. And I accept your gift,” Tony said, sounding a little flustered.
T’Challa nodded, somehow managing to make it regal despite the cute cat mask. “May your courtship be blessed.”
He couldn’t deny that Tony was pretty cute around Amber. She was often found perched on Tony’s shoulder or curled in Tony’s lap while Tony stroked her scales and ridges with a fond smile. Tony seemed to be endlessly enthusiastic about his ‘experiments’ on what she was willing to eat and was able to digest. So far, the list of things included any vegetables, any meat, a chair leg, the remote control, a glass tumbler along with the whiskey that was in it, an unopened can of tomato soup including its contents, various screws and a light fixture. They hadn’t yet found something she wasn’t actually willing to eat, although at least she did refrain from eating something if Tony told her not to.
He met both their shocked stares to show he was deadly serious and that this wasn’t a threat made lightly. When they stepped back, both wide-eyed at his venom and a little afraid of the promise he was making, he smiled with satisfaction and started to turn away. Then he turned back to them and added, “And I also much prefer my partners to be honorable, stoic, stupendously moralistic assholes by the name of Steve Rogers. With a massive knot. Seriously, it’s such a huge knot, you would not believe it unless you saw it. None of you could possibly come close to measuring up.”
Tony had also installed all kinds of apps on Steve’s phone before he started using his own tablet, so some days, Steve just sat by Tony as he worked and played a bunch of oddly addictive mobile games. Sometimes, Tony would even find a game where the two of them could play together on their phone and tablet respectively. There was a game called ‘Sea Garbage Party’ which, despite the unpleasant name, was very cute and fun with all kinds of puzzles and speed challenges, along with animated graphics consisting of strange garbage one can find in the sea.
Steve was never good at being an Alpha. Before the serum, no one had time for him, so he had no time for anyone. After the serum, there was only Peggy, and their courtship was unconventional from the start. It was short-lived as well, seeing as he crashed into the Arctic soon after he gave Peggy the Courting gift. Daniel, the guy she had bonded with afterwards, must have been one hell of an Alpha to snag her attention.
For some reason, that sent a spike of lust through Tony, knowing he had pulled Steve to this point just by presenting, by showing him what was his anyway.
“Yep.” Tony nodded. “But I’m not going to do that for awhile. It’s why I went back to the sea this morning to talk to Pepper and Rhodey. I wanted to tell them that I likely wasn’t coming back for awhile. They made me promise to make the spell and tech work for them eventually so that they can come visit me up here too.”
“No.” Steve shook his head, giving Bucky a determined look. “It’s time to regroup and come up with a different strategy.”
They were a see-sawing, gasping reciprocation of licking, sucking, tonguing, kissing. Steve’s stiff tongue pushing in had Tony swallowing around thick cock. Tony sucking at the base as if to coax out his knot had Steve blowing hot air against dripping wet hole.
It was a bit disconcerting to hear the word ‘fucking’ fall from T’Challa’s lips, said in an unfamiliar voice that had been changed by his mask but with that familiar self-possessed cadence and air of nobility.
“I’ve got a spare shirt in my gym bag,” Steve said quickly. “I can get back to work, Mister Stark, don’t worry.”
Bucky smiled. Well, as long as they were happy together.
Grinning, Tony said, “I’m going to hang this in the living room so everyone is reminded of what fucking great superheroes we are.”
Tony smirked. “I mean, fly with me, with Iron Man. We’ll get there faster than the quinjet.”
Rhodey groaned. “Oh god, T.M.I., guys.”
That didn’t change the fact that Steve missed him
Steve felt a little worried. Today was just going very strangely. But he sat down on the couch with Tony, placing the glass of seawater on the coffee table.
“M’Baku moves fast. And you’ve seen how he looks. He is a very attractive man,” T’Challa said with a sigh. “And one with a terrible sense of humor. He has been telling people it’s a Jabari custom to find as many willing partners as possible during Courting Ceremonies. Please don’t believe him. Wakanda has no custom that involves fucking as many people as possible in one Courting Ceremony.”
It was Tony.
Steve squeezed his hips, and pressed in, slow, steady, inexorable. He was filling Tony up, so large that Tony felt his breath punched out of him with Steve’s penetration. Tony was so wet, dripping constantly now as his body welcomed Steve in, but even then, it felt like there was no way Steve could fit all the way in. And at the same time, it felt like Tony would die right away, body collapsing if Steve didn’t push all the way in and fill him all the way up.
That startled a short bark of laughter from Steve, even though he still mostly stood there awkwardly.
But no. He wasn’t jealous of Amber.
Tony said, flashing Steve an arrogant grin.
“I knew it! I knew you couldn’t be a normal human! Captain America, oh my god. Captain America tried to tell me his superserum healing and strength is due to
What a mess. His report for S.H.I.E.L.D. was going to be such a pain to write.
“Uh oh,” Bucky said again.
After almost an hour of talking strategy and what army they could marshall, Tony got up all of a sudden and sauntered over to T’Challa. The discussions paused as Tony seemed to examine T’Challa, sniffing his hand on the table.
Tony looked like he had just eaten a lemon— no, Steve had actually seen Tony munch down on a slice of lemon with much relish. This looked more like Tony had bitten down into a lemon to find out it tasted like rotten eggs. He was frowning and wrinkling his nose, leaning away from the man. Steve clenched his fists, muscles tensed to help if needed. But looking at the man with his bleached-blonde hair and smarmy expression, Steve knew Tony could handle this one.
Tony tapped on the faintly glowing circle on his chest while he said thoughtfully,
“Thank you for the gifts, Steve,” Tony said, unusually serious and even sincere.
But Steve had never liked the artificial blockers or enhancers. He just knew that the scent he liked best was Tony’s strong muzzy, sleepy scent in the mornings, mingling with the smell of freshly brewed coffee. So he was going to take the risk and forego all the artificial scents.
“Steve?” Tony said, uncertain. “What are you doing here?”
An accord seemed to have been reached after that and Amber suddenly warmed up to him significantly. Steve found himself with a running buddy, Amber flying after him as he jogged around the city. He could sit beside Tony again on the couch, his fingers tangling with Tony’s as they stroked Amber’s belly, round from whatever hideous thing she had eaten that day.
Tony said with quiet wonder in his voice, running a hand over Steve’s scales on his hip. Steve shivered, surprised at how sensitive his scales were and how he perceived the touch differently, feeling a tingling sensation even before Tony’s hand came in contact with his scales.
“So you kept talking to him?”
, Tony, did you steal it?”
“I’m giving you five Lamborghinis, two Porsche and two Ferrari,” said a haughty-looking older man, gesturing at the photos Tony must have been looking at on his Starkpad. A fleet of nine cars were projected on the large screens as well, so that the audience could see what he was getting Tony.
When they leapt out the back of the quinjet, both of them whooping with delight as Steve’s arm wrapped tight around Iron Man’s shoulders, Steve thought that there was never going to be a time when he would turn this down. He loved how they soared and spun through the air with Tony’s voice in his ears and Tony’s body encased in metal pressed close to his as they flew together. He would never give this up, the way the wind almost hurt against his skin, the way his heart pounded as they plummeted down before swooping upwards in a graceful arch, the way he could feel Tony’s strength and enthusiasm right by his side.
“I have, but outside of Courting Week. I never saw the point of waiting until Courting Week,” Steve said absently, stopping at the next store to stare in. Row upon row of beautifully tailored suits, and they were all useless to Steve. Tony’s closet probably cost more than the entire store put together. And Tony’s favorite well-worn T-shirt had little kittens on the front. Steve doubted that would be the kind of clothing he would find in this store.
“Are people talking about it already?” Steve asked, a little pleased that the news was circulating.
, and then seeing his temporary team disbanded almost immediately.
Rhodey and Carol’s bonding happened very quickly, a spur of the moment decision right after the encounter with Thanos. Their wedding seemed to make up for it, with guests from all over the universe attending, literally. The simple but heartfelt speeches turned out to be Tony’s downfall.
“What do you call it?”
“Why, yes, when two or more people copulate—”
“I’m just saying,” Tony continues into the silence. “If Bruce can get out of training on anger grounds, why can’t I get out of it on the grounds that I don’t want to?”
Steve tried to distract himself, tried to focus on T’Challa’s chosen topic. He suddenly realized there was something that he wanted to raise. “It was fine. Got a little intense at times. M’Baku was a suitor at the ceremony too. I didn’t—” Steve cut himself off, cut off his seething anger at the memory of M’Baku kissing Tony. He forced himself to stick to something that wouldn’t sound accusatory. “I wasn’t expecting him there.”
“Do a better job,” Tony ordered, his command undermined by how he tried to spread his legs further, by the thready edge in his voice.
“Hello, F.R.I.D.A.Y.,” Steve said with a smile. “How have you been?”
When Steve opened the door, he found Nick Fury on his doorstep, holding two boxes of pizza.
Tony’s head was still bent over the sketchbooks, his face unreadable as he leafed through the second book. Steve wondered what the headlines would say if he passed out on stage.
Chuckling, T’Challa made his way towards the exit.
Steve glared. “Thanks, Bucky. That’s helpful.”
Steve snorts. “Tonyㅡ”
Somehow, Nat had been able to get the access codes to Tony’s office, but she was too caught up with the work Miss Potts had her doing, so Steve had to go in her place. Steve wasn’t keen because while he was good at frontal attacks and military strategy, spywork and sneaking around wasn’t his strong point at all. But needs must.
“Sssh, I’ll take care of you.”
“Right, yes,” Tony said, letting out an embarrassed cough, before lifting the lid off the box.
Realizing he was falling behind, Steve took a deep breath and forced his tense muscles to loosen up. This was the moment. He pictured Tony’s face, that lopsided smile, his ‘Scientists do it best’ T-shirt with holes in it. It didn’t matter what Steve wore. All that was just window dressing. The person to win over Tony would have to be someone really special on the inside, someone who would suit Tony best, and he was here to be that person.
He was very thankful for that.
Steve blinked at him slowly before shaking his head, smiling wider. “We’re idiots.”
“Asgardians don’t even have Omegas or Courting Ceremonies,” Tony said, baffled.
“Who said I have no shield?” Steve asks with a grin.
But he wasn’t swallowing seawater. He was just...breathing as if this was normal. And he didn’t have legs anymore. Instead, he had a beautiful vibrant blue tail with silver fins. Steve touched his hips gingerly, marvelling at the feel of scales beneath fingers. He took a few deep breaths, enjoying how he was breathing through the water with no trouble at all.
Steve realized he was walking on autopilot, drifting forward without remembering when he had done so, sitting down on the stool without conscious thought.
“They’re stubborn jackasses constantly picking fights. Reminds me of someone,” Bucky replied solemnly.
Tony accepted his courtship. Tony accepted
It was
From where she was flying the quinjet, Nat agreed. “Or trick him into it.”
# # #
It was very good to know, and Steve knew he was impatient sometimes, but he could try this time. He could also cheat a little meantime. He picked up Tony’s hand and cradled it between his own, squeezing. “I’m glad,” he said, simply and sincerely.
The only reason why Steve didn’t jump straight to doing that was Tony’s restraining hand on his wrist. Tony leaned in, looking into Steve’s eyes.
“And fifth, if there was a dastardly plan of some sort here, you would know about it. You’re an Avenger too,” Steve insisted.
F.R.I.D.A.Y. sounded amused as she responded, “Are you buttering me up, Captain?”
“That’s what she said.”
Tony sighs happily and Steve shoots him an amused look before moving towards the counter. Tony leaves him to it and heads to the back, rooting around the refrigerated drinks. It’s delightfully cold and he leaves the fridge door open a bit too long.
“Tony, look out!” Steve called out instinctively.
Before he could make a move for the front door, a hand touched his arm and he turned around…
Steve ran soothing hands up and down Tony’s sides and then said with intense need, “I want to see you.”
# # # # # #
That seemed to cause Tony to shift in embarrassment, which pressed his crotch up against Steve’s finger. Tony let out a startled short moan. It wasn’t easy to feel at that size, but Steve thought he could feel a small hardness against his finger.
He had barely finished the sentence before he found a knee shoving against his thigh and he was suddenly flipped over so that he was on his back, Tony sitting astride him instead. Tony’s eyes were hooded. “I know what you’re doing,” Tony muttered.
Tony was gasping when Steve trailed kisses along his cheek and down his jawline. He wanted...so much more.
Steve took a few deep steadying breaths, telling himself that he had to stop staring at Tony like a feral Alpha. He forced his attention back onto what Tony was doing.
happened. I didn’t think…”
Except unlike other mornings, something woke him from his usual warm drowse on the rocks. A light touch brushed against his cheek. He leaned away from it and cracked open an eye, expecting to see a crab scuttling away.
“Damn right they don’t.” Steve couldn’t say for sure but he thought Tony was probably grinning behind the mask from the way the corners of his eyes crinkled.
“Yes, after your gifts, everyone will be given masks, and I’ll wear a mask as well. Then we’ll dance. It’ll be beautiful, trust me. Anyone can dance with anyone, and I’ll be somewhere in the crowd, dancing too. The infallible F.R.I.D.A.Y. will ensure I get a couple minutes of dancing with each and every one of you whom I have accepted a gift from, but because of the masks and because I’ll change out of this sweet number I’m in, you won’t know who I am. Just so I can see how you’re like when you’re not sure if it’s me. And because it’ll be fun!
Tony swanned in knowing that he was more than 20 minutes late to team brunch, which was currently held on a balcony at the Cuckoo Clock, their favorite hipster brunch place. They often reserved the balcony table as it afforded them some privacy from other gawking diners since there was only room for one table and the balcony was situated towards the back of the restaurant.
“Damn right we are,” Steve agrees. “We’ve been planning this for months.”
“Walther PPK and a special holster,” Steve said, keeping his voice steady through the memories of her smile when she opened the neatly wrapped box, of the way her eyes lit up, of her acceptance of the gift. “She loved it.”
And that apparently was that.
“I guess it’ll do as a paperweight. Accepted. Next!”
So they had incorporated the cat and dog forms into their plans.
Tony couldn’t take it anymore.
Raising his eyebrows, Tony asked, “You’re impressed by how I leaked sex photos of myself? Your baseline for being impressed is really low.”
Steve throws a brief glance at Tony, who has gone rigid. Together they stare as a man gets out of the car, clad in a black suit and tie, complete with sunglasses. His appearance screams SHIELD but for some reason, Steve knows he's not.
.” Tony smirked and there was more laughter and giggles from the crowd. “Thank you for coming, everyone. Now, shower me with gifts!”
“Oh god, Steve, fuck me, please,” Tony begged, trembling on Steve’s palm.
# # #
“Good,” Tony says immediately. Then, “Now you’re making me think of you naked and that’s just unfair.”
But it wasn’t like he could change his story at this point.
“Welcome home, Sir. Good morning, Steve,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. said, because it was morning. Very early morning.
“It was mostly embarrassing. How did you find out that I met him today?” Steve asked with a frown.
“What? Can’t be a good business model leaving your store unattended like this. Hellooo? Anybody there?”
Thor waved a hand while thrusting out the large box. “I understand enough, you do not need to worry about it. Now, examine your gift. She’s particularly rambunctious but her scales are like an activated Bifrost Bridge.”
, in the way Steve breathed, heavy and deep in a way that he couldn’t reach even after an hour on the treadmill, in the way his pupils were so dilated that Tony felt he could look right into Steve’s soul.
But Steve had to check, because there were so many cultural differences between them. He had to be sure.
They were
Sometimes, Steve had to remind him to get back into the water, right now, when he forgot how long he was out and his scales had started to dry out. Tony always grumbled but he still hopped into his glass, swishing around in frantic circles like that would speed up his body soaking up the seawater again.
“In my defence, I was under the influence of my heat hormones,” Tony snapped, before softening. “And in your defence, you were probably under the influence of my heat pheromones.”
“How much longer?”
And Tony was gone, gone, gone…
When Fury walked past him, he looked around with a soldier’s care, a spy’s gaze, alert for any hidden dangers.
Tilting his head, Steve considered this. “So you organized a massive Courting Ceremony so I could experience one
“Tony, of course I’m still interested. Why would you even think that?”
Steve rubbed their cheeks together before pulling back reluctantly so he could see Tony’s face. “Tony,” he murmured.
He wasn’t disappointed.
“Yeah, I think that guy’s got ulterior motives,” Tony said wryly, before complaining, “Can I see it yet or are you just going to sit there tempting me with the gift?”
“What was the price for turning the prince into a little merman?” Steve asked with a frown, swept up by the story despite the information overload and his sense of disbelief.
“Tony, oh my god, no, I wasn’t going to fuck you!” Steve interrupted before this conversation got any worse. “Or ask you to…lick me. I wasn’t thinking anything like that. I was more thinking that you looked, well, cute.”
Tony didn’t look fazed in the slightest. He turned back to Steve with a grin and then looked into the box with interest. “What’s next then?”
Sam made a face. “Hell no. Have you seen how this guy eats? I won’t be able to get in two mouthfuls before he hoovers up everything else.”
make-up? Steve gave up. “Well, I better get back to work then, bye, Tony, thanks for checking in.”
The little robots were new additions to the various things Tony had scattered around the house. For such a small merman, he was taking over quite a lot of space, not that Steve was complaining. Tony had several miniature machines, and he had even made the two little bots to help him with, well, making more things.
“I know so,” Tony said, before adding with a grin. “You’re the Alpha of Alphas after all.”
“What about you? What amazing Courting gifts did you used to pick out for the unlucky Omegas you liked?” Bucky asked Sam.
Hoped that it would be him Tony chose.
Slowly, Tony unfolded from his crouch and stood up. As he moved, the Iron Man suit started to melt away, dissolving into glittering nanites that receded into his clothing. By the time Tony stood up completely, the nanites had drawn back and settled into...into… Steve’s mouth fell open as he took in what Tony was wearing. He had on a very form-fitting dark red halter waistcoat with matching pants, black leather shoes and a long sheer scarf of a slightly lighter shade of red trailing down his shoulders...and nothing else. He wasn’t wearing a suit jacket over the waistcoat or a shirt under it.
Steve stared at him, boggled. “You taught yourself how to read?” Because he remembered how proficiently Tony had used his phone and devoured information from the first day. “And wait, you don’t have written language?”
While Steve had received a large sum for his backpay, being on the run after the Accords had eaten into that. They weren’t penniless or hungry, but he didn’t exactly have a lot of spare cash to throw around.
He suspected he knew, what with the glowing circle on Tony’s chest. He had thought maybe all merpeople had it, some kind of evolutionary trait. How wrong he was.
“I do,” Steve said evenly, “And I don’t mean we get married and bonded immediately, right now. We’ll figure out if things work during this courtship. But Tony…” Smiling, Steve reached out and circled Tony’s wrist with his fingers, steadied his trembling hand. “Tony, we’ve been through hell together. I
Tony called the two little bots DUM-E and U, which was a sign that even geniuses had their limits and in Tony’s case, he was very much not a genius at naming things. They were about eight inches tall, and they mostly consisted of wheels and a jointed arm each. Tony seemed to spend just as much time berating them as actually having them help. They seemed to be able to understand Tony’s high pitched squeaks and clicks, arms drooping or perking up accordingly. Steve felt absurdly charmed by the little bots, often feeling a pang of sympathy for DUM-E who seemed to be the one prone to accidents.
Steve looked faux-offended. “But then how will you sustain the lifestyle I’m used to if you delete those photos instead of selling them for a mint?”
Reflecting on the events of the past couple hours, Steve thought that Loki’s magical shenanigans weren’t so bad this time round. Whatever Loki’s intentions, it was kind of nice to get Tony as his very own Christmas present this year.
part of The Little Mermaid was a lot more literal than the original story and subsequent remakes portrayed.
Ty laughed, a slithering oily sound. “Oh, Tony. What do you know about business? You can keep pretending, but everyone knows Stane was the Alpha behind the business and now you have the steady Miss Potts in the power seat. But she’s only a Beta, so who knows how long that will last. Were you so desperate for an Alpha to help salvage your company?”
Tony demanded.
Alright, so Steve’s unease wasn’t just because Amber was a potentially dangerous unknown creature from a different dimension. It was because ever since Amber arrived, Steve hadn’t been able to get close to Tony. Hell, he suspected he wouldn’t even get to share a bed with Tony if Steve hadn’t put his foot down and insisted Amber slept in her own room when Tony had tried to sneak her into the bedroom.
Tony sounded defensive, like Steve had given his approval by playing a mobile game once and was now renegading on his words.
“What the hell, Rogers?” Sam asked in surprise. But he didn’t shake off Steve and Steve also made no signal that he was going to move for a good long while.
Steve had to grit his teeth and look away. What the hell did he have to offer Tony over T’Challa, Nakia and M’Baku, the combined trio that included royalty, intelligence and power.
“Stop being gross,” Rhodey demanded. “We need to eat breakfast here.”
Steve nodded stiffly, not even able to imagine Tony wearing a scent like this. “Thanks, but it’s not really what I was looking for.”
There are individual Courting Ceremonies and open Courting Ceremonies. For the individual Courting Ceremonies, one person is courted by multiple people. At the end of the Ceremony, the person will choose their preferred suitor and they will enter into an extended Courtship after that to be sure they are compatible with each other, with the aim to eventually get engaged and married.
Oh, it was ridiculous that such a sappy thing could make Tony want to arch up into Steve’s hard body, could make his stomach clench in want and his body get wetter in response.
Steve looked around the beach and saw no one there, the hour still early and this stretch of beach was frequently empty anyway. Lifting the bag, Steve faced out towards the sea with his back to the stretch of pale sand. He looked at Tony’s face, trying to assess his expression. Tony looked a touch remorseful and stressed. But otherwise, he didn’t look upset or like he had been under duress.
“I can’t, usually. But T’Challa gave me a tip that I should follow your lead,” Steve said honestly, before a thought occurred to him. “Wait...you know who I am. I thought this was meant to be anonymous.”
Yes, that was the real concern here, that someone could harm a fire-breathing dragon with scales so tough that Clint’s arrows had bounced right off her when she had unexpectedly turned up in the training room.
Tony keened, bent even lower, felt heat rising in the pit of his stomach as his body got wetter and hotter and harder, wanting Steve in him now, now, now…
“Pizza delivery,” Fury said, deadpan.
“I’m fine, sweetheart,” Tony murmured. “Thanks to the two of you.”
Tony’s dossier said all kinds of things about Iron Man, but it hadn’t said that Tony had somehow managed to put together a portable Iron Man suit, compact enough to fit into a suitcase and with some kind of auto suiting up capability. Tony was putting all this to good use now, the armor unfolding quickly from the suitcase.
“Don’t worry, he’ll like me.”
On the stage, Tony looked across the crowd. “Thank you all for coming to celebrate me.” The comment and the unrepentantly cheeky smile earned him a ripple of laughter. “As many of you know, I had rejected the idea of hosting a Courting Ceremony for most of my adult life. But with age comes the ability to change my mind, and frankly, to hold a party whenever the hell I want. This isn’t just a Courting Ceremony to me. It’s a celebration of life, of what we have survived, of what we have achieved. It’s a celebration of all of us.
The beautiful arched legs of the tables on the side made him think, “That’s because of me.”
Small enough to fit on the palm of Steve’s hand.
Tony said from where he had been placed beside the glass. He had pulled himself up by the lip of the glass and was looking up at Steve.
The merman pointed at Steve’s legs and then made a chopping motion.
“He did?” Steve asked, surprised.
Natasha pointed out, “The end product is probably the result of a tug of war between the very expensive event coordinators and Tony.”
No, that was stupid. Steve wasn’t going to buy Tony
“Still an Avenger,” Steve said mulishly.
Lee had bustled Steve over to another counter with a range of fine gold and silver earrings, each with little globes on the backs. Steve felt a little overwhelmed looking down at almost fifty pairs of different earrings.
. Steve had his doubts most humans could do what Tony could pull off in his sleep.
“You know me well,” Tony agreed with a grin.
Turning, Tony leaned into his touch, nuzzled his face against Steve’s hand. He pushed forward, pushed nearer, wanting to brush his cheek against Steve’s own, the way he always did.
Now, it was the interview portion of the screening process, which the instructions had said would take approximately ten minutes. He had his suspicions on who he would be talking to.
“Let’s not keep everyone waiting, hey?” He stepped forward to the front of the stage and bent at the waist, stretching an arm out. Smiling, his eyes bright with warmth and happiness, Tony asked, “Do you want to join me on stage, Steve?”
Tony sighed and looked away finally, before mumbling, “I heard you haven’t been to a Courting Ceremony before.”
Steve turned immediately and stiffened. “What the hell?”
“I can be anything I want to be,” Vision said with beatific calmness.
Truly, a work of art.
Tony was almost waving their clasped hands around at this point. This new information just left Steve reeling.
Tony moaned, pushing back against Steve’s touch before thrusting against his gloved palm again. He looked over his shoulder and said with a frown, “I can’t get you off in this size.”
Tony grumbled, “Must we?”
# # # # # #
Steve shook his head. “Still, I shouldn’t have done that, not while you were pre-heat.”
Lifting them out of the box, Steve took a sniff of the globes behind the earrings and groaned. He shot Bucky a glare. “You told Tony about our shopping trip before the Courting Ceremony.”
Maybe M’Baku would be mud-wrestling as well, and Steve could show Tony that when it came to wrestling of any sort, Steve was the winner.
At least the gifts were done then.
Tony was breathtaking and
“It wasn’t how we used to do it back in our day,” Bucky said in mild defence. “Dancing was for fun. Courting Ceremonies were fun too, but they were also more formal back then, with a lot more traditions around getting to know each other. None of these dancing and mud wrestling stuff.”
When the lift arrived, the doors opened to reveal Tony Stark, eyebrows shooting up and eyes widening.
“That’s it! Tell Thor that there’s no more clemency, we’re ripping apart that crazy antelope impersonator the next time we see him! I don’t care that Loki is his brother, no more leeway for him, we aren’t going to go easy just because—”
Steve blinked slowly, trying to parse that. “Sorry, I don’t understand what that is.”
But his caveman hindbrain clubbed cool and logical sense over the back of the head and went charging out.
“Okay,” Steve said, tightening his hold around Tony’s waist to stem the flow of words momentarily. He didn’t know if he should be insulted at Tony’s lack of confidence in his feelings or if he should be insulted on Tony’s behalf that all those reasons were more plausible than genuine feelings for him. Either way, Steve couldn’t listen to this anymore. “Okay, first, I wasn’t swept up by the hype of it. The hype...was not what I was used to. Courting Ceremonies used to be private, more personal. And people were saying such lies about you.”
The merman flipped his pretty long fins on his tail dismissively.
Tony’s mouth fell open, his little face an expression of outrage at being snarked at by his own creation. That had Steve doubling over in laughter, which apparently made Tony more outraged because J.A.R.V.I.S. said with blandness, “Mister Stark has advised that you should stop laughing at once and that we’re both being very rude to him.”
’re the one who told Tony.”
Staring at Tony’s earnest querying face, Steve felt like he was losing his mind. “No, Tony. No, it’s not because of your scales or your tail,” he said with forced calm.
So Steve was a little surprised when Tony was the one who requested to go down to the beach, when they had gone for a swim two days ago. But still, if Tony wanted some time in the water, then it could only be a good thing.
Every movement and breath was a shock to Steve’s senses. The shape of Tony’s upper lip pressed against his own was a delight, the prickling brush of facial hair against his skin made his stomach clench in excitement. Learning the feel of Tony’s soft, vulnerable bottom lip and how he could hold and suck it between his own lips occupied his entire attention.
“Don’t sass me, Rogers.” Tony looks around for something to wipe his oily hands on before settling on smearing the dirt on his pants. “You heard me right, I can’t fix it.”
Curling his hand into Steve’s hair, he turned his head to press his own face to Steve’s cheek, barely able to move when Steve refused to budge. He drew in a deep breath and felt more slick dampen his briefs at the deep scent of oak and old paper and rain on hot tar. It was delicious and too much all at once.
Now it was Tony’s turn to gape at him. It was a really funny sight, with the way Tony’s mouth fell open a little and how he just stared with slightly wild eyes. Steve brought his hand up to rub his nose in an attempt to hide his smile.
Steve wasn’t even meant to be there, he thought mournfully. He had received an invite from Tony to attend his birthday party, as an apology for getting headbutted on S.I. property from a guy who had a vendetta against Tony. Steve had felt a little flustered when he had found the personal invitation and note on his desk, but Coulson had asked him to go anyway.
There was only one option left. Steve threw himself at the Whip Guy.
“How did you learn english?” Steve asked, curious.
By the time they were done, Tony was standing on his own two feet, a little unsteadily, his hands clasping Steve’s forearms.
“Mister Stone, I would suggest you shut the hell up.” Steve’s voice was hard, an unshakeable thread of vibranium in his tone.
All the lights in the hall dimmed significantly until they could barely see each other’s faces. Then suddenly, several spotlights shone down onto the stage just as it split open down the middle. Iron Man shot out from the hole in the stage amidst a suddenly dazzling array of laser lights, the sound of his repulsor blasts adding to the music.
Tony’s face was turning red, a blush that spread across his cheeks and along his neck as well. Suddenly, Steve understood why Tony enjoyed giving him cheek kisses and watching him blush. There was a certain satisfaction to it. Lowering the bag, Steve finally turned around and started wading up towards the beach. Tony had sunk back into the bag, but his hand still clutched Steve’s thumb and he complained the whole way,
Tony shivered, laid his head on the sheets, feeling his body still wracked with pleasure. Every few minutes, Steve would gasp and squeeze his arms around Tony’s waist, body jerking as he came again, pulsed more come into Tony. Tony would clench up again, body squeezing rhythmically around that wonderful, impossibly large knot as his body pulsed more slick, as pleasure coursed through him.
Damnit, Tony. A little heads-up would have been nice.
The kiss was a revelation.
He realized the only person who could have sent him that message was the same person who was coordinating everything digital and electronic in the room, the same person who had vetted him and found him worthy without even conducting an interview. The message from F.R.I.D.A.Y. reminded him of that brief conversation they'd had.
Tony felt befuddled. “Why?” Had Steve been trying to distract himself from Alexandre and Vicente by flirting with Kenny?
The platinum links and silver fabric went around Tony’s narrow wrist as Steve did up the clasp. It was just the right length, with enough give that it wasn’t tight and uncomfortable against his skin. Seeing his bracelet on Tony... It was breathtaking. He could only hope that one day, Tony would put his own bracelet on Steve too, signalling that the courtship was successful and he was agreeing to an engagement.
Steve turned from the television embedded in the wall to look at Tony, hair completely rumpled and standing in wild crazy spikes. There was a pillow crease imprint on his cheek, his goatee less neat than usual since they hadn’t taken any breaks to groom over the last three days of Tony’s heat. Tony smelled delicious, his scent during his heat a siren song to Steve’s senses, a lush tangy taste on Steve’s tongue. It was all the more enhanced by how Steve could smell his own scent wrapped around Tony’s, could feel his Alpha instincts rumble with satisfaction at how they smelled, the two of them,
He found it mostly awkward and stressful. He had an easier time dancing with Alphas, following T’Challa’s advice on letting them take the lead. But Betas and Omegas tended to expect him to take the lead when they realized he was an Alpha, and that just led to their hasty decisions to move on to another dance partner when he made a mess out of the dance.
“Before we agree to a formal courtship, it’s important that we talk about what we expect from this relationship,” Tony said a little stiffly, like he knew these were the right words to say but wasn’t used to saying them.
“I don’t know, you took me out on my own Courting Ceremony, that seems like a swell date to me,” Steve teased.
Wanda looked up at Vision. “It sounds kind of fun actually. I’ve never been to a masquerade.”
Steve frowned. “What visitor?”
Smiling, Tony nodded in relaxed agreement. “What Captain America says.” Because there really was absolutely no way that Rhodey would have invited Ty. Rhodey was more likely to punch Ty’s lights out than invite him anywhere, let alone to his wedding. “Let me guess, you’re someone’s plus one and you decided to come just to be a nuisance to us.”
“There are short courses for that,” Steve said. It was the only way he could have included this gift when he needed a theme of some sort to tie all his gifts together.
Steve looked down and gasped again, except he realized that if he gasped, he would swallow seawater.
Steve had no idea when it happened but Tony was in his lap and their arms were twined around each other, grappling at backs and pulling closer, closer. Nothing was ever going to be close enough, Steve thought in almost delirious panic as he kissed and kissed Tony, let himself be kissed and kissed in turn, desperate for this to never end.
Steve let out a heavy sigh like he was agreeing and then padded over to Sam’s side. He nudged Sam back in his chair before unceremoniously laying his head down on Sam’s lap.
Rhodey sighed. “Tony, I know you skipped so many grades that you missed out on all the Courting Etiquette classes, so maybe you aren’t aware but Steve is the one who’s supposed to be giving you gifts. You held the Courting Ceremony and he’s your suitor.”
Little hands touched his mouth and Tony’s voice flooded his mind.
Pushing down on his own stupid illogical Alpha instincts, Steve rolled his eyes at himself because John Oliver was not a threat, he really wasn’t.
his chest and lay flat against his skin, settled into place.
And Steve finally understood why Tony was so antsy, why he looked at Steve with those sad brown eyes. He didn’t expect Steve to stay with him once he knew Tony was too old to be reproducing.
Steve frowned. “Tony…”
Then he stared.
Well...he didn’t have to, it turned out. Tony had figured it out on his own and he hadn’t treated Steve any differently anyway.
He wasn’t jealous of a mini dragon. He really wasn’t. Just because Tony cuddled Amber and stroked her and proclaimed her amazing awesomeness every five minutes didn’t mean that Steve was jealous of her.
(See the end of the chapter for
After a moment, Tony seemed to relax a little, expression softening as he seemed to remember they were meant to be having lunch together. He scooped up food to his mouth.
That prompted Tony to lean in closer and Steve had to frantically remind his hand not to squeeze the coffee cup, oh no, please don’t squeeze the coffee cup even though he could now smell Tony’s mild but alluring aftershave. Large dark eyes peered at his face, examining it from up-close. Steve wasn’t actually feeling a breeze from Tony’s eyelashes when he blinked right? Right? He was just being silly. God, why did Tony have to be so pretty
“We have about ten minutes before the ceremony starts,” Steve said, checking his watch.
“Alright. Alright, I’ll…focus on this instead,” Steve said, gesturing at the stage. He knew it was just a ploy to get him focused on something other than the dreaded dance, but at this point, he was happy to take any distraction he could get.
“Tony… Are you just going to look all day?”
Tony cut him off immediately. “Don’t be ridiculous, that’s not what I said. I just...needed to hear again that you’re sure. Very sure.”
Amber finally released her grip on the man’s hand and flapped up to Tony, who welcomed her with open arms. She nuzzled into Tony’s embrace, sniffing him over and rubbing her neck frills against Tony’s cheek as if to confirm he was alright. Steve had no memory of moving, but he was suddenly standing right beside them too, patting Tony down urgently for any injury.
Doctor Strange waved his hand. “I’m sure it’s doable and we’ve put some people on researching this, but we don’t have time to make it a priority. We need to prepare for Thanos.”
“You looked over the car before we left.” Steve gestures a hand to the exposed engine, “and you said it was in perfect condition.”
a dragon, Tony.” Steve stared up into the sky. From a quick count, there were about a dozen dragons up there, ranging from ones as small as a large dog to a couple elephant-sized dragons. “And can we park this discussion until after we save New York from all the dragons?”
Natasha sighed. “You’re really too close to heat to be here. The important part is done with anyway, the rest is going to just involve squabbling over details. Why don’t you and Steve leave now? Rhodey and I can handle the rest.”
which Steve could only huff at in irritation as a response.
Courting Ceremony,” Tony said in a wheedling tone. “You’re having a good time.”
Tony said, lifting his hand away to tap at the glowing circle set in his chest. Then he put his hand back on Steve’s.
After eyeing him up for a moment, Steve asked, “How many reasons did you come up with for why you think I really joined the Courting Ceremony?”
At that, Tony swung away and stormed off, making a beeline for Natasha who was chatting amiably with the Canadian ambassador whose name escaped Tony. She broke off the conversation when she saw him coming and met him halfway.
“Do it. Show me,” Steve directed, fucking faster with the little pen, drawing Tony closer to his chest, watching that little figure writhe in his gentle hold.
He watched as a faint blush crept over Tony’s cheeks and counted it as a job well done.
Nat’s lips were set in a grim line. “According to witnesses, Tony walked into the cafe and the person walking behind him grabbed someone else in the cafe as a hostage. He made Tony hand over his nanite container before taking Tony hostage instead.”
“HA!” Tony mocks, “That’s what you get for not taking my offer for Stark Mobile.” He walks over to the passenger window and leans in, fishing his own phone from the center console. “E-Mobile can kiss my- oh my
That was an appealing idea. “Yeah, let’s do that.”
Steve’s blue eyes widened and he asked, “What? Tony, what?”
He wanted everything.
# # #
He looked around, completely confused. To his sharp ears, that didn’t sound like a man speaking from somewhere inside his house. It sounded like a voice that was coming from a set of speakers. But it wasn’t from his television or his radio, and it didn’t sound like something from his phone.
“Because he’s a good man and I thought I could trust him.”
When Steve finally stopped laughing, he went to the front door to retrieve the supplies he had abandoned on the floor. While he put away their groceries, he let himself process the existence of J.A.R.V.I.S.. Tony’s genius was really unquestionable. Steve had never seen anything as advanced as J.A.R.V.I.S. before, and he had access to quite a lot of tech that regular people didn’t get to see. He could see how J.A.R.V.I.S. would be invaluable to Tony who was now doing business by selling apps and his tech services under an alias. Much of the communication could probably be handed over to J.A.R.V.I.S. now. Those were the parts Tony found most tedious anyway.
Tony paused, glancing towards his tablet that he had placed on the arm of the couch. He continued, “I’ve got a second mission, which based on the blinking lights on my tablet, is going to have relevance to your visitor.”
“Good job, Bucky,” Natasha said approvingly.
He knew he was being selfish and unfair. Tony gaining more independence was a good thing. Soon, he might not even need to stay with Steve anymore. With the creation of his bots and with a butler like J.A.R.V.I.S., with the modern world that delivered practically anything you wanted to your doorstep, Steve’s presence in Tony’s life would soon be superfluous.
“It’s expensive but I can afford it,” Steve said with a shrug.
He looked up to realize that he had been divested of all his clothing, except for his briefs, still riding high on his hips. They were clinging to him, showing wet marks in the front and in the back. Steve was staring down at the slip of red cloth, breathing heavily, like this was taking a great amount of concentration. He touched a hand to the front of Tony’s damp briefs, nudging Tony’s obscenely hard cock. The touch was electric, and Tony arched, cried out. He started pushing at his briefs, trying desperately to get them off. Steve helped with his large clever hands, pulling the red cloth down Tony’s long legs, kissing the curve of Tony’s calves as he went because he was just a complete weirdo sometimes.
Without warning, Tony pressed forward until the whole of Steve’s length was embedded in his throat. Then he hummed, deep in his throat, a low vibration that had Steve jerking in his grasp. He followed that up by swallowing repeatedly, quickly, contracting his throat around that hard length unceasingly until Steve shook and jerked and cried out as he came in a shivering flood, his cock pulsing as he poured out spurt after spurt of come. Tony swallowed all of it, as much as he could before pulling back and letting the last few slowing spurts of come splash onto his cheek and his neck instead. Steve let out a weak moan at the sight, at how Tony leaned in and rubbed his cheek against the head of Steve’s dribbling cock.
Rolling his eyes, Tony put his right hand on his hip, body still encased in his armor. “I don’t want to
It seemed his verbal agreement wasn’t needed in the face of Tony’s enthusiasm.
“Will you look at that,” Tony said, looking between the two of them with a fond smile.
“Yep, no idea what the hell that was, but I’m not surprised at all,” Rhodes said with a shrug. He thumped Bucky on his shoulder as he walked by. “Don’t worry about it, they’ll work it out.”
“Why does it matter? The main thing is all that charity moolah that rolled in,” Tony insisted.
Tony could feel himself shaking, his heart pounding as he clasped a hand over his mouth, trying to keep in the sob, but his shaky inhalation sounded loud to his own ears. So weak and pathetic… “Don’t you want me anymore?” he cried, muffled, into his hand.
For the first time since Tony took the stage, he seemed genuinely interested and excited, like a kid on Christmas morning ready to dive into his gifts. It was a side of Tony that Steve treasured and absolutely loved to see. There was something about his enthusiasm and delight which was often hard to resist.
It turned out to be all for nothing anyway. Tony’s office was located right at the very top of the Stark Skyscraper, the S.I. office building in Malibu, and it was almost completely bare. The Stark Skyscraper narrowed the higher up it went and so his single office wasn’t humongous, but it was the only office on the whole floor, which made sneaking in not too hard since there wasn’t anyone there to catch him. Tony was at the Grand Prix right now, with his driver Happy Hogan and his new CEO, Virginia Potts.
But it was surprising because Tony was pretty good at providing for the team and building things. He always made his healthy but delicious green drinks post-missions. He might be hopeless at cooking anything more than his three standard dishes — cabonara, chicken stew and fried rice — but he always kept the fridge stocked and had take-out arriving just as Steve and Thor realized they were getting hungry. The team were always given weapons and uniform upgrades that worked better than the last in ways that they never even realized were possible.
But it was a doomed hope. The familiar smarmy voice spoke up from over his shoulder. “Oh, Tony, fancy meeting you here and with this person here too.”
He arched his back, knew his hole was dripping, slick sliding down between the cheeks of his ass, open and ready for Steve. After all the days and weeks they had spent teasing each other, playing with each other’s bodies but never going all the way, Tony was desperate for Steve now, desperate to feel him deep inside.
“Well, I’m hoping
Tony said with a shrug, going back to the mechanical parts he was working on.
The guy emerged from the wall, stepping out of what looked like a golden ring that had suddenly appeared in the wall. He seemed to be wearing some kind of blue robe, like a costume from a show. “Hello, Captain America and Captain America’s sidekick. I’m Doctor Strange, Sorcerer Supreme. We don’t have much time to talk. Bruce Banner has come back to Earth with news of a grave threat, and he’s gone to get Tony Stark. I need to get you and your friends back to New York as soon as possible to make preparations.”
Then Tony pulled away, and away again until he was standing arms’ length apart from Steve. His eyes were still bright as he said, “See you later, Steve.”
Steve blinked, holding his coffee in front of him like it was a shield. He was careful not to hold it too tightly, having learned from his lesson.
“Oh god, Tony, you taste amazing,” Steve gasped into the tense air.
Later, when Tony was over his sulk, he teased Steve mercilessly. It became an ongoing joke. Any time they were arguing or debating anything, Tony would ask,
Oh. He’s been staring. Whoops.
So apparently, The Little Mermaid wasn’t so much a Disney fairytale as it was a biography, with great liberties taken. For one thing, the
He squinted into the water, trying to see a small figure with a flash of red and gold. He looked around, worried. They always met up in an hour. Where was Tony? Was he in danger? Stopped from coming back? What could it be?
“Our communication has been positive so far. And I’m tempting him with a state of the art lab,” Tony said with a grin. “He might have had his reservations before about joining the Avengers considering the ties to S.H.I.E.L.D.—”
“You’ll be fine,” Bucky said, clapping him on the shoulder before turning it into a shove.
“Don’t try and pacify me with water,” Tony says, but he takes the water anyway. “Listen, just because I can’t kill someone with my thighs or shoot an arrow from a million feet awayㅡand honestly, Clint needs to stop shooting arrows off of roofs and hoping I’ll catch him because one of these days I might actually forgetㅡbut oh my god, why do I have to run every morning, Steve? I could be spending extra time in bed with you.”
Steve finally turned to see the audience, captivated by the two of them. He could already see people with phones and cameras out, taking photos and videos. At least they would definitely have this moment commemorated, probably from multiple angles. Ducking his head a little, Steve gave an awkward wave of his hand.
“Who said we’re getting married?” Tony asked with a haughty sniff.
Before the Whip Guy could attack him with his remaining whip, Tony was on him, grabbing the whip straight on with his gauntlet, ignoring the surges of electric shock and blasting the guy with a repulsor from his other palm.
“You’re both bad in different ways,” Rhodey said, sounding aggrieved. “And you know, they got together at your Courting Ceremony so you’re kind of to blame for this.”
He pulled back and looked up at Steve, smiling. “Delicious.”
“What the hell is he doing here?” Steve asked through clenched teeth.
“Now, now, Steve...that would be cheating,” Tony murmured, eyes glittering with happiness as he leaned in and rested the side of their faces together. The move was hindered by the masks that they still had on, but it was clearly an attempt to rub their cheeks together, share scent, and Steve revelled in the gesture coming from Tony.
“Now that’s a lie for sure. You probably can’t even name a single dare that you didn’t take on.”
The orchestra had been replaced by a band some time during Steve’s complete distraction, a group called Steely Dan according to Sam. Natasha informed him that a little stage was also set up outside as well for magic tricks as a different form of entertainment. That had Steve wondering if Tony had arranged for that because he knew Steve found sleight of hand and the magic tricks that seemed almost like mindreading fascinating.
The scene that Tony was verbally spinning into life was entrancing. Steve scanned the workbench for something appropriate in size. The problem was that Tony’s workshop was always immaculately maintained so there wasn’t many items lying around outside for his use. There was Tony’s unreadable custom keyboards, a pair of goggles, a neat box with varying sizes of screws… Maybe a screw? No, Steve winced even at the thought of the threads on the screws. Then he noticed a slim red pen by the keyboard. He leaned over and picked it up, careful to keep his right hand with Tony on it steady. The pen was sleek, a retractable pen so the tip of the pen with ink on it could be safely withdrawn into the pen. In proportion to Tony’s current size, Steve thought that it would do. Maybe a little bit on the large size, but Tony would probably like that.
That gave Steve a pause. He stopped what he was doing which resulted in Tony letting out an audible little high pitched squeak of protest. But Steve didn’t continue opening the parcel, instead asking, “Direct your payments? What payments?”
“You’ve been smelling like you’re about to go into heat right here and right now, it’s actually distracting everyone. Which isn’t bad for negotiations per se, but to be honest, you really shouldn’t have been here in the first place. If it wasn’t so important for us to present a united front, I would have said you were crazy for insisting on coming,” Natasha pointed out. Then she looked over his shoulder. “And I think you must have said something pretty horrible to those Alpha dickheads from how pale they look. A once-off is fine, but we need more diplomacy for the rest of the talks.”
Bending down, Bucky tugged at Steve’s droopy ear until he got that clear blue gaze fixed on him.
Steve’s jaw fell open a little and Tony really was gone on him to find that befuddled expression so adorable. Smiling, Tony explained, “I was in love with Ty, once upon a time, and I was with him even though he was utterly shit to me. Rhodey hated him so much, but I thought it was just two Alphas, hormonally incompatible. I know, I know, very prejudiced of me, believing in those nonsense stereotypes.”
“First suitor by random selection,” Happy said, sounding like this person wouldn’t be selected at all if left up to him. “Janice Chan.”
After a moment of examining the box, Tony looked up with wonder in his eyes. “Did you paint this box?”
They blinked in confusion.
Then he felt it, from the throes of his orgasm, he realized it wasn’t just his imagination that Steve felt bigger in him. Steve felt bigger, because Steve was getting bigger as Tony’s body squeezed rhythmically around his cock, as biology took over and Tony’s body coaxed Steve’s knot into swelling existence.
Anyway...furniture. He couldn’t believe he had considered furniture as an appropriate Courting gift.
Too many pages were practically dedicated love notes to Tony, just in art form. It was impossible not to see Steve’s feelings once anyone looked at the sketches.
Well, Tony had him there.
Even though Steve had opened the box in a hurry because he had his suspicions on what it would contain, he was still faring no better and was staring back with an open mouth as well at this tiny version of Tony.
Tony shrugged. “A taser that will take down a full grown adult.”
“It was partially from surprise,” Natasha explained, but she looked proud of her team’s destructive capabilities in all forms. “I don’t think he expected Tony to still be able to use his nanites in cat form. And for Steve to still be able to smash things with his shield.”
“Are you still together?” Steve asked, telling himself that this was for research. He needed to know his competition. He wasn’t
Because Bucky was right. When it came to the dancing, he was screwed anyway. There was no point thinking about that right now. Steve forced his eyes to the stage, forced his considerable attention onto what was happening on stage.
“You made them? Using magic?” Steve asked with some surprise.
“I just… I never guessed,” Tony said, sounding a little weak.
Steve’s heated blue gaze left Tony feeling like he was breathing in fumes, like he was wading through thick steam from evaporating water.
Why did so many of you like 'Dick in Hand' as a title, omg??  Haha, anyway, thanks for making me laugh >3<  I hope you enjoyed this latest smut-fluff combo chapter. Let's call this genre smuff. xD
Steve had tried to appeal to Doctor Strange, but after turning up through another one of his portals, he had taken one look at the dragon and declared, “She says she wants to stay here.”
“Thank you, T’Challa,” he said with warm gratitude.
Tossing the red briefs to the side, Steve placed his hands on Tony’s hips, framing the arched cock on display, thumbs nudging at the base of Tony’s desperate erection. With strange reverence, Steve bent down and pressed a soft kiss to the head of Tony’s arousal. He rested his petal-soft lips there for a moment, against the flushed wet tip as Tony panted, rested until a bead of precome dripped out to annoint his lower lip. His tongue darted out to lick it up and Tony arched in his grip, unable to help himself even though he was pinned down by Steve’s heavy hands.
Steve sat down beside Bucky with a low, grumbling growl, but his ears were less droopy and his tail was relaxed by his side now. Bucky gave him a few awkward pats on his head and Steve leaned heavily against his leg.
Steve smiled and rubbed at his chest, feeling warmed by the friends he had around him.
But Steve made sure he didn’t. After cleaning himself up, Steve had set up the workshop’s sink for Tony’s bath, stoppering up the drain and filling it with warm water. He had even added some liquid bodywash to the water and it had foamed up well enough to look like a miniature bubble bath. Tony had splashed around in the sink, enjoying the warmth and bubbles in a way which he rarely had time to do. Steve had watched with his elbow on the edge of the sink and his chin propped on one hand. He dipped his free hand into the water occasionally, splashing Tony cheekily only to have Tony try to arm wrestle his digits.
“Why are you my best friend again?” Steve wondered aloud, eyes wide with increased terror.
“Or we grow a pair and find out why the owner of that house decided it's a good idea to leave the stove on.”
Steve guessed that a ‘snagged scale type of issue’ meant that it was a troublesome piece of work and he decided to try to lighten the mood. “Wow, the great Tony Stark admitting he doesn’t know something.”
, someone who wasn’t Steve. He had no idea if John Oliver was an Alpha, Beta or Omega, but it didn’t matter because Tony’s taste ran towards all of them and Tony was still in heat talking about liking someone else.
The dance part of the masquerade ended without Steve even noticing, only blinking when he realized that there were wait staff in uniform collecting the masks and whisking them away on large trays, only to come out again with more trays of food and drinks. Steve drifted to a spot against a wall, absently eating and drinking without tasting or really seeing a single thing.
“The salesman was so offended, he kicked us out,” Bucky stopped laughing long enough to say.
Fury’s expression was unimpressed, clearly noticing the deflection. “Where are you from? Your identity is falsified and didn’t exist until a couple weeks ago.”
Natasha muttered, “Cats and
He took in the sight of Tony on the couch and his movements slowed with extra caution. With a lazy smile, Tony lifted a hand and wriggled his fingers in greeting. It wouldn’t be hard for Fury to guess what they had been doing recently with their mussed up hair and wrinkled outfits, especially with Tony obviously wearing Steve’s clothing. But Steve couldn’t care less what Fury assumed, as long as he didn’t know Tony’s actual origins. Steve had no idea what S.H.I.E.L.D. would do if they found out about a whole race of small magic-wielding merpeople and he wondered how they were going to keep Tony’s actual identity under wraps from an organization like S.H.I.E.L.D..
And it seemed like they had run out of it, despite all the rushing around.
“I might be open for negotiation,” Steve murmurs.
That sounded almost ominous. What would Tony be needing?
“That just makes you seem undecided, Edmund. You didn’t even pick a theme, they’re just random cars by different makers in different colors. You know what, I’m going to evoke the rule about one gift per person. So, buh-bye.”
They had completed most of their preparations by the time Thanos arrived, but they still hadn’t managed to restore Tony and Steve to their proper human forms.
“Miss Tibbs?” Steve asked, referring to the person he reported to in S.I., a little confused.
“So what stupid thing is Steve gonna do now?” Bucky asked.
“Yeah, and you wear masks for your day job, what’s the problem?” Bucky asked with a confused frown.
Steve turned and rubbed their cheeks together, drawing his nose to the back of Tony’s ear.
“Mister Stark says I’m the most advanced Artificial Intelligence on planet earth currently and you should be in awe of his genius,” J.A.R.V.I.S. sounded long-suffering when he said that. Steve realized that Tony was speaking with J.A.R.V.I.S. through the tablet.
“I know you want to,” Tony said, oozing confidence as he propped himself up on his elbows as if to put the expanse of his now-miniature body on display.
“Tony."
“What were you saying about my size difference kink? Do you want to instead talk about your manhandling kink?” Steve asked with a smile.
Tony blinked. “Wow. F.R.I.D.A.Y. never said... Huh. I’m just surprised. You never…uh...” He trailed off, looking more than a little dazed. Then he shook his head, visibly pulling himself together. “Never mind. Um, you have a gift for me?”
He grabbed Steve by the elbow and dragged him towards the stage, applying his elbow when necessary to get to his destination. When they were about ten feet from the stage, Bucky grabbed Steve by his shoulders and looked him in the eye.
But Steve didn’t have time to daydream about Tony’s gorgeous shoulders and back or stare at the other suitors. His slight worry from earlier was turning into a full-blown panic. The tips of his fingers were actually tingling as the back of his neck broke out in cold sweat.
The video call ended.
when he was in that state.
Throughout his jog, Steve’s usual calm from pushing his body hard was completely out of his reach. He was plagued by mounting anxiety. What Tony had said sounded ominous for some reason, even though he was asking Steve to wait for him. But why had he needed to ask that? They had an established routine and there was never a time when Steve had to wait for Tony. Steve usually jogged for an hour and went back to the spot in the water right in front of the rockpools where they had first met. Tony would be there, usually complaining about how he had been waiting for Steve.
F.R.I.D.A.Y. must have responded directly into Tony’s earpiece, because after a short pause, he said with some incredulity, “You’re not on the approved list. Are you actually crashing my party here?”
Tony said, his little face creased in a disapproving frown.
Natasha leaned in and murmured to Steve, “S.H.I.E.L.D.’s file on Tiberius indicated that he was after Stark Industries and even cheating on Tony, but Tony had seemed enamored with Stone at that time. After Obadiah Stane’s later betrayal, there’s some retrospective analysis that suggests that perhaps Obadiah had leaked those old orgy photos of Tony to stop Tony’s first and only Courting Ceremony because he didn’t want another Alpha involved in running Stark Industries. If Tony’s orgy with the Alphas, Betas and Omegas hadn’t hit the news before that first ceremony, history would be very different now.”
Steve would be worried he had offended Tony somehow if Tony didn’t sound so shocked and thrilled at the same time.
Thor frowns. “He was not as great an opponent as I expected.”
“Oh, do you have something in mind? We have a lot of new Courting promotions going on right now. We have the Prince & Princess line, the Earth series, and also our own personalized Scentears.”
“Yours, I’m all yours, Tony,” Steve murmured.
Tony continued. “The timing fit. You turned up here on vacation after the alien invasion, clearly in need of rest after a stressful ordeal. You forget your strength and speed sometimes. If the beach wasn’t so deserted most days, I’m sure everyone there would know you’re Captain America, with the speed and stamina you show when you jog. And your strong jawline and lovely mouth and pretty blue eyes are all quite distinctive, they’re hard not to recognize even from blurry mid-battle photos.”
“Of course, our friendship forged in battle is not so easily broken. I will look for a suitable home for this snake,” Thor said and swooped forward to plant a heavy kiss on Tony’s lips. They couldn’t see much more than the back of Thor’s long blonde hair but his large hand could be seen cupping the side of Tony’s face as he tipped Tony’s head back.
“Come now, Tony, surely we should be on first name basis,” the woman purred.
“What’s next, your majesty?” Steve asked sardonically. His initial awe and surprise was fading after being bossed around so thoroughly by a little merman less than six inches tall. If this was a hallucination, he had to give credit to his imagination for being so wild and unusual.
Even though it should have been obvious, Steve’s focus on everything else to do with the event meant that he had not realized until this point in time that everyone thought he was just here as one of Tony’s guests, present like any other Avenger to support his friend.
Steve thought back to his gift and started to shift nervously.
When Steve had asked Tony once why he wanted to be in the Avengers when he could instead focus on his clean energy plans and on cleaning the ocean, Tony had looked offended and said, “One, I can multitask, thank you very much. Two, I live on this Earth too, you know. If there’s going to be alien threats that regular people can’t handle, then I want to help.”
Tony shrugged, a motion he had copied from Steve and people on television.
Tony shook his head. “I’ve no idea what I saw in him and why I stayed with him for so long. In my defence, I was very young and very stupid.”
And what happened earlier came back to him.
Tony’s eyes were wide and he licked his lips again.
“I’m going to use technology to clean the ocean. It’s full of two-legs’ garbage nowadays, too much for magic to deal with, not without a great cost. But tech? Tech is perfect for it. All we need is advanced machinery and money. And I can get both.”
“That’s what I’m here for, to help you learn more about us ‘two-legs’ and our world. Not that I’ve been of much use up to now,” Steve said with a self-deprecating smile. He was well-aware that Tony didn’t really need him, was learning everything he needed from the Internet.
But the realization that Tony was learning and adapting in a way that indicated he might not need Steve for long remained a nagging worry at the back of Steve’s mind.
Steve grimaced at that. Yeah, that seemed to be a pretty big gruesome price. He tried to move on from that back to the original point. “So...what does that have to do with why you’re here?”
Steve rubbed a hand over his face, not sure where to start. He said, his voice quiet, “I don’t know what I have to offer him, Bucky. All the Captain America stuff? That’s the serum. I’m just a nobody from Brooklyn, with nothing good to offer and no money to my name. All I know how to do is fight which I’ve demonstrated by fighting
Then Tony drew back and Steve’s eyes fluttered open, just in time to see a lithe pink tongue sweep out along Tony’s lower lip, as if chasing Steve’s taste.
But Tony could be covered from head to toe in a burlap sack and Steve would have still been able to recognize him. It was impossible for Steve to be in Tony’s presence and not know without a doubt that this was Tony. There was something about the way he moved, with a grace and energy that was distinctly Tony’s. Then there was his scent, impossible to mistake as any other person’s with how he smelled like a day out in the middle of summer, hot asphalt and fresh air, happiness and warmth all entwined together.
“I present to you a figure of Iron Man, made out of rubies and garnets.”
“For those whom I’ve decided we aren’t compatible based on the gifts, you can still mingle and dance, and maybe find someone else you want to make a lasting connection with. Or a very short connection, whatever floats your boats.” At the end of that suggestion, Tony winked.
“Yes, Vicente and Alexandre! The two unbonded Alphas who kept trying to get in my pants because I’m in heat and you didn’t even notice that I was in heat!” Tony swung away, storming to the other side of the room, turning away from his horrible uncaring Alpha. His surge of fury swerved suddenly into deep despondence, an overwhelming misery. His Alpha didn’t notice he was in heat. His Alpha...didn’t even want him. “Don’t I smell good to you? Are you already losing interest in me?”
That probably meant that many of the other hopeful suitors hadn’t taken well to being interviewed by an Artificial Intelligence.
Steve could smell the faintest waft of his own scent from Tony’s wrist, and he couldn’t help but pick up Tony’s hand and touch the bracelet on that wrist. Giving in to the overwhelming urge, Steve lifted Tony’s wrist to his face, drawing his nose over the skin the bracelet rested against. It was Steve’s more earthy smell mixed in with Tony’s metallic one.
instead. Steve tried not to have thoughts about Tony in lingerie because he was in public and he didn’t need to explain why he was suddenly sending out possessive and aroused pheromones.
“It’s something to do with your hands so you don’t look so much like you’re going to reach for a hidden gun at any moment,” Sam grumbled.
# # #
Steve’s eyes snapped open as he looked around in confusion.
Steve winced, rubbing the back of his neck. “I just mixed up the glasses. I wasn’t looking when I reached for my milk.”
Apparently, nest-making wasn’t something that his large brain and keen observations instinctively understood.
“Uh…” Tony said before his tongue darted out to lick his lips, as if on instinct.
Oh god, what had he been thinking?
# # # # # #
“Oh, I only found out about his Captain America identity after we became friends. That was interesting but it wasn’t why I approached him,” Tony said airily.
He sucked the head of Steve’s cock back into his mouth, but this time, he kept going. He pressed down and down, relaxing his throat as much as possible until his lips almost reached the base of Steve’s erection. Steve was swearing up a storm, legs trembling as Tony pulled off and then plunged down, over and over again as he relished the feel of that hard cock fucking into his mouth and throat. Sometimes Tony stopped with the full hard length in him and he just swallowed repeatedly around Steve’s arousal, enjoying how his throat constricted haplessly against that immovable cock.
Bucky looked at his palm covered in dog drool and wiped it on his pants while making a face. “Thanks, Steve.” What a punk.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Last I checked, talking to someone isn’t an offence.”
Steve rolled his eyes at the patronizing comment. “I meant that you’ll dry out if you stay out for too long and we can’t just pop you into a glass of seawater or the aquarium. I’ll go fill the bathtub now with seawater. You won’t be able to fit entirely but surely you’ll fit enough to soak your scales.”
Tony peered at Steve’s eye, hissing with sympathy. “Ooh, it’s quite the shiner already. That’s fast.”
There was a beautiful, dark haired woman on stage, sitting on the stool across from Tony. She was describing what sounded to be a penthouse. “—with beautiful views over the Hudson river, custom-furnished for Omega needs. It has
He had forgotten about Amber’s animosity towards him, but when he remembered, he looked down to see that she was watching him calmly, no hissing or snarling present.
Steve gasped too.
When he focused on Steve’s face again, he realized that Steve was barely breathing with how worried he was.
Steve wasn’t used to the courting methods of the modern day, where there wasn’t necessarily any formal declarations of intent, of how serious the courting would be. So he had declared his intent in the only way he knew how for a situation like this. After Tony flipped through the pages, there would be no denying Steve’s feelings and how seriously he was taking this.
Steve ran a hand through his blonde hair and frowned when he rubbed his fingers together. His hair was still standing up in silly spiky tufts. He said, “I’ve got to...go wash my hair too.”
Tony opened the sketchbook and for a moment, Steve was terrified that Tony would show the sketches to the camera without looking through them. While he had wanted Tony to know his intent, he didn’t want his heart bared to the world like this.
Bucky stared. “I don’t understand.”
“Oh, really?” Tony asked, surprised.
So, they had a fairly destructive kleptomaniac of a creature from another dimension living in the Avengers tower, they had no idea what was normal for it and everyone seemed to be going with the flow without an issue.
“Well, aren’t you the boyscout,” Stark murmured.
“Ugh, I’m supposed to be the one with all the smart comebacks,” Tony complained, before looking down at the bracelet. He looked up from beneath his dark lashes and said, “Well? Aren’t you going to put it on me?”
who you are. Courting you isn’t going to change my mind.”
But Tony only shrugged again, using his left hand to scoop his food up to his mouth. With the 3D printer or his own fabrication unit, Tony could easily make little utensils to match his size. But merpeople didn’t eat with utensils and Tony didn’t seem to see a good reason for him to start now.
“Now I do,” Tony agreed in the same tone.
So it was with sad, longing eyes that Tony watched the dragons open up a portal in the middle of the carpark and trooped through. It was almost enough for Steve to try to negotiate for them to keep a dragon after all. He was always much too weak against Tony’s sad, dark eyes. But when he turned to Doctor Strange, he was pinned with a hard stare and a slight head-shake. So, that was a ‘no’ even before Steve asked his question, which did rather save time.
Tony groaned, almost collapsed back against Steve. “You noticed.” He sighed, squirming until Steve loosened his hold a fraction, enough for Tony to turn around and stare at Steve in confusion. “Why didn’t you say anything?”
“That’s...true. But what does that have to do with anything?” Steve asked, completely baffled now.
“Uhhhh...it’s really, really good make-up. Top of the line at looking like the person who has it on doesn’t have it on,” Steve said, before cursing himself, because what the hell? What was he even saying? And really good make-up? The billionaire in front of him could probably afford the best of cosmetics, much better than any random illustrator, and Steve was trying to pretend that Tony wouldn’t have heard about a top of the line
And Steve obliged.
That resulted in Steve stabbing a piece of bacon extra hard. “That’s ridiculous, you’re allowed to dance or not dance with whoever you want at your own Courting Ceremony. And there’s nothing
Steve imagined his sketchbooks with all his private art auctioned off for charity, imagined strangers leafing through the pages where he had spent hours bent over Tony’s face or hands or shoulders or calves…
Steve was crying out and moaning in turns, his back slumped against the wall. It was a good thing Tony had positioned them so close to one. He was really enjoying how heavily Steve’s cock was leaking now, and he pulled back to suck on the flushed vulnerable head, lave his tongue against the little slit like he could coax more precome out.
Spinning around in his tiny form, Tony surveyed his domain, except now he was a very small person in what probably seemed like a rather oversized domain. Tony looked back at the box he had just escaped from, covered in its now torn open wrapping paper, probably reading the card in a glance.
Thinking about Maria, who kept tropical fish and had once vented about irresponsible fish owners who put fish in too small tanks, Steve made his way to his bathroom. There was a bathtub in there which was spacious enough for him, so surely it was big enough for Tony.
, to present to Steve, because he was Steve’s and Steve was his, and this was
Out of curiosity, Steve twisted the pen, and Tony howled, fucking back harder.
# # # # # #
Steve stood outside the lift like an idiot, staring back at Stark.
Tilting his head, Steve said, “What if I want to talk about it?” Then, he moved his finger and placed it upright between Tony’s legs, pressing forward very slightly to touch against the fabric of Tony’s pants.
# # #
“As for you, Alexandre, you obviously went to school in America. What is with the fake accent? That’s just embarrassing. And I’ve no interest in someone who squeezes the asses of the serving staff just because they think they’re in the position to get away with disgusting behavior like that.”
“The Stark Expo is a lot bigger now than it used to be in your time,” Natasha murmured.
“What...really?” Clint asked, staring between Vision and Wanda.
Steve stiffened. “Why? What happened?”
Steve stepped forward, well into Ty’s personal space. But to give credit to Ty’s courage, or possibly his stupidity, he stood his ground and didn’t move, even though he swallowed involuntarily. Steve and Ty were about the same height, and at a glance, they looked superficially alike, with the blond hair and blue eyes. But where Steve’s expression was hard, with eyes flinty from fury, Ty’s was a sneering mask, with his eyes darting down to Steve’s arms in a way that gave away his fear. They might be close in height, but Steve was much broader, his hard muscles visible even through his tailored suit.
“Forever and ever, til death do us part,” Steve said, holding Tony’s hand, unsure who was trembling more.
“I’m impressed by how you always find a way to fight free even when you’re backed into a corner. You were young and there were so many people trying to pull your strings, but you didn’t let them,” Steve said, shaking his head with an admiring smile. He looked a bit sad when he continued, “I’m sorry you had to go through that, but I’m glad you did anyway so you didn’t have to bond with Tiberius.”
satisfying reaction. But Tony only patted him condescendingly on the cheek and said, “Stay away from me, Ty. Next time, we won’t be so nice.”
Steve watched as Amber ambled up to Tony on his workbench and laid her head on his forearm. Without looking away from the holograms in front of him, Tony rubbed behind the back of Amber’s neck frills. Steve could have sworn her golden eyes slid towards him and slit with smug satisfaction.
Absently, Steve noted that there were gold accents at the collar and buttons of the waistcoat, but otherwise, he was too busy staring at Tony’s bare biceps and strong forearms. He drank in the way the halter of the waistcoat drew an upside down V close to the neck that emphasized the breadth of those shoulders. The waistcoat didn’t cut too deep down the front, just enough to reveal sharp clavicles and the dip between pectorals. From just above the waistcoat’s collar, there was a hint of glowing arc reactor and nanite container.
Before Steve could be on the receiving end of more teasing, he leaned down and kissed that beautiful smug smile, curling a hand around Tony’s waist as he stepped back into his apartment. Tony followed eagerly, kissing him back with fervor.
Ty took a hasty step back this time, smelling of fear.
Tony recovered quickly, sitting up and gripping Steve’s thumb.
, at least not by the standards of most people on land. He was speaking like how Tony used to, through the mind.
Tiberius paled and allowed himself to be escorted away. He shouted over his shoulder, “You’re just a has-been, Tony. You think you’re so great? Nobody really wants an old, dried-up Omega like you, they only want your money!”
Steve sucked him down, swallowed him as Tony gasped and shook, trying not to come immediately. When Steve let Tony’s cock slide with excruciating slowness out of his mouth, Tony almost cried out in protest. But he didn’t have time to marshal any demands because Steve was moving back to where Tony was dripping with want and dragging his tongue over puckered skin with the barest of touch.
“I want him to pay,” screamed the man, voice wobbling with fury and emotion. “This is all his fault, and I want the world to see it.”
In response, Sam turned so that he was facing away from Bucky and looking towards Natasha instead. “Is that young Beta who used to be in S.H.I.E.L.D. still single? The one who couldn’t keep his eyes off my thighs?”
Steve gritted his teeth and stepped away to put the drink down on the coffee table. He caught Nat’s sympathetic gaze and decided he needed some time with a punching bag. Purely for training’s sake.
“You already know all of my family,” Steve pointed out, thinking about Bucky, Sam and Nat, about the Avengers. Then he thought about Rhodey, Pepper and Happy. “And I know all of yours.”
“Oh...you don’t?” For some reason, Bucky sounded surprised. It was strange because Bucky typically didn’t make assumptions on preferences and not every Alpha preferred Omegas, regardless of the stereotype.
“Okay, good,” Tony said with a faint flush to his cheeks. “That’s, uh, good to know. It’s serious...for me too. Just so you know.”
Tony urged.
With so many potential witnesses still around, Steve couldn’t possibly take the guy down with a single roundhouse kick. He tried to make it look instead like he had recklessly flung himself at the attacker and was trying to grapple with him. Between their bodies, no one could see him rabbit punch the pack on the guy’s torso, hoping to disable it since Steve was sure the whips were connected to it somehow. The guy tried to bring his whip down on him, but Steve grabbed his wrist, squeezing it. Whip Guy’s eyes widened as his bones ground together, and he released the whip in his hand.
“Your delivery is here,” Steve said to Tony.
Sam gaped. “But Peggy Carter was an Alpha. Steve gave an Alpha a Courting gift? I’m surprised she didn’t see it as an insult considering how things were like back in the forties.”
Steve sighed. “Why spend time on the gifts when I knew no one was going to accept them, not with the way I looked back then? I only gave them because Bucky kept trying to get me to do double Courtships with him.”
Tony said with tentative uncertainty.
Tony and Steve had looked exceptionally proud of themselves, visibly so even as a cat and a dog.
“Don’t get attached. We might have to use lethal force to take them down,” Steve pointed out. Already, one of the larger dragons had spouted fire in the direction of another dragon. The only positive was that the dragons seemed to be flying erratically, not really coordinating any attack on the people on the ground or in the buildings.
“What we’ll start off with are the Courting gifts. You can present your gifts to me, and I may or may not accept them. You can also, right off the bat, decide you don’t want to present me with a gift anymore after you hear what I have planned. Well, I say planned, if coming up with this in the last ten minutes counts as a plan. If you decide your gift is better suited for someone else you’ve just met at this ceremony, by all means, approach them. Be polite and respectful about it, otherwise we’re booting you out of this place.
Steve had been standing there, trying to catch his breath and looking around in alert wariness for anymore attackers when Tony had walked into the room. Steve could only watch forlornly as Tony looked around and took in the damage, took in the downed robots and raised a single eyebrow at Steve, who stood there without a single scratch on him.
Although, Steve did note that Tony hadn’t declared Steve or his ass or his biceps as amazing ever since Amber arrived. And the cheek-kisses he received from Tony during the day had been reduced by half with Amber hissing every time they were in close proximity outside the bedroom, where she had been banned from.
Steve received a solid black mask that covered his entire face, allowing sight through almond-shaped eyeholes. A sharp golden V drew down from the eyeholes to the tip of where his nose would be beneath the mask, giving the impression of a beaked mask. A fine black and golden striped feather curled up from one side of the mask and it tilted at a jaunty angle when he pulled the mask on. The mask stayed on perfectly when he pulled the black velvet straps over the back of his head. He suspected they weren’t regular straps when they seemed to automatically adjust their length on their own, pulling the mask closer into place over his face, ensuring a snug fit.
“He’s killed too many in any case,” Steve says, looking around the empty town with sharp regret that so many lives had been lost.
“You really like the goats, huh?” Steve asked with some amusement.
Fury blinked at him slowly. “In that little thing?”
“It’s just such a gorgeous cock,” Tony said, voice hoarse from his activities. “I just love your cock so much.”
Steve was out for his jog one day when he received a text message on his phone. He slowed down and took his phone out, checking what it said.
He said that, but Tony was a genius with highly attuned observational skills, especially when it came to a certain Alpha. Steve was always in a better mood if his blood sugar was kept at an even keel.
Tony asked, blinking slowly as if he had figured out Steve’s weakness.
“Yours, all yours,” Steve said, as if in answer to something. Tony had no idea what, but he felt pleased anyway with Steve declaring that he was Tony’s. That was right, it felt so right to hear it.
, otherwise things would get very awkward fast.
“I can’t wait to hear your explanation for this,” Tony said with a grin, looking all too amused. “There’s no one else here so I don’t want to hear anything about how someone else did all this. So tell me, Steve, my regular totally normal illustrator, how did you manage to destroy six killer robots?”
That coward.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony had asked to go for a swim that morning.
It was Tony. That mysterious developer was Tony.
Raising a hand placatingly, Tony said, “They all still apply. Look, I’m just… We just need to talk. We couldn’t really talk much, not when we were surrounded by so many people. And if this is going to be serious, we need to talk about a couple things.”
“I’ll fall down the shower drain,” Tony said with a grumble.
It was a carefully shaded sketch of Tony in the Iron Man suit, faceplate lifted as he munched on a donut held in one gauntlet, a little icing smeared on the corner of his lips. There was a faint bruise around one eye and the armor was clearly badly damaged from whatever recent fight they just had. Tony had chosen the sketch well, nothing too revealing or vulnerable for either of them. The knot in Steve’s stomach loosened at Tony’s careful consideration of Steve’s feelings, the way he thought about how Steve would feel showing his art to the world when he had kept it secret from everyone before this. Steve had no doubts that if he shook his head, Tony would find a way to avoid displaying any of this to the audience.
# # #
He wasn’t really paying attention to their squabbling at this point. Did that hussy Omega just put his hand on Steve’s shoulder? In what situation would necessitate him putting his hand on Steve’s shoulder? What was his excuse?
There was a simple way to find out for sure. “JARVIS, when was this present placed on this table?”
“Thanks, I’ll need all the blessing I can get,” Steve said wryly.
“My phone?” Steve asked, a little baffled.
The night carried on as they continued their mating, voices rising and falling in unison.
Sighing, Doctor Strange went to pull out some old dusty tomes.
Yes, because of charity and giving the country something to talk about. But also, because of Steve.
Steve tamped down on the possessive surge of feelings, on the urge to start assessing John Oliver as a threat. Something in his gaze must have given him away anyway because Tony was now smirking at him, and that throw had slipped off the other shapely shoulder too, only still hanging on by Tony’s grasp.
Steve jerked and then asked with urgency, “What do you need me to do?”
Steve cuts him off with a punch to the jaw. Surprisingly, Thanos takes the blow without flinching and punches back with inhuman speed. But Thanos’ fist collides instead with the energy shield that flares into existence from Steve’s metal wristband.
“I— You know what, I wasn’t expecting that,” Sam said. “Share some of that popcorn, will ya, and tell me all about Steve Rogers the crappy Courting gifter.”
Steve said, still distracted, “I just wanted to catch up on some news while you were napping.”
Steve nodded like that made any sense at all to him and fled into the lift after Tony stepped out.
Steve smiled. “There’s more.”
Steve grinned at the television. “Yeah, that’s me.
They held gazes for a moment, and Tony must have read the sincerity of Steve’s understanding. Tony’s gaze dropped before he said,
“The poor guy, do you think he’s traumatized from the dancing?” Sam asked. “He seems so out of it.”
Usually his desk was a hive of activity when Tony was there, but that day, it was unusually quiet. There was nothing being manufactured by the miniature fabrication units that took up a quarter of the desk now. Tony wasn’t flopping about in front of his tablet, ordering DUM-E and U about in high pitched whistles and clicks. There wasn’t DUM-E hiding behind Steve’s arm when Tony inevitably scolded him, which usually resulted in Tony waving his little fists even more and then touching Steve’s arm to scold Steve as well for spoiling DUM-E.
By the end of the month, Amber had her own suite to stay in. Doctor Strange had helped as the Official Dragon Habitat Consultant, named by Tony as a more important role than Sorcerer Supreme Cheese Pizza or whatever. It was at that point that Doctor Strange had declared he never wanted to hear from Tony again unless the world was ending.
“How did you recognize me?” T’Challa asked curiously, his voice much deeper with the mask’s modulator on.
Apparently dragons didn’t have names, not the way humans did, but Tony still maintained they had to call her something, so he settled for Amber. It was probably the most sensible name that Tony had ever come up with in his whole life. Steve was almost disturbed by that.
With the failed attempt at snooping, Steve was relegated back to sitting tight and maintaining his cover while Nat stepped up her attempt to figure out what was going on with Tony.
I seriously considered writing some kind of rose ceremony ala the Bachelor but I couldn’t do it, lol. So, this is my first a/b/o fic, and I was pretty worried throughout if I actually gave it enough a/b/o elements. I read the genre, but I never thought I would write it because I lack confidence in making it a satisfying read. The original prompt asked for no explicit smut, which is why I couldn't lean on that. I hope this was a satisfying a/b/o courtship read in any case!
“I wonder what they’ll do if the gift is too big to be carried,” Sam said. “Because some of these rich cats are going to try to give Tony cars and mansions, I just know it.”
“Can I help you, sir?” an assistant offered, dressed in a gray cashmere sweater and dark slacks. His name badge said ‘Lee’ and he smelled like an Omega. “This is our current bestseller and a real hit among the Omegas right now.”
Tony grinned. “Right? He’s so romantic.” He looked up at Steve from beneath his lashes in exaggerated flirtation, but that resulted in Steve actually blushing which was so adorable. What a ridiculous Alpha.
During the chitauri invasion, the World Security Council — which S.H.I.E.L.D. reported to — had tried to nuke New York in a move of extreme stupidity. Bruce in his Hulk form had grabbed hold of the nuclear missile, jumped to the highest building, and jumped through the portal with the nuke. He had fallen back out eventually, crashing on top of a building. But when they had went looking for him, all they found was a building with its top five stories destroyed by heavy impact, and the Hulk was nowhere to be found.
But there was just something viscerally satisfying in knowing that they both belonged to each other, to the extent that they were willing to say it even though they were both usually disinclined to actual communication on most days.
His face looked pale under the bright white light and his hair looked thin while plastered to his forehead. The way his lips were pressed together made him look grim, unfriendly. He tucked the towel around his waist with a sigh.
Steve dutifully bit down into one but also said at the same time with some exasperation, “Eating doesn’t actually improve my mood, you know.”
Fury sat down on the other end of the couch, sliding the pizza boxes onto the coffee table, to reveal that he had been holding two guns under the boxes. When Steve glared at them, Fury unrepentantly slid them into their shoulder holsters beneath his jacket. Shrugging, Tony turned his hand up to show a little black rod, small enough to be hidden in his palm. He slipped it into his pocket.
“Even if he wasn’t, Tony would just bug him until he did,” Clint called out from the co-pilot’s seat up front.
Steve stared at the tiny tools in Tony’s hands.
He aimed his gauntlet lower significantly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Before Thanos can respond, a repulsor blast hits him from the side.  Even as Tony sends more repulsor blasts at Thanos from his watch-turned-gauntlet, he calls out, “Thor, ready to join the fun yet?”
“That’s good, Tony, you’re doing so good,” Steve murmured. “Give me more slick, I want you wetter.”
“Yep,” Tony agreed.
“What’s happening, J.A.R.V.I.S.?” Steve asked in a panic.
Happy stepped in front of Tony. “No more kissing, pal. We’ve still got a long line to get through.”
Natasha picked out a canapé from a waiter who presented a tray of finger food to all of them. “Which means another forty minutes in Starkland. He’s not going to miss out on a grand entrance. It’ll probably be like the Stark Expo all over again.”
“Tony, Tony…” Steve whispered, the gust of hot breath raising Tony’s hair. “You smell
Steve smiled. “No, you didn’t. But I recognize that expression by now after three days of you saying it aloud.”
Another person right at the steps leading up to the stage handed Steve a very large box. “Your gift that you sent in earlier, Sir.”
“Isn’t she amazing?” Tony said, which was probably the hundredth time he had said that about Amber at this point. She preened under his attention.
Sam wondered aloud, “I don’t get why you’re marking each other with these strange scents. Why don’t you guys just bond already? You’ve been crazy for each other for so long.”
Turning over to bury his face in his freshly laundered pillow, Tony groaned in embarrassment. He didn’t like it when Alphas were overly possessive and he had ended more than one fling when possessiveness had reared its head. But he had spent his entire heat saying that he belonged to Steve and repeatedly stating his claim on Steve. It was the most shameful hypocrisy.
Steve strode forward, ignoring the photographers who were quickly snapping shots of him in his deep blue three-piece suit and white shirt. His suit jacket, vest and fitted slacks had the finest dark red, almost black, pinstripes through them, the color only visible on close inspection. He wore a deep red bowtie as well to finish off the look. When Sam had seen what he was wearing, he had whistled and said, “Captain America formal wear. This is gonna become a trend, mark my words.”
Steve frowned. “What we expect?”
Bucky nodded and asked, “You noticed that too, huh? Do you think they can actually understand each other’s hissing, meowing and barking?”
. Tony’s relationship with Steve was all over the news so these two must be one of those idiots who thought that the relationship was fake or that they were so much better than Steve Rogers and could seduce Tony away. Or maybe they just thought that Tony was that much of a slutty Omega.
It was pretty obvious that Tony didn’t spend much time in his office at all.
That was how Steve ended up walking through the small two bedroom house, naming all kinds of mundane household items so Tony could learn what they were. It took an hour and a half before Tony was satisfied.
That seemed to sting Ty for real, because his blue gaze turned darker. He looked to Steve, lips spreading into a shark-like grin. “How are you enjoying everyone’s sloppy seconds, Captain? You could ask how many people Tony has had his way with just around this ballroom alone.”
This time, it was Steve who arched and thrust as his knot inflated. It was big, god, it was
“Do you even remember what day it is?” Tony snapped. “Can’t you smell it? Do you even care?”
It was dirty and wrong and
“You’re the one who is turned on by this,” Steve said in wonderment as light dawned.
“You cannot deny that he would be a great addition,” T’Challa said, giving Steve a sly look out of the corner of his eyes.
Tony felt achy in every muscle of his body, a product of a sex marathon that lasted more than three days. But it was a satisfying ache, leaving his body brimming with languorous lassitude. He knew the only reason why he felt so good was because Steve was a considerate lover and also had ensured Tony had kept hydrated and fed throughout the experience. In the past, there had been some heats where Tony had woken up with a pounding migraine and starving, body desperate for water and food. But Steve had made sure that didn’t happen.
A Courting Ceremony for everyone? So Tony was turning this into an open Courting Ceremony, instead of one just for himself? The whispers started up among the crowd, but Steve kept his gaze trained on Tony.
He has always been amazed at Tony's way of dealing with something unexpected and often life-threatening. Whether it was New York or the numerous Hydra bases they wiped out, Tony took one look at the situation, uttered some well-placed curse words and a sarcastic remark before he dove in and kicked ass. So it's not surprising when Tony squares his shoulders and gives a curt nod. “I say we got two options,” he states, as if this is just a minor setback of a project in his lab, and not a completely lifeless town in the desert. “Take off like a couple of cats who saw the chihuahua on the other side of the street-” He's known Tony long enough to be certain that's not a viable option. He's too curious.
“And I better get a shower. If you hadn’t spent an hour in the shower, maybe I wouldn’t have to rush now,” Bucky said with an eye-roll.
Steve wasn’t sure if they were still together, but on one of his visits to Wakanda, he had walked in on M’Baku backing T’Challa up against a wall, large hands cradling T’Challa’s head. The way T’Challa’s hands had been tangled in M’Baku’s furs, pulling him down so that their lips met, had been telling.
A banging started against the bathroom door and Bucky’s voice called from outside. “I can smell you panicking, punk. Get out here.”
So Tony had created Iron Man, a red and gold gleaming armor that could
This was the place where he had first met Erskine, his first step towards the serum, his first step towards the future. And here he was again, hoping to take another first step to a new life, to a new beginning with Tony...
“Nope. Rejected. Someone get him out of here,” Tony ordered with no small amount of disgust.
“Eh, I don’t swing that way.”
He wondered if Bruce would appreciate their arrival.
. Just smells of desperation. Then it turns out it was all a sham and you didn’t even dance with anyone at your own masquerade. Are you paying Captain America to pretend to court you?”
This time, when Tony twisted, Steve didn’t hold him down. Steve moved back, giving Tony space to turn, roll onto his front instead. The high thread count sheets felt lovely against his skin, made him want to rub downwards and spread his scent deeper into their nest. But instead, he bent his elbows, dipped his shoulders low and arched his lower back up.
“That’s putting it mildly,” Steve murmured.
Sharp teeth bit into soft, vulnerable neck, into scent glands and Tony felt his back arched, felt his body seized in an endless gasp. Suddenly, Steve was lodged hard and deep inside of him in all ways, hard cock in his soft wet hole, hard teeth in his soft neck, arms surrounding him, hand suddenly surrounding and squeezing Tony’s cock…
“Okay,” Steve said with a slightly shaky voice before pulling away. He murmured, “I better get changed.”
“Who the hell is Thanos?” Bucky asked, bluntly.
Oh, who was he kidding, he had no strategy at all.
“Let’s go home,” Steve said.
“They think they can help,” Steve said quietly.
Now Steve was just confused and he said as much. “You want to be sure that I’m sure...about what?”
Rolling his eyes, Bucky left and quietly closed the door behind him.
They looked at each other, trying to gauge the unspoken words between them, until suddenly Happy’s loud and obnoxious throat-clearing broke them out of their mutual reverie.
That was a classic Tony Stark obfuscation if Steve had ever heard any, so Steve asked more directly, “What was your other reason for holding this Courting Ceremony then?”
All of a sudden, he pinned Steve’s hips to the wall with one hand. He knew Steve was letting him do that since there was no way he was a match against that superserum strength. It was a thrill to know that he had Steve, this Alpha stronger than most Alphas, obeying his every signal.
Suddenly, he was swept up into Steve’s arms and kissed madly, sloppily. Obviously Steve was still struggling to regain his coordination after what seemed like a mindblowing orgasm. But already, his hands were drifting downwards, one seeking Tony’s neglected cock, the other seeking his sopping wet hole.
Steve raised his eyebrows. “And you like that?”
It took a moment for Steve to register that Tony had just kissed him on the cheek.
# # # # # #
But Steve wasn’t ashamed that he had drawn Tony, and there wasn’t anything too personal in this sketch. So Steve nodded with a small smile and Tony flipped it so that it was facing the audience.
If you liked the story, you can reblog it on Tumblr over
“A civilian,” Fury snorted as he stepped into the living room, as casually as he could while scanning the room.
Never mind that the others said the same thing about him and Steve.
He blinked once and found Steve on the lush carpeted floor, not even the bed. But it was fine because there were pillows and old clothing on the floor too, under their bodies. The whole room was his nest, filled up with comfortable, familiar things with both their scents. So he had Steve on his back, in their nest, and he was slowly pulling at Steve’s hard cock. It looked so wet and flushed, worked hard and ready to work harder.
“Tony,” Steve murmured, touching his shoulder, drawing him close.
The black mask was rather cute, with little drawn in cat ears and a smiling whiskered cat face.
Tony tried to think about what happened. He remembered what he saw, how he felt. Kenny, young and gorgeous, leaning in and talking to Steve. Steve had smiled, polite but distanced, nodding along to whatever Kenny was saying. He remembered how his emotions ran high, the absolute rage clouding his mind at the sight of Steve and Kenny standing next to each other.
Later, Steve had to hide a smile while Tony lay on his back, tail hanging listlessly off the side of the desk, with a rounded stomach from too much food. Tony let out a tiny groan from eating too much, but he was also smiling so Steve considered it a successful experiment.
It was a formal acceptance. Nowadays, it wasn’t considered a necessary part of courtship anymore, but Steve appreciated Tony following a custom that was more common back in Steve’s childhood days. He had dreamed once of hearing such words from the person he loved; never could he have imagined where life would take him and the amazing person he would hear it from.
What...what was he doing? Why was he waving? Steve hurriedly put his hand down and turned around sharply.
“I saw Alexandre and Vicente following you around the place and I knew you wouldn’t be happy if I interfered. So when Kenny started talking to me, and I knew he was, uh, attracted, I started pretending to pay him attention,” Steve explained.
Steve had put the unusual morning swim behind him that evening when J.A.R.V.I.S. suddenly called out.
T’Challa leaned in and murmured, “The secret is for you to let Tony lead. Don’t overthink it, don’t stare at your feet. Most of everyone will expect you, the big Alpha in the room, to want to lead, which is what happened when you danced with your friends as well. So they all tried to let you take the lead. But, like myself, Tony has probably been trained since he was a child to dance in any situation, in any position. If he leads, you need only follow. It will be easier.”
“This Courting Ceremony was because I thought that the country needed a little bit of a pick me up, a reminder of what we still have and what we should be celebrating: Life. We have to keep living. Sometimes, it feels like we’ve forgotten how.
“Only for you. I only smell like that for you. It’s all for you,” Tony rambled, not making much sense but not caring when he felt drunk on Steve’s arms around him, on the scent filling him. Steve smelled
“What are you doing here?” Tony asked immediately.
“You didn’t even know I would,” Tony pointed out. “I’ve never done that before.”
There were reporters lined up along the red carpet leading into the building, standing behind red velvet ropes. They snapped photos and called out questions, but nothing over the top, so it seemed everyone was on their best behavior. None of the Avengers stopped to answer questions.
The light on Tony’s chest flared sharply and spilled outwards, sudden enough that Steve found he couldn’t see, blinded by the abrupt white blue light that filled the room. He shaded his eyes with his arm but it was too late. He was still blinking away little starbursts of light when he slowly tried to look around.
They took a few slow turns, Steve trying to memorize how it felt to have Tony here with him like this, to move together like they were meant to be. Just in case...just in case it didn’t work out...
Tony shrugged.
On an impulse, Steve leaned down and breathed a warm gust of air over Tony’s pelvis area. Tony moaned and writhed at the sensation, suddenly panting for breath as his cock leaked even more. As if desperate for something to move against, Tony rolled over onto his front and started humping Steve’s gloved palm with rolling thrusts of his hips. Maybe the soft leather of his gloves provided just the right level of friction because Tony’s left hand came up to grip Steve’s curled pinkie in clear desperation. The sight of his bare round buttocks clenching and unclenching as he moved was surprisingly entrancing despite his size. It was like watching porn on a small screen, except he could feel Tony right there, rubbing off against his hand.
“It’s empty.”
“Don’t say his name,” Tony snapped even as he preened because
His hot breath on Tony’s ear drove a shiver up his spine, which resulted in Rhodey chucking a bit of toast at them to stop their ‘canoodling’ in his own words.
“Did you realize that you did mostly well when we were dancing together?” T’Challa asked.
Bucky leaned in, “Is this guy serious or is he pulling our legs?”
Disappear him? What the hell?
, as Bucky described it — about the best way to make his feelings clear to Tony.
“You. If it was Tony, there would be more dramatics. An explosion or two,” Steve pointed out, wry.
Tony sobbed at the wet pleasure snaking into him, clenching heat washing through him as Steve ate him out thoroughly. Steve pulled out, causing Tony to whimper in the back of his throat, but Steve was only taking the time to lick around Tony’s opening, catching any dripping slick sliding out. Tony felt his hole clench with want, felt more slick dribble out as his arousal pulsed higher.
Then a thought struck Steve. In a panic, he said, “Tony, you can’t fit in a glass anymore.”
Wanting to help was a need that Steve could easily understand as well.
As they walked, Steve felt the armor seemingly melt away under his fingers, until he had his hand pressed skin to skin against Tony’s. Steve watched from the corner of his eyes as the armor receded away starting from the tips of Tony’s fingers and shoes, nanites drawing up into the arc reactor until Tony was only wearing his dark suit and platinum gold shirt.
. Although, maybe if I just licked you…but would you even feel anything? What if I wore a condom on my whole body—”
. One might buy pillows or blankets for nesting before the first shared heat, but you didn’t buy furniture for Courting Ceremonies. That fleeting thought about Tony’s heat and what they might do together to prepare for it was enough to make Steve squirm and feel warm under his collar.
Bucky sighed. “Maybe he broke Tony’s foot.” Slinging an arm around Steve’s shoulder, Bucky tried to cheer him up by saying, “It’s okay, buddy, Tony isn’t going to hold that against you. He’s forgiven you for much worse after all.”
Tony was clearly a curious cat, sticking to the walls as he sniffed and investigated the hall. He got on his hind legs to sniff at a stand holding a small urn, tail arched up behind him like a question mark. Much to Bucky’s surprise, Tony suddenly leapt up onto the stand, precariously balanced with the little space available on it. He bent his head to sniff at the little urn when Steve suddenly started barking loudly, his loud deep ‘woofs’ echoing in the hall. Tony looked like he was going to ignore him, but Steve padded nearer to the stand and barked more urgently.
It was definitely a strange feeling; the wet scales against his skin, the little body resting in his palm.
“You know, I think you really are. Your shiner is even completely gone, which I would have sworn based on how it looked yesterday, you would be having one for at least the next few days,” Tony said, sounding so very casual that it was impossible that he was really taking this casually.
“We could take turns,” said the muscular man with a grin. Steve couldn’t scent him from there, but he would bet that he was an Alpha.
Both Bucky and Sam started to bicker as their group of four slowly walked the perimeter of the circular hall. They grazed off the finger food and drank champagne, whether it affected them or not. They had walked round the hall four times when Clint was suddenly there, giving out hugs to everyone.
Steve ignored their little scuffle and moved on to the next store. It was a scent shop called “Scentology”, with an elegant sign upfront promoting their “Special Courting Gifts” and smaller text about their bestseller “Crimson and Gold”. It seemed likely that the store was trying to sell to the hopefuls who would be attending Tony’s Courting Ceremony and there really was no reason for Steve to believe that a company trying to cash in on Tony’s event would be of any help…but he was curious.
Tony’s tone sounded offended. Then he clung on tighter to Steve’s finger and turned wide eyes up at Steve.
Steve was just a little concerned that his gift was too boring and staid. Even cheap. He was worried that Tony would look at it and think it was a joke, as compared to all the other luxurious and decadent gifts being presented. It wouldn’t be like Tony at all to think that way, but the disparity in price between what most people got for Tony and what Steve had chosen was starting to nag on Steve anyway.
That only caused Steve to laugh harder.
That earned him a blush from Wanda and an exaggerated eye-roll from Bucky.
Bucky switched the video camera on the tablet to front facing mode so Steve could see him again.
“I was 78% sure!” Tony protested. “Sure enough that I’m willing to try it on DUM-E and U to make them bigger, once I have a couple arc reactors ready. I’m going to be working on a much larger scale from here on, so I need them bigger too.”
Steve realized that his hand was wedged under Tony’s tail, probably trapped there when the size change suddenly happened and Tony would have abruptly outgrown the hand he had been sitting on less than a minute ago. Unconsciously, Steve’s fingers twitched, feeling with shock the smooth ridges of large warm scales against his skin.
# # # # # #
“I think you won’t know unless you let them try,” Steve pointed out.
Still no answer. They share a look, before Steve ducks under the counter and pads through the door. It isn’t more than a minute before he comes back, frowning.
that my weight has dropped dramatically since you insisted on putting me through a ridiculous training regimine that, may I point out, nobody else has to do!”
Steve startled, looking at Tony with wide eyes. Fury glanced between them and threw up his hands before saying to Steve with a heavy amount of wryness, “At least you didn’t tell him all your secrets on your own.”
“Burnt marshmallow scent?” Tony asked with no small amount of delight. “You made this on your own?”
He reached into the inside pocket of his suit jacket and pulled out a flat box.
Tony demanded.
“Captain Rogers, Mister Stark would like a word.”
Steve nods, his mouth set in an unhappy line. “It might just be the store, we should check the rest of the town first.”
“What do you like about this?” Steve asked curiously.
“What kind of defence is that?” Steve demanded.
“I’m ready, come on,” Tony moaned, parting his legs wide.
While Tony and Steve had been poking their noses around the Sanctum’s hall, the discussions finally wrapped up and the decision was to go to Wakanda to try to remove the Mind gem from Vision’s forehead without killing him. Then, they would attempt to destroy the Mind gem, ensuring that Thanos wouldn’t have a full set of Infinity Stones to use the Gauntlet.
Tony could probably easily rebuild other larger, helper bots, but Steve already knew he wouldn’t. Once Tony was attached, he didn’t let go easily. He even had a favorite wrench he slept with.
Tony mused.
It became a little competitive after that.
Then he remembered something and on another impulse, he leaned forward and very, very carefully and lightly touched his lips to the side of Tony’s face. He pulled back quickly, not wanting to disturb Tony overly much.
Steve said quietly, “I’m sorry you had to go through that.”
Tony sounded distracted as he continued fiddling with the joint holding two long rods together.
Let Tony lead and Steve just needed to follow.
“Wonderful,” Tony sighed. “Come lie down.” He ran a hand over the soft sheets, realizing that they were dry and smelled wonderful. Steve must have changed the sheets this morning, somehow.
“A weapon,” Tony says, his jaw clenching in anger. “You’re testing out your weapons on isolated towns so no one knows until it’s too late.”
“You guys are disturbingly domesticated and you aren’t even married yet,” Sam grumbled.
clothing — and the collar was wide enough on him to show the tantalising glimpse of collarbones and one shapely shoulder.
“It feels pretty real to me.”
There was a collective gasp that broke out across the crowd, but Steve paid that no attention at all. He was grinning when he placed his hand in Tony’s, letting Tony give him a boost up onto the stage. But Steve felt so light that he thought he could float right up without exerting any strength whatsoever. He stood there, holding Tony’s hand and staring into his dancing brown eyes.
“I’m no madman. Know my name, I am Thanos and I’m inevitable,” Thanos says, holding up a remote control.
Clint replied with a huff, “It was all they were talking about outside. They asked me about it when I was coming in and I looked like an idiot, standing there gaping at them.”
As I wrote this, I kept wondering, "Am I doing this right??" as I'm unfamiliar with the kink, but hopefully, it reads okay! :)
It was mostly classical music playing, and Steve noticed that many people started pairing off immediately, as if eager to show off their dancing skills to Tony or maybe to the other people present. Many seemed to have taken to heart Tony’s idea of making this a Courting Ceremony for everyone.
And what could Tony do in response to that except to kiss him breathless.
“Are all merpeople such quick learners like you?” Steve asked in awe, wondering how the Earth wasn’t ruled by a race of tiny merpeople yet.
Tony sighed and turned around, accepting his ill luck. “Hello, Ty. How did you sneak in here? Rhodey’s going to have your balls if he finds out you’re here.”
# # #
“I am,” Tony admitted calmly.
Giving her a laconic but satisfied smile at her first statement, Tony turned and headed for Steve and the other Omega, a prowl creeping into the swing of his hips and his footsteps.
Even Tony’s mental voice sounded unsteady, but relieved.
Before Tony could say another word, Steve walked away quickly, forcing himself not to look back.
Tony tried to wrench away. “Don’t lie to me, don’t say it just to appease—”
“What do you mean I can’t have it? It’s a dragon! I need one!”
Then out of nowhere, Tony turned around and swiped a paw over Steve’s side. Bucky wasn’t close enough to see if he had his claws sheathed or not, but he suspected the claws were all out. Steve snapped at Tony, literally, although he didn’t come near to making contact. Tony hissed sharply before stalking away. Steve growled in a grumbling way and went after him. But Tony didn’t hiss or claw him anymore, they just ambled off together.
“He stepped out to the bathroom,” Natasha said patiently. “You need to go, Tony.”
How dare he.
It was majestic.
T’Challa gestured at his ears, turning his head so Steve could see both lobes one at a time. On one side, there was an ear stud of a finely carved roaring ape, probably made of the famous Jabari wood Steve had heard about. On the other side was a gleaming green stud, a painted knot that Steve thought he had seen on Nakia before. Now that he was standing so close to T’Challa, he could smell the waft of M’Baku’s earthy scent, the smell of cold fresh snow, intertwined with Nakia’s fiery scent of waiting ambers buried in ash. They were coming from the earrings.
“Hmm, you really are bad at this.”
“No, I mean, fuck me with something. Use something and fuck me with it, move me around and hold me,” Tony groaned out, his cheeks flushed again but his hips moved with his words, more aroused now at whatever he was imagining.
Letting out an exaggerated shudder, Tony agreed, “I’m very glad about that too.” Then he looked at Steve with a smirk. “Especially since my current prospects are so much better now.”
It was why Tony seemed to be pouring out all his previously unrealized pet-owning-urges on a near indestructible dragon. And to be fair, she did seem like the perfect companion for Tony. She could hang out in his workshop without any fear of being injured by his machines or work. Steve had watched as DUM-E ran over her tail and all she had done was chase after DUM-E. She had seemed to take it as a game and the ridges on her tail were clearly uninjured.
Great, yet another one of those unhinged people who were blaming Tony for some obscure reason.
, and it was taking over him, overwhelming him.
“And how much is that?” Steve insisted.
For some reason, that made Steve frown. He said, with unshakeable surety, “I could recognize you anywhere even if I had no enhanced senses.”
“I thought it was unlikely for me to wind up with a true match at this point in my life,” Tony said, still looking at him straight on.
They looked radiant. No one could take their eyes off them, admiring how well they fit together. Their black tuxedoes were perfectly tailored to complement their frames, collars of their white shirts open to show their matching wedding necklaces around their necks and over their scent glands. Blonde hair brushed against short dark hair as they held each other close in a slow waltz, clearly having eyes only for each other.
Thor lays Mjolnir on top of the unconscious Thanos and smiles. “Enjoy your vacation, my friends.”
With the mussed hair and the little squint Tony was directing at the television, Steve found Tony unbearably attractive and adorable.
want me to court you? Because if you don’t want me to…”
Tony frowned. “Why? I never had to wear clothes before. Although it’s interesting to have a penis hanging outside instead of protected within my scales.”
Letting out a huff of laugh, Steve did as he was told. Tony was all of eight inches high and he was still telling people what to do. The head of Steve’s cock was wet with pre-come, the tip flushed from arousal after that spectacular scene.
Steve blinked and tipped the water in the plastic bag into the glass. The glass filled up quickly but when he straightened the plastic bag, the water level didn’t look like it had dipped at all. And at the bottom, remained the five pearls.
When Steve opened the box, he grinned down at the contents. Despite Rhodey’s complaints, he crowded in with the others to peer at what Steve got.
It was what prompted Tony to mumble into the pillow, “And I’m yours.”
But he was running out of time. The guy with the electrical whips was just about to round the pillar and Tony’s armor was still unfolding across his torso.
Pursing his lips, Tony looked up at him from beneath his lashes, as if gauging whether he should continue. When Steve just looked at him pointedly, Tony relented.
Maybe it was just a Tony and Steve thing, as Rhodes had said. They were always going to be weird when they were together, because they were really weird about each other.
M’Baku waved a hand languorously and his attendants brought out a lush, deep gold fur rug with dark spots running through it. “Our people have a way of obtaining fur with no harm to the animals. This will bring out the depths of your eyes beautifully.”
“It’s not just you. It’s definitely really weird,” Bruce said, staring at them. “I’ve seen Tony get more worked up over a misplaced screwdriver than he has been over being turned into a cat.”
Thor leaned in. “It was explained to me that this is a ritual to earn your favor. I have always thought we would be most compatible in carnal matters.”
It was absurd and self-centered, but the idea that any part of this was indirectly a result of Tony thinking that Steve should experience an extravagant Courting Ceremony warmed Steve to the core.
Maybe it was being surrounded by people ogling Tony’s bare arms or the fact that every inch of the place was covered in glitz and glamor. But something about the whole affair shook Steve out of his daze over Tony’s outfit. Instead, looking around at the crowded arena, he felt sad and more than a little out of place. A Courting Ceremony should be a joyous, exciting affair. It should be a celebration, an invitation to interested parties. But this whole ceremony was so loud and in your face that it was as clear as day to Steve that Tony wasn’t taking any of it seriously. This wasn’t a side of Tony he saw on a regular basis anymore. This was the Tony he saw on television, at media circuits, with his false smiles and ostentatious entrances.
There were loud murmurs coming from the audience, shock at Captain America’s sudden appearance among the long line of suitors. Clearly a lot of people hadn’t been checking the news coverage on the event, Tony included, which would explain his wide-eyed surprise. Steve stared haplessly at Tony, knowing he was making this moment awkward but found himself so tongue-tied that he couldn’t even answer.
“Here is the range of latest technology from my company and—”
His mind whirled, spinning as he tried to take in that thought even as his brain seemed to continuously refuse to properly translate what Tony had said.
“I have all these stocks in several companies—”
Sitting on a red velvet cushion was a matching pair of bracelets, each consisting of three strings of platinum chain twined with silver fabric, with blue sapphires winking up from the chains.
“I wonder if they’re going to have darts,” Clint said, eyes lit up.
Steve stifled a laugh, knowing that if he laughed, it would just encourage Tony to wax poetic about his gorgeous gigantic cock. Obeying the order, Steve used his gloved hand to spread his copious precome around and slicked his cock up with it. He groaned at the feeling of the soft leather glove and his bare fingers against his erection, felt beads of precome leak out when he imagined it was Tony clenched tight around his cock. Steve squeezed and stroked, with Tony on his other hand, upclose and personal with Steve’s cock. He could feel his building excitement, knew he wouldn’t last long after the arousing show combined with that implicit statement of total trust from Tony.
Slowly, bit by bit, Steve slid down the wall, his legs no longer able to hold him up even with the support. He collapsed with his back against the wall and Tony moved up to straddle his thighs, hand still squeezing around his knot.
Maybe Steve could start claiming that people from the 40s kissed as a sign of greeting
Happy leaned over Tony’s shoulder and whispered something into his ear. That seemed to cause Tony to snap out of his trance because he straightened and cleared his throat. He seemed to be blinking rapidly as he licked his lips in an unusual display of nerves.
Then Steve remembered what was next in the box and froze. Tony paused as he peered into the box, before he lifted the last items with a sort of reverence that was better suited for a Rembrandt.
The Mind stone had been safely removed from Vision without destroying him, and Wanda had in turn destroyed the Mind stone. When Thanos made his grand entrance on the Wakandan battlefield, Doctor Strange opened up a portal right over Thanos’ head and dropped Steve and Tony onto his head. Apparently, even the Mad Titan wasn’t ready for a tornado of a hissing, screeching cat encased in an Iron Man armor and a superpowered dog that took a chomp out of Thanos’ behind, much to everyone’s surprise.
“Let me show you,” Tony said, deciding he couldn’t wait a moment longer anymore.
On one such day, Steve finally decided to tackle some paperwork which he had procrastinated on for weeks now. It was tedious and boring work, but the bright sunlight shining through the wide windows by his desk warmed him, and he fell into a steady dull rhythm.
“Undercover work?” Steve echoed, a little confused.
Bucky’s curiosity got the better of him, and he peeked around the door to see Steve giving Tony a significant look. At that, Tony only said, “Uggghhhh…” and gave Steve a significant look in return. Bucky had no idea what either looks meant, but apparently the message was received because they went back to passionately kissing.
“Captain America, who do you hope will win Tony Stark’s favor?”
But all of that was reliant on Tony’s large brain and his keen observations. He could look at something in a glance and figure out what was lacking, what was needed, what could make things better.
Before Steve could say anything, Doctor Strange turned to the tablet Steve was holding, looking at the screen. He addressed Bucky directly, “You’re still in Wakanda, yes? Please tell T’Challa that Wakanda’s help will be needed as well. This is no time for us to be disunited. We’ll need everyone we can muster to save the Earth, possibly to save the entire universe.”
you can customize the scents you want to better suit the person you’re courting.”
“Yes, right, I’ll just...go,” Steve said in a bit of a daze. Then he blurted out, “I thought I saw in the news that you were going to be at the Grand Prix?”
“Why can’t you just ask the guy out like every other normal Alpha?” Sam grumbled.
Steve wondered if his asthma was back with how it felt like the air had been sucked right out of his lungs.
Looking down at his almost empty plate, Bucky popped the last of his french toast into his mouth and shrugged unrepentantly. “You snooze, you lose.”
T’Challa’s cat mask tilted at Steve, his dark eyes watchful behind the cut-out eyeholes.
He imagined...an empty life, devoid of Tony’s snarky comments and bright smile and endless enthusiasm and shining brilliance.
“I wanted to be sure,” Tony said out of nowhere.
“Oh thank god, Steve! I wasn’t sure where I was,” Tony said in a voice that sounded like him only at a much softer volume and slightly higher pitched for some reason.
They must have broken so many speeding laws. Time seemed fractured, jumbled up. Suddenly, Tony was looking out at the buildings speeding by. Suddenly, Tony was in the basement, watching as his car door opened and Steve held out a hand to him. Suddenly, Tony took a deep breath and realized they were safe, safe, safe and…
It was good Steve still had his mask on because his wide, almost manic grin might have scared off a few people.
And Tony couldn’t get enough of it.
Steve smiled helplessly at the terrible pun. “That’s awful.”
Looping an arm around Steve’s waist, Tony said to the audience, “In case you’ve been living under a rock, I just want to be very clear that I’m choosing Steve Rogers, AKA Captain America. Thank you for coming to my Courting Ceremony and for bearing witness to the start of our courtship.” He flung out his free hand, making a V with his index and middle finger.
Then, Tony spoke up, “They’re worried about the two massive power surges they detected here. They probably rushed over expecting to find this little seaside town nothing but a smoking crater, with your holiday home at the center of the blast radius.”
“I see the superserum enhanced your sense of smell as well. And I thought we agreed you would call me T’Challa.”
He held it out for Tony’s inspection, and watched as Tony nodded frantically with desire.
Surely he wasn’t reading too much into this?
# # #
“It’s so early,” Tony moaned, splashing up to his side before leaning his head on Steve’s shoulder.
Then Tony examined Steve’s flushed face.
But what if Steve got lingerie for himself? Something lacy, in red and gold colours. Maybe it would be bold enough to catch Tony’s attention?
It was like thoughts of M’Baku summoned another familiar Wakandan figure.
“We didn’t say anything,” Steve said quickly.
Tilting his head to the side, Tony bared his throat to Steve. It was instinct and, at the same time, it was the culmination of several months of planning.
“ㅡless able than the rest of the team, yes I know.”
They had developed a routine now, with Tony and Steve working at the desk in the afternoons, with the bots wheeling around the desk carrying out Tony’s orders. Steve would usually take some time to draw all of them, and sometimes he would just gaze upon the little tableau with a fond smile.
“Things haven’t changed that much, Tony,” Steve said with an exasperated smile.
Tony groaned and thrust again, before shuffling back a little to lean against Steve’s slightly curved palm. He started stripping hurriedly, not even bothering to stand up to do it. Steve helped, feeling a little like an overgrown, clumsy giant as he lightly pinched tiny fabric between his fingers to pull them away as Tony wriggled out of them. Gripping the hem of Tony’s jeans, he helped pull them off as Tony raised his hips off Steve’s palm and gave Steve a provocative look. And of course, with the pants discarded, Tony was completely nude because he had been going commando. Stretched out completely naked on Steve’s hand, a pale contrast against the dark brown of Steve’s leather glove, it was even clearer that the situation was really turning Tony on. His cock, that looked very tiny but was proportional to the rest of his body, was hard and leaking. He arched his back and stretched his arms up, shamelessly on display for Steve.
He looks up at Steve and finds the exact same suspicion mirrored on his face.
When his friends found him, they told him that the mud wrestling was still happening outside and that things were getting more exciting now that M’Baku had been taken out of the fight by T’Challa, which meant a more even playing field for the remaining participants. There was a free square where Suitors — those who were courting Tony or trying to attract the interest of anyone else — were demonstrating any special skill they had to the people watching.
“I think I know more about you than any ten minute interview could ever reveal, don’t you think, Captain?” F.R.I.D.A.Y. pointed out.
Steve ignored that interjection. “Fourth, just pals being pals? What the hell did you think we got up to back in the forties? You know we had sex too, right? And I don’t believe that you didn’t get F.R.I.D.A.Y. to do some research the moment you got off stage if that’s what you were really thinking.”
“Why do you know about Dollar Tree?” Sam asked, sounding amazed. “Steve doesn’t know about Dollar Tree and you were like a Winter Robot for years.”
“I’m sorry, I know I didn’t just hear Tony Stark say
Suddenly, he realized that dancing with Tony was actually...easy. It wasn’t stiff, awkward and daunting, all his usual descriptions that he applied to dancing. It was like having Tony here with him made dancing easy, because that was how things were like with Tony sometimes. They fought, they clashed, they had to work through so many issues. But then sometimes, they just clicked into place, on the battlefield, in a conversation, and now, on a dancefloor. They synced up totally, and it was like they just intuitively knew how the other person was going to move.
And waited.
Blinking, Tony asked uncertainly, “And you’re interested?”
So that was what the blue machine was for. It was pretty clever of Tony to get one.
No one.
Then he was out the door as well, Bucky turning to follow.
“So you threw a huge Courting Ceremony that’s so big, you had to host it at Flushing Meadows, just so I can experience one from the sidelines, without any pressure?” Steve said in near disbelief.
Steve shook himself out of his daze and stepped towards the kitchen to put his leaking glass in the sink. “I know that, Sam. I’m not that out of touch.”
“Why do you keep asking these kind of questions?” Steve cried out in frustration.
To Steve’s disappointment, Tony released their clasped hands before he flopped down onto the couch, immediately unbuttoning his suit jacket. Steve chose to sit right next to Tony despite the ample space on the couch. To his relief, Tony didn’t wince or move away, simply shrugged off his jacket and threw it over the back of the couch. He turned to face Steve, right leg tucked up underneath him.
Tony shook his head and smiled. “Oh, Steve… You were just talking to Kenny. You were just standing there and talking to him, that’s all you did.”
One handed, Steve managed to squirt out some lube and coated the end of the pen with it. Tony watched the proceedings with heavy breathing, still on his front as he reached back and started to finger at himself with saliva-wet fingers. Even in his tiny form, the sight of Tony opening himself up with his own fingers was painfully arousing. Within seconds, Tony was riding three of his own fingers, groaning with heartfelt pleasure. Steve had been semi-hard in his pants ever since he watched Tony’s body writhe on his palm but now, his erection was almost painful.
Bucky and Sam drew back slowly, their passionate, biting kiss had turned soft and lingering. If Tony hadn’t interrupted them now, they might have started making out right at the table. It was worse than being around a couple of hormonal teenagers.
“Uh, M’Baku. Hi. Nice to see you again,” Tony said, unlike his usual suave self.
Bucky turned around with a grin on his face, probably ready to drop a terrible joke on Steve, and did a double take instead. “Hey, you okay? You’re all pale and shit.”
“Alright, let’s go then,” Tony said, covering his mouth when he broke into another yawn.
. You have no shield, no armor, you’re—”
Tony’s flush deepened and he coughed, looking away momentarily. But he didn’t pull his hand away, he didn’t seem at all opposed to the move. The sad look in his eyes had faded a little as well, replaced by mild bewilderment and surprise, like he still couldn’t believe it. Finally, Tony looked at Steve and cleared his throat.
Tony looped an arm around Steve’s neck and pulled him down to rub their cheeks together. “Aww, don’t be upset. I thought you sounded very, very adorable. I’m flattered you remembered all those things I like. But putting them into scents...”
# # #
Tony waved his little fists up at Steve. “We’ll get him to change me back first, and then I’ll kill him with my
Natasha says in warning, “SHIELD will be arriving in ten minutes.”
The town is empty.
The fight is over in seconds.
Steve smiled. “It was my pleasure.”
Tony raised a hand, looking sincere when he said, “Hey, that’s not the important part here. This isn’t a competition for most expensive goods.” He winced a little at that, as if aware that most of the gifts were pretty ostentatious and splashy, belying his claim.
It was the bravest, most stupid thing Steve had ever done and he wasn’t sure he would do it any other way even if he was given a chance to choose again, even as he sat there, staring at Tony and braced for anything. He was here to court Tony and he wanted to do this right, even if it might end in public humiliation, no matter how gently Tony let him down.
Tony said calmly, even as his free hand tapped the disc on his chest.
Tony could feel Steve practically vibrating with anger beside him. Having heard similar things and worse before from the likes of Ty, Tony rolled his eyes and sighed. “I’ll hold a Courting Ceremony if I want to, Ty. Much as you wish otherwise, you don’t get a say on what I do. And for all your big talk now, I remember you gate-crashing and climbing onto stage to beg for my hand. Are you having trouble keeping your company afloat? Big strong Alpha like you run your father’s company into the ground and now you need my fortune to save it?”
“AC/DC,” Sam said with approval.
Tony cried out at the stimulation, leaked even more around Steve’s tongue. God, he was so wet, Steve’s mouth and cheeks had to be drenched with his slick. The thought of it made Tony wetter, made him squirm with embarrassment even as Steve kissed and sucked at his hole, made a meandering path down so he could lick around his cock as well. He suckled sweetly at the head of Tony’s erection, which resulted in Tony shivering and pushing downwards, unable to help himself.
