"I'm not either, to be entirely honest. Let's just have dinner and then we'll sort it through." Sherlock brushes his fingers over John's hand as he turns away, but doesn't take it. It's much more heartbreaking than it should be.
Sherlock can't stop the grin that lights across his face, the shiver from John's hands on him. "You're awfully seductive for a virgin, you know that?"
He’d not been able to get a gun yet. Malvo hadn’t given him one, and getting one legally was impossible. He felt lost now without the Sig at the end of his arm. Fists would only get him so far. Shit shit shit.
If he's going to shake off those spectres, and convince Jim, he's got to become that person again. Go back to that dark place, all numbed hot veins, blackouts, wet tile floors and sleeping in tube stations. Desperation. Fear.
He can barely breathe. It's like someone just hit him in the chest. He swallows and swallows and tries to get air.
“Ah, I’m shit, but thanks. The Keeper before me was bloody brilliant. She was Oliver Wood’s daughter, and she was probably better than her dad ever was, which is saying a lot.”
"By what you went through last night, with barely a word of complaint. By the fact that after a year on heroin, you just...gave it up. In a few days. Do you have any idea how
John bites into his lip hard, chews the dark thoughts away. Chews until he picks off a healing scab and tastes blood. Relief courses through him.
.” John puts his teeth into his lip and bangs his head back on the mattress, but he forgets he’s actually crooked and horizontal across the bed, and so his head half hits the wall again, but it’s fine. He slides his hands down Sherlock’s waist and settles them on his hips, where they fit so naturally it’s as if they were shaped to belong just there, all the time. “Are you sure? We don’t have to, I won’t be disappointed or anything if we don’t. I can come just from your, um, hand. Or, even just, rubbing. Against your hip. Or wherever. I'm not fussy."
“But you feel uncomfortable about it.” Sherlock’s voice is tired too, and hesitant. It’s been weeks since their big discussion, and they’ve somewhat fallen back into old patterns of communication. John has been journaling, as Sherlock suggested, and they've talked some, but nothing close to that first soul baring conversation. They also haven’t done anything sexually that’s out of their normal habits, until tonight.
John finally rolls his eyes and huffs, throws a backward glance at the bartender. He holds his index finger up to Sherlock. “One minute.”
“Yeah, well, playing rugby four nights a week will do that.” John tilted his head and smiled down at Sherlock. “You sure you don’t want me to - um - clean up a bit?”
There was a soft knock at the door, and then a nurse swept in, all smiling efficiency. She was young, with a messy brown ponytail and friendly eyes. She smiled at Sherlock when their eyes met, and then stepped in between the bed and the wall.
it to take all afternoon, if that's what we want.  I just want to be able to experience it, not just - do it. That's all I meant. It's - it's - significant."
"No, please. I don't want you to have to go to bed before you're ready. I'll just go upstairs and do some reading." Sherlock plucks a book from a stack on the floor next to his chair and disappears up the steps to John's old room before John can object.
"Yeah," Sherlock pants, his voice breathy and much higher than John's ever heard it, shifting his hips against John's, his cock hard and hot between them.
John’s smile is tranquil, the frantic movement of his eyelids slowing. “Mkay,” so quietly that Sherlock barely hears him.
. And it makes you even more you." Sherlock knew that made no sense to John, but it had just clicked in his drowsy mind. That's what it was about the beard. It amplified John. Made all of his natural flirtatiousness, slight goofiness, that easy self assured masculinity he possessed in spades...took those and made them more. He didn't know how or why, but it did.
They tumble into bed, not actually in the mood to do any of the things they'd talked about trying. Just seeking closeness, and connection. The clothes come off perfunctorily, no long seductive teases, just pulling off shirts and unbuckling belts as quickly as possible. John wraps his arms around Sherlock’s waist and pulls him down, rolling to their sides to face each other, running their fingers all over each other's faces, kissing messily, biting at each other's tongues. John hooks his leg high over Sherlock's hip and sucks Sherlock's index and middle fingers into his mouth long enough to thoroughly wet them.
The man startled a little, and John turned to him, a slow crooked smile crinkling the right side of his face. “Lorne. Got a last name?”
John sucks his teeth and stares daggers at Mycroft. "Fine. Yeah, so, it was courier shit, at first. Or, that's what he said initially. Then it got more - it became fairly clear I was going to be taking people out."
"Yeah, baby, yeah." John breathed out, tugging gently at Sherlock's curls. "I'll feel like an arse, but if you want it, you know I'll do it. Got me wrapped round that finger, after all."
“I’m not apologising. It’s simply a fact. You said it yourself, back in Bemidji - you were my protector, you were my partner, and I took that away from you without even giving you a say. I was wrong to have left you in the dark when I left England. I should have told you. I should have taken you with me. It was - a severe miscalculation on my part. And it resulted in, well, everything that we’re dealing with right now. Malvo, you…” Sherlock stops, looks away from John and lifts his drink to his lips again.
The case was rather easily solved, the guilty party swiftly arrested once I revealed the evidence to the local constable, and I was quite eager to return to Watson by the third day. My mother, however, was loathe to let me leave without a proper visit, and I spent another thirty six excruciating hours being plied with overly sweet puddings and stories of relatives I’d not laid eyes on since the age of eighteen.
Sherlock hated -- loathed -- for John to feel sad. He felt it was his personal responsibility to keep John happy, particularly because he was virtually certain it was entirely his fault that they'd spent so many years misunderstanding each other.
“No.” Relief floods through him as he says it, realising it’s true. He’s got a little more time, a little more of this before he reenters hell.
He’s got his hand on the door handle to pull it open when it swings out and nearly bashes him full in the face. He jerks his head back just in time.
“Well, someone could just break it.” John’s looking at him dubiously, torch in one hand, in the other, all the money they have, minus £300 John’s pocketed.
Greg clears his throat, “They’re not going to be any good today. Just. Let them have their - just let them alone, alright? It’s been five years coming, Sally. Give them a few hours.”
, a word which before this morning already reminded him of John - John’s horrible blog and bad poetry and the way he always burns the toast in the mornings, endearing and a bit of a mess - but now. Now that word will mean
“A mystery you can’t solve? You really are off your game.” John grins and takes the pipe from him, places it gently on the side table. “Well, we’ll have to grapple with that particular mystery tomorrow, because it’s time for you to get some sleep. Come on, then.”
John laughs, because of course Sherlock wouldn’t even understand that he’s his best friend. Only Sherlock would be surprised by that after they’ve had their hands and mouths all over each other, after John’s said he loves him. After John’s said he’s leaving his girlfriend, because he’d leave anyone or anything for Sherlock, he’d give up his life for Sherlock - has agreed to, more than once - and Sherlock still doesn’t know they’re best friends.
"Thanks, sweetheart." The first endearment that's slipped from his lips in over a week. The first little joke between them. It feels familiar, and right, and Sherlock's smile doesn't falter. The ball of anxiety that's been a constant in John's stomach all week unravels a bit more.
“So, this Molly Solverson. She’s smart, and she knows you’re not telling her the truth. She’s not gonna let this go, Lester. You know that. You’ve really fucked it up here.” John sipped his coffee. Lester knew how to make a good cup of coffee, at least. He drank it black with two sugars now. It was comforting somehow, to drink Sherlock’s coffee.
Shit. He laughed ruefully, staring out across an endless field of frozen white, sparkling in the wan sunlight. He was in this god awful place, with people who barely qualified as such, freezing fucking cold all the time, and now Mycroft. Mycroft looking over his shoulder. He’d probably be texting him every day.
Sherlock spreads his thighs, curls up, and slides his slicked hand over his bollocks and around. His eyes fall shut as he presses a finger against himself.
“Jesus, are you alright?” Sherlock pants, holding on to John’s thighs so tightly he must be leaving bruises.
"I believe we're due for a renegotiation, then." Sherlock paused, and John felt his chest expand as he took a deep inhalation. "Are you still happy with me, with us?"
“No,” I managed to choke out, through the full body shudders that were now wracking me. I was absolutely alight with sensation, every square centimetre of my skin tingling, the tight heat between my legs nearly unbearable. My cock was leaking copiously, beads of pre-ejaculate running down my length, wetting the insides of my thighs, and my abdomen was shakingly tight, but I couldn’t come from this alone, which John well knew.
Sherlock stretched his legs out towards the fire, and leaned his head farther back into John's touch. He was pleasantly tipsy, drowsy and cosy, limbs heavy. "What shall we do tomorrow, husband?"
He stays conscious just long enough to see Sherlock’s long form launching past him, and to hear the distant wail of a siren. Then he lets go, allows himself to drift into the dark.
Sherlock pushed himself back and put three fingers over John’s mouth. John looked at him imploringly, tears still flowing silently down his face. Sherlock breathed in, willing himself to be the strong one for them both. John always was, had always been. The soldier, the stalwart presence with a cuppa in one hand and a Sig in the other. It was dawning on Sherlock now that John was truly unstable, swinging wildly between desperation and joy, anger and sadness. John need him to be the dependable one. A role he was sorely unaccustomed to filling.
“Shhh. Yes you do. Yes you do.” John’s kissing the side of his face, his voice uneven, catching on his words.
Sherlock's head falls back with a low moan, wanting more than anything else to have this, this closeness, forever. John's warm skin against his, John's voice husky against his throat, John's cerulean eyes searching his face. It's so simple, so beautifully uncomplicated. He wants to be able to forget about the rest of the world, all things that could go wrong, that could fracture this fragile happiness. Sherlock cups his hand around John's jaw, cataloguing the movement of his muscles as he's kissing Sherlock's collarbone. "We can't, not without --"
I nodded, and immediately John was pressing a fingertip against that most sensitive and private part of my body. Pleasure ribboned through me and my back arched involuntarily, head dropping back between my shoulders. I stared up at the ceiling and panted, going weak-limbed as John’s finger breached me.
“Probably not,” Sherlock allows, dragging his hands over his face and rubbing at his neck. “But on three hours sleep, almost anything is.”
"I fucking - love you - so fucking much - " John's teeth scrape down over Sherlock's jaw, against his Adam's apple, as he turns them around and walks Sherlock up against the door. "You goddamned bloody arsehole - how could you put yourself in danger like that? Without me? How could you
Before he can stutter out what he wants, John surges up and puts his mouth over the head of Sherlock’s cock, wraps two fingers around him and
brown hair.”  Sherlock’s eyes narrowed and he bounced up into his Thinking Position in his chair, crouched with his elbows on his knees and his fingers tented under his nose.
He must be asleep, for certainly he would have spoken to me by now if he was not. I crept closer, not wishing to wake him yet, for his face in slumber was one of the loveliest things I had ever laid eyes upon, and I’d not had the privilege of seeing it in five long days. As I rounded the side of this behemoth of a chair, he stirred slightly and his head lolled to the side. Yes, he was deeply asleep, still in his day clothes. He must have been this way the night before.
“Oh, Christ, Sherlock.” John scratched at Sherlock’s scalp and sighed, letting his head fall back against the pillow. “You’re so - dirty, gorgeously, fucking perfectly dirty.”
Their hands entwined, pinned against sweaty sheets. Sherlock’s sticky body pressed languidly against his back.
"My old room." John put the towel aside, his eyes fixed on Sherlock's hands working the button through the buttonhole.
“Looking for company?” Sherlock slumps on the bench next to him. There’s a hand almost immediately on his thigh.
Something deliciously primal and dark stirred in John, watching the maroon stream over Sherlock’s pearly white skin. The room shifted, everything less solid than it had been a moment ago. He shivered, an emotion much deeper than simple arousal running rampant through him. He’d known he wanted this too, but he hadn’t known how damned much, until this very moment. He needed this as much as Sherlock. A fierce possessiveness wound through him, the instinct to claim and mark. Sherlock was his, body and soul.
“Oi! Leave him be!” John’s red faced, wriggling wildly, trying to get free. But he’s two heads shorter and about half the weight of Jim’s lackey, and there’s just no way. The goon just stands there, silent and stone faced, like he’s holding a small child.
At five am, he had awoken with a start, his body weak and exhausted, but his mind clearer than it had been in months. John was asleep, turned toward Sherlock with his mouth against his shoulder and his fingers curled loosely against Sherlock's waist. He was dreaming, eyes moving frenetically beneath their lids, blonde lashes fluttering. Sherlock watched him, the small purse of his red mouth, the way his nostrils flared infinitesimally when he inhaled, the rise and fall of his collarbones as he breathed. Mesmerised, Sherlock stayed awake, taking in every curve and rise of John's face, every pore, every short blonde hair along his square jaw. Sherlock's eyes fixed on John's as they opened, blinking sleepily.
Sherlock’s body with his every breath for god knows how long - Sherlock's lost any sense of time passing - and Sherlock’s just lain here, the whole time, and let John touch him and suck him and drive him
Sherlock crawls back on top of him, straddles one thigh and rocks himself down against it, a sharp shudder of arousal wracking him as he falls forward and their mouths meet again. “You,” he husks out against John’s lips, “Just you."
“Happy anniversary, old man.” He pulls Sherlock closer, tighter, because maybe there was a moment, maybe more, when this almost slipped away from them, and that’s unimaginable. He strokes his hand up and down Sherlock’s flank, the curve of his hip, the rise of his ribcage. “I love you.”
John drunk always gave Sherlock a deep understanding of where the nickname Three Continents Watson came from. He was devastatingly flirtatious; a lip biting, arse wiggling, eyelash batting menace, brimming over with sexual energy. He could barely keep his hands to himself normally - drunk, it was impossible. Sherlock knew when he was single, he would sleep with virtually anyone within arm's length. And no one within arm's length would have even considered turning him down.
“Oh, god, John - I - ” Sherlock’s whole body shakes, his blood thudding through his veins so hard he can feel his pulse in his temples. He can’t take much more of this. His body is crying out for more - the instinctive want to be filled, to be fucked is becoming unbearable. He needs John
“No. I’m not. Really, do you think I’d be that boring?” Sherlock sat on the edge of the hospital bed, his back to John, staring out the window into a blackening sky. Headlamps in the hospital parking lot swung back and forth, intersecting. They reminded Sherlock of torch beams, his and John’s footfalls pounding in dark cobblestone alleyways. He swallowed. “No, I was going to say, that’s true. You always thought of yourself as a hero, the bearer of some kind of moral standard that you could fail at upholding. You aren’t a hero, John. You’re not infallible, and you’re not morally incorruptible. You’re just a man. A good man, who’d done some dark things. You’re no different than you were before. You just
John hadn’t been able to help himself, moving across the room as if being pulled, until he was kneeling beside the sofa and gently brushing Sherlock’s fringe out of his eyes. Charcoal lashes had fluttered open, and those beautiful eyes had looked up at him sweet and drowsy.
It wouldn’t be today, though. John nodded curtly, sucking on his teeth. “Right. You’re here. And I’m sick of these sodding things. This is the end.”
"Oh, don't be wounded, love. You know I don't keep up with Dad's family. It's just too...I don't know. I don't want to have it out with anyone about Dad, and that seems inevitable if we socialise enough. I don't know why I didn't tell you about going up to the Highlands when I was a kid, except I just hadn't gotten round to it yet, I guess. If I could hardwire your brain to mine so you could know every single thing about me, I would. I promise.I know how it haunts you." John turned and looked at Sherlock, an amused grin twitching at the edge of his mouth.
"When are we not anxious, Sherlock? Never a dull moment for us, eh?" He knows how weak it sounds, but his mouth can't form the right words. He actually is starting to feel like he can't physically breathe. Like his ribs are constricting the expansion of his lungs, digging into them sharply.
John pulls back, kissing at Sherlock’s chin, at his bottom lip, and takes both his hands from where they’ve practically melded to the counter. “Come on.”
John can feel the wetness on Sherlock's pants against his cock, and he wants more than anything - anything - to tell Sherlock
Jim goes deadly still. He doesn't blink. Those flat brown-black eyes stare unwaveringly into Sherlock's verdigris ones.
. His skull seems to have shrunken to half it’s normal size, constricting his brain and his throat and his eyes. He fumbles blindly at the sheets, trying to find the call button for the nurse. The sheets feel rough and foreign, and he doesn’t know where Sherlock is, or how he got here, and there’s suddenly an embarrassing prickle behind his aching eyes.
. I love you,” John buried his face in Sherlock’s neck, rocked, thrust harder; then he was trembling and panting, breath rapid and shallow.
Sherlock just nods, knowing his face is absolutely glowing with the ridiculous grin that’s making his cheeks tingle.
Quaking with aftershocks, sobbing with the force of the climax that had just thundered through me, I leaned into John with all my weight. And he held me, his small frame more than capable of supporting my much larger one. Still buried within me, his own peak not yet reached, he kissed my neck, my shoulder, nuzzled at my hairline.
Another conversation with Sherlock came crashing through his subconscious, the pain of Sherlock’s voice so real, it felt like an aneurysm bursting in his brain.
“John. Where’s the lamp?” Sherlock says uneasily. His tongue feels dry, pinned to the roof of his mouth.
He was tempted. For just one black, frightening moment, but no. He could never talk about Sherlock with anyone, not even Greg. Not even Mrs Hudson. Sherlock was his. His guilt to carry, his failure, all the unspoken words and missed opportunities that had burned through the man who’d been John Watson and left this carcass in his place.
A few weeks previous, John would have been expected to be furious with Sherlock over being late, a transgression not allowed in the dynamic they'd established. Sherlock would have been corrected, most probably with a spanking that left him hard and wanting, crying for John to let him come, and sent to their room with orders not to touch himself. John would have eventually relented, spooning him tightly and wrapping his hand loose around Sherlock’s cock the way he liked it; kissed him afterwards, with whispered apologies that Sherlock would brush off.
He’s quiet for a moment. There’s a cacophony around them, rats beginning to squeak and scurry in the dusky light, the children yelling at each other, the thwack and ping of the pipes hitting cricket balls, a dog barking in the distance. It’s all muted, the world turned down to it’s lowest volume by John Watson’s eyes on his.
- get these damned boxers off," Sherlock pushes and tugs and John lifts his hips so Sherlock can push them all the way down, and the while they're still hanging off his left ankle, Sherlock's hand slips between them, flat against John's belly. He circles his fingertips through the curls of coarse brown hair, questioning. "I want to touch you."
"Will you stay with me?" Sherlock's voice is small as he pulls his shirt off over his wrists, unbuttons his trousers.
Sherlock allowed himself to drift, though he wasn’t really asleep, cradled in the warmth of their bodies tangled together under the sheets, in the smell of John’s sweat as he slumbered. He tried not to think about the things left unsaid, the tension that had been between them lately. John’s arm was around him and John’s heart was beating steady against his ear, and right now, that felt like enough.
He fiddled with Sherlock’s watch, as had become his habit whenever he was feeling particularly tense. His fingers slid up his arm, to the ragged lines of fresh cuts from the night before. He couldn’t fuck anyone, he couldn’t beat anyone. Bemidji was like an episode of fucking Leave it to Beaver, and John was going crazy here. The pressure inside him had been building like a grenade with the pin taken out.
Sherlock shakes his head, grateful and gobsmacked. She lets go of his hand and the three of them finish eating in companionable silence, broken only by the occasional slurping of broth or clink of a teacup into a saucer. By the time they're done, the sky has broken open and a cold drizzle is pattering against the window panes. Mrs Hudson gets up to gather the dishes, John flicks on a table lamp, casting a warm glow over a third of the sitting room. The whole scene is surreal to Sherlock. It says
“Sorry, sorry.” He withdrew immediately, conditioned to submit the moment anyone showed real distain. The old John would have pitied him, offered him a cuppa, tried to help.
He peels off his slightly damp, dirty jeans, and climbs into bed in a tee shirt and boxers. Alchemy immediately runs up his arm and tucks into his neck, sniffing and pawing at him.
That should never have come out of his mouth. "I'm sorry, that's - I shouldn't have said that. That was a weird thing to say -- you, you didn't like that. Sometimes I say things, and I don't..."
There was something between them in this moment, a tenderness and a closeness they’d never permitted before. Guards were down, they were tired and broken and they’d both been so alone. John didn’t want to fight. He didn’t want to have the inevitable conversation about what had happened, where the fuck Sherlock had been all this time. They would have to have that conversation another day. He was too exhausted right now, too grateful.
“John, please.” Sherlock nudges his face against the back of John’s neck, lips dragging against the short soft hairs along his hairline.
But it’s work, isn’t it, love? It’s still work, even though I’m completely mad about you. And we’re difficult. Both of us.
A memory flashes in Sherlock's mind of one of their last good nights together, playing video games on Jim's brand new Playstation 4, a pizza precariously balanced between them on the sunken sofa in Jim's living room. It was some fighting game that relied heavily on anticipating the opponent's next move, and they kept breaking even, their intelligence and puzzle-solving skills equally matched. They had finally turned it off at four in the morning, sore and cramped from sitting for so long. They stretched and yawned, Sherlock leaning into Jim's chest with a promising grin. Jim turned on Sherlock with eyes full of fire, knocked the pizza box to the floor and bent Sherlock backwards over the sofa, left bruises all over his neck and his hips.
, thanks for the reminder, yeah definitely don’t want to hang out twice in a weekend, that would just be weird. I’ll just piss off back to Gryffindor Tower, then…”
“So you’re agreeing with me.” John grins and rubs his hand down over Sherlock’s ribs, teasing at the waistband of his pyjamas.
Harry spent all night with them, talking in soft private whispers with John, holding his hand when he let her, brushing his hair back tenderly from his forehead. John jerked away from her sometimes, got angry, brow furrowed and tense, his voice lowered into a harsh whisper. Harry's voice occasionally rose, got strident and strained, she petted at John's hands and called him Johnny, tears shining in her eyes. Sherlock sat, arms crossed, in a chair at the foot of the bed, unable and unwilling to sleep, seeing John's wary happiness at Harry's presence. Felt protective, possessive, watching John's storm blue eyes filling with tears even as he smiled, how his lips quivered when he laughed.
He opened his mouth, shut it again. He just wanted to say it aloud, have it carried on the air. Maybe John would feel it somehow. “John, I’m coming. I’ll be there as soon as I can. Can you hear me? I’m on my way. I love you. I do."
“I almost feel like me again, and he reminds me that I’m not,” John whispered, tears welling up again. The marginally happy John of the morning had dissolved into hollow eyes and a sadness so palpable Sherlock felt like there was barely space in the room for him.
Sherlock Holmes. John can hardly fathom that they’re actually going to meet, after all these months of texting and skyping. He’s got no idea how he’ll react with Sherlock right here in the flesh, all shimmering green eyes and wild curls, flashing that wicked grin that always sends John’s stomach fluttering. He wants to
“Me too.” John presses his nose against the underside of Sherlock’s jaw, unaccountably warm in the frigid air.
“Yes, love.” John’s voice is amused, but Sherlock knows John’s not mocking him. He sounds pleased and happy, and Sherlock thinks suddenly that John should sound this way much, much more often than he does.
He’d almost cried, standing there in a filthy hotel loo with a prostitute, thinking of that tender exchange that never happened. Then he’d taken him hard, leaving red welts on his hips from John’s fingernails, and wept silently as he walked home to Baker Street.
John complies wordlessly, sliding his knees up and groaning shamelessly as Sherlock circles his hole with two slick fingertips. “Oh, oh
Sherlock nods, but continues staring into the fireplace. John rubs small circles on his back. "You get frenetic. You get lost, inside your own enormous brain. You're hypersensitive. You feel everything, see everything, absorb everything. The world is a constant rush of input for you, just so much data, all the time. But this way, with what we do, I'm in control of how much stimuli you get. I tell you to go lie in a darkened room and calm down, you do it. Because I told you to, and you have to do what I say. I smack your arse until it's burning, and that's all you can think about. It's focus. You don't have to worry about all that input, because I do it for you. I control your input. There are boundaries, consequences if you don't do as you're told. That's comforting for you, to not be allowed to spin out of control. Yeah?"
“What do you want, my love? Tell me.” John’s already reaching back, twisting behind him to get what they need from the bedside drawer.
John breathes out, his hand still clenched tight around the doorknob. “For what it’s worth -” He clears his throat, sinking marginally into Sherlock’s embrace. “For what it’s worth, I know you’re probably right. About Moriarty.”
John can tell he’s being careful, even in the throes of arousal, can tell he’s not putting weight directly on John’s scar. He can’t even see it - John’s still wearing his shirt - and he somehow knows exactly where he shouldn’t rest his leg. No one’s ever been careful with him - he’s always the strong one, tough and solid and unbreakable. Sherlock is being careful with him. He blinks back the heat prickling behind his eyes and focuses on licking a hard stripe up the underside of Sherlock’s cock, which makes Sherlock arc up off the bed and scrabble at the headboard. John pulls off with an obscene slurp and nuzzles at him, kisses the crease of his groin.
The man looked disappointed, but didn’t argue. He pulled his clothes back on and picked up the filthy rucksack that John had made him leave on the floor, far away from any of John’s belongings. “Well, cutie, you know where to find me. I’m up for round two whenever.”
"John." Sherlock says reproachfully, fighting against every instinct in his body to push his hips up into John's hand. "No, you really shouldn't. Mrs Hudson will be back up here in five minutes, anyway.
The minutes stretched out. It was approaching late afternoon now, the sun low and orange on the horizon. The room was diffused with a yellow glow that reminded Sherlock palpably of Baker Street. He tried to pretend they were there, laying on the sofa together, a fire crackling merrily, kettle on the cooktop. They would be, as soon as Sherlock could make it happen.
Sherlock breathes out harder than he ever has in his life, chills racing over his skin, his whole body tingling in fearful anticipation. The night is freezing cold at this point, but he doesn't even register it. He's chilled to the bone for reasons that have nothing to do with the sudden onset of the damp London autumn.
make it, John.” Sherlock objected, and kicked at John’s booted foot indignantly. “I’ve no trouble keeping up with you at home.”
Nestled with his ear against the steady thump of John’s heartbeat, Sherlock finally feels his eyelids growing heavy and allows to sleep to reclaim him.
“Everything alright, Mr Holmes?” Somehow the formality coming from her mouth doesn’t seem formal in the least.
at Hogwarts, and his mother’s fussing that he’s not learning anything that will get him a job, no matter how many times he’s explained that he won’t be
John had never intended to be here again. Death was going to find him. That was the plan. For the second time in his life, Sherlock found him before death had.
Sherlock wants to say he’s not even considering getting up, that his legs won’t hold him if he tries, that he’s not been this uncertain and nerve-wracked since he had to stand up in front of a room full of people and watch John Watson marry someone who wasn’t him. Instead he just nods, and manages a weak smile. John nods in return and leaves the room quickly, striding into the darkened kitchen - or what
want that, he would tire of it almost immediately - Sherlock’s stubbornness, his argumentative nature, watching Sherlock use that giant brain to tear a puzzle to pieces, solve a case, just play a board game on a quiet night at home, Sherlock's absurd sense of humour, his quick wit, his passion, the fiery burn of his deep emotions - that's why John fell in love with him. John loves Sherlock as he is - difficult, incessant, exhausting, clever, wonderful, and painfully sweet natured much of the time. He would never truly want Sherlock to subsume his personality.
Sherlock nods back and his smile is gentle as he swings the door to closing, "We'll talk after dinner. Go get your shower. I have to go let the wine breathe."
He gives Molly a half-hearted wave and sips his cappuccino, taking another drag before he’s swallowed completely, so the flavours of both tobacco and espresso mingle together across his tongue. It’s sinfully good, and he sighs, sinking back against the wall. Alchemy jerks awake, scrambles out of his collar and takes a spot on Sherlock’s shoulder instead, sitting up on his hind legs and sniffing the air.
Sherlock allows himself to speed up, finally, freeing John’s wrists and putting his hands flat against the bed to leverage up so he can thrust hard and fast. When it breaks over him, it’s long and quivering and hot, reaching down into every nerve ending and reverberating, making him quake and moan long after the orgasm ends.
“Sometimes people cry when they’re happy, Sherlock.” John nudges his cheek into Sherlock’s hand, smiling. “And I have never, ever been this happy.”
“Sherlock Holmes.” John rolls the name in his mouth, grins, nods. “I like it. It’s unique, like you.”
what you want.” His nimble physician’s fingers began untying my belt as he spoke, his hands parting the fabric and smoothing warm and dry over my stomach. “Tell me.”
He takes a seat at a corner table, the wood surface roughened by thousands of plates, ringed with multitudes of coffee stains. Before he can take a sip of his coffee, his phone buzzes with a text.
"No, I never thought that." Sherlock shakes his head violently, unable to think clearly, to formulate a plan. Terror is flooding through him, his only goal to get John safe somehow, get John out of there.
John trusted Mike, so he’d gone on and given Sherlock a chance. And Sherlock had been even better than Mike’s word. Though they were sixty miles apart - Sherlock at Oxford and John at medical school at Imperial College, London - Sherlock had guided John through the most difficult term of science classes he’d ever had in his life. They shared emails and Skyped late into the night, and John had made more than a few frantic pre-exam phone calls that made Sherlock laugh.
Jesus Christ. He was so worried about the fucking button, he didn't even think about the sound of Lestrade's line ringing. The voice message, the bloody goddamned voice message. Fuck. At the first ring, loud and resounding in the compact space, he fumblingly shuts it off. If Jim hears Lestrade's voicemail message, it's all over. God, his plan is already fucked. He's an idiot. John would
He counted the minutes between texts, and was fairly bursting out his skin by the time they sat down in the evenings for their Skyping. Sherlock brought out something tender and protective in him - he seemed so alone, other than his brother who made him crazy, and John. But he was brilliant, and bizarre, and John found him mesmerising. His friends were sick to death of hearing about what Sherlock said, what Sherlock thought about a band or a film. John couldn’t stop talking about him, couldn’t stop thinking about him.
The nurse comes in seconds later, sees Sherlock is awake, and hurries back out to bring back a cadre of doctors and assistants. They take his blood pressure, his temperature, peer into his eyes and his throat and palpate his abdomen. He becomes aware that his left arm is in a cast, and hurts rather a lot.
, long liquid hot movements that draw sounds out of Sherlock he didn’t even know he could make. He feels like he ought to be paying attention, because this is their first time, at least to him, and he needs to
“Have to get back to work, I know.” The dread that fills his chest at this being over, at John walking out of this room, is inexplicable.
“That tickles, stop,” John laughed, smoothing his whole hand over Sherlock’s head, brushing his hair back. Sherlock looked up into those complicated blue eyes, tidal like the sea, currently swimming with affection and sadness. “Hey, you. Beautiful thing. Twelve days, huh?”
“I know you do.” The emotion in Sherlock’s voice surprised even himself. “And I’m going to take you home. I promise you that, John. I will take you home.”
Disgust at himself warred with relief and affection and he didn’t even know what else. He couldn’t name all the emotions surging through him just looking down at those golden black curls draped over his scarred and bandaged forearm. He wasn’t understanding any of this, and quite suddenly, with the force of rounding a corner and running into something solid, he realised he didn’t
“May I use your phone? I left mine at home.” He lies smoothly, not really thinking she would deny him the use of the telephone, but it’s strange for teenagers to not have mobiles, and he’s used to trying to seem as normal as possible.
"God." Sherlock could barely breathe. He was being choked by his desire, by the spiraling burn of want that was constricting his lungs. "You're gorgeous."
The interior of the house was shabbier than what one would normally expect of a massive country manor house. The handwoven wool carpets on the floors were threadbare, chipping paint around every door handle, and a large water stain on the ceiling looked as though it was the product of slow and steady seepage. A leak that should have been fixed years ago, and never had been. The smells lurking under the overpowering iron tang of blood reminded Sherlock viscerally of both his mother and Mrs Hudson - floral perfume worn only by ladies of a certain age, some kind of heavy stew with beef stock and plenty of carrots, the rotten egg odor of silver polish.
Sherlock laughs breathily, and John can tell he’s already on the verge of sleep. He’s been running for days, unable to calm himself down. Usually John doesn’t interfere with cases, doesn’t exercise his role as the dominant in the relationship while Sherlock is working, even if Sherlock’s not taking care of himself. Now, with Sherlock’s bony cheekbone pressing a bruise into his pectoral, and his muffled sleepy noises as he drifts off, he realises how needful of this Sherlock has been.
John hitched Sherlock’s leg over his back, the head of his cock pushing urgently at the resistance of that tight ring of muscle, suddenly slipping past it abruptly, seating him fully very quickly. They both gasped. Sherlock’s back went curved like a bowstring, John’s hand clutching at his waist, the other grasping his hand so hard he could feel his bones shifting.
John makes a pleased noise and flicks his tongue against Sherlock’s thigh, grips him right above his knees and eases his legs wider. He settles down between them, the sides of his chest resting against the insides of Sherlock’s thighs, and hums and sighs and just looks at Sherlock for a long stretching out minute, those indigo eyes sweeping up over Sherlock’s face, Sherlock’s chest, up the length of his stiff prick, down down between his legs. Just as Sherlock thinks he can’t wait one more second without saying something incredibly bossy and desperate, John’s left hand slides up to ring three fingers around him as he sinks his face into the fleshiest part of Sherlock’s thigh and nips. Hard.
If John had been with him, it would all have been so different. John, with his sturdy military bravery, his assuredness that things would work out, his calming presence. They would have laughed over the ridiculousness of it all. They would have sat in the little hovels Sherlock had to endure, shoulder to shoulder, hands brushing together over the wavering fire. Maybe they would even have fallen asleep that way, their heads drifting onto each other’s shoulders as the night deepened. Sherlock thought about it every morning that he woke up frigid and alone, back sore and half numb. What John’s eyes would have looked like centimeters from his own, blue and affectionate, sparkling in the grey morning sunshine, blonde lashes blinking at him.
If he said one more kind thing, John was going to beat him until his pretty nose snapped under John’s fists.
Sherlock blushes from the neck up, and looks down at his toes. He has the strangest urge to call her ma'am. "We understand."
“I’ll tell you when it’s over.” Sherlock quips, surprised at his normal smart mouth making an unscheduled appearance in front of John.
“I used to bake all the time. My mum, she...it was the one thing we liked to do together.” John’s eyebrows knit upwards, his lips press in a line. His eyes cast down for just a second, long enough to make Sherlock’s heart clench painfully. Suddenly, he wants to bake a loaf of bread more than he’s ever wanted to do anything in his entire life.
“Hmmm?” Sherlock smoothed his palm over the back of John’s head, squeezing the soapy water from it. John leaned forward, rested his brow against his bent forearm.
Often, even now, John can’t take his eyes off Sherlock. He physically can’t tear his eyes away, his gaze trapped in Sherlock’s orbit as strongly as the pull of the earth to the sun. Even now that he’s allowed to look all he wants, allowed to stare at the curves of that perfect mouth and imagine any number of deliciously wicked activities to keep it busy. Even now that if he’s caught staring, he just grins and Sherlock grins back and anyone who’s within a ten metre radius knows exactly what they’re both thinking about.
,” and John says, “Yes, yes, I want you to,” and Sherlock bites at his throat and his collarbones and marks him with his teeth and his noises and John knows he never wants to hear another person gasping against him like this. Only Sherlock. Always Sherlock.
John runs his fingers over the base of the toy again, breathing hard, his lips dry. He wants so much right now he's having a hard time focusing. He slides his hands around and pulls Sherlock's hips down. "Go ahead and lie down."
All the resistance he thought he should feel at that just wasn't there. He wanted to say he was fine, he could handle it, he'd had worse, but he knew Sherlock was right. He burrowed tighter into Sherlock's side, curled his foot between Sherlock's calf and the sofa. "I'll call tomorrow morning. While you're with Mycroft, and Mrs Hudson's babysitting."
John brushes his knuckles over the prominent ridge of Sherlock’s cheekbone, down to his mouth, and puts two fingers over his lips. “Shhhh. I know. I know. Just -- come here.”
Sherlock's throat constricts, aches, with this blooming inside him. Hope. For the first time in fucking forever. And it's tortuous, to hope, to think there could be something different.
“No place I’d rather be.” John bends back down, licks at the fluid on Sherlock’s hipbone, and then sucks a mark there, making Sherlock’s hips shift restlessly.
“You know that I...I like it a bit rough. I don’t mind pain, Sherlock. I even like it a bit. Sometimes I like it a lot. You don’t have to be worried about that.” John stroked Sherlock’s hair, Sherlock nudging up into his hand like a needy cat. “I know we haven’t really discussed the power structure tonight, but I’m feeling like you need something from me that I’ve not given you. Anything else bothering you?”
He closes the notebook carefully, and sets it on the nightstand. He's still stretching when the door creaks open and Sherlock's face appears in the crack.
Neither of them can take this anymore. John teases just for a second, rubbing the slicked head of his cock around the edge of Sherlock's stretched hole before he rocks forward and thrusts home hard and fast. Sherlock's eyes and mouth fly open, a ragged moan escaping his cracked lips. John grinds deeper into him, moves his hands to grip him by the waist. He's dizzy already from endorphins.
“Do I pick up the fucking package or not?” He slowed as he approached a toll booth, lit another cigarette with a shaking hand.
“I like it kinda rough, yeah,” John whispers, and rolls his hips against Sherlock’s, a slow tidal movement, his entire body undulating and curving around Sherlock, enveloping him. “But I don’t want to hurt you. What do
"John. You're having a panic attack. John, just breathe." Sherlock's voice sounded distant, echoey and tympanic.
Sherlock immediately drops to the floor with a quiet thunk and doesn't move, unsure whether he's allowed to touch John yet. He folds his hands behind his back and watches John patiently.
under his breath. Sherlock's jaw had locked tight, a string of vitriolic insults ready behind his clenched teeth. John had yanked him away and gotten them both a double scotch neat.
John’s hair is shining blonde and white streaked in the orange light, eyes cerulean, the new maroon button down and dark denim shorts accentuating every curve of muscle. Sherlock swallows. It’s been forever since he wanted someone. He wants John so badly his mouth goes dry.
He’s aware of his body in a way he’s never been before, conscious of the way his body connects to his heart, his brain, because he can’t
, but it doesn’t make me think less of you. We’re going to help each other. It won’t be like this forever. I know it.”
He was having a more intimate moment with this prostitute than he’d ever had with Sherlock; their legs brushing under the sheet, talking softly across sweaty pillows, sharing a smoke. It was so wrong, so desperately wrong. I’m betraying him. I am. And I can’t stop. I love you still, and I can’t stop this.
"As for the drugs, I don't believe you'll be like this forever. I really don't. We'll sort it out." John curls up next to Sherlock, sighing. “Can we just stay like this? For a little while?”
"I think I prefer decision-maker, but yeah. I'm naturally a dominant person, but...sometimes...I just get tired, love."
John raised his eyebrows skeptically. “Well, it’s different climbing through the woods than running round on nice flat paved London streets. You’re red as a beetroot.”
Sherlock runs his hands firm and tender up and down John's back, flickers his fingers up into John's hair, and kisses his forehead. "John. I love you. I always have."
“Yeah. Ta.” John threw a wad of cash at him, not bothering to ask how much he actually owed. “The boot?”
John nods, apparently too weak to speak anymore, and Sherlock goes skidding up the steps, covered in John’s blood, sobbing for help. There’s tourists everywhere. Everyone has phones out, taking pictures of Tower Bridge, laughing. Sherlock freezes for a second, and before he can scream, get someone's attention, an elderly woman turns and sees him, her eyes going wide with shock and fear.
“I shall have to remedy that, then.” I shimmied backwards off of John’s lap and allowed my dressing gown to fall completely to the floor as I stood.
“Alright, well. Better go. Good luck with the essay.” John waves and turns away, begins to climb the stairs into the castle.
"No one else. I was - the work came first. I didn't want distractions." A twist of curl is caught in Sherlock's eyebrow, which is both endearing and bizarrely sexy.
capable of processing human speech. I made it through medical school and everything. I’ll just take notes if I get confused, shall I?”
After they’d combed the house, Lester put on a pot of coffee. They sat across the kitchen table from each other, hands wrapped around warm mugs. Lester had stuttered, stumbled, haltingly spitting out his story.
He wiggles his eyebrows and chuckles. “Don’t worry, I won’t stay after. You two can walk back up to the castle
John reaches around and turns the screen back on, brushing his knuckles over Sherlock's cheekbone as he retracts his hand. "Because I'm interested in what you're interested in. And also I suddenly had an inexplicably sexy vision of you standing on our roof in a beekeeping outfit. I didn't even know you had an interest in bees, beyond occasionally drizzling honey all over me..."
"Yes. Blue balls is better than internal bleeding, I think." Sherlock arches an eyebrow, and John glowers at him.
"Fine." John huffed and pinched his lips together. Sherlock watched, rapt, as the hairs around his mouth moved. John retracted his jaw and blinked at Sherlock, furrowed his brow. "This beard really does it for you, yeah?"
"It's The Beatles, Sherlock! This is Abbey Road. It's, it's...it is classical music. In a matter of speaking." John smacks a flat palm down on Sherlock's arse. "Deserve a spanking, you do, for not knowing The Beatles, for god's sake. That's just a crime against nature."
The warmth from the fire radiated against the backs of Sherlock's hands as he moved them up over John's back while they kissed. He loved John's back. Strong and square, a gentle indentation at his waist, smooth shoulder blades marred only by the gunshot scar that Sherlock loved for no other reason than that it had brought John to him. He traced his fingers over the bumpy outline of it under John's cotton dressing gown, and John shivered against him.
A wolfish grin spreads slow across his face at the thought as he shifts and slithers a few feet along the wall. He sips his drink and cranes his neck around the two guys who're snogging practically in his lap, trying to catch another glimpse.
Sherlock tries to breathe, overwhelmed with desire. This black eyed, lip curling John, with his fingers tangled in Sherlock's hair and his cock pushing insistently at Sherlock's thigh, is a revelation.
"Yes. I just. You said you'd be here. I didn't know where you were." Sherlock sounds half apologetic, half petulant. The timbre of his voice stirs heat in John's belly, the beginnings of arousal tingling through his thighs and lower back.
“You don’t look too hot yourself, Lester.” Lester was green, his colour all off. He looked even more frail than usual.
“What, Sherlock?” A heavy stone of dread settles in his stomach. Sherlock hesitating to speak never signals good things. Of course, how much worse can it really get?
“Oh. And now?” Sherlock looks up at him almost shyly, reticence tightening across his beautiful beloved face.
John drapes his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders and leans back, arches a disbelieving eyebrow at him. “Sherlock. You told my neurologist that your brother could have his family deported.”
Halfway there, as he peered into the white, trying to make out headlamps through the dense snow, his phone rang. It was an unfamiliar number.
"Right." John pins Sherlock's hands over his head. "Here." Licks at his left nipple. "With." Tongue over his Adam's apple, making him squirm. "Me." Sinks his tongue between Sherlock's lips, warm and languorous.
Sherlock, the one no one gets to see but me. So, what reminds me of you? Well, my love, it’s going to be a long list.
That familiar lump swelled in his throat. Sherlock, why won’t you go away? It’s been over a year. Why can’t I just...let you go?
"I know. I know, love." John's voice full of sympathy. He kisses Sherlock's shoulder through his shirt, and looks up at him with wide blue eyes.
Sherlock blushes deeper and shifts his eyes down to their entwined hands, rubs one thumb over the heel of John’s hand. “Yes, because I don’t have any. Any. Anything. In my room, I mean.”
“Spoiled, you are,” Sherlock shakes his head and moves round the back of the cab to retrieve his trunk from the boot.
John smiles, and Sherlock can feel the movement against his own mouth. It’s a ghosting kiss, barely there. Then Sherlock tips his chin up, offering, and John captures his mouth in a kiss that’s half a sob, relief and joy and wonder pouring out of them, mingling on each other’s tongues. It’s familiar, in a way Sherlock can’t quite put his finger on. It feels as though they’ve done this before, and now Sherlock is just coming home, putting his mouth exactly where it’s always meant to be.
Sherlock temples his hands, stares round the entire sitting room for a long moment. His eyes rest on everything except John. John knows his process by now and doesn't interrupt. Just sips his coffee, frothy and strong, and waits. When Sherlock finally meets John's eyes, his own are troubled.
“Take these off.” Sherlock pushes at the waistband of John’s pants, and John raises his hips obligingly so Sherlock can pull them down.
“Well. This one’s gotten himself into a spell of trouble, and while I’d love to help, I have my own business to attend to. You’re going to stay here and get him out of his trouble, until it’s done. I have to leave. Lester here will explain everything to you. Can you handle that, Lester?” He looked at the smaller man like he was a mentally challenged child.
John took in the flush creeping up Sherlock's chest, his hooded eyes. Definitely aroused, then. He slid a still gloved hand up Sherlock's thigh, over his swelling cock. "Oh my god. Look at you. You’re exquisite."
"I don't either." John twisted a single curl around his fingers, and then cleared his throat. "What I'm about to tell you, probably, um, won't help. But I just have to. Fuck."
The clouds move more swiftly now, gathering black and heavy right over top the station, and the wind picks up, blowing bits of paper and leaves up out of the gutters. A fat drop of rain hits Sherlock in the eye as he turns his face up to the sky and exhales a long plume of smoke. Another drop blots the face of his watch as he checks the time. 10:48am.
John abruptly releases Sherlock, who actually stumbles forward a few steps from the sudden lack of support. John puts out his hand to steady him and Sherlock takes it, looking at him with wide worried eyes.
This kid’s going to get eaten alive out here, unless there's more to him than Sherlock can see right now. Sherlock takes the bottle and sucks half of it down in one pull. Sugar. Caffeine. At least it’s something.
Right. Enough talking, enough haunted pining, thinking about the past. They’re dead anyway, there’s no reason for regrets anymore. Just enough time to -
"God." He breathed. The lump in his throat felt like a boulder. "We're home, Sherlock. We're actually home."
He stands up on the bed, clumsy and half falling over as the mattress bounces under his feet, and kicks his jeans onto the floor. Falls back down to his knees and bends over Sherlock, who's propped up on his elbows and still fully dressed. "You love me," he whispers, and doesn't give Sherlock time to answer. Their tongues twine together and John can't remember ever having kissed anyone like this, like he's kissing them with his whole body, giving himself over completely to the slide of warm lips and rough taste buds and the nick of someone else's teeth against his tongue.
“If they want to talk to you, you play the unsuspecting victim. You have no idea why they targeted you. Don’t even suggest mistaken identity. Just nothing. They’re stupid, like Lestrade and Anderson and Donovan. They need a
working for him?! Christ."  John exploded, whirling out of Sherlock's loose grasp and walking past him into the sitting room. "Are you fucking serious?"
"Tonight was amazing. This week has been amazing. But I’m not sure where it leaves us, with the whole...dom/sub thing. I thought I understood how we worked, and now, I’m not so sure."
John runs his fingers around the inside to make sure it's not too tight, lingering his touch between the soft suede and Sherlock's thumping pulse. He never in his life expected he would be placing a collar on anyone, but it's entirely natural, an outward expression of who they are. Not any different than the scars on John's arms, nor the tattoo inked with Sherlock's blood.
“This is it. You coming up?” Sherlock would object, but something tells him John will do what he wants to, regardless of Sherlock’s objection.
Sherlock shakes his head, overwhelmed, his whole body tensing up, jaw muscle jumping. John slows his hand but doesn't stop. Two fingers lightly up and back, rubs the pad of his thumb gently over the tip, precome smearing across his palm. "You feel so good," he repeats, kissing Sherlock's sternum and nipping at the dip where his ribs swoop down into his stomach. Sherlock gasps and bends up, his leg arcing around John's thigh.
They amble into the kitchen, and it could be any normal day. They could be uni students, sharing their first flat, clubbing all night, sleeping until late afternoon, John pulling all nighters while Sherlock rubs his neck and brings him tea. If they were normal, that’s what this would be. Just two boys in love and playing house, all sex and video games and takeaway at three a.m.
The end of his sentence is swallowed by Sherlock’s lips back on his, their hands on each other’s faces, Sherlock’s fingers in his hair. The touch of Sherlock’s body, the heat of his breath, it’s shredding him, pulling him into pieces. He feels stripped raw, as they cling to each other, sighing into each other’s open mouths, finally giving themselves over to what’s always been there right under the surface.
Sherlock grins back, then reaches for his phone and slides it onto his lap. He surreptitiously types out a text to Mycroft with one hand, his phone half covered by the tablecloth.
“Got yourself a bodyguard here, Sherlock. Careful, pretty boy. Sherlock  will get you into lots of trouble.” The sing song in his voice is menacing. John doesn’t flinch.
The sun was fully up and flooding the bed with light by the time Sherlock opened his eyes. He was curled tightly into himself, knees at his chest, his thick dressing gown not an effective enough barrier against the cold of the drafty flat. His feet were freezing. He looked over at John, who must have gotten up in the night and tucked himself under the blankets. Sherlock rolled off the bed, lifted up the blankets on his side, and crawled under. The familiar heat of John’s sleeping body radiated against him, and he moved closer, pressing his cold nose between John’s shoulder blades.
They walk close enough for their hands to brush, the night growing cool around them. It’s miles of companionable silence, their knuckles sweeping past each other occasionally, shoulders bumping, before they get to what Sherlock calls home. Tower Bridge looms in the night sky as Sherlock moves a few pieces of hastily stacked lumber and a few canvas cloths spattered with paint and reveals a wide stairway down into pitch blackness.
Sherlock laughs, genuine and loudly. The sound of it breaks some of the odd tension that had been between them. One dark eyebrow ticks up. “I wouldn’t hold out any hope of that, John.”
There's a shuffling noise to his left, and he jerks, turns, more than half expecting to see Jim's hooded brown eyes peering at him. Just a pigeon pecking at a stale chip under the bench.
in charge, but I know we could use a bit of help.” She chewed her lip nervously. “You’ve dealt with corpses before?”
The smell of patchouli and lavender, from that one bath bomb that always leaves purple rings around the tub.
He finally makes his eyes focus, and the first thing he sees properly is that familiar swirl of blonde-grey hair. John’s bent over the edge of the bed, his arms folded under his face, snoring softly.
“You heard me.” Sherlock slants his mouth up to meet John’s, and the kiss is hungrier now, not so hesitant.
Sherlock passes over the towel, looking dejected and miserable. He looks up at John with wide eyes, his lower lip caught in his teeth. “Are you very disappointed in me? I know you would be so bored without the work. I mean, we don’t have to stop entirely, just maybe take fewer -”
he is,” Lestrade turns and fixes Sherlock with a hard stare, “You boys are in quite a lot of danger. I promise I won’t sit on this for long, but. If you don’t listen to me, and you go off and try to handle this on your own, I can’t be responsible for what happens. Not only that, but for some bloody reason, I really don’t
In the evening, his phone buzzed with a drunken selfie of Sherlock in a horrid Christmas jumper, leaning against a massive stone fireplace, his tongue stuck in the corner of his mouth, one eye squeezed shut in a crooked wink.
It takes Sherlock a few seconds of processing to realise that John’s rocking his hips rhythmically against Sherlock’s arse. And that he’s hard.
“So, Mr. Winston. You’re not going anywhere for at least three days. You’ve got a concussion, three cracked ribs, a possible spinal fracture, multiple bone contusions and lacerations that require IV antibiotics. You’re healing pretty fast for what you’ve been through, but you require rest and monitoring.” The doctor looked up at John, suspicion in his eyes. “You honestly have no idea who did this to you or why?”
John walks over and opens the door. Mrs Hudson looks worried, her brow pinched, her hands twisting together.
Their whole life together is rearranging itself, far too quickly for John to comprehend. It's all been so harmonious until now, their arrangement. John falling naturally into his role as leader, caretaker. Sherlock looking to him for comfort, guidance in the ways of relationships and love and sex; the areas of the world Sherlock wasn't an expert in. It's been easy.
John shakes his head, presses his thumb into the slit of Sherlock's cock, rubs the wetness down over the frenulum. Oh god, Sherlock can't stop him, can't make himself. He should. He should tell him no.
Greg had called. Once, twice. The third time John picked it up because he knew Greg would worry if he didn’t. He knew he sounded as if he’d been sobbing for an hour. Greg paused, reconsidered whatever he'd been about to say, then waffled on about the Yard, and Molly, and shit John couldn’t care about anymore even if he wanted to. Which he didn't. The darkness in him was suffocating. He barely managed a few grunts in reply, and hung up without remembering if he said goodbye or not.
“No. I want to look at you.” Sherlock says unabashedly, as open and innocent as it’s possible to sound after having some incredibly quick and dirty sex. Twice.
“Do you -” John mouths gently at the side of Sherlock’s cock, shuts his eyes. He’s being careful about his moustache touching sensitive skin, the way holds his head tilted away, the inside of his bottom lip easing along Sherlock’s cock gently. Tenderly.
They lay there, entwined and sucking in air, stroking each other’s fingers and gentling, gentling, until Sherlock can breathe somewhat normally. John presses a kiss to his sternum and rolls back and to the side. The sheets are soaked, wet and disgusting, Sherlock’s chest and stomach and legs are covered in sweat and come. He should move, he should get a shower. John lays on his back beside him, looking up at the ceiling and blinking, licking his cracked kiss sore lips.
“My side?” Sherlock looks at him curiously. They’ve never made love this way before. Usually it’s Sherlock flat on his back or straddling John’s hips, riding him, eager and fast.
At the risk of interrupting Sherlock’s thought process, he murmurs, “I’m glad you know those things.”
. His eyes crinkle and those ridiculous lashes actually touch the edges of his eyebrows, and Sherlock’s stomach flips. A bit not good.
John laughs, because he just can't not. Sherlock always makes him laugh, always has, even in the most inappropriate and absurd moments.
“John, get a room, mate!” A gaggle of the other employees at the club are laughing and whistling as they walk to the bus stop.
“Let me, please -” I passed my palms over the meat of his thighs, into the staggeringly hot creases of his hips, and stroked both thumbs up the sides of his cock.
"No." His words are failing him, but he can't leave with nothing. He can't leave and go back to John and look at that scar on his stomach and know that at any moment Jim could come and take him away.
John doesn't know what to say. He's lost. Lost for words, lost for Sherlock, lost in himself. The most natural thing seems to just say, "I'm so sorry. I'm not ashamed. I'm not."
Finally the first loaf is done, and John makes Sherlock wait 10 minutes to let it cool, even though it smells so delicious and looks so beautiful and crusty and incredible and he can't believe that John
Sherlock shakes his head, and settles his weight so John's cock is sliding up the crease of his arse, and John grabs at Sherlock's thighs and thrusts up, and when Sherlock puts a sweaty hand on his chest and begins to rock with his thighs tight on the outside of John's thighs, and looks down at John with a wide smile and half closed eyes, John is almost certain he's going to - for the first time in his rather promiscuous life - actually cry during sex.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock. Honestly.” For once, her smirking face is serious. She looks genuinely apologetic.
Sherlock pushes his finger in all the way up to the knuckle and John’s coming, hot sweet salty thick pulsing all over Sherlock's tongue and soft palate, his hips stuttering trying to arc up, but Sherlock holds him down, crooks his finger inside to brush over the little bundle of nerves. John sobs out a harsh groan, tightening around Sherlock’s finger inside him. He’s still coming, and Sherlock’s swallowing him down, every bit.
“Uh, Dr. John Watson. Just me, or - or him, too?” John tilted his head, eyes round and big. A goddamned
Lester laughed, raspy and quavering. “Bugs? Cameras? Who would do that? This isn’t...I’m not in a spy movie.”
“Always.” They both laughed, just softly, still feeling round the edges of each other to see how sharp the other one was. Sherlock swept the pack of cigarettes off the table and threw them in the wastebasket. “There. No more smoking. Good news for breathing.”
and when John shimmies down, takes him in his mouth, salty and already wet, he writhes and arches and grabs at the pillows, and can’t even form words. It’s quiet. It’s worship.
Sherlock’s head lolls to the side, exposing the long pale column of his throat. Those thick black eyelashes flit and dance against his cheeks as his chews on his lip and sighs, looking utterly lost to the pleasure of John’s lips and tongue on his body. Little beads of perspiration dot his hairline, curls sticking to his forehead. John dips his mouth again and sucks expertly at the place that makes Sherlock shudder and cry out, grind his hips up against John’s in desperate entreaty.
"No, you aren't." John's nudging at his neck, lips soft and open, dragging up into his hairline. Sherlock shivers and arches into the touch, feels John smiling against his skin. "Put the damn kindle away, Sherlock."
Sherlock sighs, confused, but then John’s lips are against his collarbone, his chin, his mouth. John’s hand gently brushing his fringe away from his eyes. John whispering softly,
"I'm sure you are." Sherlock grinds his back teeth together, his jaw tight. Jim has always been able to engender in him a kind of raw anger that makes his skin feel like it's rubbing against sandpaper. He's already quivering, fear and anticipation mingling in his chest. There's a hollow ache in his belly, an emptiness at his side where John should be. This already feels all wrong.
Their conversation had been brief and horrible. John's lip had curled defiantly as he had introduced Sherlock as his boyfriend, which he still was, then. John's father's nose had flared in blatant disgust and he'd refused to shake Sherlock's hand, muttering something about
“I have a double deck of Exploding Snap. Who wants to play?” Hugo reaches into canvas bag rumpled on the floor between his feet, and pulls out a pack of cards.
Christ. The grief hit him like a punch to stomach. He hadn't been in this foyer since the day he told Mrs Hudson he couldn't do this anymore, not without Sherlock. The day she'd cried and begged and told him he'd always have a home here, and he went off to his suicide mission with bloody knuckles and blackened lungs. It was months ago, and felt like decades.
“Well, I did. And I don’t now.” The anger was coming. The kind he wouldn’t be able to control. It rolled up through his chest, a wave crashing hard against the back of his ribcage, making it hard to breathe.
“I know you said you don’t want to talk about it,” Molly says tentatively, hours later, as they’re sitting cross-legged on the common room floor with a game of Wizard Chess between them. She takes a deep breath and looks up at Sherlock, the glow of the dying embers in the fireplace making long shadows across her face. “But I think John likes you.”
No one except John has ever been randomly kind to Sherlock before. She’s another miracle of John, of his presence in Sherlock's life; this woman in her silken scarf and patterned dress, her heels and pearls, out for a day of sightseeing and instead...she's here in this hospital, with John's blood on her arm and helping Sherlock outside to smoke.
"Yes, John. I'm sorry. That just felt so good." Sherlock's voice barely more than a whisper as he drags his eyes open and sways to the right, his balance thrown off without the use of his arms. John grabs his hip to hold him upright and rakes his nails purposefully across the thin skin stretched over Sherlock's bone. Sherlock leans into the touch and groans.
John takes a deep breath and tries to listen to all three, which is surprisingly difficult. “Sherlock. I understand you’re upset, but this not the way to handle it, okay? It's no ones fault. Not yours, not mine. You did need to rest last night, you wouldn’t have gotten anywhere with the case even if you were there, and it’s fucking okay to not be perfect all the time, alright? You don’t have to solve every single case you’re on. Sometimes Greg can actually be a cop, he knows how to do that.”
drunk. I suspected as much." John shifted behind him, and draped his left arm down over Sherlock's left shoulder, trailing his fingertips over his tee shirted stomach.
“Well. There are many advantages to having the British government for a brother. Such as access to the nation’s rubbish.”
John shot him a wicked look that made him laugh out loud and yank John off the couch and down the hallway. They kissed and groped their way into the bedroom, and fell into bed with a thud that had Mrs Hudson pounding on her ceiling with a broom handle and shouting, "Boys! Honestly! Go in John's room if you're going to behave like that!"
I did not think to argue, as my eyes were drifting closed even as we walked down the short hallway to our room. He sat me down and unbuttoned my boots, gently pushing me back upon the bed. I could not help but notice the bed had not been slept in since the morning of my departure, the sheets still tossed back as they had been, the pillows moved not an inch.
. Gryffindor golden boy, and look at me.” Sherlock shakes his head and reaches for a giant slab of chicken and ham pie. “I don’t want to talk about it anymore, Rose. Just.
“Oh, get the fuck off me.” John gave him a hard shove in the ribs, bit back the urge to punch him bloody. “I’m not your fucking boyfriend.”
“And Sherlock told me about you. He looked for you, you know. He missed you.” John’s voice is just shy of accusatory, his smile faltering a bit.
“It has nothing whatsoever to do with whether we deserve each other or not. There’s simply no other option.” Sherlock shrugs.
John’s head falls back against the glass, forgetting for the moment that they’re about to die. Sherlock’s mouth is on him. Sherlock’s mouth that just uttered the words he’d never thought he would hear. Sherlock loves him. The entire world could explode right now, sod the damned train car. Nothing matters but this.
They explore the bedroom last, their bedroom. It's got striped wallpaper that reminds Sherlock of cricket uniforms. The bed is lumpy and creaks horribly, but it smells fresh and clean, and Mrs Hudson's already made it up, covered it with what looks like a homesewn bedspread embroidered with honey bees.
before - John’s cheeks scarlet, his eyes black and glittering, how soft and swollen his lips are. He’s beautiful.
Sherlock's teeth nick into John's lip and his head bangs hard into the wall as they press and grind relentlessly, their cocks sliding roughly against each other. “Wait, wait, baby, give me your hand,” John shudders out, his entire body shivering against Sherlock’s. He can’t tell which one of them is closer to coming, they feel so much like the same person. Sherlock holds up his hand, and John shuts his eyes, nuzzles into the muskiness of his palm, which smells like both of them. It’s intoxicating. When he darts out his tongue to wet Sherlock’s skin, Sherlock’s whimpering gasp shakes him to his core. He licks and licks, pulling saliva from the back of his mouth, from the corners of his cheeks, to lave it all over Sherlock’s hand so he can jerk them off without friction.
Sherlock shakes his head, swallows and swallows, can't seem to get enough saliva to talk. John has to, he just can't not, and he pulls Sherlock up to standing, leans himself against Sherlock's entire body, their shoes overlapping, and kisses his throat, the hollow under his jaw, his earlobe. "I love you. And I'll never call you beautiful again if you don't like it."
John kisses him in reply, and then flips open the cap on the lube bottle, slicks his fingers. “On your back for me, sweetheart.”
Sherlock’s wounded eyes had turned on him, grey and golden and lovely, making John feel horrible for having said that.
Neither of them seem able to think of a proper response to that, and Harry doesn’t seem to expect one. She brushes a hand over the tiled wall.
As he tossed the cigarette down to the kerb, he saw the contact from the other day sitting in the diner with a mousey blonde haired guy. Must have been the guy on the phone.
John's looking at him with sympathy, and it's too much. He can't stand to see that look in John's eyes, it's too akin to pity. He looks away, walks to the window with his back to John. John clears his throat.
“It’s...interesting. I have vague recollections of people trying to make me listen to this at some godawful parties when I was about fifteen.” Sherlock’s own teen years were about as opposite from John’s as it was possible to be. Lonely and awkward, spending most of his time alone or with his parents. Mycroft had been off at uni, so he didn’t even have him for companionship at the time. Invitations to parties had been rare, the reality of attending them uncomfortable and tedious.
His hand flew to cover his mouth as his chest heaved. All he could hear was the crunch of his shoes grinding into the broken pavement, and his own ragged breaths. The watch laid in his hand, accusatory and heavy.
“Oh, baby, yes, I want to touch you,” John slips his hand from Sherlock’s waist down over his belly, and takes him in hand. Sherlock bucks and whines, the sound of his pleasure spurring John to finally quicken the pumping of his hips.
He jolts up, which isn’t particularly easy in the huge squashy armchair he’s sitting in. He must have fallen asleep watching the fire. “Um.”
“Alright, cutie, I’m comin’, I’m comin’.” He slid in and right up to John, looping an arm around his shoulders. “Knew you’d be back.”
John presses his tongue into the warm hollow behind Sherlock’s ear, and noses against his hair. “You’re
"I'll never wear it." John reached in and rubbed a soft leather strap between his thumb and forefinger.
John’s patience was on the wane. He ground his back teeth together and did his best to not look murderous. “I forget what Americans call it. The back - the…”
“No, Sherlock. No way. Absolutely not.” John says for probably the twentieth time, shaking his head and staring out the window down into Baker Street. His eyes are red and raw, from lack of sleep, from crying. He digs his thumbs into his tear ducts and rubs in little circles.
“You the cousin?” Accent somewhat muddled. Maybe from Essex. Definitely working class. Maybe the first in his family not to do manual labour.
“Alright…” Sherlock shifts, leans forward so their faces are merely inches apart. “What regret would you have. If I happened to be unlucky enough to fall off a third building.”
A sweet warmth suffuses through him that has nothing to do with the hot mug in his hands. He feels guilty for having doubted Sherlock for even a second. Of course Sherlock’s just running late. Not standing him up. Biting back a huge grin and trying not to look like a totally lovesick fool, he wipes his sweaty hands on his jeans before he replies.
He pulls John’s sleeping body closer against him and buries his face between his shoulder blades. John makes a gruff sleepy noise and flails one arm blindly backwards, half slapping, half caressing, Sherlock’s thigh. The thought of leaving this, of leaving John, even for the purpose of preserving this wondrous thing they’ve made together, hurts down to the marrow.
“Yeah,” John tips Sherlock’s chin up with two fingers, kisses him so sweetly that it hurts. “I love you.
After long stretched out minutes, Sherlock stirs, turns his face up, rubs his nose into John's neck. "I missed your smell."
John was sprawled across the bed diagonally, his left leg hanging off, socked foot brushing the floor. He was wearing a dark tee shirt and red boxers, his beard was auburn in the yellowy light of the bedside lamp. Sherlock tossed the jeans into the hamper and pulled a folded blanket from the closet. He laid it gently over John and pressed a kiss to his temple, allowing his lips to linger enough to feel John’s pulse thumping comfortingly.
The boy from the council housing, the boy he wasn’t supposed to be seeing. The sneaking made it sexier, dangerous. Jim’s naked outline, standing at the window smoking, staring down at the lush green gardens, angry. He was always angry. Or bored. Looking into those cold eyes now, Sherlock couldn’t understand now how he’d ever thought...
He shuffles into the sitting room, munching a piece of buttered toast, and grabs his phone from the seat of his chair.
“Good.” John presses a kiss into Sherlock’s hair and rocks up so he’s sitting across Sherlock’s thighs with his toes tucked under his calves. He runs a hand down the worn olive drab cotton of Sherlock’s borrowed tee shirt, over his peaked nipples, grinning as the touch makes Sherlock arch and bite into his lip with a moan. “I’m going to make you feel amazing, beautiful.”
"I am too." It aches, the fondness, the love, the intensity of how much love he has for this perfect, brilliant, needy, damaged man between his thighs. "You. You did that. You clever, perfect boy. You gave me this, you opened my eyes. I love you."
Sherlock isn't in his subspace yet, isn't immediately obedient as he would be there. "Let me just clear off the sofa, and -"
John giggles softly. “Yeah. It’s brand new though. Doesn’t have any water hookups yet, so no one can use it. It’s nice and clean.”
Sherlock sank back on the bed as John flipped the bedside light on and knelt beside him. “I need to see you.”
Finally Lestrade meets his eye again. "Alright, Sherlock. I probably shouldn't be, no, I know I shouldn't be, but... I'm listening. Tell me your plan."
“I’ve never. Never had anyone want to - “ He closes his eyes, ashamed at how tremulous his voice is, unable to meet John’s piercing stare anymore. “Take care of me.”
There's a lump in his throat. Just a physical reaction to stress, the glottis opening to allow more air. It doesn't
John’s heart practically soars into his throat. Sherlock can’t possibly be saying what it sounds like he’s saying. John jerks up out of the water, sloshing some over the side and wetting the thigh of Sherlock’s trousers.
, but allows John to witness him like this, boneless and begging, and to see him in the tranquility of afterwards, all soft edges and rosy cheeks.
“Well. I suppose some of it is I’m just really fucking tired, and a bit...afraid. I did almost get murdered and thrown into a lake a few days ago, so. My life has been such utter shit, Sherlock, I don’t think you can possibly...I’m
Sherlock closes a hand around John's wrist and John lets him direct his hand, pushing it down so John can cup his hand around Sherlock's bollocks and cradle them and rub his perineum. Sherlock jerks and moans and squeezes his legs together around John's hand, then lets them fall open. John lets his middle finger trace back, questioning, and Sherlock pushes down and spreads his legs wider.
Sherlock reemerged, carrying John's old oatmeal jumper, a pair of soft jeans, a folded pair of grey trousers, a button down, and a few towels. He set a towel and John's clothes down next to him. "Come on, let's get dried off, and then tea."
John can practically hear the gears turning in Sherlock’s head while he’s doing the dishes, and has one of those moments where he actually wishes he could control what goes on in Sherlock’s mind. He wishes he didn’t have those moments, where he imagines how beautiful it would be if Sherlock submitted to him entirely, never had a thought except the ones John put there, was obedient and compliant constantly. He doesn’t
John steps out of the cab and looks up, his eyes drifting over the white stone facade, the ironwork balustrade, the massive first story windows. “This place is huge.”
We had kissed, of course, more or less constantly since you’d come home. Kissed quick and casual as we said goodbye while you pulled the front door shut. Kissed gentle and slow with your hands up my shirt against the kitchen counter. Kissed fierce and hungry half drunk in the back of a cab. Kissed until my mouth was burning from your tongue and my scalp stung from your hands in my hair, half undressed on the sofa in the blue flickering light of the telly.
"Okay? Do you want me to stop?" John says, moving his hand slow, slow, up and down Sherlock's cock, nuzzling and kissing at the triangle of hip above the stretched elastic of his boxers.
The minutes drag on, John sitting at the table silently, Sherlock mute. John can see the anger behind his eyes, the confusion. Underneath all the arrogance, the bravado, Sherlock is profoundly insecure, so crippled by self doubt that it takes very little to tip him over the edge. Things have gotten better, John’s unwavering love has filled in a bit of the deep well of self loathing, but it’s not always enough. Probably won't ever be. And this. This is what he does. This is who he is. Solve the case. Catch the criminal. This is the only space in his life in which he's always confident.
"God, you fucking little slut. You want it hard, you'll get it so hard I'll give you fucking bruises." John drops his hands to the mattress and leans forward to give himself some leverage. He curls one hand around the braided lead and yanks hard enough to pull the collar taut against Sherlock's throat. Sherlock throws his bound wrists over John's head and claws at the back of his neck as John drives into him.
He lights another and another, smoking and staring blankly into Baker Street until the sky is turning purple with the first hints of sunrise and he can smell the day's first pots of coffee brewing at Speedy's. He washes the reek of tobacco smoke off his hands and face, and stares at his own grey reflection in the mirror before he slips back into bed with John. It’s nearly five, Sherlock registers foggily as John rolls over with a throaty hum and instinctively opens his arms, pulling Sherlock snug against his chest.
John takes them in with his eyes fixed intently on Sherlock's, brings his tongue up and over them, licking round his knuckles and in between, and sucks hard, little breathy moans escaping him. His eyelids flutter shut, long lashes resting on his cheeks.
, John?" Sherlock says this as if John never has any right to be anywhere except in the flat, waiting for Sherlock. Which, on reflection, is probably exactly what he does think, and close enough to what John thinks himself, so it's fine. It's more than fine, it's good.
Sherlock’s grip around him tightens, and John’s consciousness wavers for a microsecond, whiteness at the edges of his vision as every muscle in his body spasms and Sherlock’s voice is rough at his ear, “That’s it, let it all out, everything you’ve been holding back, come on, John. Scream for me, scream.” Sherlock punctuates the last word with a sharp thrust of his hips, and John obeys, howling raggedly against their entwined arms as he pulses hot over Sherlock’s fingers and shakes and shakes and shakes. John's howls fade into quiet sobs and then into silence. The only sound in the alley now is the slap of their flesh, echoing in the empty corners of the dead end.
"Shut the fuck up, the both of you." John's buzz was abruptly dulling into an annoyed headache. Sherlock was off god knows where, without him, while he was tired and sore and trying to have fun, and now his friends were cracking gay jokes. Fucking lovely. He gritted his teeth and turned to Tommy with a tight jaw. “Seriously, that’s not funny, alright?”
“You don’t remember?” Sherlock’s beautiful face crumples as he sits gingerly on the edge of the bed and takes John’s hand between both of his. His skin is clammy and cold, evidence of little sleep, no shower, bad hospital canteen food.
Sherlock took John in his mouth again, his cock heavy and salty sweet against his tongue, and slid one finger into the welcoming tightness of John’s body. John clenched around him and rocked his hips up and back, smearing precome across Sherlock’s palate as the head of his cock bumped against Sherlock’s throat.
Sherlock closed the front door gently. Baker Street was dead quiet, only the occasional clank of the heat pipes disrupting the silence. He toed off his shoes and tucked them against the wall under the coat rack, and swept the Belstaff off his shoulders. Hanging it between Mrs Hudson’s rose coloured macintosh and John’s black shooting jacket, his highly attuned nose twitched, detecting an out of place smell. Leaning forward, he ran his nose along the collar of John’s jacket. It reeked of beer, with faint undertones of sweat and cigarette smoke.
As he breathes steadily against John’s chest, a kind of sleepy calm falls over him, unable to find it in himself to be bothered about how he’s gotten here, or why. There’ll be time later to sort this through, but right now the flat’s cosy and John’s twirling a lock of his hair lazily between two fingers, and very little beyond that seems important.
Lestrade clears his throat and Molly and Sherlock break apart, Molly tucking her arm around Sherlock’s elbow and beaming up at him.
So it came as a surprise one chilly winter evening, snuggled cosily in the sitting room watching a Doctor Who marathon, when John mentioned he was thinking of growing a beard.
“No. Our first date was quite a while ago. Don’t you remember?” Sherlock helped John swing his legs over the side of the bed, and wrapped his arms around John’s back as he lowered him into the seat. He put the IV tower in John’s hand and started out the door.
He had tried more than once, with shaking hands, his entire body weak with grief. Pressed against his temple, in his mouth, against his jugular. Right against his heart. He just couldn’t pull the trigger. He could kill other people, but not himself. Coward.
He fits in his body, in his soul, in places no one’s ever fit before. John’s filled up all the emptiness. The only person, the only anything, that ever has.
"I know, baby, I know. I feel the same." Sherlock nuzzles his nose against John's and closes his eyes, forgetting Mrs Hudson might return at any moment, forgetting anything outside of the sound of John's breathing and the feeling of his face between Sherlock's hands. His head feels light, like when he's high. John is the drug now. He doesn't need anything else. "God, I was so. When you were laying there, I mean. Bleeding. I thought..."
"Excuse me, how much is the honey?" An apple cheeked young mother with a chunky toddler smiles down at them.
"John -" A coil of arousal was building low in his pelvis, his thighs going hot. There seemed to be no end to this want inside him, this profound need for John, all the time. He never had enough, even after nearly three years of being together this way, the want never abated.
associated with sex. Feelings are difficult, heartbreaking, consuming. But he'd known the moment he saw John's compact body moving assuredly through that crowd of drunken fools, that John would be more than a one off fuck in the loo. Or he’d at least hoped. Feelings are probably unavoidable at this point.
Lester cleared his throat, and crossed the room to open the window. A rush of frigid air blew in, snowflakes dancing in the wind and settling on the bedsheets. Lester settled back next to the bed and cleared his throat.
He hurt, from his skin to his bones, he ached with the pain of just being alive. He had no time to be polite.
He blinks, aching from the sudden influx of light. The walls are startlingly white. Sunshine streams over every surface. It’s blinding. He shuts his eyes again and listens. Gradually he becomes aware of a muted beeping noise, the shuffle of feet against a lino floor, hushed voices.
Now that he knows John’s going to live, the fear and shock is changing over to anger. A ball of red hot fury making his shoulders clench tight.
The three of them settle on the couch together, John on his left, Molly on his right. It’s perfect, it’s his family, the family he’s made for himself, and he chokes down an overwhelmed sob as John’s fingers tangle with his own.
As the group makes their way out the front door, they carefully avoid looking John and Sherlock’s way. The door slams shut behind them and Sherlock slowly twists to peer up and out of the small dusty window above their booth.
"Oh, Sherlock had a - case." John squinted at the pint, his head heavy. "That's my fourth pint, mate. I think I need to slow down."
- the elements Sherlock needed to live, flowing into John’s body. It was hypnotic, the taste, the smell, just the idea of it. He sucked harder, running the tip of his tongue along the edge of the cut, blackness filling in his vision.
"Mmmm." John hums, running his hands over Sherlock's bare legs, coarse brown hairs and chapped winter skin. His ankles are rough. "All the time. Especially when we had a row."
Sherlock’s fingers tighten in John’s hair. All he can muster in reply is a strangled whimper and a stiff nod.
.” Sherlock relished the power in those words, watching as John's hips jumped and he squeezed his cock, mouth dropping open.
want to, though, and that's the most unsettling part, the part he can't wrap his mind around. It's never once been this. Even when Sherlock's fucking him, John's in control. This is completely out of the realm of John's understanding of their sex dynamics, but all he can really think about right now is Sherlock hot and hard against his bare arse, and how much he wants this.
“I am so sorry. I don’t know how else to...can I...can I, please?” Sherlock’s voice wobbled. John had never heard him sound so hesitant before.
“That’s. That’s perfect, actually.” John crawls up over Sherlock, doesn’t so much lay beside him as half on top of him, his left leg crooked over Sherlock’s hips, his left arm curled against Sherlock’s stomach, his face propped up on his bent right arm. “I always knew you’d be a cuddler.”
“If I’d known baking bread was all it took to get you so sentimental, I’d have banned the activity years ago.” Sherlock’s smiling, though, and John knows how touched he is.
Sherlock nods, and sets down the jar he's been filling. He threads his sticky fingers through John's. "Yes. Yes, this is home."
John’s body gleams golden in the grey room, lit up as though he’s the human embodiment of the sun itself. His skin blushing pink down to his navel with arousal and heat both, his cheeks ruddy, the ropey muscles in his forearms glistening.
“If he puts a hand on you, I’ll kill him.” John’s lips brush Sherlock’s earlobe as he pulls back, his eyes as rough and untamed as a summer storm.
Sherlock rubbed gently at the back of John’s sweat slick neck and hummed. “I never do understand your reticence about other people knowing about our sex life. Because really, John, I think it’s rather something to be proud of.”
"Well, you're not the most observant of people." Sherlock smiles, a real smile, soft and fond, and John feels something loosen in his chest.
Alchemy squirms up from under his jacket collar and drops down onto his lap, looking around curiously.
“Oh, John.” Sherlock whispers as if he’s in pain, and his arms slip off John’s shoulders to wrap firmly around his waist. “I had no idea. I thought - well, at first I thought you truly would never want to talk to me again. You were so angry.”
‘’No, I didn’t. Rude of me.” Sherlock tucks himself back into his pants, realising how disgusting and sticky they both are. “Ugh.”
"Sherlock. Yes, you might. And if you do, you'll use that safeword and we'll stop, or we will never do this again, do you hear me?"
God, what they have been through. And it’s not even close to being over yet. The last few days have been an interlude, the interval between the bloody first and second acts.
“Nothing. Same thing it’s always been. I just fucking love you like mad.” John says it unabashedly, uncautiously, loudly - still vaguely surprised at the ease with which the words come out now, after all the years of not saying it. After all the times he said it only to himself, curled alone in his bed, or worse, in Sherlock’s dusty abandoned one, weeping and miserable. Now the words are sweet as sugar, warm as honey, melting over his tongue.
“Always.” John ends the kiss nudging their noses together and draws his thumb over Sherlock’s cheekbone. “You gorgeous creature.”
“Oh, Christ, me too. I missed you so much this week. So fucking much.” John sits up, and drinks in the sight of Sherlock reclined on the sofa, kissed breathless, his cheeks flushed and glowing, his throat already reddened by bruises and bitemarks, “You are so beautiful."
, Sherlock realises abruptly, his eyes darting to the two nightshirts hung on the back of the door, to the two flannel cloths next to the wash basin, to the two mashed down pillows, the stacks of books on both nightstands, the now obvious evidence of two people sleeping in this bed every night.
“Hey.” John looks well scrubbed and a little sleepy, blonde end of the day stubble rough along his jaw, his blue eyes puffy. He grins down at Sherlock crookedly and then looks to Mike and the rest. “Mind if I steal Sherlock for a bit?”
“Come down here,” Sherlock tugged at John’s hands, loosening them from his body, and pulled him down to lay against Sherlock’s come spattered chest. John obeyed, sinking weakly against Sherlock, his body heavy and spent. Sherlock laid his hand against John’s neck, pressed his sticky thumb into the place where John's heartbeat was still galloping, and let himself revel in the aftershocks, the shivers of pleasure still twitching down his muscles, the warm floaty sensation in his limbs, the heaviness of his eyelids.
The Great Hall isn’t as bustling in the mornings as it is during dinner. Breakfast - especially on the weekends - is more of a ragtag meal, people drifting in as they wake up, some students skipping it altogether. John isn’t here, Sherlock immediately registers, annoyed with himself for the disappointment that makes his stomach drop. Rolling his eyes at his idiocy, he grabs a platter stacked with toast and takes four slices. Mike pours coffee for both of them and passes Sherlock the sugar.
“You are far too talented with that mouth. I was - well, I almost ruined our plans for welcoming home our new chair.” He licked at his own mouth, slow and sinful.
“Okay.” John can’t stop smiling, and then Sherlock can’t stop smiling, and it’s one of those perfect moments when everything stops, the rain dripping slowly off the weathered eaves, the smell of the bread rising, the heat of the oven wrapping round their legs.
- onto Sherlock’s cock. Flames licked through John’s veins as Sherlock filled him up, longer and thicker than the plug, the beautiful velvet slide of his foreskin as he rocked.
. A flick of wet, tensed tongue against that sensitive furl of skin, a quick poke inward, then a long languorous pass from perineum to sacrum, John vibrating his lips against Sherlock's skin.
“Good, because I don’t think I can bear much more.” I wriggled back against him, desperate to make him
Sherlock almost blacks out, his spine arcing up like a live wire as John circles his finger over and over in the same spot -
“I am.” The assertiveness in his own voice startled him. He tried again. “Yes, I mean, he’s my...friend.”
Sherlock wanted to know everything about John, and usually believed that he actually did. He knew that the scar on John's left knee was from a shard of glass on a rugby pitch when John was thirteen. He knew that John liked very much to be woken at six in the morning to have sex, but would clap Sherlock soundly round the ears for trying the same in the middle of the night.  He knew John preferred sugar over honey in his tea. He knew that John's absolute favourite book was
John looked up at him, eyes drifting to Sherlock’s mouth. Well, there’s my invitation, Sherlock thought, and leaned forward. The angle was awkward, but John tipped his chin up, and Sherlock pressed their mouths together, his fingers softly resting against John’s throat. This kiss was different from last night. John wasn’t so hesitant, wasn’t so exhausted and drained. There was heat infused in this kiss now, and a shivery gasp exhaled through John’s parted lips into Sherlock’s mouth. A tremor curled over his scalp and down his neck, and he licked wonderingly at John’s tongue, not at all sure where they were going with this.
- about your past, with women, with men, nothing. We should talk about this stuff. It’s what people do when they’re together, when they’re - in love.”
, what then? Sherlock would never leave him, never abandon him like this, he was sure - had always been sure. Now there was a sick horrible knot of fear in his gut. He could sense the rage boiling around the edges, like a kettle just ready to start screaming. If Sherlock was alive...where the fuck had he been all this time?
Sherlock has yet to reciprocate. He meets John’s frequent endearments with a nod and a pleased smile as he tilts his chin up for a kiss. Sherlock’s expressions of love come in actions rather than words. In everything that came before this, before what they are now, Sherlock’s proven the depth of his love to John a thousand times. He’s taken bullets and vicious whippings, broken bones and shredded tendons. His body is a maze of scars, a story of pain and suffering all to protect the life and happiness of ordinary little John Watson.
“Yeah?” John licks at Sherlock’s bollocks, casually, as though he’s just doing it because he’s waiting and they happen to be there. He’s pulling his own cock lazily now, rubbing his thumb across the tip - shiny wet and
There’s a shifting of weight, a settling beside him on the tiny bench, a hand on his back. “He’s going to be just fine. Just fine.”
, and Sherlock whined low in his chest, the tension breaking over him as he pulsed hot over his trembling fingers. His hips lifted, arse muscles convulsing tight around John’s prick as he continued to come in thick streams sliding over his belly, waves of sensation coursing down his nerves and crackling electric across his skin.
John lays his face flush against the hollow of Sherlock’s hip, brushes his lips back and forth, back and forth, unhurriedly, over the swell of bone. It makes Sherlock’s entire body twitch, his arse clenching as his pelvis tilts. He wants more, more of everything, he doesn’t even know how to name what it is he wants - his head filled with a jumble of words that amount to
“What?” John’s entire face furrows in confusion, somehow managing to look half amused and desperately sad at the same time.
John nuzzles his nose against Sherlock’s knee, drags it over his thigh and up to his groin, his eyes still closed. He looks so sad, and Sherlock doesn’t know what to do with this, he just doesn’t
He sucked in a hard breath, the air cold in his lungs. He stood there for a few seconds longer, as though if he stared long enough, John would know he was there.
Sherlock tries to shake his head, and John isn't sure whether it's apology or not, but he doesn't allow Sherlock's mouth to move away from his long enough to find out. Sherlock makes a noise that's somewhere between a sob and a laugh, and it reverberates through John's lips and tongue and down his throat, and he can almost
John groans so low in his belly that Sherlock can feel the tremors inside, and his hands move up, scrabbling at Sherlock’s shoulders for something to hold on to. “Oh god, fuck that feels so good, you feel so good inside me.”
“No.” Sherlock sounds shocked. “Why would I have expected you to kiss me? You’re engaged to be married, John.”
“Uh...there’s a diner. Called Lou’s. It’s kind of where everyone meets in Bemidji. Meet you there. You’re supposed to text him when you get there.”
Oh God, that thought shouldn't be such a turn on, but it is, it really is. Sherlock slides his hand from John's hip around to take hold of his painfully hard prick. His hand is warm, so warm against John's exposed flesh, and he thumbs over the slit, spreading precome over the head, and then starts stroking him firmly in counterpoint to the rolling of his hips. John curls forward, the top of his head pressed against the wall, his stomach muscles contracting as he starts to come. "That's it, John. Tight, you're so
“Lester, I don’t think there’s another way to look at it. Those fuckers were going to throw me into a frozen lake to drown, and you stopped them from doing that. You saved my life.” For the first time since he watched that coat billowed through the air, John realised he was glad he wasn’t dead. He actually was relieved to be alive, to feel the pain in his lungs as he inhaled nicotine and his broken ribs moved, to feel the empty ache inside that reminded him Sherlock was still gone, and residing next to it, a small spark of hope that maybe he wasn’t. In that moment, John Watson didn’t want to die.
“Shall I keep going, then?” John arches an eyebrow at him, rubbing one hand gently over the firm muscle of his right thigh, and dips his head to nuzzle at the crease of his pelvis.
“Necessary to be so dramatic about it, John?” Sherlock said with a tentative smile, handing John the cold tea.
“Lestrade? Thoughts?” This is pointless. John is too blinded by jealousy and alpha male protectiveness to see the beautiful simplicity of playing on Jim’s deep seated belief that Sherlock will always come back to him in the end.
With a rough growl, Sherlock grips John around the hips and lifts him easily up off the counter, slamming him hard against the nearest wall. John arches, whining and shaking, and slices his fingernails into Sherlock’s shoulder blades so hard that he’s thankful he’s still wearing his shirt. John throws his head back and it hits the wall with a crack as Sherlock plants his feet and thrusts up, pistoning hard into John’s willing body.
John had stammered. He didn’t even realise at first exactly what the guy was talking about. As he watched him wiggle suggestively in front of him, he realised...and then the idea crystallised in his mind. He could. No one would know. He could take this man home, or to some seedy hotel, and pretend. Pretend for a couple blissed out hours that it was Sherlock.
Mycroft’s letter had come when Sherlock was just four years old. Their Muggle parents at first thought it was an elaborate prank arranged by the children who teased him so mercilessly at school. But when the letters went unanswered, Headmistress McGonagall showed up at their doorstep herself, explaining to the stunned Holmeses that Hogwarts was in fact a very real - and well-respected - school, and that both their boys were wizards. Sherlock had sat perched on his father’s knees, serenity and pride washing over him as he understood at last that all the strange things he and Mycroft could do together, all the powers Sherlock had never quite had control over, had a
Tommy opened his mouth before John could speak. "Love, this one doesn't even drive. If he did, it would be stick shift, anyway,
Sherlock’s breath leaves his lungs in a rush. Up close, he’s absolutely deadly gorgeous. Smoky black eyeliner accentuates complicated and intelligent ocean blue eyes, ridiculously long eyelashes made even longer with thick mascara, iridescent magenta sparkles smeared across his eyelids. An elfin nose swoops down into a perfectly upturned tip, below which his small pink mouth sparkles with shimmering clear lip gloss. His jaw is squared and defined, begging for a hot tongue dragging along the smooth bone. Beneath those rosebud pink lips, a deep cleft in his chin lends his face an undeniable masculinity that saves it from being too pretty, too feminine. A smattering of acne scars across his cheeks are the only imperfection, and somehow they suit him - his face wouldn’t be nearly as fascinating without.
“Where have you been all evening, hmmm?” John scratches a path through Sherlock’s hair, massaging the nape of his neck.
Sherlock had hurt a lot of people. Killed a few. They all deserved it, true, and he’d very little guilt about it. The fact remained that he’d hurt a lot of people, and the only time it had bothered him was when he thought about John’s response.
"Mmm. Here. Take a tenner, it's all I can spare. I don't want you to have to do that again tonight." John jerks his head in the direction the pedo drove off, holds out a ten pound note, shakes it when Sherlock doesn't reach for it. "Fucking take it. I'll just throw it on the ground and leave it there if you don't."
. Sherlock gently nudged him over so he could lay beside him. He gathered him to his chest as he had the night before, and rocked slowly from side to side. It seemed like a comforting thing to do. John wailed and wept, his hands in fists against Sherlock’s stomach.
every time I get in bed with her. Just feels wrong to be somewhere you’re not. I miss your goddamned icy feet on me. I miss your awful sugary tea. I miss you bursting into the loo when I’m in the shower. I miss you shouting at the postman out the window to bring the mail up. I miss your laziness. I miss coming home and finding you upside down on the sofa for no reason. I miss you insulting my blog. I just miss
Sherlock rubs one hand - slow - down John’s ribs and licks into his mouth, finds the curve of John’s hipbone and traces it with two fingers. John’s gorgeous leaking cock slips against his hip.
The money was miraculously still there. He scraped the contents of the box into a grimy reuseable Sainsbury's bag that he'd found stuffed in the end of his sleeping bag and then wrapped the bag in a ragged black hoodie. He stared for many minutes longer than he should have at the milk carton overturned on his heroin. He
He needs to touch him, see those blue eyes open wide, make him laugh. Thirty minutes is an eternity.
John sits on the edge of the bed with his hands pressed together between his knees. He's wearing just his pants and some old tee shirt he found in the dresser, which is about five sizes too big for him. His blonde hair sticking up spiky, his eyes sleepy. He looks like a primary schooler.
“Hello.” John smiles and drops his gaze, then looks back up at Sherlock through his lashes.  “I really should get back to work.”
A cab turns the corner and Sherlock hails it, hardly able to believe their luck at getting a cab this late. They slip in the back, John pressed up against Sherlock and shaking.
No. No, this isn’t how it’s supposed to go. They have important things to discuss. It can’t go this way.
"Mrs Hudson, this is lovely. We really can't thank you enough." John is already halfway through his bowl, and is busy dumping sugar cubes in his tea.
"Oh. Oh god." John blinks against the sensation of Sherlock's tongue dragging over the pulse point in his wrist, his mouth clamping down and sucking on that sensitive skin. John should probably tell him to stop, that they need to talk more about this, but his mind and his body are just saying
John climbs gingerly up the bed, arranges himself carefully in the narrow slice of mattress between Sherlock and the bed rail. Sherlock sighs and settles, moving down so he’s shorter than John, so he can lay his head against John’s shoulder. John hands him his coffee, and picks up a crumpled brown paper bag, spreads it across their pressed together thighs. They drink their now cooling coffee and eat four lemon muffins between them, leaving crumbs all over the sheets. Sherlock’s never felt more content in his life.
“John,” Sherlock murmurs, reaching up and brushing his fingertips over John’s moustache, tracing the outline of his mouth. He hitches his hips up, feels the warm wet slip of John’s cock against his stretched taut skin, and draws in a shuddering breath. “
"Oh, yeah?" Sherlock retracts his head so he can see the expression on John's face. He looks sinfully gorgeous, just a thin ring of blue visible at the edge of vast black pupils, his mouth puffy and smeared pink round the edges from being kissed, his hair sweat mussed and spiky. He's watching Sherlock expectantly. Sherlock leans forward, puts his lips to John's ear, "Well in that case, I do in fact want to split you apart. I want to break you open, see how you work. I want to catalogue every response you have to me touching you. I want to see what that little red mouth looks like stretched around me. I want to know how your come tastes different depending on what you ate that day. I want every molecule of your entire body to be mine and I want every molecule of my body to be yours and I want to be part of each other forever."
“That’s it, darling, that’s it,” John encourages, his hips snapping ferociously as his hand speeds up, dragging his palm over the head to spread Sherlock’s precome, gripping him lightly just the way Sherlock likes it.
A ripple of shock went through him at that, but he forced himself to not react, though his hands on John’s back shuddered still for just a moment. He knew that this conversation, right here,  was critical to everything that came after, and he must get it right.
John stepped into the open towel, hand still braced on the wall. Sherlock tucked it closed around John’s waist and slipped his left arm behind John’s bare back, still damp and warm from the shower. John seized his wrist, turned to Sherlock with a ferocity in his stormy blue eyes.
John inhaled slowly, careful not to strain his abdominal muscles. He blew out the smoke at the little telly mounted from the ceiling. He couldn’t look at Lester. “You saved my life, Lester, goddammit.”
Sherlock watches him from the other side of the room, eyes soft and docile. So beautiful. So brilliant. So needful and hungry for affection, for love. He cried on their wedding day. Wept. In front of everyone they knew, as John slipped the silver band around his finger, he sobbed, all the years of pent up emotion and love breaking over him like a wave. John had never seen anything more beautiful; which was exactly what he whispered in Sherlock's ear as he held him close and wiped the tears away.
“But John, I’m right there. I know it. It’s just --”  Sherlock tugs at his hair. He knows he’s feeling frantic, but it’s right. there. If only he could see it.
John was nude, stretched out on his stomach across the duvet, clothes in a haphazard pile next to the hearth. His body glowed golden brown in the firelight, shadows flickering over the swell of his perfect arse, the curves of taut thighs and muscular calves. He lifted his head and looked at Sherlock, eyes black and half closed. "You sure you still want me to put on the kilt?"
Sherlock muffles his laugh by pressing his face to John's shoulder as he takes himself in hand and parts John's legs with his knee. He pushes John's right cheek up with two fingers, presses into him just slightly. John arches and whimpers, the muscles in his back rippling, reaches back to wrap his hand around Sherlock's head.
John's feeling pleasantly drowsy himself now. He presses a few soft kisses to the top of Sherlock's head and then closes his eyes. Just as he's beginning to drift off, Sherlock's deep voice rumbles against his chest.
"You were fascinated by her." John sounds jealous, even standing here between Sherlock's legs, in their bedroom. He supposes he still is, a bit.
“Holmes?” Sherlock laughs and sits up, reaching over to turn on the side table light. “What are you on about?
“Shut up, Mike,” Sherlock snarls, trying to sound cross and not quite getting there. He flops down sulkily on the bleacher and avoids Mike’s eyes, but his face just won’t stop smiling, no matter how much he wills it to.
"Three, yeah." John nodded, and downed half the pint in one long draught. Fuck it, why not. Sherlock would be busy all night, Molly was assisting him. Why shouldn't he have fun with his teammates? He pulled out his wallet and tried to convince himself he was having fun. "I'll buy the next round."
"John, you already have. I told you, it's my pleasure." Mrs Hudson takes a sip of her tea and looks between them thoughtfully. "You know, there are a lot of people in this world who aren't very good people. In fact, I'd say most of the people I've met in my life just plain aren't very good. But they have homes and cars and jobs, because that's just how life worked out for them. And then there's good people for whom life hasn't worked out. Really good people. Who care and try and want to be kind, and things just haven't gone their way. When all they needed was a hand, someone to give them a chance to fix things for themselves. I don't find that to be particularly fair, if you want to know the truth. And I like to help people when I can. When I saw Sherlock, and how much he cared for you...I knew you had to be something special, too. So, if I can help put a few good souls back in the positive column, balance out the universe a little bit, well. All the better for me."
, feel how every centimeter of his body is throbbing with John’s presence, the heady scent of sex filling his nostrils, the thickness of John’s cock inside him, the sting of his skin stretching. It feels somehow as though his entire body is expanding, evaporating, under John’s tongue and fingers and blazing black eyes.
He wrenched his bags out, catching one on the lock as he pulled. It jerked free and something metallic and heavy came tumbling to the pavement. He closed the boot, and as the cabbie drove away, he crouched down and picked it up. He almost fell over, vomit rising in his throat, when he saw what it was. Sherlock’s watch. Jesus. Fuck, he didn’t even know how that had gotten in there. He thought he’d put it safely in the skull at Baker Street, to be there if he ever could go home.
They finish up late, the tube is closed, and for once they can't find a cab. It's a cool night, their blood is pumping from the case, so they decide to just walk. Nearly home at three in the morning, Sherlock suddenly stops and unceremoniously yanks John into a dead end alley in the middle of Marylebone, leads them back until the light from the streetlamp is no longer visible, and shoves him face first against the wall. John gasps out a "Sherlock, what're you -"
Sherlock scrabbles for the door handle, can’t find it. Gets a handful of velour and fake wood paneling, the wood coming away in his fingers. He can’t breathe. Got to find a way out.
He crosses to the bed in two strides, and lowers himself beside Sherlock. “Hey, baby, I’m sorry. I didn’t think you’d wake up before I had breakfast and whatnot. You hungry?”
trying to get Sherlock to understand. It’s his turn to do a bit of the heavy lifting in this relationship. He runs his thumb along the edge of John’s bottom lip.
John started laughing. He started and he couldn't stop. He didn't know if it was exhaustion or the endorphins or what, but it welled up from deep inside him and he laughed until he was crying, Sherlock staring at him bemusedly the entire time. Finally he wiped his eyes and took a deep breath. Sherlock cocked an eyebrow at him. He kissed Sherlock's lips, his eyes, his chin, and then flipped over, burrowing back into Sherlock's chest and gathering his arms around him.
John thinks he’s never in their lives been fonder, more protective and possessive of Sherlock, than he is right now. He would do anything to preserve this kind of happiness, which has been - historically - precarious and ephemeral. Now it can take shape. Root and grow and become something solid, this calmness between them.
Even from the across the span of the entire room, Sherlock can see his laughing eyes, the way he lingers at the doorway. Sherlock lifts his hand to wave, and then John’s gone, shepherded out by Albus and Greg. Sherlock’s heart is hammering.
the anger folding in on itself, clicking into place inside him and settling, becoming a permanent part of him. John’s so good, he’s so
"No, love. What are you doing? Don't turn it off. I wasn't --" John's lips against his pulse now, but not overtly sexual, just warm, gentle, the feeling a glowing light inside Sherlock not unlike the presence of John himself. "Read your book. Read it to me."
“Good.” John says with finality, and draws Sherlock down until his head goes against John’s chest and John’s arm goes round his back, and he feels small and tired and doesn’t want to do anything outside of lay naked in John’s arms and
John smirked at him. “Can I pick you up and spin you around when we win a big tourney? Run across the pitch and snog the
We don’t talk about anything that happened before, before that first night when I was home again. Remember? I said I was going to bed, and you smiled at me, the glow of the laptop reflecting in your hair, and said
"Yes, of course, sweetheart. Of course. I wouldn't leave you alone." John pulls the covers back, arranges the pillows, and lays down.
Sherlock smiles softly, blinks, and opens the door wider. "Hi. Thought you might be awake. Dinner's almost ready."
John looks down at the floor, looks back up at Sherlock from under his lashes. His mood has changed. Harry’s taken their ease, their calm, with her, and now the pressure’s returned. Sherlock remembers to lock the window.
keep their hands off each other. The last time John had this much sex, he was twenty two, fresh out of boot camp and overflowing with testosterone. Then, it was anyone. Everyone.
“Well, hello,” I murmured appreciatively, stopping mid-stride to admire the beauty and strength of John’s body. He was muscular, but not overly so, his thighs lean and toned, his shoulders broad and thick, his stomach curved out just enough to make him self conscious about it, though I had told him more than once how there was nothing more glorious in the world to me than the feeling of his belly under my cheek. My eyes roamed over the multitude of his scars, gleaned from boyhood rugby pitches and desert foxholes, from scaling London brick walls in the dead of night, and one that was noticeably newer than the rest, white and shiny and running the length of his forearm, that he'd gotten from falling out of a boat into the Thames last autumn as we chased a suspect. His life was written on his body, and I worshipped every moment, every inch.
A stillness moves through them, hands heavy on each other’s waists, their feet and ankles entangled. John’s ankle bone is digging into the soft fleshy part of Sherlock’s calf. He doesn’t ask him to move. They just breathe into each other’s spaces, listening to the creaks and groans of the house, the quiet hum of the traffic out front. It’s like being suspended in a dream.
“More than alright. Amazing. It’s not that I...I mean I want to. God, I've wanted to forever. I just...I can’t...we can’t...I mean, I physically can’t.” John’s face was ruddy, his eyes a bit glazed. He bit nervously at the inside of his lip. “Nevermind that we’re in a hospital bed, I’ve got mob hitmen trying to kill me, and I still don’t know where the bloody hell you were for the last two years or why the fuck you faked suicide right in front of me and lied to me and left me to grieve. I’m grateful as
"Not as asleep as you thought." John opens one eye and cocks a grin. "If you think, after spending a week alone in this bed, that I'm going to let you just get up and leave me after fifteen minutes...No. You're staying right here with me."
Our romantic and sexual relationship being a fairly recent development, after having been subverted for so long, our passion for one another burned hot and constant. We could barely sometimes make it safely in the front door of our flat, though we knew we had to. I had been pressed up against the back of that door more times than I could count, John’s hands plucking frustratedly at my buttons, his mouth raising red marks just under my collar, as we rutted and groaned, kissing messily and clinging to each other in our desperation.
The way they touch each other is both brutal and gentle, long scrapes of fingernails on bare skin, urgent soft kisses along stubbly jaws, John pushing both of Sherlock’s hands above his head as Sherlock moans and whines and cants his hips desperately against John’s thigh, and it’s still not enough. It’s not enough when Sherlock dips exploring fingers inside John’s pants and pulls his cock out with a gasp that sounds like wonder and John bites into the end of his tongue. It’s not enough when Sherlock spins them so John’s the one against the wall, and slams into him so hard he can’t breathe for a moment, and begs hoarsely, “I want to,
They turn the corner onto Oxford Street, already brimming with posh shoppers and wide eyed tourists. The shop in question is at the corner of Regent Street, and it’s been cordoned off with crime scene tape, emergency vehicles blocking the sidewalk. DI Montague happens to see them walking up, and she waves them over.
Sherlock opens his mouth to respond as viciously as he can that this is absolutely none of Molly’s business and if she doesn’t damned well play the game instead of moon over boys, he’s going to bed, but before he can speak, he’s interrupted by a furious tapping at one of the small round windows that ring the Hufflepuff common room.
"No. You go find the firewood. I have a sneaking suspicion that for all it's appearances of modernity, that fireplace may be the only source of heat in this cottage. I don't see any thermostat or heating controls, do you?" Sherlock realised - now that they were standing more than a few inches apart - that they could actually see their breath in the air. It was probably less than 10 degrees inside.
anywhere, Sherlock. You have to stop waiting for this to end.” John lowers his face to Sherlock’s stomach, his cheek laying in the hollow of his hipbone. “Stop treating me like we don’t belong to each other.”
They’re trundling down New Kent Road, past high rise estates and takeaways, shops shuttered with aluminium doors, the wind swirling the rubbish in the gutters. The street’s jammed with people, and Sherlock wonders why, until he realises it’s Saturday night. Days of the week lose all meaning in the street, he hasn’t bothered keeping track in months. But it’s Saturday, and everyone’s going out to have fun, pretend the world isn’t awful and dark for a few hours. Dance and drink and fuck and forget about it.
John’s hands slid down Sherlock’s arms, unbuttoned his cuffs, unbuttoned his shirt, pushed it off his shoulders with flat dry palms grazing over Sherlock’s skin. “So lovely,” he murmured, bent his head to Sherlock's bare chest and nuzzled his face in a slow circle, the scratch of his beard pulling a quiet whimper from Sherlock. He felt John's smile against his chest.
"How the fuck can you ask me that? How dare you fucking ask me that? As if everything in my life wasn't a goddamn train wreck as soon as I met you. And I embraced it. I threw myself into your life, I didn't even have one outside of you. I spent two years waiting for you to SEE me there. To realise that...that I was just...
“Yes, Professor?” John manages, extricating himself from Sherlock somehow and hauling them both to their feet. He’s suppressing laughter, the corner of his mouth twitching.
“Yes, John. We got him. It’s alright. Go back to sleep, John. I’ll be here.” Sherlock’s voice is so tender, so frayed from tension and exhaustion. The sound of it pulls at John’s heart, makes him want to wrap Sherlock in his arms and tell him it will be alright.
"I didn't know." Sherlock says, just as seriously, his hands climbing up into John's hair, cradling around his face.
When it’s over, John licks him very gently, cleaning him up through the aftershocks. There are red ovals on his hip from John’s fingers digging in, and John kisses each one, and then the freckle over the bone, and eases Sherlock down beside him. John rolls to his side and curls against Sherlock’s chest. “Good?”
John pushes a little further, and Sherlock's muscles are looser than they normally would be because he just came, and his body inside is so hot. His cock twitches a little, and he pushes down onto John's fingers while he watches John's hand pumping back and forth in the vee of his thighs.
"You've been through a lot this year. I realise that. Mary, the pregnancy being false." Sherlock falls silent.
I had. You made me think I had. And that thought tore.me.apart. I am in pieces, Sherlock. I don’t think you have any idea...you really don’t. What I’ve become. I hurt people. I
He watches John blow the oil lamp out, putting the room into almost complete blackness. He can’t even see John, only hear his soft padding footsteps coming closer to the bed. A sliver of pale moonlight cuts through the curtains, making an elongated triangle white on the floor. Sherlock’s eyes adjust as the bed dips down, he can make out the glowing pale edge of John’s face as his knee presses in along Sherlock’s hip.
“Good morning, good morning.” She entered backwards, her skirt catching on the rough worn wood of the doorframe, carrying our breakfast tray, laden with fresh scones, butter and jam, and tea. “I apologise for the lateness, Dr Watson, I didn’t wake at my usual time this morning.”
Sherlock smoothed John’s spiky hair, smeared perspiration off his forehead. John was looking up at him through his lashes, the silvery flecks in his cerulean irises illuminated by the firelight. The look in his eyes was intoxicatingly hungry, heavy with desire. His tongue darted out over his already wet lips.
Sherlock realised his face was turning pink. He cleared his throat, and sipped at his wine. "I'm recording how many times you laugh in a day. The reason, duration, and decibel level."
“It’s fine.” Sherlock turns his head and nuzzles into John’s hand, lips against his palm. “It won’t do to get up and run. We stay here, we take our time, like we don’t have a care in the world. I text my brother, we get an escort back to Baker Street.”
Finally John regains some sort of muscle control, though his limbs feel like lead weights, and he pushes up slowly on his elbows to look into Sherlock's eyes. Sherlock smiles at him languidly, his face smooth and young looking, more relaxed than John has ever seen him. His eyes soft, so soft and black and dark golden green.
Because you’re a good actor, Sherlock. Because you make disguises, out of your emotions, and you hide behind them. Because if you’d let John see how you felt about him, he would have left you. Because he’s not gay, and he doesn’t see you that way, never had. These were the things he'd told himself, as he was herded onto a plane and shuttled off in secret to track down Moriarty's web. John was left to grieve, but John was strong; he'd survive until they were together again.
Sherlock crawls his hand up to John's mouth and pushes two fingers in between his warm lips. "Suck."
“I do come up with a good one now and then.” John’s spread eagle on the top bunk. “I just knew a hostel would have showers and beds and free food in the morning. We can eat as much as we want. We can sit there until 10:30 and drink coffee and stuff ourselves full of rashers and tomatoes and beans on toast...god I’m fucking drooling just thinking about it.”
Then, with a flurry of movement so quick that Sherlock's eyes can't find something to focus on, Jim's leaping off the sofa, clearing the coffee table and pinning Sherlock against the wall by his throat.
“Well…” She hesitated, and glanced behind her. Seeing the corridor empty, she shrugged and beckoned John closer. “I’m not really supposed to, but.”
. Please, please...” Sherlock gasps out, barely audible, as he reaches his arms behind him and slips his hands under the headboard to hold on, his hips and spine undulating in one gorgeous fluid motion that makes John’s mouth water.
“But the thought of that disgusting piece of shit being anywhere near you makes me want to -” John stops himself, and spins in the circle of Sherlock’s arms, reaching up into Sherlock’s hair. His eyes are robin’s egg blue, as soft as the first kiss of a spring breeze. He twists one mahogany curl around his index finger and searches Sherlock’s face. “We’ll get through it, yeah? Tell me. Tell me we will. I just want to hear it.”
Sherlock's mouth drops open for just a second. "That was not at all what I was expecting you to say."
“Sh…” John tries, and finds his throat is too dry to talk. It rather feels as if he’s got gravel stuffed down his esophagus. He swallows, trying to loosen the muscle, and rasps out, “Sherlock?”
John stares at him, a lump of half chewed sandwich in his cheek. He looks disturbingly and rather adorably like a chipmunk. He considers Sherlock for a moment, then reaches down and takes the other half of the sandwich, dripping grease and cheese, holds it out to Sherlock. “Here.”
Sherlock is curled in his chair when John comes into the flat, scrubbing one large hand across the back of his head. He always looks impossibly tiny when he's in his thinking position. Delicate. Fragile. John knows he is fragile in so many ways. John's always been worried about breaking him, of asking too much. Asking him to open himself too much.
Before Sherlock can formulate a reply, there’s a firm rap at the door, followed by Mrs Hudson’s familiar, “Yoohoo!”
John threads their fingers together and pulls Sherlock, now placidly following him, through the sea of desks and people to where Greg and Sally and several faceless, nameless policemen are standing round the coffee pot whispering to each other.
“What’s wrong, John?” Sherlock jumped from his chair, immediately at attention, worry crinkling his brow. It made John’s heart hurt, the tenderness of him. The sight of him.
Silence enveloped them. John lay staring dully at the ceiling, gnawing the insides of his cheeks. Sherlock struggled to find the appropriate words. Words that wouldn’t wound, wouldn’t sound like a platitude. Finally, he cleared his throat. John didn’t look at him.
“I know that. I just...you know...sometimes it’s nice to talk to people. Even if they’re not your friends.”
So many nights they'd spent together in front of the crackling fire, Sherlock’s cold toes dug under his thigh on the sofa, neither of them saying anything about it, acting as if it were just incidental to sharing a small space. John could have just reached down and touched him, made clear what they were to each other. He could have pulled Sherlock’s feet onto his lap, cradled them against his stomach, rubbed a thumb along those perfectly high arches - the intimacy of that simple act would have told Sherlock everything about how John felt about him.
Mike goes on about Herbology, which Sherlock no longer takes, and he and Molly fall into a conversation about the essay they have due for Potions, on the complicated process of brewing Felix Felicis. The dinner plates magically disappear, replaced by pudding and coffee - Sherlock’s decidedly favourite parts of any meal - and he’s so busy digging into a particularly good chocolate gateau and talking to Molly that he nearly forgets all about John Watson.
Sherlock tries to remember how to form words as John’s mouth descends on his hipbone, scraping lightly across the hollows with his front teeth. “Iloveyoutoo,” he manages to slur out, drunk on endorphins, his skin buzzing. His head feels spun wide open as John pulls Sherlock’s skin between his teeth and rubs his nose soft over his iliac crest. Sherlock’s hands twist into the sheets.
He looked at Baker Street, at Sherlock standing there rain drenched and beautiful, curls sopping wet round his eyes, right where he's supposed to be, and not dead. Several people had gathered under the awning next door, cradling steaming takeaway coffees and now staring at John.
to help me think it through. If took me apart, if you gutted me, cracked open my rib cage and looked inside, the only thing there would be
in strident midwestern accents, trying to figure out where the nearest Starbucks is and assiduously avoiding looking at the two raggedly dirty teenage boys sitting suggestively close to each other and smoking continuously.
He drifts in and out, and each time he awakens, John is there. It could be a day, it could be weeks, he doesn’t know. It all bleeds into one. John feeds him applesauce and holds a straw to his lips so he can drink ice cold Coke, and metallic tasting water. He reads to him, mostly from The Guardian, and sometimes from the Daily Mail, just for a laugh. Mrs Hudson brings a case of John’s clothes, along with some books and his laptop. She cries over Sherlock and kisses his forehead, and he’s never been happier to see her.
“I don’t have the poetry in me that you do, but - just - know I feel the same. I could never be without you. Never could, not since the day we met.” John says, his lips brushing against Sherlock’s.
A tear slipped out and he snuffled, sick at himself for letting the damn thing have such an effect on him. He stuffed it away in his pocket and stood up. His mobile chimed again and he pulled it out as he wiped his face with the back of his hand.
“What you need now, honey?” A loathsome smile spread across her face, revealing crooked stained teeth.
There was a long stretch of silence behind me, and then a jostling as John propped himself up on his elbow and peered down at me. The wavering light from the lit oil lamp outside illuminated one side of his face, and I could just make out his crooked smile and the crinkling round his eyes.
“Just finish your fucking cigarette and get out. We’re not going to be friends here, alright?” John stubbed his own out in the disposable aluminium ashtray on the bedside table and flipped over, turning his back on him.
"Thank you. I hope so. You know I'm not the best cook, but. Pasta's fairly difficult to destroy, right? Do you want to get a shower before we eat?"
Sherlock moans and pushes back into John’s hand and then forward into John’s mouth, and John pushes his fingers in a little farther, until he can feel the pucker of skin against his index finger, and Sherlock pushes harder until the tip of John’s finger dips just inside. John ends up smiling around Sherlock’s cock, which makes Sherlock laugh low down in his chest and pull at John's hair. John pets between Sherlock’s legs, stroking his perineum in circles and passing a flat palm over his testicles, then down the insides of his thighs as he sucks and licks and hums. Sherlock thickens again, and John doesn’t pull off this time. He quickens his movements and thrusts his tongue at the base, salty and wet with saliva. Sherlock’s fingers tighten and he yanks John’s face forward, whispering, “Oh god, oh god, oh god,” and the first flood into John’s mouth is much more than he was expecting, and he gags a little as Sherlock keeps coming, hot and thick over his tongue and filling the space between his gums and his cheeks and he swallows and swallows as Sherlock quivers to pieces above him.
Only then did John drag his mouth up Sherlock’s throat and capture his lips again, kissing him so gently and sweetly that tears bloomed at the edges of Sherlock’s vision. John’s noises were throaty and hoarse now, the thrust of his hips becoming uncoordinated. Sherlock could feel John’s thigh muscles stiffening against him, his cock swelling inside him. Sherlock took hold of John’s other hand, threaded their fingers together and raised it above his head alongside their other entwined hands. John grunted roughly and pinned both Sherlock’s hands, pushing them into the bed. He pushed forward with a guttural groan, his head flew up, neck arching, every tendon standing out. Sherlock watched as his long blonde lashes fluttered, his mouth fell open and he caught his bottom lip in his teeth.
"I feel the same. You're my one and only, sweetheart." Feeling calmer than he has in perhaps his entire life, John understands now what they've been working towards all these months. Balance. Equilibrium. Pain and pleasure in equal measure. The release they both need within the carefully constructed boundaries of this life they've made together. This is who they are. This is who John is. Without fear, and without reservation.
"Yeah. I know the feeling." John holds out his own barely half empty glass and Sherlock fills it to the brim. "Well, now. That ought to see us through, yeah?"
It was dark. He rolled his neck and peered at the bedside clock. 9:08pm. Christ, he'd slept the entire damn day. No wonder Sherlock had gotten out of bed.
"Sherlock." John taps his fingertips over Sherlock's spine one vertebrae at a time, his cheek pressed against Sherlock's shoulder. "That's the title page, love."
"Yes, we can talk about that later. It looks to be a rather drawn out affair. A four at most, more like a three and a half. Wasn't really necessary for me to go out this morning. I should have stayed in bed with you."
” Sherlock’s not at his best when John’s not at his, that brilliant brain scrambled by emotion. He needs an anchor. John pats the sofa cushion and crooks his index finger at Sherlock. “Come sit with me.”
“I know. I remember everything you’ve ever said, too. Even though I’m not a genius.” John moves one hand up Sherlock’s coat, the familiar roughness of the wool catching on the dry winter skin of his fingertips. He allows the pad of his thumb to rest against the bare skin just above the collar of Sherlock’s shirt.
through his veins, from the sparking white heat in his nerves. His skin prickles everywhere, tiny stars exploding in every cell - it feels like it doesn’t fit anymore, too tight.
John smoothes both hands over Sherlock's quivering stomach. "Shhhh. It's alright. We're taking it slow, remember?"
Sherlock just stares into the hearth, his fingers tented under his nose, his mind a whirl of noise and clutter. He’s got to sort out what he’s going to do. Normally he doesn’t question Mycroft, not really. He teases and snarks, pretends that Mycroft’s a moron, but he’s never serious.
"You are driving me mad, my boy, absolutely mad," John whispered, in tones both gruff and desperate.
A very slight flush crawls up John’s cheeks. It’s been a week. They normally have sex at least once a day, sometimes more. He’s tipsy and warm, and Sherlock’s toes are wiggling under his arse, and they're talking about sex. A warm tingle trickles down the back of his neck and spreads across his shoulder blades. “You know I may not be able to keep my hands to myself if we have this conversation.”
"It'll do, yeah?" John's fingers rub circles in Sherlock's hair, probably tangling it horribly. Sherlock couldn't care less.
“Lester.” His voice came out in a croak, barely audible. God, his throat burned. He could feel the outline of the tube still, the ghost of it against the fragile skin of his esophagus.
Sherlock slunk across the sitting room, observing the parcel from a distance as though it were something that could possibly explode viscous acidic gel on him at any moment. Why did John get a package from Scotland? Who did he know there? The package was a meter long, half a meter wide, and flattish. It was wrapped in simple brown paper, the handwriting on it a very tidy print, written in black permanent marker.
"John. I've got you, it's alright." Sherlock's hands closed round his biceps and dragged him upright, "Listen. You
But John had already turned toward the small but rushing stream they were about to cross. He stepped carefully onto a moss covered stone. “Careful, these are slippery as hell.”
“I love you, too, you sentimental old fool,” he grins, throwing one last log onto the fire before dragging a metal screen in front of it and dusting his hands off.
The day the case wraps up, Sherlock comes home from Scotland Yard sullen and silent. He drops into his chair by the fireplace and stares at the cold grate for hours. He stuffs tobacco into the bowl of the pipe and clamps it between his teeth, smoke billowing in thick lingering clouds round his head. John knows these moods, has dealt with them their entire life together. He knows there’s nothing he can do to snap Sherlock out of them. Besides which, he’s not feeling particularly social himself. So he waters the plants, cleans out the fridge, hoovers the sitting room, brings Mrs Hudson her lunch, and generally spends the day treating Sherlock like a piece of furniture.
“Oh - oh - I - fu -” A string of monosyllables fall from Sherlock’s swollen mouth, his brain unable to catch up to the instinctual responses of his body, which knows
"You're so good, baby. Doing exactly what you think I want you to do. But we're not doing that today. Put your arms down." John kneels on the mattress and sets the cuffs and the rope next to him.
John turns the volume up, rocks up to kneeling, shuffles over to Sherlock and noses against his ear. "You aren't paying a bit of attention to me. I could do anything to you right now."
“Well, he’s - would you like to sit down? Here, let’s go in the family room.” The doctor motions them into a small room two meters down the hallway, with a table covered in old ripped up magazines and four scrungy looking chairs. The doctor just looks at them, allowing Mrs Hudson to put her purse on the floor, arrange themselves. He’s not saying anything.
“Sherlock, I can’t. I can’t possibly again, not for hours.” John laughs, as Sherlock noses into his armpit. “Christ, you’re like a sniffer dog.”
"What do you want, Sherlock, come on, tell me. I want to make you feel so good. Let me." John whispers against his jaw. His voice has dropped another octave, rumbling and harsh.
"Joining a rugby league." Sherlock suppressed a shudder at the thought. John, ginger beard sweaty and shining, speckled with droplets of mud, the fall of a rugby jersey from his absolutely perfect shoulder blades, thick rugby socks round his muscular calves, a crooked victorious smile on his face and a muddy ball tucked in his elbow, strutting toward Sherlock across a sodden rugby pitch. It was downright pornographic.
"I'm not trying to be seductive, John. Get your laptop." Sherlock couldn't help pushing his head back into John's touch. He very nearly growled contentedly, a welcome warmth spreading all through his head and neck. His scalp was one of his most sensitive spots, of which John was well aware.
“No. You won’t hurt me. The only way you could hurt me is if you left again. And then I would definitely kill you.” Sherlock dared to laugh, and John did too. John could hardly believe how easy this was. There would have to be a consequence at some point, but he just couldn’t face it tonight.
Wordlessly, Sherlock closes the space between them and tucks himself against John's side with a relieved sigh. He shuffles and burrows, folds his long legs up so his bent knees are leaned against the outside of John's thigh. His head presses against John's collarbone, curls tickling his neck. John lets out a long breath and wraps both arms around Sherlock's shoulders, and rests his cheek against the top of Sherlock's head. Calm sings down through his frayed nerves like a lullaby.
He went to get the kilt first, folded carefully at the top of John's bag. He'd packed it himself, sure that John would try to leave at at home. He draped it over his arm, the softness of the wool again a surprise. He couldn't stop expecting it to be scratchy and rough, but it was butter soft and rustled as softly as butterfly wings. In the kitchen, he poured John another half glass of Glenlivet, tossed in some ice, and returned to the sitting room.
"Well, that's reassuring. I'm glad your rock solid contingency plan for him discovering what you're up to is
“Everything mates.” John held up his left hand and wiggled his ring finger casually, though Sherlock could see the tightness in his jaw.
John shivers and leans forward, presses his fingers deeper. He gasps when the tip of his middle finger dips just inside Sherlock, but he doesn’t stop. His eyes flick down to look at his hand, and then back up to meet Sherlock’s.
“Yes, alright,” Sherlock stretches, aware suddenly that his stomach is rumbling rather insistently. “Let me get my shoes back on.”
"A few times. There was, a woman. American, really nasal voice. And Lester. Well, didn't know it was Lester until later, but yeah, talked to him on the phone a few times once I was in the states. While I was still here a home, just the woman and Malvo."
“Yes.” John says slowly, slipping Sherlock’s trouser button through the buttonhole and pulling down his zip. He slides both hands into Sherlock’s pants, feeling the warm smooth curve of his hips, and pushes pants and trousers down over his spread thighs. “I’m not gay, doesn’t mean I’ve never been with a man before.”
, anyway - of the unsaid things are finally said, and the tension that's been building for years finally crests and breaks. It's the day both everything and nothing changes between them. On that day, at 9:06am, John is sitting outside Speedy's having a cup of coffee when Sherlock strides past, not even seeing him there.
They've never talked about what it is about John that makes Sherlock - the man who normally dominates everyone in the room - want to submit, give up his power. They’ve never talked about why Sherlock needs John’s praise and approval, or less often John’s hand hard and punishing across his bum. Never why. Just how. They’ve never explored the motivation behind why they both need this so badly. John's never even given a thought to how this all works in his own life. Why he likes this. In fact, he often tells himself that he doesn’t like it, that’s it’s not for him. It’s for Sherlock. It's always been about Sherlock.
He collapses trembling, gulping air, against John’s back, and John shimmies under him, tickles at his thigh with his fingers.
"I very much do, actually, John." Sherlock says sharply. "You've been tiptoeing round this flat for months as though you don't belong here, as though you're staying in a hotel, and I'm the over friendly concierge. Not as though I'm your best friend. It's grown a bit tedious."
“I’m going to keep saying it, you know. Because - because I just don’t know what else to say.” John laughs at himself a little, self deprecating honesty coming more easily than usual. That second glass of wine’s settling in, his veins running with treacle, slow and trick. He lays his forehead against Sherlock’s and rubs their noses together.
Sherlock lays his head against John's stomach with a soft hum, rubbing his cheek against the soft cotton of his tee shirt. John drops one hand to his head, playing lazily with Sherlock's hair. "Today is not going to be about punishing you, understand? This is because we both want it. It's not because you've done anything wrong. Tell me you understand that."
Sherlock rubs his thumb along the cleft of John’s chin. “Bored, John? I know we haven’t had a case on for a few weeks...we’ll get another, don’t worry.”
"You." John stares, disbelieving. "You almost went and died on me again, you bloody great moron. My wife shot you. You recall that? I can see how you might forget, a little thing like being shot. Minor interruption in the day, really."
“Well...I know I don’t cut quite the dashing figure I used to…” Sherlock pats his nonexistent belly as they draw apart.
“What?” Sherlock spins his head round at her. She winks at him conspiratorially, and raises her eyebrows. Oh. “Yeah, Nan, sorry.”
"You - you did?" Sherlock lifts his legs, one at a time, pushing the trousers off with his toes, and then hooks his ankles together around John's back. "Even, before?"
Sherlock clears his throat and takes a sip of his beer. "Yes. He wants - well, to be fair, I also want - a briefing on Malvo. We've no idea who he is, can't tie him to any particular crime. He's like a ghost."
“You’re about to pour pumpkin juice all over the table, lover boy,” Rose teases quietly, taking the pitcher from Sherlock’s hands.
John smiles at that, because god, Sherlock is the most endearing human being alive when he’s not being a complete dick, and says, “Yeah, in my mouth. Yeah, I like that. Especially you. With you, I want that. I want to taste you so badly, I can’t
The man leaned forward a little, spindly forearms resting on the table. His eyes were intense. “We’re not going to discuss this further here. You’ll pick up a package in the post office in Fargo, addressed only to Fargo, Minnesota. Be there by tomorrow afternoon. The package will contain all the information you need on your assignment.”
John lies half on top of Sherlock and shifts his hips, rubs a hand up over Sherlock’s ribs and kisses at his shoulder. “I wonder,” he pauses, nuzzles Sherlock’s bicep and kisses a path down to the inside of his elbow, “I wonder if I tell you often enough. How much I love you.”
“God, your voice, Sherlock, fuck. It's gorgeous.” John murmurs, arching his hips up to slide his shorts down his legs. He kicks them off, and then he’s just laying there in his pants, thin blue cotton, the outline of him hard and swollen inside them, his thighs athletic, the muscles defined and thick. His calves perfectly shaped, thin little ankles, almost delicate. Sherlock hadn’t noticed those before. Sherlock’s staring at him, and John looks down at himself self-consciously. “What?”
John’s bent over pulling his shorts back on, and Sherlock is mesmerised by the translucent line of come dribbling down the inside of one toned, beautiful thigh. He swallows and breathes out through his nose. John throws him a questioning look over his shoulder.
“Okay, John.” The cold whip smart detective, the powerful rutting stag in the alley, have both vanished, replaced by this more lately familiar version of Sherlock, smiling and warm, happily snuggled against John’s chest, sleepily blinking his eyes and throwing a gangly leg over John’s hip. “Goodnight.”
Despite Malvo, despite the chaos swirling around them, the danger lurking just out of sight, just out of John’s ability to do anything about it - things feel
"Yeah, yes, I hear you." Sherlock can't wrap his mind around this John. He expected John to be upset, sad, a bit angry. But John is looming, dominating, unarguably in charge.
“Alright, Mr Winston. I just need to, uh, make a copy of this, and we’ll sign some papers, and you can drive her right off the lot.”
"I don't mean to be ungrateful, but if you ever put a goddamned camera in my bedroom again, I'll beat the shit out of you."
"In all fairness, Sherlock, she had no connection to us. She inherited a house that could make her an enormous amount of money in rent - rent we can't possibly afford. We practically lived here for free."
Jim casually picks up a glass of red wine from the coffee table and drapes himself across the sofa, legs spread wide. He very pointedly adjusts himself, and gives Sherlock a lascivious gaze. Sips his wine and allows a droplet to hang on the edge of his mouth before he sweeps it away with the pink point of his tongue.
John climbs out first, banging his knee on the window frame and cursing. He takes a seat on the steps of the fire escape, leaving Sherlock room to sit on the tiny landing directly outside the kitchen window. Sherlock climbs out behind him, his long body folding gracefully through the small space, as usual. He doesn't bang his knee.
"What is this?" John says again, and moves to his right, shifting around Sherlock's body until he's behind him. "Jesus fucking Christ. Jesus fucking Christ, Sherlock."
“Yeah, the boot.” The cabbie said good naturedly, and John was actually glad he hadn’t beaten the shit out of him.
Dragging his eyes away from the rather impressive bulge in John’s pants, Sherlock tugs uselessly at the top button of his waistcoat and tries to calm his thudding pulse.
Sherlock pushes John to sit forward and scoops water over the back of his head with cupped hands. The muscles in John’s neck start loosening immediately, his head naturally falling back as Sherlock continues wetting his hair for a few minutes, the warm scented water splashing over his shoulders and rolling in rivulets down his back. When Sherlock’s shampoo covered fingers start massaging at his scalp, thumbs stroking comfortingly against the base of his skull, it’s as though every tendon in his body comes untethered. His whole body goes impossibly loose and relaxed, and he can’t help but slide deeper into the water and lay back against Sherlock again, resting his forearms along the top of Sherlock’s glistening wet thighs.
puttering around like little old men those weeks when we didn’t have anything on. For the first time, I wasn’t excited when we got that case. I’ve never not been excited about a case, John. I just wanted to - stay in bed with you, and have tea in our pyjamas, and read the papers together. I wanted to watch you water your plants, and go over to Harry’s for dinner, and come home and fall asleep on the sofa watching that awful cooking competition show you like. And I missed that terribly this week when we were working. I hated this week. I hated it, John.”
Body leaden and head thick, he eases himself out of John, rolls the condom off and ties it, tosses it across the room and misses the bin. Curls back up against the comforting plane of John’s back and rubs his face against his hair. John pulls his arm over his stomach and plays with his fingers. Brings them up to his mouth and kisses them.
that they’ve always been, and something much deeper and better and not even close to being encompassed by a word as small as
“Mmm,” is all Sherlock can manage. If he opens his mouth, he’ll be sick. His head is spinning, stomach lurching. He drags his eyes open, squinting.
The burgers came, and they ate in silence, Lester sneaking shy glances up at John as they chewed. John paid for the meal and left. As he was walking back to the car, his phone buzzed. Blocked number. What the hell was Mycroft doing, using every phone in the British government?
"It means beloved." John whispered, lowering them down to the floor. He pushed Sherlock flat on his back and knelt between his thighs. He pulled his dressing gown down over his arms, watching Sherlock with something close to reverence. "Look at this beautiful creature. All alone in this meadow, no one to keep you safe. Anyone could just come along and take you. That's alright, I'm here now. I've got you."
“Here.” John holds out his hand and takes Sherlock’s coffee mug so he can fold his long legs and duck under the sash.
The room is semi-private, but the second bed is unoccupied. Someone’s put the telly on, football match droning in the background. The curtain’s drawn half round the bed, and Sherlock can’t actually see John at first, just the outline of his calves and feet under the blanket. He pulls back the curtain as quietly as he can, mindful not to wake him if he’s sleeping. John looks so tiny. So small and fragile and white, laying against baby blue sheets, his face turned towards the window and away from Sherlock. He stops dead, paralysed by his conflicting instincts to both run away and also crawl on top of John and hold him so tight his arms go numb. He can’t move, can’t speak, just stands there, hand still gripping the edge of the soft cotton curtain.
. He presses one last kiss over the uneven crimson blotch he’s left on John’s pale skin, remembering John wants him
"I don't either." John runs his fingers through silver blonde hair - mostly silver now, though he won't admit it - and pinches his lips together. "Mrs Hudson's niece didn't really leave us a say in the matter."
John stretches his arms up over his head and twists round, bending his spine until it cracks rather loudly. He yawns wide and scratches at the stubble along his jaw, then slaps his hands down on his bare belly, rolls to his side and nuzzles his face into Sherlock's armpit, humming and making soft sleepy grunting noises.
“It’s alright.” Sherlock pants out as John’s mouth comes to his throat again. “To be expected. It’s a deviation from social norms, certainly, to not reciprocate when your boyfriend -”
John exhaled loudly through pursed lips, then pressed his lips in a thin line. His hand clenched on the bed. “Sherlock, the truth is, I couldn’t live in the world without you, if I knew you were in it. I don’t know how to live without you. Even if I wanted to, I don’t know how. Which should be pretty fucking obvious by now. And I’m tired. I’m so tired of being angry and full of hate and venom. Everything hurts, and I really just want to lie here and have your arms around me for a really, really long time. So. I’m not going anywhere, but...I’m a fucking wreck, and I think I’m in a lot of trouble.”
?” The dread dissipates into relief so powerful it knocks the breath from his lungs, chest heaving so hard he can feel his each individual rib moving.
Oh fuck. Lost in John, dizzy with love and post sex bliss, Sherlock had completely forgotten about his call to Lestrade.
“John, John,” Sherlock chants, like an incantation, as he finally stops coming and sinks back heavily against John, weak and spent.
Lester seemed to sense it and leapt up and out of the way just in time, as John turned and vomited over the side of the bed. His vision darkened, vomit dripping from his lips, and he was sure he was about to be sucked back into unconsciousness.
Sherlock can’t deny that he does. It feels - possessive - and more than that, it feels familiar. John always teases him, has the ability to make him blush and stutter, in a way no one else has in his entire life. It’s just their way, and here, now, even though Sherlock’s half sure he’s gone completely mad, John’s just the same as always. Except, of course...
Sherlock parted his lips slowly, sinking his mouth down over John’s cock and undulating his tongue against the frenulum, pushing against the vein. He slid his hand out from under John’s and braced it against John’s thigh instead, steadying himself so he could bob and dip his head, pull up and twirl his tongue expertly around the head. John put both his hands in Sherlock’s hair, restless and twitching, fingers tightening against Sherlock’s scalp.
There's a number at the bottom, an office line. With no small amount of trepidation, he dials it. His normal bravado is worn thin. He feels like exactly what he is; a skinny kid who has no fucking clue what he's doing. There's no backing out now. Jim will never leave them alone, and he'll go after John before he goes after Sherlock, because that's his way. To hit people in their most vulnerable place, to watch them squirm and cry and beg. Added to his penchant for tormenting anyone, for any reason, is their shared past. Jim would like nothing more than to destroy any chance Sherlock has at happiness with someone else.
John rolls his eyes and huffs in mock exasperation, unable to hide the smile that’s always there right under his grumbly exterior. The smile that belongs only to Sherlock, just like the rest of him.
Beyond words, Sherlock can't respond. He whines something incoherent, his head lolling insensibly against the mattress.
Harry had folded her legs up to her chest, leaned sideways with her head against the back of the chair and smiled indulgently at them both as Sherlock hovered beside John's bed. She did, she understood what they were to each other, and she loved Sherlock for it. He saw it in her eyes, the same softness he saw in John's. She wrapped her arms round her calves and closed her eyes, and Sherlock climbed slowly into bed with John.
“Good. Me too.” John runs the flannel cursorily over himself and tosses it in the direction of the hamper.
"And we've known each other for like eighteen hours, and you don't get why I like you so damned much." John puts his hand back on Sherlock's chest, drawing little figure eights with his index finger. "I don't really get why I like you either, except I just can't not. I kind of feel like I've known you forever already. It's not...it's like it's already done. It wasn't a choice. Does that make sense?"
to the canteen, doctors consulting and humming approvingly or disapprovingly, MRIs and CAT scans. Sherlock never left; showering in the tiny stall in the loo attached to the hospital room, sleeping with John curled tight into his chest every night, wearing the same clothes day after day. On the fourth day, the kindly nurse with the ponytail whose name Sherlock could never remember offered to wash a change of clothes for him at her own home and bring them back that evening. She handed them to him with a knowing smile, and patted his hand in a way that reminded him forcibly of Mrs Hudson.
beside him as he backs into something solid. Sherlock turns, everything happening in slow motion, his ability to process this not quite having caught up with the visual. There's two thick arms wrapped around John's chest. He's dropped his torch on the floor.
“And you won’t get it here.” He smiled with a lot of very blunt teeth, oddly similar in shape to his haircut.
John’s lips are going numb, his throat aches. He takes Sherlock in until he’s at the back, the very back, of his throat, and cups his tongue around him. Sherlock’s whole body is quivering, his fingernails scratching into John’s scalp, and everything is Sherlock. He can smell him and taste him and feel him, and it’s overwhelming. This is what he’s always, always wanted. He sucks harder, starting to choke a little. Sherlock’s cock thickens against his tongue, and he’s making little
Sherlock finds the most sensitive place on his jaw, mouthing wet kisses all over his neck, as his fingertips brush over John’s prostate with practiced ease. “Good?” He breathes out against John’s throat.
He opens the sandwich, curls over his folded legs and tucks in. Sherlock recognises the signs of being so hungry it’s hard to not put it away with one bite, shove the whole thing in and just choke and gag because the hunger can’t wait. John takes a small bite and chews forever, for way too long, trying to hide it. He’s still trying to be civilised. That never lasts long.
that exists between them in this bed, in this home, in this life they’ve built together. “I can’t even - I don’t have the words.”
He’d been sitting in his chair the first time. He’d been there for two days. Gotten up to piss a few times, that was it. Hadn’t slept. Hadn’t eaten. Just staring at Sherlock’s empty chair across from him, the crushing suffocation of grief filling up every cell in his body. He couldn’t stop thinking about all the things he’d said wrong, all the things he’d never said at all. He’d caught the edge of the slipper out of the corner of his eye, silk shining a bit against the grimy hearth.
It’s hopelessly uncoordinated, as John slides his knees alongside Sherlock’s hips and Sherlock pulls at John’s shoulders and they try to kiss and grind against each other at the same time, which isn’t really possible even if they were the same height. Eventually John settles for sitting up and running his hands all over Sherlock’s chest while Sherlock licks at his own lips and looks longingly at John’s. John flattens one palm against Sherlock’s taut stomach to brace himself and licks the other to wet it, rubs it over the shiny wet heads of their cocks.
"Just leave us alone, alright? We've nothing to do with you. I don't need your fucking drugs anymore, and I don't care about revenge. You don't need us, you...Just leave us be and we'll never bother you. I promise." Sherlock's aware that he's pleading. That this isn't at all what he came here for, and that he's utterly failed. He doesn't care right now, about being clever, or winning. He just wants peace, with John. He wants to go home to him, and crawl into bed, into the radiating warmth of John's muscular beautiful body. He wants John surrounding him, wants John's stale morning breath and sleep crusted eyes staring at him. He wants them to share a cigarette and a latte at that coffee shop under the flat, the sunrise just barely visible behind the roofs. He wants out of here, out of this ridiculous situation he's put himself in, and Jim does so love it when people beg.
“I know, baby, I’m just. Being an idiot, frankly, because I don’t know what else to say. I’m gobsmacked. What you said. It was the most - ”
John nods. He looks down at their entwined hands, stares at them. He traces the outline of Sherlock’s nailbeds with a fingertip, rubs the webbing between his fingers. Sherlock waits, allowing him time to be silent.
Sherlock helps himself to cold cheese and apples, and waits for dessert to appear. As he’s pouring a glass of iced pumpkin juice, John strolls into the hall with his usual cadre of admirers. He looks immediately toward the Hufflepuff table, spots Sherlock, and his face softens. He waves and smiles, and Sherlock reciprocates, his stomach fluttering.
John pushes back and slips out of him, gently lowers Sherlock's legs to the bed. He unbuckles the cuffs and rubs at Sherlock's wrists, unclasps the collar and sets all of the bindings carefully in the bedside drawer. He lays down beside Sherlock and gathers him into his arms. Sherlock nestles against him with a sigh. John smoothes his sweaty hair and kisses his forehead. "Everything you wanted, baby?"
He bit his suddenly trembling lip. He wasn’t the only one to have pain, the only one to bear loss. For the first time in so long, with this random interaction with a nurse whose name he would probably never know, he took a breath in as John Watson. He felt...himself...if only for a brief second.
John had been home for a few months, freshly divorced and more than a bit lost, his insomnia as bad as it had ever been. He’d been sitting by the fireplace that night, steadily making his way through a bottle of Glenlivet, when Sherlock drifted out of his room and silently sank down on the floor in front of him. His beautiful eyes had been round and sleepy and sad, and John’s heart had ached with all the things they’d never said to each other, all the things they could never seem to make right. They had gazed softly at each other in the wavering firelight, both too reticent to make anything happen for a long while. In the end, it had been Sherlock, slowly taking John’s glass out of his hand and spreading out John’s fingers, fanning them across his own mouth so he could kiss each one as he looked up at John’s face from underneath his lashes. His mouth was on the translucent skin of John’s wrist before he murmured, “Alright, John?”
Those eyes should be looking at him with desire, not pity. He puts his thumb against Sherlock's lip, over his chin. "Yeah. I'm just desperate to get you into bed."
" John's voice is rough as he tugs lightly at Sherlock's hair, and it's exquisite. The possessiveness of it making Sherlock quiver; electricity that sparkles across his scalp and down his neck.
“I won’t be but a jiffy.” He smiled and half bowed at John and shuffled back towards to little manky trailer squatted in the middle of the car lot.
“Yeah, in the way.” Sherlock tried to make his laugh sound casual. John honestly was so much better at this sort of game playing than he was. He flirted, bantered, used those baby blues to his advantage, eased his way in.
“You made lasagna?” John doesn’t mean to sound quite as disbelieving as it comes out, but somehow he’s too relaxed to be able to modulate his tone.
He deserved it, the pain. The reminder. He pushed his sleeve up, looked at Sherlock’s watch digging into his skin, leaving raw red marks. His hair shirt. His flagellation. A reminder of his sins.
, this almost-but-not-quite-there normalcy of Sherlock in his mind palace and a hot mug of tea in John’s hand and the smell of grease and coffee wafting up from Speedy’s, and the distant sounds of traffic and the ducks in Regent’s Park, and everything that still felt removed from his inner self yesterday. Now it’s getting in. It’s feeling
