"I see my omega and I share the same nonstandard definition of 'fine'," Tony smiles, leaning in. From beneath decorously lowered lashes-- it's such an act Steve wants to laugh at himself-- Rogers tries to gauge if this is some incongruously jovial prelude to chastisement, stiffening in spite of both intention and discomfort. Only a kiss lands on his cheek, dry but ardent as the very first caress. "We speak the same language."
There are any number of practical things Rogers could tell his mate, providing he could push anything past through the thin crevasse his throat has become. What he becomes illogically fixated on is the notion that, should he die right here and now, he has no idea which version of Last Rites should or would be given to him. He has lived as a beta-- should he then be shriven in his last moments as an omega? This is quite the puzzle, dislodged from focus only as Tony physically shakes him in escalating panic. At last, something sensible comes to mind: an image of the pill vial, stashed as always in the pocket of his trousers. This, at least, seems vivid enough to penetrate the static of confusion now emanating from both ends of the bond. With an agonized glance that betrays his reluctance to leave his mate for even a moment, Stark quickly whirls to dash back into the main suite.
"Are you certain?" Tony asks, after a pause in which his mate can sense the inventor weighting the right to privacy against the sheer overwhelming desire to offer succor. Most alphas likely would have broken the door down by now, sliding dura-steel panels or no, so Steve works hard to project gratitude for the space instead of distress over everything else.
Having never been very good at the first two, and well aware of the spectacle he made in the kitchen, Rogers doesn't think his career as an omega is off to a very good start.
to it; pressing, crushing as the vacuum of space beyond the armor, needing only a pinhole to rush in and destroy the unnatural pocket of air. There's no temperature that Tony can discern, at once cold as that infinite blackness and hot as the desert in her most hostile peak of day. At times it feels merely lukewarm, the temperature of cadaver-flesh and of the same texture-- organic matter abandoned and already starting to decompose.
After that, how could the 'real' future compete?
They've finally managed to get more than an arm's length apart, Stark reactivating his slim palm-sized screen with a thumbprint, obviously ready to make the first in a series of calls. His eyes are still fixed on Steve, however, their gaze as palpable to the omega as invisible fingers slipping under his robe. It is for this reason-- the preservation of coherent thought, for both of them-- that Steve mumbles something about the 'fresher, gesturing vaguely towards the adjacent sliding door, and high-tails it in that very direction.
Bristling reflexively at the vague implications of condescension and charity, Rogers manages to check himself. It's on his lips to say that he has always looked out for himself-- a half-truth Bucky was always kind enough to avoid correcting-- but he stays that, too. '
The secondary lights flicker on as he enters, rendering the vast space as a sketch of gray charcoal on paper in only slightly lighter shade. Though clearly decommissioned, the place is dustless and unsheated. It is not a tomb but time capsule, everything spotless and just where Tony left it, standing in defiance of the days and months that have passed. Here, Steve can pretend the 'sleep' mode is temporary, that the master of ceremonies is in Malibu, Tokyo, London, or somewhere amidst the many-times-redrawn map of Europe. Sitting on the ratty couch which still smells of grease and (more faintly) an expensive cologne whose name he cannot pronounce, the captain can imagine Stark's insufferable and incongruously endearing vindication when he helps himself to the small stash of liquor stored nearby. The cabinet-- if the deco-cubist's nightmare can be called such a thing-- is programed to permit access only when all machinery has been shut down, and he was once certain it would open only for Tony. That doesn't seem to be true, and the inventor took such delight in those rare moments Steve relaxed enough to drink that he doubts his lover would begrudge him now. He can sip from the stock of Vat 69 for its taste alone
Flicking the top open with a practiced thumb, Roger's fingers blindly ascertain there is the only one pill in his palm before he shoves the tiny missile under his tongue. At the same time, he clamps his lips together in a grim vise. Once in contact with his saliva, the pill begins to dissolve-- not as liquid, but as a pure oxygenated mist. 'Tri-Ox', the Pharma Guild calls it. Breathing out through his nose, careful that only carbon dioxide should escape, he inhales through lips still mostly closed, tipping his head back to ensure as much of the precious substance flows down into his lungs as possible. Steve has never seen an ocean with his own two eyes, but he nevertheless pictures the sudden relief he experiences in just that manner. The mist, vaguely salty with additives of analgesic and minor muscle relaxers, is like a dense wave crashing upon the shore of some previously airless moon. That first high tide which comes to pull him from where he lies, beached and breathless as any mer-folk of his mother's stories, in an ever darkening limbo.
'Nah,' he'd finally muttered, ignoring Natasha at her inscrutable ritual of morning tea. 'He's ten times better than anything out of
Here lies Pharaoh So-and-So, conquerer of such and such, builder of this, that, and…
Steve bites his lip, expecting that his blush has only deepened, and duly takes stock. Shock and dismay are likely incipient, hounds baying just beyond the sacred halo of his alpha's pheromones and embrace. That isn't the question, though Lord what talk there'll be in the village-- Rogers, of all people, climbing the social ladder with a lucky spontaneous bond! They'll expect him to be grasping-- enterprising and overjoyed. There are also, he recalls with more poignant horror, always plenty of reporters at the Club. The Grandmaster keeps a separate Press Balcony for entertaining media cronies, welcoming mainstream and muck-raker alike. He even seems to remember a few holo-cam flashes as he'd run into the kitchen, while Bucky shouted indistinctly at the other bouncers and worked in vain against the tide of the crowd.
He tried, just the once, to explain to the patient and well-meaning doctor (
- is the source of present-day Malibu, a Chumash name meaning "surf sounds loudly". I known I'm not cute when I get all nerdy, but I still can't help it. ^_~''
But Steve can see his own reflection very clearly in the glass, a plaid overlay across a mask he knows better than his own face. The blood in his own veins pumps swift and certain, yet it lay very nearly still in a coffin of ice for more than seventy years.
' Steve thinks. He's seen passion and tenderness from this man, but also abstraction and an odd mercurial flickering of attention. His own perceptions are unreliable too, their three-days acquaintance mired in lust and blurred recollections. No matter how intimately connected he and his mate may be, he is at present armed only with a guttering match. How can you know someone utterly right away, even a soul mate? If someone returned to you a missing limb, wouldn't it still feel strange after its prolonged absence?
Each morning, Steve Rogers wakes to do battle. His foes-- regardless of any actual villainous activity-- are many and varied. Beginning, of course, with those deceptive layers of forgetfulness which come to work their attrition while he sleeps.
. Exclusively in their own company, that same 'middle sex' inverts the notion, mocking the other polymorphisms.
There are alphas out there who, despite the constant bombardment of romantic clap-trap via song, drama, and advertising, think they can give the Universe the slip. At least they
(See the end of the chapter for
[+] "Ozymandias" by Percy Shelley, 1818
Dumbly, Steve nods, stunned both by the fervor of the question and Tony's unconscious, delighted relief at having found some concrete task. The piquant aftertaste of the pills mixes with the bitterness of his recent revelation until it seems he has a mouthful of ash. Already, a part of him longs for his alpha's nearness (what fools they were, to think the hormonal snare could be slipped so easily!) knowing, with an an instinct that defies self-preservation, that they should be close as skin to skin. And closer still.
His friends and colleagues reach out to him but Steve, though perfectly aware he is not the only one devastated by Tony's death, can only ape the appearance of reaching back. Yes, I'm coping; I'll find you if I need to talk. I know it's a process, I know it takes time; things will get better, etcetera, etcetera, amen.
It is universally acknowledged that betas have notoriously low libidos, something society as a whole views with a sort of vindicated pity.
[+] It's my personal head-canon that Steve, Natasha, and Bruce (and Pepper!) have a little unofficial club where they sit around and quietly read and listen to music that doesn't involve wailing guitars, usually while Tony, Thor, and Clint are downstairs (breaking) playing with the Wii. ^_~
(See the end of the chapter for
What Steve finds there-- first by blind touch and then by alarmed investigation-- should not surprise him. Yet, because his mind is experiencing the most clarity it has enjoyed since he dressed for work on nine of the ten-day, shock strikes him afresh. It is as though ground-lightning has fastened on his fingertips, traveling ominously to his core  to kindle primal concern for his bonded. In a flash of agonizingly intimate detail, he recalls his own worried and inarticulate fussing when he'd truly first encountered it during their mating. As they'd grasped each other eagerly, each as desperate to learn the other's body as one memorizing a treasure which may be stolen away, he had come upon this… the scar on Tony's chest.
- the truth, or the Goddess of Truth, daughter of Saturn in the Roman Pantheon. In this 'verse, a spontaneous true bond triggered by genetic/spiritual compatibility (depending on who you ask), as opposed to a bond arranged for political purposes.
He recalls thinking mournfully that he'd just ruined this gig for both himself and Bucky-- their longest continuous stretch of employment, thanks to Steve's health.
is fading. It summons old memories of loss few nowadays would understand; old locks of hair, pocket watches and lockets rusted shut, photographs of infants whose hasty arrangements could not disguise the fact that they were already dead. The world Steve has arrived in has its share of medical horrors, blights so potent they are confined to acronyms and monikers like HIV and the "Big C", but the sheer mortality rate is nothing to what laid with his generation. Death cheek-to-jowl in your bed, next to the mashed potatoes at supper, in the very real timorousness of 'Now I Lay Me Down to Sleep'. Polio, influenza, diphtheria, pellagra-- fevers in yellow, scarlet, and typhoid variety! The lurid monsters of his childhood are allnow little more than footnotes in medical texts, and all around this new century the smell of antibacterial tinctures not quite dispelled by their floral/berry top notes.
"--very well in my colors," Stark finishes, as if that is what he intended to say all along. Perhaps it is, for the smaller man belatedly realizes that red and gold are the engineer's trademark-- the unapologetic branding on all shuttles, mag-lev trains, and even the starships he designs. Chuckling, the alpha steps closer, tenderly stilling his mate's flustered hands. "You're very direct."
bonds-- spontaneous, true connections sparked by spiritual or genetic compatibility (depending on one's philosophy) occur in less than forty percent of the population, and convention ensures that most of these are only within the same social strata. Great care is taken to keep like with like. Yet this bond
' Bucky's borrowed voice instructs, '
Naught but a shadow, reduced to faint and hateful graffiti by powerful dermal regenerators, the spiderweb of slashes radiates from a point just to the left of Tony's sternum, reaching loathsome white lines over the alpha's heart to just above his nipple. It is not that the scar itself is disgusting-- it is no different than the handful of far less flatteringly disguised marks Steve himself bears. It is the threat it represents to his mate's life that offends Roger's on an almost spiritual level. The thickest lines are crude slashes-- a village butcher would be less brutal!-- overlaid with fine incisions, all tracing back to the center of chaos, which is perceptibly darker and more apparent to his questing fingertips. It reminds him noting so much as the skewering of 'biological subjects' he has seen at traveling science carnivals, or the disjointed stained glass windows that depict the Solar Lamb stabbing a stake-like cross into the heart of Darkness itself. Medical technology in the Imperium is impressive, said to be greater than Old Earth's golden age, provided one has access to it; that any trace remains at all is a testament to how grievous the original wound must have been. In dim lighting, the cosmetic work would make it difficult to discern, but the location itself is like an unnecessary exclamation point, driving home the fact it is a miracle Tony survived.
Despite the fear of heat-resurgence and all its attendant dangers, Steve cannot fight the instinct to bend and kiss the remnants of violence written on Stark's skin. He does so with more reverence than he'd imagined himself capable of outside of Church, very aware of Tony's nipple hardening in proximity. When he raises his head, the alpha's fingers take hold of his chin-- not roughly, but with intent.
Stark is not a fan of the organic mechanism, finding it delicate, convoluted, and poorly designed. Let Brucie-poo and Dr. Choi rhapsodize over nucleotides, amino acids, and the subtle adjustments of cell evolution to cosmic radiation. DNA may be the most sophisticated recording mechanism in the universe, but whoever did the debugging and load testing didn't know shit. All that complexity and you still end up with cancer-- with disease, defect, and death. In the face of the transitory, of humanity's inescapable epitaph of 'nothing lasts', is it any wonder Tony sought improvement? A shield
None of these thoughts are exactly compelling motivation to get out of bed.
"Village healers or the dubious credentials of those in the Grandmaster's pay!" the alpha dismisses, as if someone like Steve would be worth even a glance from the doctor kept on staff at the resort. "In Nova York and Hu'Maliwo, there are specialists-- lots and lots of specialists! We can see as many as--"
Yet that doesn't matter anymore, does it? Rogers may still have that shield against the world-- the flinty look in his eyes and the battle-readiness that doesn't go with his frame-- but Tony won't be fooled. Stark is behind the protective barrier
-- begin again, Tony has no choice but to make it a duet.
understand cold, hard facts-- coordinates and points of enemy ingress, artillery deficit and casualty figures. He's not the only one left mourning after the Battle of Fort Lee, and yet…
is concrete. Iron-clad, the age-old story; and iron-cold are the tendrils of realization-- bedecked with innumerable thorns-- which unfurl with slow horror from Roger's subconscious, where the seed has been waiting.
But Steve also has so many shiny buttons, and Tony just
in some undefinable way, a relic of the Eighties his inventor chose to keep despite all the other memories willfully boxed up, dumped, or left behind. A CPU with an arm, camera, pincers, and wheels; but it-- 'he', Steve has always thought, much in the same way one considers an endearingly foolish yet somehow clever dog-- hasn't given up. The evidence appears again and again, despite the fact Rogers hash't actually seen him move since before the funeral. 'Round and 'round the increasingly dark tracks go
"Alright, alright," Stark says aloud. If the message was his, he is likely unaware of it. "You don't like that, and I guess I can understand." Rather than acting spurned or moving away entirely, Tony merely scoots back a bit on the tile, ensuring the soft rug is entirely beneath Steve before laying his head in the startled omega's lap. "Just… I can't…"
Steve fights this on both instinct and principle, though the division is not even. The majority of his resistance
The 'beeps' again.
Slinging an arm around Dummy's (Bucky's? It's the pack that makes it feel lumpy and odd, that's all) 'shoulder', Rogers makes one last grasp for consciousness. And-- isn't that always the way?-- it slips through his fingers despite his strength, his determination to hold on. What he sees in his mind's eye, however, is not a scene from a war the world has mostly lost in myth, or even the face of Tony, for whom he would give just about everything to have back.
smutty Stony flashbacks (actual smut to follow ^_~), biting, claiming, rimming, possessive Tony. Tony has an oral fixation and skinny!Steve has a mouth on him.
The alpha draws closer still, leaving barely a breath between their bodies. "Do you think I want one of those delicate whips of blown glass? Some sort of automata that says 'Yes, Alpha' and 'No, Alpha', and knows every standardized erotic pose?"
Experiencing that familiar scenario is a bit contingent upon rescue, of course-- something Tony would have had almost absolute faith in two months ago, and which he still evaluates as an 83-90% probability now. With no idea how much time has passed since his abduction, he has no way of predicting the likelihood that the latest iteration of the Avengers has even noticed his absence yet. That's what happens when you smile, build everyone a sparkling new facility, and quickly fuck off to Malibu as though you don't have your tail between your stylishly-clad legs. Steve had shaken his hand, quipping and nodding as appropriate during their manly parting, but even Tony (king of the unresolved) knows the threads left dangling between them are dipped in poison. Drawing betrayal, judgement, and disappointment up through the unfinished ends like clever roots, so that all might be desiccated without any further effort from either party.
My goal was to have a new chapter of "The Future Starts Slow" up for my birthday (presents, Hobbit-style! ^_~), but I ended up going on a little Avengers fic binge and… this is the result. ^^; I'm still working on an update for the other story, plus the next chapter of this one.
. The eye traces a plane, an archway, and skitters away nauseously, repelled. It's out of alignment somehow. Not by much, but Tony is an expert in disciplines were a little error can go a very long way. If the… dissonance… were any greater here, it might drive one crazy. The whole thing certainly _sounds_ crazy but, now that the thought has solidified, it cannot be escaped. Reality dangling by a nail, ever-so-slightly askew, and perhaps hung someone who wouldn't know if the picture was upright in the first place.
Unlike many of the jewelry-clad vultures Steve had encountered, Dr. Cho's tone had been playful but devoid of innuendo, as if they were two strangers who happened to be relaxing on the same summer pier. Her gentle hum filled him with a strong sense of relief and as much relaxation as he was generally capable of in a public setting.
What he sees is his mother, long ago and far away. She's searching for something that has been misplaced: an expensive quilting needle, a box of matches, her lone darning egg. These are not the days of 'just go out and buy a new one'. He can still hear her voice in quiet sing-song, as if she expected the parish priest to leap from the shadows and chastise her for superstition even as she spoke. She can't help it, though-- she's at her wits end, and so is Steve. Something precious is gone, Ma. Something vital. Help me look.
place.
Tony stills abruptly, but his withdraw is slow-- a feat of applied will. His look is a searching one, though he keeps his arms about the omega, who himself makes no attempt to leave. In fact, Steve laces his fingers at the base of Stark's neck once more, all the while wondering if the alpha will come to resent him for the sway he now holds. Perhaps this is the power for which omegas are punished, the daily measures of protection and limitation a way of extracting payment for this period of inversion. The least of all polymorphisms, able to destroy their masters with a look or a touch. Even alphas who bond for political reasons, with no imperative and far milder heats, know the threat is out there.
In answer to the question of his wellness, still very much evident in his companion's dark eyes, Steve murmurs, "I'm fine."
"Good morning," Steve says quietly, at last deciding that a little courtesy can never go amiss.  The brown eyes regarding him soften, and the accompanying chuckle could never be mistaken for derisiveness. He'd look away, feeling rather exposed, but the only other real option is the high, ornate ceiling. The suite is as opulent as the chamber-staff have led him to believe; the enormous four-poster bed is draped in opaque linen, open only to the thick block-glass tile above. It gives the occupants an obliging view of the fountain one storey up, where fish flit about in the glow of dawn streaming down through the open courtyard and one way mirror. Guests on the next floor cannot see the newly bonded pair below, nor can the fish, who likely wouldn't care anyway. Now that he's in a position to think somewhat rationally, however, Steve finds the whole setup is making him feel very self-conscious.
"No pity," Tony says, voice like sand on stone.
… as always, I'd love to hear what you think! (Even if it's just to tell me to keep my endnotes shorter. ^_~)
"I'm not impressed," Stark says aloud, sound carrying despite the dryness of his throat and mouth. He hasn't been fed or watered, either. There's nothing mystical about feeling
What compensation Rogers receives-- if any-- is a pittance. Reinstein takes it out of his own paycheck, when he can afford it. But it's nice to do something other than scrub pots, and the chorus 'tweeners are always very complimentary about his designs. They like Steve, with the absent companionability one shows towards a pet or mascot. Sometimes it rankles, but mostly it's fine. He's never really expected to find another beta willing to take him as a romantic mate-of-choice, and his brotherly partnership with Bucky has always been enough for him. At age seven, he'd run headlong into a trio of alphas beating up on some unfortunate beta from town. The interference mostly resulted in said alphas whaling the tar out of
Thus he puts his finger on whats bothering him, the vague mental association that's been with him since he first began analyzing his surroundings. For a time, he'd occupied himself with the logistics behind creating the lighting trick. After all, doing it up in arc reactor blue might be more appealing-- give Stark Industries a chance for ingress to the interior decorating market. But looking at it hurts, even thinking about it hurts, because the lines and angles are fundamentally
"Water!" Stark says, as though a student shouting out the answer in class. "May I get you some water?"
!'), there's something about his surroundings that make it more and more difficult maintain sangfroid the longer he's exposed to them. The reasons are ellusive-- unformed, subjective, impossible to quantify. In short, everything Tony loathes. Of equal width and breadth far greater than that of a usual cell, the room he's being held in is perhaps better termed a 'chamber'. It has the air of a crypt with its seamless walls, floor, and ceiling all precisely hewn from dark, oily stone. If someone took advantage of a natural stone cave to construct this space, they've done an excellent job of eradicating the random mineral build-up of millennia. Artificial geometry reigns here, absolute as the uniform poses of Egyptians on their bas-reliefs.
when others have endured trials far worse (if perhaps not quite so unusual). The mantle of 'atheist'
) create within him a painful schism, each side convinced _it_ is rational and legitimate. This must be what they called the 'beeps'-- Bonding Panic. 'Poor sap has the beeps,' he's heard alpha patrons say, rolling their eyes. Or, 'Better him than me. And what about that gentlestag who used to lead the hart-lynx hunt? Gave it up because his omega didn't like the 'carnage'. Damn
When the screaming-- and the
Regardless, it makes Stark's already handsome face seem younger, almost boyish. Tony, Rogers corrects inwardly. His mate had not wanted to be addressed as 'alpha'-- he insisted Steve say his given name, over and over, even when that wicked tongue was making articulation rather difficult. After taking Steve's kisses, what Tony seemed to want most of all was the name of his new omega. He'd said the sound of it tasted good, that
never questioned it, save sometimes in the dark when he felt simultaneously lost in his body and spiritually claustrophobic, or in the depths of fevers that always seemed a little more than whatever common cold was making the rounds.
' It had not been the time for detailed revelations, nor had their intimate hunger allowed the attention span for such. From what little Steve can glean from their suddenly static-filled bond, he doesn't expect the inventor to be particularly forthcoming now, either.
s Reed Richards is likely inventing at present), he has lost any real sense of purpose which might once have justified the absurd fluke of seventy years on ice. For the boy who'd always scraped by, skin-of-your-teeth sick and eating peas on bread as a celebratory meal, there'd been no whirring time machine or dazzling portal. No sir, he got here the hard way. It was, perhaps, appropriate. Some might point out that he's already gotten one short-cut-- a body he never worked for. 'You,' Colonel Phillips had once told Doctor Erskine, when he'd thought their lab subject was out of earshot, 'are already shooting for a miracle, and now you've put your money on the runt of the guinea pig litter!'
, but it had given the previous victim enough time to grab a discarded dura-steel pipe and start swinging, eventually rescuing Steve in turn. From that point on, he and Bucky have been locked in one another's orbit and, if they've never quite been able to articulate the balance attained or empty spaces filled by their friendship, then that's okay. They've had little need. There's an
Steve experiences one of those absurd upwellings of affection so mythologized in bonding romances: a sense of rightness at odds with the raw facts of his situation, a rush of comfort and warmth. It goes a long way towards dispelling the slow, icy panic clawing at his spine, and so he welcomes it. Whatever else, Tony has been a kind and considerate mate throughout the bonding heat-- the blazing kaleidoscope of broken recall still leaves no doubt of that.
All of this passes through Steve's mind in a handful of moments, the sort of mental calculus omegas must perform all the time as they try to suss out the finer details of what is and is not permissible. He feels these considerations wending between the emanations of coruscating light and incomprehensible equations that stem from Tony's end of the bond.
I suppose having three A/B/O fics makes any protest that I don't really
he thinks rebelliously, hastening towards what little privacy he can still attain,
His recollections, the stirring of his loins in eroticism and shame (some of the things they'd done--! If the acts
"What isn't helping?" Stark asks, pulling away to search his mate's face for distress. Steve points upward with a sheepish look and Tony gazes as instructed, seeming to notice the elaborate and unusual ceiling for the first time. "Huh. That's a bit much, even for the Grandmaster. Does it bother you?" Then, without waiting for an answer, "I'll have them find us another room."
whose constant presence might defend humanity, preserve the species when its own self-preservation vanished long ago?
- graffiti often left during WWII, usually depicted as a man peeping over a wall with his nose dangling over it.
There is a strange, hushed aspect to the display of suits, an inarticulate energy not unlike that which builds up in a shrine. It's doubly incongruous, given that their creator was by no means a man of faith. While he lived, the collection likely served to remind Tony of his own evolution (and genius, it must be said), of just how far he'd come from the sleepless, panic-laden nights whose feverish intensity had birthed the Mark II. Perhaps all victories take on a sanctified air, once the story is over.
[+] 'Missing Person' Cameos in order:
'Hmmm,' Helen had murmured in faux consideration, sizing up Steve's staunch bearing in conjunction with his discomfort in the specially tailored formal wear he sported. Official Avengers functions at least allowed him his Class A's, comforting in their familiarity and sense of identity. In civvies, standing beside a beautiful woman, he was predictably flat-footed.'But are _you_ safe?' she teased, graciously ignoring the solider's blush.
had close calls before. The Avengers have seen Iron Man subsumed by molten steel, seemingly defeated by an LMD, and the civilian Stark attacked or kidnapped in the few short feet between office door and limousine.
the Grandmaster has been known to say, looking down at the tiered acres of the casino,
How indeed, Tony thinks presently, was Steve to know the hot terror that roiled in Stark's astral gut at the sight of his prone form, cold and broken in the vision Wanda had contrived? Her magic ('Magic'! Hateful nonsense-- Tony would ban it if he could) had only been accelerant on the flame of old nightmares. Variations on the same old theme; 'Tony, Tony', the whims of Chaos Theory whisper, one single identifiable patter throughout his entire life, 'anything real you gain must be lost again'. Money has always been abstract, illusory as fame, both omnipresent along with social climbers, eager cronies, and hangers-on. Parties full of formulaic opulence-- food and drink and drugs free-flowing. So armed with his numbers and his genius (to say nothing of a still in his dorm-room closet), a fifteen year-old Tony had sallied forth to poke the native fauna of society, and their reactions proved woefully predictable. With money-grubbers, sycophants, sexual conquerers, and intellectual poachers all successful slotted into phylum, genus, and species, he quickly lost interest in people as a whole. The mysteries of science and engineering-- of what
Things are under new management-- perhaps that's why he's falling apart.
Procreation.
Tony used to make cracks about being his own worst enemy-- born with traitors already inside the gate. An aching, belated sense of commiseration has come over Steve these past few months
the inner chastisement continues, sounding like a tract on omega purity, though far more licentious than most. Church publications always couch the act in metaphor: 'the red bird flies through the vermillion gate', 'the lock of creation embraces the golden staff'.
U and Butterfingers stopped moving shortly before JARVIS himself fell silent. Even now, they sit inert in their charging stations, shrouded in an air of disuse despite their overall cleanliness. Steve is uncertain of just how much individual impetus they ever possessed to begin with, for they were always the more predictable and obedient of Tony's 'bots. For any given value thereof. Dummy is the 'quirky' one, simultaneously the oldest and most childlike of Stark's creations. Arguments surrounding code evolution, machine learning, and the possible development of independent (if not exactly 'free') will are enough to make the old soldier dizzy in under five minutes, and it's hardly an area he'd pretend to know anything about. All he knows it what he sees-- 'anecdata', Tony called it. Dummy is
[+] The other artist mentioned is Franz Xaver Winterhalter. The criticism is typical of his work, but I still like him. ;-)
He has his anomalies-- gems that can never be told (and which he can rarely acknowledge) how exceptional they are. Pepper, Rhodey, Bruce. Even Clint and Natasha surprise him occasionally (rather spectacularly in regards to the former). And Steve, whose looks cut through the armor-- literal and metaphorical-- as if it isn't there at all, who rarely disappoints and often astonishes, his challenges setting fire to Tony's blood no matter how weary he is with the world. There are feelings there-- though they go willfully unrecognized. It happens. Another nuisance of organic chemistry, these… by-products. Every now and then they get so strong as to become variables Stark must factor in, but he'll be damned before he hangs a specific label on them. Particularly any starting with the letter 'L'. (Unless it's 'liability'-- after Ultron, _that_ can hardly be denied.)
"I'm sure they would be happy to take your money," the smaller man says, trying to gentle his gut reaction even as he feels Stark tense, "but there's not much they can do. These things happen… often enough that I carry the pills to begin with."
The interrupted evolution of these inventions-- here a new 'bite' for Widow, a specialized expanding utility belt for Hank, there a circular contraption that looks vaguely related to Iron Man's HUD interface-- extrudes a sense of limbo that has begun to infect to the entire floor. Perhaps that is another reason Steve often finds himself down here, for the aimlessness of shock and bereavement seems not unlike the fate once promised unbaptized children. He has come to suspect, despite the semantic games of doctrine, that purgatory and even Hell itself have never been places of flame.
Even if the Grandmaster doesn't fire Tweedle Dee for the follies of Tweedle Dumb, the life Steve had is like Babylondon, which G-d struck from the Earth so thoroughly even the island on which it stood disappeared. The story of Lot's wife teaches one not to look back, but that's a hard command to follow when someone you love might be left to make their own way in the ashes.
He's blushing now, a sad tell that always involves his whole thin frame, while their mutual expectant gazing spins out into interminable silence.
, who inspired me to go back and take a look at what I had written of chapter two, which was more than I recalled. Submitted for your approval/whumping, a grieving!Steve of a dimension not too far from 616.
"What day is it?" Steve asks, trying to hike the whole garment up so he isn't tripping over it.
The very thought of his own life so carelessly and unwittingly avoiding intersecting with his mate's fills Steve with a sense of visceral repugnance, quite at odds with the fact he isn't certain intellectually that he wishes to be bonded at all. The dual beliefs (
Every day for almost two weeks, Steve has entered the SHIELD conference room designated as their C&C to face the blind yet somehow accusing stares emanating from the massive main screen. The tally is up to eight disappearances-- two more than when the mystery first came to their attention. Given that the first few cases had intervals of several months between them, the frequency is picking up at an alarming rate. Each face is that of someone taken without warning, snatched on some mundane errand with not a lick of evidence left in their wake. Adam Brashear, who disappeared in the 52 meter breezeway between canteen and laboratory at JPL. Mark Cadmon, respected neurosurgeon and responsive prosthetics pioneer, who disappeared on a path in Yellowstone National Park when his wife briefly turned away to take a picture. Bobbi Morse, up-and-coming biology graduate student at Cambridge, whose friends lost track of her in a crowded bar-- no indication on CCTV that she ever left via the building's single exit, but absent all the same. A biochemist, a programmer, the mastermind behind an enormous internet startup company, an Air Force pilot rumored to be in the running for the first manned mission to Mars. An acoustic weapons specialist who never returned from taking out the trash; and Jane, who left Darcy for what should have been a five-minute check of equipment on the observatory's second tier.
it a miracle? It would be hard to argue otherwise.
Lithe and deceptively delicate in a sky blue gown, Helen had accepted Tony's hand-off of Steve with the same aplomb of being passed champagne.
"Hades on his throne!" the alpha swears in fear and dismay, having opened the door more quickly than Steve anticipated, especially given the fact the privacy locks had been engaged. The effort to rise only serves to leave him standing on his knees and, as the fit of hacking deepens, he can only double over on one of the endless white rugs. "What is it?" Tony asks, seemingly at his side in an instant. "Steve, babe, what--"
But it is not a human geometry, Stark is forced to admit to himself.
This is madness! He has fallen into a land of attitudes and expectations so foreign he might as well be on one of the Imperium's infant colonies. If the intersection of fate and random circumstance affected him alone, he would still be overwhelmed, but at least he would be free of the guilt that hass been nagging him-- however distantly, thanks to heat and pheromones-- since he lost sight of Bucky's face in the crowd nights ago. Barnes has always refused to divulge just how he managed to get
himself was delicious and (though memories of last day or so are more than a little bit jumbled) Rogers is pretty sure there isn't a centimeter of his body the alpha hasn't become intimately acquainted with. Though he'd never put much thought into the mating habits of alphas-- such contemplation seemed unsafe, like thumbing one's nose at the Devil, the solicitude still strikes Steve as… unexpected.
While his team boasts members of incredible skill and power, Steve himself has never felt so
It might also be possible-- with no direct admission, no sir!-- that a little research may have occurred after he overheard Steve quietly rhapsodizing about some of the active surrealists in his day.
For a moment, Tony looks frustrated and almost baleful, but he's tender as he pries Steve's fingers from their rictus-grip in the soft bedding.
(Agents of SHIELD),
"None," Steve agrees, and allows the other man to put an arm around his shoulders. Not an attempt to provide comfort but rather to
- unashamedly cribbed from
"Good morning," Tony replies, stroking his mate's hair just once more, this time with a single and almost tentative finger. He seems both encouraged by the polite greeting and somewhat at a loss. The latter is not surprising. When he'd come to the Grandmaster's Alpha Club, the industrialist would only have expected free-flowing drink, drug, and entertainment-- certainly not a random
. Just a bunch of fuckery, more mind games-- thanks a lot, Wanda. Being called into account was just the same as the illusion, and Tony is familiar enough with that. Damned if you do and damned if you don't. For all his attention to detail, his attempted peace-offerings or shit about teamwork, Steve just doesn't
The liquid surrounding him barely qualifies as such. A gelatinous gray mixture, clear as glass and slippery as intestines pulled from some live and bleeding form, it bears down upon him with unexpected weight. Shifting position is out of the question, for he's been arranged so that his feet are propped flat against the vat-wall behind him. His achilles tendon has already filed a complaint. The height to which his restraints are drawn forces him to stand on his knees, with no give that would allow him to climb to his feet even if the substance didn't provide so much resistance. It squelches, it splashes and sloshes in every onomatopoetic aspect of water, but its as heavy as cement. There's a feeling of
That earns him an almost conspiratorial grin. "Guess not. Would you like me to see if I can arrange for us to leave?"
Rogers strokes the other man's hair out of deep and inexplicable kinship, focusing on the silky texture and his own evening respiration. His lungs tingle with remnants of the mist and he tips his head back, savoring all the little ways his body relaxes after an attack. As a child, he'd sometimes thought of the tales of changelings after the Burn: the scrawny creatures Ruin-folk produced in those rare instances radiation did not render them sterile. It was supposedly the aim of all debased tribes to find some pure human infant unattended and secretly make an exchange since, while not as healthy uncorrupted normal babies, changelings did look remarkably similar in their early lives. It was only as they matured that their abhorrent nature became unmistakable, and Steve remembers carefully examining his own body in the brief privacy of their small bathroom, looking for tumors, toes growing into hooves, buboes, or any of the other myriad signs of degeneration. He passes his tongue over dry lips, thinking how funny childhood fears are… and the backhanded way they sometimes come true.
stories also star one of the toughest swords-women you'll ever encounter. "Miracle in Three Dimensions" made me think of Steve, though, and the timing is right.
out with soap.
The Avengers are in the midst of different epidemic-- one of absence. A rash of missing persons cases that has thus far been saved from public exposure due only to the very selective criteria for vanishment.
'I'm house-broken?' Steve replied faintly and, while he would later discover she was prodigiously intelligent and amazingly adroit in navigating academic politics, it was her unaffected laughter that endeared her to him, putting him at ease.
"Breakfast," Stark says, communicating the word more through vibration than sound. He takes a step back, clearing calming himself. "Before I sink my teeth into something else entirely."
"Second of the ten-day," is the absent reply. The businessman is already playing quick, clever fingers over the touch screen, no doubt checking stocks, messages, news alerts, and any of the other myriad aspects of connectivity that compose his professional life. Vaguely, Steve marvels over the juxtaposition of this consummate business stag with the flagrant libertine portrayed by the media, but a greater part of him is focused on a more prosaic surprise. The Church keeps a more traditional calendar-- supposedly a hold-over from Old Earth-- but Rogers is used to seamlessly translating between it and secular time-keeping. The last date he remembers is nine of the ten-day, always a hectic time at the club, comparable to the old Saturn's Day frenzies of Pre-Burn chronology. Now here he is with Tony, three days later, with only a directionless and sensual fugue to show for his missing time.
With Stark, of course, it's different. What ought to sound condescending comes off as somehow charming, an invitation to share a private joke. There's real affection there-- Rogers can sense it even without the bond, and the emphatic augmentation makes each sobriquet feel like the lapping of a warm sea. The behavior is brash, dazzling, and utterly natural, the same way Tony's entrance instantly puts him in control of any given room. Steve's had a few glimpses of the business magnate before, always from the safety of back passageways and servant's stairwells that riddle the club, invisible as all the Grandmaster's staff are meant to be. The alpha is difficult to miss, even from a distance. On the raised gambling pavilion, where the golden columns and railings give the overall impression of an expensive birdcage; out in the mezzanine during revue intermissions, mingling with a crowd that always parts for him like the sea before Moses' staff. Stark's legitimacy is that of a liger striding through its territory-- command by virtue of
that fly between continents, between galaxies bridged by a rip in space and time. If Steve's strike team now consists of a 'god', two former spies, a giant green rage monster, and a married couple who can each change size at will… well, it's easier to summon belief (or at least the suspension thereof) for _that_ than it is to face some of the future's less savory aspects. Wars fought no longer just between nation-states, but with shadowy ideologies that bleed over borders; diseases like AIDS; ebola and anthrax cooked up in labs.
[+] 1.5 billion people is (very) roughly equivalent to the population of Earth in the mid to late 1800's. Given the limited number of viable survivors, the rigors of space travel and establishing a colony, I figure it would take considerable time for a 'futuristic' reboot of civilization to reach today's numbers.
Not-so-neatly side-stepping the memory
"Pep, Pep," he can hear Tony saying, like some codeword or echo in a schoolyard game. Red Rover, Alpha-May-I. "When the transport's here, just put in on stand-by, I don't know--" Then, more distinctly, "Steve! Steve!," in a way that travels down the bond like the most industrious of winter winds, chill fingers always finding the slightest gap in threshold or window frame. Rogers shivers uncontrollably, though in truth he is flushed hot with his folly and his fear.
Tony usually tells Rhodey he's a dope who willfully passed up all the good drugs in college, but that's what this feeling is. The room is swimming in it, up to the ceiling without any air pockets, drenched in it like cosmic radiation on the dark side of the moon. May he be forever saved from the 'atmospheric'! If you can't pin it down, measure, slice, weld, diagram, or ignite it, then Tony isn't interested. This can be quantified too, he's certain. Yes, some of it is likely his own natural reaction to enforced _inaction_-- Stark may be his own devil, but he's proof enough of the old saying about idle hands. A far larger part can likely be attributed to the little spa treatment he's receiving. He does not for one moment believe there isn't something in the silvery goop affecting him, by accident or by design. Certainly, it has not escaped his notice that he has neither voided his bladder or moved his bowels since he woke in this tub. Having partaken of many a pharmaceutical and/or recreational drug in his day, he recognizes an altered state of consciousness when he experiences it. As 'trips' go, this one is unpleasant but not particularly exciting-- no one's going to be bottling this shit for a rave any time soon. Hell, it can't even compete with his rogue's gallery of remembered hallucinations. Tony knows he got lucky in the fact no drug ever really got its hooks in him, but he still inherited Howard Stark's achilles heel.
A superstitious certainty has been growing in Steve ever since the medic called TOD. The instinct is embarrassing and immovable.
Then, abruptly, there is nothing to struggle against. The alpha unhands his mate, and they stare at one another for several long, protracted moments while their chests heave in tandem for separate reasons entirely. The bond vibrates with emotionally charged color/scents which do not echo the expression on Tony's face-- or at least the way Rogers would have interpreted it without added psychic insight. What he sees is a look of astonishment and concern tempered by the self-assurance that pervades the features of any fortunate stranger to defeat, and something Steve might have labeled irritation. What he
Sage, was the name. A female artist, a pioneer in the juxtaposition of everyday objects with strange, bleak clarity and landscapes, as though all were viewed through a lens of unapologetic crystal. She did a lot of eggs, and Tony supposes she was technically very good, even if she didn't stir his particular interest. There was something disorienting…
it. You the only beta I know with the guts to take on an alpha, and you don't even have the firepower to back it up.'
-- like Steve are still rare. Right now, Tony is getting his first look-- by no means objective just yet-- at his mate: gangly, sharp-shouldered, possessed of boney chest and protruding ribs that make him look perpetually half-starved no matter much food Bucky surreptitiously moves onto his plate. His palms are too big, fingers slender enough to favor artistic pursuits and, while he is considered of surprisingly acceptable… intimate size for a beta, such endowments are considered too much to make for an attractive omega. The less said about the width of his hips in relation to successful birthing, the better.
Tony, seasoned abductee though he may be, lost track of time disturbingly early in this ordeal, and his prison only exacerbates the issue. Not a gap in the confines to let in a waxing and waning sliver of sunlight, not a sound from weather on the roof or traffic in the greater environs by which to extrapolate some temporal reference. All is silence, moments oozing by with slow but irregular protraction, leaving his head to throb and his shoulders to ache from the strain of his hands being bound above his head. Who's to say how long he's been gone, or even when during his latest engineering binge he was snatched? Timekeeping has never been his strong suit, even when not in the all-hallowed creative zone, and FRIDAY doesn't fabricate spurious interruptions to bring him up for air the way JARVIS did.
Tony now knows more about art theory than he ever wanted to, having listened to any number of discussions between Steve, Natasha, Pepper and (the traitor) sometimes even Bruce.
Resentful humor; laughter after a sock in the jaw, your mouth full of bloody teeth. Part of it stems from the institutionalized use of betas for titillation and the fact unbounded alphas consider coupling with them a safe outlet for lust. Technically, alpha/beta intercourse is illegal, but political or financial visibility can achieve a paradoxically remarkable amount of discretion. People are always willing to look the other way for the right price.
but it's actually too late now. Rejection, if it were possible at all given the apparent strength of their connection, would have taken place in the initial scenting phase. Rogers rationalizes the fluttering sensation of being
Tony bobs back up with just as little warning as when he laid his head down and, as Steve reacts to the sudden motion, his chin almost collides with the alpha's skull. Both of them manage to dodge in time, which leaves them nose-to-nose with one another, so close Rogers can see the flecks of deep cadmium gold which hide in his bondmate's dark eyes. He licks his lips again, mouth suddenly far more dry than may be accounted for by mere medicinal side-effects.
Feeling useless, every inch archaic, Steve paces in Tony's old play-land. He should sleep-- he's been up seventy-two hours and, while his tolerance of prolonged wakefulness is impressive, there's a reason Coulson and Jan bullied him back to the Tower. There's nothing he can do right now, without an enemy to outwit or a fortress to storm. Their present operation is still in the investigative phase, largely in the all-too-qualified hands and minds of Hank, Bruce, and even Reed. All the same, still he cannot shed the sense of wrongness, of inaction and alienage clinging to his skin.
In Tony's bed, Steve discovered himself to be an unabashedly tactile lover, well suited to the man who groused even as he obviously soaked up the affection, later making oblique references to Banner about Howard and wire monkeys. Even before that warmth and camaraderie, when Steve found himself constantly tongue-tied or wrong-footed around the engineer who played host to the Avengers, there had been Iron Man. The sometimes unfathomable witticisms, the solid (if sarcastically named by Clint) 'hug-and-fly', the armor Rogers could dent only with extreme deliberate effort-- no worries about breaking things or people when Captain America literally forgot his own strength. He and Tony moved towards the same wavelength gradually, a one-step-forward/two-steps-back foxtrot that left Steve as hopeless as he was on the real dance floor, but Cap and Iron Man were simpatico from word 'go'.
unaware of his true status.
'Victimology,' Coulson calls it.
He's not
of continuance-- he knows any remnant of Stark's spirit is animated only his own grasping desire. Echoes of his lover advise him at the oddest moments, but the world itself needs a flesh-and-blood Tony as a resource against the increasingly strange and hostile universe. While in no way disparaging the talents of Bruce or Dr. Pym, the team leader must acknowledge the palpable absence where Iron Man's genius-- his unique perspective and mind-boggling insights-- should be.
His impaired state is likely responsible for the gaps in his memory,
imprint occurs; in the end, they're at the mercy of either biology's caprice or their parents' ambition. But if you're an alpha, already your own master in an Imperium of 1.5 billion people, the odds are a bit better you can stay that way.
"'M alright," Rogers says, in typical blatant defiance of the facts. He stumbles towards the sink in its little alcove, the functional parts of the room being clustered in a recess absurdly like a church vestibule. "It's fine. Just nerves."
"Thank you," is Steve's eventual response, in part to soothe the less-than-reasonable protectiveness common in newly-bonded alphas. It doesn't sound particularly placating, but the darkness edging around Stark's expression shows he too is aware of the clamorous world outside their borrowed chamber door. The inventor, of course, will have more fiduciary concerns to consider-- that, and his balance on the dizzying cat's cradle tightrope that is life in the corridors of Imperium power. You might be able to come up with a list of potential bondmates that present more of a political liability than himself, Rogers realizes, but it would be a short list, and it would take a while. His Ma would remind him to be himself, since 'people will think what they like no matter what you say'.
"I believe you," Rogers tells him, reinforcing this with an earnest nod. A part of him feels guilty-- for the inchoate accusation, the illicit knowledge from the bond, and his own statement of faith when he's not fully certain what they're talking about. It feels like a splinter in his own heart, though the protective shielding he developed long ago argues that only G-d can issue penalties for a person's private thoughts. Perhaps that explains the old aphorism, then: 'Alphas still your tempers, betas still your tongues but, in the stillness of omegas, G-d requires the sum.'
Seconds slip by as in a lava hourglass whose neck is too narrow, dollops protracting into grotesquely elongated tears. Managing perhaps only three breaths in the interim, Steve is immeasurably relieved by Tony's return, gaze riveted on the life-saving vial held in those strong, elegant fingers. Perhaps only twice the circumference of a stylus and small enough to disappear entirely in Bucky's fist (though not quite so swallowed by Steve's), the container is made of a pale durasteel that, despite the material's known longevity, still has enough wear to betray omnipresence in its owner's life. The day Rogers received it has passed out of memory, lost with the day he first learned to toddle or grasp things in a tiny, pudgy hand. The stopper is attached by a short chain, the only 'ornament', save where his initials are inexpertly stained along the side. The last bit is Steve's doing, using a laser pen and cobalt flame-dye-- one of the many amateur skills he's picked up in a long string of woefully short machining jobs. The vial has been tossed, kicked, stepped on, and given the old heave-ho into puddles only slightly more often than Steve himself, but it is the tiny, chalky capsules within the watertight tube that are truly dear.
gone to a clinic, would they have been able to identify him then? He's never had another episode like it, never been subject to the heat cycles which are supposed to follow. Shuddering, Steve finds himself ridiculously grateful to Bucky's resourcefulnessf and his own aversion to medical care. It's bought him years of liberty he might not have had otherwise, to say nothing of the fact his meeting with Tony would have been averted.
"Honey," Tony tells him with no small amount of pride, "I have a skim-shuttle. We can be in Hu'Maliwo in forty-five minutes."
that term!) constitution. During his official classification as a beta, he'd been given all the clinical reasons why he was a genetic dead-end. He'd listened politely to the healer's apprentice, of course, though he could easily given the lecture chapter and verse himself. It was only what he'd heard from every teacher, healer, priest, and Church acolyte since he was old enough for schooling. Now the grotesque cosmic joke is perfectly, irrationally obvious: G-d, who supposedly knew better than to allow Steve's genes to spread, has in fact pulled the ultimate bait-and-switch.
If he can just keep everything right, everything ready and waiting in Tony's inner sanctum, then this mistake may yet be rectified. 'Do-overs, do-overs!' they'd call in the play yard. It's stupid, so stupid-- didn't he get bawled out more than once for telling the bigger boys there were no 'take-backs'? He can't help it, though, and the legal limbo Tony had the foresight to contrive for the protection of his company and inventions only bolsters that belief. Afghanistan, Gulmira, the mansion a crumbling fireball as it fell off the Malibu cliff… people have counted Stark out only to eat their own words.
"Are you afraid of me?" Stark asks, too absorbed in the inquiry to sound hurt. His face is that of a man presented with ancient Pre-Burn runes, or some esoteric quantum formula. He's trying to
"I'm not afraid of anything." It's a reflexive response, and actually not quite true. Steve has known fear, as all rational creatures must at some point, he just never lets it stop him. It's a distinction most people don't understand and, if the bravado of the absolute must stand in its place, so be it. "I
Smiling ruefully, Tony considers the advice. 'A prisoner's first obligation…' He hardly needs to be told that, having written the proverbial book on modern day escapes, but there's something about hearing the words in Steve's voice that makes them sound more… solid. There's a quality in super soldier's bearing that has nothing to do with the serum, an earnestness his mannerisms that draws Tony even as it aggravates him. The push and pull of the tide; a desire for union that also frequently sounds like an argument. In ("no, I didn't!"), out ("yes you did!"). He'd never in a million years say as much, especially not now, but the entire team had responded to that essence in Steve-- had, at times, been held together by it. Captain America, the great binding polymer, whose capacity for belief made things
(aka the Blue Marvel),
Whatever anyone on the outside might think, Steve has never seen a reason to be unhappy with the life he and Bucky lead. Sure, he's wanted more sometimes, but doesn't everyone? As a boy, he had wanted adventure, like the garbled tales of Old Earth his mother used to read to him, but there isn't much room for that in the Imperium. If he'd been of solid stock, like Bucky, they both might have signed up for an experimental colony-- rough living for betas only as they toiled to make things decent for the population to follow. Everything about humanity's expansion has to be slow and methodical, the recruiting films say. Alphas make the plans, betas carry them out and, when all is said and done, omegas will be moved to ready-made worlds with no material difference from the one they've left.
about her work, as if you were looking over your own shoulder. Rhodey calls it 'getting bitten by reality'-- that fleeting feeling of alienation from yourself that brings on thoughts of 'where would I be if I wasn't here?' and 'what is 'I', anyway?'. As in, '
'Are you sure, Buck?' he almost asks aloud. He stops himself at the last minute, not that it counts for much. 'I wish I was sure.'
This chamber seems contrived to make him acknowledge himself, as laughable as that sounds. Solitary confinement has its side effects (many of which come on more quickly than expected), and he's had more than his fair share of time in the hole, but this is something
Returning to the Tower the first time…
supposed to be.
, April 1939. My grandfather was a huge pulp science fiction fan, which pretty much meant those were my bedtime stories. C.L. Moore is one of the pioneering female writers in the science fiction/fantasy field and one of my personal favorites but, if you're just giving her a try, I wouldn't start with this one. I highly recommend
But people can be haunted just as easily as places. Perhaps more so.
"If the next word out of your mouth is 'adorable', we're going to have a problem," Steve informs him mulishly, focusing on the robe's irksome sash even as his face heats again.
to titillate their audience, though. I can promise you that."
. He has neither seen nor interacted with his captors, catching not one glimpse before the blow to his head brought blackness rushing fetid over his consciousness. (And how could FRIDAY-- while not as thoroughly integrated into the infrastructure as JARVIS-- have been interfered with to a degree that would let 'them' get so close?)
Though he does not know his location, the identity of his captors, or the purpose of his confinement, Tony Stark has come to one inescapable conclusion: the accommodations are simply unacceptable.
"Yeah!" he calls back, bracing himself against the marble sink, palms flat and arms locked straight at the elbows. No, no, don't tense up! "I've got this!"
"Yeah, but you make everything look easy, sweetheart," Rogers says-- quietly, but very much aloud. His lips quirk slightly, though so painfully, as he speaks the endearment. It never failed to make his lover shiver faintly, delight repressed under a theatrical glower. Who else but Tony Stark could bristle and preen all at once?
Fisting his hands in the couch's accompanying ratty blanket, frayed at the edges from the many fumblings of Dummy and U, Steve feels a fresh sting of screaming and cancerous grief. There's no escaping the scent of grease, oil, and other less identifiable chemicals in Tony's inner sanctum, but the
In the oppressive quiet of his strange, vault-like cell, Tony begins to sense a change. The specifics are at first indiscernible, like the sensation of altering air pressure when a plane takes off or lands. Then he's certain it is his ears popping, painfully, though his time as Iron Man has previously rendered him fairly immune. But no-- what his brain is trying to translate is actually a shift in
"I love your blush," Stark murmurs, the barest hint of fang nicking against his captive's earlobe. "It makes me want to lick it off you." They're rocking a little, almost slow-dancing, though Steve doesn't actually know how. "You haven't answered my question," he prompts gently, though Rogers would bet good money the alpha does not at present remember what the aforementioned question was either.
Dr. Cho's image is particularly difficult to look at. Steve actually met her-- just the once, but she was the sort of person who made an impression, the way one remembers a particularly vibrant sunset or graceful feat of architecture. It was, of course, one of those seemingly endless fundraisers and charity galas Tony used to drag him to.
Once, not too long ago and punctuated by impassioned kisses, Steve himself had called it a miracle-- the cheating of time and death, his own transformation, and everything in between.
, alright? Ever."
Tony's ghost suggests.
' the schoolyard alphas used to tease. '
A/B/O fics kind of… invalid? ^^'' I enjoy reading them, I just never thought they'd be in my repertoire. Apparently I missed a memo somewhere.
naked, an intoxicating scent cresting over him in waves, alien, inescapable, and yet familiar as his own skin.
genuine alarm-- for as long as he can remember, the only nonthreatening touch he's known has been that of his mother or Bucky. His size always made him easy pickings for schoolyard displays of pack hierarchy and, rather than lament or rail against such matters, he instead quickly developed a swiftness and agility that exploits his slight frame. He's been called a slippery little bastard more than once.
that choice, to run from G-d, the gods, or just random operation of circumstance, and hope to remain free agents. Most omegas end up in political, arranged bonds if no
'Watch him for me, will you?' Stark asked, already moving away. 'I know it's safe to leave him with you!'
"Yes," Steve replies simply, which is apparently enough for the alpha to draw him in tightly, taller form bowing over the smaller. Tilting his face up, relieved at the all-encompassing embrace and the knowledge they are at least united in honesty and confusion, the omega finds himself once more staring at the lazy drifting of the impartial fish above. Mostly to himself, he says, "Those really aren't helping."
. While they take place in the same universe, each can be read on their own. This thing just bit into my ankle and wouldn't let go.
"I wouldn't," the alpha intones, trying for briskly factual and failing. "I
-- were far preferable to the disappointingly prosaic nature of 'reality'.
After all, Tony had him disarmed before the battle really even began.
her, mangled and abandoned like meat in some dead-winter butcher's alley. The thought is quickly chased by self-censure that the emotions are not more immediate. Dr. Cho-- and Dr. Samson-- suffered greatly, a fate which hangs ominously over the eight abductees still unaccounted for. Rogers has seen the thousand-yard stare, unmistakable to a soldier such as he, that washes over Thor's normally animated face, and he knows his comrade must picture Jane every time the known fatalities are discussed. It should impact Captain America more… but not much does, these days. He experiences everything as an amputee might register phantom pain. The sensation is there but the limb is not; Schrodinger's ultimate contradiction.
Because talking is silly and hard. ;-)
like worried pacing. Aimless fretting, the way Steve himself sometimes feels inside. Stepping past that circle, like some grammar school chalk game, the captain comes to stand before the 'bot, unlit and unmoving on the charging platform. He gets down on his hunches to pet what Tony nominally treated as Dummy's 'head', and it seems then that exhaustion clamps around him all at once, just as night would suddenly revert to true darkness after a mortar barrage.
This chapter is dedicated to
"Pep, I have to go." The words are uttered by some being outside the swirl of madness. Then his name again, much louder, as though from all directions-- within, and without. "Steve," Tony says, the tolling of a remorseful bell, "I'm sorry, but I'm coming in."
Tony-whump, pre-Civil War AU, lots of Steve(s), super-sekrit art club, lots of comfort to wash down the hurt.
Certainly, there'd been no Steve to knock on the glass with monotonous determination, protein shake or sandwich in hand, practically standing at parade rest like the combined forces of Asgard wouldn't move him until Tony ate. A puzzling anomaly for, though Cap and Iron Man had become a well-oiled if snarky machine on the battlefield, two out of five non-uniform conversations still ended… less than amicably. Yet there he'd be, all six foot plus of super soldier-- buff, blond, and totally unmoved by Tony's lack of gratitude. Once, the man brought him carrot sticks. Carrot sticks! Needless to say, vociferous protests about not being the class pet rabbit and accusations of insincere attempts at team bonding bounced off Cap like bullets off Vibranium. By no means frequent or predictable, it still happened often enough for Stark to determine that he was missing some variable in causation.
were fabulous, and Rhodey-- in the tones of the perpetually burdened-- told Stark to please stop saying 'fabulous'. Technically homeless (okay, between unexploded domiciles) Tony had lasted two days in a mansion-less Malibu before retreating to one of his bolthole labs in Arizona. It was temporary, he told Pepper; just until the Tower was finished, he assured Rhodey, still working on all sorts of gadgets for you and yours.
Steve feels like a traitor now. The creature reflected in the numerous, narrow mirrors inlaid about the room is no different from the person he was four days ago, save for the regalia of robe and visible love-bites. Yet the reflection now looks and feels quite alien, as when one stares at a particular word or phrase for so long it ceases to make sense. It's wrong, it's all wrong somehow, and he feels his chest constrict as anxiety crests over him, no longed levied back by the bond and its attendant biochemicals.
As always, thank you so much for taking the time to read! I'd love to know what you think!
The memory of that time is like a fever dream, filled with unfocused anxiety and insidiously sliding colors. He wonders now if the incident wasn't his body's aborted attempt at the 'Presentation' omegas typically endure on the cusp of adolescence. If he
Some of the larger clusters are presided over by impressive blank screens, but still more feature an ominous emptiness where holographic displays once hovered for their creator's reference and tactile manipulation. Tony had coaxed Bruce into the Avengers Tower with promises of an R&D wonderland, clearly gratified by the physicist's reaction, but Steve had known enough to be astonished as well. He couldn't see it from their perspective, of course, or articulate his awe in any way that wouldn't sound profoundly foolish. Yet his had been the amazement of someone who can appreciate a marvel as-is, without needing to deconstruct it. 'A miracle
for there is no treachery greater than that of his own dreams.
Normally, Steve hates to be fussed over, hates the limitations of a body which refuses to accommodate the spirit within. Both Bucky and Peggy know to hand him his pills and turn away, providing at least an illusion of privacy and remnant dignity. Stark's attention and consideration inspire not hot irritation, but a bleeding warmth, as if Steve has donned a mantle of sunshine that can soothe even the coldest hidden marrow of his bones. Perhaps it is only the implied reassurance of his alpha's acceptance
Steve wonders, for there must yet be cooking grease and dish soap under his nails. He'd tried to clean up when Bernie ordered him out on the floor, clad in a borrowed servitor's uniform that practically hung off his frame. The Grandmaster would not care that they were seriously understaffed and the ill-prepared shift leader had known as much, just as she'd been certain Steve wasn't in a position to disobey. The club has clear standards of aesthetics and professionalism and, at the time, he'd been half-afraid his employment would end before the night itself did. Oh, to be at once right and so devastatingly wrong! Ruefully, he considers it something of a miracle Tony was able to scent him at all over the pungent mixture of a thousand exotic spices and plate scrapings.
have been pressured into giving 'private shows'. Nor is it uncommon for guests to bring beta companions-- not into the public dining or entertainment areas, of course, but to chambers such as the one he and Tony are utilizing now. It's all there, writ large in a lascivious wink or the tap of a few deca-credits into someone's personal PADD, as ubiquitous and transparent as the air they breathe.
The sentiment is much appreciated-- almost sweet, though he's as yet no judge of his alpha's conscious character-- but hardly material. Given Tony's fame (or infamy) the story has almost certainly been beamed around the entire planet and back by now, noted in every digitized journal and covered by any holo-program even touching on science, industry, academia, or politics. The minute Steve disentangles himself from his enticing new mate, he's going to have a more-than-academic understanding of just what a nightmare this is. It's going to hit him like a ton of bricks-- like a right hook from Rumlow, that bastard alpha prime of the schoolyard. Rogers never backed down from a dust-up with the behemoth, but he almost never came out on top, either. 'Sometimes,' Bucky would say, 'I think you
Even if things are not as they so briefly were ('the only constant is change,' Howard's voice intones), even if their little superhero clubhouse gave a false impression of intimacy, the Avengers aren't
, if you please) how wrong everything has begun to feel. A foolish endeavor, undertaken only in his sleep-deprived excitement at finally being able to articulate the problem in his own mind. Of all the outlandish things he's encountered since waking in that submarine-- the awful, the astonishing, and the absurd-- the Chitauri…
- from "Disloyal Order of Water Buffaloes" by Fall Out Boy.
. Pointless of course, especially in that moment, facing hazel eyes full of practiced Ivy League compassion behind their armor of sensible glasses. He could see it written right there along the edges of her pupils; that the concern was real because, when you have a rare specimen, you don't break it or allow it to be destroyed.
to him," Pepper had said, as if she wasn't suggesting a radical new approach in Tony's relationship with his teammate, much less a paradigm shift in his interactions with human beings in general. Of course, he did not; he barely communicated with Pepper herself or even Rhodey, sticking to weekly, 'hey, haven't died from alcohol poisoning or lack of self-care' call or text for each. And how were they? They were negotiating various mergers and one Hammer-related patent dispute (Pepper) or bringing the 'new kids' up to snuff (War Machine). In short, overworked but fabulous. Tony said
- in this 'verse, the formal equivalent of 'Miss/Mr.' for omegas. 'Citizen' is used for alphas and betas.
Stark, who has been lingering on the opposite side of the door for longer than his vocalizations would have indicated, is at last moving away. Steve can sense the other man forcing his attention elsewhere. A moment later, a distant, one-sided conversation begins. "Still here, Pep. Yeah. Well, if that's true then I want you to land on them with both of your dainty but oh-so-capable feet! … Well, no, but if I'm not prepared for this, I can guarantee he isn't either-- he's not a pawn and I won't have him treated like one!"
How many low and crumbling walls did they lean against, he and his men, listening for footsteps or goddamn horse-hooves in the distance? All those tins of food from the ruins of houses and not one can-opener between them. Fucking spoiled, Morita said, and then showed them how to do it using a knife *without* cutting off their fingers. And on the remaining brick, there was often peeling paint-- everything from advertisements for chemist's remedies to war propaganda or KILLROY WAS HERE.
Bucky's voice echoed from the past,
-- to this degree when the whole situation is like a comet slashing through the night sky? So bright it blinds, making it difficult to tell just what the falling object is beyond simply gorgeous, amazing, and very obviously a harbinger of change.
it, as one would with a merge meal.
The bond's intensity should ebb though, he thinks, inner voice unconsciously adopting the uniformly encouraging tone of EduComputers from his youth. They'll each get a handle on their own end, for practicality's sake at least. Sheer self-preservation. Stark certainly won't want his inexperienced, public-educated bondmate exposed to the plethora of sensitive information in the industrialist's mind. Perhaps comforted by the promise of future privacy, or even by his alpha's psychic solicitude, Steve watches his own pale, blue-tinged complexion begin to revive in the mirror, leaving a reflection that seems more familiar than anything he's seen so far this bizarre morning.
'I would have thought all that outrageous tech might give you the willies,' Jan had remarked one day, the short of breezy stealth-interrogation she often carried out in the communal kitchen. Steve had blushed pointlessly, the newness of the situation still leaving him stunned by the number of deadly, capable, and unmistakably beautiful women who strode purposefully in and out of the Tower. Ladies, though Bucky might have called them 'dames' just to see what would happen-- and boy, would he have been in for a surprise!
May I present Chapter Two: in which Steve considers the situation in a larger context and very quietly panics, Tony panics less quietly, and the boys manage to communicate without really talking.
"How's that working out for you?" the smaller man asks, taking one of those calloused hands in his own and squeezing gently. The rumors must be true-- despite the stereotype of the aristocratic alpha, Stark must do a great deal of engineering work himself.
Steve recalls kissing it frantically as he laid against Tony's chest, distressed almost as if the wound were fresh. Knot anchored in his mate, Stark had soothed the omega soberly. Not a hint of the humor or cavalier wit which so characterized his public persona, only a solemnly repeated promise, '
Like a shift along the spectrum of light, his perception changes utterly while the world itself remains unaltered. What has been a fairly academic consideration of his 'new' biological identity and the consequences thereof-- terrifying enough for the cascade of changes it portends for his comfortable and prosaic life-- is cast suddenly in the ultra-violet of visceral, mortal dread. Even the bond he both treasures and fears is really only a means to an end for, since humanity's close brush with self-annihilation,
Mentions of past drug use, Howard's less-than-stellar parenting, mentions of underage sexuality (they did let Tony loose at MIT), irresponsible use of alcohol, non-graphic captivity/torture, PTSD, philosophical/Lovecraftian horror.
Steve's censure and disappointment in Tony had been just as palpable. Forget Thor's chokehold and impassioned ranting-- Tony could have cheerfully clocked Rogers one for that one tired glance. Of course the soldier had been angry and distrustful-- he'd never been the wraithlike corpse of Stark's vision, so he didn't
They chant together, invoking Anthony, the saint of all things missing:
Thank you so much for taking the time to read my story. If you could take a moment to comment and let me know what you think, I'd be forever in your debt! (And yes, this would involve sprinkles. ^_~)
Something shutters in Stark's interior castle then, a slamming echoed in his expression, though it seems the blocking of shadow than a refusal of illumination. Steve can't help but think of Old Earth ruins, the labyrinthine and often incomprehensible structures of pre-Burn civilization which were always said to be tenanted by atomic wraiths. The current world has no tradition of ghosts-- a thousand years of carefully designed civilization on a previously uninhabited world is hardly conducive to such things.
Steve, under the mask and up against his skin. As close as the heart that always beats wildly within his chest during any confrontation, no matter how calm or determined he may appear.
imprinting has drawn pairs together for one all-consuming purpose.
Tony looks up at this, what was obviously intended as only a swift glance quickly morphing into a prolonged and hungry gaze. His eyes are very arresting-- entrancing, their attention almost a palpable thing. A tongue, shockingly pink amongst bruise-colored lips and dark goatee, darts out briefly, as though tasting the air. "You look--"
His feelings on the matter have not changed, though they are often overwhelmed by resentment for what seems like a cosmic bait-and-switch. It leaves him feeling fickle, ungrateful, to rage at G-d for
' Familiar words, easy enough to obey. A barrage of thumping on the bathroom door quickly ruins the nascent rhythm, though-- especially when Steve startles at the sound of his mate's voice drifting in from the other side.
, he prays, directionless and unqualified.
says a phantom echo of the Grandmaster, right next to Steve's ear and seemingly at least as real as the renewed pounding at the bathroom door.
While he tries to entertain this thought with his hallmark irreverent humor ('I've been held hostage in classier joints than
The pointlessness of his presence, of all the exercises of mundane living, exhaust him. The world, radically altered by the encroachment of powerful beings and galactic forces, continues to need saving-- protecting. Thousands were impacted by the Chitauri incident, millions more may be wiped out the next time a would-be demiurge decides to take a run at planet Earth, and so Steve performs his duties as he always has, self withering away under the weight of a title he knows he asked for. He's like a
Stark returns with alacrity, studying his mate's face as he hands over a tall goblet of water, presumably from some decanter in the main suite. It may be that Steve's worries are as loud as they feel inside his own head-- the thought is almost preferable to the notion his expression has betrayed him. He has a lot of grit ('piss and vinegar', Reinstein called it once, having come upon a powder-wielding chorus beta helping Steve conceal a shiner) but, sheer hard-headedness aside, he'll never be a poker player. At times, he's been told he wears his thoughts on his sleeve. Which, he supposes, is better than his heart. Either way, Tony shakes his head, vehemently denying the unspoken fear of rejection. In a way, Rogers is fortunate; there are now so many anxious unknowns in his life that the deepest terror-- that of his suddenly alien body and the procreative aim of heat itself-- will be difficult for Stark to hone in on.
While these are not lunatic thoughts, they are not particularly sane ones, either. Steve's not
… Steve had found Pepper overseeing the only two workmen who could be trusted to 'winterize' the workshop (under JARVIS' direction) with watchful but reddened eyes. He never saw her truly weep for Tony, but he doesn't doubt her grief. Instead, she seemed to cry sporadic, unobtrusive tears for days at a time, briskly wiping them away as she went about her business, accepting neither comfort nor censure for her reaction. Some of the tools and minor projects had been inadvertently moved by the well-meaning laborers, but Steve-- whose photographic memory was enhanced by the serum, not solely a result of it-- merely waited until they were finished and then promptly put everything to rights.
to push them all.
Despite the likelihood that he himself is the topic of conversation, Rogers feels only relief as the coppery baritone fades a bit-- still audible, but just below the mind's ability to parse without active concentration. Tony is obviously still moving about in the large bedchamber. He strikes Steve as the sort to pace, not from frustration or anxiety, but because his restless body cannot travel the endless vistas of his mind.
"Just breathe-- you weren't breathing--" he says, as if Steve might not have noticed, "-- and tell me if there's anything I can do. I can get a doctor or a healer--" He seems to share Roger's opinion that such creatures are alien and not altogether trustworthy. Luckily, Steve's own feeling on the matter are emphatic enough to quell that line of inquiry without Tony raising his head to read the other man's thunderous expression.
"Shut up, shut up," Stark says with surprising ferocity. For all their vehemence, the words lack heat, leading Steve to believe the anger and negation are not aimed at him. If Tony has complaints to lodge with the Almighty, he may need to get in line. "Don't say things like that." As if to reinforce this, the alpha kisses his bondmate's fingers. Roger's bony digits are still wrapped tightly around the vial of pills, yet Tony touches them with lips as reverent as a believer kissing the ring of the Hierophant in New Rome.
"Do you think we have time before the next wave of…" the omega waves his hand vaguely, unable to think of a term that isn't either embarrassingly clinical or so steeped in beta patois as to be unintelligible to outsiders.
. Pon Farr was A/B/O fic before we had A/B/O fic. ;-)
-- he's fully aware his imagined conversations with Tony are just that, and that his pantomime is a poor one to boot. Denial is a part of the grieving process, the SHIELD-mandated therapist tells him; there are five stages, or eight, or twelve, depending on who you ask. There are support groups where you're supposed to talk about it-- which is fine, he supposes, assuming you can find the words-- and daytime talk shows willing to dissect it in a week-long series.
He's been placed in, of all things, some sort of vat. Carved from unbroken stone like every other feature of the cell, its rim extends just below eye-level, allowing the contents to engulf him up to his adam's apple. The distressing, inches-distant threat casts his mind repeatedly back to his torture in Afghanistan, though he quickly chokes (ha ha!) off the memories. Despite the constant low-grade anxiety this inspires, Tony almost wishes it were only water he's contending with.
As always, thank you for taking the time to read my story. If I could bother you a bit more to comment or kudos, I'd really appreciate it! Feedback is the true power behind dark matter-- scientists just haven't figured that out yet. ^_~
