-And second: Sometimes I really like those.
Of curse she had, it was her job!
Because those had been the perfect words. The perfect line. A line. That was what kept repeating in his head. The words had been just right, so right that someone might as well had written them.
It's just for a second or two their mouths connect in a small peck, and then they're embracing each other again.
His thoughts go to a not so happy place, when everyone started leaving, Lucifer was cast to the Underworld, God went away -not that Castiel had ever laid eyes on his father- and then there was the most painful leaving, Gabriel; he was finishing his training with Ana when it happened, usually the archangel would appear and take him either to Earth or to visit the few pieces of Heaven that existed at the time, but he didn't show that time. He had heard his older brother's sorrow over the current events, but that particular time, he had been quiet, for the first time in a long while.
The horror and mayhem was bigger than what anyone could have predicted once the battle was interrupted and not only Lucifer, but also their guide and sword, Michael, was tossed into the very confinement of Hell itself. And it was all due to pointless rebellion and stubbornness.
-Took you long enough!
He can't remember how long it was since his brother left until January 29th of 1979, and that day, he felt something stirring around him as he was doing his rounds, making sure all Heaven's doors were secure, the pull was almost electric, and it came from Earth.
Loud noises come from the room he's heading to, and as he enters it, the clear laughs can be heard coming from the three Winchesters sitting on the table filled burgers, fries and three different pies.
At least that’s what he had thought. What he had hoped.
We walk to it and finally exit the place, almost crashing into our family.
The man takes the beer in front of him and takes a swing of it.
I take a moment to look at him in his relatively new outfit, his dark blue jeans, the anckle lenght boots and the black shirt that makes his messy hair stand out. The whole view making me sigh.
-I'm not scared of them, I'm just...I'm not used to people jumping at me without having to deffend myself; I have to hold back from harming them.
Things that you'll regret, that's the list this is going to be written...in all capitals.
“The very touch of you corrupts. When Castiel first laid a hand on you in Hell, he was lost!”
Billie was going to kill them, because try as they might, no sigil could stop her long enough. And she was angry, at both of them, but more so at Dean. And she probably knew, she had to know. So, she would kill Cas first, she would kill him because he was there, like always, ready to bleed and hide and die with Dean.
-I know exactly where we are.
I take a deep breath before talking to the person pushing me forward.
I give him a confussed look, but I pick the gun offered to me.
Castiel notices with a smile the nudge the blonde gives her son, who right after, takes something from his pocket and hands it to her with a happy sigh.
But who would be left after he reached that freedom?
-I'm keeping an eye on you, Winchester.
Hope you liked it and if you want, feel free to leave a comment.
Dean had always told himself that those words were meant for him and Sam. The Winchesters. His friends. His family. He had constantly reminded himself about what Anna had said, that angels cannot love, they cannot feel. Castiel could be a friend, he could be family, and Dean would provide the feelings for the both of them. Then Isham had called him Cas’ “human weakness”. Just him. But Dean had been content with killing the bastard and forgetting about it. Because he couldn’t. He didn’t know how to do it.
It was only a matter of time before he did what he had always done: fuck up.
-No, I won't do it...I can't...I lo...
He couldn’t think about the times that Cas had put himself in the line of fire for them, the times he chose them over his brothers and sisters. The times he assured Dean that he would be by his side, no matter what. He couldn’t think about how afraid he was when thinking that all those memories were lies. He couldn’t think of the relief he felt that they were true, that they were real.
Yeah, those are the five worst ideas I've ever had -though I'm pretty sure starting the apocalypse a few times should rank higher on those lines.
Then I look at the one person I haven't turned to this whole time.
I try to remove the cloth covering my eyes, but a quick hand stops me.
I'm not sure if it's panic, or happiness, or just the "what the hell" thought that surges from within myself.
And it was on the thousands when he started picking his angel blade to try and harm the copies, not daring to look at them in the eye.
Fun Fact: I get axiety attacks on hunted houses because I feel the urge to punch the actors and I know I can't.
The only person in his life that couldn’t have...shouldn’t have cared about him...loved him.
I look around in confussion, finding Dean with a pair of hand guns that appear to be plastic and have orange tinted tips.
-Damnit, Cas! It was supposed to be a surprise.
4. Allowing Crowley seeing me sing on a karaoke bar...
But where had hope ever taken Dean?
With Ana gone, the garrison at his command, he received the orders almost gratefully, he had to save the object of his constant turmoil.
The angel watching over him, the one that followed him to the ends of the world without a question, loved him. And he had died just after letting him know that.
It's not passionate, it's not too rushed.
He couldn’t even stop to wonder how many of them were left. If it was just Sam.
He could deal with Sam’s anger after he made sure it was real. He could deal with the grief of losing Jack when he found out if his love for the kid really came from within him. And Cas...he could deal with Cas after it was all over, if he ever had to. But, in the meantime, he had to push them away so the fear couldn’t reach him. He had to convince himself that whatever hope his brother and best friend still harbored was useless and childish. He had to convince himself that Jack was different, that he wasn’t really family, that he was only part of the story, that he could afford to lose him.
Nothing.
I turn to him even though I can't see his face, squeezing his hand a bit to get his attention.
The word takes Dean by surprise, his eyes widening and mouth opening to say something, but not able to think of what.
My voice sounds nervous, crap.
Time after time, simple words such as "please", "don't", "Cas" and "family" would break the soldier to a million pieces and would leave him shattered on the ground begging for her to just kill him or even trying to do it himself a few times. She was pleased she had accidentally found a perfect punishment for him and kept repeating the words "I don't care, do it" to the pathetic form laying on the ground and hugging the lifeless body of the recently killed man.
Because that meant that there was no story to finish neatly; no third act to bring back hope before the end. No chances of a happy ending. He didn’t get another chance, because he had lost his last. God wasn’t going to snap his fingers and bring him back. Jack couldn’t use his powers to awaken him again. And he couldn’t follow behind, fall on his knees and pray.
-It was a nice dinner, Dean.
Immediately, his eyes fly to the owner of the voice, their eyes locking together and a different type of smile appearing of their faces.
-Oh you're so dead, angel.
-It's perfect.
As the two boys grew, Castiel not only could feel the power irradiating from the oldest, he found himself being able to see small glimpses of his soul, a beautiful soul beaming with great light, slightly resembling Michael's grace, but even more beautiful in the angel's eyes; none the less, it confused him further to develop this specific ability-seeing it only happened with Dean-, as far as he knew then, the only ones able to see human souls inside their bodies were archangels.
“What about me? Would you...trade me?”
He wanted to be angry. He wanted to rage at Castiel, to call him a child again and resent him for leaving before he could say anything other than the confused words that he managed to get out. But how could he? How could he get back up from the ground with a scowl when all he had left of the angel was the blood left on his jacket? Another echo of all the opportunities he had missed.
1. Ever thinking Claire driving Baby was a plausible thought.
-And by the way, that didn't count, he was distracted and unarmed.
Her voice was strong, she would not be disobeyed.
-Hey! What did I say about...
He gets up from the bed, not entirely sure how long he had been sitting on it and starring at nothing while remembering, he breathes deeply and heads outside the room.
Without looking up, the man agrees, concentrating really hard on one of the plates.
He had been angry. Angry because his entire life had been a lie. Angry because even after stopping the Apocalypse, he hadn’t been able to choose, to really choose. His life with Lisa and Ben, the one time he thought he had made it out, had been nothing but a chapter on a book. The mistakes he had made, those that he couldn’t stop thinking about, even after years and years. The lives, the deaths, all the things that had fallen one on top of the other from the moment John Winchester had given up his life (and his soul) to save his son, leaving him feeling nothing but emptiness and guilt. It would be so easy to pass the fault of all those things to Chuck; but he couldn’t do that. Chuck had made it his fault, and every day that Dean had thought that he was making his own choices was a day that he had allowed God to make him, and everyone he loved, his playthings.
-I don't see it like that.
More angels where lost but she finally had control over him, or so she thought right before seeing who the angel went for help. She decided to use that instead of trying to stop it.
I kiss his cheek and turn to the rest of the group, starring at us like some "fangirls" or whatever.
I look forward and suddenly, a proyectile is sent our way, hitting my arm with no pain whatsoever; when I pick it up, I notice it's made of foam.
-I thought you always say you don't like..."sappy moments".
Echoes began running through his head as Cas spoke, with each word, Dean could feel them growing louder, becoming clearer. Moments. Words. Thoughts. All of it racing as he tried to understand. It was all crashing around in his head at the same time, everything he hadn’t allowed himself to think for so long. But now he knew it had all been real. He knew that this one single part of his life, this one single person in front of him, the angel he was going to die with, he knew that he was real. He knew that the words coming out of his mouth were real. They had always been real...
It's not like it's actually scary, hell no, I've seen scarier crap having dinner at Jody's; no, what has my breathing hitching with these sorry attempts of jumpscares is the grip on my shoulder that tightens along with them.
Their fate was almost complete, the battle was taking place and only a small detail was different, and everyone forgot about the still loose strings, everyone but her.
No Jack. No Cas. No Sam.
It was upon the hundreds when the angel stopped crying and just stared at the ground, still unable to actually obey, but less resistance when they did it for him.
A burst of laughter comes at me, so freaking ridiculous.
-I like to see this day as sort of like an anniversary.
He chases after me, but I run a few steps before flying to the highest place still on ear range from him.
It took a while before Ana decided to talk to Raphael about it, Castiel wasn't doing his rounds, or his training, he would only wait still by that shore, he waited for Gabriel; his older brother took the most obvious course of action, he "beat the crap out of him", as his best friend would say, and made sure he was back in line.
But he couldn’t dwell on it. He couldn’t let himself follow that train of thought.
I go closer.
-So what's so special about today?
-Thank you.
Claire and Sam get on our faces with two shit-eating grins, their eyes looking up and down; that's when I realise I'm holding Cas's hand and try to let go of it, but my companion grips it stronger.
In anger he could trust. Because he knew why he was angry and he knew perfectly well what to do with that anger. When he felt that burning heat rise inside of him, wanting nothing but to get rid of the strings he hadn’t seen before, he didn’t care about anything else.
Kill monsters, exorcise demons, go to Hell, to Purgatory, fight angels, fight Leviathans. He knew how to do all those things, sometimes to the point where it became second nature to him. But he didn’t know how to think about these things, or even how to translate what he felt into a single thought, let alone words. How could he say out loud what he hadn’t allowed himself to even think about?
They’d have time after all of this was over.
He doesn't respond, so I have to repeat my previous action and add a small nudge -dammit Dean!
He thinks about Heaven, not Heaven now, nor when Michael used to rule it, he think about Heaven when it was peaceful, when the weight of God's leaving wasn't there and he was still learning. He remembers Gabriel, standing next to him on a shore, quiet for the longest time he had ever been.
This is pointless.
-Want to see you try, human.
My friend looks blankly at me and I shake my head, taking his hand and giving it a little squeeze -yeah, awesome decision making, Dean.
The usual salad lover on the other side of the table makes a small sound at that and they can all tell she's not buying it, but no one says a word.
Then something happens, they don't know how or why it happens, but they separate enough to look at each other, and it feels natural to place their foreheads together, closing their eyes and breathing each others breath.
Sam was trying to be strong to do what needed to be done. And, if anyone asked, Sam would’ve said he learned that from his big brother. But Dean couldn’t be the person that the man thought he was. He couldn’t be the man that Cas had described.
He was gone because he loved him, because that was the type of luck Dean Winchester really had. Outside of the deus ex machina bullshit, that was all he was. He was someone who kept losing the people who loved him.
And, shaking his head, he remembers all of what was brought by that feeling, images cross his mind like they did back at the mental hospital the night he lost his mind in favor of saving his friends; the Apocalypse, the unexpected conclusion of it, the flames from the cage as he tried to save Sam from it, the deceive, sadness, power, guilt, fear, then more guilt and pain, all the emotions he was never supposed to feel, all tied to that man and his soul.
“You know what every other version of you did after ‘gripping him tight and raising him from perdition’ They did what they were told. But not you!”
Once they finish, Dean offers -or demands- to wash the dishes, and Cas asks to join him.
-It's okay, Cas. Just breathe deeply and look at me if you have any trouble; I can even tell you a cuple of bad jokes to distract you.
A loud groan is heard and Claire's head rises from behind a tall structure a floor away, she has black makeup on, Jody appears behind her,  wearing fake fangs and trying to shoot her on the back with a red tinted fake gun, but before she does, the small girl turns around and points her way before running to a part of the building that I can't see.
He shakes his head and gives me his puppy dog eyes and damn, he shouldn't be allowed to do that...ever.
She couldn't be the only one who noticed the awe and useless sentiment sound on his voice when he repeated the cry of victory once he laid his hands on the human, or the way he held said human against his chest so hard his grace left a mark upon his body and soul. She wasn't imagining the unneeded care he took when rebuilding the man, or the specks of green that stained the angel. Did she spoke about all this? Of course. Was she heard? No.
-I don't understand why you blinded me for this.
3. Giving my baby brother cheese when I'm about to spend 6 hours or more stucked with him on the road.
There's warmth coming from his hand, not the normal kind of body heat, something more...comforting.
A way that didn’t involve losing Sam to his rage. A way that didn’t force him to sacrifice his kid to his pain. A way that didn’t have him losing Cas to his fear. Another way. He needed another way.
-Nothing...I mean, it's nice to just seat together in family and eat something homemade, but greasy once in a while.
He gets closer, a small smirk returning to his lips as he locks eyes with me and shakes his head.
“It’s the only thing I’ve ever known that was true...”
-You're cute.
He smiles and my face mimicks his expression automatically, my mind forgetting our surroundings until a high pitched howl snaps both of us out of it.
It would be a lie if she said she didn't found morbid pleasure in the thought of seeing that ant crushed by the very hand who killed and sinned for his well being.
The angel failed once more and the connection between her and Castiel broke.
The one thread that was different. The single aspect of his life that was certain to break off the mold at every single moment...was gone.
-Can we eat now?
The hunter looks at him in confusion.
It had been hundreds of years since he last broke lines and Michael had started to trust he would finally stop, but she knew it was just a matter of time.
“Everyone goes back to where they belong. That means everybody from Apocalypse World; Bobby, Charlie. They get sent back to a place that doesn’t exist anymore. And everyone we saved. Eileen, she j-just dies. Again. And that’s just the beginning.”
I roll my eyes, something I've found myself doing on a fond manner for about a year now.
(See the end of the chapter for
Right then, I feel the quick beat of his heart through his hand and as another bad actor screetches near us -was that supposed to be a vampire? They only missed the glitter there- and his eyes glow with grace, forcing them close to calm himself down.
And that made it two. Two times he’d heard those words. Two times they buried themselves into his chest, trying to cut through the venom festering there. It had always been them. No matter how bad it all looked, whenever they found themselves in the eleventh hour, he felt himself believing those words “We’ll find another way, you and me. We always do”
If you want to see what I do instead of posting, here's my instagram where I'll be daily because I'm trying to do a 31 days of Halloween with me doing casual cosplay every day for all october: @snowrosemberg
Fan-fucking-tastic.
2. Letting Sam buy movie night snacks -or any food, he always forgets the goddamned pie.
It didn't go as planned.
It's after a couple minutes that they go out of the kitchen and into one of the common areas of the bunker they transformed into a living room.
He looks back once more at the choices he made, at the wrongs he committed, every single time thinking he was making the right choice, and he'll be damned if he didn't say free will was a "bitch".
After that, it was lonesome, with the ocasional company of Balthazar who spent too much time trying to bend the rules and visiting the human world, Castiel can guess why he found his friendship comforting at the time.
I just take his face -making sure everything well lined up- and crash my lips into what I'm sure are his.
Then, maybe, maybe it was all real. The smiles, the nudges, the tears, the pain, the longing, the deep sighs, the lingering touches, the moments…
They were off the book.
And I place my lips...on his chin.
The second, and third didn't went better, the copies acted like the man in almost every aspect, saying things she couldn't control, even if she wished to.
His Cas was real. They were real.
Not the longest, but still fluffy and cute, I think...
He thinks of Balthazar by his side, making dismissive remarks at the new born who was destined to be the most powerful weapon of all of creation, and Castiel ignored him, he could feel the child's power, so strong he couldn't believe no one else mentioned it, but he wasn't sure how that power could be one of a weapon, it felt so warm.
-The power plant above the bunker.
Anyway, tell me if you have plans or if you will or have dressed up as something. I was Wonder Woman -if you want to see a pic for it, I posted like two on my instagram @snowrosemberg .
Should've seen this coming, the moment the words "it'll be fun!" came out of Claire's mouth as she shared an evil grin with Sammy, but it was until we arrived and the huge letters on the maze styled mansion ordered no more than two people per team and I saw the way they quickly arranged the couples; Claire and Alex, Sam and Eileen -figures-, Jody and Mom...which left Cas and me together...those assholes.
It was all a script.
Even in the training, the fear was in his eyes and no determination was found.
The tiny woman -probably no more than twenty- stands there with a smile a werewolf usually doesn't have, her eyes glowing with something.
Cas had died. Cas had died more times than he could count. And, each time, it was saving him. Helping him. Protecting him.
But it was all lost when it came to the final test.
-What has you so on edge?
And so he did. And he did it so well that he almost sent his own kid to the slaughterhouse. So well that he almost shot his baby brother. Just to be free.
Then they stopped watching the Earth, even she stopped and the angel that helped this happen returned home without anyone objecting; Heaven was falling apart and war was unleashed and blood of brothers and sisters was shed on the fields when Raphael tried to kept things under control and restart the much needed -and exaggerated called- Apocalypse. And who refused this natural event? Once again the answer was easy and predictable, the angel whose grace formed of light was stained with green of a human soul.
His voice was cut off by a pained screamed as the other angels killed the copy.
-Someone owes us some pumpking pie after forcing us to come to this.
That’s what an angel had said to him once. Maybe she was right, because it was because of him that Cas was gone. Because he trusted Dean and wanted to stand by his side...because he loved Dean. And loving him was what took him away.
And then, Dean wasn’t just furious, he was scared.
-Hey, easy there buddy; that wendigo was faker than a porn star's boobs.
In all those years she had taken notice of the green on the angel's grace and the way it acted when near the man who owned that color, but not even once she saw the later. His soul had pieces of grace too, all fitting perfectly in every single crack it had, and the way it reacted to the angel's sight, voice and touch, it was almost violent the way it reached out for more, the way it fought to leave and join the other's physical and supernal space. Like that she realized what she had done wrong.
He remembered that he had heard something like this before, a long time ago.
Why didn't Mom come with me?
Before the other can response and assure him there's no need to thank him for anything, he cuts him off.
A year later...
The same answer is given.
She observed the approaches and the glances, the proximity between them and the useless talks they had, she watched it all while expecting her orders to bring back the stupid soldier and teach him his place once more, but it never happened.
He was nothing. He had nothing.
He turns his head so fast that I can't process just how close we are until I hear a snicker coming from in front of us.
And the baby grew into an infant, marveling the angel who watched every moment he wasn't on his post, humans grew so fast, they learned so much in so little time, but they also died so quickly -and somehow, for the first time, that thought made him sad.
And in that moment, after wasting the last opportunity he had. At that moment, Dean finally lets himself think, and feel. And he realizes, with a crushing despair that numbs him, that Castiel was wrong. Because Dean Winchester loves him back.
He thinks fondly of Jimmy Novack, on his family, on the completely devoted way he gave up his life to become his vessel, a vessel that later became his own body.
He finally did it, he finally managed to overcome his stupid emotions and kill the useless life form without hesitation or regret, efficiently and sure. She was so proud of herself in that moment.
Then Sam speaks, completely serious as he does it.
But he didn't understood Castiel when he spoke, something that reminded the angel how different he was from himself, making him think this was another task to be fulfilled and nothing more.
Before she started wondering what had gone wrong, she saw it.
-It's a game, try to hit as many of us as you can.
Then, he met Dean in that old barn, standing in front of the man was much different than all the other ways the angel had been confronted by his shine, he felt the need to listen, to follow, this man through thick and thin, somehow knowing no wrong could come from it.
And a nod is all it takes before everyone fills their plates with junk food. Even Castiel does it despite not being able to taste any of it.
-Dean? Are you okay? Did you just...
Before I ask, he looks forward and speaks up.
Then it happened again. Chuck.
There, she had been wrong. Enduring the wreck and panic Heaven suffered from the reluctance they received from both vessels was harder when her eyes fell on the somehow alive fugitive, now gone completely rogue and helping a lost cause without a hesitation, the green had now become a part of his grace and the dangerous feeling growing inside; she could only wait and hope the damage could be undone.
I turn to the voice and smile back at him.
As we walk, I feel a cold numbness on my hand and I notice both of his are inside the pockets of his jeans, a small space now between us.
-Thank you...really.
He remembers the panic he felt when that woman named Pamela tried to see him, and succeeded eventually, and his smile disappears.
It was in the midst of battle when she started to notice the actions that were taken, the failed rise of the lost vessel, the talks with that disgusting creature who ruled Hell, the killing of monsters and the awakening of their so-called mother; but she uncovered the plan too late. Even when Raphael took the drastic measure of making an alliance with Crowley, they were lost.
The vivid memory of reaching that beautiful soul and hugging it tight against his grace felt natural; it makes him smile to think of that moment as the one that he was destined to end right were he is now.
Claire makes herself clear with those words, and even if I could normally beat her easily, I'm sure she could find a way to kill me if the situation demanded it.
It was an old trick when he came back and she would lie if she said it was a surprise, as well as hearing who was the one who found him. It sickened her the way his grace reacted to the very sight of the man, even more the response to the touch.
The thought that had brought him hope a few hours before now kept him sitting on the ground, unable to get up, unable to speak.
Tomorrow is 31st! I actually have literally no plans because I already had my party on Friday...but my Holiday extends through November 1st and 2nd, good thing to be mexican.
Six months passed, and it took all in him to obey his orders and let "destiny" -what a cruel joke that word turned out to be- unfold.
And then it was over. He was on the floor and it was all over. Gone.
Then he turns and gives me a warm smile.
-You'd never do that. I trust you with my life, always will.
-About fucking time!
Mary and Sam clear their throats and that brings them back to the table, the angel taking a seat right next to the -oddly enough- oldest Winchester.
So, maybe Dean hadn’t been angry. He had been furious.
The angel gives his attention to the man instantly, and is met by a pair of green eyes almost glowing and fixed in his.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tilting my head a little.
She had underestimated those dangerous feelings.
Then, a punch on my shouder startles me.
Why could he be free of the guilt of killing his own kind? Who gave him the right to lose himself in the comfort of ignorance and insanity?
That was why she sent for him at last, his punishment had to be greater, he owed his vessel, grace and life to them, and he would pay that debt even if she had to force him -especially if so.
“Sorry,” Dean said, breaking in and directing the attention of the group towards him in a way that made him shift slightly in his seat. Still, he had to know, so he continued. “Can you repeat that?” he asked. The hunter who’d been speaking didn’t seem at all phased by the interruption though, just shrugged and went back to the start of his story, the entire table now listening.
“Maybe that’s not what we need to look for though?” Ryan interjected. “Maybe there’s something else that could help? Something left over from when Drahomir was alive.” He glanced at Sam, clearly needing validation. Sam nodded.
,” Kyle said, trying to push the other boy back behind him. Ryan didn’t move though, just kept his eyes on Sam, steady and unblinking.
Dean nodded.
“Okay Ryan, shut up. None of this is helping us get out of here any faster,” Kyle interjected.
cw for the whole fic for canon-typical violence and gore.
“Winchester,” the demon said, still smiling. “I was starting to think you’d just abandoned me here, all on my lonesome.” Dean grinned back at it, sliding easily into the persona he wore whenever he had to speak to a monster.
“Nothing I don’t already have,” he finally said, before meeting Dean’s eyes. “We can do the spell today.”
“I’ll be here all night if you want to have a drink later,” he said, nodding over to the tables and smiling. “I’m sure we’ve both got plenty of stories to tell, even if they don’t involve sea monsters.” Dean managed a small smile as he tipped his beer in acknowledgement.
hollow mouths –
“Nicole,” hissed the other girl, but the one speaking to Sam – Nicole – didn’t acknowledge her.
“Is he looking for me?” Sam finally asked, not bothering to look at Merihem. He heard her shift next to him, knew she was looking at him now.
“Yeah Bobby, hard to forget,” he said. “I had one of his teeth embedded in my
“No yeah,” Dean interrupted, already reaching for his wallet. “I totally get it,” he said, flashing her a grin as he double checked that the ID that he was pulling out had his actual name on it. “Don’t want to be giving out people’s information to total randoms.” Vicky nodded as she accepted his license, scanning it quickly before handing it back to him.
“You didn’t say much on the phone,” he started, voice hesitant. Dean stared down at the mug in front of him, his distorted reflection rippling atop the dark liquid. It smelled like mint and honey, calming despite everything, or maybe it was just the fact that this was the first time in days that he’d been able to even partially let go of the ball of panic and fear that had been sitting in his chest ever since his visit to the Stanford admissions office.
, he thought,
“What does it mean?” he asked, hating how much like a lost child he sounded but unable to help it, unable to sound like anything else in that moment. “Bobby, what does it–”
“So do you think it’s a ghost? That’s doing this? For real?” Sam shrugged, clutching his backpack tight to his chest as if nervous.
he said abruptly, making the priest start.
“Dean, he’s not dead,” Bobby said.
The black was spreading further and further across his sight, the ceiling far above him becoming blurry and indistinct. He could just barely hear footsteps, remote and echoing, all but drowned out by the buzzing in his ears. The pain that had been filling his body was becoming more and more distant, seeping away. His breath was coming out in little shuddery pants, and he was absently aware of the fact that it didn’t sound like it should, that it wasn’t enough air, that it was slowing, that it wa–
The man frowned at him.
unbeta'd, all mistakes are my own!
Without warning, it let go of his shirt. Dean fell to his knees. He sucked in a single, desperate breath, before a foot was smashing into his side. He felt something in his chest rupture as the crack of his ribs snapping one after another echoed through the room. He let the momentum of the kick send him rolling, desperate to get some space between them. To buy himself even a second to try and recover, to fight back. Through eyes quickly swelling shut, he watched as bare feet padded across concrete towards him. He opened his mouth, trying to get out the next words of the exorcism, but his mouth felt like it was full of rocks, tongue clumsy and thick, air barely stuttering in and out of his lungs. All that came out was a pained sort of gasp, wet in a way that Dean knew meant at least one of his lungs was already filling with blood. Dean tried to reach for his knife instead, useless as it was, movements sluggish with pain. The demon’s steps paused. Dean could hear it laugh, far above him, impossibly distant through the ringing in his ears. After a second, it took a single step closer and stomped down on Dean’s femur. The sound of it shattering was loud, almost louder than the thick, wet noise that was all that Dean could force from his mouth; a muffled mockery of a scream.
“I’m good, darling,” he said as he pulled away. Her expression didn’t change, that same worry still hovering in her eyes.
The snow was dirty with the passing of cars and the general grime of the city. Packed down into ice and half-melted into puddles of slush in turn, turning every step into a treacherous gamble. Dean kept his other senses alert to his surroundings even as he kept his eyes on his feet, choosing each step with care. It wasn’t a long walk, luckily, and he only passed a handful of people on the way there. The night was too cold for many people to be outside and the bars had long since closed. The streetcar rattled past just as he crested the hill leading to his destination. He paused to watch it go by, the few passengers onboard completely lost to their own worlds, staring down at their phones or off into the distance. His breath clouded the air in front of him as he glanced up at the stars before he began walking again, passing by what had once been a garage but was now nothing more than empty rooms, visible through shattered glass windows and poorly nailed boards vainly attempting to protect it against all comers. It was only a few more minutes until he came to a stop in front of a tall rusted metal fence. Glancing around, he made sure that there was no one near enough to see him, slipping through the gate he’d already broken into earlier, locking it behind him. The path down the hill had probably been paved at some point, but the pavement had long ago been allowed to crumble away into nothing, leaving the slope to be freely gouged by deep tire treads, now filled with ice and snow. It was impossible to avoid leaving prints behind him, but there hadn’t been any other footprints in the snow when Dean had first come here, weren’t any new ones now, so he wasn’t too worried about it. He wouldn’t be here beyond tonight anyways.
“What?” he said. “Then where–”
thank you to Helen for the beta and general support and encouragement!!
The small circle that appeared between the thing’s eyes didn’t bleed at first, and for a long, horrible moment Dean was certain that the consecrated silver had done nothing, wouldn’t even slow it down. A second passed, then two, Alex still on his knees above the dead civilian, the steadily growing pool of blood beneath both of them soaking his jeans, before he finally,
“Don’t think I said that,” she said mildly.
Dean raised an eyebrow. Whatever this was, it was
he thought at the spectre.
Dean nodded, thanked him with a smile. The bartender shot him another wary look before nodding in return.
After all, what was coming next was going to be much, much worse.
“I want to go with Kyle then,” Nicole interrupted, staring at the other boy intently. Kyle met her eyes with an equal amount of intensity, while Jason just looked pissed off. Sam looked between the three teenagers. There was definitely something going on there, but he didn’t really care enough to speculate, and if it got him alone with Jason all the better. Kyle gave Jason what seemed to be a significant head tilt, but the other boy just continued to stare back at him, anger obvious on his face.
Thank you again Helen for the beta, you the bessssst.
Sam thought.
Turning abruptly, Dean shoved the water bottle back in his pocket and drew his gun again, heading back out the path with far less caution than he’d originally travelled down it. The sunlight was overwhelming after the shade of the rocks, and he had to take a long moment to blink against it, eyes adjusting slowly to the blindingly bright light, before he could begin to walk back to the truck. He was halfway back when something crunched under the heel of his boot, and he glanced down to find that he’d split what looked like a human femur clean in half. Eyes widening, Dean scanned the ground around him, spotting what looked like a piece from a human skull a few meters away, the curve of an eye socket recognizable even from a distance. He didn’t see anything else, but he didn’t need to to understand what had happened to the other people who had disappeared, victims to the curse and its endless hunger. Without someone close by to tear into, they had set out into the desert, where they had died long before they could reach any other human, before they could spread the curse any further. Swearing under his breath, he kept walking to Alex’s truck, heading around the back to unlock the long metal trunk that was tucked against the back of the bed of the truck. Alex had kept his supplies about as neat as Dean did his own, and Dean only spent a second scanning the ones on top before he began digging through them. He wasn’t sure what supplies Alex had had, but he was hoping that somewhere amongst the ammunition and strange, spelled knives, there might be…
Thank you to Helen for editing!!
“Father will want to see you,” she said as she closed the remaining distance between them, and Sam found himself again forcing the food he’d eaten to stay down. Merihem’s expression softened as she lay her hand on his arm. “Don’t worry,” she said. “I’m sure he’ll think you did well.”
, and he found himself taking two steps towards it before he caught himself, almost stumbling with how quickly he forced himself to stop moving. He retreated back even further than he’d walked forward, eyeing the rock warily. In any other context it might not have even been notable – no strange markings on its surface, no unusual smoothness to mark it as unnatural – but here, with the plants surrounding it, the scent of water thick in the air, its surface blindingly white even in the shadows, there was no mistaking it as anything even close to natural, about as far from being an ordinary harmless stone as Dean was. Even if it had somehow registered as normal, the other things inside the circle would make it clear that this space was the home and source of the curse, and Dean finally, reluctantly, forced his attention to the final things resting inside this shadowed space.
“That doesn’t–” he started, but Castiel interrupted him, voice strangely powerful for all that he didn’t raise it any louder than Dean’s own voice, any louder than he’d spoken before.
Dean thought, and remembered what the bartender had told him.
“It is an angel blade,” he said.
“She couldn’t find anything either way,” she said. “Just what that one guy said. She said she figured he’d just been so freaked out by seeing the monster killed, he was seeing them everywhere.” There was a moment while the table considered that possibility.
– and then, just as quickly as it had started, it ended. He blinked up at the cement of the ceiling, his brain fighting with the sudden lack of pain just as much as it had been fighting to think through it. He could open his eyes completely, he realized, and his breaths were no longer wet and shrinking. He blinked again, and a face came into view, familiar blue eyes the first thing to narrow into focus, and Dean realized where he had heard that voice before.
he thought scornfully. He didn’t understand how anyone survived, walking through the world with their eyes stubbornly shut to everything around them. If it hadn’t been the monster, it probably would have been the weather, or a cougar, or maybe an avalanche.
“Why?” Chrissy said, looking more nervous than ever. “We’ve already checked, there’s no way to get out.”
Dean said as the man moved to head back across the bar.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You still don’t believe me?” he asked, and Dean shook his head.
“Fine,” Kyle said, having watched the whole thing with crossed arms and a stormy expression. “So you’re here to hunt ghosts, great. That still doesn’t answer the question of why all the doors just fucking disappeared.” The group shifted, nervous, glancing around at each other. Sam mentally cursed them for not having done even a minute of research, before taking a deep breath and breaking the tense silence.
“So…” he drawled, and she rolled her eyes at him.
The farmhouse hadn’t changed much since the last time Dean had been there, the chipped white clapboards almost glowing in the dark as Dean pulled in next to the truck that he’d followed there through the night. They both knew what it meant when Dean said that he’d follow her home in his car rather than driving over together, but Katerina hadn’t said anything about it. That was one of Dean’s favourite things about her really. She’d snitch on him to Ellen sure, but she also understood him, didn’t care if he slipped out before the sun even rose without saying anything, wasn’t bothered by the fact that he couldn’t sleep without a gun within reach.
Dean said, not bothering with his usual preamble. The priest opened his mouth, as if to argue, or ask questions, before glancing back towards the street, towards the bodies still lying there. Dean didn’t bother looking, just kept his eyes on the priest, watched the other man think about what he’d just witnessed. When the priest turned back to Dean, his face was set in an expression of resolution, and he just nodded before gesturing Dean into the church. He helped Dean fill up four large water bottles with holy water, Dean tucking two under each arm before he headed back out of the church, the priest trailing after him. He stopped at the top of the stairs, unable to prevent himself, this time, from looking at the bodies lying on the road. The priest came up beside him, and Dean could see him staring at Dean out of the corner of his eye.
(See the end of the chapter for
He recognized the name, Alex giving him that much over the phone, but Alex hadn’t known anything more at the time. It seemed as though he’d managed to find out more in the day since he’d last spoken to Dean though. The man shrugged.
“Kyle, chill out,” he said, gesturing to Sam. “Can’t you see he’s just as freaked out as the rest of us?” Kyle glared at Sam.
The father though, lying close enough to the stone that it made Dean nervous, made him move incredibly slowly as he made his way over towards him, was a different story. Alert to any sort of compulsion that might draw him in closer to the stone, Dean edged over to the father, unsurprised to see his jaw too hanging unnaturally wide, his face smeared with the blood of whichever member of his family he’d torn into first. Unlike the others though, there was no bite mark, nothing maring his skin at all, and Dean straightened, quickly backing away a couple of paces from the stone before scanning his eyes back over the gory tableau in front of him.
his heartbeat pounded, and he took a long drink of his beer, trying to calm himself down.
When he was a kid, his father had once taken him and Dean to a museum, one of the rare times that John had decided that it was worth it to spend money on something like that. There’d been a handful of fossils on display, small dinosaurs with missing pieces and strange, ragged bones. One of them had been a sabre-toothed tiger, a smilodon, and Sam had stared at its long teeth, the gape of its jaw held permanently open by the wire that was the only thing now holding its bones together. He was reminded of it then, with a sharp pang, staring into the rolling yellow eyes of the creature stalking towards him. He couldn’t tell if the creature’s head was bare bone or if it was simply covered in skin so white, so tight to the bone that it took on the appearance of a skull left out to bleach in the sun. The hollow, shadowed eye sockets were deep enough that the glimmer of its eyes seemed to be floating in their depth, unmoored by flesh or blood. Its mouth was split open all the way back, showing off every single long, black tooth, razor sharp and wider around than the handle of Sam’s knives. It’s red tongue lolled out between them, tasting the air, and as Sam watched its nostrils flared, scenting him, the fear sweat that he could feel leaching from his pores despite his best attempts to breathe through the fear. The lower half of its jaw was soaked with the blood of the humans Sam had passed earlier, staining its chest and all the way down to its front feet. He swallowed, but the pain of the memory that had flashed through his head earlier had thrown him off balance, lingering in his head as he tried to slowly back away. His heel hit a rock just as he was beginning to reach over his shoulder for the handle of his machete, and his eyes widened as he began to fall, unable to stop himself from collapsing backwards.
“It’s not a lot,” he said. “Allegedly this guy, Drahomir Novikov, was a serial killer who would bring his victims here to torture and kill them. But I haven’t been able to find any evidence of that in police records or papers, just that someone with that name did live here. There’ve been reports of ghost sightings on this property for almost sixty years though, so I figured I’d come and see if I could find any signs of EMF, something to let me know if it’s worth trying to dig for actual info.” Nicole bit her lip, glancing at the other kids.
Dean realized, eyes sliding to the rock as a shiver passed through him. The father must have activated the curse, then turned on his family, passing it to each of them in turn. He remembered, again, the description of the curse.
“It’s a bad precedent,” she said. “That’s all.” Sam’s lips twitched up in an empty smile.
“It’s him,” the other girl, the one with the braids said. “Drahomir.” Kyle rolled his eyes.
“What happened back there?” Dean asked as Castiel turned his gaze away from the ugly landscape painting hanging above the bed to meet Dean’s eyes.
A flash of anger, then, across Novikov’s face.
“The bed is made up in the spare room,” she said. “Or we can just sleep. We don’t have to… you’re hurt, and I don’t…” she trailed off when Dean smiled down at her, small but genuine. He leaned down, pressing a soft kiss against her lips.
Sound returned to Dean slowly. First, the panting sound of his own breath, the pumping of blood through his ears, then the sound of crying, yelling, fear and confusion ricocheting back and forth and back and forth through the now distant circle of people who were standing and staring at him. Dean looked from the woman, to the man, to Alex,
that stole through his mind.
fractured and dissolved into what
Sam watches just long enough to see the woman get the boy into his seat, taking her own place, before he makes his way silently to the back door. He tries the handle, rolls his eyes when he finds it unlocked. They clearly thought they were safe, didn’t worry about what might come creeping in their house from the darkness, didn’t know enough to scent the air when evil was near. Sam moves inside in near perfect silence, the sound of the door clicking shut behind him audible only to him. He turns the deadbolt behind him – just because they’re stupid doesn’t mean he has to be – and keeps a cautious eye on the open entryway to the dining room as he heads down the hallway that runs parallel to the kitchen and dining room. The woman is the only one whose eyesight he’s in though, and she doesn’t turn, and soon enough he’s safely out of sight. His guess about the house’s layout is quickly proven correct, an arch of light spilling out into the otherwise dark and still hallway from the other entryway into the dining room. Maybe there was
(See the end of the chapter for
He's here and he's perfect!!! I'm currently on S13 in my rewatch/finally watch the last four seasons for the first time so I had to go back and rewatch some of his first few episodes to remind myself of how sombre and righteous he was.
“Sam’s not dead,” Bobby said. “If he was dead the whole map would have burned. I can show you, look, stand up.” Dean dragged himself to his feet, legs shaking beneath him as he let Bobby guide him back to the table. He stood, numb and disconnected, feeling like he was standing somewhere left of himself as he watched Bobby mix up another batch of herbs. He only registered that Bobby had said his name when the other man hit his shoulder, drawing Dean’s attention back to him. “Do you remember Ian? The hunter from Virginia with the wood–.”
“Which of you is the witch?” Sam asked, and Nicole let out a hysterical laugh before she too shoved her hand over her own mouth. Chrissy was now just crying, and Ryan’s eyes were wide with fear, flicking back and forth between Sam and the body.
“You could have just left a note you know,” he said as she drew near. She grinned in response, sudden amusement sparking across her face.
“Okay, 2001, 2001,” Vicky muttered to herself, clicking around until finally her eyes widened in surprise, and she glanced over at Dean before quickly looking back at her computer screen. She shifted, visibly nervous. When she didn’t say anything right away, Dean was only able to resist for a couple of seconds before he couldn’t help but ask:
“To Bobby’s?” he asked. “Why?”
. He didn’t know what that meant really, but he’d never told anyone that, had just nodded along with the explanations of what it should feel like, what he should be doing. He was also pretty certain that there wasn’t supposed to be as much of it as there was, a spring inside of him that he’d yet to find the bottom of, though he’d pretended to, a couple of times. Letting himself fall to his knees, blood covering his face, failing tests even understanding what the punishment would be. He couldn’t remember why he’d started lying really, had started it so long ago that the memories were all but lost to the jagged shards of pain and scars that those early years had calcified into. Now, it was too late to stop, not that it mattered in this moment. Not like Novikov was going to be able to tell anyone about the wave of power that rushed through Sam, filling him up and making his mouth taste of iron and wind.
The bartender’s eyes narrowed, and he looked Dean up and down as if finally deciding he was worth taking his measure. Dean had no idea what he was looking for, and just did his best to seem relaxed and nonthreatening.
“I–,” Jim started, but then stopped, clearly at a loss for words. Dean didn’t blame him, just looked down at the mug still held loosely in his grip, raising it to take a long drink. It burned his throat, and it felt like a penance deserved two times over.
The forest was naturally formed, untouched and unaltered by human hands, and the treeline was shaped accordingly: not a sharp line dividing the valley from the base of the mountain, but a slow scattering of trees outwards from the dense woods, so that walking into the forest was akin to wading into a lake. Sam wasn’t in the forest, and then suddenly he was, the trees growing denser and denser around him until he looked up and realized that the wind was no longer as piercing, the snow no longer as deep. He turned, looked behind him, towards where his footprints slowly disappeared into the distance and the blowing snow. From here, he could no longer see the river, a combination of the fading light and the white powder billowing across the base of the valley conspiring to hide it from his sight. He glanced up at the sky, saw that the sun was just beginning to dip below the mountains at the far end of the valley. It was difficult to judge what time it was, not knowing where he was or when it was, not that he supposed it really mattered. The night would be as long as the night was, the day as long as the day was, and awareness of those two facts would hardly change how immutable they were. The high peaks around him would mean shorter days though, he realized, and could only hope that he would be able to find decent shelter before the light disappeared entirely. Lighting a fire would be a risk, one he wasn’t sure he wanted to take his first night out in the wilderness, when he was still warm and dry and in relatively good shape, aside from the bruises across his back that sent faint flickering waves of pain through his entire body when he turned back towards the forest too quickly. He grimaced. It wasn’t bad enough to really affect him, nothing he hadn’t and couldn’t work through, but there was no way to completely remove the possibility that the pain might make itself known at the most inopportune moment, that it might cost him valuable time and mobility. Would have been nice, to not have had a rod broken over his back right before a hunt, but he truly had no one to blame for that but himself.
Dean felt a chill like ice wash through his veins, his heart immediately pounding in his ears. He took a slow breath in through his nose, fighting the urge to react to that, to turn and grab the man and shake him until he told him where John was. Fighting to keep calm, to not reveal to this stranger that he didn’t know where his own father was.
It had been two days since Dean had left Shreveport, leaving only a charred corpse in a disturbed grave in his wake, and almost ten hours since he’d crossed the border at Nuevo Laredo. He’d only stopped twice since crossing the border at five that morning, and the only thing he could think about anymore was the possibility of a cold shower and face-planting on stale hotel sheets. The arid landscape that he’d been driving through for the last couple of hours hadn’t provided much in the way of a distraction from either the heat or the exhaustion, the flat desert interrupted only by scrub and the occasional cactus. The layer of dust coating the Impala had grown steadily thicker the further south he drove, drifting across the road and sticking to the black metal as if magnetized. The only sign of life he’d seen aside from the occasional other vehicle making their own way along the highway were a pair of gavilanes circling in the drafts far, far above the desert – barely anything more than black shadows against the searingly blue sky – and a coyote hunched over at the side of the row, gnawing on some unidentifiable roadkill, watching Dean pass with a wary gaze. Dean figured that the temperature had been sitting around 110º ever since the sun had cleared the horizon, and he’d long ago stripped down to just a t-shirt, long-sleeved flannel and jacket lying scattered across the front seat where someone else might have once ridden. Sighing, he rubbed a hand over his mouth, reaching over to grab the bottle of water sitting on the seat next to him, grimacing as he finished off the warm liquid. Tossing it into the back seat, he picked up his phone next, eyes flicking between it and the road as he hit redial. He turned down the stereo and listened as the phone rang, and rang, and rang, before finally it clicked over to voicemail.
The sun was low in the sky by the time Sam found himself standing outside of the house he’d seen in his vision the day before, the air cooling around him. He had no real sense for what time it was, but he figured it was probably sometime after five. He’d had to walk for almost four hours after leaving the train station behind him, and he was glad that he wouldn’t have to retrace his steps afterwards, the maze of look-alike suburban houses difficult enough to navigate once. He had a second of doubting if this was even the right house, but when he poked at the memory of the vision in his mind, the ghost of it floating in front of his eyes was a perfect match, from the small toy truck abandoned by the front sidewalk to the slightly crookedly hung house number. He briefly just considered walking up to the front door and trying to talk his way inside, but quickly dismissed the option. If he’d gotten here sooner, or if he’d stopped to do laundry, to shower and shave, he probably could have managed it. On his good days he could still summon the aw-shucks boy-next-door persona, the one that led strangers to trust him despite his height, despite the scars. This wasn’t a good day though, and so Sam headed towards the back gate. He glanced around, making sure there were no eyes on him before he quickly scaled the fence, landing easily on the other side. He headed around towards the back of the house, making sure to duck beneath the view of the windows as he went. There weren’t any lights on in any of the ones he passed on his way towards the backyard, but there was no point in taking unnecessary risks, not when he was so close, not when it’d be done so soon. There was a light on at the back though, and Sam pushed his body flush with the wall, edging closer and closer until he was able to peer in. He found himself looking into a brightly lit kitchen, the dining room visible just beyond. There was a woman there, blonde and petite, putting plates down on the table as a small child did his best to tangle himself in her legs and– there. Brown hair, blue eyes, saying something to the woman to make her laugh as he takes his seat.
“She still hunting?” he finally asked, looking back up in time to see a sour expression cross Ellen’s face.
. At least he knew he was close to whatever it was that had done this, and he let himself experience a momentary wave of stark relief that he wasn’t going to have to spend weeks wandering the mountains after all. He looked up the steep incline to the left of him, wondering if whatever it was had gone straight up the mountain, before crossing the plateau to check the other side, trying to avoid stepping on as much of the blood and meat as possible. On the far side he found what he was looking for, sighing in relief that he wasn’t going to have to try and scale the side of the mountain after all: against the rock, a smear of blood, and further down the path, a small puddle slowly soaking into the earth. It had gone this way, and Sam kept his machete in his hand as he began to slowly follow after it.
The sunlight outside made his vision waver, or maybe it was the pills, but either way he had to catch himself against the outside of the house, stumbling down the few concrete steps to lean against the worn wooden boards, peeling paint crackling beneath the hard press of his body. There were people out here, walking back and forth on the sidewalk, going about their ordinary lives. No one even glanced at him though, and he tilted his head back to grin up at the sky, the sun warm against his face as he let his eyes drift shrut. Dizziness rolled through him in waves, and he let himself slide down the side of the wall to sit. The sounds of traffic, of people walking past on the sidewalk were distant, secondary to the sound of the wind as it passed over his skin, the rustle of the dry and brittle grass beneath and around him. A spasm rippling through his stomach reminded him of another possible cause of the dizziness, and he tried to remember the last time he ate. Another argument for taking the time to get ahold of some more money, he supposed, though he could probably go at least another day or two before it became a real issue. Not that he had a day or two, if the body beginning to rot in the house behind him was any indication. If Merihem thought he needed to be told to move faster, it was probably already too late. He briefly toyed with the idea of drawing it out even more, weighing the punishment it’d incur against the few extra days of temporary freedom. His back still ached when it rained with the reminder of the last time he’d lingered unnecessarily though, and that thought is enough to make him sigh and push himself back to his feet, only staggering slightly as he rose. He threw his backpack over his shoulders and made his way down the cracked sidewalk and through the rusty front gate, its hinges squealing loud enough to finally draw a couple of curious eyes. He ignored them though, and started walking.
He didn’t say what
i'm on twitter
“Give me that,” he said, and Sam let it go easily. There was nothing in there, just a handful of other ghost hunting devices, some salt, a few extra shirts. Items he’d picked up to help build his cover, not because they were actually useful. If they actually searched him they’d find the knife hidden in his jacket, the gun tucked into the waistband of his pants, but he was fairly confident that they wouldn’t have the guts to search a stranger, if the thought even occurred to them at all. Unsurprisingly, going through the bag seemed to be enough, and the boy handed the bag back to him with an expression that was only slightly placated.
cw: child death
Throwing himself into hunting had helped, as had the fact that Dad started giving him more and more hunts for him to do on his own. Not that he didn’t like hunting with his Dad anymore, trusted his Dad any less, but when he looked at him he couldn’t help but hear his voice telling Sam that if he left to never come back, the way that he’d kept his back turned even as Dean ran out the door after Sam. He didn’t blame him, not really, but he couldn’t let go of the ghost of that night either. He wondered sometimes if his Dad felt the same way, if he looked at Dean and felt some sort of echo of the mix of relief and regret that Dean had seen on his face when he’d finally returned to the trailer, alone. It was funny, that Sam would leave and in his absence still manage to take up all of the space between him and his dad, the only thing that had ever managed to wedge between them, the only thing that would ever cause Dean to answer an order with anything other than a sir yes sir. It should have been a relief maybe, but whatever relief it offered was hollow, and far too easily filled up with the pain of missing someone that had always felt as essential to him as a limb. He’d thought about texting, about calling, about being the first to break the silence, but had always resisted. Pride, maybe, or just a stubborn refusal to acknowledge how easy it apparently was for his baby brother, the kid he’d raised, to cut Dean from his life completely. Now though, the defeat of being the first to break the silence just didn’t seem to matter, was so much less important than the fact that Dean needed Sam with a desperation that bordered on illogical, needed his brother by his side before he could find the courage to acknowledge to himself what he in the back of his mind had already accepted was probably waiting at the end of this road. The timestamp on the last text that his Dad had sent him, four months ago, had become more and more heavy the longer went by without a new message, without him answering any of Dean’s increasingly frequent calls. There was only one real answer to the question of why, and Dean just couldn’t – wouldn’t – face that answer alone.
“Yeah Bobby, I kno–” Dean started, but Bobby abruptly turned away from him, starting up the chant again, and oh.
“Yeah, I do know you,” she said. Dean shifted uncomfortably on his feet.
The wounds were gone, the skin as smooth and unblemished as if they’d never been there at all.
The ancient stone building, with its heavy wooden doors and stained glass windows, sat at odds with the more modern sign outside,
“Is that… you gave me that?” Dean asked. “It can kill demons?”
“Sorry,” she said. “I didn’t mean to interrupt.” Ellen shook her head.
cw: graphic descriptions of injuries and torture, explicit description of self-harm, child death, implied rape and sexual assult, implied underage sex work, mentions of physical child abuse, child neglect, and suicidal ideation.
“Honestly, I should be thanking you,” it said, “it’s truly an honour,” it continued as it crouched down, “to be the one to drag your soul to Hell.” It reached out, running its hand gently down the side of Dean’s face, mimicking its earlier gesture, though this time the soft touch sent pain spiking through Dean’s head as its fingers traversed shattered bone and flesh. The black spots were blooming larger in his vision, but Dean refused to give into it, refused to do anything but glare up at the demon. If this was how he went out, he was doing it with as much fight, as much defiance, as he could muster. The demon laughed, reaching out to pick up Dean’s knife, and Dean heard a distant sound, like a flock of birds taking flight.
. Sam tried to reach for his powers, but the throbbing in his head was throwing him off, making him dizzy and unfocused. He had a concussion, he realized just in time for the same force to once again plow into him, sending him flying across the room. It wasn’t strong enough to send him into the far wall, but it was enough that when he hit the ground he felt something in his leg snap at the impact, bits of concrete and rock embedding themselves in his skin as he slid across the ground. For a long, horrible moment, the only thing Sam was aware of was the pain suffusing his entire body, and then it was pushed away, flowing out of him not because he chose to push it away but because there was no room for both it and the rage that suddenly burned through him, turning his veins black and his blood to ash as he stood up. He knew that if he looked in a mirror, his eyes would be glowing, and he turned that gaze upon where Novikov’s ghost stood in the middle of the room. He watched with satisfaction as the spectre’s eyes widened, waited just long enough to see the spiderweb lines of power light up as Novikov began to call the energy of the house, of his magic, to him before he let his power roar out of him, less a faucet turning on and more a dam breaking. His power rolled through the room, a wave of fire and blood, uncontrolled, formless, and far, far too much for a single ghost, no matter how powerful. Novikov didn’t even have the chance to scream before he was gone, his spirit ripped apart and scattered into the ether. Destroyed in the truest sense of the word, beyond the reach of either heaven or hell. Sam’s lips curled up into a satisfied smile as he strode towards the stairs. The pain of his broken leg, the concussion, was lost to the power rolling through him, and he let it boil up the stairs ahead of him, flowing through the whole house to where—
“It was okay,” she said.
. A grey figure flickered into being in the middle of that huge blank space, and Sam smiled as the specter of Drahomir Novikov regarded him. Its expression was blank, but there was an awareness, an intelligence behind its eyes that far outstripped that which a typical spirit was capable of. Whether it was because of what he’d done before death, what he’d been doing when he’d died, or the sheer luck of dying in a place where so much magic had been performed, Novikov had become a powerful ghost. Possibly more powerful and effective than he’d been in life even, if the number of people who had died horribly in the house since he’d begun haunting the building was anything to go off of. Sam once again wondered at the stupidity of the children locked in this house with him, that they apparently hadn’t thought to check just how many people had died or gone missing in the allegedly haunted house.
he corrected. That was why Alex had come to the church, he realized, mind racing as he entered the familiar headspace that he always settled into on a hunt. Either the holy water had been having some effect, or Alex thought it would, that he would drive in from the desert with such desperation, that he would risk bringing the danger to the town itself. Dean glanced back at the street behind him, at the people still standing in nervous, confused clusters. The priest was standing on the steps, the only one staring down the street after him. Dean leaned into the truck just far enough to grab the keys before he shut the door, putting the keys in his pocket, and walking back over to the church. The priest straightened as he drew near, turning to look Dean in the eyes.
“You’re shaking,” Jason whispered. Sam glanced down at his own hand, surprised.
“Yeah,” Sam said around the half-chewed bread still in his mouth, before he swallowed, still annoyed. “And I crossed half the country, on nothing more than a first name, and made the kill.” Merihem rolled her eyes.
It wasn’t until the fourth bag, conveniently leaning up against the third one, that he found what he was looking for, a handful of neatly tied hex bags and what looked like a toiletry bag but which actually just contained more spell-making supplies. No grimoire, but there was a notebook filled with what looked like homebrew spells.
(See the end of the chapter for
hmu on
“Always am,” he said, and if the smile Ellen gave him was a bit too small, a bit too disbelieving, he pretended not to notice, turning to look down at Katerina instead.
had them. The other hunter thought for a long moment before finally shrugging.
The sight that greeted him confirmed what he’d seen from a distance: that the top of the outcropping had completely collapsed, the majority of it falling inwards, and he was relieved to see that through the gaps in the stone, the white rock was not visible, nor were the bodies lying within their newly created tomb. He let out a long breath, carefully climbing around the outer ring of the rocks, confirming that it was sealed at every edge. Pulling out a bottle of holy water and a rosary, Dean walked the same path a second time, this time muttering a blessing in latin as he went, sprinkling holy water on the rocks beneath him, the beads of the rosary clicking through his other hand in time with the words. He did two more loops on top of the rock, going through the second and third bottles of holy water before he climbed down and did a final loop on ground level, circling the entire outcropping, a final confirmation that it was completely sealed. He didn’t know if the blessing would do anything, but it was the best he could do, and he really didn’t want to risk bringing the priest out there to perform his own rites. Dean spent a long minute just standing there, staring at the destroyed rocks, before he turned and made his way back to the truck, exhaustion suddenly tugging at his limbs, at his entire being. He didn’t wait to climb into the cab but just sat there for a long moment, staring sightlessly out into the desert. He wanted to scream, or cry, or maybe just keep driving straight out into the desert and never come back. His skin felt too tight suddenly, and his throat ached as he tried to keep his breathing deep and even, fighting against the restless buzzing rising up within him, adrenaline and sorrow a strangely potent mixture. Finally, he forced himself to raise his hand and put the keys back into the ignition, bringing the truck back to life. He turned the truck around, keeping his eyes firmly locked on the desert ahead of him and not letting them drift towards the rearview mirror as he pointed the truck back the way he’d come.
“Jesus,” one of the others said. “So what, there’s some sort of monster out there that’s decided to hunt too?” The hunter shrugged.
Sam didn’t think he’d gone more than a mile into the forest before the gentle upwards slope began to transform into the sharp rises and falls that formed the base of the mountain, trending ever upwards. The effort of walking uphill quickly became an equal replacement for the effort of pushing through the snow of the valley, sweat again soaking into his undershirt, his breath coming in ragged pants that he couldn’t help but feel frustrated by, though he knew realistically he’d walked at least at least 20 miles and physical exhaustion at this point was well in line with the well-tested and painfully familiar limits of his body. The light was fading quickly though, and he wasn’t likely to make it much further before it disappeared, so he began to look around himself with a different purpose than before, trying to spot anywhere that would act as good shelter for the night. He could always build shelter, but he would prefer not to for now. The fewer signs he could leave was better – with nothing other than his instincts to rely on, sleeping was dangerous, but necessary. He knew from experience that he could push it to five days without sleep before he would begin to hallucinate in earnest, but the cost to his reflexes and coordination began to be paid far earlier. The trade off between sleep and safety came at a heavy price either way, and was utterly unavoidable.
he thought as he dropped his hand, pasting a resigned expression onto his face. Their eyes followed his hand, gazes fixed on the tattoo standing stark and black against the pale skin, jumping to the matching tattoo on the other hand. Sam fought the instinctive urge to shove his hands into his pockets.
“Yes,” she said, and Dean looked back away, not sure what to say. He understood why Ellen didn’t want Jo hunting just as much as he understood why Jo wanted to be hunting. He still felt slightly guilty for bringing her along on that first hunt, over a year ago now, even though he maintained that it wasn’t his fault that she’d followed him from the Roadhouse and refused to let him call her mom. Not that he’d tried that argument with Ellen, ever.
“Dean!” someone shouted. A deep, rough voice, familiar in a way he couldn’t place, cracking through the air, forcing his brain back from the black brink it had been hovering on. Dean didn’t think, couldn’t think around the pain suffusing his body and mind, but it didn’t matter because some part of him beyond pain, beyond thought, stretched out a hand on instinct, fingers opening in an act of blind faith.
This time, Sam barely managed to throw himself to the side, his back screaming in pain as he rolled over the rock covered ground, slamming into one of the trees. He’d stabbed towards the creature as he’d gone, but the handle of his knife had been jerked from his hand, lost to the motion of his retreat. He was glad to see though, as he blinked and scrambled back to his feet, that the blade had not been lost in vain: it was now protruding from a bloom of black on the creature’s flank. The monster seemed angrier for the added wound, the growl that echoed from it’s chest seeming to shake the ground with its strength. Sam swallowed, and reached over his shoulder to finally draw the larger blade of his machete just in time for the creature to once again charge him. This time, Sam moved forward as well, not waiting for the creature to reach him before he went on the offense. His best bet was to either get under its jaw, take another go at its throat, or go underneath it to the underbelly that was almost always the most vulnerable part of any creature, natural or not. He was prepared to dodge to the side again, to use the creature’s momentum against it and reach under it with the machete, had shifted his feet to do so, but it must have seen it, or maybe it had just learned from last time, because it twisted with him, and before he knew what was happening it’s strong jaws were clamping down on the arm holding the machete.
“Okay, well,” Rick said, running his hand through his hair, finally looking uncomfortable, as if only now registering that he’d interrupted Dean’s dinner. “I’ll leave you to your food.”
he thought as he blinked back the tears suddenly threatening at the corners of his eyes.
A plate hit the bar next to him, making him jump, and he turned to see Katerina ignoring Ellen’s knowing look as she pushed it in front of him.
He could spend the rest of his life on his knees, Latin heavy on his tongue, and it would never be enough to absolve him of the sins weighing down his limbs, making his thoughts sluggish and useless.
“And I’m not Catholic,” he said, “and God isn’t real.” Jim didn’t react to the words, though Dean supposed that John had said the same, had said worse, to Jim enough times that the denial barely even registered when coming from a Winchester.
“If you need help,” he said, “pray for me. I will find you.”
“The basement?” Jason said. “Dude–” Kyle gave him a sharp look, and Jason threw his hands up. “Fine, whatever,” he said, and Sam and Jason stood and waited as the rest of the group turned to head up the stairs. Sam eyed Jason up out of the corner of his eye. He was a big guy, not quite as tall as Sam but close, and though Sam could definitely take him in a physical fight, he’d much rather it not come to that. Better to do this in a way that he wouldn’t see coming.
“What, you couldn’t just make your own?” the demon asked, looking back up at him. “What’s the matter Dean? Too much blood on your blackened soul? Not quite sure you have the juice for it?” Dean ignored the jab, at least outwardly. It’s not like he would tell a demon that the last time he’d tried to make holy water that it hadn’t worked, that he didn’t know if that meant that he’d completely given up on God or that God had given up on him. He’d never even fucking known if he believed in God, just knew that the prayers and rosaries worked and made holy water and demons screamed when you poured it on them, and that was all he had needed to know. And maybe that was the problem, really. When a man claiming to be an angel had shown up in his dreams and cracked his understanding of the world so bad he was still trying to right himself months later, faith became a far slippier thing than it had ever been before.
that could possibly compare to what Shifrat za-'iil would do to me if I were to spoil his game.” Dean didn’t say anything else, just emptied the rest of the water bottle on the demon, making it scream in pain, the sound echoing, like there was an entire host inside it’s chest, all crying out in agony at once. Its eyes, when it opened them again, were filled with hatred as it panted, staring into Dean’s eyes.
even meant anything in relationship to the church. To the painfully human constructs of belief: division and war, death and sacrifice, supplication and absolution. It was powerful, whatever he was, and something about him haunted Dean still, making him wake, sweating and shivering, the memory of blue eyes staring into his own slipping away as his consciousness crawled back in. It had been more than seven months, but while the dreams came and went, that first one lingered, the dream that wasn’t a dream remaining as sharp as any memory. He could still remember every word Castiel had said to him, could almost recite them out loud, even when awake. The memory of the dream version of Sam haunted him too, layering over every memory he had of the kid he’d raised, like a cursed vision of a future he wasn’t even sure was real. The healed wounds on his side had been enough to convince him that Castiel, whatever he was, existed just as much in the physical realm as that dream field; so too was he convinced of the realness of the demonic dogs that had threatened him with a drawn-out and bloody death. That certainty hadn’t faded at all, some part of him beyond logic and reason and any attempts to explain away the impossible
“I didn’t do anything!” he said. The boy took a menacing step forward before one of the other boys managed to wedge himself between them.
“We need to–”
“What the hell,” someone said, voice soft with surprise.
“This is an Anglican church you know,” he said, voice mild. Dean finally straightened up, raising his head to meet Jim’s eyes.
Sam woke up next to a corpse.
“I have just as much a right to be here as you do,” Sam said, voice turning indignant. The boy snorted.
Dean clarified,
“I didn’t mean you personally,” he snapped, and the demon laughed at the obvious telegraph of his rising frustration and fear. “Why did Hell take him? What do you want with him?” The demon shrugged.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sam’s alive,” Bobby said, and Dean let the words echo in his head, let the certainty that Bobby put behind them sink into his heart, slow his breathing. Still, he knew that he wouldn’t be able to fully believe it, not completely, until he had that kid safe in the circle of his arms.
and he’d failed already, he’d fucked up and murdered some random kid.
“And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat on him was Death, and Hell followed with him,” Dean said in a rush of memory, before his mind snapped forward to another memory, far more recent:
cw: mention of child death
in a way his waking mind never could. Sam, though… he hated himself for it, but he couldn’t help but hope that that version of Sam was nothing more than a dream, a nightmarish figment of his imagination. Wasn’t it worse, if he hadn’t been? If that vision of Sam, broken and bloody and utterly alien to the boy Dean remembered, was what had become of him in the time since Dean had lost him?
“What now?” Bobby asked, voice cautious, like he wasn’t sure he should even ask, like it was a risk, a push he wasn’t sure he should make. Dean stared down at the pile of ashes that had once been a map.
and then back up to the crowd. There was blood splattered all over the front of his shirt, his jeans, and he knew all too well what he looked like in that moment. There weren’t any sirens though, no one pointing at him and shouting accusations and condemnations, so he tucked his gun away with slow, exhausted movements. He walked back to Alex, ignoring the crunch of teeth under heavy boots, and bent down, patting down the other man. He found Alex’s gun, which he kept in his hand as continued to search him, going through his pockets, but there was nothing else on him, nothing to say where he had come from, what he had been doing before he’d ended up in front of the church. Dean stood back up, peering over the heads of the increasingly restless crowd. His attention was caught, briefly, by a single man standing in the crowd, notable not only because of his pale white skin but also his calm expression. Unlike everyone else whose face Dean’s eyes had skimmed over, this man seemed utterly unphased by what had just happened, almost like he had expected to see this, the monsters or Dean or both. There was no real expression on his face, just blue eyes fixed on Dean with an intensity that made Dean want to step backwards with the force of it. He didn’t have time to react to the incongruity of the man before he abruptly turned, his tan trench coat disappearing into the crowd just as suddenly as he’d appeared. Dean blinked, wondering if he should go after him when his attention was drawn away by a group of men who were now standing together, gesturing towards him with some urgency. He needed to get moving before that turned into anything, he thought, pushing the question of the strange man to the back of his mind as he resumed scanning over the crowd’s heads. It only took a couple of second more before he spotted a familiar shape in the distance. He didn’t wait any longer, just began walking in that direction, and the people surrounding him parted without hesitation, half-heard whispers wrapping around him the entire way through until he finally broke free of the crowd, nothing between him and Alex’s truck, sitting on the side of the road halfway down the street, driver’s side door hanging open.
“Sancta Maria, Mater Dei, ora pro nobis peccatoribus, nunc, et in hora mortis nostrae,” Dean said, keeping his eyes fixed on the face of the sacrificial son.
it said, loud enough to make Sam’s head ache.
Thanks for reading!!
“So?” he asked. Merihem shrugged.
When Rick finally walked away, Dean was left to stare at the wall of glass bottles in front of him, burger forgotten. He couldn’t decide if he felt relieved or angry at the confirmation that his dad was at least still alive, still out there hunting somewhere. Both, probably, though every time he heard someone mention having run into John the scales tipped more and more in favour of straightforward, uncomplicated anger. It had only happened a handful of times since his father had disappeared with his cryptic, unspoken message to Dean to not look for him. Just stories, usually secondhand, hunters who’d run into him on a job, vague compliments about what a great hunter John was, sometimes comments about how proud Dean must be to have a dad like him. Dean snorted, shaking himself out of his head and picking up his burger again, taking a bite. Proud wasn’t the word for it, but it wasn’t something he could disagree with without showing his hand, so he just nodded and accepted it for the compliment it was meant as. Ellen, Bobby, and Pastor Jim were the only ones that knew that Dean didn’t know where John was, hadn’t heard from him since before he’d gone to Palo Alto. He was probably being paranoid, not saying anything about it to any other hunters, but the sick nervousness that ran through him at the thought of others knowing, of it becoming common knowledge, always managed to keep his mouth shut. If nothing else, he didn’t want anyone’s pity.
“Yes,” Castiel said. “You killed it.” Dean blinked at him again, before a glint of silver caught his attention, a small reflection of the distant lights still glowing from across the garage. From this distance, they were just enough to see by, casting long, dark shadows wherever they didn’t reach. He looked down to see that Castiel was holding a long silver blade, oddly circular and wickedly sharp.
“Doesn’t matter, does it?” he asked, licking the fork, and Merihem turned her gaze to him.
the man continued, apparently not satisfied with Dean’s lackluster response. Dean widened his eyes, trying to look shocked, and the bartender nodded, leaned back away from Dean.
he thought, looking back up. There was little of the original furniture left in the room, aside from a horribly threadbare sofa against one wall. Instead, battery-powered lamps and sleeping bags lay scattered around the room. There were a few video cameras too, but no real equipment otherwise, no sign of sigils or salt lines.
he thought. Somehow, it still always surprised him.
“Just nervous, I guess,” he whispered back.
“It’s okay,” it mocked. “Let’s try this one then: et ecce equus pallidus et qui sedebat desuper nomen illi Mors et inferus sequebatur eum.”
“You remember how he died?” Bobby asked, and a flicker of irritation managed to draw more of Dean’s attention back to the present moment.
“I don’t know,” he admitted, making his voice waver slightly. “I’ve never… this is the second haunted house I’ve ever been to, I’ve never even seen a ghost.”
“S– Sam?” Jason’s voice emerged from the darkness, but Sam didn’t bother to reply, too busy reaching out with his other senses. It was the kind of darkness that you normally only found inside caves, buried deep within the belly of the earth. The kind of absolute night where you couldn’t tell if you had your eyes open or shut. It shouldn’t have been that dark in any basement, much less the basement of a house as rotted and dilapidated as this one. And yet, somehow, it was. Sam closed his eyes, blocking out the sound of Jason repeating his name, his quickening breaths audible as he began to panic. The scorn he felt at Jason’s fear was distant, fading rapidly as he reached out with his mind. The basement was just as impossibly large in his head as he had begun to suspect while walking through it, but in the landscape of his mind he was able to see where the metaphysical walls lay, where what
“No you haven’t,” Merihem said, and Sam laughed.
.” Merihem’s voice was soft when she replied.
He sank to a crouch in the dirt by the truck, back pressed flat to one of the tires. He was sweating from the heat and from the effort of moving the bodies, and he took a few deep breaths before bracing himself and finally pushing the button. There was a moment when nothing happened, Dean already resigning himself to needing to leave the shelter of the truck behind to get closer to the rocks, when there was a sudden roar behind him, and the ground shook. The smell of burning filled the air as Dean pressed his back even tighter to the tire, breathing hard as he watched with wide eyes as tiny chunks of rock peppered the ground in front of him, pinging off the body of the truck. The sound of rock crashing and breaking apart was deafening, and continued long after the sounds of the explosion began to fade from Dean’s ears. Finally, it was silent, and he stood cautiously, turning and looking over the bed of the truck towards the rock outcropping. Triumph surged through him when he saw that it was now half as tall as it had been, some of the pillars having tumbled down and out, smashing across the desert, but the majority looking to have collapsed inwards. Dean picked up the backpack before walking back to the outcropping, moving more cautiously the closer he got, wary of rocks that might just be waiting for the slightest bit of motivation to fall further, eyes scanning for shards of white rock. He didn’t see any though, and when he arrived back at the curve that he had previously entered through, he found his way thoroughly blocked by shattered stone. He kept walking around the outside instead until he found where the remains of rock that had tumbled outwards had created a slope that was climbable, cautiously scaling upwards until he could see over the top of the entire outcropping.
Sam thought back, but he knew that wasn’t completely true. Killing the kid was incidental, a failure sure, but nothing compared to what would happen to him if he didn’t get the witch too, and Sam let out a long, ragged breath as he aimed the gun at Kyle’s head.
“Okay?” Sam repeated, unable to keep the annoyance out of his voice. He expected that reaction from her father, or maybe just dreaded it, but Merihem usually had far more reasonable expectations of him. He gestured towards the body of the man, his blood still slowly spreading across the table, glistening under the lights of the dining room. Looking over at him, Sam found himself briefly mourning the perfect plate of pasta that his head was lying in, before the basket of bread from the middle of the table caught his attention. Flipping off the napkin, he let out a pleased noise when he saw that the fabric had spared the bread any bloody contamination, and shoved a whole slice in his mouth. When he looked back at Merihem she was still looking at him, a faint expression of disgust on her face, though whether that was because of how Sam was eating or the critique of his performance he couldn’t tell.
sharp and immediate and shocking through him. Dean’s eyes flew open, the ceiling abruptly coalescing above him. Almost as soon as the pain crashed over him, liquid warmth replaced it, his brain struggling to make sense of the sensation –
“What the fuck,” a more familiar voice said, louder and closer, and Sam found himself unceremoniously shoved to the side by the boy who was apparently the self-appointed leader of their small group. Sam ground his teeth together, swallowing down the anger that rushed through him as his shoulder hit the wall. The entire group watched as the boy patted at the blank stretch of wall, and Sam took another deep breath and forced his expression back into one of surprise and fear, joining the others in watching as the boy searched futilely for the doorknob, for the edge of the door, any sign that there ever was an exit there. He wouldn’t find one, Sam knew, and he wondered if they knew that, if they had bothered to research the house they’d decided to hunt for ghosts in, or if they’d just heard
at the Hotel La Hacienda. Pulling into the parking lot and shutting off the Impala, Dean swept his eyes over the worn two-story building, painted an unremarkable reddish-brown with wrought iron railings lining the second story, before finally climbing out of the car. He groaned, loud and unselfconscious as he stretched the stiffness of the road from his limbs. He glanced around the parking lot, but didn’t see Alex’s rusty blue F-100 anywhere, not that that meant much – Dean didn’t even know yet if there were other hotels in the town or not.
“Actually,” he said, “it kind of does.” He shrank back when everyone turned to look at him, eyes flicking nervously around the circle.
It was different.
he thought.
There was a face floating just behind Jason’s shoulder, skin peeled away, a mess of raw, bleeding flesh and grinning teeth. Though it was closest to Jason, it was Sam that it was looking at, eyes bloodshot and bulging out of the desiccated remains of the muscles of its eye sockets. Sam didn’t even blink, didn’t look at it directly, just nodded his agreement. The face flickered out of view just before Jason’s own eyes would have reached it as he turned his flashlight reluctantly towards the other door in the room. To the basement, Sam guessed, and he didn’t blame Jason for his reluctance. Jason probably had a much better idea of what was happening in the house than the rest of them, what the spirit there was capable of, given what he’d come to the house for. He also probably knew just as well as Sam did that everything he was looking for was in the basement, and that he had to go down there if he wanted to get it. It would provoke Novikov, and Sam spent a wishful second imagining Novikov just impaling Jason on a piece of rebar for Sam, before sighing and following Jason towards the basement door.
When Sam had first been learning how to use the power, he’d been told to try and feel where it lived in the centre of him and then pull it out, but it had never felt like that to him. It was more like turning on a faucet, a lever somewhere deep inside of him where the power was just waiting behind it, ready to pour out of him the second he allowed it to. It wasn’t something he had to
thank you as always to helen for being the literal best!!!
And we finally get a good old fashioned monster hunt :))
“How’s your arm?” she finally asked, looking back towards him. Sam uncurled slightly to shrug out of his heavy black jacket, the gold buttons clinking against the marble as he let it drop to the ground. The small diamond and onyx cuff link followed after, and Sam ignored the look Meriham gave him as she picked it up before it could roll off the edge of the balcony. He focused on carefully rolling up his sleeve instead, breath hitching in his chest as his fingers touched the skin, sending hot waves of pain rolling through his body. Meriham’s expression was inscrutable as inch after inch of raw red skin was revealed. It hadn’t been long enough for the burn to begin healing at all, and Sam had almost passed out from the pain when he’d bumped into someone in the crowd earlier, only staying upright through the weight of the eyes on his back and the knowledge of what the consequences would be if he gave into his body’s desperate pleas for the relief of unconsciousness. The burn spanned the length of his forearm, crawling further upwards on the outside until it stopped just above his elbow. The cords of his muscle were obvious where the skin had been eaten away, and the contrast between the white of the undamaged skin and the red of the open wound made his stomach twist every time he looked at it. Deep enough to scar but not deep enough to damage the muscle and affect his movements after it finally healed: a careful calculation that Sam was grateful for even as he hissed out an exhalation of pain, holding the limb out towards Merihem. She took his hand, her fingers cool against his overheated skin, turning it back and forth. She looked up at Sam, a question in her eyes, and he shook his head.
Jim didn’t seem surprised to find Dean in the church early the next morning, bent in half in the pew at the front of the church. Dean hadn’t bothered to look up when he’d heard the door open, or as the steady sound of footsteps against tile drew nearer and nearer. He could see the black tips of Jim’s sneakers out of the corner of his eye, but he ignored them, just kept repeating the same words under his breath, over and over again. He was speaking so quietly he could barely hear himself, but he still wasn’t surprised when Jim interrupted him.
been here, which was good, but the fact that he wasn’t anywhere to be found, and still hadn’t called or texted Dean back wasn’t doing anything to dispel Dean’s growing sense of unease. Since it didn’t look like he was anywhere in town, it seemed safe to assume that he’d gotten bored of waiting for Dean and had headed out into the desert to see if he could locate the cursed spot the bartender had spoken about. Dean’s stomach twisted at the thought of what it meant, then, that he hadn’t come back, before he quickly shoved the thought down. The radio silence could just as easily be something as mundane as Alex’s phone getting dropped or him losing his charger as it might be something malicious. And just because he hadn’t spotted Alex’s truck in his walk around town didn’t mean it wasn’t here, maybe parked at someone’s house instead of one of the hotels, if Alex had picked up some local girl or sweet talked his way into crashing on someone’s couch. Alex had a voice like honey, sweet and rich, and Dean had watched him talk his way into and out of more things than he could count – everything from getting a concierge to rent them the penthouse suite at the price of a normal room to convincing a cop not to arrest him despite him being caught climbing over the fence around a construction site with a literal crossbow slung across his back. Hell, Dean knew from first hand experience just how convincing Alex could be when he turned his charms on you, so he couldn’t exactly act like he didn’t get it, why people would look into his dark brown eyes and agree to just about anything he asked. So there was no point in him borrowing trouble, not when there was still a host of reasonable explanations for why he might not have yet heard from or run into Alex in town.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sorry,” Sam said, making sure to make his voice waver slightly, keeping his eyes open wide. “I didn’t… I didn’t think anyone else would be here. I was just…” he trailed off, glancing around nervously. The other kids had made their way off the stairs, and were now approaching him as well. One of the girls stepped up next to the two boys attempting to intimidate him.
“Ryan, what are you doing?” Nicole said, frantically tugging at his arm. “Don’t do this, please.”
“Katerina–” Dean started, turning back around, but she cut him off with a commanding finger pointed at him.
“That’s not what I’m saying! I’m saying we need to–”
The thing now clambering back to its feet in the middle of the devil’s trap, on the other hand, was nothing but. At least Dean could comfort himself with that.
“Know what?” Jason asked, voice loud and angry. Sam looked around the circle again.
“He’s alive,” Dean said, taking a huge gasping breath. “Sam’s alive.” He stumbled backwards until his back hit the wall, then slid down it, bracing his arms on his bruised knees and putting his head between them. “Oh god, he’s alive.” There was a shuffling movement above him before a dark shape moved into his peripheral vision – Bobby, crouching down beside him – and put his hand on Dean’s shoulder. Dean looked up, blinking away tears that he refused to acknowledge.
“I’m the witch,” he said. “My name is Rian O'Siodhachain, and I was born in Carrignavar, Ireland, 130 years ago.”
, “but the bullet didn’t react, which means it's one of you instead. So, which one of you is it?” There was a long silence, broken only by the sound of crying. Sam swallowed. “Tell me, or I’ll just kill you all,” he finally said. Chrissy began crying harder, and Kyle had given up all pretense of looking anything other than terrified.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thanks,” she said, turning back to the screen and clicking around a bit more. She typed something into the computer, then frowned, clicking a couple more times. Her frown was deepening, and a familiar warning began to sound at the back of Dean’s head.
Sam knew he needed to get out of the valley.
“Not right now,” she said, “but he’s going to notice you’re gone sooner or later.” Sam nodded. He should go back. He was pushing it, he knew, especially after the previous week, and it wasn’t like hiding out like a scared child was going to change anything, was going to do anything other than just make what was already bad, worse.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ve never heard that,” Chrissy said, expression even more nervous than it had been before. Sam shrugged.
The woman’s screams were shrill enough to be annoying, but not bad enough for Sam to want to do anything about it. It might attract the neighbor’s attention, and at some point Sam was sure that someone would call the police, but that didn’t matter anymore. The little boy sobbing was another story, the noise grating, rubbing against some raw and tender thing buried deep in Sam’s chest that had once cared about that sort of thing. He knew from experience that taking the time to stop it wouldn’t make it feel any better though, so he tried his best to ignore it, walking over to where the woman’s chair had been before she’d kicked it over as she scrabbled away from him. The plate of macaroni and cheese was still hot to the touch as he picked it up, and he flicked the couple of noodles that had gotten droplets of blood on them off onto the table before he picked up the fork and began to shovel it into his mouth, barely chewing as he went. He only managed a couple of bites before his stomach revolted at the sudden influx of heavy, rich food after such a long time spent empty, but he determinately swallowed down the rising tide of bile and acid and kept eating. It was so fucking good, spicy and thick with cheese and he focused on it, continuing to ignore the woman who had now edged around the table to grab her son, pulling him into her arms and finally running from the room. It wasn’t important, and he wouldn’t be there long enough for there to be any consequences for letting her live. Sure enough, he was just finishing off the plate when a woman’s voice suddenly came from behind him.
“What the
Thank you as always to Helen, who is the best kind of bully.
Dean’s hands anxiously drummed against the steering wheel as he looked up at the building in front of him, the tapping of his palms completely out of sync with the song blasting from the stereo. He hadn’t spent much time on university campuses outside of the occasional hunt, and being there was making him feel weirdly jittery. Maybe it was just the sense of how completely he didn’t belong there, amongst all the kids, barely any younger than him but still so full of potential and hope, kids whose dreams weren’t coated in red, who didn’t sometimes wake up screaming. Or maybe it was knowledge of how much he would stick out as something that didn’t belong the second he stepped out of the car in his worn work boots and faded flannel. If he was being honest with himself though, he knew it was almost definitely the fact that he was about to see Sam for the first time in four years. There was a weird sense of disconnect between the idea of some version of Sam walking across the sidewalk in front of him, maybe studying amongst the students he could see scattered across the lawn, and the Sam that he knew, had known – face still round with the last remaining traces of his baby fat, the defiant yell of
When it blinked out, there was nothing on the table but ash. Dean stared, hardly able to bring himself to understand what he’d just watched, what it meant for Sam.
it said.
“Thanks for the warning,” he said, voice quiet. Merihem nodded, the smile sliding off her face as quickly as it had appeared.
the priest finally said, before glancing at the bottles of holy water in Dean’s arms.
, he told himself. Not yet, he wasn’t thinking that yet. Not until he knew for sure.
“Y’know I actually heard about something similar,” another hunter jumped in. The table turned its attention to her, but unlike the other hunter, she shrunk slightly under the increased scrutiny. She cleared her throat, glancing around before speaking. “Not me, but my friend, she was chasing a hunt in northern Alberta. Shows up to find the monster already dead, with a couple of the locals crediting it to this giant scarred dude. They said that there was a woman with him though, and one of them claimed he’d seen her eyes turn black.”
“So you do know where my brother is,” he said instead, and the demon’s expression turned considering.
. He couldn’t believe he’d fucked up this badly, after how careful he’d been, how well it had been going.
“He told me he was in Alaska,” Dean lied, “but if you’re looking for details about the hunt, I didn’t get any.”
Anyways.
. “You said Samuel Winchester, right?” she said.
“I mean you heard him!” Chrissy said, voice creeping upwards in both pitch and volume. “He said we can’t get out until sunrise.”
“On the other hand,” the demon said, voice conversational as it walked towards him, hands once again shoved in its pockets like it was nothing, pace leisurely and unconcerned. “I guess it also works if I kill you right now.” Dean fought against the force holding him in place, but as hard as he tried, muscles straining and breath stuttering with effort, he couldn’t so much as move a finger. He was completely helpless, couldn’t do anything but watch, fear screaming through his brain, as the demon drew closer and closer.
“No,” he repeated, even more forcefully. “He accepted the scholarship, he’d gotten everything sorted out with the dorms, had a roommate assigned to him and everything. He just… never showed up.” Dean watched as Jim sighed, running a hand down his face and staring into the space just over Dean’s shoulder. When he looked back at Dean, his eyes were blank, and Dean knew then that there would be no hollow comfort to be found within these familiar walls.
“Ellen–” Dean started, but she cut him off with a glare uncomfortably similar to the one that Katerina had given him earlier. Dean sighed, but didn’t protest any further, just took another drink of his beer. He supposed there were worse things than a forced night on the small cot Ellen kept in the storeroom, especially when leveraged against his previous plans of sleeping in the car. His sigh of defeat made a small smile curve Ellen’s mouth as she ran her cloth over the top of the counter, the wet cloth not seeming to do much other than move the moisture on the bartop around. “Jo around?” he finally asked, glancing around the room. Ellen’s face shuttered, and Dean immediately wished he’d just kept his mouth shut.
“What just happened?” came a voice out of the darkness, and Sam opened his eyes to find that his flashlight had turned itself back on, the beam still trained on Jason who was now looking back at Sam with wide, scared eyes. Sam tried to mould his face into the same expression, but wasn’t sure he was successful. Jason didn’t look at all reassured, either way. Sam was losing patience with the ruse though, and the interlude with Novikov had thoroughly pushed him out of the mindset of a scared, overwhelmed grad student.
“But?” he asked, needing her to say it, say what he was already all but certain was coming next.
María shrugged.
Dean stuck to the bar long after Katerina came and took his plate away with a hand pressed against his lower back that made him smile, and a smack to the back of his head that made him smile even wider. Ellen left him alone, focusing on her other patrons and leaving Dean to his thoughts, not commenting on the way he watched people come and go from the safety of the bar, the nice civilian couple leaving rather quickly after a group of three hunters fresh off a kill came in, reeking of blood and sweat and victory. Once evening hit the bar got louder and louder as more and more hunters came stumbling in the front doors. Dean waited until most of the people in the bar were at least two drinks in before finally pushing off his stool to join the crowd. He grabbed a second beer from Ellen as he went, winking in response to the knowing look she shot him. After a quick glance around the room, he headed to one of the more crowded tables. The hunters gathered there greeted him enthusiastically, pulling up a chair and inviting him in. He didn’t know any of them personally, though a few of them he’d heard of before, and it made it a lot easier for him to just sit there silently, listening as they traded stories and rumours: gossip about fellow hunters, tips about monsters, recounts of hunts that were almost certainly greatly exaggerated. Most of it was fairly run of the mill, and Dean was just beginning to debate moving on to another table when something one of the men said caught his attention, a story being told only to the far half of the table.
the man finally said.
to feel, die.
“Yeah, well, we were here first. So you can fuck off now,” he said, making a sweeping gesture towards Sam. Sam raised a hand, checking his watch again under the guise of rubbing at his face, using that same hand to hide his smile when he saw the time.
“Oh,” the boy said, sounding disappointed. “Well, did–”
Urgency burning even brighter inside him, Sam turned and began the slow, laborious task of walking towards the forest. With every step he had to fight against both the wind attempting to push him over and the snow attempting to pull him under, to weigh him down and smother him inside its icy grip. The effort to push through the dense, white powder, undisturbed by anything spare the wind and maybe the occasional animal, though Sam had yet to see any, was immense. He quickly found himself sweating beneath his parka, experience already warning him that the sweat would turn to ice the second he stopped moving. There wasn’t anything he could do about that though, and being hot with exertion was better than the alternative. Breathing heavily through his nose, Sam glanced up through slitted eyes to see how far he was from the more forgiving shelter of the forest.
“Listen, Dean–” she started, before cutting herself off, eyes flicking to just over Dean’s shoulder. A second later he felt a hand on his elbow, and turned to find Katerina standing next to him, looking at Ellen with a confused expression. She was wearing a hoodie over her work uniform, hair let down from the ponytail it had been in the last time Dean had seen her.
The sound of the gunshot was shockingly loud, even knowing it was coming, and the sound echoed impossibly through the room over and over. It left Sam’s ears ringing as he lowered the weapon, watching the blood run down the contents of the cabinet. He saw something flicker to life as the blood slid down it; a glass orb glowing dark purple. He only had a second to contemplate how stupid it had been for him to add blood to a cabinet full of magical objects before his attention was jerked away from whatever was awakening there by a scream, loud and echoing. He turned his head to see that while his attention had been focused on Jason, the rest of the teenagers had apparently come looking for them, and were now standing in a cluster at the bottom of the stares, faces shocked and terrified.
much trouble since then. Dean figured it was still even odds at this point that he was just passed out on a barstool, or in some random woman’s bed. Worse case scenario, he’d ended up in the drunk tank, and it wasn’t like Dean hadn’t broken him out of one of those before, though more often he’d been locked up right alongside him. He half smiled at the memory of the last time he’d seen Alex, almost five months earlier in Nashville; no hunt, just the two of them, a long series of dive bars all blending together, country music, the taste of whisky on his tongue and the heat of a body pressed tight against his.
Dean asked.
“Don’t be an asshole Kyle, we–”
“Fine,” he said. “Have I mentioned recently how much I love you?”
thank you so much to eliza for being incredibly lovely and beta'ing this despite having only watched one (1) episode of supernatural ever.
“Ryan,” Kyle said, “you can’t… he’s going to
It took a second for Dean to move beyond that thought, the overwhelming horror of it, to process the rest of what the demon had said. He frowned, trying to shove down the mess of fear and panic and self-hatred boiling inside of him.
Dean asked as he took the proffered piece of paper. María gave him a sharp look.
. Fear turned his breath ragged as he limped into the front room, the pieces of broken bone in his leg grinding against each other with every step. He took in the abandoned sleeping bags, the knocked over lanterns. He didn’t pause, just kept going towards the front door. He didn’t know how long he had before the cops showed up, but he didn’t want to be anywhere near the house when they did.
The words were already slipping from his mind even as he desperately tried to hold onto them. The demon, watching his face carefully, smiled, like it could see into Dean’s mind, like it knew that Dean didn’t know what it had just said to him.
“Could we have done it wrong?” he asked, voice shaking, and Bobby looked down at the instructions again before shaking his head.
“Dean,” Jim said, voice gentle in a way that made anger spike in Dean’s chest, sudden and hot.
Dean should have used the time spent driving out to where the woman at the diner had marked on the map thinking about what he was going to do when he got there, what monsters might be awaiting him, what cursed object he might have to destroy, but all he could feel was that same strange numbness. His brain had gone static with it, like his thoughts were moving at half speed, pierced through with little jabs of white and grey noise. He didn’t know why really – it wasn’t like it was the first time he’d been on a hunt where another hunter had died, wasn’t even the first time he’d watched a friend die. Though he supposed it was the first time he’d been forced to be the one to do it, to shoot a friend and watch the life leak from their eyes. The first time, too, that it had been someone he’d…
.” Jim’s eyes were wide with understanding and shock, and Dean felt viciously glad for it. Someone else besides him should bear the weight of this, even if the blame lay only with him.
“What the fuck did you do?” he demanded, and Sam stumbled back, eyes wide, hands held out in front of him in a gesture of supplication and surrender, sending the beam of his flashlight skittering over the ceiling.
echoed around Dean’s head, just barely audible above the suddenly too loud sound of blood rushing through his ears.
Thank you as always to Helen for the beta!
“Don’t,” she warned, glaring. Dean looked back at her for a beat longer, then raised his hands in defeat, smiling despite himself.
Sam thought, barely tamping down on the urge to smile. The group came back together in the middle of the room, and there was a moment of silence as they all looked around at each other.
Picking the pockets of a couple of the people rushing to and from the train station was easy enough, Sam making sure to target the men wearing expensive suits and briefcases, yelling into their phones and pushing through crowds with the easy entitlement that spoke to a lifetime of privilege and power. If he had to grab more wallets to get all the cash he needed than he would have if he picket targets less reliant on credit cards well, that was just how it went sometimes. He debated keeping one of the cards, using it to buy a meal for himself inside the station before he got on the train, but ultimately decided against it. He would probably still have enough for a granola bar of something from a vending machine after he got his ticket, and he was so close now. It would be an unnecessary danger, to risk being caught on camera, to have the police called on him. If it was earlier, if he had more
“Prove it,” he said, then added, “slowly.” Eyes fixed on Sam, Ryan brought one of his hands in front of him, palm facing upwards, before muttering something under his breath. A small flame burst into being just above his hand, and someone behind him gasped. Ryan raised his eyes to Sam.
Dean thought to himself, ignoring the part of his mind that wanted to add a qualifier that he
crumpled, toppling to the side. Dean kept his gun fixed on him as he moved forward, but when he got close he could see that it was dead, Alex’s sightless eyes fixed upwards, bloody and bulging, the hole from Dean’s bullet now leaking a small, sluggish stream of something black and far thicker than blood. Dean crouched down, gun still at the ready, and ran his eyes over Alex’s body. His clothes were muddy, covered in blood. Up close Dean could now see that what he had earlier mistaken for sweat was some other liquid, splattered over his shoulders as if it had been dumped over his head. His mouth was still hanging open, ruined jaw sagging wide, painful to look at. Something small and hard crunched under Dean’s boot as he shifted his weight, and he looked down at the ground to see the things that he’d watched drop from Alex’s mouth scattered across the road. Up close, he could finally see what they were, and his stomach rolled as he glanced from the teeth on the ground next to him back to Alex’s open, empty mouth.
“I didn’t say anything,” she said, but leaned in and whispered, “but maybe I won’t bother to make up the cot after all.” Dean glared at her, but she just laughed at him. Straightening, she headed away to where a man was now standing nervously at the other end of the bar. Dean watched as Ellen spoke to him, taking in the way the man was standing, his eyes skittering over the room around him every few seconds.
“Yeah,” he said. “Cool.”
“I told you,” he said. “I am attuned to your soul.”
“Hey Alex, it’s Dean. Again. I’m gonna be in town in half an hour, fucking call me.” Dean ended the call with a harsh jab at the button. He couldn’t say it was unlike Alex to just drop off the map, but it was unusual for him to do it in the middle of a hunt, much less a hunt where he’d been the one to call Dean and ask him to come down and help him out. The last time he’d spoken to him had been when he’d stopped for lunch the day before in San Marcos, and he’d told Dean then that he was just going to stick to doing research until Dean got there, so he couldn’t have gotten into
Dean asked again.
Dean and Bobby both stared down in shocked silence as the flame skimmed across the surface of the map, twisting around itself in a way that seemed almost hungry, seeking, though the paper below stayed just as clear from the blister of flame, the flaking of ash, as it had been before Bobby had cast the spell. Finally, the flame went out, never once making a mark on the page, disappearing with a strange quiet rustling.
“No,” he said. “No Dean, I think your daddy’s alive.” Dean could have choked on the wave of relief that swept through him, something deep inside of him that had barely been holding him together, barely keeping him from falling apart, was allowed to loosen its grip just a little bit. Just as quickly after though, came the type of unfamiliar anger that Dean had very rarely ever directed at his father.
And a huge shout out to Britt, my DM, from whom I shamelessly stole (with permission) this chapter's monsters from. Please excuse my artistic licenses.
he was shaking. Not badly, not yet, nothing more than a fine tremble, but Sam knew his body, knew the signs. He only had a couple of hours before it would get bad enough to affect his dexterity. Another deadline to add to the ones already weighing him down. He ignored the whisper at the back of his mind that told him it was happening faster, that it was getting worse. It wasn’t like there was anything he could do about it, especially not here.
“Hey!” someone yelled. The voice was loud, meant to startle, so Sam made himself jump, swinging his flashlight wildly over to where the group of kids were now standing, stopped at various points down the length of the staircase. Both of the girls, the closest to the top of the stairs, looked scared, as did one of the boys, though the one standing at the bottom of the stairs, and the one heading down to join him just looked pissed off. But Sam could smell the fear undercutting the mask of bravado and anger on both of them, and he fought the urge to sneer at them. All that fear, and they didn’t even understand what they actually needed to be afraid of, what the real dangers were to them. Sam barely managed to get out a startled greeting in return before the boy at the front, one of the angry ones, was speaking over him.
