“Good idea.” John agrees. He makes a mental note to himself to read that letter over before allowing Sherlock to send it.
“We’re home.” He repeated. “You can sleep some more once we get in.” John paid the cabbie and gently nudged Sherlock out the door.
“Well. Like you said, the press is making London an annoying place to be in, right now. And a lot of things have changed, since we were last living in Baker Street together. A lot happened, and it’s like- there are ghosts. So I thought, we could take a little holiday, if you want. Maybe even a long one. We have the money now, with what Mycroft left you. I’ll pitch in my share too, of course, I have some saved. We could just- travel. See things we’ve always wanted to see. Sort ourselves out. I thought, maybe it might make things easier to figure out, somehow. Freeing, in a way.”
John nodded, and picked up the cage, sitting down on the bed. He motioned for Sherlock to stand in front of him. Carefully, he helped Sherlock to put the cage on, locking it securely around him. Then he got into bed, and Sherlock got in after him, cuddling close. John twisted to face Sherlock, wrapping his arms around him and giving him a kiss as Sherlock relaxed against him with a happy sigh.
“So. Are you an angel?” John asked, when they were safely back in Baker Street.
Sherlock smiled against John’s collar bone. “I always feel at home when I’m with you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John immediately stopped, alarmed. Sherlock, feeling the tension in John’s fingers, managed to gather his wits enough to babble out, “God, no, don’t stop, please don’t stop.”
Sherlock smiled excitedly. “I’m sure it will be.”
“Are you all right?” John asked with concern. “Was I too rough?”
John leaned back, allowing his knees to fall open. “Well, all right. Since you asked so nicely.” He said with a quiet chuckle.
John sighed. “Well, no point in dragging it out. Are you planning on...taking legal action?”
Sherlock groaned, arching up against John, the low burn of arousal he’d been feeling suddenly flaming into an inferno at John’s words. His heart raced, his cock fattening until it strained against the cage he wore nearly all the time now. “Yes, John.” He gasped out.
“No, no.” John said, but he was still laughing. “It was good. I liked it.”
“Mr. Watson, you can come in now.”
Has nightmares (might be downstairs at night and want to talk)
“A hundred and thirty-eight.” Sherlock corrected, and John grinned.
John got to his feet, groaning as his back clicked audibly. “Alright. But come get me if you need me, okay? For anything at all.”
Sherlock huffed. “I love you too, John. But do pay attention. This photograph, it’s of awful quality, but still, you can clearly see here in the top right-hand corner that-”
Sherlock stared down at his lap, picking morosely at the lace hem of the dress that Magnussen had gotten him to wear. It had been over a decade since he’d last worn a dress. That had been for a case, where he’d had to infiltrate a feminist book club, of all things, and it had been an unmitigated disaster. It should have been fine, after all he’d lived as a female for more than half his life at that point. However, once out in public in a dress and without his binder for the first time in years, surrounded by overly friendly women who kept saying ‘his’ name, the wrong name, he’d panicked. He’d locked himself in the (wrong) bathroom for forty-five minutes, then, once he’d gotten it together, left early. He’d promised himself then that he’d never wear a dress ever again. No case was worth it.
John grinned slightly. “Do you remember what we did for your birthday?”
Bed-sharing and hand-holding and a brief midnight conversation,
I'm back! Sorry I took a while to update. I...have no excuse. I haven't been busy at all. It's straight up laziness and procrastination. Apologies. Uhm, trigger warning for gender dysphoria. Though I don't think it's super intense.
“We aren’t in London.” John had pointed out mildly. “And you wanted to go to new York anyway.” That was one of the places on their extensive must-hit list.
Doctor Watson would never have sex with a student, Sherlock knew that. He was too good, too moral. After, though, once Sherlock had graduated, maybe he’d have a chance. He would try it, Sherlock promised himself. Soon- there were only four more months left to go.
“No need for that.” Sherlock pushed John towards the bathroom. “Just wash your face. No getting dressed on Christmas, it’s a rule.”
Sherlock’s eyebrows furrowed. “What about my cage?” Usually John helped him to put it back on after they finished a scene. He wore it pretty much constantly when they weren’t having sex.
“All right.” John said with a yawn, finally out of questions. “G’night, Mummy.”
Sherlock turned and went back to the room where he’d left his clothes, closing the door behind him.
“Nearly four years.” Sherlock muttered quietly, voice faltering. His heart was in his throat, and beating so hard he actually felt a little dizzy. He thought he had an idea of where this was going, and he didn’t want to hear it, but he didn’t know how to stop it. He wavered between wrenching his hand away and clutching tight to John, stop him somehow from slipping away.
Sherlock lowered his lips to John’s ear. “I know it is. You’re half hard right now.”
Why are they talking about THIS when Mycroft just died? Because when there are that many things to process, sometimes you have to start with the easiest one. John thought it was the easiest one, anyway. Frankly there is no easy one.
Sherlock rolled onto his back, stretching. “Maybe just a bit.” He smirked.
That had not been the first words that John would have expected to come from Sherlock’s mouth. “What? Sherlock, your brother just-”
“Alright. Night, Sherlock.”
“Morning, love.” He whispered.
“Shit, guys, that’s a footprint!”
“I think I’ll stay in today.” Sherlock told John one morning. It was almost Spring now, and they’d been back in Europe for almost a week. “You should go, though. See that archaeological museum you were interested. I’m not so keen.”
, why? What the hell do you think it will do? Do you think that you can fix this, me, that I will just-”
John smiled at him. “So do I.” He murmured. “But you knew that already.”
Sherlock nodded, glancing around. Spotting a nice-looking pub, he headed over. It was the bottom floor of a small inn, and was rather atmospheric, with wooden signboards and hanging baskets of tiny white flowers. They went in and sat down, picking a spot near the door. Sherlock sat against the wall, where he could watch the flitting of the fish in the aquarium set in the opposite wall as John ate.
“I think we should go home.” Sherlock said.
John showed no sign of impatience with this glacial pace, except for those mornings Sherlock woke up alone in bed to the sounds of John pleasuring himself in the shower. John would return to bed after, flushed and sated, and Sherlock would hide his burning cheeks in the pillows and pretend to be asleep, frustrated and embarrassed by his own inability to provide.
call emergency services, they’re both already dead. And for God’s sake, don’t step in the blood, either.”
Sherlock groaned as he felt the first hit land on his chest, arching up into the sensation. The blows rained down, hard and fast, and Sherlock felt the tension leaking out of him, each hit releasing a little of his pent-up energy until the was boneless and moaning.
They continued to walk, each consumed in his own silent thoughts. Eventually the hedge-lined fields and suburban housing gave way to quaint brick shophouses.
John cocked his head. “I suppose Mycroft looked more like your mother…”
John waited a few seconds for Sherlock to recover himself, and then continued pressing Sherlock down until the entire length of his cock was sheathed in Sherlock’s mouth. He began to fuck Sherlock’s mouth on his cock, tugging him up by the hair and then pushing him back down. His hands were rough, seemingly uncaring, but in John’s mind he counted down the seconds until Sherlock would need to breathe, each time making sure that he got plenty of air. Sherlock limply allowed John to manipulate him like a ragdoll, savouring the feeling of complete helplessness as a damp patch of his drool grew on John’s trousers.
Sherlock hesitated, then shook his head. John reached around Sherlock, unbuckling the gag, and carefully removed it from Sherlock’s mouth. He cupped Sherlock’s jaw, massaging out the soreness in little circles with his thumb. Sherlock’s jaw worked, testing the stiffness.
Breakfast was a simple routine that did wonders for calming Sherlock back down. As always, John sat in his chair, Sherlock kneeling by his feet, and hand fed him strawberries dipped in cream and drizzled in honey, and leftover bits of the banana cake that Mrs Hudson had made. Sherlock relaxed into the caretaking, his arousal settling back into a low, background hum. When they’d both eaten their fill, John let his fingers rest in Sherlock’s mouth, watching the sub intently as Sherlock licked the sweetness from John’s skin.
He stopped suddenly, as if realising what he’d just said. He bit his lip, turning back to his methodical peas-eating.
He grasped Sherlock’s leg, bending his leg a little more. Sherlock followed each instruction, allowing himself to be posed and positioned. He sank into his head, picturing himself as a lifeless doll, blocking out useless thoughts of modesty or outrage.
“You’re very similar to your wife, Doctor Watson.” Magnussen murmured. “You know, she tried to shoot me too. That was, oh, three months ago? You may remember, as she ended up shooting our dear Sherlock here, instead.”
Magnussen observed Sherlock’s brief struggle with himself, smiling as his features settled into a defeated expression. “Good boy.” He praised. He looked at the photographer standing at the side. “He’s all yours, Mr. Watson.”
“You can learn.” Sherlock said staunchly. “I can get a loan of the equipment. You can practice on fruit. You’ve got steady hands, and it’s not like you need to do art, it’s just your name. You’ve been able to write it since you were four.”
John met his eyes, smiling softly. “I love you.” he said.
“It is late, for you to be so deep in our forest, little human.” Said the centaur in a kind voice.
“Hello, John.” Sherlock said, taking John’s hand. John pulled the covers over them, and Sherlock snuggled close, letting out a small, triumphant grin. This experiment hadn’t gone exactly as planned, but Sherlock was pretty sure he could call this one a rousing success.
Magnussen licked his way into Sherlock’s mouth, and Sherlock shuddered in his hold. He’d done this before, for a case, but somehow this was different, worse. It felt unbearable intimate, having someone else’s tongue in his mouth, saliva mingling with his own, sliding down his throat, being absorbed by his digestive system into his very cells. Just barely, he stopped himself from biting down.
After Sherlock jumped, when he was travelling around the world taking down Moriarty’s network, he spent as much time as he could spare in the back garden. It wasn’t as often as he liked, and it was frequently at his lowest, when he most needed it, that he could not afford to escape into his Mind Palace for fear that he’d be caught off guard.
Sorry for the long delay. I had to restart this chapter a few times, and I keep getting slotted for closing shift at work.
Dinner was an annoying affair, full of relatives Sherlock hadn’t seen in decades and cared nothing for. John and Sherlock begged off early and went to hide out in their room. The pair of them lounged on the bed, John googling potential travel destinations while Sherlock sprawled across the rest of the bed, gazing up at John’s profile.
Thus decided, they took a train back to London. Mrs Hudson met them at the door, fluttering delightedly about them.
Finally, they both come while they're in the same room together. I'm thinking this fic, and along with it, this series, will end soon. I know I've said this before and then changed my mind... I just can't let go of them! But I really do have plans to end it, this time. I think we've followed these boys far enough to know that they'll be safe and happy together
John sighed softly and opened his eyes, some of the tension leaving his shoulders. “Yeah, I am.” He admitted.
Sherlock grabbed the vibrator from where he’d dropped it on the bed, returning it between his legs. He sighed, wriggling against John.
“Hey, Sherlock? What’s up?” Came John’s voice.
What the heck, Sherlock. You never told me Mycroft's adopted either...
John grinned at the way Sherlock perked up. “Well, I pulled a few strings- managed to get us access to the museum itself.” He shrugged, feigning nonchalance, then laughed at the way Sherlock abruptly sat bolt upright.
For nearly an hour, Sherlock worked his way through all of John’s favourite pieces. When he was done, John clapped long and loud. He got up, going over to Sherlock to wrap his arms around Sherlock’s neck and kiss him soundly.
Sherlock froze in the motion of hanging up his coat, staring at Magnussen. He felt a sudden urge to put his coat back, but he knew it was useless. Magnussen wanted his vulnerability, and he would get it.
After a stunned bit of silence, John laughed. “That was cheesy.”
In the square below, the crowds screamed as fireworks began going off. Sherlock smirked. “Happy New Year, John.”
Magnussen drew a syringe out of his pocket. “I see you’re confused.” He said as he methodically drew the fluid into the syringe. He glanced up at Sherlock. “It’s oestrogen.”
It even was somewhat helpful. Many nights, he was jerked out of nightmares feeling like he’d been doused in cold water. Not the most pleasant way to wake, admittedly, but John supposed it was better than staying asleep. The ghost would never let him have lie-ins, though. No matter how badly he’d slept the night before, if he tried to sleep past eight in the morning, he’d find himself woken by that same cold-water sensation.
Sherlock's trying to keep it together.
“Shut up, Sherlock.” John said mildly.
“Quite a realistic feeling.” He mused. He lifted it to his face, inhaling, soaking in Sherlock’s smell that lingered on the silicon. He set it on Sherlock’s bedside table, and his hands returned to Sherlock’s pants, fingers sliding over his labia.
“Hey, Sherlock!”
John laughed, leaning up on his elbows to peck Sherlock on the lips. “You’re supposed to say it back.”
“You were sleeping fine before I came in. I heard you snoring.” Sherlock argued.
“To keep the two of you apart. To leave Sherlock vulnerable so he could- collect him.”
“You can’t sleep here, John, you’ll be sore in the morning.” He murmured.
“You really have been compromised, Mr. Holmes. Were you thinking about this?” He drew the vial of yellow liquid out of his jacket pocket. Sherlock glanced away, not wanting to look at it. “Oh, Mr. Holmes.” A cool hand cupped Sherlock’s cheek, guiding him to look at Magnussen. “I think I’ve mentioned before that I I find you very beautiful. Your body- it is lovely. I have no desire to change it.”
“Hold that pose.”  He was instructed, as the photographer went over to his equipment, adjusting the lighting and taking a few photos before coming back to pose him in another position. Sherlock kept his mind blank through the whole ordeal, mindlessly following along as he was instructed. When finally they packed up and left, he remained motionless and unresponsive, staring blankly into the dead space in front of him. It was hours before he moved, getting up and going into the bathroom to take a long shower.
John laughed and shook his head. “Not necessary, unless you prefer it.”
In spite of his trepidation of what was about to come and his discomfort with being in Magnussen’s home, Sherlock found it surprisingly good to finally shower. The warm, rushing water was soothing, and the unopened bottles of soap, shampoo, and conditioner were refreshingly scented. If he concentrated, he could almost pretend he was in a high end hotel, maybe for a case, funded by Mycroft of course, since they’d be doing it as a favour for him. They’d have just finished up, solved the murder, with the rest of day until the next morning to just relax. John would be outside, waiting for him to finish up in the shower so he could have his turn. When he came out John would snark at him for using up all the warm water, Sherlock would roll his eyes and tell him that, obviously, this wasn’t Baker Street with its tiny hot water heater, the pipes here were heated so he could take a shower for two hours if he wanted and they wouldn’t run out. John would love that, he liked his long, hot baths- Sherlock always made sure to bathe or shower at odd times so that John would have the full tank for evening bath. Sherlock smiled slightly to himself, thinking of the way John’s eyes would light up at the thought of endless hot water, how he'd look once he was done, wrapped up in a terry bathrobe, hair sticking up in damp tufts, fingertips deeply pruned from his long soak.
“We’re going to use the mattress restraints tonight. Get in position.” John instructed Sherlock.
As if on cue, the door to his office creaked open, and a familiar face peered found the corner before breaking into a wide grin.
“Mycroft was adopted.” Sherlock said.
*****
“No, John.” He said earnestly. “That’s not it at all. You’re right, I have been...distracted. But it isn’t because you’re not enough, not at all. How could you think that? John, you’re- everything. You’re all I need.” He hesitated, glancing away, his hands falling to John’s lap. “Though, what you said- you’re not entirely wrong. I hadn’t thought about it that way until you said it but now that I have… I’ll admit that it’s entirely possible that were I to find myself in such a situation, there might be a part of me that could- derive some sort of pleasure from the experience.” He looked back up at John, earnest, pleading. “But it’s not that I want that, I don’t want to be- I’m yours. Completely.” He touched his fingers to his own chest, fingers unerringly tracing the inked letters there though his eyes never strayed from John’s face. “I don’t want anyone else, or any experience that isn’t given to me by you. There isn’t anyone who can do what you do for me. Because I love you. And- and you love me.”
Sherlock shook his head. “It’s...too complicated. It was months ago, and after insisting that I don’t remember, it will seem so suspicious to suddenly say that it was her, and considering the timing, and the fact that if you move back in with me now it would seem like an ulterior motive...it isn’t feasible. Besides, I strongly suspect she might just kill me again and then leave the country. It’s not like Mycroft is around to help stop her.”
A couple hours later, after a few more presents and several more cups of hot chocolate, John and Sherlock were on their way back to London. When the house was out of sight Sherlock leaned back in his seat, breathing a sigh of relief. “Thank God that’s over. I do love my parents, but living with them is simply unbearable.”
Sherlock suspected the dry friction was starting to burn, and in the absence of any lubrication, he spat into his hand and tried again. It seemed somewhat disgusting, but judging from John’s low groan, he didn’t seem to mind.
you are.”
Sherlock looked suddenly nervous, almost guilty. “It’s nothing.”
Sherlock lifted the violin to his shoulder and, with a small, secret smile at John, began to play. John, recognising the melody, laughed, eyes lighting up, and Sherlock smiled wider, feeling himself warmed by the fondness in John’s gaze. The James Bond theme song wasn’t exactly a technically challenging piece, but still, John managed to look at him like he was playing Locatelli’s ‘Labyrinth’.
Filler-ish chapter today. I needed to move the story along, chronologically speaking. I've spent eleven chapters on the last two days.
“There’s an Ethiopian restaurant near to here that’s supposed to be good.” John said, glancing down at Sherlock. “Want to have dinner there?”
He stepped back, then turned, exiting quickly. Sherlock stumbled forwards, disoriented by the sudden loss of John’s warmth.
John pushed a few more times to find out more, but Sherlock wasn’t giving anything away. Reluctantly, John let it go for the moment, and allowed Sherlock to change the subject.
John hung Sherlock’s coat back up. “Come on, let’s go have a shower. The museum’s not expecting us until noon, anyway.”
Sherlock sends his apologies.
Sherlock’s flushed cheeks somehow became even redder. He nodded silently.
“Starting without me?” John murmured. “I’d hate to miss this, you know.” Sherlock felt an anxiety he hadn’t even known was rising begin to subside. Lovely John, beginning by casually reassuring Sherlock that he wasn’t rejecting him before he began the inevitable concerned questioning. Sherlock doubted anyone less details-oriented than he was would have noticed that. Probably John didn’t even consciously realise it. Sherlock carefully filed away the snippet of memory in his extensive library of the many ways John Watson was utterly perfect.
Bit of an interlude today, tying up loose threads and providing a little background. Sorry it's late, my internet was being funky all of last night, it only just started working again.
“Would you prefer me to be naked for this performance?” He asked John.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s not quite five years yet.” Sherlock explained quickly. “But it’s only a month more, and it seemed presumptuous to get you an anniversary gift. Especially as you were still married, at the time when I thought of it. In any case-”
Mycroft opens the envelope.
John shook his head slowly. “Not simple at all. Amazing, as always.”
“I see.” She said, not in the least bit surprised. “Well, at least you have good timing. Charles Magnussen was found dead this morning.”
Sherlock’s orgasm hit him like a freight train, his legs shaking as he moaned, stroking himself through the aftershock until he was whimpering with oversensitivity. He collapsed onto the bed, rolling away from the wet spots in his sheets.
“What about a tattoo? A simple one. Just your name. Here.” He touched his fingers again to his chest.
The man quickly got up and left, and John turned his attention fully on Sherlock. He fisted the hair at the back of Sherlock’s head, forcing him to tip his head back to look John in the eye.
John blinked in shock. Of all the things he might have imagined, this was not one of them. There were so many confusing things, he wasn’t sure where to start. Except, of course, for the most obvious and important part.
John and Sherlock have a talk with Mary.
Of course, John picked up on that easily. He squeezed Sherlock’s hand reassuringly. “What’s got you thinking so hard?”
John released Sherlock’s hand and rolled onto his back, stretching with a jaw-cracking yawn, back to his fuzzy, sleepy morning self now that he’d satisfied himself as to Sherlock’s well-being. “Mmhmm. ‘M all yours.”
Sherlock settled back onto the sofa as John made his way upstairs, feet finding his way in the dark as easily as if he’d never left.
Sherlock hopped up and hunted around for his vibrator before stripping off perfunctorily and lying down on the bed.
So Sherlock acquired the equipment, and John practiced for weeks, until he was completely familiar with the machine and the process, and he was certain that he could get the tattoo on Sherlock without messing up horribly somewhere.
“I don’t think I do.” John’s voice cut through his thoughts. “I- Yeah, I married her. But I didn’t -don’t- love her like I should. I-” He paused, taking a deep breath. “I fell in love with someone else long before we even met.”
Sherlock shook his head. “No, I want to wear it.” He didn’t mind a little discomfort. It could even serve as a nice reminder.
John raised an eyebrow. “Didn’t I say tonight, you impatient brat?”
John abruptly stopped moving, grinning wickedly down at Sherlock. “Well, you’re going to have to wait for that.”
Well, if that was what Sherlock wanted, John could most certainly oblige. He put on his best glower, staring intently at the pair of them. Just before Sherlock turned away, he caught a flash of a little half smile. John returned it, laughing a little to himself.
There was little he could deduce from the dress. It had been worn before, by someone too short for it- there was a tear in the back from having caught in the heel of the wearer. That made three people who had worn this dress, including himself and whoever it had been made for. From the condition of the dress, Sherlock imagined that this must all have been in the last five to ten years. It was hard to accurately tell; its nearly pristine condition (aside from the tear) indicated it had been rarely used.
Sherlock's in hell. Magnussen thinks this is funny.
“Well.” John patted Sherlock’s knee. “Not completely on your own.”
“I didn’t mean to be. I got lost.” John explained.
John smiled, shaking his head. “That would be quite nice, actually. Maybe we will be. What’s Christmas in Japan like, anyway?”
Sherlock’s babbled attempt at a save did nothing to wipe away the knowing look that crossed John’s face. “All right, love. You stay in and relax. Call if you need anything.” John kissed Sherlock’s cheek and continued packing his day bag, leaving with a cheery ‘See you tonight, Sherlock!’
Sherlock watched John’s face with bewilderment as it expressed something almost akin to relief before morphing into confusion.
John huffed. “Well, I’ll do my best. I don’t know what good it will do, though. I have been trying, but he won’t tell me anything.”
Sherlock finally relaxes, and John get his post-engagement snog. Indeed, he gets a lot more than that. It’s hours later before their exhaustion finally gets the better of them, and John collapses back against the mattress, Sherlock a sweaty, limp weight atop his chest. John runs a hand through Sherlock’s curls, trying to rouse him a little before he’s claimed by the usual post-coital nap.
“I’m making you uncomfortable.” Sherlock deduced.
“Wait.” Sherlock said quickly. “Don’t hang up.” He didn’t want to be left alone in this hotel room, not even knowing John would be there with him in person  in half an hour. “Talk to me?”
“I don’t find you frightening.” John pointed out.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock hummed vaguely. “As well as can be expected.”
“I’m not frightened of you,” John said, “because I know you. I trust you. Whatever it is you can do, you don’t. That’s what matters.”
Sherlock’s voice turned hesitant, uncertain, and it made John ache. “I do.” He said firmly, leaning down to give Sherlock a salty kiss. He tugged Sherlock into his lap, threading one hand through Sherlock’s hair and wrapping the other around him. “I love you. And I’m sorry I doubted you.”
Sherlock wrapped a hand around his cock, jerking it with quick, desperate strokes. He muffled his cries against John’s collar bone, John’s thick cock milking his orgasm out of him in sharp, intense bursts that spilled between them. John flipped them over and thrusted a few more times into Sherlock before coming with a groan as Sherlock clenched and spasmed around him.
Sherlock called for a bottle of wine, and after a couple of glasses, feeling more relaxed, he determinedly grabbed his phone and the vibrator and laid back down on the bed. Obviously, if he was to get himself all the way to an orgasm, he was going to need a distraction. Luckily, he had the perfect distraction just a phone call away.
Sherlock shrugged, easily reading John’s thoughts off his expressive face. “I got it a while back. Wasn’t too hard to just bring it along.” He dashed up the stairs, taking them two at a time, and came back with a small box.
So Sherlock sucked at his lover’s cock in earnest, using everything he’d learned over the last year and a half about what John liked, drawing it out just long enough to be pleasurable but not frustrating. As he felt John about to come, he looked up, locking his gaze with John, his eyes plainly displaying the complete, all consuming love and devotion he held for him. John smiled, his expression returning those feelings, and then John’s face contorted with pleasure and his hips bucked up, his head tipping back as he came hard into Sherlock’s waiting mouth.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Fuck, Sherlock, you’re-” John groaned, palming himself through his pants.
John shrugged. “But you have her eyes.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Happy Anniversary.” John murmured to Sherlock.
Sherlock blinked out of his doze, frowning slightly at John. “No I don’t.”
Then John shot a man for Sherlock, and suddenly the list became entirely irrelevant. John was, clearly, extremely useful. Sherlock saved the file anyway, after updating it to change ‘Ex-military’ from ‘Irrelevant’ to ‘Pro’.
, a tiny voice in the back of his brain whispered to him. Those words -welcome from anyone else- soured and curdled in Magnussen’s mouth. It was another trap, another trick, something else that was ruined for Sherlock forever.
“Pretty sure I do, actually.” John reached up, carding his fingers through Sherlock’s hair and gently guiding Sherlock’s face towards him. “What’s this about, love?”
“Gorgeous.” John murmured. He ran his hand up Sherlock’s quivering abdomen, tweaking his nipples and playing with them until they hardened. Sherlock’s mouth fell open as he panted, a pink flush spreading across his chest. “My Sherlock. So beautiful.” He leaned down, pressing his lips to Sherlock’s sternum, right over where his own name was inscribed.
Sherlock flopped over against John’s side and sighed. “Unfortunately.” He said again, though his tone was less serious. He scowled at his father, who was smiling indulgently at the pair of them. ‘Don’t you start.”
“Who was that?” John asked as Sherlock hung up.
The church was beautiful for Mycroft’s funeral, the reception well supplied. Sherlock delivered his eulogy with a grave solemnity that adequately covered his nervousness. Afterwards, he suffered through five whole minutes of strangers coming to shake his hand before he slunk off to a private corner of the house. John followed, and Sherlock pulled him into a hug, sucking in a deep breath as though he could absorb energy from the proximity of John’s body.
“Say that again?” Sherlock asked quietly. John hadn’t said it outright like that since the first time. Sherlock hadn’t at all, though he knew that John knew.
“Looks fresh, guys.”
John surged up and rolled them over so that he now loomed over Sherlock, looking intently down at him as he worked his hips rhythmically, his rapidly hardening cock sliding against Sherlock’s heated skin.
“What the fuck were you thinking? You’re the Consulting Bloody Detective, surely you noticed she was in no state to deal with your-”
“Doctor Watson, please.” Sherlock gasped. His heels were digging into John’s shoulder, hips twisting as he sought for release.
John smiled, eyes as soft as butter left out on a warm day. “How long have you been planning this?”
Sherlock didn’t reply. He stared out the window as the car began to move, heading west. “We’re going to Appledore.” He murmured as they turned onto the A40.
“Gun.” He said sharply.
“Please, John. May I suck your cock?” Sherlock murmured as John let his fingers fall from Sherlock’s mouth.
John was supposed to stay with Harry, but of course, while climbing trees is fun, sitting in them and doing nothing is rather less fun. While Harry was preoccupied with her notebook, John snuck off to have an adventure on his own.
Sherlock’s head shot up, brows furrowed in confusion. “Scared? Of what?”
“What are you doing?” John asked.
Once John actually managed to get down to work, the actual tattooing process took only a few minutes. Once done, John powered off the machine and wiped away the small smear of blood, the dark ink now standing out starkly against Sherlock’s pale skin. ‘John H. Watson’, Sherlock’s chest proudly proclaimed.
Sherlock heard a door slam on John’s end of the phone. “Of course, yes.” John said. “All the time.” After a moment’s hesitation, he added, “Is that all right?”
Sherlock’s blood ran cold. Out of all the things he might have considered- that was not one of them. The idea of having that inside him, reversing everything that he had worked for for years- he couldn’t imagine anything worse. He’d fought so hard to be Sherlock Holmes. Magnussen would undo all of that.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sleepy little filler chapter. Mary next chapter, probably.
“Good evening, Mr. Holmes.”
Mycroft took the brown paper envelope from his assistant, noting the discreet ‘CAM’ printed on the bottom right corner. He hesitated, glancing at John, then began to open it. He’d enlisted the man’s help, after all. Might as well keep him involved. Mycroft needed all the allies he could get, and John Watson quite possibly the only person, at this point, whom Mycroft knew he could trust implicitly.
“Mycroft’s always been there. Being my older brother, and all that. I’ve never known life without him hanging around in the background of it. You think he was overprotective- you never saw him when I was a child. He was even worse. Always trying to save me from myself. I didn’t much appreciate it, but even so. He was the older one, the smarter one.” Sherlock grimaced. “He knew everything. So it’s- it’s weird. I always thought I’d die first. Even though he’s older. I was the one who made stupid and reckless decisions. He was the one who always knew what to do. And the one time he went and made a stupid and reckless decision, it killed him.”
John’s brow creased in confusion. “Why don’t we just make an extra dinner for them? That’ll be nicer than eating leftovers.”
John put his hand on Sherlock’s elbow, tugging him gently away from where he was glaring very intently at the ground.
Sherlock shook his head. “I’d rather get back to London.” He needed all this to be over, needed to be at home where he could sort out his thoughts without all these wide open spaces around him leaving him exposed and vulnerable.
John’s lips quirked, and he leaned forwards, pressing a kiss to the tip of Sherlock’s nose. “And we both know you always get what you want, don’t you, love?”
“It’s acceptable,” was all the praise Sherlock could bring himself to voice, but Mrs Hudson understood him all the same, patting his cheek before taking herself downstairs to let them rest.
This is...fairly intense. Trigger warnings everywhere.
John returned, as he had promised, less than an hour later. Sherlock, lost in his thoughts, startled to his feet when the door opened beside him. He -Sherlock- looked a bit of a mess. His hair was wild, and his still-unbuttoned shirt flapped open. John glanced at the spot on the floor next to the door where Sherlock had been sitting.
“Please, John.” Sherlock whined. John nodded, settling back into the headspace of the scene now that he knew that Sherlock was fine. He shifted the sound around inside Sherlock, eliciting desperate whines with every movement. Slowly, he drew it out, and set the sound down carefully.
The flogger was perfect for this. They’d discovered that different implements were good for different things. The riding crop was a warm up, the light sting just enough to get Sherlock excited. The whip was for more intense pain play. The flogger had a more spread out impact, landing on Sherlock’s skin with a heavy thud that was almost relaxing.
“I know you’re awake, John.” Sherlock said, his voice sounding unnaturally loud in the hushed, awkward silence.
Sherlock takes control of the situation.
Sherlock pulled the duvet over them, resting his cheek on John’s head. John was already slipping back into sleep, and Sherlock closed his eyes, perfectly happy to follow John’s lead.
Here it is! The long-awaited scene (or the beginning of it, anyway). Can you tell I don't generally write action? Haha hope it's not too disappointing.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sorry it's been so long. Christmas...you know how it is.
John cocked his head, a worried frown on his face. “About what?”
John stepped forward a little. “Can I kiss you?” He asked softly.
Mycroft shook his head miserably. He didn’t need to spell it out loud for John to hear. The signs were all there, from the slight sheen of dried come on Sherlock’s inner thighs to the utterly dead look in his eyes.
Sherlock barely reacted as this was happening, mind still reeling from the shock of having orgasmed from Magnussen’s ministrations. It was a sickening loss of control. After that, it hardly seemed to matter that Magnussen was fucking him open with his fingers, that his hard cock was pressed up against Sherlock’s thigh, that he was climbing on top of him, pushing into him, thrusting in and out rhythmically as lips descended on him again, endless touching and kissing and thrusting, moans sounding out above him. Sherlock lay pliantly as Magnussen fucked him, as he held him tight, a hard cock throbbing inside of him as Magnussen orgasmed.
Sherlock’s eyes widened beneath his blindfold, and he sucked in a deep breath, hands clenching and unclenching in their restraints. It took all the willpower he had not to wriggle and writhe at the strange and slightly painful sensation of being penetrated in such an unfamiliar place.
“This is quite a lot of travelling.” John said once they were done. “Could take months. Possibly more than a year, depending. Don’t you want to cut anything?”
John continued to pepper kisses along Sherlock’s neck and shoulders, holding on to him as he moaned and squirmed. It didn’t take Sherlock long to reach his peak, his legs falling open as he came with a shuddering, half-voiced gasp.
Sherlock closed his eyes, not wanting to listen to Magnussen’s taunts, the reminder of his own stupidity. His eyes shot open as Magnussen raised his voice, calling out his next words.
Sherlock nodded, and leaned into John’s warm touch as he caressed his face, wiping away the dampness.
, and we’ve been together half that time, almost, and you never once broached the subject, or even made it seem like it was something you considered. Clearly it’s not something you want.”
Sherlock and John head to their first destination.
“He knows that you were the one who shot me, though you were actually there to kill Magnussen. Possibly he’s also deduced that he had something on you, too, although I doubt he’s had time to think that far.” Sherlock had his hands in his pockets, looking far more relaxed now, though it was mostly a facade. Still, he seemed to have sensed that she had no immediate intentions of murdering either one of them.
Sherlock hummed. “Well, like I said, you were somewhat justified.”
Sherlock gave him a long-suffering look. “At some point, someone is going to stumble across all this.” He waved a hand at the grisly tableau before them. Leaving it as it is, they’ll figure out that Mycroft never fired his gun. They’ll want to know who killed Magnussen. That’s you, by the way. He’s a well known, wealthy businessman. This will be a high-profile case. They won’t stop until they’ve found you and locked you away for good. I, for one, would like to avoid that outcome. Hence this.” He brandished the gun he’d taken from Mycroft. Now it’s a much simpler case. Two men in a room, both dead, wearing bullet holes that match the gun the other is holding. An open and shut case. The police love those, they’ll never bother to think any further, as long as we both get out of here undetected. Which I’d like to do now, so if we could get going…”
Sherlock grimaced. “Rather not, thanks.” The thought of a stranger’s hands on his body, even in a professional way, made him shudder.
The slight hint of alarm on Sherlock’s eyes told John all he needed to know, even as Sherlock denied it. “Of course not, John. How on earth did you jump to that conclusion? Don’t try to deduce, it’s just not working out for you.”
“No.” He gasped. “Nonononono. Please, no.” Magnussen paid him no mind, and neither did his body. He clenched his hands into fists, squeezing his eyes shut, trying to force the sensation away. It should have been easy, like ignoring hunger, or pain- Mind over matter. He did it all the time. Yet the feeling refused to go away, only grew as Magnussen tongue-fucked him. He’d never had this done to him before, had no strategies to block it out. A shiver crept through his nerves, horror and arousal mingling, indistinguishable on a physiological level. The weak spark of arousal threading its way through his body was growing stronger, weaving around his veins, taking his body hostage as he squirmed, panting, disgusted with himself. A moan escaped his lips, and he gritted his teeth, breath coming hard as his arousal intensified suddenly, pleasure shuddering through his body even as his mind was in anguish, limbs jerking as he came hard.
Sherlock shook his head. “Not tonight, John.”
“I know.” Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut, blocking it out. He couldn’t think about that now. He needed to get John to safety. “I’m going to change.
After the ‘photoshoot’ Sherlock scoured the web, the newspapers, dreading the moment when the photographs of him would inevitably surface. That was the only reason he could think of for their existence- so that Magnussen could leak them, humiliating him publicly, outing him as a transgender man, forcing him to scramble to explain their existence without revealing his connection to Magnussen; just another mind game. A couple of days passed. Sherlock had seen everything that existed on the internet that even passingly mentioned his name. In all photographs of him, he was fully clothed. Sherlock felt no relief. He went back to the Google home search page, refreshing the results for his name. When that turned up nothing, he tried googling his birth name. Then he tried ‘Sherlock Holmes’ again. He was interrupted from this obsessive cycle on the third day, when he got a text.
Yet again, Sherlock's trying something new.
Sherlock trudged up the stairs, still half asleep, and immediately crashed onto the couch, which had been his makeshift bed for months. John folded the afghan on the back of the couch down over Sherlock’s body, carefully tucking him in. He glanced over at Sherlock’s closed bedroom door, finally making the connection between Magnussen and Sherlock’s new sleeping arrangements. John couldn’t help but think of how Sherlock’s bedroom had used to be a safe place- by unspoken agreement neither John nor Mrs Hudson ever went in there, except for danger nights. Inside was nothing like the chaos of the living room- it was dimly lit and sparsely decorated, the periodic table on one wall and some bee diagrams on the other. It was calm, quiet, private, and entirely his own. Magnussen had taken that private, safe place away from Sherlock, and John sizzled with impotent anger at the thought. Death had been to good for that man.
Sherlock opened his eyes, relaxing fractionally as he took in the sight of the young man standing awkwardly in the doorway, before tensing again as he noticed all the paraphernalia he was carrying, deducing immediately what was about to happen.
Short one today, sorry. Tomorrow, we return to John and Mycroft.
(See the end of the chapter for
John touched his fingers to Sherlock’s cheek. They came away wet. “You’re crying, love.”
don’t make any sense. Can’t you just be happy?” His voice was fond, though. He didn’t resent Sherlock’s need to work everything out, even when it was standing in the way of his post-engagement snog.
“Wasn’t it good for you too?” Sherlock questioned innocently, eyes wide.
The pros seeming to outweigh the cons, Sherlock closed the mental file with a note to delete later, and set about convincing the man to move in with him.
Sherlock whined in protest, trying to rut up against John. John clamped his legs tight, effectively pinning Sherlock to the mattress.
“Gonna fuck you, sweetheart.” John murmured. “How do you want it?”
“There it is! Thank you!” John grinned up at his companion.
“And look what’s happened since then.” John’s fingers traced back up Sherlock’s spine, but this time they followed the raised lines of the thick, ropey scars that covered his back. “I haven’t done a very good job. Couldn’t even stop my own wife from shooting you. Didn’t even notice when someone was hurting you for months.”
When the spider gag went in, there was always a brief moment of visceral panic that fluttered its way through Sherlock. Especially when he was deeply aroused, his baser responses closer to the surface, the sensations of his mouth forced open wide, his tongue clamped down tight, caused the (rarely used) self-protective portion of his hindbrain to send alarm bells ringing through his mind. Sherlock found great satisfaction in suppressing these instincts, breathing through it until the anxiety faded, ebbing away as he reminded himself that it was just John, John who would never truly hurt him, John who looked after him and loved him and gave him what he needed.
Sherlock smiled. “About there. Longer than we spent here together, which was only about a year and a half.”
*****
They could certainly have spent more than the five days that they did in the city, but John wanted to move on. It was nearing the New Year’s, and seeing as New York was only an hour’s train ride away, it seemed a waste not to get there in time to watch the ball drop.
“Sherlock, it’s okay. We can take a cab.” John squeezed Sherlock’s shoulder comfortingly. “You’re doing your best. It’s like you said, the police love open and shut cases. They won’t search all the way here. We’re okay. Come on.”
“There you are.” John’s hand lifted into the air, hovering. “May I?”
“While we’re waiting for something to happen, maybe you would like to know how we all came to be here together. I’m sure you think it’s all about Sherlock here. In truth it has almost nothing to do with him. We’re here because of you, Doctor Watson.”
John watched as Mycroft opened the envelope and drew out the contents halfway, his furrowed brow smoothening out in an expression of shock. He slid the sheaf of paper back in, setting it down on the table between them with shaking hands.
John looked grim. “Yeah, there’s something we need to tell you too.”
“Yes, but not because of what he
Mrs Holmes stepped back, swatting Sherlock on the arm. “John is wearing a jumper like a sensible man. Why aren’t you wearing your coat? And you’re skin and bones, even more so than when I last saw you. Hasn’t anyone been feeding you?” She hustled him into the house and John followed, smiling briefly at Mr Holmes as he passed him.
Sherlock kissed John with a smile. Though he didn’t quite know how to express it in words, he felt so lucky to have someone who loved him as much as John so obviously did. “I’ve got a present for you, when we get home.” He said.
John smiled down at him. He bent down, smoothing the curls away from Sherlock’s forehead to kiss him there. “Sure thing, love.” He began to get up, but a hand shot out to stop him, closing around his wrist.
Sherlock hesitated. “Yes. When I was in hospital.”
Cautiously, John reached out, taking Sherlock’s hand again. Sherlock exhaled slowly, lacing their fingers together. It felt, good, grounding, to have that simple touch, knowing there was no threat or expectation behind it.
“I thought you might want to wait until morning to put it on. You must be sensitive.” John pointed out.”
He was more of a boy than a man, really, just a boy with an ugly uniform and a forced smile. Under the smile, he looked like didn’t want to be awake any more than she did.
Magnussen stalked towards him, wearing a smile that would be considered comforting on anyone else. To Sherlock, it only looked menacing. “I hope you are healing well?” He asked. “I hope you do not mind if I take a look. To reassure myself, you understand.”
John nodded and shifted aside, making room for Sherlock. “You sure this is okay with you?” He asked as Sherlock settled beside him.
It was a heady feeling, this simple act; watching John’s face, and knowing he was the one bringing John this pleasure. Sherlock stroked his free hand through John’s hair, trailing his fingers over his bristly cheek.
“That’s alright. I already know what it is, anyway.” Sherlock pointed out.
At the same time that this was happening, the news of Magnussen’s death broke. As Sherlock had predicted, it was an open-and-shut case. Two men found dead, with bullet holes matching the guns that the other had fired. The precise motive was murky, but quite clearly, there had been some sort of stand-off, and they had killed each other. The news ate up the grisly mutual murder story, the flames fanned further by Magnussen’s notoriety. It wasn’t long before it was discovered that the other half of the crime scene, a minor government official, was in fact the older brother of the famous detective Sherlock Holmes.
John’s lips twitched into a smile. “There you are, love. How are you doing?”
John leaned down, pressing a kiss to Sherlock’s cock. He lapped at it, slowly, teasingly, savouring the sounds he drew out of Sherlock. It wasn’t long before Sherlock was fully hard and leaking precome, balls drawn full and tight. John leaned back, watching Sherlock, running his hands up and down Sherlock’s trembling thighs as he waited for Sherlock to calm down. Sherlock let out a shuddering breath, heart pounding against his ribcage as he struggled not to arch up into John’s strong, sure hands.
John sat back a little, rubbing a hand over his face as he steadied Sherlock’s cock with his other hand. “Christ, you scared me.” He muttered.
After a few moments, Sherlock turned over, kissing John. He took hold of John’s hard cock, stroking him with a by-now expert hand, until John came as well, moaning and spurting messily between them.
“The baby isn’t yours.” She said flatly.
Sherlock nodded stiffly. John reached up, cupping Sherlock’s cheek, drawing him down for a long, lingering kiss. Sherlock’s eyes fluttered closed, and he exhaled softly, his lips otherwise unresponsive against John’s. John pulled away, glancing up at Sherlock and sighed, pressing another kiss to the tip of his nose.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock leaned forward eagerly, fingers pulling John’s half-hard cock out of the fly of his pyjama pants. (He’d long ago disabused John of the notion that there was a ‘proper’ attire to Dom in. Sherlock would submit to John whether he was wearing a military uniform, sleepwear, a dress, or nothing.) Stroking it to full hardness, Sherlock closed his mouth around the head, licking and sucking at it. The taste of John burst across his tongue, and he moaned involuntarily. It was strong and unmistakeable like this, early in the morning before he’d had a chance to shower, and Sherlock loved it. His taste and his smell were consumed by John- that was nearly half of his senses (at least, the five that were traditionally identified) registering no input beyond what was given to him by the man he loved above all else. There was a scientific basis to it -to do with brain structure and the placement of the olfactory bulb that processes smells and the amygdala, the seat of the baser emotions- but Sherlock didn’t think of any of that, when he was with John. John was the one thing that effortlessly commanded the whole of Sherlock’s attention. Furthermore, where others would be uncomfortable with the level of Sherlock’s ardour, bordering on obsession, John accommodated and returned his feelings. John gave Sherlock everything he needed- he went on cases with him, made him breakfast and hand-fed it to him, came up with wonderful new ideas to bring Sherlock down into that wonderful submissive headspace.
The thought is surprisingly comforting.
He told me as much in the wood yesterday—“I’m not the man I was.” To that I say “Thank God!” and no one is the “man he was.” I need Sherlock to see the man he is.
Anyway, from what I’ve been able to observe and get out of him, these are the symptoms he is experiencing: a resting tremor in his right hand and arm. Stiffness in his shoulder and neck, also on the right side, usually. Intermittent facial masking (but again, I wonder how much of that is the Parkinsonism and how much of it is him hiding what he feels, as is his MO). He’s been noticeably slower sometimes, and seemingly unaware of it, and generally, he seems—tired. Or low? His handwriting is erratic and sometimes very, very small. His gait is less fluid, and a few times I’ve found him about the house absolutely immobile, as if he’s just come to a sudden stop. He never seems particularly upset by it, but it’s looked to me as if he could not move until spurred into action by my prompting.
Sherlock nods, stays silent. Lets the boy reach the conclusion.
Wasn’t that who he was? Should be? Is he lost?
Amberley resisted of course, but Sherlock had known he could count on John.
When he takes off his glove to reach for his friend’s dear, warm hand, he sees John’s surprise and hesitation, and knows it for what it is. He watches as John straightens himself, dutiful and military, and finally proffers his. Sherlock holds onto it moments longer than is strictly necessary, memorising the fleshy heat of it, and then, feeling his resolve start to crumble, he turns on his heel towards the plane.
But words are necessary tonight. John finds some:
Sherlock looks back at John and nods his assent. John smiles at his distraction.
“Absurd!” Amberley had said when Sherlock told him he had to go, “Who is this person? What can he possibly know of our affairs?”
“I—I have. But, I think I need to take another one.”
Need is simple. Doubt
Sherlock recalculates.
It was late afternoon before I finally returned from the old Oast farm and my meeting with Mr. Amberley. To be fair, though, I did spend a rather lazy morning at home first. Sherlock stayed in bed well past dawn for a change, and I could have sworn he was trying to keep me too busy to leave. Not that I’m complaining, mind you! Finally, though, he’d got up, and I left him at the kitchen table, bent over a taxonomy of British wildflowers, next to a tepid and untouched cup of tea. He barely acknowledged my departure. I thought he was back in his world of green and growing things, and I took no notice of it.
Sherlock stops resisting his impulses. He stands and closes the distance between them and pulls John to him. Pulls him close. John has hugged him, Sherlock remembers, and now Sherlock feels ashamed that he has never returned the gesture. He can do this. His hand comes up and holds John’s head against his shoulder, his fingers threading through John’s sandy hair. John allows it, but doesn’t respond in kind. He turns his face into Sherlock’s chest, struggling to control his emotion. Failing.
The first order of business, obviously, was checking Amberley’s alibi. Clever John, to remember the seat numbers on the panto tickets! Armed thus, Sherlock could easily check Amberley’s story—a solo evening at the panto? Risible! If his alibi was false (and it was bound to be, wasn’t it? Why would a contemporary artist and his youthful London scenester boytoy imagine that an evening of amatuer theatricals at the local panto would be anything but torture? Really, it was as if the man were flaunting his guilt!), this case was only a matter of finding out how Amberley had killed Brent and Ernest, and where he’d hidden the bodies.
He’d solved the case in less than a day, so why is he so wretched?
Mycroft had had more, but nothing helpful. Hadn’t had, or wouldn’t tell Sherlock enough, Sherlock isn’t sure. Mycroft confounds him. Mycroft told him about Mary’s work for the CIA, how she’d gone freelance. He’d known about some of her kills—known she was a player. Bloody Mycroft. He gave Sherlock nothing that could relax his fears. Nothing they didn’t already know.
“Mycroft?”
“Sh, Sherlock. I know it is. I know. It’s ok. I’m ok.”
A few minutes later, John arrives and disappears into the ensuite to clean his teeth before coming out to undress and toss his clothes over Sherlock’s. Sherlock watches his partner’s body move in the dim light of their bedroom. John’s older now, but he’s no less compelling. Sherlock wonders: if he wakes up every morning next to John, and if he goes to bed every night with John, if he can look forward, every day, to the moment when John comes to bed, and his warm skin slides up against Sherlock’s, what could possibly happen in any given day that he couldn’t bear? He thinks, a bit mournfully, of Mr. Amberley, and of the word “haven”. He feels grateful.
I don’t know. I tried to ask him, but he just looked affronted and retreated to the potting shed. I guess I’ll let him come to me.
So, I’d been sent on a fool’s errand with a murderer, in a sabotaged car. Oh, Sherlock. I was grateful, though, to have him back to his old self a bit, and I was still willing to play along. And anyway, God (and Sherlock!) knows I’ve always craved a bit of excitement.
“Oh, come now, Sherlock. Everyone in this town knows I belong to you. And, it’s nothing I can’t still do. Right this moment, if you like...” I added. “It’s not too late...”
Experiments! Right up his alley.
The garden looks beautiful in autumn. I think it’s my favourite season. All the plants are fading and the apples are ripe and red. It’s misty and chilly in the mornings now, and the sun’s coming up later. Sherlock is always up with it.
“Anything else?” Sherlock asked, ignoring my sentimentality. He was distant now, in a familiar and entirely gratifying way—in his own mind, his wheels spinning.
“Of course,” he breathed in reply, “but not right this moment, John, surely,” he said, wrapping his fingers around me through my trousers and squeezing. “Surely you can think of a better way to spend the evening?”
“I don’t know.”
Sherlock stared at him. The more he stared at him, the more his expression changed, from shock to fascination.
Sherlock took a step forward and John lifted the gun to point at his forehead.
Fifteen minutes later John was in very tight black jeans and an even tighter blue shirt. Oh, and let’s not forget a fucking black collar around his neck. Sherlock mussed his hair, so he looked even more like a whore. Great.
Suddenly, Sherlock was no longer occupying the space before his face. He sunk down to his knees, looking very much as if he was going to start praying. John could hardly look at him there.
“Mmm,” John wasn’t trusting himself with words.
But he was angrier with himself. How could he realize, just now, so late, that he should have promised Sherlock anything? How could he know now, without doubt, that he would have been with him forever? Why did he have to realize it?
Sherlock looked at him at last. His face was half smug, half irritated, it was hard to say exactly.
The morning made everything seem blurry and dreamlike, but he knew it was real. He kissed Sherlock on his own, unprompted. Even now, Sherlock was not doing much, he kissed timidly back, letting John just caress his lips softly.
“Why does a mouse go into a trap, John? I told you once before that the one who dominates is not necessarily the one who holds more power. Find the right contrast between supplication and disobedience and work from there. Use your imagination.”
https://www.bluebananas.co.uk/products/2017-brand-beanies-knit-mens-winter-hat-caps-skullies-bonnet-winter-hats-for-men-women-beanie-fur-warm-baggy-wool-knitted-hat
It was true. London rarely got this freezing. Even though the snow looked marvellous John was definitely not prepared for it. He wanted to stay in the flat the whole day, but, of course, someone had to be found mutilated in the waste bin. Sherlock wouldn’t even be interested in it if the victim wasn’t left with a mysterious note.
A moment later there was movement, cautious, slow. He could feel the frigidity of Sherlock’s hand through the material of his pajamas on his stomach, but the rest of him against his back provided warmth. He covered the hand with his own and Sherlock raised it a bit, and put the cold ring back to its place on John’s finger.
“Yes. He is the man that saw the murderer here on Friday. He is unaware of it, and we could question him normally but I predict he won’t be very cooperative. That’s why you will have to do it covertly.”
“Of course I like him. Would I be worried so much if I didn’t?”
The blessing of a complicated murder case helped distract Sherlock from what John was doing. Of course, John could have bought everything he asked of Sherlock by himself, but it was more fun to make Sherlock do it, unaware of its destiny. He made Sherlock buy him things over time, in a manner that was unconnected, often really just taken in by an impulse. The chair surprised Sherlock, though there wasn’t really anything that suspicious about getting a big, comfortable chair, and he made no comment about it, willing to get everything John wanted. The suit and jewelry weren’t really John’s usual style, but Sherlock was eager to comply when John asked for it. He didn’t even blink when John demanded him to procure the Penguin three-piece light grey suit, that John doesn’t plan to wear except for one occasion. John didn’t even really like jewelry but the simple-looking white gold diamond tennis bracelet from Brilliant Earth caught his eye, even though it was madness to spend this much money on a bauble. Everything, from the Gucci belt to perfume, Sherlock got it all. John even made him buy the wine, in an offhand way. In the end, John bought only one thing in secret.
He felt the bed dip under Sherlock’s weight. He expected something drastic to happen but Sherlock just started kissing him. He kept his body away from John’s, only connecting their lips, though he certainly didn’t kiss innocently. John was annoyed by the bonds on his wrists, he itched to bring Sherlock’s body closer.
“What?”
“A violin concert?”
Sherlock snickered against his chest, returning to kissing his skin.
Sherlock doesn’t show his surprise when John calls him, even though John is wearing his bathrobe and nothing else. He can guess right away what the purpose of this call is.
But when he was almost out the door, John remembered something.
The one song he would always remember was played right before the break. He couldn’t rightly describe what it felt like, but he sensed it was the truest sounding melody he ever heard. The musicians were turned to each other, and John could see they weren’t playing it for the audience. They were playing it to each other, and he was suddenly overtaken by the intimacy it carried. It was as if they hid no feeling from the other: their devotion, their hope, their lust, but there were such things as anger, as shame, as jealousy. And the ending part suddenly turned to sounds so full of deep sadness his heart clenched with it. It sounded as if the violins were imploring death itself to never part them, to disobey the rules of time and nature just so these two could live together forever. They seemed to beg that if death befell them it could be in the same moment so that neither had to live in a world without the other.
Sherlock’s face changed so quickly from shock to furious embarrassment and mortification John was not even sure he managed to read all of that correctly before Sherlock angrily left the kitchen.
He tried not to overthink this. Despite what he felt, people were probably not staring at them. They must appear completely normal, but John still felt like he was being shown off by Sherlock.
“That one’s fine,” he said looking down.
John shivered. Sherlock was still speaking into his ear and it seemed as if he was making his voice even lower.
“Tomorrow, you will go to the pool. That’s where I’ll approach you.”
John was probably one of the stupidest man alive.
“I think he definitely noticed you now. Let’s stand up.”
“Anything for my baby,” Sherlock answered in the same playful tone.
John laughed.
John didn’t quite lose consciousness, but his legs weren’t able to keep him up and he fell back against Sherlock. The detective slid them down to the floor slowly, making John sit on his lap and holding him still while he was recovering.
When John talked with Irene the last time, after he fought with Sherlock about the house in Sussex, she seemed quite amused by his vexation.
“Sherlock,” his voice was desperate, “Please.”
A silence followed after, but now it was too late. The dam broke, even though John wanted desperately to stay quiet.
“I figured you would want to take a shower.”
“When?”
“Why are you telling me this?” Lestrade asked before downing another pint.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, no! I want to go.”
John realized then what Adler said about training her subs. He allowed this, Sherlock couldn’t really force him to do anything. He could have backed down, he could still back down, escape before his hardening cock became visible, before he lost all chance of lying his way out of this unhealthy attraction to Sherlock.
And that thing when the protagonists kiss at the end of the movie and suddenly everything is clear and great and resolved? That was fake. In fact, nothing was now resolved. Sherlock made absolutely nothing clear, as he was now focusing on another case, saying their previous one had to be postponed until the murderer decided to come to them. John was grateful they had a case, as it occupied both of their minds, but it was also hard for him to fall back into their routine, which was always irregular anyway. He didn’t know where they were standing. On the outside, everything seemed to be as it was before, Sherlock didn’t try to kiss him or to give him presents, possibly because he was in his case mode. Not that John wanted him to. He had enough presents already, what with the whole of the clothes he received in Italy shipped to him. He had no more place in the closet.
“Going a little overboard, aren’t you?” he complained when Sherlock freed his lips.
“I’m definitely feeling some kind of way. Or is it just your idea of a date?”
“John, finish the call,” he commanded and John stuck out his tongue at him.
“Wear what?”
“Can I leave my underwear on?”
When he finished coming down from his high and started breathing semi-normally, he looked at Sherlock. The detective was clearly on the very edge and John asked him, really just to be nice;
He felt movement on the bed and was for a moment bereft of contact, anxiously waiting for something, but soon enough Sherlock sat behind him and moved his body to rest against him, untying his wrist from behind his back, only to tie them again in front of John.
John lost all hope on that when Sherlock emerged with white trousers and an ocean blue shirt on his arm and gave John what looked like perfectly normal Calvin Klein light boxers. John quickly put it on under his bathrobe, and removed the white cloth with minimal hesitation. It was probably the weird stress that made him move so mechanically, he did act best when in danger. He wasn’t sure if this was dangerous. It was definitely new. He felt the anticipation running in his veins, while Sherlock slowly approached him with the shirt.
“Hm?” Sherlock was mouthing at his jaw, “there’s no point, as I told you. I just want to know.”
“Dare.”
“How are you-“
“Of course. Your dog named Gladstone.”
John moved to recapture those ridiculously good looking lips. It was a close mouthed kiss, but it felt more intimate than before. He leaned in Sherlock’s direction, feeling Sherlock stabilizing them by hands on the back of John’s head. John himself was holding onto the other’s shirt, and he felt that this contact was his lifeline. There was a rhythm that was neither fast not slow. Their kisses were little connected windows of time, repeated crescendos that stopped to begin again form a slightly different angle. The only places John believed to be real were the places their bodies met; only the lips, the hands, the back of his head. The rest of him was unimportant. Their noses sometimes, when they bumped into each other, and kissed in a position that wasn’t horizontal enough. Sherlock didn’t rush anything, neither did John. It was almost like communication, the way their lips moved against each other. The messages they sent were making John light-headed.
It was the best orgasm of his life.
“You made fun of me.”
He was mortified to say this word, and Sherlock’s reaction made him even more so. Sherlock’s body became rigid against his. John was forced back by his hands.
“I told you not to use my name.” Sherlock whispered, leaning next to his ear.
“I was never like this before. I didn’t want to have a man take me, not consciously. But when I think of having you inside it makes me crazy with want. Tell me, Sherlock, why do I want to be fucked by you so much?”
He thought about Sherlock incredulously. Wasn’t last night supposed to be a punishment?
He blurted out something he knew he would regret.
“John, be silent or I will gag you,” Sherlock’s voice was heavy.
Another thing John occupied himself with was decoding the leather notebook Sherlock gifted him before his death. He did it half-heartedly at first, unable to figure out the symbols and too busy with building the house, but on his frequent trips to Eastbourne at the beginning of spring, he started visiting the library and reading up on codes and methods and other things Sherlock could have based this on, and finally, he realized the code was based on music and he scoffed when he read the first page:
“Fine, I’ll play along.”
The notebook did provide John with a lot of feelings, good and bad, but reading Sherlock’s words, hearing Sherlock’s voice in his mind, made John feel as if a part of Sherlock was alive, imprisoned between the pages, living inside John. He decoded the words enthusiastically, finding out about all the ways Sherlock imagined to kill his classmates, how lonely he felt sometimes, his strange philosophical thoughts. He could observe how Sherlock’s deducing talent unfolded with age, how his interest in chemistry grew. He could read about many worrying and strange experiments. But mostly, he could just feel Sherlock, and he wondered how anyone, ever, could have thought Sherlock was similar to a machine when there were so many emotions in him. Sherlock did not get infected with John’s humanity, as some people thought, he just showed it more with John. It made John smile and it made John work even harder to stop thinking about the life they could have had together.
“Truth.”
“Just so you know, I’m not counting it as a gift. Destroying the previous one was your fault.” John said petulantly. The laptop was way more expensive than the old one.
“Good?”
He didn’t have much of Sherlock to touch so he kept his hands in his hair. He tightened his grip when Sherlock skimmed over his balls and opened his eyes wide when he felt Sherlock’s tongue against his perineum.
“About that, you still didn’t tell me exactly what I’m supposed to do.” John answered while trying to reach for the glass without falling off Sherlock’s lap. Both of Sherlock’s hands around his waist supported him.
“Did you miss me, John?”
John is already turned on, in a hazy sensual way one gets when they drink too much and end up waking up with a complete stranger on the next day. Sherlock should be glad that the only thing John plans to cheat on him with is this toy.
It’s mostly just a big fuck you to Sherlock, a proof that he hadn’t thought everything through by sending John a vibrator. John is almost sure that Sherlock didn’t think John would have the guts to use it on himself, that he would just let Sherlock be the first to show him how it’s done. But Sherlock is wrong because John is indeed petty enough to take this away from him.
John met the man before when they were planning the renovation of the building two weeks ago, but the three builders he took with him were new, and John did his best to seem amicable. He knew they thought he was weird for wanting to take part in the construction process and more so for camping out here when he clearly had enough money to find another place to stay. Either way, John was determined to work with them and he stood up at six every morning before their arrival and did whatever they told him to do, bugged them into explaining to him how certain things were done. Pretty soon they started treating him, not like one of their own, but close enough. With every passing day, his body started losing the softness he gained in the city, his muscles toughening with all the heavy lifting. He worked with feverish zeal, and when his body gave out under him, he sat down and observed the green around him and it filled him with new energy. The builders were confused by his persistence in staying in the tent even with heavy rainfall, and even more by his haste to finish before winter. When they went home for the day, John continued simple tasks in the light of a lamp powered by a small diesel generator. He continued until he ran out of strength and ate his dinner, heating it on a portable gas stove, falling asleep in seconds, wrapped securely in his sleeping bag.
They were all right about him. John really had a thing for danger.
Sherlock seemed to grasp this conversation was over. He tipped John’s head back to rinse his hair.
The more he played along, the more probable that Sherlock will have mercy on him.
“Not just any violin concert, John! Elizabeth Yu and Yu Quing Pei are to my knowledge the most creative, the most technically distinguished violinists alive. The tickets to London’s concert were long gone before I even got to know about it, but my father’s friend was hospitalized, so he cannot use them! Therefore, I wanted to ask if you’re free this Saturday?”
“Are you waiting for a fucking invitation?” John asked him when there was no reaction.
“Are you sore there?” he said against his skin.
“He will. We just have to draw his attention.”
“No, it’s-” Suddenly he stopped and seemed to realize something “Yes, please.”
This certainly wasn’t normal.
John was focused on kissing him but he moved other parts of his body as well, almost completely on instinct. His hands roamed Sherlock’s chest and his hips changed position on the detective’s lap. He himself was a little surprised when their cocks touched through Sherlock’s pants and John’s boxers. Sherlock exhaled a heavy breath into his mouth, his chest rising and falling heavily against John’s hands. John moved his lips to Sherlock’s neck, shifting his hips subtly. The need to rut against Sherlock was overwhelming, but he focused on leaving little bites on Sherlock’s collarbone instead.
“Your pupils are blown so wide, John,” he continued in the same tone he read in, “do you want to forget the game and move to the bedroom?”
“No. Get out.”
John threw off Sherlock’s hand from his cheek.
“I could provide for you.”
Now, it was unlike Sherlock to ever apologize for anything. Maybe it was a trap. Still, it was a very nice jumper, woollen, with dark horizontal stripes, and between the stripes the colour changing from dark grey to white, with a yellow stripe at the bottom.
Mycroft was apparently waiting for him to finish reading. He gave John his cup, maybe hoping sipping tea would soothe him. John threw the mug on the floor, shattering it into small pieces.
This was crazy. Sherlock was fucking mad. John was mad for being so turned on by this.
I'm so sorry ... I warned you?
He raised his hand and wetted his lips. Sherlock observed the movement of his tongue with undivided attention. John licked along his finger and moved it down his chin and neck, down his chest and stopped to play with his nipple and smiled when he saw Sherlock’s eyes widen.
John sighed.
“And if I don’t?” John couldn’t stop his tone from being challenging, more playful than rebellious.
“Did you ever come with anyone?”
He received a light kiss on the bitten ear.
“Truth.”
“No. This was about you, John. Now, you will rest.”
John had never seduced a guy before but it doesn’t mean he couldn’t do it. There was a clear line between a friendly chat and flirting and John had crossed that line, used eye-contact and body language to communicate his interest. Tom seemed amused by John’s flirting, repaying it cautiously. There was always one thing that was more exciting than sex, and that was the suggestion of it, coupled with the uncertainty of receiving it. John hadn’t looked in Sherlock’s direction once but he was sure Sherlock would be able to read the situation in seconds.
Not that Sherlock was holding himself back. John had a whole new set of clothes for the week they were supposed to be here. It was really unnecessary, as he had enough clothes from Italy to last him a much longer period. When he informed Sherlock of that, the other just replied he wanted to see John in these clothes, so John automatically lost his argument and just allowed him to do whatever he wanted. Sherlock had good taste, and he usually kept it to John’s liking as well, so the clothes weren’t really an issue. John didn’t even recognize half the brands, but he could guess by the quality of the fabric of his white or dark shorts, his thin colorful shirts and tasteful boxers they were upscale. Besides that, he also had a number of summer accessories like Saint Laurent sunglasses and hats, Armani colognes, even things like a Sony camera and Balenciaga backpack, that were sure to be over-priced. He supposed he looked quite nice in them, judging by Sherlock’s approving gazes.
: Than ask him what he wants. If you’re brave enough.
“That what you wanted?” he asked and Sherlock was drawn out of his trance.
He coats the vibrator in lube. This is bigger than his fingers, longer and it makes him slightly anxious so he occupies himself with talking to Sherlock.
“John?” Sherlock asked, noticing his changed state.
John was aware of the tears that were streaming down his face. His eyes were closed, so he didn’t see Sherlock’s hand moving to hold his own. He opened his eyes, but it was too dark to correctly guess Sherlock’s expression. He squeezed the offered hand and imagined other things Sherlock could do at this moment. He imagined him leaning down to kiss John’s tears, to follow them down to his lips, to make John feel their salty taste on his tongue. He could almost feel Sherlock comforting him with soft pecks, placating him with hands on his face, distracting him with deeper kisses.
“If you didn’t play your games,” John says, but he had to stop when he touches that spot inside himself again, “you could have had me already. My patience is running out, Sherlock.”
“Love?”
“Sherlock seems to trust me enough to save my life, why wouldn’t you?”
“Okay, Sherlock. You can move now. Breathe, you look like you’re going to suffocate.”
“You are right about one thing, John; Sherlock does want to control you. He is the type to dominate others.”
John gulped.
John stopped him before he reached his lips, but he didn’t quite expect for Sherlock to forcefully turn him around and push John’s front against the mirror, holding his hand behind his back in a way that was downright painful. That was not a playful attack and the adrenaline in John’s veins made him answer in kind, kicking Sherlock’s leg, making the detective fall down to his knees with a painful sound, freeing John.
“And isn’t that just a shame? Where would you be without me?”
: So he took me to Italy.
https://www.richart-chocolates.com/chocolates/french-macarons?from=french-macarons
Sherlock didn’t stop dragging him closer while they talked, so now John put his hands on his chest to put some distance between them.
“John,” Sherlock’s voice got softer as he approached him, “John, I’m alright. I have survived this job before I had someone watching my back all the time.”
A thoughtful silence fell over their table.
“So the illogicality of it bothers you?”
This feels completely different from his fingers. The head of it is bigger than the base, so when he pushes that part in, the stretch of his rim is easier than the one from three of his fingers together, the shape is better fitted. He read the instruction that came in the box, but even just from looking at it he could say it was different than the vibrators he had used on his girlfriends, designed especially for prostate stimulation. It is in fact very, very easy to find his prostate with it and he howls. It’s painful, more than pleasurable, at the moment.
Yes, hello, welcome to the second circle of Dante's hell.
This, this was just simply being mean. And John could be mean too. He stood up from the chair and caught Sherlock’s jacket.
“You’re dead.” He said, astonished.
“Well, if I was in his place.” Said Thomas, putting his hand on John’s leg. “I would never leave a beauty like you alone for fear someone would snatch you.”
That was probably what hurt Sherlock the most about this, because John didn’t choose a guy he could have had one night of fun with, but someone who he would have to get to know, who he would like to get to know. This was a guy that, if John had realized his preferences earlier, he might have dated. Of course, having Sherlock, he had no intention to, but there was that possibility John knew would tick Sherlock off.
Which was why he was talking, quite animatedly, with a young woman, while John drank with Lestrade. Greg was capable of getting John drunk fairly quickly.
“Friend? Oh, you mean the redhead. Yeah, I am kind of a regular here.”
John recognized the song right away. It was the number he cried on - ‘Anime connesse.’ It sounded different with just one violin, sadder, but Sherlock improvised here and there, added his own fragments.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Here’s to new experiences then,” John commented, posing the wine glass at Sherlock’s lips and licking off the drip that escaped onto his chin.
“No, it’s fine. It’s lovely here, but I have to return to work.”
“In the showers of the rugby club.” That wasn’t actually the only time, but Sherlock didn’t need to know that. Though John supposed he didn’t need to know any of that.
He made Sherlock’s fingers move along his breastbone, down his stomach, onto his clothed cock.
“I didn’t invite you.’
Sherlock’s smirk disappeared.
He barely slept, thoughts of the next day keeping him up. For how embarrassing it was, it was one thing to get excited by Sherlock in the privacy of the bathroom, but what if it happened in front of all the people outside? John suspected that was the point, but he was definitely not willing to allow it.
Outside, he was tossed unceremoniously against the grating that covered the bar’s windows. He tried to push away, but was quickly surrounded by Sherlock’s arms, placed near his head. He was so close, way too close to John’s face.
Now, he understood in what way Sherlock wanted to torment him.
He wondered, after, what would have happened if he had told Sherlock he loved him. He wanted to, every day, and especially at the end when Sherlock’s soul seemed tortured with shadowy terrors. By that time it wasn’t even his pride holding him back from saying it, it wasn’t his stubbornness, it was just hard to do it with all the chaos around them. After all, Sherlock must have known John felt it, there was no way he didn’t see it. John liked to think that way because the idea his refusal to admit it might have been one of the things that pushed Sherlock was too much to bear.
At the very beginning, Sherlock, while physically close to him, refrained from having sex with John, hesitant in his approach. John knew he was apologetic for the way he played him before and he was waiting for the moment John would allow him intimacy again. It didn’t take long, John had yearned for his touch far too much to play additional games. The moment he touched Sherlock and opened himself for him, Sherlock became unhinged, letting John feel how much he wanted John all this time, how much he missed him. This time, Sherlock just gave and gave and asked for nothing in return.
John knew he should say no. The look in Sherlock eyes, his all knowing smirk, told him Sherlock didn’t expect him to say anything else. It was probably this that pushed him to do, probably the stupidest thing he could have done.
“Why not?”
It in no way justified the words that left John’s mouth, when he caught Sherlock’s wrist to stop him, without even a hint of hesitation.
Sherlock seemed taken aback.
“That hurt!"
“Embarrassed suddenly, John?” Sherlock’s hand went from his hair to grab John’s jaw, lifting it up slightly, “you weren’t embarrassed to do it before a camera, remember? You didn’t feel shame when you ran your hands all over yourself, made them go into yourself, fucked yourself with that piece of silicone. And you made me watch it all. Now I’m going to make you watch this, and maybe you will understand how torturous it is for me to deny you things that you so obviously need.”
“It is for the case, but not only.”
“What?”
“I was not-“
For a while now Sherlock’s gaze was becoming more and more intense. John wasn’t much surprised when he heard his next dare.
“What do you want me to do, John?” Sherlock asked, moving his thumb over John’s lip.
“Do you want to drink some wine?” Sherlock asked and John agreed.
He had to give another command to make Sherlock follow him into the bedroom. Sherlock gave little curious glances to his surroundings, but his attention stayed mostly on John.
“… and John, isn’t it absurd, those kinks? Tell me, why people are so keen on them?”
Sherlock interrupted him by snickering.
John smirked.
“No one is going to notice one hickey, Sherlock.”
John was shocked to see Sherlock’s earnest expression.
Sherlock surely noticed the chair moved into his room, but he was completely dedicated to John when he gave him a kiss, letting John back him into the chair and push him into it. The chair was the ideal size for John to sit astride Sherlock’s lap.
There was something very intimate in the way Sherlock’s hand felt on the small of his back and the other holding John’s in his. He had never danced with a man before like this, but the experience of being held in Sherlock’s arms shouldn’t be new. This felt different and it made John nervous when they just stood like that for a moment, Sherlock’s piercing eyes not leaving his.
Sherlock opened his eyes with amused irritation.
The suite had two bedrooms, each with its own bathroom and changing room. John took a shower to freshen himself after the journey. Even the temperature of the water was perfect.
“Close your eyes now, I’m going to wash your hair.”
Sherlock continued his attack, his hand reaching under the waistband of John’s pajama bottoms. John jumped up, backing up against the headboard.
“John,” his deep voice made John’s whole body shiver, “tell me about your first time.”
“I am definitely not wearing a collar. It’s not a club.”
“Oh, John, me and Sherlock will never work out. I have no interest in sabotaging anything, in fact, I’m hoping to move things forward.”
“John,” Sherlock said, taking away the hand on John’s back and suddenly spinning John around and making him lose his balance completely, colliding with Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock caught him and held him against his body tightly. John could only look up inquisitively at him. “It’s not the point for you to be perfect at it. The point is that I have you close to me.”
Sherlock had some lovely nipples, pink in color, and very nice to nibble on. Generally, all parts of him were attractive, and John enjoyed the freedom to touch most of it without being interrupted. Sherlock opened his mouth obediently when he returned to kissing it, and John used the moment to take off his vest, leaving the top part of his body in nothing but the collar and the bracelet.
John was done. They were going back to a strictly platonic relationship. No more gifts, no more touches. Sherlock could go find himself another idiotic victim for his twisted games.
“I’m not sure if I hate or love your punishments.”
“I know.” John failed to keep his voice from breaking.
“Pick up my book and read from it as seductively as possible.”
“You could have, but you didn’t. I know you haven’t touched it. There’s nothing to be afraid of, you know. It’s just some extra money.”
The water was getting cold, which did a wonderful job calming his body, Not for long, as it turned out.
“John,” the voice that called him was calm, stone-cold.
“I’m Thomas Chilton.” The man said extending his hand. He was quite handsome, and seemed pretty normal. Definitely not like the kind of guy who enjoyed this kind of things. And he didn’t really have an air of dominance.
“I have a theory, but I need to see the phone to be sure.”
“It’s not the same.”
John’s coming out wasn’t much of one, really. It was a coming out of the bedroom, if you will, Sherlock’s bedroom at that, in Sherlock’s shirt and red briefs on his otherwise naked body, with visible love marks all along his thighs, into a room full of police officers and Mrs Hudson.
It earned him another earful of Adler’s deep laugh.
He leaned down to open Sherlock’s lips and he got bit on his tongue for the trouble.
“My shirt.”
He thought the initial weirdness of watching and hearing people have sex when another man was next to him on the couch would wear off after a bit. It did not. Sherlock was not helping with the awkwardness, commenting on every little thing with such apparent disapproval that it made John feel ashamed. John liked watching porn, he saw nothing wrong with it, but Sherlock’s biting comments made him feel dirty somehow.
John was interrupted by sudden teeth clamping down on his shoulder. Sherlock definitely wasn’t wasting time. Or force.
He didn’t remember ever being washed like this by someone. Maybe his mum did wash him as a kid, but he didn’t remember it. He had bathed with his girlfriends before, but this was different. Here, he was the only one naked, the only one being touched. He didn’t know if this was sexual for Sherlock, but it seemed like something kinky to him, even though Sherlock wasn’t even touching his skin directly, most of the time.
“I have nowhere else to go.”
John was taken aback, but not enough to stop from talking.
The presents were more than ever surprising, and John didn’t quite know how to categorize them. Among other things, he received a gardening book, even though they had no actual garden, though John assumed it was Sherlock’s way of being an arrogant git confident in his own ability to make John accept him and his cottage and whatnot. He allowed it, though he was quite sure Sherlock would get bored of him long before they retired either way. He also got a very warm winter coat and a pair of durable boots, even though it wasn’t the season, and even then, London rarely got that cold. A bouquet of flowers seemed like a very normal gift, though unusual for Sherlock. John thought that maybe Sherlock had a sudden unexpected attack of sentimentalism, so he researched the meanings of the flowers, but it was a useless effort. The flowers together made no sense: a myrtle was gifted as a wish of happiness in marriage, the purple hyacinth was a plea for forgiveness, lemon blossoms meant fidelity in love, but mock orange stood for deceit, then again the red carnation spoke ‘my heart aches for you’, so John assumed Sherlock must have bought the flowers not for their connotations but for their beauty. Another strange gift John received was a vial of something greenish, but at least for that, he received an explanation. Sherlock told him it was a potion invented by him, one that could aid him in sleeping, but at the same time he told John not to use it unless his body was collapsing from exhaustion but his mind didn’t give him rest.
’ John thought, ‘
No more than two days after he returned he gave John his punishment, in possibly the worst place he could have chosen. Of course, the purpose was to make John uncomfortable with the space.
John: And some chocolate
“Come on, John,” Sherlock hurried, entertained.
“Really? I can call you that?” Sherlock had his excited puppy face on.
John sighed heavily. He was dangerously close to murdering Sherlock, and he didn’t think anyone would blame him. But a different approach came to mind, and maybe it was spiteful, and sure, a little embarrassing, but it was so very worth it.
Don't look at me, I did warn you guys I don't do healthy relationships. Also, sorry for mistakes, I'm terribly sleepy.
John did take a shower, but he wasn’t allowed to do even that in peace, with Sherlock’s hands wandering all over him. Not that he didn’t like being taken care off, but Sherlock apparently had a plan to kill him with over-exertion when he pushed him onto the bed and showed him the tongue was another part of his body he could use to destroy John from the inside.
Sherlock must have known what he was planning the moment John started moving his hands to go behind the chair, and John could feel his hesitation in letting John force them there. John kept his hold secure, but not in a way that Sherlock wouldn’t be able to break out of it.
“Do you find him attractive?”
He wasn’t prepared for Sherlock’s fingers to touch the same place, massaging lightly, the sponge abandoned. He didn’t jump up this time, but his whole body stiffened. Sherlock’s hand was rubbing circles on his lower back, his other hand posed on the bathtub, his head close behind John’s. He must have been half kneeling.
It was strange to feel at once peaceful and excited, but John experienced the strange sleepy restlessness while looking at Sherlock’s lips. He had a feeling he had to move, either to leave or close the distance. When he moved a bit forward Sherlock didn’t react in any other way than to watch him with interest, so John used his hand as leverage to lean over and stopped a couple of centimeters away from Sherlock’s face. The other still just watched, though John could swear he saw the corners of his mouth lift a bit in a little smile. John closed his eyes and moved a bit forward until he could feel Sherlock’s breath mingling with his. Sherlock made no move to close the distance, so John leaned in further, connected their lips, and it was at once a familiar and a strange feeling.
“No, you don’t."
“But you look good like that,” John said, pressing hard on a point that made Sherlock grunt.
When he got lonely, he went to Friston to eat a bigger meal and charge his phone, calling Mrs Hudson, Lestrade, even Harry, at times. From her, he mostly heard he was mad for doing what he did, but even then, it was nice to hear her voice and know she was pulling through, somewhat. On one such occasion, while he was returning, he found a dog waiting on the porch, but it was not Gladstone. Rather, this creature was dirty and looked something of a mix between a spaniel and a lurcher, brown in colour and lop-eared. He approached it cautiously, but the dog seemed friendly enough and reacted enthusiastically when John petted its head. He made it wait before letting it inside, shutting Gladstone in another room in case it turned out to be aggressive or diseased. He prepared a bath in his washbasin, heating the water with his kettle on the gas stove, the same way he did for himself, and washed the dog thoroughly, uncovering some white among the brown in his fur. The next morning, he went to Bernard to ask him to take him to Eastbourne to a vet, and he found out the dog was named Toby and his owner was dead. They had thought the dog was dead as well, but it must have been vagabonding. After it was certain the dog was healthy, Toby became part of John’s household, very happy to have such a companion as Gladstone, though the bulldog was somehow less impressed with his new energetic friend.
Irene laughed.
“A bit from work, yeah. I must admit, I was really determined to steal a date from him. But your friend didn’t budge. And now I will no longer have a chance.”
John stopped any other question with his lips. Sherlock kissed tentatively back, letting John unbutton his shirt. He stopped John’s hands when they started unzipping his trousers. John snorted. What a stubborn creature he was.
John sighed “What do you need me to do?”
“That means?”
The damn bastard returned to his microscope, completely ignoring the fuming John. The doctor decided he didn’t want to be in his proximity any longer and stormed to his room. He started furiously throwing everything he got from Sherlock in the past month on his bed. He was going to throw it away if that’s what Sherlock wanted!
“Best would be ‘Master’ or something like that. We must put on a show, and the closer you are, the easier it will be for me to explain to you what you have to do.”
Sherlock’s eyes changed instantly, passing through shocked to dark. He leaned in to John’s ear.
John came, ashamed with himself. What the fuck was he thinking about? He didn’t have much time to consider it, unfortunately, as at the moment he heard the real Sherlock’s voice calling him. Fuck, why did he have to come back right now?
“John” funny how one word could convey so much “When I kiss you, I want you to enjoy every second of it.”
He had to drag his very-soon-to-be husband to the bathroom, but any tardiness was worth it, even if they were scolded by Mrs Hudson for ‘making her take care of everything,’ Mrs Pot agreeing with her enthusiastically and Lestrade between amused and done with their antics.
John didn’t know much about technique, but he could guess those two were masters of it. They took the audience on a journey through many different emotions, feelings that had no name and no words could describe them as accurately as the sounds.
“Yes, you can. Just solve the case in your head, I’ve seen you do that before.”
“But Daddy, I’m hungry.” He tried his best to sound as whiny as possible.
Sherlock: Done. SH
“Sherlock, fuck,” the hand on his cock was proving to be a real problem, “You want me to ask for permission to masturbate?”
The blood went to John’s head, making his ears fill with noise. He knew Sherlock didn’t really need him, but he didn’t want to hear him say it.
“Sherlock, why are you giving me this?”
“I’m assuming you’re going to want to pay for the food as well?” John asked sipping the wine. It was good, if a little too sweet.
“Starving.”
“John,” his voice was a clear warning and John raised his head.
“Well, I’d like to and I can’t imagine a better partner,” Sherlock answered with a smile and extended his hand.
“Do you remember when you gave me a bath in Italy? I had imagined you joining me at that time. Telling me to wash you.”
Sherlock got closer to him and for a moment John wanted to not let him, but he realized he was only taking off the collar. He didn’t even touch John’s skin.
John thought, but instead of voicing it, he asked critically; “Gladstone?”
Sherlock had changed in many ways, though he did remain the same annoying, genius git he had always been. His body had changed, it had many scars that Sherlock told him stories about, making John thankful Sherlock managed to survive and return to him. The scars were a part of Sherlock’s body and past, and John treated them with reverence, kissing along their trails. What had changed the most was Sherlock’s openness with assuring John of his feelings, as if John would not believe him if he didn’t repeat it, didn’t shower him with affection. But John did believe him, he believed there would be no one else for neither of them. In Sherlock’s bittersweet smile he could see how much their separation pained him and he accepted it, and at some point, he forgave Sherlock everything: leaving him, playing with him, being an idiot. He had no choice, he couldn’t stay angry at the man he would never part from again, not if he could help it.
“Did you win?”
“Baby?”
“It’s one-sided. He’s proving himself to be the one in control.”
“First, I must ask you to remain calm, John. This may be hard for you.”
“Yeah,” John smirked right back at him. “Dare.”
“It’s because of last night that I’m telling you to keep your hands to yourself. I don’t want to look tired at my own wedding!”
He drives a third finger inside and it is on the border of being too painful. It definitely feels too full, but a cock would have been more, so he slowly resumes his movements. There is a lot of movement and he’s the one controlling the speed, so he doesn’t really hurt himself. It eases and John feels mad with how strangely good it feels, how different. Why the hell had he never tried this before? This feels literally amazing, he is harder than stimulating his cock has ever gotten him and the bereft feeling he has from not touching his penis just makes it
After a few innocent requests such as making Sherlock bring them wine, or asking if John ever stole anything, there came a time for a change of pace.
“Go to the kitchen. Find something appetizing and feed me with your lips.”
“If I say I am, are you going to let me go?”
When Sherlock deemed his leg sufficiently bruised he invoked the same torture on the other thigh. By this point, John wasn’t even able to look at him. His legs were splayed wide by Sherlock’s hand, the bathrobe opening itself on its own, leaving John’s hard cock uncovered, just waiting to be taken care of.
He regretted it terribly, even if it wouldn’t have changed a thing. John didn’t manage to say it when people were accusing Sherlock of being a fraud. He didn’t do it when he was talking with Sherlock on the phone, looking at his figure on the roof of St Bart’s right before he jumped, too shocked by the sight.
“Fine. I agree.”
Sherlock bit harder. By this point, John wasn’t sure what was made to tease him and what to punish. He wasn’t sure there was a difference.
Sherlock stopped John by taking Gladstone out of John’s hands and setting him carefully on the floor.
“Sherlock?” he asked when he felt Sherlock put his arms around him, “Can we dance some more?”
John didn’t manage to close his eyes before Sherlock connected their lips. The view of another face so close confused his eyes, so he closed them and kissed Sherlock back. Sherlock allowed them to kiss like this, open mouthed, but not too forceful, only for a moment. His tongue travelled inside John’s mouth, and he wasn’t kidding about tasting it. The hand on his face was holding him firmly, the thumb between their lips not allowing John to close his mouth even a little. Sherlock’s other hand travelled John’s back, which he didn’t notice at first, because of the distracting way Sherlock was weaving their tongues. He noticed when the hand traveled under his swimming trunks, and it wasn’t just fingers peeking under it, Sherlock full on groped his ass cheek. John should have reacted, but he was too focused on fighting the losing battle with Sherlock’s tongue.
“Isn’t that blackmail?” John joked, making Sherlock pout attractively.
“Of course.”
“Dare,” Sherlock answered impatiently. Whatever he thought John would make him do, he was going to be disappointed.
John was struck with an idea. The look of this place was quite feminine and fanciful, but surely, men got massages too? And a ‘waste of money’ sounded exactly like the kind of thing Sherlock wanted him to spend his money on.
Sherlock sighed, irritated, and leaned closer. Thinking that he was to be kissed, John automatically closed his eyes, but Sherlock just started talking softly straight into his ear.
Sherlock’s voice didn’t allow for a protest, and John was too tired to try to fight him. If Sherlock didn’t want to accept his good intentions, that was his problem.”
John bristled.
“There is a reason. I told you there are things about you that you’re not aware of.”
“No.”
“I thought you knew by now.” Sherlock’s deep voice was much too close to him now. “I like making you feel good.”
“Is the guy we’re looking for at the hotel?”
: So nothing actually keeps you there, besides words. You don’t have to do anything, John. Do you think Sherlock will be able to enforce this promise in any way? He won’t force you. And yet, you still go along with it
He cursed the blindfold because he felt it so starkly when Sherlock moved the cold stick down his body, slowly, torturously, following the wet trail with his lips, not letting any of it go to waste. It travelled down to John’s cock and the cold of it moved against him made him want to weep. Sherlock’s lips followed it, licking the cream off from between the silicone and John was very, very close to begging him to just take him whole into his mouth but he closed his lips tight. Sherlock returned to let him taste the ice cream along with the taste of John’s skin from his tongue. What was left of the ice lolly was melting on John’s leg and while he was being devoured by Sherlock’s lips, opening them wide for him, Sherlock drove his hand into the mess and painted the skin around John’s nipples with it, raising his hand between their lips, letting John clean it up, while he went to lick it off from his chest.
“What? I can go out with other people, but I can’t masturbate? What kind of a fucked up system is that?”
John opened the envelope. He instantly recognized Sherlock’s handwriting and fought with the wave of nausea that would make him unable to read it.
Sherlock looked at him with thinly veiled murderous intent. John left his lap, putting a small distance between them on the couch.
Sherlock let his wrists go to lay his hand on John’s face and lean down to look inquisitively in his eyes. John ignored his worried expression and started taking off his pants. Sherlock allowed it and John didn’t touch him anywhere untoward as he promised. He left Sherlock his boxers to take off himself and started backing up in the direction of the bath.
“Don’t you know? Heard poor bastard’s dead. Some terrible accident, though the people at the office didn’t want to tell me anything more. Probably, he was driving drunk, who knows. I actually feel bad about him, he had an eye for beauty. But enough talking about the deceased, there are better topics.”
I promised him in exchange for smth
The oscillation was the thing that was slowly breaking John’s resolve. Sherlock was everything to him: gentle, caring, rough, dominating, obsessive, disinterested, unreasonable, thoughtful, horrible, amazing. John knew so many versions of him, he got to know the changes in his voice, his expressions, the different aspects of his touch. Sherlock was too much, his body could not contain the grandness of his mind. The changes in him were sometimes too abrupt for John to understand, much less predict, and that was probably why Sherlock was always one step ahead in this game of theirs.
“John, this isn’t the right place.” He hissed, holding his arm so hard it hurt.
Despite knowing this, Sherlock held a certain power over him. It didn’t matter that John knew he was in a trap, he still allowed himself to get distracted by the way Sherlock licked him from the inside. Kissing should not have made him so weak in the knees but Sherlock just had that effect on him.
“This is not-“
“You must be tired,” John started, forcing his voice to remain steady and playful, “let me help you relax.”
“I want to know when you feel pleasure. I want you to come to me whenever you want to be taken care of, or at least, to tell me beforehand.”
John was speaking some nonsense about Sherlock’s beauty and the detective rewarded him by playing with his balls. This was really getting to be too much for John to take. He gave Sherlock a warning and then he was coming. Sherlock managed to retract his lips from him in time, and so most of John’s come landed on his shirt.
“Good boy,” Sherlock said, kissing his temple. “I pick dare.”
The thing about vacation is, when you return from it, you realize that you were living in an unrealistic bubble and now reality is going to crush you. And John tried to ignore reality, but the moment he stepped back into their flat, he knew he was screwed.
“I know, that’s why I came up with something else, but I don’t think you’re gonna like it, either.”
“Oh, it’s not that interesting of a story, John. I’m much more interested in what happens in your life. From what I heard Sherlock is giving you quite a headache?”
“Iraq,” his voice was low and had a dry quality, “You?”
“Of course you would. You happen to like people looking down at you, that’s why you prefer your women to ride you.” He did not add ‘pathetic’ to the sentence, but John could read it from his expression.
Theoretically, their first time was long before Sherlock faked his death, but John chose not to count it, exactly, for the one-sidedness of Sherlock’s attentions at the time. On the other hand, their actual first time after he returned was neither romantic nor a particularly good memory. He would rather reminisce all the wonderful times after that one, but that day stood starkly in his mind. John had been more than a little drunk, and his resentments resurfaced with extraordinary strength, without control. He was aware of his masochistic tendencies, but even then, there were normally limits to how far he would allow himself to go. He bullied Sherlock into it with begging, using Sherlock’s guilt against him, convincing the detective he needed it. Perhaps he did crave it in this way, and he did enjoy Sherlock’s face of horror when he realized how much pain John was in, and the abhorrence with which Sherlock treated his physical responses in the situation. While it lasted, John felt the sadistic pleasure of manipulating Sherlock, and he didn’t consider himself crueler than Sherlock had been when he decided to ensure John wouldn’t be able to forget about him while he was wiping out Moriarty’s web. Only the next morning, when he noticed Sherlock sitting over the bed with despair did the guilt hit him. It was a bit of an overreaction for John, after all the lack of preparation and the fact he would rather not move at all for the day would not kill him, but he understood Sherlock’s concern. The first words he said to Sherlock when the detective managed to look into his eyes were ‘thank you’ followed by an apology.
“Now I have to deal with the problem myself, you see.”
John took his ankle into his lap, uncovering the skin to give it a kiss. He skimmed his mouth lightly over the clothed leg, reaching Sherlock’s thigh. When he was almost at Sherlock’s crotch, Sherlock stirred.
He tried to keep his voice snarky and unembarrassed but talking about it felt very intimate for some reason. Especially talking about it while blindfolded, bound and unable to come. Plus, it was unfair to ask him about this. It made it clear to Sherlock that what John wanted, what he really enjoyed, was making his partner feel good, and Sherlock already used that as emotional leverage against him enough.
“Sherlock, is this really for a case? Because the last time we were on a case in Ireland we slept in a bed and breakfast.”
“I do,” Sherlock answered with a chuckle, “but is it really the best time to practice vows?”
“This is not exactly a present, but I wanted you to see it. What do you think, John? Do you like it?”
“Truth.”
“Not particularly, I just wanted to ask… Can I came with?”
He moved his hips against Sherlock’s cock, the detective biting down a moan and John sucked on his lip to keep him from biting too hard. Sherlock wasted no time in freeing John’s cock and giving it a few strokes, John whining into his mouth.
When John heard the dogs barking he took his gun and came to the door cautiously. He rarely had guests, and definitely not at such a late hour. There was a knock at the door and he opened it to have the cold wind and snow envelope him and make him close his eyes.
But when he looked into Sherlock’s eyes he saw a shadow of his own feelings and it made him draw a sharp breath. Fine, he could let Sherlock have this.
Sherlock didn’t even try to choose anything in particular, he started reading the random page he opened on; “People dance too close. She was there. I’d only gone because I hoped she would be. I took a long walk around the block taking a few extra lefts and rights …”
“Won’t I get a kiss too?” Sherlock asked humorously.
Sherlock finished, and John was very relieved that it was over. He wasn’t sure how much longer he could sit still. But Sherlock didn’t let go of his foot. He held it, focused on it, didn’t move.
John had no time to react before a paper was shoved in front of his face. He took it from Sherlock’s moving hand to read it properly.
“So, did it work?”
Sherlock smiled wider.
“Here,” John’s voice had taken on a strange unknown quality. Sherlock looked mesmerized by him.
“Were you a good boy, John?” Sherlock said that, biting his buttock and making John scream, “or did you disobey me? Which is it?”
“My genuine reaction would be to shot you.”
Sherlock’s newfound fame was indeed a problem, and it seemed to get Sherlock into the strangest of moods, that turned into anxious excitement upon Moriarty’s return. John was more than ever confused by Sherlock’s changing attitudes: there were days Sherlock was sweet and driven to please John, only to change into him being a total dick a day later. There seemed to be no pattern, no logic to this, but John felt Sherlock carried a weight of something that he didn’t care to share with John.
“Oh for God’s sake, John. This is a tawdry and entirely obvious story. Must you tell it in such mind-numbing detail?” Sherlock interrupted. “What was the idiot doing when you arrived? What did you see? Did you collect any data of any use whatsoever?”
Sherlock thinks about losing John. All the time.
John, who has been looking on all the while, listening, smiles warmly, his eyes soft, and does ruffle the boy’s hair.
“Today.” Sherlock looks towards the gate at the side of the house as Seth lifts the latch and comes through. “We’ll see if he can deduce it,” he adds, winking.
The most unsettling thing he told me is that since the case, he’s often felt that Amberley was standing behind or beside him—looming—and turned to see that there was no one there. At first, I was alarmed, but he reminded me that hallucinations taking the form of a feeling of a presence are a reasonably common Parkinsonian symptom, especially in patients who experience other hallucinations, and said he wasn’t frightened by it—he knew it was only that; that is was not real. Just, it left him with a feeling of deep sadness. He empathised with Amberley. He understood. It was why he had despised him so much. It’s why he pities the man now.
