Castiel smiled at that memory. Dragons didn’t sleep as much as humans normally did. He was happy to watch over Dean. The dragon’s smile slipped from his face as he realized Dean wasn’t here now. He had no one to watch over him. Dean would be alone tonight. Castiel too.
“How many?” Dean questioned, looping his arms around Castiel’s neck. Castiel’s wings folded backward to support him and protect him, acting as a sort of shell to keep him safe.
“Or feeding you fake information just so he can get bent over the kitchen counter again,” Gabriel said, almost to himself.
His team had been one second short.
below them. Castiel’s wings were pumping behind him, alternating between gliding on the wind and keeping them aloft. His tail snapped open and bent closed in time with the rhythm, Castiel’s body moving to keep them flying high above the ground.
. Salty and tangy and savory and...
The dragon’s corpse had been blown backward to the edge of the tabletop, his once-beautiful silver scales scorched black. His entire chest had been blown in, his innards fried as they slid out of his body and onto the blackened earth. There was no denying that Castiel’s former friend was very, very dead.
Dean’s hand twitched in an attempt to sign a question to her. His knowledge of hand-language was miniscule. It was Sam who really knew about it, the nerd. Though, Dean suspected the only reason he knew so much was so he could have long conversations with Eileen. His little brother was romantic like that.
“Yeah, that sucks,” Dean agreed, heart twisting with sympathy for his friend. He looked Castiel in the eyes when his roommate glanced back at him. “I’m real sorry that happened, Cas.”
Dean wondered how long he would feel like this. He wondered if he’d do well on Thursday, or if he would fuck everything up again. He wondered if he’d ever fully regain Michael’s love. He wondered if he deserved to.
“So, are you going to tell me what you have planned for today?” Castiel asked as they climbed into the Impala and started off for the diner.
Now that he’d calmed down a little, Dean was able to think clearer. Castiel was gone, and he’d likely be out late. Dean wasn’t feeling very hungry, but he knew he had to eat tonight, no matter what. Castiel was a smart bastard when he wanted to be. He’d ask if Dean had eaten. He always did when he knew that Dean was upset.
Ishim was not only larger and stronger than Castiel, he was also older, which meant he had more experience. Though they’d been the same rank in the garrisons, Ishim had been far superior to Castiel when it came to fighting. In fact, the only thing Castiel had ever outmatched him in was flying, and that had been back when he’d been in shape, used to flying hundreds of miles every day and still having enough energy to get into a firefight with humans.
Dean sighed slightly wistfully as he set Castiel’s mug down in front of him, indulging himself slightly as he put a hand on his friend’s shoulder. The warmth of Castiel’s skin seeped through the soft, thin fabric of the shirt he was wearing. Dean cleared his throat. “How’s that paper coming?”
“Had to ask a few hot girls to get directions, but I made it here just fine,” the new boy said, giving Coach Singer a grin that Castiel immediately hated.
As Castiel took a shower and ate some breakfast, he tried to imagine what he could have done to make Dean shut down like that. Perhaps the mention of the merman’s family had set him off?
“Oh, please,” Dean gasps. “Please, please, sir, please…!”
Castiel had met Bobby Singer, the advisor to the king, only hours before. The man had been surprisingly calm, even in the face of a dragon. He’d promised that he’d take care of the citizens of Lawrence, and that he’d explain the situation. For now, he held the reins of the kingdom.
They drove for another forty minutes before they found the town they’d agreed to stay in for the night. To Castiel’s surprise, their usual motel was full. Most of the motels in town had no vacancies. The one they did find was considerably seedier than the rest. Dean grimaced at it.
He wasn’t sure what Michael had thought initially. He knew that Michael hadn’t been very happy, likely because Dean was just a mechanic in some random garage, but Michael had warmed up once he’d realized that Dean was a student studying for a mechanical engineering degree. Dean’s plan was to work for his Uncle Bobby’s classic car restoration garage when he graduated. It was famous throughout the Midwest.
Castiel got up slowly, his entire body numb. He felt drained. Tired. The chase with Ishim and the fight with Dean had left him physically and mentally exhausted. He was done.
Next was candy. Clyde thought hard about it, since it was close to food, then figured Castiel would enjoy chocolate. He’d already decided taht Castiel would be a better target of all these gifts, since he was dense, but Dean was denser. It was the best Clyde could do. Nodding to himself, the ghost listed
Dean waited until he was about ten miles out from the base, then switched his radio to the Control channel, speaking with Whidbey Tower. He heard the end of a transaction between them and someone else, so he waited a respectful five seconds to see if there was a reply. When there wasn’t, Dean hit the button for his comms and spoke up.
Dean looked up at him, trying to memorize the image of his face in the moonlight. He could feel the pull of the water, the call of the ocean beneath him, welcoming him home. His legs tingled and went numb as the change took place, morphing his lower half into a single, green-gold tail. Castiel smiled at the sight, something simultaneously sad and happy on his face.
Worst of all, though, had to be Dean’s tail. It looked as if the scales of a small section as big as Castiel’s fist had been removed, exposing the vulnerable muscle underneath. The wound still looked fresh, the blood wet, as if it had only just stopped bleeding and was now attempting to close.
“What?” Dean and Castiel asked, frowning first at each other, and then at their friends.
“I can hear you thinking all the way from the bedroom,” a familiar rumbling voice said. Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean’s torso, one of his hands fishing for the mug of coffee Dean was pouring. His chest was a warm, firm line against Dean’s back.
“No, I suppose we won’t,” Alastair sighed. “Pity.” He returned to observing the merman’s face carefully, his gaze predatory and darkly curious. “I’ve heard of bad things happening when they use their voices. Some of them were powerful enough to bring down whole ships, did you know that? I’ve heard that’s the real reason the
. Castiel!” he shouted. He squeezed his eyes shut, terror pounding a sickening rhythm in his head. “I’m sorry. I’m fucking
“Of course not,” Castiel scoffed.
“Keep an eye out,” Sam said. “I’ve got a feeling asking Dean about this is only gonna make it worse. You’re gonna have to be observant. Please, Castiel. I can’t… This can’t happen again.”
“It was a man, and no, he wasn’t,” Castiel replied. He tied the extra-long straps of the apron around his front and then behind him again to keep them from dragging on the floor. “I’m uninterested in any sexual advances he wants to make on me.”
“I don’t know,” Castiel lied. Who else could have put the rock into his backpack? That left him just wondering who he knew that was called Dean in any of his classes. He didn’t think he had ever met another Dean, at least on these campus grounds. It was absurd. If it wasn’t for how upset
Castiel laughed a little, squeezing Dean gently. “I suppose we are.” He was at just the right angle to kiss Dean’s hair, but he refrained. That would be too much. He needed to be grateful for what he had. This—hugging Dean, holding him—was more than enough. The feeling of Dean’s powerful back expanding slowly under his hands, the feeling of his breath puffing softly against his neck… it was better than anything else Castiel could imagine.
Dean bowed at the waist, pressing his forehead against the scales beneath him. “Missed you, Cas,” he murmured into the dragon. He didn’t think Castiel would hear him, but the soft rumble he got in return had tears rising to his eyes that couldn’t be blamed on the wind.
Dean patted the dragon on the neck, smiling. “Come on, buddy. I thought of a few new tricks to try.”
. Dean didn’t know why. He thought the other boy was awesome, and he was an
“May the best man win,” Dean said, and from the grin on his face when Castiel turned to look at him, Castiel knew he was winking behind the mirrored lenses of his goggles.
Lots of good it had done him. Castiel was still mad, and Dean was still stupid and unable to open his mouth to speak. The angel seemed to reach that conclusion at the same time as Dean. His forearms flexed as he gripped the edge of the sink. “Aren’t you going to
Castiel sighed. He knew exactly who had just come in.
“We have a good half hour before we’re back in the water,” Castiel shouted over the noise. “Dean, come with me. We have to talk to Coach Shurley.”
He’d set out a shirt and some sweatpants for himself. The worn clothes looked weird on Castiel’s white marble bathroom counters, but Dean didn’t think it looked necessarily
, it had made Alastair laugh. He smiled even now, thinking of it.
It was tiny, barely more than a rowboat. He’d taken it out a few times over the past year, jerking his outboard motor to life and sailing out to some unknown distance away from the beach, simply to sit and stare at the water for hours. Sometimes, Castiel swore he could see the flash of colorful scales. He always chalked it up to his imagination afterward.
!” Dean bellowed. “I didn’t ask for your
to him was because of the stupid armor Dean had thrown on. The agony made his chest spasm.
“Impala,” Dean murmurs, cheeks pinking slightly as Castiel guides his hands up to the hidden hooks they’d installed a few months ago, when they’d first gotten into the kinky aspects of their sexual relationship. Castiel makes sure Dean’s arms are in an acceptably comfortable position, then binds them expertly to the wooden hooks with the soft rope he’d retrieved from their box.
“What are you trying to get at, Castiel?” Michael asked, blue eyes curious instead of frustrated now. He’d obviously picked up on the tension in Castiel’s words. Something was going on here. Something bad.
Dean tried not to feel like a dog. He tried to feel good about this. Michael was happy with him. Or at least, he wasn’t as pissed as before. And Dean had a way to get back into his good graces. He could do this.
A series of very rapid gunshots fired, one after the other, and then everything was silent.
Benny grunted an agreement. He tied off the thick bandages that the two healers had wrapped around Dean’s torso. Jo, who looked pale at the amount of blood on the sheets, was trembling lightly.
.” Oooh, Sam sounded
“I’m okay, Cas,” Dean said quietly, sending warm shivers down Castiel’s spine despite what had just transpired. He liked hearing his new nickname coming from the merman. There was something magical about hearing it said in that light, elegant accent.
“Fuck you, dickhead,” he dared to snarl.
Dean’s striking green eyes squinted a little, then fluttered sleepily. “Water,” he rasped. “Please.”
“You have a summer house on the coast?” Dean asked, eyebrows rising.
Castiel opened his mouth, ready to argue, ready to continue the conversation, but he recognized the exhaustion in his friend’s shoulders. Dean was tired. Castiel didn’t want to hurt him any more than what had already been done. He let the conversation slide, at least for the moment. “Two eggs, please.”
, the note read.
See y'all at the end.
They moved on after that, heading into more serious topics, but Castiel ended up having the last laugh. When Dean woke up the next morning and looked into his fridge, he was greeted with a whole new array of food. Bacon, eggs, oranges, more bacon, and a little package of pre-made cinnamon rolls.
There was a pause. Dean glanced over, about to repeat himself, and caught Diego leering at his coin pouch. Or maybe he was looking at his ass, whatever. Either way, it made Dean itch to grab his sword.
“Cas, the
“You’ve been in possession of Honey Festival tickets for
Dean swallowed. There was nothing scary about going to the local park for a walk with his soulmate. There was nothing wrong with it. Still, Dean couldn’t help but feel like Michael’s offer had been… sinister. “Right… uh, right now?” he dared to ask.
“Dean!” Castiel called from somewhere behind him. He was holding the round firework again, frowning at it. It was smoking. “I don’t think—”
would be even more annoying.
,” Sam protested, struggling to keep up with Dean’s powerful tail. “
For one heartbreaking second, Dean thought Cas was there. Then he realized that the figure standing in his living room was too tall, his shoulders not broad enough, body the wrong shape, hair the wrong color.
“You’re very warm,” Castiel remarked as they danced past another couple. “Your heat is due in a week or two, yes?”
“Fucker,” the merman spat again. “Motherfucker. You fucking rat-faced bitch.” He bared his sharp teeth at Alastair again. Castiel distantly observed the tiny movement of his pointed, elegant ears. They were tinged green with little imprints of scales, and they shifted when he drew his lips back in a snarl.
Clyde went back to Dean’s room so he could peek at his list, sighing as he realized he’d have to cross off ‘flowers’ once Dean left. There were still some gift ideas, chocolate, and love letters. Perhaps Clyde could up the ante and do two at once. He frowned at the list, wondering where he was going to get these things. Perhaps he’d have to visit the student store on campus. He didn’t like straying very far from these apartments, but going to the nearby college was fine. It was going to take something drastic to get these two to pull themselves out of their own orbits of self-doubt and idiocy. At this point, Clyde could only hope a larger gift, or at least a repetition of the first, would jolt
,” Dean complained. He pushed at Castiel, trying to get closer. “You’re
Pain flashed in a fiery line down Dean’s cheek and he yelped despite himself. The cut wasn’t deep, he could tell, but it could leave a scar and it definitely stung like a motherfucker. Hot blood ran down the side of his jaw and his temple. “You’re a sadistic bastard,” Dean hissed.
Anyway, still struggling to get the next story written so there won't be as big of a wait between fics. We'll see. I also get to participate in the Profound Bond Gift Exchange for the first time ever this year, so I am SO excited about that! I've never done a gift exchange. I'm nervous.
In the end, he settles for a sort of compromise. He resolves to wait until Castiel goes to hug him, then turn around at last second and give the angel a hug back. If something goes wrong, he can always say he was just turning around and got surprised. Besides, Dean can’t deny the rational part of his brain that tells him a simple hug would be a stupid thing for Cas to go apeshit over.
Castiel opened Dean’s jeans, silently summoning some lube. He knew it would make the experience more pleasurable if his hand was slicked, and he was surprised by the power of his desire to make Dean feel good.
Dean swallowed and looked down at the hoodie and sweatpants he was wearing, that raw panic beginning to change from liquid acid to something physical and strong. It clenched around his throat and lungs, making it nearly impossible to breathe. “Uh, I didn’t… I didn’t… I—”
By then, Dean had given into his instinctual need for warmth. He was still sitting in the dragon’s nest, unable to haul himself out, so he pulled a thick wool blanket that looked strangely human-made over himself and huddled underneath it. It was slowly becoming colder as night fell over the valley, the last vestiges of sunlight staining the Ryuu mountains gold and red.
“So... You pretended to be a secret admirer of Cas’ so that we would get together?” Dean asked.
“Uh, a few minutes? Not long,” Dean said. That made Castiel feel slightly better.
to describe the power of the sound coming from Dean’s throat.
~>>>~
, remembered cooking Castiel some greasy food to help with the hangover the next day and realizing that he was in love with the stupid asshole.
A warm hand wrapped around Dean’s left wrist. Dean blinked down at where Cas was holding him, a couple tears slipping free. “You have
“I’ll see you tomorrow, Gabriel,” Castiel said.
Castiel told Dean privately that he was surprised by the amount of dragons that supported the end of the war. Dean answered by saying that everyone was tired of the bloodshed. It would be nice to enjoy the peace between them for the first time since anyone remembered.
Outside was cool and wet. It smelled of the city at night, sharp and fierce. Castiel reached behind him and shut the window firmly, made sure his gun was firmly holstered, and disappeared into the rain.
Dean reached out and gave Sam a thwack upside the head. He had a proud smile on his face. “That’s my Sammy. How’d he go down?”
Castiel groaned from where he’d been frowning at the singular sink. “Are you serious?” He walked up behind Dean and pressed up against his left shoulder, leaning in to see the shower. “Of course. Damn it.”
Hello, hello, hello! I am your beloved Count Olaf.
(See the end of the chapter for
What he’d said was true, though. He wouldn’t have helped Dean with the fire. He… He didn’t have the same conventional fire as his brethren. It was part of why he had been alienated as a hatchling. It was something he would rather forget.
“Gordon,” the guard gritted out after a moment. “Gordon Walker,
Dean wasn’t one of those people who hated rich people for being rich, but the gathering around him was making his skin crawl. Maybe it wasn’t because these people were wealthy. Maybe it was just the kinds of people they actually were.
Dean. If the prince made any indication that he needed help, Castiel would shift and charge in there without a second thought.
Alastair sighed, going back to fiddling with his knives. Novak continued flipping through his never-ending supply of papers and notes.
Dean snorted. “Yeah, that’s a good call. D’you want me to come with you, or…?” He trailed off, wincing a little at the thought of even getting up from the couch. While he was definitely feeling better mentally, that didn’t change the fact that his body still ached all over.
of being told what to do and thrown around. Castiel had shown him he was more than that. Castiel had shown him he was more than a soldier. And he was going to stop being one, starting with his father. “I always knew you were an obsessed bastard, but this is too far,” Dean said, voice trembling with rage. “You’re insane. You can’t burn me, I’m your firstborn son!”
Dean’s eyes went wide as he realized what the keys were for. His hand went up to the collar at the base of his neck, fingers running across the smooth surface. “You trust me?” he asked, voice quiet. “You’re trusting me with... with this?”
Castiel smiled and pulled him in for a kiss, his hand reaching up to cup the back of Dean’s head. The short hairs back there were soft and fuzzy. When Castiel’s thumb swept experimentally to the side and brushed against the soft skin behind Dean’s ear, the green-eyed boy released a soft, somewhat restrained moan.
Gabriel frowned, the echoes of an old memory suddenly flashing before him.
“Get out.”
Castiel was quiet as he watched Dean move around the kitchen, simply a solid, comforting presence in the entryway. The Alpha didn’t react as Dean pulled out all the ingredients for sandwiches, but Dean didn’t mind. He got to work, going through the old, familiar motions of creating something for people he cared about. Food fixed a lot of things. Food didn’t fix
Castiel made it to Dean, breathless, eyes gleaming with excitement, just as the rocket launched itself into the air. Dean felt Castiel’s hand grab his again, excitement making him squeeze way too hard. Dean watched the rocket fly into the air.
He sighed, knowing it was rude to ignore someone, especially since they were so close he couldn’t just pretend like he hadn’t heard them. “Yes, Meg?” he asked, trying not to let his impatience bleed into his tone. Dean was always telling him he needed to have more patience with people. Castiel wasn’t sure what to make of that, especially since it was coming from
Balthazar watched him with raised eyebrows and an expectant expression as he reached across the table, grabbed Castiel’s unfinished lemonade, and took a large gulp.
“The bodies?” Dean asked, frowning.
And now he was here, and Cas was mad and hurt, and Dean had majorly fucked up.
“Fine...” Castiel’s husband pouted for a few seconds before he became distracted with the next best thing. “You could shower with me?” Dean proposed, waggling his eyebrows suggestively.
“Yeah,” Dean said quietly.
Just like that, the rage was back. Castiel’s hands curled into fists. “You think that just because you have the same Soul Mark, you can do whatever you want to him? You think that just because some stupid idiot decided you two were destined to be together, you can abuse and belittle him whenever you feel like it? You’re
Dean shivered at the thought.
The boat gave a shuddering roar and kicked forward, causing Dean to fall right off the bench and onto the wet floor of it, soaking his hoodie as well as his sweatpants. He didn’t give a damn about his wet clothing, though, especially as the boat hit an incoming wave and nearly threw them overboard. “Hold on!” Castiel shouted. “This will be a rough ride until we get past the shelf! Whatever you do, don’t fall out!”
“Dean Smith,” Castiel mused, tasting the name, feeling the shape of it in his mouth. “I would say it’s nice to meet you, but seeing as we’re both in compromising situations, that would be a lie.”
Damn it, Castiel’s chest felt tight. He turned away from the lake, heaviness in his heart, and set his sights for a familiar peak in the Ryuu mountains.
“You… You think the war is
The angel wonders if cuddling counts as a hug. He’s pretty sure it does, but he decides not to include it in the hug count. Dean needs all the physical contact he can get. Castiel isn’t going to cut corners just to make himself feel better. Dean deserves eight whole hugs, plus some cuddling on the side.
He’d accepted a long time ago that he’d never meet his soulmate, and that if he did, he wouldn’t burden them with his presence in their life. Who wanted to know that the Alpha they were destined to be with killed and tortured people for a living? Castiel had resigned himself to being alone.
Castiel often wondered why Dean came home sad or quiet. Dean never really told him. Sometimes he thought that Dean and Michael fought a lot, but Dean had only good things to say about his soulmate. It was an enigma. Castiel tried not to think too hard about it, for the most part. It wasn’t any of his business.
It wasn’t a bad thing, right? Castiel was his very best friend ever. He didn’t love Dean. Dean had a soulmate. That meant that whatever happened between them was fine, right? As long as Dean reminded himself that Castiel didn’t feel an ounce of romantic feelings, he was going to be fine. He was going to
offer Dean his apartment for the duration of his heat. The thought of Dean, vulnerable and sick, surrounded by the filth and danger of the place he lived in, made Castiel feel physically ill. It made the Alpha’s
“We do,” Castiel replied firmly. He couldn’t see the left side of Dean’s face from where he was standing, but he could bet the bruise on his cheek had colored fully by now. “I don’t know what happened, but you came back upset and exhausted. I’m your friend and I care about your wellbeing. I think I deserve to know at least the basics.”
“Cas... talks about me?” Dean managed. He knew it sounded stupid, but he felt really off-balance. He needed to get a better grasp on himself and his emotions, and talking about Cas and what he might or might not have said was not helping.
“I know. How do I even
Grabbing the gun out of the Alpha’s hip holster, Dean rammed the slide back and chambered a round, raising the barrel to aim it right at Azazel’s skull. Immediately, at least six other gun barrels were pointed at his own chest.
gave themselves a heart attack.
Thankfully, he didn’t have to worry about his eyes deteriorating. It wasn’talways dark in the cave. When Alastair tortured him, he liked to light a torch to see by, sometimes with his own fire.
A faint flush appeared on Castiel’s cheeks.
They stayed like that until Dean could manage a shaky nod in return. Castiel squeezed his wrist gently, then released him. Dean’s skin was cold where they’d been touching.
Castiel slept in human form that night. The first test, he supposed.
They also hadn’t lived very long, but Castiel wasn’t going to bring that up. Dean had already surpassed the normal survival time for every single subject in the past, which was one of the reasons this study was becoming one of the most important of the modern day. The human world was eager to learn about their underwater counterparts, and Dean was currently the only merman who’d ever lived past thirty-six hours out of the water.
Castiel glanced behind him, all too aware of the humans only a few hundred yards away, and reached forward to grab the prince.
Castiel nodded. He was just relieved that Dean still even wanted to work with him. “Of course, Dean. Is there anything else you can think of that we could do in the meantime?” he asked. “Other training? Or… Or not even training, if you’re tired. I suppose we deserve a day off after last night.”
Dean paled. “Yes, ma’am. I won’t get out of bed. No need for the medicine, nope!” He gave her a winning smile, causing Castiel to wonder exactly what kale cold remedy was. From the terrified look on Sam’s face, it wasn’t exactly pleasant.
Dean clambered out of the nest, legs feeling a little wobbly. His whole body was warm, like his internal heater had been turned up a few degrees. It wasn’t too bad, not anything more than noticeable, but it was something that Dean noted as he poked his head experimentally out of the guest room. The hallway outside was empty.
As Castiel looked down at the merman in front of him, the paleness that seemed to have invaded his tan skin, the hollowness of his eyes and cheekbones... he realized that he didn’t think Dean was even going to
He and Dean played the Alphabet Game while they drove. Castiel won, only because Dean got stuck on ‘Q’ and Castiel managed to call out a Quiznos Subs sign before his friend saw it.
Dean doesn’t stir as Castiel draws the covers up over them. The angel hums softly in contentment as he curls his body around his hunter, closing his eyes to rest. Whatever Dean and Sam thought of Hippie Lady, he’s content in his knowledge that she was right about one thing: humans are much happier when they’re hugged enough. Castiel makes it his mission to hug Dean as much as he did today.
Castiel dove underneath a spire of rock, twisting into a barrel roll without a second thought. Dean seemed to have anticipated the move, pressing himself flat to Castiel’s back.
why I haven’t been back in so long, but
Cas sighed. “My version of Dean… We have the same system, though our dynamic is decidedly different.” He didn’t punish Dean because Heaven had need for him and he shouldn’t be putting himself in unnecessary danger. He punished Dean because Dean was beautiful and precious, and
Dean closed the bathroom door but didn’t lock it. He began the slow, painstaking process of pulling off the different pieces to his suit, wincing at how weak and achy his whole body felt. Once he was naked, he turned on the shower water and stepped in before it had a chance to warm up. Dean didn’t notice when the icy water turned hot. He just wanted to get clean.
, is what communicates his love to the angel the clearest. It makes Castiel feel high on the rush of it all, on the knowledge that there is a beautiful creature like Dean that loves him enough to give him access to the softest, most vulnerable parts of himself.
“Closest to the campus. I’ll see you in five minutes.”
Dean fired again, the arrow finding its target in one of the men’s eyes. Dean spared no time celebrating. He knew that he'd pretty much lost the element of surprise at this point. The men were getting closer. His time was limited.
They were strong, yeah, but they were fucking
“Cas, I need you... need you inside me,” Dean groaned. He gave a sort of broken sob as Castiel rubbed his prostate again. “
In nearly all aspects of human mythology, Hell was described as a fiery pit of blood and agony. The smell of smoke and ash was a common occurrence, and Satan was depicted as a red dude with a pitchfork and horns.
Outside was warm, warmer than they were used to. Castiel stopped to pull off his Henley, smiling when he saw Dean tug off a few of his shirts and set them in the front bench of the Impala. The sun shone down on the colorful stalls and tents awaiting them, filled with different kinds of farmers and vendors selling their honey products.
that. It’s fine, really. And the intelligence thing—”
you.”
The dragon plopped down next to the sleeping human and mechanically spread the vegetables and cheese over a slice of bread. He topped it with sliced, salted meat, then crammed a bite in his mouth.
“Four whole minutes,” Cam replied. He grinned, teeth nearly blinding. “If only I could do the same thing on my five hundred.”
Dean blinked and straightened a little, glancing to the side where Cas stood, watching them. Castiel ignored him, looking to his older counterpart. Cas frowned a little. “My Dean calls me ‘angel.’ He told me that ‘sir’ reminds him too much of his father.”
. Do you know what you’ve done, you Goddamn fool?”
Work was at five, so he hurried through making a half-assed breakfast and the largest amount of coffee he could fit into a to-go mug. Castiel was still asleep in his room. He’d wake up at least five hours later, so Dean didn’t bother making him breakfast. He left a smiley-face sticky note on the milk that Castiel liked to put in his coffee and hurried to grab his bag, knowing Castiel would likely wake up grumpy and might find joy in the little happy face.
Hello, beautiful people. Sorry for how late in the day (night???) this chapter is. I was so exhausted, I slept all the way until three o'clock in the afternoon. I am getting NO sleep tonight. WOOO! :)
The wonderful and amazing Confused_SPN_Fan made amazing dragon!Cas art. It's awesome. I love it. Also, for some reason, I can't get it to center. :'( Anyway, it's below. I'll explain why it's here and not at the end of the chapter later. ;) Give them some love, and also enjoy the chapter!
“Nope.”
Dean sniffled and tossed his phone into the footwell, waiting until it darkened and left the car pitch black again. He knew he should try to get some sleep too, and he even went so far as to close his eyes to try to get
Dean swallowed, his throat tight, and shook his head. “Nothing,” he said, voice soft. Castiel couldn’t have possibly heard him, but he must have seen his mouth move. He laughed and squeezed Dean’s hand, then went back to looking at the sky.
“Why?” Dean asked as they entered the kitchen. “Did something happen? Is everything okay?”
Castiel tried not to focus on who had made Dean happy, but rather that he was happy at all. Dean was a cheerful person in general, but Castiel loved when he was truly glowing. His eyes lit up beautifully, his dimples showed, and the tiny smile lines that were beginning to show around his eyes crinkled. Castiel was still absolutely sure that Dean smiling was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen, save for maybe when Dean laughed. Dean’s laugh—the one with his whole body, the one that made Castiel’s heart squeeze with love—was the most gorgeous thing he’d ever heard in his entire life. Dean was pure beauty and light compressed into human form.
The ride home from Regionals wasn’t nearly as fun as the one from Districts. Dean sat next to Ash instead of Castiel. Ash was fun to talk to, but Dean wasn’t going to sleep on him and, well... Ash wasn’t Cas. He still made Dean laugh when he nervously asked if marijuana gummy bears would be allowed at State. The answer was a resounding
in the valley.” She eyed him with dark, intelligent eyes. “I didn’t want to believe them, when they said that the fire mark on Ishim’s body was only hot enough to be bluefire. I was hoping you’d just flown east and weren’t even here anymore. It seems I was wrong to hope, wasn’t I?”
They didn’t, Castiel realized. These people saw Dean as an animal, something to be experimented on and thrown away. He felt sick thinking about it, remembering their six-month plan to study Dean and then let him go. Was that a lie? Was Dean even going to be released? Or was he going to be put down, or worse, condemned to a life of torment at the hands of psychopaths like Alastair?
if you fell over the side of your... your...” He hesitated, frowning. It took a second, but he remembered. “Your
Okay, I'm excited for this chapter. I'm excited for you to read it. OH MY GOSH! ALSO, FANART.
At that moment, Dean was struck by a particularly bad wave of stomach cramps. He stifled a pained whimper, opening his eyes so he could look around to find somewhere to sit. That would look strange, but Dean didn’t care. If he didn’t sit down right away, he was going to pass out.
Castiel’s attention, however, was caught on Dean’s eyes. They weren’t looking directly at his
“Cas, you really didn’t have to,” Dean said, feeling guilty now. “I ain’t gonna lie and say I could take care of myself, but I’m not gonna keel over and die. I’d survive.”
Dean froze, eyes wide, and watched as Castiel Krushnic entered the apartment, closed the door, and locked it behind him again.
Dean tensed as the dragon neared the nest, expecting Castiel to come straight toward him. Instead, the dragon shifted into human form and moved to the back of the cave. There was a brief period of silence, and then Dean could hear him rummaging around in the storage bins.
~>>>~
“It doesn’t
“Are you suggesting I whore myself out for bacon?” Dean asked, raising an eyebrow at Castiel.
“I don’t want to hear any fucking
“Your brother?” Dean asked. “You mentioned you had brothers before. Which one?”
“Lungs?” Castiel asked, amused. Dean had forgotten a few words over the course of their conversation. It was a strange mixture of amusing and adorable.
Castiel and Dean walked around for a few hours, until the sun started getting low in the sky and some of the vendors started closing up parts of their stalls. They left the festival with a pie and four jars of Castiel’s favorite honey. Castiel didn’t think he’d ever been happier.
a voice in his head demanded.
Going back to the bus after a long day of winning was a great feeling.
Just kidding. Hello! I am SO excited to post this chapter for you, you have NO idea. I really hope you like this chapter more than the last one. I'm in the mood for some reunion, yeah?
He toyed with the controls slightly, eyeing the altimeter as he soared over the sleeping towns and cities below him. He was nearing the Paine Field airport, so he’d have a whole lot of jumbo jets and civilians in his airspace soon. He needed to stay low, but remain a respectful distance from the ground. The F-18 Growler squadrons stationed at Whidbey already received enough noise complaints. They didn’t need a Lightning pilot coming in to earn them even more flack because Dean had buzzed the mainland on his approach. He’d never hear the end of it from them.
Dean was knocked out of his thoughts by a not-so-gentle hand slapping his back and then gripping his bicep roughly. “What the fuck were you doing?” a gravel-rough, irritated voice demanded.
But seeing Dean’s face when he came in the door on Monday was a whole new experience. Castiel didn’t think he’d ever seen anyone look so utterly
“Was good.” Dean shrugged. He followed Castiel into the living room, sitting down with the slow movements of someone whose body was aching inside and out. Castiel read the winces of pain on his husband’s face and mentally scheduled a morning massage tomorrow. He was pretty sure they still had some massage oil in the bedside table’s drawers... “Just a routine patrol, really,” Dean said, bringing Castiel back to the present. “I don’t even have to do much paperwork to get the plane sent back. They have one of their pilots taking it out tomorrow. I don’t know what he’ll do, but I think he’s staying on the carrier for a while, so that’s good.”
Thank you for every hit, kudos, and comment. Y'all are amazing. See you soon!
The only thing that didn’t please Castiel was the bruise on Dean’s cheekbone. It was more of a cut, really. It looked like he’d been struck by someone wearing a ring. Dean assured Castiel that he’d just gotten into an argument with a guy over a parking space. Castiel wasn’t so sure, but he’d never seen Michael in person. He had no idea if he wore rings.
He wondered at the connection he’d felt to Dean. He wondered at the light in the prince’s eyes, the beauty he’d found in those green irises. Castiel wondered at the unbelievable honor and bravery that lay beneath the surface of the prince’s sarcastic, fiery exterior.
Castiel was usually around to gently try to get him to eat something small, like half a sandwich or a sliced up apple. It usually worked, but now that he wasn’t here, Dean was going to have to work extra hard to convince himself.
Castiel set his sights for the human kingdom of Lawrence, his heart swelling at the idea of seeing Dean again. He could patch this up between them. He
“I don’t fucking
, he wrote.
Dean wondered if it was possible to die of humiliation. He felt like it. He wanted to sink into the floor and disappear. He was pretty sure his face was so red it would be dangerous if it got any hotter. He wanted to hide somewhere, where Jo and Michael couldn’t see him.
. Or possibly something like,
fine.
So… why did Dean feel… ashamed?
“You could have woken me up.”
“Facing each other.”
It was summertime, so the sun lasted longer. It was nearing nine o’clock at night when they caught their first sight of the ocean. Dean practically plastered himself against the window when he saw it, simultaneously breaking Castiel’s heart and lifting it when he cried out with joy. They were still an hour or so away from a place where they could feasibly make contact with the water, but Castiel could tell Dean cherished every view of the ocean he could get. Castiel felt strangely satisfied and guilty when he had to make a turn into a forest, pulling them a few miles away from the coast. He wasn’t sure what to make of that.
Dean whimpered on the floor, head throbbing. His stomach felt a little bit better, but his chest ached with shame and intense humiliation. His cheek felt hot where Michael had hit him. “Michael, I’m sorry—”
Castiel squeezed his eyes shut, knowing he was only torturing himself with thoughts like that. He froze as Dean shifted, heart clenching as Dean attempted to tuck himself even closer to Castiel’s body.
Their house was dark and quiet when he pulled into the driveway. Castiel shut off his car and slammed the door, hurrying inside. He nearly tripped over a pair of Dean’s boots as he went in, a soft curse leaving his lips at the dark, empty kitchen. Whenever Dean was upset, he either cleaned or worked out, and he was nowhere in his usual places. Where the hell was his Alpha?
“I don’t know,” he said aloud. “I… I don’t know what to think.”
Dean groaned. “I knew I shouldn’t have introduced you to Sammy.”
, a voice whispered in Castiel’s head,
Castiel quietly took notes on the merman’s whole torso, noting the shininess of the not-scales that were printed all along his skin. They were beautiful, really. They got more and more common as they ran down his abdomen, eventually congregating to create the start of his tail.
Woohoo! Four of five! Trigger warnings for some sprinkles of Dean's self-worth issues, as well as an even lighter dusting of mentions of child abuse. Also, warnings for intense idiocy. ;)
“Well good for him,” Dean hissed. “If he’s such a great guy, why don’t you go get that stupid fucking number from Gabriel and see exactly what kind of a gentleman he can be!”
The dragon gently laid the unconscious human in his claws down on the edge of the nest. The prince was soaking wet, most likely from the fly over the river they’d made on the way down. His skin, which had been the color of ash and dirt when Castiel had pulled him from Alastair’s cave, was now the pale, unhealthy white of a creature who hadn’t seen the sun in months.
Clyde Barker was not a violent man. Sure, in life he’d once punched someone for trying to touch his girlfriend inappropriately, and a few years ago he’d caused a drink to be dumped on the boy trying to roofie it at a party a few apartments down. He’d never physically hurt anyone, though, and he supposed that was why no one had bothered him in return.
Castiel gritted his teeth, a trickle of defensiveness flooding in. “I have more self-control than most.”
Dean stepped back silently, armor shifting seamlessly on his body. Castiel closed his eyes and willed the change to take place, the familiar feeling of pins and needles descending over his human form. He could feel the wind increase on his face, could feel his wings getter larger and more powerful. When the tingling had stopped, Castiel spread them, feeling the tug of the breeze. He could tell which direction it was coming from, which was nice. His tail snapped open.
Cas gave him a shaky smile. “Good. Do so.”
That being said, sometimes I feel kinda down, and then I open my dashboard and find thirty-six people to respond to. THAT IS NOT A BAD THING, it's just... A Lot. Please don't feel offended if I don't answer your comment. Often, it isn't you at all (unless you're being mean). Most of the time, it's just my stupid brain deciding to be Tired and Sad.
jeans, if the situation called for it. What he was wearing right now could be considered ‘dressing up,’ at least in his book.
For those of you who are already accustomed to the Speed Rollercoaster: prepare yourselves.
Dean turned to eye the man sitting near the back wall of the tavern. He was watching their conversation, and at the mention of his name, he stood up, walking with a sort of swagger over to where Dean sat and Ketch stood.
Alrighty, everyone. I'm gonna start off with a warning: this is one of the heaviest chapters in the story. :(
Castiel stepped into the shower with him once he was naked, arms immediately going around Dean. Dean had been expecting maybe a little of that sexual activity they’d been talking about earlier, but the moment his angel tucked him against his chest, Dean was a goner. He closed his eyes, letting the warm water of the shower hit the side of his shoulders and face.
Castiel turned to stare at the prince in amazement. Dean wasn’t looking at him, eyes focused on the way the water rippled when he moved his hands under the surface. He didn’t look up until the silence stretched to something uncomfortable.
Dean’s eyes had gone wide, the forests and valleys in his irises staring into the oceans of Castiel’s. “Cas,” he breathed, the ghost of warm air brushing across Castiel’s lips.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Happy birthday, Cas,” Dean said, grinning at him.
, Castiel thought. He cursed softly under his breath, the sound lost in the rattle of the air conditioner.
When he and his version of Dean had first started their disciplinary dynamic, Cas had made some mistakes. He’d punished Dean, but he’d forgotten to hold him afterward. He’d done things that Dean didn’t like, and he’d hurt him because of it. He’d had to learn—through trial and error and Dean’s own, beautiful self—what worked and what didn’t. And Cas was terrified that this younger, colder version of himself wouldn’t know how to take care of this younger, softer Dean.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay. What are some differences between you and him?” Dean asked. Castiel looked a little confused, but he proceeded to list them off anyway.
Dean flushed darkly, the color making his freckles stand out. “I guess you will.” He kissed Castiel again, just once, on the lips.
“I couldn’t do that to you, Cas,” Dean said quietly.
Alright, that's all I've got for you today. See you on Christmas!
“Good. I suppose I’ll have to talk to the captain of the security. This kind of thing is unacceptable,” Castiel said. He took his hands away from Dean’s ears and sat back, calm now that the water was beginning to settle and the threat was gone. He watched Dean rub at his poor ears for a little longer, then brought up the thing he’d been wondering since he’d first started talking to Dean. “Dean, where did you learn English? The few merpeople they’ve managed to bring up from the ocean before have never been able to speak our language.”
Dean huffed a small laugh. “Yeah…”
.” It was impossible to breathe up here. He was gasping and not getting enough oxygen. His chest felt like it was being weighed down with a mountain. “Oh gods. C-Cas, I’m sorry. I’m sorry, p-please don’t drop me.
But he’d made a promise. Castiel wasn’t his soulmate, Michael was. Castiel
“Why are you so invested in this?”
“Jesus, Cassie. Cool it with the door,” he said over his shoulder as said door banged into the wall with the force in which Castiel had opened it.
“I observed the shape of your tail and the positioning of your fins,” Castiel said, once the conversation turned to exactly
*Whispers* Now would be a great time to take a break/drink some water, you silly human. ;)
“I need to clean your face and look at your nose,” Castiel said. He frowned, muttering the next part seemingly to himself. “Who
“I said my mom and dad—”
He was worried that things were going to get awkward. They’d both been pretty into it the night before. The pleasant ache of Dean’s muscles was testament enough to that. Dean wasn’t so sure what Castiel would think now, though. The morning tended to shine light on things not previously thought about. What would Dean do if Castiel was ashamed of what they’d done? It was the same problem he’d faced last night, except with different reasons. Where would he go if Castiel kicked him out or something? What would he do about school? What would happen to—
“Yes,” Castiel said, nodding slowly. He had much to think about. “Yes, I am.”
He shouldn’t have sent Castiel away. He shouldn’t have ignored the doctor, shouldn’t have wiped that excited, kind-of-adorable smile off his face.
“True,” Dean agreed easily. “What’re you gonna do about that?” He nodded at the window, where red and blue still flashed by periodically. Across the street, a dog howled in tandem with the sirens.
“You’ll be fine,” Castiel said. His voice was soothing and confident. It was the most he’d voluntarily said to Dean all week. “Go slow if you need to. Everyone knows this swim is brutal. No one will judge if it takes you half an hour or even an hour.” He looked serious. Dean knew it wouldn’t take him an
“I didn’t
drool.” He reached past the cheap curtain and turned on the water, turning to smile at Castiel. Castiel smiled back. It felt good to be standing here, next to Dean. He’d expected it to be awkward, but everything inside of him just felt... settled.
Dean gave him a warm smile to show he didn’t mean any harm, then turned and winked at Sam. “Don’t take it personally, Sammy. He doesn’t like to share.”
“Cas,” Dean says again, and Castiel understands that he can’t really communicate right now. Instead of doing anything, he slides down to curl around Dean as best he can, running soothing hands up and down his hunter’s sides and back. It seems to be the right thing to do, because Dean turns to him and buries his face in Castiel’s chest.
It was lit in here too, lightbulbs stacked with crates in various places. Dean’s eyes widened at the familiar plastic packaging of illegal drugs. There was a
“What did they do? How long were they in here?” Castiel asked. He cursed himself and how long he’d taken to get ready. All that time he’d been dawdling with his coffee, Dean had been getting physically assaulted. “I’m sorry I didn’t come sooner.”
Missouri and Benny nodded. “You have our word, dragon. We won’t harm him any more than we need,” Missouri said gravely. She waited for Castiel’s reluctant nod of acceptance, and then she turned to Benny and began to immediately order him to do things.
Castiel nodded appraisingly when he came back. “Good. You’re going to want to do a little more, though. Get your feet down lower, too, so you have more of an angle.” He pressed his hand against Dean’s ankle, shoving it down the wall a little. His hand automatically cupped Dean’s lower back as he demonstrated the curve. “You need to arch even more.”
, Castiel!”
Dean smelled of something delicious, like the salt of the sea and the sweet citrus of the shampoo he’d used the night before. There was something else, something uniquely
When they reached the beach again, Dean saw the glittering lake and squirmed slightly.
Six years later, Azazel came to collect his payment. He decided on Sammy, Dean’s precious younger brother.
now. We’re going later,” Dean said. He poured the coffee when it was ready and walked over to hand Castiel his mug, shivering a little at the brush of their fingertips over the warm ceramic. “Drink up, huggy bear.”
He followed the snaking, wide curve of the Silver River, the spray from the rapids soaking his underbelly and claws. Castiel’s wings pounded ripples into the surface of the raging water, the disturbance more visible as the river smoothed out and became glassy as it reached its destination.
“Good. Make sure you’re first, yeah?” John’s glower told Dean he’d
!” Castiel shouted, upset beyond belief. It wasn’t at Dean, of course it wasn’t, but he wasn’t able to distinguish between the two right now. “You just said that you wouldn’t lie down and take a beating you don’t deserve! So what the hell does that mean for the beatings you
He’d had plenty of time to reflect on that in Alastair’s cave.
Smiling a little, he happily climbed back onto the bus to head back to their hotel room when it was time to go. The only thing that could have made the afternoon any better came true when Coach Shurley turned around just as the bus started and called back, “Novak, Winchester? You’re rooming!”
The Omega snuffled in his sleep and held his bee closer to his chest, completely unaware of the Alpha imploding beside him.
“’Course I did, Mikey. You didn’t really think I’d let you run this shit after Daddy died, did you? I’m sick and tired of being second,” Lucifer hissed. “At least with the Demons, my talents are appreciated.”
“You are… You’re correct,” Castiel said, and his wings were drooping now, seeming just as exhausted as Dean. “Our species are too divided. I-“ He stopped, eyes going wide.
“No,” Castiel said, feeling an odd trickle of regret at the word. He hesitated, then added, “Not yet.”
He looked so beautiful then, his wet hair swept off his forehead, his green eyes glowing like liquid fire in the moonlight. For a moment, it was impossible to think of anything other than him.
, and he could still hear the screams of the creatures trapped in that stupid fucking net. It enraged him, made his eyes heat and his chest twist with fury. Reflected on his hands and the rusted metal of the cord, green light glowed. Dean’s powers were lighting him up, making him glow like a fucking lamp.
“Awesome,” Dean said, grinning. He and Castiel drove down to California every summer to see his little brother and soak up some of the sun they were missing in Washington. It was easily one of the highlights of Dean’s year.
In the darkness provided by his shut eyelids, he remembered the look of shock and fear in Ishim’s eyes before he’d gone. The look of pain and sadness in Dean’s before he’d gone, too. Both of them were gone because of Castiel. Because of mistakes and choices that he'd made.
Castiel did the same thing as before, charging straight at Alastair, only to pull off last second with a blast of fire in the other dragon’s direction. It became a pattern. They would fly straight at him, fire arrows and fireballs, duck the answering attack, circle around, and do it again. It was a deadly dance, one that had Dean’s heart thundering in his chest.
Castiel frowned, considering. “What do you want?”
Despite the circumstances and the implications behind the action, Castiel couldn’t help but feel a flicker of proud warmth every time Dean chose to seek protection in
Castiel swallowed thickly. “I… I hurt him. I hit him and threw him out into the rain. He isn’t with me anymore.”
“You are,” Castiel agreed. Dean hesitated, glancing up at Castiel again, something beautiful and soft in his green eyes. He opened his mouth, then closed it, seeming to hesitate on the verge of saying something. Castiel felt his heart in his throat for what had to be the eighth time that day. “Yes?” He almost held his breath. Dean looked back at him, that same soft look in his eyes.
Castiel didn't care what Ishim and the rest of them thought about him, but the
, though Dean lived in fear of the day he would. It was certainly held over his head, just like the threat of having both his legs broken.
“Now we sleep?” Dean asked, sounding unsure.
“I did,” Castiel said, setting a plate down in front of himself so he could start cutting it with their pie-slicer. “And I’m cutting your piece for you, since you are
Castiel stepped forward, brushing past her. “What does he need and where is it?”
Alfie frowned. “No. I would have known him right away. I didn’t see anyone like that. I saw Dagon Knight, but—”
“Did he grant it?” one of the female guards asked, voice hushed. The wind howled around them, making the High Tower groan.
“Mornin’, angel,” Dean said. His voice was raspy and deep, as if he hadn’t spoken since he’d risen from the bed that morning. “Everything okay?”
Castiel simply hums happily and reaches up to card a gentle hand through Dean’s hair. “Me too, Dean. Me too.”
It didn’t take a genius to figure out what ‘this’ meant, to read into the shaky tremble that just barely underlined Dean’s words. Castiel pulled away, recognizing that tremble as insecurity. “Do you want to?”
Benny snorted, nodding. “Yeah. He’s doing just fine, but he wants you to take over as soon as possible. Says he’s already got enough gray hairs as it is.”
“Get… Get the fuck off me!” Dean shouted, spitting the gag out of his mouth. “Leave me alone, get... get off.” Dean’s eyes widened as he realized who was kneeling in front of him, filling with heartbreaking tears just a few seconds after. “C-Cas?”
See you soon!
Dean made a variation of macaroni and cheese and got a ninety-five percent on his quarter final. He cooked quinoa instead of macaroni and sprinkled in his own battle-tested combination of spices, along with green onions, bacon, and malt vinegar.
Castiel rumbled approvingly, flaring his tail wide in a motion that both slowed them and also balanced his body in the air. Dean had only a few seconds to read the flick of the dragon’s ears before he was rolling his weight to the left, moving seamlessly with the dragon as they spiraled through the air. Castiel flared his tail once, and they flattened out.
“Have fun, Dean.”
Castiel tracks Dean down later in the day and gives him his second hug, while he’s cleaning guns at the map table. The hunter gives a surprised grunt, but he turns his head to accept Castiel’s additional kiss all the same.
The entire ride to the restaurant, Dean tried to ignore the cold spot on his shoulder where Castiel’s hand had rested.
His sobs had been reduced to hitching breaths now, hiccups and soft exhales of noise. His tears had slowed too, though Dean knew that he’d likely soaked Castiel’s neck and the collar of his shirt. His hands had gone numb from how hard he’d been clutching at his angel’s clothes. Dean only just now noticed that Castiel had been gently rocking them back and forth.
The whipping post. The stake. The screaming. Castiel.
“My name is Castiel,” Castiel replied, drawing himself up. “Who are you?” He knew who Michael was. He supposed he was choosing conflict over peace already.
“What do you have planned for the rest of the night?” he asked as he gathered up the clothes he’d be wearing underneath the suit.
, Dean-o. And I can’t
faster than even talking about sex ever could. Sex is easy, he supposes. It means making his partner happy, doing what they ask, and giving them pleasure. Castiel’s attempts to hug him at all hours of the day don’t offer Dean any opportunity to do anything in return. Sure, he can hug his angel back, but that doesn’t feel like… enough.
” Ishim demanded, tail rising high behind him in a threatening gesture. He bared his teeth in a sneer. “
“My God, Dean, I was so worried,” Castiel breathed, throat vibrating with the rumble of his voice. “You were screaming—I thought someone was hurting you or something.”
, he hit the gas.
Anna’s mouth tightened. “I won’t condemn you right away. I have a feeling that’s happened too much in the past few years. I will allow you to explain yourself before I make my judgement in how I should deal with finding you here.”
Castiel, God bless him, didn’t push. He merely frowned and nodded.
Castiel stalked over to the guard who still had his electric prod poised over the water, ripping it from his grip and turning it off. He practically threw it at the man, disgusted. The guard that he’d pulled off of Dean was glaring at him now, that same vindictive hatred still lingering in his eyes. It struck Castiel that this might not be just a misunderstanding of orders; these guards might have actually sought Dean out to torment him in a sick sense of vengeance.
Castiel frowned, staring hard at the road ahead of them. They were walking along a long, flat dirt road. To their right, the irrigation canal flowed. To the left, Lawrence’s shopping centers and residential areas laid. It was calming here, pleasant. The sun was a little hot, but Dean didn’t mind. He was used to it. Summers in Lawrence were always blistering, anyway.
But Castiel was a dragon. Dean remembered the awe he’d felt in seeing him fly, remembered how incredibly majestic Castiel had seemed at that time. It seemed wrong to allow such a powerful creature to die in the mud, unable to even fight back because of a silver net. There was honor in killing a dragon with wits and strength, but only when the dragon was able to do the same. Azazel had died by grappling hook and spear, yes, but he’d fought for three days straight and had died honorably. These villagers weren’t about to allow Castiel the chance to do the same.
It was a blatant lie, but Garth was kind enough to let it go.
it is. I know it’s wrong. But Cas, what… What the hell am I gonna do if this doesn’t work out?” He looked at Castiel desperately, tears streaming unhindered from his eyes.
He supposed he could stop eating pie. He could probably work out more, too. Go for runs, spend more time in the gym. He needed to stop eating so much, anyway. That was something even Sam had told him, once. He ate a lot and he ate it fast. Dean guessed it was some residual habit from when he was a kid and wasn’t sure whether the food in front of him was going to last.
“Dean’s working late,” Castiel bit out. “Today’s perfect.”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” Michael cut in. “That’s way more solid than any of the other stuff you’ve shared. Purgatory is
Castiel, strangely, seemed to have chosen clothes that were all his own instead of Dean’s. Dean’s socks and boxers were there, but the sweatpants, soft shirt, and hoodie were all Castiel’s. Dean put the clothes on anyway, reveling in the warm, comforting scent of his friend. Castiel smelled of citrus and mint, along with something sweet and earthy that seemed to belong uniquely to him. The smell and comfortable clothes helped ease some of the tension from Dean’s shoulders.
He felt fragile, breakable, weak. His legs trembled as he walked up the slightly sloped driveway. He felt like he needed to sit down, or maybe just take a breather. It wasn’t an unusual feeling, just one of the many things that Dean had gotten used to. His head spun when he even stood up. He zoned out when he drove for more than four hours straight. He got tired holding a shotgun up.
“Why Dean?” Jo asked, stepping forward a little so she could see Castiel around Benny. “Why him, of all humans?”
“Of course I will!” Dean said, turning to look at Castiel in horror. “I wouldn’t bail on you guys.”
No one noticed him. He was a dusty traveler, just like the rest of them. It was only as he got nearer to the castle, where the houses started getting nicer and everyone was riding a horse, that people began to notice. They turned to look at him and his shabby clothes, his unspectacular horse and his hidden face. Dean didn’t spare any of them a glance. He was too close now to stop.
He didn’t even remember
“Have you apologized?” Benny asked, sounding incredulous and maybe a little disgusted. “The rest of the team’s been walking on eggshells ever since you two idiots broke up.”
Dean laughed, throwing his head back against the pillow. “Oh God, don’t mention the relay team while we’re laying here covered in each other’s jizz,” he said, squeezing his eyes shut. “Shit, that’s funny.”
As soon as the door slipped shut behind her, Dean turned his head to find soft blue eyes watching him. “She speaks strangely,” Castiel remarked quietly. It wasn’t a cruel or demeaning comment, just an observation. Dean tapped his ears in response, hoping the dragon would understand what he was trying to convey. Castiel frowned a little, then brightened. “She can’t hear?” Dean nodded vigorously. Castiel looked impressed now. “That’s incredible.”
Castiel let him lead the way out of the motel room. On a whim, he looked up at the sky, figuring if they were stuck in this situation because of a meteor shower, they should at least appreciate it. Castiel had been expecting a few streaks of light, maybe some in quick succession, so he wasn’t prepared for the beauty that awaited him when he looked up. He inhaled sharply as his eyes met the heavens above them. “Oh, Dean… Look at the stars.”
Castiel closed the car door with a sigh and turned, eyes widening. Dean was standing right behind him, smiling a little. “I walked all the way here,” he said, grinning, eyes bright with pride in himself. “I brought this for you.” He held up the shotgun happily.
“Bye, Cas.”
“Moving on now,” Dean muttered. He gave Castiel a side-glance, then turned back to his brother. “When’d they let you out of the dungeons?”
Castiel swallowed. The implications of the statement, of what ‘this’ meant, threatened to choke the breath from his lungs. “I don’t know,” he finally said. He hesitated, hoping,
counterproductive. It continued to happen, though. Thankfully, there were no epic shouting matches, but still… Dean wanted to plunge his machete into Castiel’s chest most of the time.
“Dean, we don’t have time—”
Dean frowned, a little lost, until he realized that she was talking about
He didn’t.
“Not sure I can trust you either,” Dean bit out before he could think, hurt and angry. He felt raw and vulnerable, and he lashed out before he could think to do anything different. His eyes widened immediately after as he realized what he’d said, Castiel’s face flashing with something that looked almost like betrayal.
. “It doesn’t matter who wins, Dad. The War on Syphon just needs to end. Cas-“
Dean smiled as he caught the hoodie. He pulled it over his head, shivering again as he wrapped his arms around himself. Despite his broad shoulders, the hoodie still looked a little big on him in the chest and shoulder department. The sleeves were just long enough to cover his hands. Castiel bit his lip harder.
“Cas, it’s fine—” Dean tried, attempting to pull his wrist away from Castiel’s grip.
Making his way over, Dean met his brother halfway. They paused near an outcropping of rock partially obscured by waving fronds of massive kelp. Dean flicked his tail so he was upright, frowning worriedly at his brother. “
. It wasn’t about who was at fault and who was right. The point was that they were in danger! Dean didn’t seem to care, though.
, but crap am I bad at-“
,” Castiel hissed, feeling some of his tears break free and slip down his cheeks. “I never should have let this happen in the first place. I
“Uh, I don’t really know, hold on,” Dean said, frowning as he tried to remember. “I think I need… paprika. And garlic powder.”
Castiel’s lips curled into a predatory smile. “Better.” He leaned in to kiss Dean again, and when his husband reached up to loop his arms around his neck, Castiel reached under his hips to pick him up off the ground completely. He swallowed the squeak of surprise Dean emitted, relished the taste of his husband’s mouth. Dean’s rock-hard dick pressed into Castiel’s stomach, reminding him of what other pleasures lay beyond ravaging his mouth.
“You are very odd,” the Alpha remarked in his rumbling, impossibly deep voice.
to stay on this boat?
. They weren’t even in the
“C’mon, Cassie, we were just teasing,” Luke said, carefully plucking Castiel’s knife out from between his legs. “I’m sure Dean-o’s got plenty of good shit to tell us. Just as long as he isn’t a Demon spy, of course.”
was elated. He called Sammy on the way to the bus and excitedly told him that they were going to Regionals next week, and then State the week after. Sam sounded like he was jumping up and down when he told Dean how excited he was for him.
. Dean kept a tight hold of the controls, maintaining his direction with difficulty.
“That’s fine,” Castiel said, voice surprisingly gentle. “How about eating something now?”
~Speed
That didn’t matter now, though. No matter how good of a fighter or how hot his fire was, if Alastair caught him now, he was going to die. That meant he needed to rely on his flight skills.
“I… I don’t know,” Castiel said, thinking that it sounded horrible. “I suppose.”
Castiel wasn’t sure how he and Dean made it out of the water, just that they ended up staggering off the bulkhead with their arms around each other, barely able to breathe from laughing. The referee rolled her eyes at them as they passed, but Castiel thought he could catch a quirk of amusement on her lips. He didn’t really care. The feeling of Dean’s body, warm and wet and
, you know—”
. Just... weird. He pulled his shirt on and his sweatpants up, then exited the bathroom quietly, looking around for Castiel.
“Sure thing, buddy,” Dean replied. He patted a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. “You should probably get going. Wouldn’t wanna make Arthur wait, right?” He looked like he was gargling glass.
Oh, absolutely not.
With a desperate burst of speed, Sam swam in front of Dean and grabbed his forearm. His hazel eyes were glowing with distress, bright in the dim waters. His power pulsed just underneath his skin, bronze-brown glowing through his gills and the faint outline of scales on his skin. He was terrified, and the look made something horrible twist in Dean’s chest. It was his job to protect Sam. It had been his job since their father had been impaled on the harpoon of a frightened fisherman. The last thing Dean wanted was to make his little brother feel scared or unsure.
“Fuck you,” Dean spluttered. Garth, who’d been watching Dean’s half of the conversation, widened his eyes comically. “He’s my
“No, no, it’s… It’s not that,” Castiel said. He almost wished it was.
thing.
. I wish Michael was
go to the store and you don’t come.”
Outside, it was freezing and beginning to rain. Dean walked blearily to his car, taking a moment to rest his forehead on the steering wheel once he’d climbed inside.
bitch to Castiel about how many hickeys he had on his throat, and then he’d spend twenty minutes smugly covering them with makeup.
Michael was shaking his head before she was even finished with the sentence. “No, none of those are right. They’ll make his skin tone look bad, not to mention how garish his eye color will be. Choose something a little darker. Dean, let her do her job, for God’s sake.” He shook his head and looked back down at his book.
“That’s my cue,” Dean said, looking up to see Castiel still watching him. His friend gave him a soft smile.
SO, I decided to give you another chapter. It's the best I can do, since I can't travel to all of your houses and give you each a hug. :( I wish that was a possibility. As it is, this is all I've got. I hope you like it! Enjoy some fluff. ;)
Dean snorted, shouting at Castiel over the wind, “Don’t think I don’t know what you’re doing!”
He’d probably have a dagger nearby, because that was how Dean was. Perhaps under his pillow, or even strapped to his wrist. Despite the tranquility of his face, he’d probably be sleeping lightly, ready to wake at a moment’s notice.
He was so tired that it took him a second to remember all his numbers as he logged his flight hours. Dean finished and tiredly grabbed his things, exchanging his flight bag for his gear bag, slinging both across his shoulders as he left the base. His boots squeaked on the linoleum floors of the lobby. They were still damp from rainwater.
“May I have it?” Castiel asked impatiently, holding his hand out. “I’ve rethought my previous decision.”
“Dean, beloved?” Castiel asks when Dean finishes the water.
“Yes, sir,” she said, sounding as if she was attempting to be as cheerful as possible. “It fits him like a glove.”
I have a gift for you! It's a Christmas fic called Evergreen. I'll try to link it somewhere, but it'll kind of be a struggle. Again, I am not a great person with tech. Whoops.
“Okay,” Dean said, a little relieved. “Not that I don’t wanna go with you, buddy, I just…”
that I’m small and weak?”
“Mean what?” he asked quietly, trying to figure out which hand his gauntlet went on.
As Dean told him hunting stories, Castiel marveled at his way of speaking. It was childish, beautifully elegant, harsh, exotic, and crude, all at the same time. He was just as likely to adorably sound out a longer, more complicated word as he was to throw in an equally-as-long curse word. His grammar and sentences were short and juvenile in most places, which was a fascinating pairing with his elegant accent. He spoke with the words of a Midwestern country boy and the accent of a foreign dignitary.
were you thinking? You could have killed him!” He hesitated, then added, “We
Gods, he wished he could apologize. He wished he could go back and find Dean, wished he could make everything go back to how it was. To the days basking on the lake in the sunshine, to the summer flights, to watching the sunset on Eden. To the gentle, light atmosphere that had descended between him and that ridiculously amazing little human.
Castiel walked over to his nest, which was a large dip in the stone floor. He’d heated the stone himself when he'd first arrived in this cave, pounding the rock into the crater-shape he’d wanted. After he’d let it cool, Castiel had lined it with wool from mountain sheep and soft things from human travelers unlucky enough to cross his path.
No, Castiel decided. Dean didn’t need to ever know. Especially since it hadn’t
Eventually, Dean drifted off to sleep. Castiel cleaned him up and tucked him into bed, following murmured directions from Cas. He was beginning to understand how this worked. Cas promised that it would get clearer as time went on and he understood his charge more. He promised that Castiel and Dean would grow closer, as long as they were kind to each other.
“That’s fine, Cas,” Dean replied, something in his chest warming at Castiel’s concern. “I’ll be A-okay. I’ve been working that job for years. I never had any trouble before.”
“That is also something that could be remedied,” Castiel replied, smiling dryly in the darkness. “I know how important making love is to you.”
Dean blinked, smiling as Castiel appeared. He read into the confusion on the doctor’s face and remembered what he’d been doing. Or, well, what he was
He could tell that all three of his relay teammates were nervous. They displayed it in different ways. Cam stalked up and down the pool deck, unable to sit still. Benny put all of his nervous energy into shouting himself hoarse, screaming encouragements at their teammates in the water. Castiel just stood there, arms crossed, glaring at the water with unfocused eyes and a sort of predatory stillness. Dean wasn’t sure what he was thinking about.
Dean let his angel wash his hair, his eyes shut the entire time. He wasn’t feeling sleepy, not yet. Everything felt soft and warm right now, and he savored it. He could feel guilty about being so useless and needy later. Right now, even his crippling self-worth issues couldn’t distract him from the heavenly feeling of Castiel massaging shampoo into his scalp.
Castiel stopped following Dean, frowning.
“We’ll get you that record, Cas,” Dean said. “Don’t you worry.”
that, asshole. I went to seventh grade, thank you,” Dean grumbled. He wasn’t really upset, and he conveyed it by nudging Castiel lightly as he set a plate of bacon down in front of him. “Do you want some eggs too?”
who you belong to, and then I’m going to fuck you into the mattress to make sure you don’t forget.” Castiel raised an eyebrow, leaning in until he could feel the warm, rabbit-quick puffs of Dean’s breath against his chest. “Understand?”
just another monster fight. And Castiel... he was just as bad as the giant squid, or the shark, or the eel and pufferfish and all the other creatures Dean had fought all his life. Castiel was just another monster, just another scar with a story to tell.
, too driven by hatred to stop! It won’t stop. Never.”
Yay, we know what Castiel's specialty is! I know that a few of you really wanted to know when I hinted earlier. There you go. ;)
He knew it was foolish to return here, but he'd wanted to see his former home one more time before he headed over the Ryuu mountains to the east. He needed to get away from this valley. Maybe if he flew far enough, he would find a place that had never heard of Castiel, the bluefire dragon. Castiel, the killer. Castiel, the traitor. He'd planned to rest somewhere for a night and then start traveling east in the morning. His sentimentality might get him killed, but honestly, Castiel didn’t really care at this point. Dean had left, and he’d taken all the color and life in the world with him. At this point, if a garrison showed up wanting his head, he'd let them have it.
They drove until sundown, stopping in a significantly larger town to stay the night. The motel had plenty of rooms available, most of which had two beds. Dean was almost disappointed when he opened the door and found two separate mattresses waiting for them. Castiel just looked relieved.
“John-“ Bobby tried from behind Dean, his voice loaded with an anxiety that sent dread racing through Dean’s veins.
The theme for the next few chapters is: Look At How In Love With Each Other These Two Fucks Are.
He supposed there hadn’t really been an adjustment period. Sure, he’d fought his feelings for a week or so, but he’d sort of accepted that he liked Dean Winchester as more than a friend early on. What was the point of fighting what was so obviously the truth? Dean was magnetic, as impossible to dislike as it was to resist the force of gravity. Castiel had tried his hardest, but he’d fallen prey to Dean’s charming eyes and sweet personality way easier than he’d like to admit.
Thanks, y'all! Love you lots. :)
Dean managed a shy smile. “In the cabinet.” He nodded over at the cabinet that stood between both their beds.
. Dean jolted, nearly toppling off the side. He instinctively went to clutch the saddle horn that wasn’t there, then ended up nearly poking a hole in his hand with one of the spikes that made up Castiel’s ridge.
“Is something wrong?”
Clyde wondered. He wasn’t able to physically talk or appear to Castiel or Dean. He’d tried it a few times over the course of the past few months. Short of writing something out with ink or on the bathroom mirror, Clyde wasn’t sure what to do. All those options were painfully blunt, not to mention crude.
.” Michael ran a hand through his dark hair, huffing out an angry breath. “I know. But if they’re kidnapping our members and Luke is AWOL, we need time to regroup and consider our information. Give it three weeks. Ishim can hold out that long.”
He found it a few hundred yards around a bend in the road, glittering and warm and foreign. The sounds of human voices, of women and children and the whinnying of horses, reached Dean’s ears.
Castiel braced his hands on the edge of the sink. The muscles of his forearms showed in the soft lights of the kitchen. It would have been hot in any other situation. “You said you were going to be here
, he thought.
Dean obeyed with a gasping shout. Ejaculate covered Castiel’s hand and got on his clothes. He silently willed it away, watching how Dean’s body arched beautifully in response to the pleasure coursing through him.
“We’ll be doing more than enough for that,” Castiel muttered. He pulled away from Dean, trailing his hands away from the prince’s shoulder. “Stay here. I’m going to check the position of the sun. Alastair will attack at sundown, most likely.”
“No,” Castiel said. He looked back down at his phone. “That was what he was asking. There’s still time to back out.”
Castiel’s back was to him. He was elbows-deep in a sink of soapy water, clean dishes sparkling in the dish drainer beside it. He was wearing a black shirt that Dean was fairly sure was his own. It was tight around Castiel’s shoulders and arms. The sweatpants he was wearing added to the comfortable, homely look. It made Dean’s chest ache a little.
“Yeah,” Dean said. He’d have to throw together something. He was pretty sure he still had one in the back of his closet, but he wasn’t sure it would fit. “You’re picking me up at seven?”
Castiel chuckled softly, leaning up to press a gentle kiss to the tip of Dean’s nose. He pulled away to stumble off their bed, ignoring the protesting whine his husband emitted at being left alone. Castiel ducked into the bathroom to wet a washcloth, waiting the extra sixty seconds for the water to warm up so Dean didn’t complain. When he’d attained a sufficiently warmed, dampened cloth, Castiel went back into the bedroom to his sleepy husband.
to. Closing his eyes wouldn’t make the problems go away. It would just make them worse.
He took a break from his toast to eat the cut up fruit on the side. “This was a good idea. I would gladly miss class for this,” he admitted.
Castiel holds his tie in front of Dean’s face for a moment, allowing the hunter to see what it is and what’s about to happen. He watches Dean’s face carefully, searching for any signs of discomfort or fear. There’s nothing, just beautiful, simmering arousal that makes Dean’s green eyes darken in the soft light of the lamp on the bedside table.
He knew how to handle anger. He knew how to handle frustration, or apathy, or disgust. Castiel had prepared himself for any one of those. What he hadn’t expected was... sadness.
“Yeah,” Dean whispered. “Gonna do all the work. You must be tired, after winning all those races today.” He bit his lip, hands sliding down Castiel’s shoulders. “God, your butterfly is so hot.”
Castiel always finished changing first, since he had lifeguard training as a class right before he had to go to the swim meet. Dean showed up early too, though Castiel didn’t really know why. It meant that they were often the first ones on the pool deck, dressed in their team suits and ready to go. Dean was the only person standing next to Castiel as they looked at the event list for the day.
Castiel kicked Alastair’s long-limbed body out of the way, disgusted both by the blood splattered all over the wall and the man himself. He’d hit the scientist good in the face. Whether Alastair survived or not wasn’t up to him now.
Dean, the one who’s sending you all that sappy lovey-dovey
He didn’t. If he did, well... Dean didn’t know. He spent the rest of practice discreetly ogling Castiel, glancing over every now and then when he thought he wouldn’t be noticed, heart twisting all over again every time he caught a glimpse.
“I talked to someone interesting today,” he said, not looking at Castiel as they dodged a group of drunk Betas and Omegas that were stumbling loudly down the street.
to hug Dean. It sounded stupid, but Dean always had his arms on top of someone else when he was hugging them. When he was hugging Castiel, he could tuck his arms underneath his friend’s and let himself be held for once.
At this point, it was pure rage that was driving Dean. Rage and the need to make Alastair pay for hurting his dragon. For terrorizing his people, for being the cause of so much death and destruction. Alastair was the reason this whole war was still going. He was the reason dragons and humans hated each other, the reason so many of both sides had died for nothing.
“I… I was?” Dean asked, guilt beginning to wind into the warm feeling he’d gotten while hugging Castiel. “I… I’m—”
Castiel woke up alone.
The dragon huffed contentedly, curled around Dean protectively. Castiel made sure that Dean was comfortable, gently adjusting his tail so he was supported. Soon after, the dragon joined the prince in sleep.
Thank you for reading, everyone! I love and appreciate all of you. Next chapter is up on Wednesday. :)
“Awesome,” Dean muttered.
“Uh huh,” was all Dean could get out.
Castiel frowned, looking back at the blankets. He was stroking his fingertips over a fuzzy blue one, a color that Dean couldn’t help but think matched his eyes. “Alright, if you’re sure. You haven’t had any nightmares recently, have you?” He looked back at Dean, those fucking puppy dog eyes back again.
He caught the smile on Castiel’s face, and every regret about what he’d said melted away. Castiel’s cheeks had pinked slightly. He was smiling shyly at the floor. “I appreciate your kindness, Dean,” he said. “I suppose I’m not upset, or even angry. I’m rather disappointed that I dressed up, drove across town, and waited in a nice restaurant only to eat two pieces of bread and then leave.”
I have a feeling I'll have to address the way Castiel is approaching this problem soon, but that day is not today! Enjoy the story. ;)
“Humans know less about the ocean floor than about the surface Mars,” Castiel said.
“Good,” Castiel praised, grinning at the way it made Dean flush. He turned them so his back was to the headboard, spreading his legs a little to get a good angle as Dean straddled his hips. “You gonna ride me, baby?”
Castiel thought of the mansion on the edge of the city, the multiple rooms and grand hall that held a massive meal three times a day. He imagined the enormous, gleaming kitchen and the gourmet food it produced, then glanced back at Dean’s, some of the tiles on the floor missing, the cords of his blender held together by duct tape.
~>>>~
“Castiel, how is that even relevant to—”
“Clarence,” a flirty voice said, ripping him out of the brief period of focus he’d been able to achieve.
Nothing could have prepared him for what he’d seen come out of Castiel’s throat. The sheer intensity of how fucking
“It still burned you,” Dean grumbled, more to himself than to Castiel. He wasn’t sure his friend could hear him over the barrage of noise coming from the sky, anyway. Dean glared down at the smoking shell of the round firework that had hurt Cas.
“’Course he does,” Luke muttered, flicking a knife free of a hidden sheath so he could play with it, the blade dancing between his fingers, flashing underneath the harsh light of the single overhead lamp in the room.
As winter turned to spring and then to early summer, Dean’s new way of life continued as normal. He almost always had something to eat now, thanks to Castiel. He continued to report information and updates on the happenings of Purgatory, but for the most part, everything stayed quiet. Dean hadn’t seen Alastair since that first night, and his wrist had fully healed. Castiel kept coming and he kept walking Dean home every night, appearing sometime when Dean was a good distance away from Purgatory, but still had a few miles to walk home. The very thought of the blue-eyed Alpha made Dean’s chest warm.
Soon, the small two-bedroom apartment was filled with the smell of cooking bacon and coffee. Dean whistled ‘Hey, Jude’ softly while he poured Castiel’s mug and moved over to the table to give it to him.
. It was just… well, he had a very special girl to go visit.
Michael snorted. “We d—”
“Why not?” Castiel asked, blinking sluggishly at Dean as he grabbed the ice cream. “Anything is better than constantly thinking about this heat. Is there anything worth watching?”
He managed to keep his head held high as they moved through the city, though the exhaustion was weighing on him. He'd traveled all night and all day to get here, and had had barely two hours to rest before seeing his father. The horses were going fast, too, making it hard to keep up. By the time they finally got to the square, Dean was ready to pass out.
. “Now, I shift into my dragon form and you climb on.”
He just felt so fucking
The guy Dean had taken out had been holding a crude spear of sorts. A sharpened stick, really. Dean grabbed it anyway, using it to gash a long line along the second man’s arm.
The bathroom door was open.
leave. He couldn’t. He needed Dean. He loved Dean. He wouldn’t be able to live with himself if he knew he’d left this valley to be torn apart by war and hatred. He would be haunted at night by images of Dean being hurt and broken, whether by other dragons or by his own father. Castiel would wonder if Dean ever succeeded in keeping Sam safe from battle, or if the youngest Winchester would soon be dragged into the black hole that was war. Castiel wouldn’t be able to live knowing he’d just
was what Dean was focusing on?
His wings flared wide, his eyes growing hot in tandem with the flaring of his inner fire. He could feel the fury roiling inside his chest like a living
, softening and then hardening in the cold rush of wind, fucking
Teeth gritted, Dean hacked at the main cord again, resolving to give the kid a tail-kicking when they got back to their cave. Sam never fucking listened, damn him, and it was high time he learned that this kind of shit wasn’t the place to fuck around and disobey orders. There were lives on the line.
He stumbled blearily into the bathroom and brushed his teeth while Castiel sleepily ran a comb through his hair, frowning when it got stuck. Dean snorted at him, half-awake.
kiss him
“Fast, yeah,” Dean agreed. He grinned. “Faster than anyone I know, ‘cept for a few people. And I can go really deep. Strong, uh...” He trailed off, patting his chest. “The, uh...
“Yes. You need a place you can rest where your shoulders can stay out of the water,” Castiel replied. He gestured at the stairs. “I’ll tell the security so they won’t panic upon not seeing you in your tank.”
Dean wasn’t in the nest. He was in the opposite corner, curled up around what Castiel recognized as his college hoodie. The Alpha was scenting it repeatedly between sniffles and shaky exhales. It broke Castiel’s heart.
Shaking his head blearily, Dean rolled over and fell back asleep. He woke up a few hours later with the sunlight blazing through his window, the clock reading 9:46 a.m. That was more like it.
Dean put his face in his hands, partly to hide from the rest of the world, and partly because he was ashamed of the bruises already blooming on the left side of his face. They were evidence of his failure, of his complete lack of ability to do anything but fuck important things up. Dean deserved every last one of them.
“Fuck yeah!” Dean cried, following her as she led the way to the door. Castiel watched them go, shaking his head slightly. Knowing Dean and knowing what a firecracker Jess was herself, they were probably going to come back with enough ammunition to blow up a bank.
He was about to ask Castiel again if he wanted to get something special to eat for dinner, but then he remembered the suit he was holding and the plans he’d agreed to yesterday. For a moment, Dean allowed himself to wish he hadn’t said yes. He allowed himself to wish he could go to dinner with Castiel instead, somewhere considerably less fancy and considerably more fun.
It made the guilt in Castiel’s chest nearly unbearable.
“Good. I think… I think we can hold off five or six dragons,” Missouri said. She looked determined. “If there’s any kingdom that can withstand a siege, it’s Lawrence. We’re stubborn and strong.”
“I called Dean a liability. He tried his best and I mocked him for it.” Castiel sat down on the nearest bench and put his head in his hands, tugging at the ends of the strands roughly. “God, I’m as bad as his father.” He squeezed his eyes shut, shocked at how upset that made him. He was supposed to be
After seeing Sammy, he’d sunk to his knees on the stable floor and cried with his not-so-little-anymore brother held tightly in his arms. That was how Benny and Jo found them. Benny very nearly broke Dean’s ribs when he wrapped him up in a hug.
“What do you mean, you won’t be back?” Castiel asked. He tried to make it sound patient and understanding, but he couldn’t help but feel something ugly curl in his gut at the thought of Dean going out with a friend and not coming back. What the hell was he going to be doing?
The blood hadn’t come all the way out of the carpet, though it
He fell back asleep.
“Despite popular belief, I don’t need to be drinking or partying to be having fun,” Castiel snapped. He softened slightly at the memory of the plans he’d made for tonight with Dean. “I’m going to have a night in. I need to recover from midterms.”
?” Balthazar asked, sounding genuinely interested. “Fascinating. How is it? Do you get a lot of business? This must be your side job while you write.”
Castiel ended up eating all of the mac and cheese, surprised and pleased by the taste. Dean, for his part, was absolutely delighted. He watched Castiel eat the food with shining eyes. It was adorable.
Castiel was out of his chair before he could even think, a sick feeling starting in the pit of his stomach. He remembered Alastair’s words, remembered the rage and cold fury in his partner’s eyes. The man was a menace. Castiel didn’t trust him one bit, and he didn’t dare think for a second that he would follow the restrictions and guidelines they’d been given for handling their subject.
Dean had to work hard to contain his panic when they got to the beach.
“You have no fucking clue what you’re talking about!” Dean cried. His face was twisted with anger and defensiveness. The bruising on the left side stood out starkly against his tan skin.
Clyde had been officially scarred for life, and he didn’t even care.
Thank you for reading! See you on Saturday! :)
“Yes,” Castiel replied, refusing to be ashamed of Dean riding on his back either. They made a fantastic team, when they were in tune with each other. Dean was an incredible shot and an amazing flier. “It does.”
“I’ll make a fire,” Dean said, glaring at Castiel again. His brief surprise about Castiel allowing him the deer seemed to have melted away. “It’s not like I need your help, fire-breathing dragon though you are.”
“What are you doing?” Castiel asked despite himself. He was curious.
Dean thought of his best friend as he began the trip home, his mind fixating on Castiel’s warm, gentle demeanor. He’d make Dean feel better, no matter how horribly Dean had fucked up today. At the moment, the thought of seeing his friend and maybe getting a hug was the only thing keeping Dean from pulling over to the side of the road and completely breaking down.
“Be careful,” Meg said. Her voice was still uncharacteristically soft. “Call me if the paparazzi show up, yeah? We’ll figure it out from there.”
His arms were shaky as he brought it around his head, eyes on the place underneath the crown of Alastair’s horns.
“Yeah,” Dean agreed, taking a sip of peanut butter milkshake. “Sammy’d kill me for this, say it’s a heart attack on a plate, but I don’t give two shits.”
“Wait, Cas,” Dean said. The alarm was still ringing, making everything hard to hear. Castiel pulled away impatiently.
not. He’d bought the tickets to a honey festival next week and everything...
, but sometimes... Sometimes he needed to be reminded that he belonged to Castiel. That they belonged to each other. And the only way to do that was to fuck it into him.
“Then you’ll know what I’m saying is true. I think my sweet boy has been hurt enough. I think you left to punish yourself, but you came back because you felt lonely and scared. Am I correct?” Castiel’s eyebrows rose in question, his eyes soft with concern and kindness.
By the time the event list had come to the hundred butterfly, Castiel wasn’t sure he would be able to focus. As he stepped up on the fourth block, though, Dean on his right in the third lane, he felt his mind narrow and center on that one little place where he had learned he could truly be deadly.
Progress? No? Yes? I guess that depends on Cas.
In his panic, he forgot his injury temporarily. It made itself known the second he tried to stand, agony flaring up in a line of fire.
, that rebellious part of his mind whispered,
“Correct. We can only breathe and spit fire once at a time,” Castiel replied. He grimaced. “I’m not sure we could eat and breathe fire, either. The fire heats our throats, makes it hard to swallow.”
“Your Omega is sure Azazel’s there all day?” Luke asked, coming forward to sit in the chair backward. He tapped his fingers thoughtfully on the iron back of it, gloves making no noise against the metal.
“Feel good to be back, Novak?” a familiar voice asked. When Castiel turned, he saw Coach Shurley smiling at him from the doorway of the coach’s office. The curly-haired man had become somewhat of a second father to Castiel throughout his four years of high school. Castiel would be sad to say goodbye to him at the end of all this.
“Uh, o-okay. What part of the Garden?”
“No, but not knowing what it is should be one. Gods,” Dean grumbled. “Can’t believe you’ve never had pie. I’ll have to get you some.”
“Warmup in five!” Castiel roared over the noise. “Lane one! Don’t be late, or I’ll kick your asses before you even get in the water!”
Dean yelped as he felt the air shift around them. His hands shot down from their position over his head to scrabble for a hold on Castiel’s rough scales again. The dragon was rising in the air, the ground falling away beneath them. Dean shivered hard as he heard a rumble of thunder rock the sky. He flattened himself to the dragon’s back.
Dean was right. On the very next pass, Alastair fired some sort of spike out of his tail. It swept past terrifyingly close, nearly giving Dean a haircut as it whizzed overhead. Castiel seemed to take longer to recover when he dove down, whether because he was being careful or he was getting tired, Dean didn’t know.
in the pain and fear he’d caused. Michael would have. Lucifer would have. Even Gabriel might have relished the tears in Dean’s eyes.
“I stink of blood,” Michael finally said. He sounded almost normal, save for that tiny break in his words that Dean couldn’t help but catch. He looked up with the other two to stare at the oldest Novak. Michael was picking mournfully at his armor, which was beginning to flake with dried blood. “How many showers do you have, Castiel?”
“The swimsuit wasn’t enough for your imagination?” Dean teased as he began to pull off Castiel’s sweatshirt.
at eight o’clock. He had a few hours, but he needed to do the finishing touches and make sure everything was solid and secure.
“Not the best part of our plan, I’ll admit.” Luke shrugged. “He’s smarter than I gave him credit for. I underestimated him. Won’t happen again. But it doesn’t change the fact that yes, I did. And I have to say, I’m pretty proud of it.” He winked at Castiel. “Fiery one you got there, Cassie. He’ll look real pretty with Alastair’s marks all over his face.”
Dean gripped the mug in his hands tightly, feeling his stomach roll with nausea at the thought. “I can’t do that,” he said, words thick because of the congestion clogging his nose. “It’s his
If you want explicit warnings, please see the end notes. For now, I would like to keep some aura of unknown. However, I don't want anyone to be triggered. Umbrella warnings are: graphic depictions of sickness and abuse. That's all.
When that was finished, Dean started on the net.
The end of October and the beginning of November always brought about a new kind of tension among the team. Not only were they competing to win meets, they were also trying to qualify for Districts and State. Both Castiel and Dean had qualified for State in butterfly around the beginning of the season easily, and the recent meet had ensured that Dean would be swimming backstroke in State too.
First of all, I want to thank all of you for reading this and for sticking with me so far (or for trying this in the future, when it's finished!). I appreciate the time y'all take to read and kudos. :)
Oh, gods.
“Hunter zero-five-bravo, I copy. I’m gonna request that you maintain a hold-steady pattern, radius five miles,” Whidbey Tower told him, predictably. “You’ve got traffic at your two o’clock, moving twelve. Two Growlers descending to two thousand.”
Dean expected to be set down in his normal place on the stone floor, so he was surprised when Castiel gently placed him in the soft nest. The wool and blankets that lined it made it comfortable, and he was too tired to protest. He watched sleepily as the dragon stepped into the center of the nest and began to circle like a dog. Eventually, Castiel flopped down, peering at Dean with soft blue eyes.
The store they walked into was the fancy kind, with different parts of suits hung up all over the place and well-dressed attendants ready to help at the drop of a hat. Michael, apparently, came in a lot. They were quick to greet him and get him someone to help with the fitting.
He really was beautiful.
Castiel shifted forms, his body shrinking and unwinding from around Dean. After a moment, he was just a human curled up next to the prince. “That is not entirely my fault,” he said. He sincerely hoped Dean wasn’t actually blaming him.
in that position. It was ridiculous that
Sam tilted his head again. “Is there—Is there any reason you’re asking me this, again? I’m just… just wondering.”
it read.
The punch came too fast for him to register. It knocked him to the ground and was soon followed by a kick that ripped the breath from his lungs. Dean groaned and curled into a ball on the floor, protecting the softest parts of his torso. He knew this game. He’d been in this position many times before, only it had been with his father standing over him instead of a group of random Alphas. He wasn’t sure which was more terrifying.
? He’s fine! You’re wasting my time and energy to fucking call me about
Castiel grunted a little, surprised, and wrapped his arms around Dean on instinct. The gel in Dean’s hair was making it tickle at Castiel’s neck, hard prickles instead of the soft fluffiness that Castiel secretly loved. Castiel resisted the urge to reach up and rub out the hair product.
Dean’s cheeks pinked. “Aw, Cas, you don’t gotta lie just to make me feel better.” He looked down at the slacks of his suit. “You really don’t think the pants are too short?”
“Saw the teacher’s attendance books the other day, Winchester,” the Alpha sneered while they were cooking one day. “Got two whole weeks off next week, don’t you?”
He took deep breaths, reminding himself that with school starting up, Michael would ask for his attention a little less. That was a relief, much as Dean was embarrassed to admit it. It wasn’t that he didn’t like spending time with his soulmate—it
Dean swallowed, staring down at the plate of food. It was easier to look at that than his friend’s face. “Like shit,” he managed, voice gritty with disuse.
“Think so,” Dean muttered. He grabbed Castiel’s hand and tugged him toward the door, reaching out to test the knob. “Yeah, we’re stuck.”
“The... The... The papa-raht-zee,” Dean sounded out. He glared up at Castiel. “And who’s Meg? Cas—”
“It still doesn’t work,” Dean muttered, feeling like his face was going to catch on fire. Fuck was it
after the last Prince of Hell died was absurd. In Dean’s opinion, the hatred was set too deep on both sides. Neither would back down. They’d end up grinding each other into the dust.
Jess pulled Castiel out into the street with her to finish the last firework. There was a moment where they were both kneeling beside it as she showed him how to light it, and then Dean saw them both get up and sprint back toward Sam and him. He laughed at the expression on Jess’s face.
Surprisingly, that didn’t worry Dean too much. He was home now, in one of the best-guarded cities in the world. He was wounded, yes, but he had a dragon sleeping beside him, one that had already proven he would kill to protect him.
Dean was surprisingly okay with the whole situation.
Dean steeled himself, taking a deep breath at the thought of his little brother. If he played this right, he could see the kid by the end of the week.
Gabriel was still attempting to set him up with people, soulmate or not. While he was still actively searching for Castiel’s soulmate—a fact that was disturbing on too many levels for Castiel to try to comprehend—Gabriel was distracting himself in the meantime with any person he thought Castiel might be a tiny bit interested in. It was getting somewhat exhausting to try to fend off all of his cousin’s attempts to further his romantic life.
The dragon bared his teeth in a sickening imitation of a grin. The fake thrill on the man’s face disappeared, swallowed by fear.
“0:45, 0:46, 0:45,” Castiel muttered, leaning over to look at Dean’s blank clipboard. “You have Ketch. He gets those same times every year.”
He could still
Castiel had long ago learned the meaning of the metaphor for the ‘heart breaking,’ but he was fairly sure he learned a new definition right then. “Dean,” he said softly, reading the tension in his hunter’s shoulders, “you are far more important than any job in Heaven could ever be.” He closed his eyes briefly, wishing he could strike his past self over the head for his idiocy. “I… I thought you wanted space. I thought you needed time to adjust, and it’s
. “Yeah, we can.” He didn’t sound hurt or sad. He sounded... relieved, actually.
“He grabbed me,” Dean explained, face heating a little as Castiel traced light, gloved fingertips over the purple swelling. “It’s, uh… It’s really not that bad.”
Also, I believe it's time to introduce my newer readers to the Speed Rollercoaster. The basic rule is this: What goes up must come down, and vice versa. Or: there cannot be a whole bunch of awesome fluff without a shitload of angst first. ;)
He was across the room in a matter of seconds. Castiel smashed into the wall with enough force to knock the breath out of him, or whatever was left after being thrown by the merman’s tail. The creature had hit him so hard and so fast he hadn’t been able to see it coming. The buzzer, with the alarm and the control for the merman’s collar, flew out of his hand and skittered across the floor.
Enjoy. :)
She would take care of the dragon. She’d kill it.
that fire inside of them, thought of his body without that
as I usually do with my toys.” He grabbed Dean’s face, and before the Omega could pull away, he felt a very familiar pressure on his throat. “I wonder what you’d look like with my name carved into your forehead, hmm? Or one of these precious things gone. Good thing they’re so pretty, or I’d have already carved one out.” Alastair grinned, tapping a thumb over Dean’s eyelid. The Omega shuddered.
“Heya, Cas,” Dean said, brushing away the stray hairs on the stone floor. “What can I do ya for?”
So... yeah. :) I hope you're not too mad at me. I also hope that, aside from the ending, you liked the chapter. I can't believe how close to the end we are! It's crunch time for me. I always try to write the next story while I'm posting the other one, but I always get SLAMMED by a horrible case of writer's block, which I'm struggling with now (any tips on getting past that?). We'll see if the next fic comes out at a reasonable time after the end of this one, or if it'll take four years and a physical kick in the ass to get me moving again.
That… was not normal. It wasn’t
The human passed out from pure fear right after they took to the air, the idea of being
In a matter of seconds, there was a full-size black dragon standing beside Dean again.
He almost forgot Dean was there until he smiled and asked, “So, what’re we doing, boss?”
“I’d give ‘em eight,” Benny replied. “Enough for a couple lengths and then positioning, yeah?”
For a moment, Dean was absolutely sure that they hadn’t made it. He was almost prepared to be dashed against a rock under the water, or carried out into the deep. When he opened his eyes, though, it was to the sight of calm water and little waves, the light of the stars reflected on the surface of the ocean.
“Thanks, man,” he said to the kitchen at large. There was no answer, of course. Dean wasn’t sure the ghost had ever actually interacted with them, save for the few times he had left things laying around or made things happen. The most Dean and his roommate, Castiel, had ever received as an answer was when they’d asked who the ghost was and had promptly found an old box of mementos and high school yearbooks on the dining table.
“Talkative?” Alastair asked, sounding delighted. “Wonderful. That’ll make this
There was a time, before Dean, when Castiel might have been very worried. Now, however, he just rolled his eyes. “You are incredibly overdramatic and childish,” the dragon told Dean.
over these past few months. It was because of Dean that Castiel had felt confident enough to use his fire for the first time since being a fledgling. Dean had stayed in that gods-damned cave for months with Castiel, had smiled and laughed and tolerated his weird personality. He’d made Castiel feel like a real, living creature. Something that could be cherished and accepted for how he was, not for how he was different. Dean had even thought his fire was cool. He’d smiled.
, Winchester!” Cam shouted at him, hugging him so hard Dean had to slap him on the back to get any oxygen.
No one at all.
They’d been focusing on that for the past few weeks. Dean was getting really good at it. It was a lot harder than shooting from a horse’s back. The wind was more intense, the speed faster, the amount of things Dean could accidentally hit greater. He’d nearly clipped Castiel’s wing the first time he’d attempted to shoot perpendicular off the dragon’s back. It was better to fire at an angle, he’d found. It had taken a while to get it down.
It was just a question of whichever came first.
As the door finally closed, Dean relaxed into the bed.
It was
The boys... used their words? And they didn't end up fighting? And they actually... understood each other? WHAAAAT? Anyway, the communication between these two characters is so much fun to write, you have no idea.
life was on the line. Dean didn’t screw around with shit concerning Sammy’s safety. If that meant being an asshole to get him to listen, then so be it.
Before you threaten to kill me, just remember that there's one chapter left. ;) I await your predictions and death threats in the comments.
“Not much, no,” Alastair replied. He grinned down at the sleeping merman’s beautiful face. “At least, I’ll try.”
When the Alpha dove for him again, Dean swung at him. He managed to actually land a hit, which was surprising. Luke careened off course and slammed into Dean’s crappy cupboards, shattering one of them with a grunt. When he righted himself, his icy blue eyes were flashing red with Alpha rage.
eating a whole pie tonight.” He pointedly nodded at the untouched, flaky crust.
More familiar.
They stayed in Palo Alto for two more days. On Friday, Dean and Castiel packed the Impala and drove back up to Washington. Castiel said his hand was fine, since the burn from the firework had been pitifully minor, but Dean insisted on changing the bandages once before they left. The burn has almost entirely healed and was barely noticeable after a few days, but Dean wasn’t taking any chances. Besides, he hated watching Castiel wince as he typed on his laptop. It was better to be over the top on taking care of the injury than ignoring it altogether.
thing, but before he could, Dean spoke again. “I just… I—You… I guess you just always know what to say, man. I swear to God you can read my mind sometimes. You’re always sayin’ just the right thing to make me feel better.”
Dean swallowed thickly, pressing into Castiel instinctively. The firm, unyielding line of the dragon’s body gave Dean the courage he needed to speak. “Da-uh, I mean
“Well, maybe don’t leave hickeys all over my lance corporal’s neck and I won’t have to call you,” Gabriel replied smoothly. God, the smug
. The last time Castiel had seen him like this was when John had called him while drunk and spent an hour screaming through the phone about what a worthless pile of shit Dean was. That had been horrible, but at least it had only lasted a day or two and had been made better by some gentle caretaking on Castiel’s part. This time, he felt like his attempts to make things better were only making them worse.
Castiel swallowed.
“Because I didn’t
Castiel’s ears flicked underneath his frill, listening for the telltale pounding of wingbeats behind him. As it turned out, he needn’t have done that. A few seconds later, a roar shook the mountain air.
Why was his face pressed against Castiel’s hoodie? He was… Shit, he was practically on his knees. Castiel was holding him, supporting almost all of his weight, keeping Dean’s head and one of his hands pressed to his chest.
“I believe you’ve earned it,” Castiel said. Only hours before, he would have been disgusted with himself for saying that when Dean so obviously hadn’t. Now, he understood that there were different ways of obeying, different ways of “being good.” And Dean had been
Dean’s smile turned a little sad. He wasn’t going to be plucked out of the air by another dragon. At least, hopefully. Or maybe not. He wouldn’t mind it if the dragon were Castiel. “Don’t worry, Jo. I’ve got nothing for me out there.”
Dean frowned. “Not to be a dick or anything, Cas, but why do you care?”
Panic flooded Castiel’s bloodstream as he realized there was no way out of this. Of all the dragons to spot them, it seemed it was the only one who could have managed to catch them.
“I believe I stated that we weren’t going to be doing any strenuous physical activity,” Castiel said calmly. How he managed to sound so collected when he was stroking Dean’s dick like that was a mystery. “This is not strenuous, is it?”
, that hurt.
Once the boys had calmed somewhat, Dean stretched a little. His movements were tentative and ginger, but he seemed to have a much wider range of motion than a few days ago. It was a good sign.
Castiel gritted his teeth. “Because that’s what your kind
“Nothin’, Cas,” Dean said. He was practically slurring, he was so tired. When Castiel tried to pull on his tie, Dean simply pitched forward and leaned into him for support.
The Omega quietly served one to the oldest Novak, who took it with a small, flat smile and a ruffle of Dean’s hair. Gabriel thanked him from his position on the floor, quiet and subdued. Dean retreated to the couch with his own sandwich and curled into the comforting warmth of his Alpha’s side. Castiel immediately wrapped an arm around him and held him close, kissing his temple lightly.
about Michael in the first place. They were soulmates, wasn’t that enough? If they were soulmates, that made everything okay. Everything Michael said, everything he did… it was for love. It had to be. If it wasn’t, that meant he didn’t love him, and if Dean’s own soulmate didn’t love him…
“They probably wanted to get you to have sex with ‘em,” Dean said, which confirmed what Castiel had assumed beforehand.
Castiel didn’t reply, just yanked off his shirt and pushed his sweatpants and boxers down to the floor. The chill of the room felt stark against his heated skin, but Castiel was too busy digging for the lube and the condoms Dean had hidden in the cabinet to care. When he located them and looked back up at the bed, he found his breath stuttering in his chest.
fortunately, another gift soon replaced them.
It was a good idea, Clyde would hand it to Dean. He typed out his first sentence, completely unashamed to share it.
Dean blinked, eyes finding Castiel blearily. “Water,” the prince rasped, voice barely more than a whisper.
“Right,” Castiel managed. He still thought the wound that had made those scars must have been horrific, but there was a bright gleam in Dean’s eyes that told him the merman was very proud of it. Castiel considered that perhaps in Dean’s culture, scars were something to display proudly instead of something to quietly try to get rid of, like humans sometimes did.
Whew! Heavier chapter here. Please read the content warnings below if you feel like you need:
Castiel nodded, turning back to the event list as Dean came up to look at it too. His hair was fluffy and spiked with the gel he’d put in it that morning, still dry and free of being flattened by the cap as of yet. With nothing but a black Speedo on, his goggles and cap held in his hand, he looked beautiful. Castiel couldn’t help but discreetly stare.
squeaking at the thought of Castiel being privy to the thoughts going through his head.
“Uh, okay,” Dean said intelligently. “We could… Yeah, that sounds like a good idea. We should definitely do that.” He grimaced at the layer of sweat he found collecting on his forehead. “As soon as possible, preferably.”
Dean suppressed a smile. “You gotta stop pulling on the reins, Cas. Just hold ‘em nice and easy. Like this.” He shifted his body so the dragon could see.
would make for a fantastic cover picture for his parents to witness when he got home. He couldn’t wait.
“Yes,” Dean hissed, chest heaving. His tear-filled green eyes were wide and angry. “Fucking replaceable. You think I’m the only human to ever kill a dragon? There are soldiers and mercenaries a
“Obviously not hard enough,” Michael snapped cruelly. “What’s your version of ‘trying,’ Dean? Because this is pathetic. You’ve ignored me for more than two weeks straight. You were incredibly rude when I finally called to check up on you, and then you hid behind your
Okay, I can't link the fic. If need be, just go to my username and search up 'Evergreen' as the title underneath the search bar. That should find it, if you're interested.
, but he refrained at last second. It would have been inappropriate for their current company, at the least. At the most, it might show how truly
“One of them is gray, I think. The other two are red.”
“Never said that,” Dean muttered, shrugging even though Castiel wasn’t looking at him.
Unfortunately, Dean’s good mood didn’t last long.
Dean craned his neck over the edge of his dashboard to look out the cockpit window, searching for a couple seconds before his eyes picked out two moving objects in the dark mass of land and lights ahead of him. “Copy, I see them. Maintaining a hold-steady pattern, radius five miles. ETA zero-five mikes.”
Castiel couldn’t have wiped the smile off his face even if he’d wanted to. “Yes.” He handed her his ticket, and Dean put his on top. The woman reached through the glass window, grabbed the tickets, and scanned them with a little monitor. It beeped once.
didn’t mention that he wished that was the case. He would never in a million years tell Castiel that he wished he had angel wings instead of a sword.
you should be doing. The fact is that you cannot sleep, whether because of past trauma or because that’s simply how your brain works. It’s nothing to be ashamed of, and certainly nothing to torture yourself over. We’re going to get a box fan tomorrow, and I’m going to buy a weighted blanket too.” He sat back and folded his arms in a hilariously obvious show of stubbornness.
The doctor led the way down the beach, almost dragging Dean over the dunes. With every step toward the water, the air grew cooler and more misty. Dean could smell the ocean now, the salty scent seeming to make him lighter than air. He was so close. Only a few hundred feet away now.
Dean turned around, and Castiel’s heart sank. His handsome face was blank with something akin to shock. There was a large red mark on his left cheekbone, dark and angry. When he looked at Castiel, something about his beautiful green eyes seemed flat and lifeless. “Heya, Cas.” Dean’s voice was little more than a whisper.
Dean whimpered, shaking his head a little. He tried to refute the statement, tried to tell Castiel that he couldn’t just
Castiel gave a soft, soothing rumble. He closed the talons of his right front foot over Dean’s body, his grip surprisingly gentle. Dean made a little noise of surprise as the dragon lifted him a few feet from the ground, pulling him against his broad, scaled chest.
Dean frowned at the slight grimace on his dragon’s face. “What?”
“Just a moment,” Novak replied, frowning at something in his notes.
The rust-winged dragon, whom Castiel recognized as Inias, shut Samandriel up before he could say anything more. It didn’t stop faint amusement from twisting Castiel’s snout, or his wings from lowering slightly as he realized that these three dragons weren’t here to attack.
He wished his Mark was somewhere else. He wished it were tattooed in the shape of angel wings instead of a sword, wished for the briefest moment that things were different. That they
. It was his birthday. Dean didn’t even have a nice gift for him, just a bottle of scotch that he’d been told was good quality. There was no way Dean was going to be selfish enough to not go to the party, too.
He felt empty. Numb. It wasn’t a good feeling, but it wasn’t horrible. It was much preferable to the awful, twisting pain from his conversation with Michael in the car. This was nicer. Being numb was better than being in pain.
The entire time he brushed his teeth, he tried not to think of Dean outside in the motel room. This was always the hard part. Even when they’d had two beds instead of one, Castiel had always had trouble thinking straight when they’d had to share a room. For some reason, the idea of Dean being soft and sleepy was… endearing. There was something about Dean being stripped of all his layers except for one that made Castiel’s chest warm with affection he had no business feeling. He rarely ever got to see Dean in only one layer of clothes. Castiel supposed it was a guilty pleasure of his to see Dean in only pajamas.
Damn it, Dean was
“Thanks, Cas.” His voice was a defeated whisper. Quiet. Small. Sad.
“He’s not,” Castiel hissed. “I know he’s not. Someone hurt him. Someone hurt
Dean was free.
Dean laughed shakily. “Awesome.”
Dean snorted. “I don’t know how to use the fancy shit either.” He labored for a moment to sit up, then squinted at the box of DVDs Castiel had. “What kinda shows do you have? I don’t see any—
, and it seemed that they weren’t as foolish as Castiel had thought. They spread out a little, making it impossible for him to cut to the side and run back around. His only option was to keep going straight ahead and pray he could make it to the cave with enough time for Dean to untangle his wings.
as him. Castiel had to deal with his fluffy morning hair and his cute snoring and the little mumbles he made during sleep. He had a hard enough time getting any rest as it was. Sleeping in the same
Dean snorted, looking down at his blueprint. His eyes weren’t moving, indicating that he was lost in thought rather than studying it. “Well… Why, uh… Why aren’t you?”
Dean straightened slowly as they neared the tabletop, Castiel’s speed increasing to make it more difficult for Dean to aim. Dean could feel the wind tugging at him fiercely as he sat up, his whole upper body dragging against the force of Castiel’s flying.
was wondering, because they were all staring now. It seemed that the village was holding its breath.
They broke through the wood door, the handle cracking against the stone wall and bouncing back as Jo threw it open. She peeled off to the side as Castiel carried Dean out to the center of the courtyard, her dark eyes wide.
Dean shook his head, looking utterly destroyed, and said, “I don’t know either.”
Castiel blinked. “No, definitely not.”
This had been a bad idea from the start, but Dean supposed it would have only been worse if he’d wanted to go suit-shopping by himself. Michael was right not to trust his judgement if he constantly made bad clothing decisions, anyway. Dean was too stupid to do this kind of stuff.
“No!” Castiel shouted, attempting to move forward. He found himself yanked back by several hard pairs of hands. More guards stepped forward, the sound of all their guns clicking ringing loud in Castiel’s ears.
“I’ve committed a crime?” Castiel asked, chagrined. “Dean, I must tell you that was not my inten-“
“Silence!” John practically screamed. He unsheathed his sword and pointed it at Dean, the tip shaking with how hard he was gripping it. “
Castiel’s smirk of amusement remained on his face, even as it shifted and changed. His body grew larger and longer, wings growing to enormous size. Dean stared as his tail formed, long and elegant, curling around his talons as he finished changing.
Dean laughed at Castiel’s excited face. “Here, you wanna light your own?” He handed his friend the lighter, watching with a warm, bubbling feeling in his chest as Castiel lit the sparkler and cried out in excitement when it started going off.
But you say
Not happy, maybe. Maybe... introspective? Metaphorical? Rushed? Way too short and a reflection of the author's exhaustion? PERHAPS.
Castiel had only just sat down when Dean’s watch beeped. He gave a muffled curse and jerked a little, flailing in the bed. Castiel silently thanked God he hadn’t decided to stay after all. There would have been no avoiding the fact that they’d been hopelessly tangled up together.
Despite his excitement, he still had some very human things to take care of, like coffee and breakfast. Alastair was out for the day, focused on getting some samples of Dean’s blood to the lab and studying them. Castiel hoped he’d have to stay overnight in the nearby city, so that maybe he could have Dean to himself tomorrow morning, too.
“Stop, stop,” Castiel choked out, shaking his head. “Stop. I don’t need to know any more.” He gasped for air, wiping at his eyes as he sat up. “Dear God, was that some sort of twisted method of distracting me?”
“They’re all dead,” a flat, familiar voice said.
“Cam is with Dean?” Castiel questioned. Dean snapped his head around to look to their coach.
“If I don’t, you’d better,” he replied seriously. Dean laughed, the sound joyous and carefree. The referee called for them to take their marks.
“Coach, were you able to get the switch in?” Castiel asked as they came up.
“Kill him!” someone shouted. It might have been his father. Dean didn’t know anymore.
The ride over on the ferry was peaceful and fairly quick. The dark water was glassy, the rainy night sky above making the bright lights of the mainland seem even more inviting. Dean stayed at the window until the intercom announced that they were nearing the dock. At the last possible second, Dean headed back to his car. He winced as he folded himself back into Baby’s driver seat. There was nothing like a full day of flying, physical testing, and meetings to wear a person out.
The carpet of their apartment was nicer than the cold asphalt outside. Dean was immediately enveloped in warm air that smelled of something spicy and sweet. He inhaled despite himself, smiling a little as he realized Castiel must have baked something while he was gone.
, Clyde grumbled.
to try to fix whatever’s goin’ on between you. What I said out there was true. When you two fight, everyone gets on edge. It’s crazy, actually.”
to wash out.”
When the sun rose hours later, spreading golden light across the city, the Alpha was still awake.
Dean remembered what Castiel had said the night before about Meg. Why he’d stuck around to hang out with Dean’s sorry ass and watch old movies was beyond Dean, but he figured he should be grateful for every bit of Castiel he could get. Besides, he hated Meg Masters. He wasn’t sure he’d be able to handle it if she and Castiel started dating.
He’d emerged after his quick shower, clean and soft and beautiful, towel still held in his hands. Castiel spared a moment to just
Castiel, who’d been trying to cool himself down by periodically dunking his face under the water, promptly inhaled a mouthful. Benny reached out to pat him on the back as he hacked up chlorinated water, breath catching in his throat as he choked out a, “What?”
~ Speed
“Okay.” Dean crunched on his carrot again, not looking at Castiel. “Uh, I’ll… I can help, if you want. You always… You always tie your tie backward. I can tie it for you.” He still didn’t look up. There was an odd sort of tightness to his voice. “At least, if where you’re going needs ties, anyway.”
Dean stayed up for a little bit, cleaning the kitchen and making sure everything was in order. He organized the living room before he got too tired to go more than ten seconds without yawning. Satisfied that everything was where it was supposed to be, Dean dragged himself off to bed.
lemonade, Cas. ‘S the only lemonade you’ll catch me drinking.”
” John asked, frowning. “Why the fuck did it save you? Wanted to eat you for itself, did it?”
Dean squeezed his hand, his grip loosening as his strength faded. “Don’t… Do-Don’t… leave.” His words were slurring heavily now. Castiel’s heart clenched in his chest. He leaned forward and placed a gentle kiss on Dean’s forehead instinctively.
, it’s alright,” Benny soothed, trying to steady Dean as the prince made an aborted attempt to shove himself to a sitting position. It was awkward when he was laying on his stomach. The movement caused Dean to scream in pain and fall back to the bed.
Dean didn’t have the time to check if it hit. His entire world was immediately tilted on its axis as a thundering roar shook the air. He could only hope that his city could defend itself while he and Castiel took care of the real threat:
“You’re such a jerk,” Sam complained. “And everything’s
He opened his mouth to apologize again, then made the mistake of looking past Castiel’s head. The ground was far,
“C’mon, sir,” Dean says quietly. “Come on me. Make me yours.”
“Get me the best healer you have,” Castiel ordered. His voice was rumbling and so deep it was nearly inhuman. “If you try to stop me or harm the prince, I will burn this whole city to the ground.”
“That was a siren,” Castiel replied. “Those died out a long time ago. They were incredibly powerful, yes.”
Castiel looked over at him, eyebrows rising. His face was dimly illuminated by the light of the dash. “Your grandmother was a siren? That’s amazing! Humans... we thought sirens were extinct.”
Castiel scissored his fingers again, working on getting Dean stretched for his cock, which was hard enough to cut diamonds by now. Castiel ground down against Dean experimentally, biting his lip to keep from groaning loud enough to wake the people in the next room. Dean moaned, head coming up and then falling back to the pillow. “Kiss me?” he panted, breathless.
The guards standing in the courtyard stared at him in shock and naked fear.
See you Monday!
Castiel finally,
Enjoy another installment of Two Idiots That Are Completely In Love!
He yanked on the handcuffs again experimentally, then sat back with a sigh. He wasn’t doing anything but hurting himself. He was getting out when the Demons wanted him to, and not a second before.
about it. Dinner was a good distraction.
Michael and Gabriel glanced at each other, both recognizing the possessive word in that sentence. “How do you know?” Michael settled on asking. Gabriel was grateful, because he’d been about to ask a different question, and he wasn’t quite sure it would have gone over so well.
The slap sent Dean careening to the floor. His legs were too weak to keep him steady, and Michael was strengthened by fury. “You fucking idiot,” Dean’s soulmate snarled. “You absolute
“Decide what?” Castiel asked, a little desperate. “I cannot go back home. You know that. I can’t go to Dean either.”
taken half an hour to finish, but he was still four minutes ahead of anyone else. Cam came in next, just a fifty ahead of Benny. The rest of the pool followed slowly. Castiel leaned back against the corner of the pool walls, elbows propped easily behind him. Dean tried to distract himself by watching the other swimmers, trying not to fidget when he felt the warm weight of Castiel’s gaze on the back of his neck.
Dean sobbed. He missed Cas. His back fucking
. Then, after a little longer, he scratched that out too and just wrote
Dean flinched. “Yeah, that one was… I heard that one was brutal. I’m sorry to hear that, Cas.”
“Fuck the relay,” Castiel hissed, the ferocity in his voice surprising Dean. “You’re more important than the relay. And you’re
Dean’s posture was all wrong. His shoulders were hunched in, his head ducked, his whole body screaming
Dean was tempted to ask why Castiel was here, but he didn’t want to know. He had a terrible feeling that asking would make Castiel realize that he had no real reason to be here and that he’d leave. Why Dean wanted someone who was certifiably dangerous to be spending time with him, he didn’t know. Maybe he was lonely.
Swimming butterfly was as natural as breathing.
“Let’s begin, yes?” the scientist asked. He grinned. “Anything you want to do first?”
Clyde couldn’t help but notice that they were both very close together. Castiel had a hand on Dean’s right shoulder, his chest pressed against Dean’s back as he leaned over to read what the words on the computer said. Dean had leaned back a little, pressing into the touch. It would have been cute if they hadn’t both been so fucking
Dean snorted, but it didn’t sound self-deprecating. Just… amused. “M’kay. Is, uh… Is the offer of morning sex still on the table?”
with something, which was insane. Was he alright? Was Dean’s scent really that bad? The Alpha answered that question in the next few seconds. It looked like he was breathing through his mouth. “Your scent is amazing.”
Laying down with his shoulders out of the water was a little uncomfortable, and the edge of the pool dug into his back, but it was far better than sleeping in a cramped tank. This room wasn’t so bad, Dean supposed, just like the doctor that had commandeered it.
He avoided looking at the crowd, instead turning his eyes to the sky. It was a fantastic blue today. At least he was going to die under the open sky. That thought comforted Dean as they tore his shirt open and bared his back. It didn’t make the pain of the first whip-strike any less painful, but then again, there was really no way to do that.
Castiel brought his teeth together, grazed the edges of them against Dean’s sensitive nipple. “Come on, baby,” he murmured, looking up to smile darkly at Dean’s blissed-out face. “Don’t keep me waiting.”
“Of course. I’ll be in my room when you’re finished,” Castiel said. He squeezed Dean’s hand gently, gave him a kind smile, and left the bathroom. Dean watched him go, contemplating the monumental task of getting out of his clothes.
Dean pointed at him with a floppy piece of jerky, eyebrows drawn together like Castiel had personally wronged him. “That,” he said around a mouthful of meat, “is a crime.”
“You could try sitting on my lap,” Castiel offered, like he was saying he could make dinner or something normal like that. “That way, you could rest your head against my chest and your nasal passages wouldn’t get clogged.”
Seriously though, I feel like the only reason- *SPOILER*
In the quiet silence of the hotel room, the Righteous Man slept on.
Castiel gave him a snarl that could have been impatience, but looked downright terrifying at that moment. Dean wanted to piss himself.
“Yes, sir,” Dean murmurs quietly, reaching up to pull the first of his flannels off. Castiel leaves him to it, knowing that Dean is insecure about undressing sometimes. It varies from night to night, usually. The angel doesn’t pretend to understand everything about his beloved hunter, just accepts him and all of his perfections and flaws.
The dragon blinked at the human, unable to comprehend how one creature could be so
Districts was louder and more chaotic than any other regular-season meet. While it wasn’t nearly as loud and chaotic as State or even Regionals, there was still something overwhelming about walking into a stadium and seeing so many people moving about, so many colors of suit and cap in the pool. There were fourteen high schools at Districts, and there would be many more at the next two events.
He tried to ignore her, but it was really hard when she sat right across from him. He tried to bury his face in the book he was reading, but it was hard to focus when her foot kept ‘accidentally’ brushing his under the table. For the thousandth time, Castiel cursed their professor’s idea of ‘new-age’ seating.
“Where?” Michael asked, voice breaking on that single word.
He contemplates the task before him. Hugging Dean isn’t something he’s not
Dean gave a low whine and pushed another finger into himself. Castiel could feel the tension ripple through his body, the pleasure causing Dean’s muscles to clench and release beautifully. Dean moaned, low and throaty, and pushed his head back a little into the pillow.
Once Dean climbed the stairs and got to the aisle, he realized his next problem.
They drove all day. Castiel was beginning to get tired of the endless road, but he felt better when the plains and deserts of the Midwest turned into tall evergreen forests as they neared the coast. Dean liked the trees too, and he practically jumped out of his seat with excitement the first time they saw a herd of deer. Castiel could only hope they didn’t see a bear or a moose. He wasn’t sure Dean’s heart would be able to handle that.
The store wasn’t anywhere he would have shopped. While Dean wasn’t struggling to make ends meet like some college kids, he certainly wasn’t partying and spending money every night. He also wasn’t looking to buy a suit that would cost half of what a month’s rent was worth.
Castiel closed his eyes, listening to Dean’s breathing. He didn’t sound as congested as before, which was good. It seemed that Castiel’s reasoning for the change of position had been correct. While he couldn’t deny that his offering had been purely selfish, Castiel was glad that Dean was able to breathe easier.
His second attempt to open his eyes was more successful. He was able to keep them open, this time. A by-now-familiar sight greeted him.
Castiel was completely aware that his train of thought was both selfish and slightly ridiculous. He should be happy that Dean was finally enjoying his time with Michael. He should be happy that Michael seemed to be treating Dean right, at least for a singular dinner date.
you. There’d be meals and things delivered, and—”
compared to the feeling in his chest when Dean’s eyes lit up with joy. The brightness of those green irises was something that would stay with Castiel forever, come war or peace, sickness or death. Nothing could ever compare to that. Nothing.
“I know,” Jo said, smiling a little. She looked kind of sad. “I just wanted to get you away from him for a little bit. You gotta pick better friends, darlin’. That one ain’t good for nothing but tearing you down.”
Dean proceeded to tell him about the trenches, which he said housed the worst of the aggressive sea creatures that he’d hunted in his childhood. Castiel listened intently, though the conversation they’d just had was stored somewhere in the back of his mind. They’d come back to that, he was sure. It was just... he didn’t want to force anything. Small steps.
“I dunno,” Dean says, sounding like he actually does know. “I just, uh… You seem a little clinger than usual, today, ‘s all. Is everything good?”
Castiel was struggling to stay in the air. Alastair had fired earlier than either of them had anticipated, meaning that he’d managed to catch Castiel before the dragon could dive out of the way. They’d missed the worst of the shot, but Dean and Castiel had both been badly burned.
Castiel felt nervous as he picked up a few notebooks and some pens. He took them with him as he made his way out of his office and through the hallways toward the pool room, rubbing his sore neck as he went. He really needed to stop falling asleep at his desk.
He knew he should be angry with Castiel because of earlier, but he couldn’t contain the ache in his chest when the dragon flinched away from his hands. It was obvious that the net had really fucked with his head, and Dean couldn’t blame him. In many ways, Castiel had experienced something just like Dean’s fall to the ground. A total lack of control, an inability to decide whether he lived or died.
one of these things.
Ketch frowned at him, pouring three fingers of whiskey into a glass. Dean was at least grateful for that. The man knew how badly he needed to drink, then.
Castiel half-heartedly poured himself a bowl of chips, not even bothering to read the label on the back that would indicate how much was in a serving size. He didn’t want to know. He didn’t care if he ate more than his body needed in caloric means. He didn’t really care about anything, especially right now. Everything felt gray and sad and quiet when Dean was gone. Castiel hated it.
Seeing Dean like this felt wrong. It went against the very fundamentals of how the universe was supposed to work. Dean was the brightest, happiest, kindest, most selfless and loving human being Castiel knew. Dean was allowed to have bad days—of course he was—but to see him look this defeated was frightening. It felt like someone up above had very seriously and very grievously messed up.
“Here ya go, Cas,” Dean said, handing his friend his share of popcorn. “Whaddya wanna watch?”
When Dean woke up for real, the sun was attempting to come through the edges of the blackout curtains at the window and the clock read 10:10. Dean stared at it and the empty half of the mattress for a long moment, then sat up and slowly drew himself out of bed. He cursed slightly at the ache in his thighs. While he wasn’t out of shape in the slightest, he’d ridden Castiel for a
“Yeah,” Dean said. He didn’t sound convinced.
Outside, Dean could see that the sky was gray and overcast, promising rain later. It was unseasonably cold for September. Dean remembered the rain and cold last night and shivered a little, glad he was warm in his apartment. Having Castiel with him helped.
“I always imagined that my soulmate would be perfect for me. Obviously, if the universe decided that we were meant to be together, it would have to be someone I would fall in love with easily,” Michael said. He sounded almost thoughtful. When he next spoke, though, his words were filled with ice-cold venom. “I never imagined my soulmate could end up being such a lumbering, idiotic, selfish oaf such as yourself.”
“Shut up, bitch.”
Dean’s cheeks flushed darkly and he looked away. The praise made his stomach twist pleasantly. “Thanks. Not as good as yours, though.”
Castiel knelt next to him and stopped, hands hovering mere centimeters off of Dean. He seemed afraid to touch him, like Dean might shatter if anyone even looked at him wrong. Dean wasn’t sure that was an entirely false claim to make. He felt like he was breaking apart anyway.
It was hard to hear what Castiel had said. It was hard to reckon with the idea of being wanted after so long being alone.
. Dean was scared, too. He’d been terrified when Castiel had tentatively brought up the topic of dating, all those months ago. Dean had never stayed in one place for too long. He didn’t want to bring the curse that was his existence onto someone as pure and precious as Castiel.
Castiel woke with a sudden jerk. He found himself flat on his back, wings spread out underneath him like a pool of ink. His back and leg felt like fire, his entire body wet and cold. He blinked his eyes open slowly, groaning, and heard a sob above him.
A hand on his shoulder, large and heavy, brought him out of his head. “We don’t know anything yet,” Sam said evenly. His hazel eyes were dark and serious. He looked at Castiel, his gaze intense. “If you hear anything, though, you… Cas, you gotta promise me you’ll help him. Please.”
Afterward, he worked himself into another panic attack thinking of all the things he’d have to do to stay calm and normal at the party. Dean hated how emotional he got when he was sick. It was like his iron hold on his feelings and internal weakness just slipped. He cried and panicked a lot easier, got clingy and needy when it got
With how soft he’d gotten, training flights with Dean or not, there was no way he was going to be able to outfly Ishim.
Castiel was jolted from his thoughts as Dean plopped down in the middle of the floor next to the dead deer, a stack of wood and some sticks beside him. The human was trembling and pale, the obvious exertion weighing on him, but he sat up on his knees and grabbed two black rocks.
Gabriel was staring at them the entire time they sat in the corner. Castiel tried to ignore him and focus on his date, because it was rude to be so distracted, but his cousin was acting so odd that he couldn’t help but send him a discreet glare every now and then.
“He wants us to talk? About what?” Dean asked. The pen flew across the room and smacked him in the forehead. Dean yelped again. “Ow! Quit it!”
. The thought of Dean letting someone hit him or degrade him seemed… impossible. Dean wouldn’t let that happen, right?
“The pie, shit,” Dean gasped. “I gotta eat that. Today.”
Dean nodded shakily. “Sure, Cas. We’re, uh, we're just circling the lake, right?”
Dean had hit a nerve, though, and he could tell. Castiel could see the glee in his eyes, the satisfaction in knowing that he had made something in Castiel
Not all of the dates he had with his soulmate went this badly. In fact, some were quite nice. On their second date ever, Michael had taken him to a nicer part of the city so they could walk in a park. Dean had even gotten ice cream. It had been pleasant. Most of the time, though, Dean ruined their dates by messing up or saying something stupid. He was more than a little ashamed that he’d done it again.
Castiel turned and led the way into the house, not wanting to have a reunion kiss right in front of their neighbor. He wasn’t sure if she was homophobic or not, but there was nothing worse than kissing in front of a crabby old lady. No, he could wait to do that inside. Just a few more feet.
“Dean, look at me,” Castiel ordered. Dean blinked his eyes open blearily, somehow unsurprised to learn that he’d started trembling again. Castiel’s face was unreadable, but his eyes were ever-patient and gentle. His voice was soft but firm when he said, “Let’s see if we can get something to eat, alright?”
, he was so angry.
Castiel rubbed a gentle hand up and down Dean’s back, feeling at the slight knobs of his spine. Dean hadn’t been eating as much lately. Castiel wondered if that was Michael’s fault, too. He wouldn’t have been surprised if the answer was yes.
Castiel had slipped a veil over his emotions, a glass wall through which he could see them but not feel them. It was a method he’d perfected over years of doing things that made him wake up screaming days, weeks, months later. It was a coping mechanism, if anything, and it was something he observed almost distantly as he realized that Dean was pointing his gun at Luke.
“Wait, I’m way too heavy,” Dean said, already beginning to push off. “Cas, I can’t—”
, Castiel had told Sam.
“It’s gauze. I’m going to tape it on, and then add some protective material,” Castiel explained, his deep voice still soothing and gentle. “It won’t hurt you, I promise. You won’t be able to breathe through this side, but you’ll be able to at least be near the water without worrying about infecting your lacerations. It will come off in a week or so.”
Dean stared at him. “Yes, Cas. Pie.”
Dean took a deep, shaking breath.
Clyde had communicated that he could very obviously hear them several times. Castiel still remembered his and Dean’s shock when they’d tentatively asked the open air
Castiel shifted, struggling to find a good position to sleep in. He needed to get some sleep, damn it. He hadn’t struggled to sleep last year, even though he’d been sharing a room with Balthazar, a hyperactive senior who’d been in Castiel’s relay. This was bad. If he couldn’t get any sleep—
in between them.
“Humans? They killed a dragon?” Dean asked, blinking. “There’s a village?”
What did you think? Exciting? No? Tell me about it. ;) I'm interested. So far, this is a really fun story. I'm enjoying it. Also, thank you for the love I received on Evergreen, it made my whole week!
“I know you take Dean for granted.” Castiel’s voice had lowered from a shout to a low rumble. “I know you hurt him, if not physically then at least emotionally and mentally. I know that every time Dean goes out with you, he returns a broken-down mess, full of self-doubt and internal hatred, as if he didn’t have enough of that already! I know you demand his time when he has other obligations and things that require his attention. I know that you have absolutely no regard for his physical or mental health! I know that you don’t deserve him.” Castiel felt like he was going to explode. The rage boiling in his chest made every syllable of his words tremble. “You do not deserve Dean Winchester.”
Castiel rolled his eyes again, hand sliding from Dean’s shoulder to the middle of his back. He pressed lightly, urging Dean deeper into the apartment. “Of course not. What kind of a friend would I be if I let you consume an entire pie in the place of a real, nutritious meal? Of course, I cannot be held accountable for what you do
“Do you know how disappointing you are, Dean? How much your very existence pains me?” Dean’s chest quaked slightly, a sob that hadn’t quite made it to his throat yet. He fought back the emotion, trying to keep himself as still and quiet as possible. Luckily, if Michael had noticed him crying, he didn’t care. He kept ranting. “Sometimes, I think I would be better off having no soulmate at all. At least then I wouldn’t be tethered to a classless, disrespectful, simple-minded dimwit like you.”
“You do. And a vertebrae is your spine. That means sharks, usually, and your kind. I’ve only been able to study mer corpses before, unfortunately,” Castiel said. “I was amazed that you survived so long. I suppose... I suppose you’re my best bet at actually getting any real research done. You’re a living example of everything I study, and you’re also able to answer my questions.” He huffed a small laugh, wincing as he realized he’d missed the mark of sounding cheerful. “If we had more time...”
Castiel indulges him because he knows that this is a softer side of Dean, a softer layer. One that needs to see his family all together, eating and safe and happy. He sits on Dean’s right-hand side and rubs his kneecap gently with his thumb while he eats, and Dean eats his food with a beautiful, light pink flush on his cheekbones that Sam pretends not to see.
Castiel did something, and Dean jerked, his tail shoving aside a massive amount of water. The surface rippled, a large wave splashing against the far wall. “Hurts,” the merman gritted out. At least, that was what he’d been going for. It came out as more of a whimper.
After that, all bets were off. Dean swam as fast and as hard as he could, legs churning the water into a whirlwind. His arms moved like a windmill, always out of the water at some point. He made it across the pool, flipped, and kicked off the wall.
Castiel huffed a sigh. “I don’t know, it’s stupid. Please get into the cab, we need to go.” He hurried back to the motel room to check one last time that they hadn’t left anything, grabbed the knife that Dean had taken from Alastair that was still on the bedside table, and ran back outside.
Fucking finally.
Cas merely smiled at him, his gaze soft. “What do you think?”
The door opened, and Dean was enveloped in blue.
Dean dozes off against him, head tucked underneath his chin, snoring softly. Castiel holds him close, reveling in the trust the hunter places in him. Dean rarely sleeps so deeply at all, but to have him sleep deeply while on top of someone else is unheard of. Castiel is blessed to be trusted and loved so profoundly by the human currently curled up against his chest. He kisses the top of Dean’s head and flies them to their bedroom so he doesn’t have to wake Dean up.
Were his eyes garish? He didn’t think so. He only half-knew what that meant, anyway. He’d never really thought of how his eyes matched his clothes. Did other people notice? Was it a bad thing?
. It wasn’t my fault that situation turned ugly! It was heading toward that anyway!”
“When we captured you,” Castiel managed, feeling a little cold, a little sick, “were you trying to kill us? Were you going to bring the boat down?”
“And your parents aren’t going to be angry?”
Castiel calmly shoved a knee right up against Dean’s, creating a point of contact between them. Dean was wearing sweatpants too, so it took a second for Castiel’s body heat to soak through both layers of fabric. Once it did, though, Dean felt warm all the way through his body. He so badly wanted to duck down and put his head on Castiel’s shoulder as the movie started playing, but he knew that would be taking it too far. Instead, he pressed back with his knee to show he enjoyed the contact and kept his leg there.
Dean clambered over the side of the boat awkwardly, grunting a little as he landed on the bottom. Castiel swung himself into the boat soon after, nearly toppling them over as he unsteadied it. More shouts could be heard from the beach. Dean twisted around, craning to see what was happening, and felt something cold and sick sweep through him at the sight of a whole wave of security guards running toward them. “Go, Cas, go!” he cried, sitting up.
“So you have family. Are there... are there communities?” Castiel asked, trying not to seem too excited. “Cities? Villages?”
As he reached for the cabinet where they kept their coffee stuff, he noticed something when his hoodie sleeve pulled up. His wrist was still an ugly purple, but it was also painfully visible, even when Dean tried to ignore it. He typically wasn’t embarrassed of injuries, but Castiel sometimes got weird when it came to things like this. Michael had accidentally stepped on Dean’s foot a few months ago, and Castiel had actually gotten
Dean slid down all the way at some point during the bus ride home. His head came to rest on Castiel’s lap, his face turned in to press against the other boy’s stomach. He’d curled his bowed legs up on the bench seat and tucked himself into an impressively small ball. Castiel extended his arm to keep Dean from sliding, smiling affectionately as he snuffled in his sleep.
Dean and Castiel stared into each other’s eyes for untold minutes, the moon and heavens wheeling slowly across the sky above them.
“It was… uh, good,” Dean said, because he couldn’t really think of anything else. It had been good, right? “I’m going tomorrow. At seven. I’ve, uh… I’ve gotta see if that suit I have still fits.”
“I caught you,” Castiel whispered, words nearly lost in a clap of thunder. He couldn’t understand why he felt like shit, why he felt like falling to his knees and begging for forgiveness. This was a fucking
“Who took Dean? Where?” Michael asked, calm and patient as ever.
Dean hesitated, wanting to say
Castiel watched in awe as Dean arced backward off the blocks in a perfect backstroke start. His long, lean body began to ripple in a wave-like motion as he began to kick underwater, a powerful propulsion that sent him halfway across the pool in seconds.
“Scream, and it’ll be the last sound you ever make,” he threatened lowly, nostrils flaring instinctively as he tried to catch the scent of the man standing twenty feet away. The apartment he’d broken into was small. Castiel stood mere feet from a couch in what must have been the living room. The carpet met crappy fake tile, which indicated the start of the kitchen. The Omega was standing at one of the counters, holding a knife in the air. There was still a glob of mayonnaise on the blade of it. He’d been making a sandwich.
. He couldn’t make fun of Dean, that would be a disgusting thing to do. He didn’t know what else to say, though, didn’t know how to comfort someone who so desperately needed it. The situation was awkward, too, because this was
“Okay.”
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Very funny, Dean.” He didn’t sound too offended. They both knew it was true. Out of the two of them, Dean was definitely more of a ‘people person.’
And while it was unbelievable to know that this was how he and the Righteous Man would end, Castiel wouldn’t have had it any other way. At least they were going to die together. Castiel would die holding the only thing he had ever truly, deeply loved in his arms. And that was okay. It was okay. It was going to be okay.
Before Dean could ask him what the hell
“I gotta go,” Dean repeated stubbornly, even if that was the last thing he wanted to do.
“Yes, that one,” Castiel said, nodding. “You were saying it was a classic.”
, Dean scolded his brain.
“Y-Yes, sir. Uh, I mean, uh, yes, Cas. Captain? Yes, Captain.” Dean managed a shaky smile. The dark-haired boy squinted at him disapprovingly, as if searching for any signs of insincerity, but he must have found whatever he saw on Dean’s face to be acceptable. He turned away with a huff, going to help Coach Singer move the flags. Dean watched him go, something uneasy curling in his gut. He looked back at the event list.
“Yeah, I know,” the human replied. “We’re cutting it short as it is. Lawrence can probably hold off the other dragons, but we’ll need to keep Alastair distracted.”
The merman was strapped to a table, this time with metal restraints instead of leather ones. Castiel could see the bruising along his skin from where he stood in the doorway, though that seemed to pale in comparison to what had happened to his
He swallowed thickly. “Yes.” His voice wasn’t any softer or kinder, but at least it was a different answer, right? That had to be good enough.
“There’s pizza from last night, if you think you can stomach it,” Castiel said. After he’d brought Dean in, he’d thrown the takeout pizza in the fridge and completely forgotten about it. “Does that sound like something you would be able to eat right now?”
Castiel drew the curtains in his room and laid on his bed, staring up at the ceiling. Every time he closed his eyes, he remembered Dean curled up in the blankets of his bed, searching for his scent. He thought of Dean curled up in his nest in the guest room, bee held tightly to his chest, hair fluffy and soft from taking a shower, cheekbones pinked with warmth, body relaxed and comfortable.
He tore out of the parking lot and onto the main street, grip tight on the wheel, all traces of previous emotion gone. His face was set with determination, tear tracks drying and forgotten about. On the seat beside him, his phone slowly faded to black, the last text message he’d received from Cas was still on the screen.
“You’re going to accept?” Dean asked, throat feeling strangely tight. He looked down at the acceptance letter to Stanford, the owner of the best men’s swim team in the country and the school John had chosen for Dean.
The first meet of the season came a few weeks after school started. The Lawrence Sparrows were up against a nearby high school that was apparently fairly good. Dean didn’t know much about the area, but apparently the Lawrence team was the best in the state and wanted to stay that way.
“When… When do you think we could go flying again?” Dean asked.
“Goodbye, Dean Smith.” He turned his back and heaved himself out of the window.
“Dean—”
Castiel eventually checked them into a ‘motel’ for the night. Dean didn’t know what that was, but the doctor explained that it was like a building full of rooms that people could rent if they needed a place to stay that wasn’t their home. Dean seemed delighted by that.
Dean thought of what Castiel had said. The suit’s color didn’t really seem to bring out
Castiel flinched a little, something horrible and pained writing itself across his face. “You need to,” he said, voice so quiet it was barely audible over the stalled hum of the motor. “You have to go.”
“I’m not. Dean Winchester is incredible at flying on my back,” Castiel replied, willing his voice to stay steady and firm. “He is an unbelievable shot with a bow. He also managed to earn my respect. I would not have given him permission to ride my back had he been a weak-willed coward.”
“Gabe, I’m your
yet, and he was already panicking.
“I prefer the words ‘in love’,” Castiel replied, smiling back. “Less dumb. Less ass. We trust each other. That's enough, right?”
Enjoy.
“You love him,” Castiel said simply, without any feeling. “I understand.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean wants to say that there were a lot of ghost hunts, but that’s not true. “Uh, yeah,” he manages. “The one with the dude and the jar of human teeth?”
Castiel had originally asked to meet Arthur next week so he could spend some time with Dean, but now he was wishing he hadn’t. He was nervous all week, dreading the date he’d set on Wednesday. Dean was acting weird, too, avoiding Castiel as much as he could. He still made him breakfast and did his normal routine, but he left the breakfast warming in the oven and hurried to work earlier than usual.
the guts to make a move on Castiel, he wouldn’t. He
Castiel spread his wings and flew.
Alastair’s spiked tail whipped past, nearly clipping Castiel’s left side. The Dragon King's enormous corpse was becoming a very real danger. Still, despite the flailing wings and spiked tail, Castiel dared not maneuver out of the way, lest he lose the proximity and speed he had gained. He was getting unbearably close to Dean now, and even closer to the place where he wouldn’t be able to stop them from smashing into the ground.
“Here’s how this is going to go,” Castiel rumbled, planting his knees on either side of Dean’s slightly-bowed legs. Dean stared up at him, green eyes wide with lust and need and anticipation. “You’re going to open yourself up for me like a good boy. I’m going to remind you
A flicker of surprise ran through the stony blue gaze looking back at him. “It’s a method I’ve found to be efficient. The Righteous Man should not be putting himself in harm’s way for simple, useless things such as this,” Castiel replied. He paused, then asked, “How did you know?”
“I’m… I’m s-sorry,” he sniffled, needing to speak, needing to say what he’d come to say. “I… I know I sh-shou-shouldn’t be here, but I needed… I needed…” Dean broke off, inhaling shakily. Castiel was quiet, letting him speak, his hand still carding gently through Dean’s hair. “I f-felt so alone, Cas. I needed to see you. I’m sorry, sir.”
“No!” Castiel smacked Dean lightly on the shoulder. “What kind of a husband would I be if I let you eat an entire pie in one sitting? Besides, it’s one in the morning and you need rest.” He slid the massive slice of pie he’d cut for Dean over to him, leaning in to kiss him as he did. “Eat. You’re also taking a shower before we go to sleep.”
Meg glared at Balthazar. “Shut the fuck up.” She turned to Castiel, eyes not getting any less hard. “Who
Dean gave the doctor a small smile, though Castiel couldn’t see him because his gaze was on the road. “I wouldn’t, Cas, don’t worry.” He huffed a soft laugh. “You’re one of two people who knows about that. Two humans. One, actually. Mom’s dead.”
Dean glanced over only once to check on how Castiel’s swimmer was doing, and he nearly choked. He wasn’t sure why, but Castiel looked extra beautiful in that moment. The sun was coming in through the windows behind Dean, lighting Castiel’s skin a pale gold. His whole body was a solid line of sinuous muscle and elegant grace. His hair, drying and curling in the humid air of the pool, was a wild mess on his head. His handsome face was set in a very sexy frown of concentration. Dean bit his lip.
Castiel rumbled in agreement, flicking his tail a little to propel them away from the shore they were nearing. He wasn’t really trying hard to stay afloat. His widespread wings were keeping them buoyant, his slowly churning legs causing them to move slowly through the water.
“I gotta pee,” Dean said. Castiel rolled his eyes as his friend laughed.
Dolphins needed oxygen. They’d probably been trapped in the net for several minutes now, and with the way they’d been panicking, Dean could bet they were getting pretty desperate for a breath of fresh air about now. Unfortunately, when they surfaced near the boat and escaped, it let the humans know that they’d gotten out of the net and that it was potentially malfunctioning. It was only a matter of time before the net was dragged up, and more than half the creatures were still stuck.
The man snorted. “I got what ya need,” he promised. “Gotta stallion by the name of Prius. Best one I’ve got. Used to be a soldier’s before the man retired into this village and left the horse with me. Well trained and well bred.”
Castiel’s brothers visited sometimes, appearing sometime in the night to spend time with the pair for a few days before returning to where the Angels ran Lawrence uncontested. Michael and Castiel, thankfully, had learned to use the front door, but Gabriel still sometimes broke in through the window. They’d learned to just keep it unlocked.
need to eat an entire pie in one day,” Castiel said, taking a bite of hash browns and bacon as he waited for his coffee. He shook his head in exasperation. “Your eating habits are remarkably unhealthy for an otherwise healthy human being.”
The pain in his back was building. Dean remembered the torture techniques Bobby had taught him when he was younger. He bit his lip and focused on that pain, his mind zeroing in on the sting of his teeth in the softness of his lip instead of the tearing of the skin on his back. He tried to focus on Castiel, too, on the warmth of his scales and the smell of wind and sunshine and rain that seemed to cling to him. Dean missed his dragon. He focused on that hurt, too.
Dean turned around to face his father, rage boiling in his gut. He was fucking
Dean knows that, too. There’s a certain tone to his flirting now, a ‘
This was fine. It was fine. Everything was fine. Dean needed to stop thinking so damn much and enjoy the movie. He loved spending time with Cas so much that he overthought how much he liked it, and then he ended up wasting the time he could be enjoying by thinking too hard.
“Ooh, yeah, that’s pretty bad,” Dean agreed, nodding. He looked pretty proud of himself for figuring out Castiel’s real name, so much so that he missed the mini crisis Castiel had as he realized he’d just revealed he had brothers.
Castiel moved before he could think to do anything different, grabbing Dean’s face in his hands as gently and as firmly as he could. “You are a hero, Dean Winchester. You are the farthest thing from a coward I have ever beheld,” he said quietly, fiercely. He needed Dean to understand this. He needed the human to
They reached the Ryuu mountains in a few minutes, Castiel leveling out with a rumble of warning. Dean had enough time to tighten his core and his grip on the dragon’s back before they were lowering, tucking into a gentle dive.
“Dean Winchester,” Castiel murmured quietly, “what do you need?”
Thankfully, he didn’t have to wait much longer.
That was not the case. Things did not get better. They didn’t necessarily get
Castiel’s smile fell a little.
this second, he was pretty sure he’d pass out.
(See the end of the chapter for
, a movie that had only been in theaters when Clyde had died. He smiled a little at the realization that it was considered an old movie nowadays.
It left a bitter taste in Castiel’s mouth. His good mood disappeared, unable to be brought back even by Dean’s delight at the realization that waffles could be made flat and round and called ‘pancakes’ as well. Dean, thankfully, seemed to realize that Castiel needed some space. He was quiet for the majority of the morning when they got back on the road. Castiel felt bad for giving him the cold shoulder, but he supposed that was yet another reason Dean didn’t deserve to deal with his awkward personality.
Cerulean blue eyes stared back at him.
’ that Castiel can’t help but feel satisfaction at. Typically, Dean’s admirers seem to recognize that and back off. If they don’t, the scribbled numbers on receipts go in the garbage before they even leave the diner.
Castiel sighed. “Any day now. I would have given a day for the news to reach him, and a week for him to process and plan. Whatever is left is what it takes for him to travel here and scope out the area.”
they were. It was still killing. It was still wrong. Yet he and his fellow killers had been blessed with wealth and power that could buy a thousand blankets, pillows, stuffed animals. Basic things that Dean couldn’t have but definitely deserved.
“Okay. That’s fine, Cas,” Dean said, trying not to feel too relieved. It was kind of a selfish feeling, since he knew Castiel might be in danger or something, but he couldn’t help but be glad that the Alpha was going to be staying with him. Going to get breakfast was fine, but that was probably the most Dean’s Omega could take before he started getting restless. He sat down at the dining table when the Alpha prompted him to, waiting for Castiel to sit down with his own box of food before opening it. Dean promptly groaned aloud at the stack of French toast, butter, powdered sugar, and maple syrup that greeted him. “This looks
“Look at his eyes,” Cas directed gently. Castiel did, taking in the hazy green. “Do you understand this? Do you know the enormity of the power you have been given? Dean trusts you. He’s vulnerable right now, because he trusts you to take care of him. That is a very precious trust. Please, don’t ever betray it.” There was something weighted in the other angel’s words now, a heaviness that bespoke old wounds and pain that hadn’t quite faded, even with time. “Please, Castiel. You must promise me that you’ll take care of Dean the way he deserves.”
