“Tony, I don't care if this guy has been a customer since the beginning of SI. You are
“Tony Stark.” He offered a hand for the man to shake, and when Steve did, he politely didn't make a joke like Steve was expecting him to. “Heard about you guys, you know. Dad helped fund the whole thing. Far as I knew it never happened, since only the two of you went under the needle. What, run out of super juice?” The darker haired man chuckled, and Steve smiled politely.
“‘S for me and Bucky. We ate like pigs before we went under the needle, eat twice as much now. Wolf DNA or some shit. ‘M worse than he is.” Steve already had his mouth stuffed full, using his chopsticks to point at Bucky. He swallowed, then ruined the progress by taking a bite of a spring roll before he opened his mouth again. “Whatever they gave me to make me healthier made me need six thousand calories a day or some shit to survive. Add in that wolves can binge eat twenty plus pounds when they need to and it takes a lot of food to keep us fed.” Bucky flopped down next to Steve and Tony on the couch, his own box of broccoli beef already half empty. He quickly sniped a bite of Angus beef from Steve and the blonde snarled, snapping at the wood that neared his food. Tony yelped and almost fell out of his lap, while Rhodes heaved a sigh and Bucky laughed.
Steve each time his knot caught on the rim of his hole to “Please, please, need your knot, please let me have it!” Steve palmed his cock again, tuning back in to Bucky in time to hear him cover a soft hiss. “Bucky? You alright?” The last thing Steve wanted was Bucky in pain.
“Not the first time someone tricked me into bed to get what they wanted.” That one sentence spoke of such sadness and heartbreak that Steve wanted to go back in time and hurt whoever did it.
, a chance. Please Tony.” Steve held out one hand towards the brunette and didn’t move. Tony looked at it, then looked to Steve.
**************
****************
“Or we could make Rhodey run all the errands since he’s the big bad Air Force man working for the government and we three could take some time off.” Tony turned to look at them and shrank a little. “If that’s an option?” His voice was soft, and Steve bolted forward to scoop him up in a hug.
Tony tried to simply walk into Rhodey's room as he had always done, buried in his phone, and didn't notice the very large man standing further in the entryway until he heard the growl. He proceeded to scream like a girl, teasing a smile out of the other man, and yelled for his friend to “Come get your guard dog dammit!” He had heard the rumors, naturally, that Rhodey had human guards everywhere he went and that they supposedly were part wolf or some such thing, but he never put much stock in it until he saw Barnes for himself, five eleven standing at attention and six two with his ears upright, arms crossed and growling at him. Honestly, anyone who wasn't expecting it would have screamed. Barnes had even made a game of spooking Rogers every chance he got. (Spoiler: he got him at least twice a day, much to his own amusement.) Rhodes came hurrying out of his own room, wrapped only in a towel since he was fresh out of a shower.
“Then I won’t bother you again. We will stay professional about this, I promise.” Steve moved his hand a little closer, and could have howled for joy when Tony slipped his hand into it. The blonde wasted no time in bundling the smaller man into his lap and wrapping his arms around Tony. Steve pressed his nose to that little spot behind Tony’s ear and inhaled, finally relaxing for the first time in days. “Try to get some rest. We have a flight in the morning.” Steve had barely finished the sentence before he heard soft snoring; apparently Tony was so stressed out as well he hadn’t been sleeping, but now that the stress was gone, he dropped right off. Steve covered a grin and stretched himself out on the couch, Tony on top of him, and closed his eyes to get some sleep as well.
, how tight is he?" Steve’s fist tightened on his cock before he could stop himself.
“Tony Stark. Alpha clearance. Shh.” Both men shushed, listening as Tony told Rhodey (Honeybear, Graham cracker, love of my life, anything but his actual name) about some new merger he was travelling to somewhere in the middle east, and how he envied Rhodey for his traveling companions when Tony had none and why couldn't his sourpatch share just this one time “It's not like you really need
“Knowing you, about three days before they shoved you into the desert since your mouth wouldn't stop running.” He shoved Tony aside with ease, then sat down on the bed. “It'd take a few days for me to find you, since no one else would notice you missing. You'd probably crack some lame ass joke and then want to stop for burgers on the way back.” They both fell silent, and Rhodes shifted to move the blanket so he could slide under it. Tony looked away, his throat working silently. “Take Rogers, Tones. Please? It'll give me peace of mind, since not a lot of anyone can make it past him.” Maybe it was the quiet tone, maybe it was the note of plea, maybe Tony just wanted to make the other man shut up. But Tony found himself nodding, agreeing with Rhodes. “Let me know how long it's gonna take, okay? He and Barnes don't do well with separation.”
Steve and Tony barely made it into Rhodes’ door before Steve was being pulled into Bucky’s arms. Tony was a little surprised that they didn’t start a tornado with how fast their tails were wagging. He dropped his luggage inside the front room and started to look for Rhodey. Two sets of hands landed on his shoulders before he could.
“Sit.”
“C’mon Tony. Let’s let Rhodes know you’re back and we can find some lunch.” Tony smothered a laugh and wiggled out from between them.
” Bucky's voice was a rough growl, and Steve nearly whined at the picture it summoned. Bucky only ever got that growly voice when he was getting close to climaxing. Between that and Buck's words, Steve didn't know which to concentrate on. “I know I'm not there to help you out, Stevie, but do you think he would be able to? We both know he'd be willing enough.” And there was a picture for Steve: sitting on the edge of his bed, the couch, maybe even the armchair he had seen in the opulent living room as Tony bounced up and down in his lap, Steve's sheer size spreading him wide. Steve covered a whine, palming his half hard cock.
“Tony, honey, look at me. I’m not lying when I say I think you’re gorgeous. No, you don’t look like Bucky. But honey, the differences between you make it so much better. The whole time you were avoiding me during my rut? All I thought of was me and you, or you and Bucky, or me and you and Bucky. I think I nearly pulled something coming that hard. It’s not just for show. It’s not to get something out of it, unless that something is you. All I’m asking is that you give me, give
“You gonna be okay if we split up?” Rogers sat stock still for a long moment, then nodded.
“So how exactly did the serums change you?” Steve nearly choked on a bite of food, but thankfully it cleared. His cheeks bloomed red.
“Yeah, settling in fine. I...I think I got my days a little wonky though. I uh... I'm starting a rut.” His cheeks flared red and he ducked his head again, hiding the blush from Bucky. The brunette covered a smile of his own, and adjusted the phone between his shoulder and ear.
Lastly was Steve, who was a curve ball in her wide life. He broke everything that she ever thought as reality and threw her life into a spin. A good spin, but a spin, nevertheless. He had given her a different outlook, which she needed, but that scared her. What would she be like after this ended? She had no idea how long he was going to stick around for, as he would get sick of being stagnant. He was a soldier through and through, always looking for the next mission. He was put on this earth to saves lives, and he would save lives. He was destined to for it, and Toni refused to stand in his way. The Captain was a role model, and he was-
“Steve, tell me. What did the serum change?” Tony Stark didn’t beg. He never had and he probably never would. But he would never admit that his words came out with a slight whine to them. Steve covered a grin and curled his hands around Tony’s hips to drag the brunette down, grinding their groins together. They both let loose with soft sounds, and Tony pressed himself more firmly into Steve’s grip in a silent plea for more as he gasped out what sounded like “Big.”
“I...I kind of wanted to ask Tony to help me through it, maybe.” Well, blunt honesty always worked pretty well in the past. Steve hurried on before Bucky could talk. “He was in my lap at Rhodes’, remember? And I couldn't help but smell him. Bucky, he smelled
“How many knots d'ya think he'd take? Would he need a break between or would you just keep going like you do to me?”
without a break. Thank god Bucky can too.” No one but Steve would know about the tight whine Tony let out at the words. “Something about the wolf DNA with mine made my hormones go out of whack.” The more Steve pressed his nose to Tony’s neck, the more delicious smell the brunette put off. “Every other month or so I go into rut. Surprised I
“I’m not mad Tony. If I didn’t want any of that I would have told you no, or walked away. I told you Bucky’s interested too. Why would I lie about that?” Steve felt his heart break a little when one shoulder came up and then dropped down.
“Thought you weren't expecting company Rhodey-hon?” Tony asked as he was passed a container of fried rice, followed by egg drop soup.
“I’d love to get my mouth on you Tony. Bet you taste so sweet.” It was here that Steve knew how to sweet talk. The words came easily to him, whether he wanted them to or not. “Could lick you open, take my time with it, make you all loose and needy. Ready for me.” Steve’s hand tightened, slowed down. Tony’s hips bucked up to meet his hand. Steve only chuckled at him. “Easy, sugar, we’ll get there.” He could feel the knot at the base of his cock starting to swell already. “Bucky wants to share you too. God, just thinking about it drives me insane. Watching you two would be like a dream come true.” He tucked his nose into that spot behind Tony’s ear again, inhaling deeply before gently laving his tongue over the spot. “We’d have to pick who could have you first.” The blonde’s voice wasn’t much more than a low rumble, and Tony gasped out a whine.
The third time, Steve heard a sound around midnight or one in the morning the night before he and Tony were due to travel back to the states. Steve’s rut had finally passed through his system, and he was grateful for the fact that his hormones were finally level again. He heard the TV in the living room turn on and slipped out of bed to investigate. He found Tony sprawled on the couch, some infomercial for an electric pressure cooker playing with muted sound. Somehow, Tony looked even worse than he had the last time Steve saw him. His hair looked worse than a bird’s nest, his suit was wrinkled, and the bags under his eyes had bags. Steve felt terrible, and blamed himself for how Tony looked. He cleared his throat, not wanting to spook the other man. Tony shifted a little, showing he heard, but otherwise didn’t move. Steve ventured closer and sat down on the far end of the couch.
’ - Shakespeare's
, his mind helpfully supplied. He couldn't help but admit it was right. “‘M sorry Buck.” His voice was soft, pleading, and he didn't know if he was apologizing for it or asking permission. Bucky's end was silent for a long moment, and Steve wondered if the man had hung up. “Buck?” he ventured.
“Hey there Stevie, settling in well?” Steve ducked his head to hide a shy smile, even though the other man wouldn't see, then nodded.
Steven Grant Rogers and James Buchanan “Bucky” Barnes. Two ordinary men from Brooklyn, who both signed the paperwork to give their very souls to the government. Trial after trial after trial, Barnes succeeded while Rogers… fell a little flat. Barnes was five eight, decently muscular, and in good health despite being a smoker. Rogers was five two, an asthmatic, no real muscle to speak of, no extra weight on him, and without fail came down with a cold or pneumonia every winter.
. Damn ruts. “Stay safe over there, yeah? Call me when you can.” Steve bade the other man goodbye, smooched a kiss over the phone, and ended the call. He might have time for one more round before Tony got back from his first meeting. The smaller man had insisted that for this one, he had to be by himself. The owner of the company was in his sixties, graying hair, thick glasses, and a bad hip. There was no chance of anything happening to Tony while he visited with Mr. Daybies. Besides, Tony almost made him go deaf hollering about “You’re a secret government project Steve! This guy is interested in clean energy right now, but if he gets his hands on you it’ll be game over! Tests and tests and more tests to figure out the super juice to make his own supreme army!” Okay, so maybe Tony had watched a few too many “Evil Scientist” movies on the flight over, but Steve was polite and chose to stay.
he told himself. "Just keep your feet off the dash."
"If she doesn't consider it a weapon, what does she consider it? I think Stark mention that if he isn't careful, it could seriously hurt him."
"Shall do, Miss."
He could help the blush that was forming on his face. "What do you think?" he asked, closing the distance between them. Toni wrapped arms around his neck, pulling herself flat against him. Her lips felt salty, mostly from her tears, but she still tasted sweet. He knew he would never get enough.
Though she wondered who this metal armed man was, she had other things to worry about. She would figure out who this person was later, because the idea that someone was leaving a bloody mess behind him wasn't heartwarming. It was worrisome, but she had other pressing things to deal with. "That's the thing about smart guys, we always cover our asses," she replied, bring up her hand. Without wasting a second, she blasted Savin with the Iron Man plasma blaster that she was able to rig to her chest, rendering Savin immobile—though knowing him, it wouldn't last.
words from Barnes. His opinion of her meant everything to her. "Shut up!" She yelled, loudly. "I h-hate myself for what happen to you."
It pissed her off that he was mad at her. Why was he allowed to be angry at her for being out without a coat? She was a growth ass woman and she didn't need a parent.
Toni snapped back to the present with a Candy Cane being waved in her face. She blinked for a few seconds as the room came into focus. "What?" she uttered, her eyes narrowing on the hard candy in front of her.
Giving the three of them a look, the young man nodded. "Yes, Sir," he replied. "I'll be outside, getting the car ready to leave."
The boy kept close to Toni, watching her. "Do you need to be on it?"
"Yes."
Steve's face fell a bit, but it didn't stop him from wrapping his arms around Toni and pulling her against his bare chest. "Toni," he said, softly. "I'm not going anywhere. It's going to take a lot more than that to scare me away." His hands dropped to her waist and pulled her into his lap. "Not going anywhere. Do you hear that? Even if I have to battle all of your suits."
Though he wanted to say some smart back, Steve couldn't as Bucky did have a point. "There's always something I can do. I can't sit and do nothing."
Also, I was wonder who might be watching that 6 O'Clock news to see that kiss. ;p Same person who has that missing picture?
"Is that what we are?" Steve asked. A hint of hurt leaking in.
The next thing she knew, she was being slammed down into a chair, but it wasn't in the torture room. Instead, Schmidt had her tied to a chair in the control room as he looked over what he considered to be his masterpiece. He had a sickeningly smiling on his face as he looked over his creation. "Do you now see how foolish your choice is now, Sark?" he asked with her back toward her.
Pepper didn't respond right away, taking a few long seconds to say anything. "…Please tell me your dress. Please tell me I didn't call you during sex! Not again. Who answers the phone during Sex?"
"Stark," Barnes utters as Tony makes it into the room. "What are you doing here?" He's close, so close that he's almost in bed with the injured Cap. He's almost right on top on him in his lap, and Tony doesn't need to know what he has interrupted to know this is probably a mistake. Why is he here?
"Wait, what?" Steve yelped, his eyes large. "What's happening?"
"The Director would-"
"Yes, I do, and if you want me to help with
The Colonel took a deep breath as this was one of the reasons why he hated dealing with Stark. He couldn't stand his pride. "For someone who just got schooled by an unknown woman, you sure have an ego."
"I quite like my name."
"No, she needs to pick," Rogers said, pulling Toni closer to him.
"No, you aren't," she says as she glides him to the couch. "Never."
"You just want me to let her freeze?" He was glaring again.
"Because it's true," the agent stated, stepping toward them. "I know what both Barnes and Steve meant to you and how hard this is for you, but you don't have to feel guilty. We each would have done the same thing."
Steve didn't answer at first and just smiled at the man. The friendship with Sam had been an accident, something that he wasn't expecting. Toni, with her playdates, would laugh at this friendship, but Steve would not deny how much he wanted this friendship. He had thought it would just be a 'On your left' kind of thing and never grow beyond that, but now, he didn't know what he would've done if Sam wasn't here. "Thanks, Sam," he replied, getting to his feet. He glanced back at Natasha who still looked shaken. "You okay?"
"I said I would tell him what had happened to me in the morning, if he did."
Tony feels everyone's eyes on him, and he hates it. He downright hates it, and he wants to punch everyone in the face for looking at him. Plus, he really hates how the Red-She-Devil is forcing his hand, because this will only hurt more in the end. Sometimes love isn't enough, and it isn't like they can love him. They're afraid to even say those words to each other in front of him. So why is she doing this? Why can't she leave things alone? She hates him for crying out loud! Or maybe, this is her goal! Pain and suffering
However, as she stared at Barnes' forehead, she couldn't help but feel like her heart shatter. In another life, it could've been Bucky instead of Steve that she loved. She could feel it deep in her chest, boiling just beneath the surface. If Bucky didn't die (if she forgone the whole-time traveling thing), he could've been the one that she had fallen in love with. He could have been
He took another step forward her, his anger lessening but still very much present. "You frustrate me to no end! Do you know this, Toni?" He asked, loudly. "You're driving me crazy, and I don't know what to do. I'm racking my brain." He paused for few seconds, thinking. "But stop pushing me away!"
"Rogers," Phillips called, giving him the look. "Easy." Rogers looked at the Colonel before glowering at the floor of the plane. His hands were fisted at his side as if he was holding something back.
However, she had to read it. In shaky hands and tears running down her face, the reader read.
Phillips let out another sigh as he shook his head. "No, you need to rest." He stared at her, giving one of his famous looks. "You won't like this, but we're going to have to sedate you." He turned to the nurse and waved her forward.
? She thought to herself. There wasn't much she could think of. Maybe, the Colonel had something; he had access to a lot of things.
, you're going to have Thor bring him here?" she asked.
"I know she will, and you will tell her Stark has it."
"You-" Barnes stated
The assassin gave him a look, clearly not afraid of his tone. Romanoff was one of the few people that Steve couldn't scare off. If he ever gave her a look, she would give him one right back, and no matter the look he gave her, she didn't and wouldn't back off. "You're fooling yourself if you think Stark has slept while you were gone."
get soft. I’d love to get a hand.” Okay, so it wasn’t the best line he’d ever used. Most of those belonged to Bucky. Steve was not the smooth talker in that relationship.
Barnes was a perfect specimen to test. Rogers was willing, but his body far too weak. Erskine chose to test both. He worked for two weeks more coming up with another serum just for Rogers, something to help him bulk up and survive the testing for the War Dog serum.
“Always been good with my hands.” He twisted his wrist at the top and Steve’s vision blurred for a moment. He quickly directed his hands to Tony’s pants, and in a quick movement had the brunette’s cock out as well. Steve’s hand was large enough to wrap around both of them and start stroking. Tony let out an embarrassing sound and pressed his mouth to Steve’s neck to try and muffle it.
“Hey Tony. Been busy?” The brunette lifted one shoulder, then let it drop. Silence grew between them, and Steve tried to think of something to say. Just as he opened his mouth, Tony spoke first.
“Yeah, sorry. Only two moods I have are hungry and horny. Hey, now Bucky can take breaks and you can help out instead. I’m very generous in bed Tony.” He knew Steve was grinning and so it had to be Bucky that was growling softly. “Or I could be the one running errands while you and Bucky take some time to get to know each other.” The smaller brunette paused, halfway in the doorway.
*******************
before. He half wondered if a normal person would be able to take a knot. He almost didn't hear Bucky groaning in his ear. "Steve,
Tony was making! Soft, pleading cries,
“That’s not a no.” He inched closer to the brunette, his nose twitching at the new scent Tony was putting off. Underlying the coffee and hint of metal and the sweet tones, a slightly darker earthy scent greeted him. He itched to bury his nose behind Tony’s ear and scent him deeper, see how many other smells the other man was hiding. “I need a plain yes or no Tony, otherwise I’m going to go with yes and we might both regret it.” He gave in to the urge and gently pressed his nose to the little spot behind the other man’s ear, inhaling deeply. Tony inhaled on a gasp and managed to whisper a quiet “Yes”. Steve wasted no time in shuffling them around so the brunette was straddling his lap. He kept his nose buried in that spot.
Rogers survived the first serum, adding several inches in height and untold inches in muscle. Side by side, they both went under the needle as men and came out as something else. An unforeseen side effect of the serum was the ears and tail of a dog, somehow, and it seemed that the men did not match. Rogers carried the attributes of a golden retriever, long haired and fluffy and flop eared. It made sense, in a way. It matched the man. A person with a rather laid back personality until something angered him paired with a dog who was much the same way. Barnes, on the other hand, found himself likened to a German Shepherd, pointy ears and all. Rogers found this absolutely
Four months after SI went clean, and Tony was making even bigger deals than he had been with weapons. Multiple companies around the world wanted his tech in one form or another whether it was their own arc reactor or the very proper sounding AI that ran his building. So Tony traveled around the world as needed, signing papers with international bigwigs and making money hand over fist. He even found time to be with his best friend whenever he could, and finally got to meet the top secret government project of Barnes and Rogers. It…almost didn't go well.
“And if I don’t?” The words were so quiet Steve was lucky to hear them.
, and if I hear you two snapping at him, it's gonna be a bad time. Understood?” Both men nodded, and Rhodes let Tony pass to walk into the living room. “Hey Bucky, how about some dinner? Steve made his rounds earlier, yeah? Your turn to get some chow. You pick.” The brunette dutifully bobbed his head, pressed his cheek firmly to Steve’s for a moment, then walked out the door to go get dinner for the group. Steve watched him until the doors closed and then turned to follow Rhodes and Stark into the living room. Rhodes took the corner seat on the sofa, as usual, and Tony managed to sprawl his form clear across the rest of the couch to press his feet into his best friends lap. Steve took the armchair, big and squishy and just for him, and kept an observant eye on the smaller man. He must have felt Steve's gaze, for he quickly turned his attention to the blonde.
“Yeah. I'll go with him, you stay here with Rhodes. I won't freak as bad if I know you're with him. And we can video call, if you want.” Without looking, Rogers’ hand found Barnes’. They both knew that Rogers would need the video calls more, but neither said anything. They continued to sit there for ten minutes more, fingers linked, as Rhodes and Tony talked about mindless things: the latest invention Tony was working on, how Pepper was going, if Happy was behaving himself.
of the hotel. Steve saw him a total of three times over the next three days. The first time, Tony had passed out at the kitchen counter at four AM, waiting for coffee to brew. Steve politely shut the machine off and carried Tony to his bed. It took all of his willpower to walk away instead of sliding in next to him.
“Blown up by what? My own missile? That'd be some great karma. It would literally
“You’re right Stevie, he
“Calm down, punk. Plenty to go around.” He offered a bite of broccoli to the blond, and Steve huffed before biting down on it to take it, his temper soothed. He dug back into his own food, and the only sound for several minutes was chewing and tail wagging. Tony was slowly working his way through the soup when he felt something nudge his hand. He turned to look and saw Steve offering him the last spring roll. Tony looked from the roll to the man, one eyebrow raising. He wasn't stupid enough to take food from an aggressive man-animal. Steve shrugged and offered it again, and so Tony took it. Maybe it was Steve's way to apologize for his earlier actions, Tony figured, then took a bite and smiled at the blonde. Steve smiled back, then tucked into a container of shrimp something, nearly snapping Bucky's chopsticks in half when the brunette reached for another bite.
“I'll give them both a StarkPhone. They can video call to their heart's content. I shouldn't have Rogers for more than a week or two.” Rhodes nodded, then covered a yawn. “It's a new business partner, so I know already he's gonna go out of his way to show me how rich he is and how much he wants to be a business under SI.” The two men lay back to back under the covers, but Rhodes knew that he would wake up to Octo-Tony in the morning. The smaller man would wrap around
Here Tony pointed to his own plate, picking his fork up again to start eating. Steve felt a warm rush of
gave Steve was the final straw. His teeth connected on Tony’s neck as his hand tightened and jerked down. He couldn’t help the growl that sounded as he came. Tony’s hand followed his, and the brunette gasped out a sound when he felt Steve’s knot, then his own climax hit him. Several long moments passed as both men found their breath again, and Steve was the first to sit up. He looked at Tony, then gently placed both hands on his sides to check him over and make sure he was okay.
going by yourself to make a business deal. Who knows what'll happen? You might get kidnapped or something. Blown up. I dunno.” He ducked back into the bathroom to rinse his mouth out.
why you were so ready to jetting off with Stark? Didn't trust me during another one?” In all honesty, Steve
“Can I ask why you’re asking?” He poked around a little in his food, as if digging for a specific bite. He hoped Tony wouldn't notice him stalling. Tony finished his own bite before setting down his fork.
“Didn’t mean to get quite so rough with you Tony.” He had to stop himself from rumbling at the sight of his marks on the smaller man’s neck though. “Should’ve gone a little slower.” Tony made some sort of sound, but Steve couldn’t figure out what it was meant to be.
When ninety percent of the food had been eaten, and the leftovers packed away by Rhodes, all the men found themselves lounging in the living room. Rhodes kept the chair, Bucky and Steve split the couch, and Tony hadn't dared move from Steve's lap. Now though, he had turned himself sideways in the blonde man’s lap, stretching his legs across the couch to put his feet gently into Bucky's lap at Steve's insistence. After a moment, Bucky started to gently rub the smaller man's feet without being asked and Tony melted further into Steve's chest. Slowly, carefully, Steve gently looped his arms around Tony's waist to keep him steady as they continued to watch some house makeover show on TV. If Rhodes or Bucky noticed him smiling like an idiot, well, neither of them made mention of it.
Toni's back was pressed firmly against the wall, trying to make herself invisible as two guards passed her. She held her breath as they came within a few feet from her. She could hold her own in a fair one-on-one fight, but she couldn't take both of them on at the same time; plus, it would also alert them that she was here. She didn't breathe again until they turned into a room and closed the door behind them.
Steve put on his Captain's face as he took a step forward. There was a change in his stance and posture as he put himself between the room and Toni. "Guys," he called.
Shaking her head, she left the quarters that she was sharing with Peggy on the base. It was nice for a change; however, they wouldn't be staying at this base for long. They were just staying long enough to complete the next mission and after that, Toni had no idea. She might be staying behind at the base with Howard studying whatever they were having her bring back or she could be going with the Salty and the others.
he thought as he reached for his door with a heavy puff. Unable to stop himself, his mind went back
I don't. Just let me know. :)
Rogers looked at her. "Why did she do that?"
His heartbeat raced as he wondered why she was doing this. What was she doing? Was she trying to hurt him? He knew this was more than her putting up shields. This was more than a mask. She was being cold, distant, and it was worse than before. It was like she was hurting and attacking everything around her. "You can't say that."
There's a pause before the former assassin adds,
"I don't know about the heartless part." He paused. "…Or the bitch part."
No one responds as one of the droids crashes into a building, misdirected by one of War Machine's attacks. There's cursing over the comm by the team, a clear sign to how bad the situation has gotten. Using the views from a few different cameras around the city, Tony is able to scan the area to learn that there're people in the building, and he knows there's no one close enough besides him. Hearing the screams and the cries over the comm, Tony jumps into action. It's up to him, and he won't let them down.
What did she have to lose? Nothing, really. If she did nothing, she would be screwed. Besides, it wasn't like she had to fight this man, not that she didn't want to hit him a few times in the face. She just needed to get her phone, and once she put some distance between them, she would call the Iron Man suit. After that, she would be goldening. But how did she do that? Okay, she had an idea, but could she do it? She could possibly kill them both or at least break something in the process.
"I am impressed by you, Sark," he stated as he grabbed her bobbing head. She did not have the strength to do anything, even to keep her eyes opened not that she wanted to look at him. "I have not seen many men, who can last through that torture, but you have."
As she reached the apartment door, her eyes were watering. "Stop being a baby," she yelled at herself, wiping the tears. She needed to be strong and not a weakling. Taking a deep breath, she stepped to the door and opened it slightly enough to slide through. She poked her head in to scoop it out, and to her joy, all the lights were off, which would make it easy to sneak in. She slipped through the door and closed it softly behind her. Taking a deep breath, she headed to bathroom, where she could be alone, but she didn't make it too far.
"How did I miss that?" She asks as she steps away. "How did I miss that?" she repeats as if it's the biggest sin in the world. "They're acting like someone kicked their puppy, and during those weeks you vanished, they were the biggest assholes on the planet. They wouldn't stop pacing, whining, or checking the lab every few seconds. The Team just assumes it is because you broke up with them."
With a new smart phone in the cup holder, Toni pressed the button ignition and closed her eyes as the engine came alive. The purring of a fine toned engine was another thing that she missed, because there was something about it that called to her. However, it didn't have to be an engine as she got that same feeling whenever she worked in the lab. It was why she worked so often in the lab, and after this, she would probably end up in the lab more.
: he's going out. He's going find some chick…maybe two…or maybe, not. He's pushing his luck with more than one. He is not a teenager in more ways than one.
Though he did not move from the podium, she saw his mouth move in a rapid movement, but she wasn't sure if she just couldn't hear him or if she just couldn't comprehend him; however, she didn't understand him. "March 15," she yelled, barely making it a few feet. "H-Howard, M-march 15-" She yelled but unable to get the words out or maybe she did and she just couldn't hear them coming out of her mouth.
"Fuck," she muttered as the hallway was shadowed in red lights. "Calm down," she told herself. She fought the urge to run, because they would surely notice her running down the hallway. She was dressed as a nurse, someone who was supposed to be here. If she ran around without a head, they would know she wasn't a nurse and she was the escaped prisoner. "Calm down."
Her hand went to her chest covering her heart, which she could vaguely feel through her reactor, beating at a million miles a second. She tried to catch her breath and slow her heart by slowly counting as calmly as she could, but she couldn't get Barnes' angry face out of her head. His image crumbled Toni, as she bent over trying to catch her breath, but it was at the edge of her grasp and she was left heaving.
As she allowed him to deepen the kiss, her mind wandered to Barnes and stayed on him. It wasn't by choice, but there was something in the back of her head that wouldn't allow her to forget him. Something was wrong. He told her after their kiss that he would come back
"Toni," he replied, as he stepped to her.
on it, but she wasn't alone. She was in the arms of a man, who looked vaguely familiar. He couldn't place him, but he was familiar. He felt like he should know him, but something in his brain wouldn't connect.
. No woman should hold a bruise from a loved one: accident or not. So why Steve might not have meant it, Clint was never going to forget it, and no doubt, Natasha would as well. It wasn't like they didn't care or like Steve. They did, but he was super Soldier, while Toni was a naïve genius, who put others first. Sure, Toni could take out enemy base like it was nothing, but she was overly judgmental of herself and had no self-preservation. That woman would die of starvation before she would leave her lab. Shit, Barton didn't know how she was still alive. She was always second in her mind's eyes.
Giving him a stare like he had just said the sky was green, Toni pulled away slight. "Oh no you didn't," she said loudly as she pushed him off. "I don't know what I see in you!"
Tony lets out a chuckle as he steps into the kitchen. "We know it isn't for the money," he says, putting on a smile. He can feel every eye on him.
The knife danced in his healing hand as he took a step forward. The man, who had touched his brunette—No, Toni.
He smiled as he remembered Romanoff's reaction; she gave Toni a look of irritation that no one could keep a straight face through while saying, "Stark, why in the hell do you think I want to see that." However, Romanoff couldn't keep a straight face either as Toni gave her Toni's famous puppy dog face, which made her break out in laugher. When Toni showed Barton, he couldn't keep a smile off his face (which Steve didn't like at all) and kept turning it to look at it in different angles. It made Steve want to slug that smile right off his face, but that wouldn't be good. Toni wouldn't have approved and it would've earned an ear full from her. Banner, on the other hand, just shook his head at the picture and sighed as he eyed the brunette's big smile.
No, it wasn't as much as what Killian did or didn't do. He just brought out emotions, emotions that she didn't want to think about. She didn't want to talk about her 'weakness,' her guilt…or the fact that she kept seeing Bucky. Yes, she had told Steve this prior, but he didn't know how bad it was. Sure, everyone saw ghosts, saw someone who wasn't there. Right now, she could see him, but this was nothing. It was just a memory, but there were times she could really see him. It was like he didn't die over 70 years ago, and if she didn't keep telling himself that he was dead, she would think he was there.
"You don't have a right to demand to have it back."
Same Disclaimer as before. I am not own Marvel or make any money off this.
Barnes reached toward her. "You can't do this. You need to let people in. You need to talk to people, especially when you think someone's after you." He shook his head and reached out toward her.
"I don't-" Toni was unable to finish as Clint yanked her into his arms. "If you ever do that again, I'll put an arrow in you," he said.
"Director Fury. He was trying to contact Toni, using Loki," Bruce answered.
The Cap turned back to her and narrowed his eyes. "I-"
Entering the oversized kitchen, Toni smiled as she spotted the brewing coffee. She had no idea what she would do without the juice of life, though she knew it wouldn't turn out well. She would probably turn into a zombie, not that she wasn't already one. She was totally a zombie at the moment, and this coffee was the only thing keeping her from going full on zombie and eating some brains. She would love the see the headlines if she were to ever to do that.
As it was late, the tower was pretty quiet and empty beside a few security guards at the lower levels. Steve normally didn't mind the silence, but at the moment, it ate at him. With a deep breath, he started to hum as he tried to block out the silence. With the humming keeping his pace even, he made it to the kitchen in little time. Not feeling like cooking anything at the moment, he decided to make a sandwich, as it was something simple that he could do without much thought process. It was very hard to mess up a sandwich, though in his current state Steve just might; however, he was able to manage it.
"You'll have if you want to get
I would like to mention that my issue is that I get so many ideas and it is hard to focus. In fact, I had three other stories in my head when I wrote this, fighting to get out. I would mention that I enjoyed writing this chapter. I just had other stories fighting to get it out. So to get it out of my head, I wrote one them. It is still in draft stages, but man, it was freeing. It is called Catfish, so I think that alone can tell you what it is about. It is a gender Bender. Female Toni. Falling for someone you met on the internet.
Brock looked up, eyeing the Iron Man suit as it landed next to Toni. Thinking, he watched the water droplets run down the metal suit as it stood next to her. Even in the downpour, the reds and the golds of the suit shined through, and there was no mistaking the suit. "Toni Stark," he uttered, something surprised. "I didn't expect to find you here…at his time." His hand dropped to his side, but he kept close to her. "What brought Iron Man out at this time?"
Howard jumped in. "The moment you think you know what's goin' on in a woman's head, it's the moment your goose is well and truly cooked. Me, I concentrate on work. Which at the moment is about making sure you and your men do not get killed."
She returned his look with one of her own. "No, you don't, but you don't need to worry. There's nothing going on with Barnes and Me." Toni would make sure of that. Salty was correct: she didn't need that relationship. "And Rogers and I are just friends. In fact, I'm trying to play match maker with him and Agent Carter."
Laughing, Bruce asked, "Oh, really? Did they now?"
"Captain Rogers," JARVIS called out. "I am mobilizing the Suit to retrieve her."
She picked up the wrench and pointed it at him. "Don't make me kill you," she stated, knowing that she could never really kill him with him being her father and all.
"JARVIS call you?" Toni asked, breaking the silence. Her voice was hoarse, as if she had been yelling all night.
Glaring at him, Toni cursed as her back collided with the cell wall. She wasn't able to move any farther from him. "Then what is it?"
I hoped you enjoyed this. Please let me know! :)
*O*O*
He looked at her. "The name is Colonel Phillips."
"I bet," he stated as they stepped slowly. It would be over if they were spotted.
Howard took a deep breath as he walked around the chair toward her. "Well, maybe more like family."
Steve turned to her and returned her glare. "What makes you say that?
Steve reached for a towel on the bed and gently ran the towel up her arm. Again, she was watching him, her eyes following his every movement. He dried one arm at time before he turned his attention to her chest. He fought back his blush as his thump passed over her collar bone. Her skin, even with all the scars, felt soft under his touch, and he could feel his blood rushing. He could feel his heart race as his hand grazed over her sports bra.
With those words, Toni felt like she had just murdered someone.
with a dead man. She was mere seconds from losing it and trashing Steve's crappy apartment, trying to get rid of a dead man. Something was definitely wrong with her, and she needed to accept this, or it would get worse. Granted, what was worse than seeing a dead guy?
It just has to be as they also do things to make him smile. This relationship isn't one sided in the least. Bucky brings him food all of the time, making sure that there's always something for him to eat when he comes up for air. No matter how late it is, the former assassin is always up to cooking or making something for him. He hardly has to beg the man, and Tony just loves that. Plus, he adores the look in James' eyes whenever he makes him something.
With that, Natasha let out a chuckle. "They always say it's the quiet ones."
Toni cursed as it wasn't Peggy who had spoken. Turning around, Toni swore loudly. "Colonel Salty! How are you?" she asked with a fake smile.
*O*O*
However, the chest piece wasn't the only thing similar between them. He had seen the fear in both the present and past Toni, which most people missed. She didn't hide herself in her lab because she was lazy or selfish. She hid, because she didn't want anyone to notice how tired and exhausted she was. She didn't want anyone to see how worn out she was. She didn't want anyone to see that she had weaknesses, that she wasn't as strong as she portrayed herself. She refused to let anyone see that or let anyone in, which was clear by the lack of a personal touch in the Stark Tower. He had not seen one picture in this place, and there was no homey feeling in this place, well if he did not count the lab, where it was clear she had spent all of her time.
Steve places a kiss to the top of Bucky's head. "It's okay, Buck."
Peggy took a deep breath. "You like to play the victim, while you're the one leading them on. It is quite pathetic," she answered. "You just like to break hearts."
"Why don't you sit?" Clint asks Wilson, nodding toward the sofa where Bucky is sitting. It's one of few open seats in the room, not counting the floor or the beanbag.
"Then let's get started," She stated with a smile, but that smile would not last long. In a few minutes, she would regret not listening to JARVIS.
The genius takes note of Cho's use of Tasha's first name, but he doesn't give it much thought at the moment. His pain is slowly coming back, working its way up his legs, and it's too becoming difficult to think, not that it isn't already. His brain won't stop, and he has already come up with ten ways that the Brooklyn Boys are going to break up with him. "When can I get out of this place?" he asks, putting on a pouty face.
And what do you think? Think Pepper and Toni will end on on good terms?
"Don't push yourself," Dugan said from the seat next to her. He was giving her a worried look.
She could not get over the pleading in his voice, wondering why he was letting his fear soak through. He was trained to hide his fear when speaking, and though she knew he had fears, she never heard it in his voice. Yes, she had heard annoyance and anger, but not fear. Hiding his fear from his tone, he was able to keep his team calm, which was what she needed. Did her state really frighten him?
On one of the monitors, Toni noticed the Female Commander, or rather 'Madame Hydra,' which Toni still though was a lame nickname, trying to sneak out unnoticed. She watched the Commander for a second, wondering briefly what this woman was up to. Did she realize that the battle was lost and she wanted to escape before they lost? Was she not loyal to Hydra? Toni wouldn't blame her for that one, since Toni wouldn't want to be loyal to that group either, as they would probably shot you when you weren't looking.
"But seriously, you could do whatever you want to do and have fun. I hope you to." He paused for a second. "What makes you happy?" Sam askes, taking a deep breath. "Because you're allowed to be happy. You just have to let yourself, and that is to the both of you." He gave them both a knowing look.
*O*O*
Bruce's eyes widen as a realization came upon him, but before he could voice it, Natasha spoke, "If Pepper didn't do it, then who did it?"
*O*O*
*O*O*
"What are you doing, Toni?"
"Can we talk, Toni?" Barnes as he stepped toward her. He was dressed in his combat uniform, and even with his face all bruised up, he was sexy as hell.
*O*O*
Jones' eye twitched. "I did not bring my grandson for you to flirt."
And the everything is hitting the fan.
However, the tone annoyed Toni like no other, because this woman was not allowed to feel sorry for her, especially after what she had done. "You two can take whatever you're selling and shove it, and if you try to stab me with that, I'm going to go all ninja on your white ass. Won't even need the suit." She replied. "Cool kids don't do drugs."
Sitting down in the chair, he turned his attention to his boots, which also had a number of buckles. Glaring with snap, Steve was able work his boots off in a few minutes before turning to the buckles on his pants. His hands were sweating as he worked his pants off. He could feel his heart in his chest pounding, as he undressed in front of Toni, whose eyes were glued to him. When his pants were past his ass and by his knees, he got to his feet and kicked his legs out of his pants. Again, he didn't care where his pants landed, just wanting them off. They landed a few feet from him, but he made no move to pick or gather the pieces up. He stood there a few seconds in his under armor shirt and shorts, fighting back his nerves.
He glanced back to his men, before he looked back to her. "We don't have time to get into this, but I refused to let you do this to yourself. I'm not an idiot no matter how often you insult me. I know
However, that didn't fix everything. There were times that he doubted her, unable to trust her completely. Like the Spy that Natasha was, she kept secrets, not revealing them unless she had to. Some of those didn't even have to be secrets, though Steve supposed that was a life of the Spy. "What's on it?" he demanded, pushing those thoughts aside. His mind bounced back to the thought he had a few seconds ago. Why was SHIELD treating him like a criminal? Like a threat? Why did they separate him from Toni? There was no doubt that was Rumlow's goal, but why?
he thought, angry at himself. He didn't like the idea of her marrying Howard at all. "Why is that?" asked Steve. "Maybe, it's the last name thing. Maybe, you looked up the wrong last name."
To make things worse, she was suddenly flooded with more memories, though some seemed more like nightmares. Nonstop nightmares that Toni couldn't control. Some were painful memories, while others were repeated nightmares she had. She kept seeing the bloody deaths of her loved ones, and with each image, she felt like she was drowning. She felt her breath escape her as the imagines sped up, and she was unable to catch it back. Each time she thought she would, she saw bloody bodies, and though she couldn't make out faces, she told herself that it was Barnes, her father, and everyone else she cared for. Even after everything, she kept telling herself it was her fault.
Toni couldn't feel her face, and her head was spinning. "Maybe, I can just kick your ass, Bitch," she replied, trying to reach for something else, anything else.
Toni held back her groan, which was a harder than it should have. "Can we please not talk about this?" she asked, as she tried to hide her face in Steve's smooth chest. There were a hundred things that she would rather talk about instead. She would rather talk about Clint's dirty underwear. She would rather talk about how Natasha could kick her ass with both hands behind her back. She would rather talk about her childhood and her father's parenting. She would rather talk about her mother's death. She would rather do anything besides talking about
Before he could touch her, Toni hit his arm away. "There's nothing you can show me."
"Just stay out of it."
"Talk to me."
Toni's eyebrow raised, because she knew it was more than that. "What's going on? What is it, Pep?" she asked, noticing Pepper's stiff shoulders. She pushed herself up slightly, to get a better view of her CEO.
(See the end of the chapter for
"On your left!"
Toni didn't know what to do or say, because it wasn't just her anymore. Her decisions affected more than her, it affected everyone; she had think about them, which she never had to think about before. Plus, there was someone else she had to think about, and that was Steve… She couldn't leave him, not after he had been there for her. "Pepper."
"I took the liberty of coming up with some options," Howard stated, eyeing him. He motioned to the table behind him, which had a few shields on it. Each was more different than the last.
This is the last pre-written chapter. The next chapter is completed. Just waiting for my beta to return it. Once she has, I will update it for you.
Rogers didn't want to admit how much that hurt. He also didn't want to admit how badly he wanted to see that ring on Toni's finger, but he knew he had to give her time. He just didn't realize how much he wanted it. He understood her fear and why she was hesitating. Knowing her history, he didn't blame her, and he was happy that she was honest with him, completely honest. He did take some joy in the fact that she didn't want to say no. She just couldn't say yes, which couldn't be a good sign, but he tried not to be too worry about it. Seeing his ring around her neck gave him hope, and it had to be a matter of time. He took it as a good sign that she hanged the ring with his and Bucky's dog tags. He knew how much that meant.
*O*O*
"You-" she started, thinking about everything she had done. With Barnes' death, she had even more blood on her already stained hands. There was more death on her hands than anyone else's and that included the soldier holding her. She had done some things; she had been selfish.
Rhodes took a deep breath. "Because it won't. It-"
"When did I sign up babysitting?" Pepper teased back as she walked out of the lab. Toni watched her leave from the corner of her eye, knowing she would be seeing her again.
PS: I don't make any money off this story. Oh, I wish i did.
Sitting there in silence after placing the device down, Toni placed her forehead against the cold metal table for a few minutes. She knew she should get up and get something to eat, because Pepper was right. She needed food. She needed to eat. She was hurting herself by not eating but it wasn't like she was doing it on purpose. She was just busy.
Natasha took a glance at Clint, knowing he was insulted by that, but she understood where Fury was coming from. If anyone one of them decided to turn, there would be no one to stop them.
Steve looked at from the corner of his eye. "Are you thinking of leaving?"
"You are-"
Toni stepped to forward to block the soldier to buy time as buying time was the most important thing, even if it meant her death. He had his Hydra weapon pointed at her head, though no matter where he aimed she would be dead and there wouldn't be a body left for Rogers or… Barnes to find. Why were her last thoughts of them?
He crossed back to her and grabbed her face again. He had thing about grabbing the face, didn't he? "I'm sorry that I struck you. I forget my strength at times," he stated as he rubbed the huge black bruise on her face. It was surprising that he didn't break her jaw. "Maybe, you will learn to obey."
Her voice echoed in the darkness, leaving her to drown in her own voice. Though she could only hear herself, it was overwhelming, and she wanted- no, needed it to stop. She couldn't think or function as the echo got louder and louder. She tried to cover her ears, trying to block it out. However, it seemed to only get worse and she thought she was going to go crazy.
, He thought to himself, bitterly.
Skully waved his soldiers away as he noticed Toni was alert and glaring at him. "You're awake."
Natasha gave him a calculating look before eyeing Rumlow, Rollins, and Barton. "Steve."
The genius doesn't move, only glances at Steve as he enters the lab. His eyes settles on the plate of food that the Captain is holding. He doesn't need to be told that it's Bucky's cooking, though he wonders why Barnes doesn't bring it down himself. "Yea, Steve?" he asks, monotone.
"Cursing like a man. Walking like a man." He paused as he glanced her over from head to toe. "Wearing pants like a man. You must want it like we men do." He took another step toward her.
"Phillips left you in a cell? For what?" he asked annoyed. However, he wasn't annoyed at her which she could tell. It was redirected at the Colonel. "No phone calls or letters?"
When Natasha narrowed her eyes just right, it was like she was looking right through you, and it was the look she was giving Pepper right now. If looks could kill, everyone would be dead from that stare. The master assassin looked angry, granted she always looked angry. "His access to the Mark 7 has been revoked."
Toni's eyes widened as she turned to him, forcing her mind to snap back to the present. "You'll probably be okay in a Zombie apocalypse. There's a chance that super soldiers are immune to zombies."
Bruce laughed. "We all did."
"You're welcome." From this point, he walked next to her. "How much do you remember?"
Toni studied him, not sure what this man was going on about, but she didn't like how open she was in her position. She may doubt this nicely dressed guy would attack, but it wasn't wise to remain on her knees where she would be unable to defend herself. Or maybe, she was wrong. Maybe, he wouldn't attack her.
"Romanoff," he uttered, though he knew there were a better time and place for this. He didn't want Rumlow or his men to over hear this, but he couldn't go into battle like this, not if she wanted to kill him.
That nickname froze Toni, stopping her struggle, as she wondered how long these two were watching her. How much did they know? Did they hear her conversion with Phillips? She hoped not. Why hadn't she notice them? "I'm a screamer. Just ask all my partners," she teased, trying to hide her fear.
"Hey, now," Tony replies, glancing around the rest of the kitchen. It's just the four of them, which is more than Tony is used too. He knows he shouldn't shut himself off from the world or at least the team, but he isn't sure he can handle them all. Plus, there's no way that he can hide his emotion from them. "At least, I can feed myself."
For a few seconds, Steve just stared, not knowing how to respond to what she had said. How could she not realized what she was doing? Did she not care? Steve wasn't sure, but he was beginning to wonder why the hell he liked her. How could he love someone who would put everyone around her in danger with no care to what happened? "Is everything a joke to you?"
"Are you sure you're okay, Toni?" Howard asked as he stepped to the device.
As she slipped her feet into her boots, her eyes glanced to the empty side of the room. After the first time that Toni had woken Peggy with her nightmares, she asked for a separate room. She said it was so she didn't disturb the Agent, but the real reason why because she didn't want Peggy to see her like this. She didn't want anyone to see her like this.
"Good," Pepper replied. "Now, I have to put a stop to this hail storm. Toni, don't do anything else, until this thing calms down. You got it?"
That took Toni's breath away because there were no bright colors or no flashes ads like in her time. She felt so out of place in this city, because it looked nothing like her New York. Was this how Rogers felt when he realized that he wasn't in his New York and he was asleep for 70 years? Did he feel alone and that he didn't belong? Was he still feeling that? Toni never really thought about what he was feeling or how it was like to lose everything that she ever cared about. She knew Peggy was still alive in her time, but he wasn't going to contact her. He was too much of a gentleman and he was going to allow her to die in peace.
"Y-you think that's i-important right now?" Steve stuttered, reminding Toni of
"Really? You're worried about me? That's funny." She let out a chuckle. "I can handle myself, thank you." She stared deep into his eyes as she tried to figure out what was going through his head.
Rhodes looks down at Tony, confusion written on his face. "Tones?"
Steve smiled as he took a seat next to her with a hand on her knee. "You worry me when you're like this," he said, his voice soft.
Peggy stepped passed Howard to Phillips. "You all expect me to believe she's from the future? I have seen a lot of things, but that's a bit extreme."
None of that made sense. She wasn't safe; she wasn't safe anywhere. That dripping sound just wouldn't go away, and it kept her mind locked in that pain.
"That you're from the future."
"You started it," she argued as she put away her binoculars. She slowly pushed herself up into a sitting position and eyed Barnes, who looked ready for a battle with his rifle on his back.
"Yes, I like that idea," Pepper replied. "And you have to deal with SI while I'm gone. You get to be CEO for that month."
Because of that, the genius doesn't know what to call this feeling that he has for his super soldiers. He knows it's more than just liking them-Definitely more. His mood always brightens up when they're in the room, and his heart skips a beat whenever they smile at him. His chest tightens with every smile aimed at him. Sure, Tony has a sexy smile, which he has been told over a hundred times, but those people haven't seen Bucky and Steve smile. If they did, they wouldn't be saying that. They would be drooling over the Brooklyn Boys' smiles, forgetting everything else around them. Forgetting their name. Forgetting to eat, to sleep.
Natasha simply nodded as she turned toward Toni, finally taking her legs out of Bruce's lap. He could see the fondness in the Assassin's eyes as she eyed the Genius. She might not be as close to Toni as the others and might not always get along with Toni, but she cared. Toni was a friend, a friend she would protect.
"Do you even care?! Or do you only care about yourself like a true Stark? Did you laugh when I dead?"
"Okay, so don't tell me!" Howard stated as he pushed himself off the table. His pouty face was funny and she could laugh at it all day. "I have things to do." With that, he left her alone to her pleasure.
terrible friend. "Don't… Don't go there. If you do, I will hurt you."
"I won't. I promise."
"It's…a letter, address to you," he replied as he set his suit jacket on her shoulders.
"Really? I didn't think…" Rogers stated.
"She needs to learn her lesson," the commander hissed, stepped closer to Toni. "She won't be able to rebel if I break a bone, right?" She asked, glaring down at Toni.
"What?" Clint said, giving him a smile. "He just seems a little cranky! Just look at him." He waved at Rogers.
Toni let out a sigh. "How did I know?" she asked, jokingly.
*O*O*
"Nothing."
alive, and he
"Barnes?"
"Stark," the man called again, but this time she felt something on her shoulder. She flinched under the touch, which was painful, but the man only seemed to squeeze harder. "She…to…a-waking…"
"Just because I agree to let you help, it does not mean I forgive you," she stated as she tucked the gun away.
"Murderer."
When Steve first met Toni (excluding the time traveling), he wasn't allowed anywhere hear the lab, not trusting him in her safe haven. As time went on and with baby steps, he was slowly allowed into her lab for a growing amount of time, and though they didn't speak much in the lab, he had never felt closer to the brunette. Watching her work, he learned who she was, understanding the kind of person she was. Even if she wore a mask most of the time, he could see how much she cared, how much she was willing to risk to help others. He saw how much she worried about the world around her. How could he not fall for a woman, who was so selfless?
Her crazy stalker stepped forward, alarmed at the blood dripping from Toni's throat. "What are doing? My master wants her alive."
"I will always say that," she countered, irritated. Her head ached as more memories flashed before her eyes, but she wouldn't let it get to her as she had to deal with Loki, who was up to something. How did he know that Skully was after her? Was he up to something, using Skully to do it? She glared at him as he entered her personal bubble. "Now what?" she asked, noticing his eyes on her.
“Classified information, Sir. Even if I knew, I wouldn't be allowed to tell.” He kept his back ramrod straight as he sat there, watching Rhodes and his friend argue over what to watch on TV. Tony was all for binging Star Wars for the umpteenth time (Steve and Bucky have
Temperatures didn't bother them, extra weight didn't seem to be an issue, and they never seemed to tire. The higher ups in the military shook each others hands and slapped each other on the back, congratulating themselves on a job well done while Dr. Erskine and his friend sat down and had a drink with the two newest recruits. Another unforeseen side effect was that alcohol no longer seemed to affect them. Or, at least, not in the quantities that most humans consumed. To even start a buzz, they would need to down two large bottles of highly alcoholic spirits. It was more symbolic when they joined Dr. Erskine and his friend. They made it a small party among themselves, the government military workers and the lab rats. It lasted well into the night. Erskine personally didn't remember much the next day. Barnes and Rogers did, but were polite enough to keep the secret. Soon enough, they were being sent on missions.
quietly (so quietly both men had to lean to even somewhat hear) Tony replied “Yes please.” Barnes turned to Rogers, his ears falling down to lay on his head.
“I’m sorry.” Steve quickly shut his mouth and listened. “I’m sorry for how I acted and I’m sorry for making you do that. I took advantage of you when you weren’t in a right state of mind and I was selfish for it. I’m sorry.” Tony looked absolutely heartbroken. Steve felt an overwhelming urge to bundle the man up in his arms and never let go. He moved to the middle cushion and made sure Tony could see him.
Besides, it gave Toni something to poke fun at. She could and would joke about him having a second family in DC with some blonde (Or red- color didn't matter) from down the hall. Joke that he had some hot blonde that he could replace her with. That he
"I just wished that I…" Toni drifted off as she closed her eyes. She was quiet for an ungodly amount of time, and she was so stiff in his arms. "And you love this hot mess?"
Steve found his roommate siting at the small table with a deep worried expression on his face. "What do you think she had been through to have dreams like that?" Steve asked as he took a set across from Bucky.
*O*O*
Steve took a step forward as Clint insulted him again. "You remind me of a bully," he stated, irritated. Clint took a step forward, staring down Steve. "You know you can't take me in a real fight so you have to throw insults."
Toni snickered, knowing Peggy. Even with a hand tied behind her back, Peggy could still take her. "Well, I'm a lousy shot, but I can still put up a good fight."
Toni's heart flickered in her chest, skipping a beat. She wanted to scream 'yes,' but let's be honest, Steve was her first
"I like questions," Howard stated.
"They got sent on a high priority assignment," Clint replied, though adding, "And don't ask me what it is. I don't know," quickly. Unlike Natasha, Clint was not safe from Steve's anger.
Toni's eyes twitched. Why did everyone keep telling her that? She had enough matters, thank you very much. "Listen, Buddy. I am not in the mood, so why don't you get going," she said. "Or stay and I kick your ass."
The Super Soldier was now smiling at her. "Well, if the slipper fits."
lives? No. Do I like how interested the world is in our sex life? No, I really don't, but I don't care as long as I have you," he said, placing another kiss to the top of her head. "On the plus side, we do get little things like these ornaments, and I like the feeling that it gives me when I see it."
Toni brought her knees to her chest and wrapped her arms around them tightly. It put a hard pressure against her chest, making it semi awkward to breathe, but she was comforted by this feeling. It made the world feel a little bit smaller, even though she could still feel the vastness of space around her and the endless possibilities in it. She tried to force back the day mares, that plagued her mind; however, they were unkillable. Trying to force back the tears, she tried to calm herself with a few deep breaths, though failing.
Sighing, Pepper looked at her as if she didn't believe her. "Well, I made food. Come upstairs."
Giving her a look, Bruce twisted and slowly popped the reactor out of her the brunette's chest. Before even taking a real look, he could tell that some of the wires were fried; however, it wasn't enough to malfunction. "I know you," he said, his eyes still on the reactor. Not disconnecting the device yet from her chest, he examined each wire. "I know when you're lying."
Toni smiled ear to ear. "If you didn't, I would say there was something wrong with you." For today, she felt better, felt better about Mr. Wilson here. Maybe, she could track this man down later when she was alone. She wasn't sure why she was so nervous now.
It made him wonder why his handlers would want her as she was anything but discreet. What would make her a good Asset? She would definitely end up the chair more times than not, as there was no doubt that her mouth would anger the handlers. They would do whatever it took to beat it out of her…Though he supposed after it was beaten out of her, she would be a good Asset, providing must needed intel in a different fields…However, the idea of this woman becoming an asset like him didn't sit well with him. It brought out the same urge as before: to yank her from the crowd and drag her to some place safe—though he would probably have to face the Beefy Blond.
*O*O*
"So? Are you the only one who can?" he asked annoyed. Bucky, who wasn't sly at all, was a ladies' man and could get any woman that he wanted, which had annoyed Steve. There were times, though he tried to be sneaky about it, that Steve had seen women leave his room, which was awkward to say the least.
"Go check that bag."
"How did you find her here?" he asked.
Letting out a smiling chuckle, Sharon sets the plate in front of Toni. "But hey, I look at it this way. I'm doing this to help someone. Doing this for the greater good. Not to look good."
Pepper raised her hand, stopping him. "Enough, James," she said. "I get it. She made her choice."
words to her? "No." She was shaking.
"I think, but I need a drink first," Bruce said, as he walked to the bar and poured himself a whiskey, but it didn't last. The whiskey burned as he downed it in one slip.
Feeling like someone was sitting on her chest, she brought the phone to her ear, as she hit the green button. Not the religious in any sense, Toni found herself praying. She was begging for whatever god there was to let Jim answer. She knew he was going to be upset, especially at Steve for leaving her alone, but she didn't care. She just needed someone to answer. To tell her that she wasn't going insane. JARVIS could only do so much for her, though she wished she was back at her Tower, so she could 'wrap' herself in the AI. "Jimmy Bear," she called, listening to the ringing. "Pick up. Please pick up!" When it finally went to voice mail, she ended the call and tried again. "Please."
"Better then you, Toni. I didn't faint from exhaustion," she replied. "Also, hadn't been kidnap as many times either."
She turned back to Barnes, who was leaning back against the counter. "I don't want to impose."
"Here," Clint said, drawing Steve's attention. He stood a few feet from the couple, holding a couple of towels. "And let me tell you, Stark likes to hide the towels. I felt like I was looking for the lost-"
Barnes was a good few feet in front of her and for some reason, she had trouble closing the distance between them. It was like her body didn't want to move and she tired too easily. What was wrong with her? Did something happen to her and she not know it? "Bucky!" she yelled, running into the house. "B-"
There was a glare in Steve's eyes that Bucky had never seen before. Steve had been pissed at him many times for some reason or another, but he had never seen him this mad before and Bucky really didn't understand why. He didn't say anything that was untrue or wrong. It was no secret that Steve had no luck or game with the ladies. "I didn't mean it like that," he stated, thinking he might have crossed the line. "You and ladies just don't mix, but I'm sorry if I insulted you."
Toni let out a sigh, wondering what Steve would do if he learned how much she detested it. Okay, she didn't detest the smell… or the season; she just didn't like the feeling she got whenever she heard about someone's Christmas. She wasn't jealous—okay, maybe a little-, but she blamed it on the fact that she missed the Christmases that she used to have. "It smells like a forest, and I won't be here anyway. Be in Malibu."
Who was that third Party? Why would the third party tell Hydra? That freaked her but she used that fear to motivate her and she was able to pull the blade from her boot. Without a second thought, she brought the blade down on the Commander's arm, slicing into her flesh. The woman cursed loudly as the knife stuck into the arm. She dropped Toni, who landed hard on the ground.
"You don't need your tongue," he said, reaching the tool into Toni's mouth. The only thing she could do was try to move her tongue out of the way.
She pondered how much she should care. Yes, Iron Man was a hero, and she knew Steve could never walk away from someone who needed help, but she refused to be dragged into his mess. He only asked for help when it benefit him, though she guessed the man had a point, considering she was Toni Stark. She only had one level: loud. However, she could keep things quiet if she wanted to. The issue with Fury was that he kept everyone in the dark and then expected people to follow him. It got old real fast.
"At least you got a nickname," Howard replied with a smile.
"Toni," he uttered, shock was present on his face.
Toni did not need or want a gentleman, as it was the opposite of what she needed or wanted. "I don't-"
"I know."
"None that I'll say in public," she winked, "but the name is Toni…Sark." She stumbled over the last name. She had a few bedroom nicknames, but they did not need to know them.
"Toni," one of the voices, she wasn't sure which, said. She felt a hand on her face.
"We have another lead on the items stolen from Black Hawk, and we have to move on it fast," Barton said. His eyed flicked to Natasha. "Fury believes it might throw them off if they see the Iron Man suit."
"Well," she said, feeling her heart beating a million miles per second. "He was going on and on about how he was going recode Human DNA into something else. Talking about how he was going to create what it sounds like more Soldier Soldiers and stuff." Toni didn't even stop to look at the surprised look on Steve's face. "And all I wanted was for him to shut up, because we have enough Super Soldiers in this world, and we don't need any more, especially if he just saw them as weapons. Besides, the one we got is amazing enough, and if I really wanted more amazing Super Soldiers, I have you… And well, this," she said as she placed a hand to her stomach. "I said that aloud so he thought–"
, Bucky was such a goddamn tease. “You know how I beg for it Stevie. Think he’d do the same? I bet he’d last three rounds, maybe four if you skipped one.” Hell, Steve could picture it easy. Going by the sounds he was making, Bucky was
Then the tests began again. Endurance, stamina, agility; one soldier jokingly set up a dog agility course and nearly found himself minus an arm courtesy of Barnes. Rogers almost laughed himself sick at the joke. On and on the tests went: how much weight the men could carry, how long they could keep pace with vehicles, what temperatures they could endure. Any and all tests they ran were met with outstanding results: basically, anything a standard soldier could do these two could do
, Tony. Promise.” He finished off a fourth container and set it aside, reaching for number five. Now that he wasn’t starving, he could slow down a little.
“Fuck, Steve, how big were you before?” Tony was rocking his hips now, grinding down on the blonde’s lap to make him growl softly. “No, nevermind, why are you still wearing
at the mention that Tony remembered his dietary needs. Quickly following was a rush of
Steve sat. Tony barely got away in time. Tony knew better than to crack a joke about Steve's training. Rhodes turned his gaze to the brunette, one eyebrow slowly raising. One hand came up and Rhodes pointed to Steve's lap. Tony wisely didn't say a word as he scooted slowly into Steve's lap like the blond was a mall Santa and he was the next child in line. Rhodes only nodded, then sat in the armchair. Steve couldn't help but notice how Tony smelled: coffee, metal, oil, and something...sweet? He stopped himself from pressing his nose behind Tony's ear to get a better whiff, and shifted around some to better accommodate the weight on his lap. Tony made a small sound, but stayed put as Steve moved about until the blond had his legs stretched comfortably out in front of himself, Tony's legs laying on them, and was half slouched into the cushions. Rhodes turned on the TV, and found a list of shows to watch, but politely let Tony pick which one in a decent compromise. Twenty minutes later, when Bucky returned with enough Chinese food to feed an army, he saw the picture spread out in the living room and opened his mouth to ask what happened. Rhodes looked back at him, that one eyebrow coming up in his own silent question, and Bucky wisely shut his mouth as he brought the food into the living room to spread out the feast.
as his hormones swamped him again. Steve took hold of the other fork and dug in. For several minutes the only sounds were chewing, the sound of Steve’s tail sliding back and forth on the couch, and the squeak of styrofoam as Steve emptied a couple of containers and set them aside. Tony lifted a brow, slowly lifting another bite to his mouth.
The second time he passed Tony in the hall to the bedrooms as Tony was leaving and Steve was heading for a shower. The smaller man looked exhausted. Steve tried to catch Tony with a hand on his arm but Tony managed to weave around him and continued to the front door.
they should watch Star Wars instead of Big Brother or Jersey Shore or what the fuck ever. When Rhodes simply held the remote in his far hand, then reached as far past the arm of the couch as he could, Tony decided to act like a child as well and went diving after it, climbing into Rhodes’ lap before grabbing his arm so he couldn't move it away and reaching. It all happened within a second or two, and as soon as Stark was in Rhodes’ lap, Steve was on his feet and
had come from, but now that it was out there he wasn’t going to take it back. He saw just a light dusting of color coat Tony’s cheeks.
“Had worse. No problem.” Tony managed to sit up as well, with only a little help from Steve, and looked around. Once he found his bearings, he stood from Steve’s lap and tucked himself back into his pants before buttoning and zipping them. “‘M gonna head to bed. Long day. Another long day tomorrow. Good night.” Steve barely had time to say “Good night” back before Tony’s door was gently clicking shut. The blonde sat there for a minute, wondering where in the hell he went wrong.
“Sit, Steve.”
able to make himself presentable before walking over and opening the door. He slipped on a shirt right before turning the knob, and the first thing that greeted him was the smell of food. The next thing he noticed was Tony, looking a little more rumpled than he had before he left. Steve’s nose twitched at the scent the other man was unknowingly putting off. He managed to stop himself from leaning in and getting a better whiff.
So naturally, having been friends with Mr. Stark since he was in college (at seventeen, thank you very much) painted a very large target on his back. What better way to get to Stark than his best friend? But if any of the mercenaries sent to “collect” him had been around, they could testify that it would be so
"Well, aside from the obvious, I put on about a foot and a half in height, packed on about a hundred and fifty pounds of muscle, heart condition cleared up, asthma gone, spine straightened out. Stamina skyrocketed. Me and Bucky both." And here Steve pictured Tony surviving round after round with Steve, stamina never dropping as they kept on. The blond covered a cough and discreetly shuffled around before taking a bite of food. “Reflexes are faster, I don’t get tired nearly as fast as other soldiers. This is gonna sound mean, but I’m pretty sure they made me and Buck into peak humans. Not much better than us, you know?” Tony nodded, then shuffled his food around a little more before setting his plate aside.
of them hon, Barnes is plenty enough on his own.” Everything fell silent for a moment, until Rhodey asked Tony if he would like to borrow one of them. Very,
“M-maybe both at once. Tried it before, wasn’t too bad.” The picture
When the door unlocked Barnes and Rogers quickly stood, taking a couple steps back as they did, before the door opened to let Rhodes out first. He looked at Bucky, then Steve, then stood guard as Tony walked slowly out.
