“Yes, I’m a doctor,” Cas manages to say while he has Jo’s attention.
Cas shuffled and awkwardly thanked her.
Dean laughed softly and rubbed his thumb across Castiel’s skin. “Hey, do you wanna go out on Thursday?”
Warning for Cas discussing his gender and experiencing some vessel-related form of body dysmorphia
“Well, yes, Cas, I feel your dainty little hand on my—oh. She’s coming.”
“I’m sorry.”
Dean didn’t notice anything about Cas’ cock other than it was
Dean walks out to the kitchen wearing a towel around his waist and one around his hair. Sam and Eileen are making sandwiches while Jack sits on a barstool at the island reading a book.
Dean’s heart pounded against his rib cage. He had rehearsed this conversation over and over in his head, but he always pictured that he would be holding Cas, touching him. “You were different from the day I met you, man. I was just looking for somebody to fill my Thursday, but then we didn’t even fuck and I wanted to spend all my time with you, and I just—I thought I could live two lives. I’m really bad at this, Cas.”
In a moment of clarity, Dean decided to come clean. “Mildred, you know about my lifestyle, right?”
That night, Dean retires to his room after getting Amara down and calls Cas three times in a row before leaving a voicemail.
“I got your voicemail,” Cas says without turning around. No inflection in his voice.
“I wanted to tell you,” Cas says regretfully. “He kept me aware enough to know how he was treating you. Dean, I hope you know I would never—I would never do anything to make you uncomfortable. Most of my social cues I’ve learned from you, so I know what is and isn’t appropriate, and I know he crossed a—”
“Dean.”
,” Dean stutters.
“Don’t be sad, Dean,” Amara says without even looking over at him. “I love you.”
“Yeah, Cas,
“Wow, he really has you whipped,” Jody whispers to Cas.
“Let me heal you,” Cas said as he crossed the room and knelt by Dean’s bed.
Sam looks at Charlie as he pulls his phone out of his pocket. It’s quiet for a minute as he scrolls, then he says, “It took almost two months.”
“Yeah, I had to replace the oxygen. Do you want to come in–”
Dean is typing on his laptop when Cas clears his throat from the hall. Dean looks up immediately, raking his eyes up and down Cas’ glistening, swollen body as he walks shirtless toward their bedroom.
“Yes, sweetie?”
Dean:
Dean tries to look back down at his phone. He makes it about five seconds before his eyes find their way over to Cas again. He takes a long drink of coffee and sets his mug down as he stands up. He strides over to Cas and comes at him from behind, wrapping his arms around his middle and burying his face in his soft neck. He kisses the tattoo that’s on the juncture of Cas’ collarbone and neck—Dean’s name in Enochian.
A couple hours of sleep later, and Dean feels marginally better if a little groggy and disoriented. The bunker is quiet as he heads out into the hall, everybody still recovering from the trauma of the world almost ending just one day ago. Hesitantly, Dean goes to Amara’s old room and stands in the doorway for a moment, peering at all of the untouched stuff she left behind. Eventually he’ll get some boxes and pack everything away, but not today.
As Dean is washing his face at the sink in his room, Cas gets up and mumbles that he’s going to take a shower. Much like Jimmy’s trench coat, Cas has been wearing Paula’s clothes—high-waisted black jeans and a plain gray blouse—since he started using her as a vessel, but he asks Dean for a t-shirt and barely waits for an answer before rummaging through his closet and retrieving a whole outfit. When he opens the door to the hallway, the voices of Mary and Ida May filter in.
Cas spit into the sink then said, “It’s so firm,” like Dean’s ass was a specimen he was studying. He dug his fingers in. “With a body like this, you should be living at a beach. Or L.A.”
Sam was teaching, but Eileen was at home studying as usual. She eyed his takeout bags and furrowed her brow at him.
Dean fumbles a shirt and has to shake it out and refold it properly. “So? Did Cas put you up to this? Is he pissed at me or something?”
He cuts him off with a kiss, pushing him back against the small desk and knocking over the radio Cas uses to aid the divers. Dean hopes he was the only one out today. “Thanks for saving my life. What was that you said about thank God I’m alive sex?”
“We freed it.” Dean grabs bandages and places one on Cas’ stomach. “Whatever you and Sam did to get rid of the Mark, it freed the Darkness.”
Dean just blinks at him. “Yeah.”
Eileen walked in wearing her pajamas and signed, “You’re here almost every morning. You’re not saving any calories.”
When Dean saw Cas in the library an hour later, he couldn’t make eye contact with him. Cas asked if he was OK, and Dean lied and said yes.
“Charlie and Eileen, you two stay here. I’m sorry, but you have to,” Dean says. “Sammy and I have to go see Rowena.”
“Dean,” Cas says like he’s been caught doing something he shouldn’t be. “I was just finishing up.”
He flies off before Dean can say anything else.
“This must’ve been when Dean thought he was gay,” Castiel said, smiling down at the ridiculous picture.
“Christ, Cas, this is your brain’s home?” he mutters, looking around at the perfect details, an exact replica of the bunker. “We gotta get you some more friends.”
“Hey, babe,” he said once they were in bed that night.
have her claws deep inside Dean, but because the supernatural being with the deepest hold is Cas.
They were in the kitchen when Cas arrived, Dean cooking while Sam used his laptop at the table. Dean, feeling happier than usual, set down the knife and garlic clove he had been cutting and walked over to Cas to give him a hug.
He shoves the journal in the side pocket of his duffel bag.
Dean blinks and snaps out of it, backing away from Cas as he sees Charlie standing by her room, Amara by hers. Sam speaks from behind him.
“Charlie? Where are you?” The fog is coming upon him again.
Cas starts walking toward their room as he says, “Dean is an all or nothing person. So many years with so much shame, now he has absolutely none.”
“It appears I simply respond differently from humans.”
“Uh, yeah.”
“Something wrong?” Cas asks, still smiling.
, isn’t he? Fine. Jerk.
Button lives less than 10 minutes from the bar. While sitting in the passenger seat of her Volkswagen, Dean sends Sam a text to let him know not to wait up for him. His phone then pings with a text from Cas.
Dean:
“Lucifer being out of the Cage has been particularly miserable for me, so I’ve had to make concessions,” Crowley says. “I have a functional Hand of God.”
Clint walks in and stiffly points behind him. “The ladies took over the library. Should we do something manly in here?”
“Let me rephrase that for Sam. Where the fuck have you been?”
“I don’t know where she is,” Dean says honestly. “Where’s Chuck?”
Touch becomes a sacred thing somewhere between almost dying and losing his father. Touches are reserved for grabbing Sam’s face after he’s been hurt, wrapping Sam in a hug when he can’t stand on his own, hitting Sam on the shoulder to get his attention. Other people touch Dean, and he doesn’t know how to feel about it. (He doesn’t put it together that every touch feels like a reaper gently guiding him into death.)
“Did she hurt you, Sammy?” Dean says.
Castiel, on the other hand, looked like he was born to hike. He had on sturdy cargo shorts, a moisture-wicking t-shirt with the name of some 100-mile race on it, and a buff headband holding his hair back. He had one of those water-bottle-backpacks, carabiners hanging off his belt loops, yellow hiking sticks, and boots that looked like they were worth at least one paycheck.
in his corporeal form.
What? Dean instinctively touches his face with his uninjured hand and when he pulls his fingers away they’re black. Jesus Christ, why did he decide to shower
Sam and Charlie are both waiting in the garage when Dean pulls in with Baby slinging dirt and leaves all over the place.
Dean scrubbed a hand down his face and didn’t get up from his desk chair. “It’s weird that we don’t have any world-ending threats to face, isn’t it?” It was the same question he had asked Sam, but he didn’t think Cas would have a similar answer.
Charlie:
Dean bit his bottom lip and stared at his phone.
“I’m not asking you to.” Cas sighed into the phone. “I just. I’m embarrassed at how much I can’t stop thinking about you.”
Renee immediately commented.
“Dean, can I have my baby?” Pati asked from the kitchen.
“Hmm.” Cas crossed his legs in the armchair again, folding his hands over his knee. “Do you want to be a father one day?”
Dean’s heart drops to his stomach. “You still think this is from God? It wasn’t from Amara herself?”
Dean releases the anger in an instant.
Cas sighs like he’s dealing with an unruly customer. “Do you see any other options in your immediate vicinity?”
“I think you guys are great. So there’s a case like half an hour from here, want to go check it out?”
He was sitting on the edge of his bed, fully clothed in flannel and jeans, and he very purposely had the bottom of his face in frame. He waved sheepishly at the camera and apologized for not posting anything new lately. It wasn’t a live video, but he said he would get back to posting live soon enough.
Dean slams his hand against the steering wheel then digs his fingernails into the material. “Goddamn it, how is this happening so fast? How is she even doing it?”
“Amara? Is that the creature you’re hunting?”
There was a long pause before Cas said, “I don’t want you to think I’m desperate.”
Cas looked at him hopefully.
Sam clears his throat but doesn’t manage to answer Dean before Eileen comes into the kitchen wearing seemingly nothing but one of Sam’s t-shirts. They smile shyly at each other and Sam slides a mug over to her as she sits across from him at the table.
“Fantastic,” Cas breathed. “Was it—good—for—you?”
“Dean, what do you think it says about you that you showed up at one of your hookups’ houses wearing another of your hookups’ clothes?”
“I think I know what you mean.” Cas straightens up and clears his throat. “Well, um. Clint is giving Jesse and Cesar a ride back to their car today, and Sam is ordering more beds. The Lerners are staying here indefinitely, cats included, as is your mom and Charlie. Uh, Eileen keeps saying she’s going to leave, but…”
together, and then, just, everything implodes like that.”
Charlie didn’t look up from her computer screen, didn’t stop typing at her rolling table. “No.”
“I…I’m not sure I understand.”
Dean sits back on his heels, putting some distance between them. “You were infected. You’ve been infected this whole time, and you didn’t say anything.”
The next time they watched a movie, Dean tipped to the side halfway through and rested his head in Cas’ lap. He fell asleep before it was over, with Cas’ hand a reassuring touch against his shoulder.
“He could feel it? Was that when he was helping you, and you fell aslee—”
Jesse immediately put his own drink down and placed both hands on Dean’s shoulders, massaging carefully. “Benny went a little far this week.”
Now Dean is laughing. He pulls Cas closer to him and once again pushes his face against his neck. “You were just so stiff before.” He pulls back again and looks Cas in the eye. “I don’t like thinking that you were, I don’t know, holding yourself back. Repressed.”
“You were right,” Cas says. “There are a couple of neighborhoods that have been completely locked down, with nearly two dozen deaths reported so far. The high school has been closed indefinitely.”
“What do you mean?”
“What? What didn’t he tell me, Sam?”
Cas made a surprised little noise when Dean pushed into him, and then Dean held still and waited for Cas to tell him to start moving. It took them both a long time to come. Dean was exhausted and sore and collapsed next to Cas on the bed after coming between his legs. They had towels beneath them, so they didn’t get up right away to clean.
Dean had been bottoming for so long, he knew every tip and trick imaginable for a good fuck, and he made sure not just to prepare Cas but to overprepare him. It took an hour and a half of cleaning, foreplay, opening him up, positioning him exactly right on the bed, then finally fucking him.
“Hey, Crowley, you mind sending less horny demons next time?” Dean says sarcastically.
A few neighbors opened their doors to watch the scene. Sam came out of his house but kept his distance.
“I am. Are
Dean clenches his fists by his sides and hopelessly looks up at the ceiling. “Stop this! Do you hear me, you dick? Fucking stop this right now!”
“Not monsters until they act monstrous,” Dean says, his heart racing. “What happened?”
the fuck?” which got the attention of half the restaurant.
“I thought I was going to die. I never planned on making that declaration.”
“What the hell has happened to you, Dean?”
Castiel was still staring at Dean. At his backside, more accurately, because he was paying for his food. In addition to the burritos, he ordered a bag of chips and queso and a side of guacamole and one drink.
They’re checking out at the grocery store, and Cas places a hand on Dean’s shoulder and rests his head on his hand while Dean swipes his credit card.
“Hm. Yeah.”
“You know, you could’ve just said sorry.”
Dean sighed. They were standing out in the parking lot of the bar, about to drive separately over to Benny’s place. “Can you just—can you not mark me tonight? And for the love of god, use silicone lube. Please?”
“I’ll see you later, Lee,” Dean mumbled, grabbing Cas by the hand and continuing toward the door.
Really, the very first time they fucked would’ve been the best for video if Dean hadn’t shut it off. When it was dirty and quick and Cas believed he would get nothing more from Dean than a quick fuck that they never spoke of again—
bruise. A
Cas prefers his own music, but maybe he could get used to this as well. “I like it,” he concedes.
“You don’t have to come out to me, either. I knew that years before you figured it out.”
“So, what’d you think of the finale?” Dean asked.
“I didn’t know you read Harry Potter.”
It wasn’t a dildo, it wasn’t his imagination. It was the real thing.
She raises her hands up innocently. “I just observe and report. I know a lovesick idiot when I see one.”
“It’s OK, Dean,” Cas said with a shake of his head. “You’re allowed to hang out in your room. You live here.”
“There was another woman we met this morning,” the guy continued. “She was deaf. We don’t know—”
“Hmm. Yeah,” Jody replies. “Night, Cas.”
“Sweetheart, you need anything before you go?” Dean asks. “I can take you home, bring your car to you later if you want.”
Dean’s eyebrows knit together as he thought for a minute. Eventually he said, “I know you’re me because I never told anybody that Cas is in love with me.”
“We are different than most, Amara,” he says. “There are ways to defy Death, and Sam and Dean have discovered most of them. And then there are very special cases of someone coming back from being dead for a reason, like when the will of heaven required Dean to be alive on this earthly plane a few years ago, so I was sent to the depths of hell to forcibly pull him out.” He leans closer to Amara and boops her nose. “Your way of getting Charlie was much safer.”
Dean stopped and turned so they were facing each other, just a few inches of space between them. “I don’t want people to recognize me in real life. That’s a private thing we do, Cas, we can’t—I don’t want—god, now Sam knows. Jesus.”
Castiel’s eyes went back to Dean’s stomach. He walked up to him and traced his fingertips over the pine trees tattooed on his right side. “Am I allowed to call myself gay even though I’ve never been to Mykonos?”
Dean blinks down at her.
Amara. “Yeah, Dean, what’s going on?”
“Just forget it,” Sam mumbles.
It’s not until Cas lazily turns and presses a kiss to Dean’s cheek that Dean registers something.
“Uh, what?” Dean asks, making sure the woman can see his mouth clearly because he thinks she might be deaf. “What are you talking about?”
knocks them off their feet, turns a chair over and makes a lamp fall and shatter on the floor.
“Why the hell are you working with Crowley?”
“Don’t,” Dean says, his teeth gritted. “Get out of my fucking head.”
Dean laughs and looks at her. Somebody else runs through the time hole in his periphery, but he doesn’t turn to see who it is.
There was a knock on the door; Dean and Cas didn’t stop.
With a deep breath, Dean leans back against the washing machine and folds his arms across his chest. “Crowley’s in love with me,” he says quickly, eyes closed.
Dean puts on his usual jeans and flannel over a plain black t-shirt. He also has a necklace with a ring Cas gave him, but he wears it under his clothes and out of sight. He likes feeling it against his skin.
“Dead? I don’t know...I don’t know what that is,” Amara says slowly.
As beams and fiery debris fell around them, Dean pushed and lifted everything away from the crowd, severely burning his hands, but his adrenaline stopped him from hurting too bad.
The takeout food was waiting for him when they walked in, but Dean’s jeans were way too fucking tight and his short-sleeve striped button-down was constricting his biceps and neck, so he asked Cas if he could shower and didn’t wait for a response before heading toward the bathroom.
“I’m not too worried about that,” Cas says, his eyes fixed on the screen. “Steve is not very good at noticing clues.”
Mykonos.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He politely declined.
Dean huffs a laugh as he reaches his hands out to take the baby. He holds her against his chest and rubs her back, and she nuzzles her face into his shirt and balls her hands into fists.
With half an hour left in the movie, Dean’s phone rings.
Cas gave Dean a mug and offered him cream and sugar, which Dean took. Cas asked, “Have you ever read C.S. Lewis’ space trilogy? The first one especially, it’s one of my favorites.”
Castiel:
Billie gave a judgmental “mm-hmm.”
“Well, bring him in here. Let me get a good look at him and see if he deserves you.”
“No. Tell me something only I would know.”
Cas smiled into it and kissed Dean for several long, languid seconds before pulling back, opening his eyes slowly. “I do enjoy kissing you, Dean.”
Hannah squinted at it. “If they’re hoping to get a date during their five-minute trip to Chipotle, then yes, maybe.”
Castiel sighed and glared at Hannah. “Thank you, Hannah.”
It was a nice hand with long, thin fingers, a masculine hand, and it reached for Star Tattoo’s hip and—
Cas sat at the table across from Sam.
Crowley was looking down at papers on their desk. “How would you like a promotion?”
Dean shrugs. "I don't know. He didn't say anything about it. We, uh—well, I fell asleep. I don't know."
Cas squeezed Dean's hip. "Go ahead. You can answer."
“What?”
Dean wants to explain everything that just happened to him, but it’s slipping away from him like a dream, and Cas’ unfamiliar hand is gripping his sleeve and dragging him toward the Impala while Jesse and Cesar run beside them.
Crowley spotted them and smiled as he walked over. “Bloody hell, Dean, what has Castiel been feeding you?”
In the silence, Dean can’t help himself. He says, “I
Cas beats the shit out of him.
“Right. Yeah.” An image of Charlie swims in his vision. “‘Cause we have such a good track record with friends.”
Sam looked back and forth between Dean and Eileen. “Are you serious, Dean? You’re rich? You’re rich from showing your dick online?”
“I understand that it’s embarrassing, especially for Sam to know. But you know how I feel about it.” Cas smiled and squeezed his love handle.
“No, trust me, that’s easier to deal with.”
Of all of his days, nobody spoiled the shit out of him quite like Jesse and Cesar. They had been married for five years and didn’t want kids or pets, but wanted someone to dote on. Enter Dean.
Dean took a deep breath. “I, uh. When I was a teenager and Dad was gone all the time and Sammy and I had no money or anything, I, uh, started doing sex work.”
“Well, you’re gonna hate this advice, but you could try talking to him.”
She laughs and quirks an eyebrow. “This is an option in one of your books, but I don’t think it’s how you’ll go. I just have a feeling about it.”
Sam gives Dean a withering look as Clint answers, “Tell me, Dean, are you an expert on plaid because you wear a lot of it?”
Dean closed his eyes and said, “I, uh, was friends with him a long time ago. There was a group of us right out of college, and I was a little bit younger because, you know, associate’s degree, and I, um, thought I was gay back then.” Dean rubbed Cas’ back in an attempt to center himself. “All the guys I hung out with were gay, and we did all the typical shit you do when you’ve just figured out your sexuality, and then I, uh, realized I wasn’t gay.”
“People are nosy, huh?” Bucky says as he leans against the banister. “You don’t seem like the getting-drunk-and-partying type.”
“Stop cleaning,” Cas said.
Dean: [fingers crossed emoji]
Dean came out of the bathroom and glared at Sam. He rummaged around in his duffel bag for some clothes and struggled into a pair of jeans he outgrew a week or so ago.
job. You know, the job where I fight monsters. Doesn’t exactly pay well.”
but, uh, do you want to be monogamous with him? Like, couldn’t he still…?”
Claire continued pressing Castiel about Dean, but it was worth it for how good the pie turned out.
Dean just clenches his jaw and doesn’t answer.
“Do you, um. Do you date around? Like, have you had boyfriends or whatever?” Dean asked lamely.
“Yeah.”
“What’s up, how’s Cas?” Sam asks as Dean closes the door.
“I have no idea.”
Crowley and Cas disappear with a curt goodbye, leaving Sam and Dean to head out to the Impala by themselves. Dean isn’t looking forward to the long drive, or to getting home to an empty bunker where they’ll just be sitting around waiting for a call.
“I hope he’s ready for it, I mean, he hasn’t left the bunker since…”
“Empty nothingness?” Dean asks as they walk down the stairs together.
Dean reached his arms out and pulled Cas against his chest, rubbing his back reassuringly. “Do you wanna stay?” he whispered.
But she doesn’t. And when Dean, confused, blinks up at her with tears in his eyes, she gives him a cold glare.
“I don’t think I found anything in your head last night,” he says. “My memory of it is foggy, but I think I would remember if anything significant happened.”
Cas’ hand stilled around Dean’s shaft. “Um. Would you like to top or bottom?”
Dean put a protective hand across his belly. “Can I tell you something?”
While Renee got off, she fantasized about things she wanted Star Tattoo to do. In her post-orgasm haze, she left him a big tip and a comment to buy a toy.
“Hello, Dean.”
Dean sighs heavily and leans back in his chair, reaching his arm toward Cas so he can give him a neck massage. Cas very briefly closes his eyes before resuming his research.
“Hey. You’re alright. Um, where have you been?”
“Wow. You’re so good with words, Sammy, I could listen to you all day.”
Dean is in the kitchen hunched over his phone and furiously drinking a mug of coffee when Cas stumbles in several minutes later. He looks up from his phone just long enough to make eye contact before casting downward once again. It’s deliberate. Acknowledging Castiel’s presence to demonstrate that he’s purposely ignoring him. It’s something Castiel never would’ve recognized a few years ago.
“Dean has chosen you over the world before. He hasn’t done that for me. What makes you think he would have me stick around after I bring this abomination into his house?”
“Nothing,” Cas replies, his smile widening. “You’re just very beautiful.”
“You—you’re the one who brought it up!”
“No, I just have to work out in the morning,” Dean replied. “And then meet my Sat—uh, meet up with a friend later in the day.”
“Hey, buddy,” he said softly against Cas’ neck.
“Too hungry to care right now.”
“Yeah, I don’t know.” Dean shrugged then used his arms to hop himself up onto the counter.
Cas watches her as she walks away, and then he turns back to Dean and leans forward. “We’ve been married for a year, Dean,” he whispers with a soft smile. “You’re going to have to get used to this eventually.”
“I hardly think about your looks. No offense. You
On Thursday, Dean texted Cassie and asked if he could come over to talk to her.
Dean ran a hand through his hair, ruining the perfect coif. “OK. It’s my new Thursday that I also saw last night into this morning.”
be a dad.
“Or else what? You can’t do anything! You’re just some human pretending to be my dad!” Lights flicker.
“Then what’s the point?”
“Thank you.”
“What are you doing in your room all the time then?”
“Leave it, Sammy.” Dean cups Cas’ face in his hands again, rubbing his thumbs lightly over his cheeks, praying to Cas in his head, begging him to wake up.
“I don’t know, Cas, maybe because I’m losing it?” Dean lets out a nervous laugh and clenches his fist at his side. “Do you not—she was—she’s our
Charlie is asleep. Sam makes a pot of tea while Cas and Dean head to the library. Dean isn’t feeling woozy anymore, but it’s starting to set in that Amara really is gone, so he caves and pulls out the bottle of Jack.
“Yeah, go ahead,” Dean answers, putting her on speaker.
Sam came to his room and stood in the doorway. “Who was that guy that left here earlier?”
“Oh. That’s. That’s what’s-his-name,” Hannah said unhelpfully. “You showed me a picture of him on Facebook one time.”
Sam gives him a stern look. To Eileen, he says, “In our line of work, it’s better to have allies than enemies. We’re not enemies.”
Cas moves more deliberately, shifting the fabric of Dean’s shirt as he presses the heel of his hand against his spine and a bit of grace spreads like a tickle through Dean’s back. The relief is immediate. Dean groans in response.
He turns to find him slumped in a kitchen chair, his hands in his lap and his coat closed enough to cover the blood and black…goo on his shirt. He’s staring down at the table with a crease between his brow.
Dean rolls his eyes.
Lucifer squints at him. “When you agreed to this, you failed to tell me that you’ve fallen in love with the Michael sword. I don’t like surprises, Castiel.”
Crowley sighs dramatically and says, “You’re a dad now. Congratulations.”
He put on a dark-wash pair of jeans and went to the bathroom to wrestle with his hair. After five minutes of fussing with it, he spotted the electric razor on his counter and stared at it for a few seconds, contemplating.
“Hey, Cas,” Sam greets a little somberly as he goes straight to the coffee pot. “Sleep OK?”
Dean turned to look at Cas. “She just admitted that she would still fuck me, so don’t listen to her, babe.”
Dean passes Sam and Amara in the hallway, and when Sam raises a questioning eyebrow at him, Dean just holds Cas’ clothes up in response.
“That’s not – you didn’t – that’s not what you said, man. You didn’t say that.”
Dean stopped him and wrapped him in a hug, burying his face in his neck. “Oh, like you wouldn’t run into a burning building for me.”
“Oh, fuck you.”
He skipped the gym and grabbed takeout on his way over to Cas’ and was rewarded with a kiss. It was too early to eat the takeout food, so they stashed it in the fridge and took Dean’s car to the movie theater on a whim.
Charlie stayed longer, and she and Cas talked while Dean ate his burritos. Cas asked her questions about her job, then her hobbies, then her personal life. Dean learned that Charlie had a side business designing websites and writing code, and that she was talking to a woman named Stevie and was going to ask her to be her girlfriend soon.
“Castiel.”
“Ignoring the judgment in your tone, I’m 37.”
“Why didn’t he tell me,” Castiel whispered, not really talking to Sam.
“No, she just—she woke up screaming and shoved me, but I don’t think she was fully aware of what she was doing. How’d she get so—she’s so much older, isn’t she?”
Cas eventually shows up during dinner, taking a seat across from Dean at the war room table and refusing food. Clint and Ida May talk over each other about the work that needs to be done on their house, and Dean offers to head over with them in the morning to help out.
The ground shakes beneath Dean’s feet, the road crumbling as grass and flowers crack it apart and grow in the crevices. Dean and Cas look at each other, then they both move toward Amara, Dean on her right and Cas on her left, and they haul her up from the earth by her shoulders and carry her screaming to the car. She fights them, but in the way a regular teenage girl would fight them. She’s not actually trying to hurt them.
“Dean,” Sam says. “We’re getting Cas back, it’s OK.”
Dean’s phone rings again. He digs it out of his pocket and answers, “Sammy.”
“What was that about?” Dean asks, already knowing the answer.
The door swings open. Sam comes in, wearing his pajamas.
Dean looks over again and finds Cas smiling as he taps away at his phone. “He’s OK.”
As Cas comes back and hands Dean a mug, sliding his arm gently across his shoulders before making his way to his seat, Dean says, “Having breakfast with the love of my life. What do you need?”
“No!” Dean shouts. He looks to Rowena. “Is there a spell to get me in there? Crowley’s gonna get eaten alive.”
Crowley puts his hands up in a halfhearted gesture of apology. “I said your name and you didn’t answer. Excuse me for trying to demonstrate some concern.”
you arrogant prick.”
There are protests, the most vocal of which comes from Sam. “Dean, you said you wouldn’t be able to do it. From the start, you knew you wouldn’t be able to do it. What makes you think you can do it now?”
And Dean still feels exhausted, so after he gets the laundry going he heads back to his room and finds Cas exactly where he left him. He stops in the doorway and turns back to the hallway, looking around to make sure Sam isn’t nearby. He quietly shuts the door and grabs a blanket from his closet. He takes his spot back on the bed but turns to his side this time, away from Cas, and throws the blanket over both of them. Cas doesn’t even stir.
They sat across from each other at the kitchen table for breakfast, making small talk with Dean doing most of the talking. He noticed after a few minutes that Cas was definitely avoiding eye contact with him, so he repeated, “Cas.”
“He, um, doesn’t date.” Sam winced. “He has hookups—regular hookups, the same people every week. He assigns a different person to each day of the week and only sees them on that particular day. He’s been living like this for years, Cas, he’s never—he’s never
“I had help from a neighbor. She did most of the work.”
Bucky doesn’t even look embarrassed. “Oh, Christ, really?” He smiles sweetly. “I guess not all the rumors about you are true then, huh? Oh well.”
Amara looks up at Sam with a deadly serious expression. “No, this is Dean.”
“Sam and Eileen headed out, they told me to stay here in case anybody showed up.”
At home, Cas announced that he wanted to see Jack and walked straight over to Sam and Eileen’s. Dean hated being in his scrubs once he was home, so he took a shower and changed into comfy clothes and considered going over to Sam and Eileen’s but the book he was in the middle of reading caught his eye from its spot on the coffee table.
When they get back to the bunker, Charlie is sitting at the war room table on her laptop with a concerned look on her face. She closes the laptop as soon as they come in.
But he didn’t. And they made easy conversation with each other at the kitchen table until Sam and Eileen got home.
Sam laughs and squeezes Dean once before letting go. He frowns down at Dean’s bare torso and says, “OK, go get some clothes on, please.” Under his breath, he mutters, “I don’t understand how you and Cas even fit in a shower together.”
Cas doesn’t say anything. Dean waits.
“I’m sorry,” Dean says.
“How often do you clean?”
And then Dean felt it like a punch to the gut.
Dean went to the women in the corner and tried to usher them toward the door, but they shook their heads and said the ghost wouldn’t let them go, that the house wouldn’t open for them to leave.
Cas frowned at him. “I thought...You want to keep talking about books right now? You don’t want to…?” He moved his eyes slowly down Dean’s front, getting closer to him, putting his hands back on Dean’s buttons. Then he stopped suddenly, his demeanor changing. “Is that my shirt?”
Sam and Cas share a look.
Pati laughed. “Why the hell do you sleep with her? Magic puss?”
Dean’s heart beat hard in his chest. He needed to ask Cas something he wasn’t sure he could get out. “Um. We like having you here, buddy, but if you, uh, have other things to do, other responsibilities, you know you don’t have to…you don’t have to keep hanging out with us, you know that, right?”
It was hard to accept Cas’ words, to believe that Cas really thought that highly of Dean.
Castiel stamped down his impatience. “Yes, I’ve met Dean. Continue.”
After work, Cas decides to go over to Dean’s house to thank him for the gift and to give him a gift in return, since he’s the new guy and all
Dean cleared his throat; heat rose to his face. "I, uh. I used to have a lot of fun, but I'm content now. Settled." Eyes still on Mildred, he reached over and held Cas' hand. "I don't know. He's my person."
“I just learned some new, powerful shit actually,” Dean replies. “But does somebody mind explaining to me what the fuck is going on?”
“I might’ve unleashed some of the, um, soulless people I created.”
Cas shifted and burrowed, putting a hand to Dean’s thigh. “You really are very busy.”
Dean knocked incessantly on Sam’s door for 30 seconds before it swung open to reveal the bitchiest of faces.
“But you’re never full,” Jesse added.
“Or to anyone. That’s other people’s problem, not yours.”
“I know, Cas! I know, alright? I know. She did the fucking—that shit Zachariah used to do me.”
“No.”
particular about the laundry. I’ve never even seen the laundry room.”
That night, Sam announces that he’s going to watch a movie in his room. Cas immediately joins him. As the opening credits roll, he can hear Dean clamoring around in the kitchen presumably doing the dishes and cleaning up the dinner he cooked. Cas clenches and unclenches his hand and repeatedly looks toward the slightly open door.
“Sammy, what the hell?” Dean shouts. He struggles to get to his feet and over to Sam and Eileen.
in here doing the same shit. As far as I’m concerned, the only person I trust right now is Sam. I’m sorry, but that’s just how it is.”
Over the course of several weeks, he amassed a following much bigger than most nobodies on the internet, and he didn’t seem to even notice that it was a big deal. Renee would watch a couple of his videos, come, then lie on her bed or couch with her vibrator next to her as she read through his comments for any personal information about him. He never responded to anything.
Dean gave him a shit-eating grin. “Not bored of me yet?”
“I think it will be another week or so before I’m ready to leave Jack. I’ll call you. Goodbye, Dean.”
Dean didn’t want to talk about it. Sam didn’t bring it up, and they spent most of the drive home in silence.
Alone in the bunker, Dean lasted about two hours before he felt like the walls were caving in on him. He went to the armory and cleaned weapons, then he went to the kitchen and cleaned that, too, then he went to his desk in his room and clicked around news stories on his laptop for a while.
Amara drops her head to his shoulder and reaches for his hand. She laces their fingers together. Dean’s instinct is to pull away, but this isn’t the adult version of her yet, she’s still his kid, and so he accepts the gesture of good will.
He repeated his question in ASL.
“Hey,” he shouts when he’s just a few feet away.
Amara wakes Dean up with a small cry. Impossibly, she feels heavier against his chest. He tells himself he’s imagining things, but then while he changes her diaper he sees that her onesie no longer fits right.
It’s a declaration, a statement of a fact, no room for ambiguity. It becomes a physical weight in the room, too heavy to allow either of them to speak for a while.
“I don’t know how my statement could’ve implied that you’re fat, but according to our charts you are 10 pounds above average for your height. So I suppose that yes, I could be calling you fat.”
Castiel didn’t break the kiss as he worked on Dean’s fly, expertly shoving his tight jeans down before leading him over to the bed. Cas still wore his boxers, Dean his black boxer briefs, and Castiel hovered over Dean and kissed him and kissed him.
They run back to the bunker in silence. As Sam said, Charlie is fine. She’s asleep in Dean’s bed, uninjured and wearing his clothes as pajamas. She stirs awake with a wince when he comes in.
Amara looks at him, her eyebrows knitting together in that Cas-like way of hers. “I couldn’t stay there any longer, Dean. You had to know that.”
Dean squeezed his shoulder and then turned back to the counter. “We’ve got a guest room set up for you, if you wanna watch TV or rest or anything.”
Dean releases his grip on Cas and takes his hand instead so they can walk together. He squeezes a couple of times, and Cas squeezes back.
Dean laughed and then admitted that he felt kind of bad about it.
“Yeah, tell me about it,” she teases.
“Why, what’s wrong? Are you sick again?”
Rowena doesn’t hesitate. She begins reading from the Book of the Damned while Crowley moves the Horn of Joshua over the fire and into Lucifer’s hand. The ground shakes, wallpaper peels itself off the walls, dust falls like rain from the high ceiling.
When he posted another live video, Renee was at work and missed it. He left it up, though, so she watched it when she got home and was disappointed to find nothing new. She wasn’t even using his videos to masturbate anymore; she was simply too interested in finding out more about Cas.
Dean thought. He said nothing.
“You OK?” Dean asked her.
Cas rested his cheek against Dean’s chest, and Dean rubbed his back and put his chin on top of his head. In a moment of clarity, Dean thought he might be able to do this forever and never tire of it, of Cas.
“Shut up, I was, like, 150 pounds soaking wet.”
Dean grabbed Cas’ hand and led him out, as if he didn’t know how to get from Sam and Eileen’s townhouse to Dean’s.
“Why was your whole face pitch black that one day?”
“Mm, sleeping,” Cas mumbles back.
“I make it fancy. Come on in.”
Dean’s eyes widen. “Jesus, dude, what are you doing creeping near my room in the middle of the night? I was having some, I don’t know, headaches, so Cas was just trying to heal me and we both, uh, passed out. Like that. Everything’s fine.”
“Wait, so you guys really did get Cas back?”
Cas had moved in a week ago, and some of their friends were coming over for dinner. Dean had spent the morning making an elaborate breakfast because he loved his boyfriend and also because he wanted to see if he could get laid before noon (he did). But now he only had a few hours to clean the house and cook dinner before people started showing up.
Dean stops kissing Cas’ neck. “Honestly, I thought she might offer to cook. I was about to ask her what she wanted to do for dinner when I found her hovering over a menu.”
Sam was with Jack and fully intended on staying with Jack, but then the kid asked for a moment alone with his mom and Sam just…
His body demanded that he do more work this time, so he rolled flat onto his stomach and pushed his hips back onto a dildo, raising his ass in the air like he used to do in cheap motels in the early 2000s. It was one of his favorite positions to be fucked.
“What? He was just checking in on us,” Sam answers casually as he laces up his boots.
“None taken,” Cas mumbles as he shrugs into his trench coat.
He poured lube all over his hand.
“Seriously, Dean. You know you’re breaking all your arbitrary rules for this guy, right?”
Dean:
Dean is staring into space.
[sunglasses emoji]
"So, what'd he find?"
The doctor finally turns and stares up at him with such seriousness Dean thinks he’s about to tell him he has cancer. “Your phone number is on file. I’m fairly confident you won’t let this conversation leave this room, so would you be opposed to me dialing that phone number for personal use?”
Pati:
When he opens his eyes and sees that it’s Crowley crouching in front of him, he violently pushes his hand off his shoulder and scrambles to his feet.
Castiel wakes up alone. He rolls over in bed and sighs loudly as he runs a hand through his hair. He feels groggy and uncomfortable, just like he always does after he sleeps. It’s not natural for his body to rest, and even just a few hours of sleep makes his grace buzz beneath the surface of his skin like it’s been de-charged for too long. Still, he sleeps most nights.
“You’re not gay, Dean,” Eileen replied. “If anything, he’s a whore-a-phobe.”
“Oh good, come help us put this bed together,” Sam said as soon as he opened the door.
Cas smiled softly at him. “I’m sure I’m not the most exciting sexual partner you’ve had.”
“I love you, too, Dean.”
“OK, uh, thanks, Mom. Just give me a couple hours.”
Sam shrugs at Cas.
A brightness descends as the sun expands in brilliant light across the clear sky. Heat drops down like a sheet, hot enough to burn skin in seconds. Dean squints his eyes, puts a hand to Cas’ arm and drags him toward the bunker. Crowley follows them in.
Cas doesn’t answer.
“I talked to Billie before she left. We think Chuck may have had something to do with you seeing your father. It’s possible he knew Amara was going to bring Mary back, and so he wanted to sow some kind of doubt and confusion. I don’t know, we both agreed that his presence felt off. Sinister.”
“Dean,” Cas says. He puts his hand on Dean’s shoulder, and it feels all wrong: it’s Cas, but it’s not Cas. “Do you feel that?”
He checked his phone; Cas told him to come over whenever, since the mountain was closer to his house than to Dean’s. He also had a text from his Sunday, informing him that they’d be having tamales for dinner.
He works in silence, no music or anything, as he meticulously reorganizes all his stuff and puts everything back in its proper place. He scrubs the floor and the walls and throws out pieces of broken furniture, then he goes over the entire room one more time, working until his arms are sore and his hands are red and raw, in an attempt to erase all traces of the destruction he caused. The image of Cas’ bruised and bloodied face sears behind his eyes, and no matter how shiny the surfaces are, he can’t undo what he did to his best friend.
Sam holds his hands up, showing them off. “Eileen said it makes me look distinguished.”
Castiel didn’t text back right away. Dean got home and looked at the pull-up bar on his bedroom door, trying to convince himself to actually use it. He had been about halfway done with his workout when Gordon called him a nerd, but he couldn’t drive home sweaty so he had showered and changed at the gym and now it seemed ludicrous to get sweaty again.
“Uh-oh, this sounds like something I should be wearing clothes for,” Dean says.
Dean sighs dramatically and rolls his eyes.
Cas turned and looked at him.
“Hey, Cas, you dress kind of like a straight guy,” Dean said.
Dean patted him on the back and left him staring dumbfounded at the pool table while his friends laughed.
When Dean tries to pull out the cot, Cas rolls his eyes and says, “Dean, I’m in a 120-pound body. There’s enough space on the bed for both of us.”
He looks at the floor and thinks for a second, then he turns back to Amara and asks, “Amara, are you making me sick?”
There was the sound of Cas’ pants rustling, followed by his cock sliding between Dean’s thighs.
Dean huffed a laugh. “Yeah, ‘cause I’m not. I’m miserable most of the time.”
“Well, um, could I crash here for a while?” she asks, a bit of awkwardness in her tone. “I need to create a new identity for myself and try to get a job, then I could move out. I might stay close by, though, because I’d like to be able to go on hunts with you guys. I mean, you are still, uh, hunting, aren’t you?”
Billie smirks at him, almost imperceptibly. “Oh, they weren’t kidding about you.”
Dean grabbed a handful of belly and shook it. “This is
Cas huffed a light laugh. “Why do it then? I try not to make a habit of doing things I hate.”
“That doesn’t answer my question.”
In a daze, he opened the door to reveal Sam.
Dean manages to get a couple more interviews in, but the people who came back to life are sequestered in their rooms and being monitored by the nursing staff, so he doesn’t try to push his luck. As he’s walking toward the front entrance to find Sam, he hears loud clanging behind a door labeled “Storage,” so he pushes his way inside and pulls his gun on a young woman holding a knife to Sam’s throat. She doesn’t even turn when Dean comes in, or when he shouts at her to drop the knife.
“Mm,” Cas responds without looking up from his book.
Mary laughs and takes a seat at the kitchen table. “Piggly Wiggly, sweetheart.”
but Mom is here now, we have family, friends, and—and I just—I want us to be able to talk to each other, you know?”
“Hardly.”
Dean went home and curled up in his softest sleep sweatshirt and ate a bowl of ice cream and finished reading
“We’ll be up in a little bit, guys. Get the fuck out of here,” Dean said.
Dean moves even closer into Cas’ personal space. “You think you’re up for that yet?”
Cas barges in the back door and makes a beeline for Dean, his hands outstretched. “Baby,” he commands.
“Hm. No? I’m just going to sleep. Wake me up if you need something.”
and in your mind I’m just Wednesday, but why do you need so many others? I could give you what they give you, whatever that is. Tell me.”
Dean sits with that for a minute, then he says, “I miss her. I mean, you know. Do you, um, miss her?”
“Oh.” Sam looked over at the couch. “Hi, Cas.”
“What Sam means is that we were just–we were having–we both woke up early and have been having a completely innocent conversation here in the kitchen.”
Dean parked far away from the store, away from all the other cars. He was faster getting out of the car than Cas, so he was able to meet him on the passenger side. He smiled at him, and Cas smiled back, and when Dean cupped the back of his head and pulled him forward for a kiss, it was easy.
Dean feels like he’s losing his mind. “Sam, what are you talking about?”
Cas turns toward them then, offering a close-mouthed smile and a delicate wave of his hand, totally oblivious. “Jack is talking to the flowers,” he says loudly.
“Which one? I left about 700,” Dean responds, glued to his spot in the doorway.
John turns slowly and just stares at him. Dean stares back.
“I really am.”
“What do you mean ‘no’?” Sam asks.
He didn’t get his body back.
“What do you mean you didn’t see anything? You were right here!” Dean shouts, so angry that his head literally feels like it’s going to explode as he raises his voice.
“You’re coming with me,” is all he says before reaching a hand out.
“No. You haven’t done anything wrong.” Cas sighs loudly. “It’s just me. I had to—well, Crowley put me in a sour mood.”
“I know. I miss you.”
He wakes up alone in the morning. They ignore each other in the kitchen.
Dean stops rubbing his neck but keeps resting his hand on the back of his chair. “Should I have stopped her? I mean, she’s getting us dinner when she’s a guest in our home. Doesn’t that make us bad hosts?”
Dean ignored him.
“Is that really what you want? To defeat her? You can’t tell me you didn’t feel the same about her that I do—did.”
“What is it this time?” Bobby asked derisively. “He’s got one extra ounce of body fat on him? Receding hairline? Doesn’t moisturize to your liking?”
Dean ignores Cas. He walks straight toward his hurt limb. The Impala is nearly completely invisible under invasive vegetation, and Dean pushes down the panic rising in him in favor of tearing at the vines, throwing away the dirt until he reaches his car. The second he touches the handle, more vines crawl out and try to swallow her again.
John Winchester turns, genuine smile splitting his face, hands outstretched to the sides. “Dean! Wow, look at you. You look thin, son. You taking care of yourself?”
“What the bloody hell are you doing here?” Crowley spit.
His laptop camera wasn’t so bad combined with the lamp on his desk. He ran a few tests, taking video of himself on his bed, moving around, trying to find the perfect spot. He stripped down to his black boxer briefs and looked at himself in the camera, making sure to keep his face out of it.
“Yeah, well, I’m an idiot, so.”
“I’m only 33, you old man,” Dean said.
The relief was immediate as Cas worked his grace through Dean’s hands. A low groan escaped Dean’s throat, and his body went somewhat lax.
Eileen texts Sam saying she’s working an easy case nearby if they want to join her. Sam and Dean go, but Cas elects to stay behind.
“Are you the one who got Lucifer out of the Cage?”
Sam insists on doing all the tests right there in the front entrance, while Cas, Clint and Ida May wait at the bottom of the stairs.
“Cool. Are we gonna die?”
They stay outside for nearly two hours. It gets a little foggy as time passes, a soft white mist clouding the day. Amara plays with rocks and leaves and brings them to Dean one at a time like she’s handing him something precious and important. They play hide-and-seek after he teaches her how to count to 10. She insists on climbing a tree, which means Dean holds her up to some branches and lets her grab onto them and pretend like she’s actually climbing while he moves her from one branch to the next. They lie next to each other in the grass and look up at the clouds and play a silly version of I, Spy—"I spy something white,” “Is it another cloud?” “Yeah!”—and the corners of Dean’s eyes spill tears down his crow’s feet and into the dew of the grass.
Dean doesn’t argue, even though the first thought that crosses his mind is that Sam’s wrong, and not because Amara
Sam’s eyes widened. As he stammered out an apology, a small pale woman with dark hair walked outside and moved her hands toward Sam in what Castiel belatedly realized was sign language. Sam moved his hands furiously in response, then both of them walked in a hurry to their Subaru.
Crowley looks at Dean curiously for a moment, then he snaps his fingers and is gone.
“Sure.”
“Oh, so you really are trying to find him, huh?” Dean closes his eyes and winces after he’s said it.
The sun was shining through the window when Dean woke up in the morning. He panicked, immediately realizing he slept way too late, but what did he expect? It was past 4 in the morning when he passed out in Cas’ bed; in no universe was he going to get up before the sun to go for a run.
Cas looks away, his chin raised in defiance. “Probably not. My plan is to leave in the morning, that way I have time to...prepare myself.”
Sam sighs and looks over his shoulder as he switches lanes. “And did you sneak out this morning without saying anything to her?”
The three of them sit in silence while Dean feeds the baby. He doesn’t want to talk about it. The way she’s only maybe a few days old and can already sit up on his knee and hold the bottle herself with only his hand wrapped around her back for support. The miniature Mark of Cain on her left shoulder.
When Dean went to his room late that night, he found that his fans were disappointed. The live video wasn’t long enough, wasn’t satisfying enough, and they wanted more.
Cas smiles at him. Amara announces that she’s hungry and jumps off the bed to head for the kitchen. Dean gets up with a grunt and a popping of his knees to follow her.
He forcefully picked it up and stomped his way over to Sam and Eileen’s, knocking urgently on their door.
Dean’s memory goes fuzzy at the mention of Jody. Surely he saw her in the past year, didn’t he? He thinks he did, at least. But he can’t remember ever talking to her about Amara, so maybe it really has been that long.
Sam wakes up, finally, and surges to his feet with a scary intensity. He grabs Dean by the collar and says, “We have to go. Now.” He doesn't even notice that Cas is gone.
“What? What do you mean it’s not really Charlie?”
realized it.”
“I think—I think
When Sam gets home from Eileen’s, he walks into his room to find Dean and Mary sitting on his bed watching
Dean:
“Weird in what way?” Sam asks carefully.
“Hey, did you hear that I killed Hitler?” Dean asks after about 30 seconds of silence.
“Just! Have you ever asked yourself why everybody thinks you and Cas are together?”
“Mm, that’s exactly what I fell from grace for.”
“Are you going to?”
Cas! She showed me—fuck, she showed me good things, things I...things I…”
“OK, so we’ll get some t-shirts, too.”
“OK, uh, what about sirens? You remember what a siren is?”
Mildred laughs at him and hands him his coffee as she takes a seat perpendicular to him.
“What have you been up to this week?” Crowley asked in a soft tone as they sat too close to Dean at dinner.
“Or maybe she…” Dean drifts off, remembers how clearly Amara had said “Castiel” when Dean asked her where she learned love. “Maybe she just really does love me.”
“Why are you doing this, Amara?” he asks quietly. “I know you’re not evil, so why?”
Dean:
“Cas, man, listen to me. I just fucking cried in the bathroom because you took such good care of me. I can have good sex anytime I want it, obviously, but crying after sex is, like, a once-in-a-decade thing.”
“What, Sam? Can I not hold my boyfriend’s hand in peace?” Dean asked grumpily.
“I know, right? At a fucking funeral. But I guess Sammy and I are kind of famous, go figure.”
“Cas,” Sam says.
bad at this.”
Jody comes outside a few minutes later, tea in hand. Dean scoots over so she has room to sit next to him on the swing. She doesn’t say anything, just takes a seat and drops her head to his shoulder.
“I’m the luckiest son of a bitch on earth.”
“Are you OK?”
“Everything I know about the Darkness is rumors,” Crowley says eventually. “That she’s older than God, older than Death—”
Cas takes Dean by the hand and yanks him into the hallway. He can hear the whispers among the parents in his classroom, but he tries not to smile too smugly.
After they both clocked out for the day, Dean led Cas over to Mildred’s apartment to introduce him. She wasn’t on his caseload anymore, but he hung out with her sometimes when Cas had to work late.
It was on the tip of Dean’s tongue—
Dean sat on a stool and pulled up close to Rufus’ power chair, grabbing his left hand to passively range his fingers into extension. “What do you think, Rufus?”
“Dean.” Cas hovered his hand over one of the cuts near Dean’s left hip. He looked up at Dean, waiting for consent.
“Eileen and I are going on a hunt, gonna take a few days. Can we drop Jack by later today?”
Dean gets sick in the store and has to literally run to the bathroom. Sam won’t shut up about it on the way home.
“She said it’s not her.”
“Yeah, be careful out there or you might get two girls pregnant in the same week,” Pati said. “But hey, our kids are like half-twins, so I hope it works out with her.”
“No, Cas,” Dean said lamely. “You should save your strength. We’re gonna be here at least a couple more days, and—”
“And you know I still do, shug.”
“Right.” She shifts, her eyes flickering to Cas one more time. “Dinner’s in an hour.”
“OK, wait, so djinns don’t grant wishes, and sirens aren’t all hot chicks?”
Dean tries to move and winces. He manages to reach up and grab one of Cas’ hands, pulling it toward him until Cas’ fingers touch his forehead. Cas gets the hint and presses his fingertips purposely against his skin.
Cas flips it over in his hands once again, looking down at it studiously. When he looks back up to thank Dean, he finds himself alone. He looks around the kitchen, but Dean is gone.
“Dean,” Cas says, exasperated. “He only asks because he doesn’t see me every day. You’d notice I was getting bigger, too, if you only saw me every week or so.”
“He told you about that?” Sam asked, surprised.
So he says nothing.
“OK, then we better not waste any time,” Dean said as he hoisted her up on the counter and put his lips to her neck, hands gripping her thighs.
Cas squints at him. “It was a declaration made because I thought it was the last chance I would get to tell you. I couldn’t die without telling you that I…that.”
Dean laughs into a kiss. “Only took you confessing your love and dying for me to get my head out of my ass.”
Two, he can look for another Hand of God that might help them with Amara.
“A better hairline?”
“I’ve been waiting for your call,” Billie says with a knowing smile. “I do love being your deus ex machina, Dean.”
“He was flirting with you, dude. And you probably just broke his heart.”
won’t work?”
It’s 5 o’clock in the morning when Sam hears a knock on his door.
It’s mesmerizing, swinging back and forth and watching Jack tend to the flowers. Raven falls asleep quickly, tucked up facedown against Dean’s chest with her head turned to the side.
“No.” Grown man: can do whatever he wants. “I saw him again. And actually, I’m going on a hike with him today, so. Get the fuck out of here so I can get ready.”
Objects fall from the shelves on the back wall, crashing to the floor.
“Jesus, Benny, I’m not—I’m not fucking around.” Dean pushed him off of him.
Dean doesn’t say anything.
“Crowley, I...I don’t have more to give,” Dean said, his head resting on Crowley’s chest.
Dean’s heart dropped to his stomach. “No, no, Cas, you’re not—you’ve never been—that’s what I’m saying I need to—”
“Oh, yeah? I’m a nurse,” Cas responded robotically, like he had rehearsed this conversation with himself beforehand.
The thing is that Dean has never seen Cas as anything other than a man. He can’t even properly process that Cas is currently in a female vessel and what that could mean about his gender or what it could mean about the dynamic of their relationship. Cas is family, and he would’ve been family whether he introduced himself to Dean in Jimmy Novak’s body or in another (female) vessel. But he’s also an angel, and Dean thinks even if Cas had been in the hottest woman alive he wouldn’t be able to reconcile Cas’ otherness, the vastness of his being in comparison to Dean’s humanness.
Cas barks out a laugh. “Yes, please, tell me more about how
Cas puts a hand on his knee and pats it reassuringly. “Go to bed, Dean.”
Jody laughs. “It’s impossible to even make fun of you anymore. Like, if you’re going to be blissfully happy, at least act a little embarrassed about it.”
Dean’s too tired to argue. He doesn’t wait to find out if Cas is actually going to sleep before he passes out.
They stayed at the bar only an hour or so, Dean playing his usual half-assed game of pool as he thought about Cas. He still won, but just barely.
(See the end of the chapter for
He changed into a tight t-shirt and jeans and went live from his bedroom. As he stripped, he talked about his body, about how good he’d been eating and how his skin was as smooth and soft as it was when he was 20 and how he couldn’t fit into any of his clothes. He was strong and healthy and felt young and invincible. Once he took his jeans off and pulled his dick out, he talked less, talked dirtier.
“Mm,” Sam hums uncertainly, looking off to the side like he’s thinking about it. “No? But I guess I did notice them talking a lot.”
There are a couple of pocketknives, including one Dean’s had for a decade and thought he lost on a hunt, so he slips it back into its old hiding place on his person. There are a couple of rings and necklaces, some Dean recognizes as his own and others he assumes are Sam’s, then there’s tangled earphones, a Zippo lighter, a small sewing kit. The sewing kit has only beige thread, the kind that Cas uses to painstakingly patch up his trench coat. Dean considers pocketing it but decides to leave it in the box. Then, at the very bottom, there’s an old cassette tape with his handwriting on it.
“You were doing this before you and Cas got together,” Sam said.
Dean’s instinct is to recoil, to deflect, make a joke. Instead, he sets the hamper aside and pulls his brother down for a hug, wrapping his arms around his neck and patting him hard on the back. “I’m sorry.” He releases him. “Soon as we get Cas’ body back, we’ll, uh, I don’t know. Do some simple hunts. Or take a goddamn vacation, sit our asses on a beach somewhere.”
“Sort of,” Dean mutters. He gets up and takes the stairs two at a time.
His live videos were longer and more involved, with a strip tease and fake foreplay. His confidence grew. When one of his favorite fans left him a tip and told him to buy himself a toy with it, he actually did.
Dean feels the urge to apologize to Eileen, to explain to her that Cas usually has better manners, that he’s just stressed out right now, but he doesn’t say any of that. He doesn’t need to make excuses for Cas.
“Hey, I’ve seen you before,” Donna said. “You PRN for us, don't ‘cha?”
“We thought Lucifer might, uh, do exactly what he just did,” Cas explains. “Chuck showing up, however...Did you all know?”
Early the next morning, Dean wakes up to the sound of his phone ringing. He fumbles for it, knocking it to the floor and grunting as he shifts over to the side of the bed and picks it up. He sits up, rests his elbows on his knees and scrubs a hand down his face as he says into the phone, “Yeah, Cas.”
He desperately tried to fight it, but he was not strong enough. Whatever Rowena was making Cas say to Dean, it must have been something she knew Dean wouldn’t do otherwise.
, you insane man.” Cas stands and picks up their plates to take them to the sink. “And you need to limit the number of ‘fucks’ you say when Jack gets here.”
“He caught me staring. And now he’s walking over here, Hannah, why is he walking over—”
Cas was still standing in the doorway, frozen to his spot. Dean closed the space between them and nuzzled his face against his neck, hands squeezing his hips.
Sam nods as he says, “Well, uh, you should. Dean doesn’t just – he doesn’t even let anybody
“Yeah, I’ve been stealing Cas’ clothes,” Dean said sheepishly.
Sam clicks around and answers, “That was, I guess, the first person around here to die from the infection. Her name was Caroline Anders, 34 years old.”
Dean doesn’t think much about it before falling asleep.
Sam cleared his throat. “Yeah, um. We’re gonna adopt a kid.”
He put his hands around her and squeezed her closer to him, bending down and angling his face to kiss her. “I’d be a good dad, though, right?”
Sam raises his hands up defensively. “Hey, you said it, not me.”
Dean fidgeted with his hands, struggling to accept what Cassie was saying about him. “Do you think he’ll take me back?”
[eye roll emoji]
“Castiel, what’s it like being an angel?” Mary asks casually, like it’s small talk. “Do you exist only to serve God?”
“I thought I was losing it, but it’s you. You and Cas. I’m your number one fan.”
“Aw man, can we get one last sad fuck before we’re done? I’m gonna be so pregnant and then I’m gonna have a gross little baby and nobody will ever fuck me again, please, Dean.”
“It doesn’t really matter,” Cas answers. “If I’m in Paula’s body long enough, I’m sure I’ll get used to the change. But as of right now it’s a little odd.”
He put the camera closer this time and spread himself out naked on the bed. He would have to fix the audio later to remove the music, but he wasn’t worried about that now.
“By the time we get one, she’ll be a teenager,” Sam says.
Hannah went to bed after half an episode. Dean drew closer to Cas, putting his arm more firmly around him and tugging him against his side. Cas hugged his knees to his chest like Hannah and angled his body toward Dean, leaning his cheek against Dean’s chest.
“It’s 8, dude.”
Under her breath, Jody says, “Give a baby to Dean Winchester if you want him not to pay attention to you at all.” She walks to the kitchen and puts on a teapot.
“You having visions about this, Sammy?”
Sam shifts in his sleep and mumbles at them to shut up, so Dean cocks his head toward the door to the private balcony. He and Cas quietly make their way outside and lean their elbows against the banister, taking in the view of the empty pool below.
At lunch, Dean declines Sam’s offer of a BLT and just eats a slice of leftover pizza instead. He sits next to Amara at the kitchen table and helps her with a math worksheet he printed for her.
“I met her last week when we went to that club, when you ditched me for that hot guy the second we walked in.”
Dean can feel Cas looking at him, so he turns his head and makes eye contact. Cas just smiles sadly and bumps their shoulders together, a silent gesture of understanding between parents. Dean wants to move his arm up around his shoulder and hold him, but Cas is back in his own body, and Dean doesn’t do stuff like that with men.
They sat together for a few more minutes until Dean had to pee and got up to go to the bathroom. He took his shirt off to check his tattoos in the mirror, turning to the side and pressing his fingers to the clear bandage over his ribs. He had spent a ridiculous amount of money getting the forest on his side turned into Ents, subtly, with a very small couple standing at the foot of them: Merry and Pippin. Between the lion and the roses, he had added a stylized quote:
Lucifer turns his attention back to Dean. Sam’s screaming stops.
Dean groaned and shook his body, trying to get the Bela muck off of him even as she sat right there next to him. “I don’t even think you have your mythologies right.”
He rolls his eyes and ignores the blush rising to his cheeks. “Alright, did you bring the good stuff?”
“Goodnight, Dean.”
was repressed.”
Sam clears his throat.
“Yeah, you should’ve.” Cas squeezes him. “I should’ve, too.”
Why would I include OCs in this when the SPN universe has ten million characters already, you ask? a) I need people who live close to the bunker because it is ridiculous that Sam and Dean are so alone in the SPN universe when there is no textual reason for them to be and b) if a show is going to do a shit job at including diverse characters then I will do it myself
Before Dean willed himself to get out of bed, Sam let himself in and yelled from the kitchen that Dean needed to get up and go for a run with him.
“Yeah, definitely not our finest fucking hour.”
Bobby scoffed at him.
“Oh—hi,” she said awkwardly, standing in the doorway in a pair of Dean’s pajama pants and a sports bra, black durag around her hair.
“That is the most outrageous coincidence I’ve ever heard in my life.”
“I tried to go outside with you and Amara, and I couldn’t. I kept thinking about how I felt under that spell, and how I wanted to get out and destroy anything I could find, and that was the last time I was outside of these walls. I don’t think I could leave even if I wanted to.”
While he was driving to work, his phone rang.
He made pathetic noises as he imagined a hand gripping his hip, a cock pushing into his ass. It was too vivid how easily he could feel Cas pressed up against his back, making noises in his ear and rubbing his five o’clock shadow against his neck. He knew Cas’ hands, his perfect hands, and he could feel them digging into his skin.
They stop after a few minutes. Cas keeps his hand on Dean’s face, rubbing the pad of his thumb back and forth across his cheek as he smiles softly up at him.
“Oh, so
Cas takes a deep breath and runs his hands up and down the fabric of his pants. He then deflates.
Dean:
“What?” Cas mumbled.
“Dude, are
“Both your parents are deceased?” Castiel asked.
“Dean!” Cas shouts. “Are you OK? Amara is...she’s doing something...what should we…”
“I don’t know, you’ll have to ask Dean.”
When Amara gets up, they’re all gathered in the library together drinking coffee and checking the news, making sure the work Sam, Clint and Ida May put in is still set in place. Amara walks in almost shyly, her eyes immediately landing on Charlie.
Dean frowns but hands Cas the baby anyway. He knows if he tries to hog her, he and Cas will have a petty fight about it later.
By the time Cas comes in with the steaks, Mary is cutting up some feta and laughing as Dean goes through the list of all the different kinds of mac and cheese he made for Sam when they were kids.
“Have you considered that you might be a heavier sleeper than you used to be?”
Cas blinks, looks confused, then he smiles softly at Dean. “Thank you,” he says. “How did you do that?”
He didn’t make it in time. As he sifted through the phones to figure out where the missed call came from, something crashed in the kitchen.
Jody looks up at him with pursed lips. “You don’t actually believe that.”
He was too embarrassed after accidentally saying Cas’ name. He posted a couple of short videos of himself using dildos, and some of the commenters kept pressing him about Cas. People
After he hangs up, Dean sets his phone on the counter and plates the pancakes and bacon. He sets everything out on the table and takes a seat across from Cas.
“Oh, you meant stop her from all the stuff she was doing before you passed out,” Dean says, mostly to himself. “She’s gone, Cas.” He swallows hard, unable to say anything else about it.
Dean matches it, steadily. “Young lady, take your fucking finger away from me right now.”
His eyes still squeezed shut, Dean turns into Cas’ embrace and buries his face against his shirt and manages to get one arm wrapped around his back. Cas stands Dean up and half-carries him to his room, setting Dean on his back in bed and then pressing two fingers to his forehead for a long time.
“Oh, good,” Dean replies. “If there’s anything we can do to help—”
with you, and you’re gonna have to deal with the enormity of that. That this—that a being so ancient and so huge and literally so incomprehensible to you that your ears bled the first time you heard him speak—that he could learn
“I’ve never...I don’t…”
“You trusted your mother to take the car?”
When he wakes up again, it’s because Cas is trying to carefully lift him up and take him to bed. He wraps both arms around Cas’ neck and his legs around his waist and hangs on tight as Cas stands, only one of his muscular arms wrapped around Dean’s butt to hold him in place.
have sex seven days per week. Second of all, I also don’t believe that you have so much sex that you
“Dean, go back to sleep,” Cas whispers against his neck.
Dean thinks about it. When he had just gotten the Mark, he wouldn't eat or drink anything for several days in a row and didn’t even notice. When he was a demon, sustenance never crossed his mind. After, though, he tried to keep up with his old habits just so nobody would get suspicious. His whole life felt like a performance.
“Did you know?”
“Any word on how much longer it’s gonna take?” Dean asked as he and Sam moved a mattress.
Cas hums then is quiet for a minute.
Cas didn’t get it. Dean didn’t mind.
Dean blinks a few times and looks at his brother. After too long of a pause, he says, “Yeah. Uh, you guys figure out what you can about the kid, alright? I’m going on a supply run.”
Cas greets Sam and Dean stoically, his voice raspier than usual, then he slowly gets to his feet and asks if he can get in the car.
After a beat, Dean continues, “Aren’t you going to ask me how
“It’s fine, I guess. We’ll be heading back soon I think.”
Dean gestures with both arms to the doorway and looks desperately between Charlie and Sam. “Do you see what I mean?”
“But it would be worse,” Jesse adds, “if one of us was in the life and the other wasn’t. Much better to be in it together.”
worse, than Dean when it comes to rules. He doesn’t allow food or drink or trash of any kind in its beautiful interior, and there are
“Like Sam said, you know Cas the best.”
“Why have you ignored our phone calls?” he continues, too chickenshit to say “my” phone calls. Sam hasn’t called him once.
After work, he decided to make that lie the truth and went to the store and impulsively bought four new sets of scrubs, thinking all the while about how sad Mildred would be at the looseness of the material.
No, seriously. Yes, I will tell him to call you. Immediately, if you’d like. Yes, please, for the love of god just ask him out already and stop calling here.
“Yeah. I’m alright. What’s, uh, what about you? Where are you?”
“You have a dog.”
beautiful, but it’s secondary to me.”
“You mean you don’t live your life obsessing over your beach bod, getting ready for Mykonos year-round?” Sam asked sarcastically.
“I’m sorry,” she says.
“Yeah. Yeah, of course, Jody,” Dean replies, his posture straightening with excitement. “But you already knew that, because you’re already driving her over here.”
Cas xoxo:
A small voice makes a sound. Dean stops moving immediately.
He had packed his own clothes to wear at Cas’, but the call of the blue t-shirt was too strong and he found himself nakedly sifting through Cas’ closet for more like it. He found a dark green long-sleeved shirt and a pair of loose-fitting plaid pajama bottoms and walked out to the kitchen to see Cas wearing boxer briefs and Dean’s “BODY-ODY-ODY” t-shirt.
“We’re good, Dean.” He sounds impatient now. “I definitely feel back to my full strength. And I want to do whatever is necessary to stop Amara.”
“Sammy, you’re scaring me,” Dean says honestly.
“What do your tattoos mean?” Cas whispered against his skin.
The passenger door creaks open and shuts. Castiel doesn’t look over.
In the car, Dean tries to stay focused on what he can control.
Cas solemnly nods at him. Dean watches him closely until he pulls out of the garage, then Dean walks outside and watches until the car disappears around a curve.
Dean avoids eye contact, sorts clothes. “Yeah.”
Dean, sitting across from Cas at the table, spread his arms out and looked down at his body and back up at Cas. “It’s paying off, isn’t it?”
You got too close.
They talked about work until Dean put his spoon into his carton of ice cream and realized he had eaten the whole thing. He set it down on the counter and put a hand to his stomach, his heart racing in mortification at how much he just ate. He would have to run at least 15 miles in the morning, no excuses.
He knew he was hung—it wasn’t exactly a secret he tried to keep. But the bored part of his brain wondered if he could do what the people in the videos did, and if anyone would be interested in watching.
He sees the woman at first, how he saw her in the parking lot, how she looked when he hit her with the Impala, but then the image shifts and the woman is grinning at Dean and her face twists and morphs until she has Amara’s face. Dean knows he's screaming, because he knows what’s coming and he wants to stop it, but it comes anyway. He watches as Amara’s eyelids peel back, her eyes bulge out of their sockets, her skin below her eyes drags down her cheeks until she is merely muscle and bone.
Cas pressed impossibly closer. “Yes. Of course, Dean.”
They don’t talk about anything in particular, because this is the first day that Dean has felt relaxed and unburdened in months and he just wants to sit with his family and friends and not think about anything.
“Hmm?”
“Same ol’, same ol’. You know me,” Dean said stupidly.
Dean squints at her. “Yeah, Mom, I got that.”
They got manicures, too, both opting for a clear coat. Dean used to get light blue or black nail polish, but he got sick of it chipping all the time.
“Bloody hell, fuck this,” Crowley says before smoking out of his body and down Castiel’s throat.
“Well, I like walking in the park with you. And I think I’d like hiking if it didn’t make me feel like I was gonna die.”
“Bobby, how many times do we have to go over this,” Dean chastised as he carefully pulled the chair back and locked the brakes. “You’re going to break your back trying to crawl into this goddamn sink.”
When he wakes up late the next morning, the quiet is still over the bunker. On his way from the bathroom to the kitchen, Dean passes through the library and finds Cas there, still flipping through books, still standing on his feet. His trench coat is draped over the back of a chair, his white button down tucked messily into his dress pants.
“OK, what the hell is our plan here?” Dean asks.
“Yes, and occasionally it takes a toll on me. Goodnight, Dean.” His tone brooks no room for argument.
“Oh, Dean,” Lucifer says. “I’m about to kill you both, and you’re
After the doctor, he once again went to the gym and pushed himself so hard that Gordon told him to slow the fuck down. Dean didn’t listen. After lifting, he got on a treadmill and ran as fast as he possibly could.
“Your parents, their divorce, your father—none of it is your fault. You didn’t do anything wrong.”
Other times, they got injured during hunts and couldn’t make it to the bar. Or they just didn’t have the time.
Dean finally lets go of Cas and pats him on the shoulder twice before greeting Claire.
It had been years since he had put anything but his own fingers in his ass, so he started with that as a tease. He was worried some of the straight women who liked his videos would ditch him, but he learned quickly that his most committed fans were ride-or-die.
When he came out of the bathroom, Cas was no longer in bed. Dean put on a new pair of boxer briefs and Cas’ blue shirt and walked out to the kitchen to find Cas standing at the stove, wearing one of Dean’s oversized t-shirts—bright pink, with a picture of Cher from
Dean hummed, rubbing his hands up and down Cas’ sides as they kissed.
“Yeah, shut up.”
“Was it hard though?” Dean looked at her, suddenly realizing how ridiculous it was that they had never had this conversation. “Like, who brought it up first and how’d you figure everything out?”
Things are easy with Button. They go straight to her room and get immediately naked and Dean doesn’t have a single thought in his head while he eats her out. She pulls him up to the bed after she comes and makes out with him for a few minutes before reaching for condoms in the drawer of her nightstand. She rides him slow, then he eats her out again, then he falls asleep while she’s in the shower.
Amara deliberately steps toward Charlie until she’s just a couple feet away. She folds her hands demurely in front of her. “Of course. I brought you here.”
Dean put his shirt back on and briefly considered asking Cas if he could borrow one. He hated wearing the same clothes two days in a row, but if he took Cas’ clothes then he would be tempted to come back over to return them before Thursday.
Dean shakes his head. His knuckles are turning white against the steering wheel. “Nothing. Fuck.
“No, no, no, actually the opposite. I feel a lot better, and I’m wondering...I mean, if you could take a look and see if anything looks different in there, like if it looks tidier, like some of the trash has been taken out.”
Dean nods. It takes him a minute to collect his thoughts before he asks, “How did you even get here? Did Billie have something to do with this?”
The woman swats playfully at his chest and pushes herself away from him. “Yes you did, silly.”
Cas appears in the passenger seat when Dean’s on a supply run.
Dean reached over and tangled his hand with Cas’, forcing Cas’ hand off the steering wheel and over to his lap. Cas untangled their fingers, gripping Dean’s thigh instead and rubbing circles against his skin.
“Yeah, having Sammy with me for every—”
He looked right at himself, all six-foot-one of himself standing in the middle of the kitchen, his legs working just fine.
Later in bed, Dean was sleepy and sated, a little tipsy, and Jesse and Cesar assured him that he could just lie back and relax. He turned over to his stomach, and they took turns fucking him, then Cesar gave him a blowjob and spit his come into a conveniently placed towel.
“Thanks, Cas.” He grabs the stack of clothes from a chair in the corner of the room.
Dean walked next to Bobby while the old man pushed himself down the hallway toward the therapy gym.
He held Sam, though. More often than John did. When Sam began walking, Dean gripped his hand tightly and made sure he never fell. (Even when Sam became steady enough on his feet to walk by himself, they still held hands.)
Hannah yawned. “Well, you could just explain to him when he gets here that you’re in the middle of a very long work week. Maybe you’ll go straight to bed.”
“Hmm.”
“I think I can manage that. Although I wouldn’t describe brain matter as ‘clean’ or ‘dirty’ as that’s usually how we metaphorically classify souls, and it could get confusing.”
Cas can tell he’s lying, but he doesn’t push the issue.
In hindsight, Castiel knew that he was in love with Dean then. At the time, it did not even cross his mind to question why he was willing to risk his own life just to keep a mental eye on Dean at all times. It was his purpose. It was what he was meant to do.
“Yep. A siren appears as the thing you want most in the world, or the thing you’re most attracted to. He posed as an FBI agent and you almost killed me because he told you to.”
“It’s...complicated.”
“There was a white sheriff that drove by sometimes,” Clint continues. “We tried our best to stay under his radar, but he’d come by, ask questions, demand a glass of ice tea, you know. He knew the old man. I saw them talking a couple times, seemed real tense. The sheriff was intimidating to everybody, but he seemed to really antagonize the old man. I saw him spit on his shoes once.”
“Uh, earth to Sam?” Dean asks. He holds Amara on his hip with one hand as he fixes her formula with his other. “I talked to Cas. Apparently Rowena did something to him. We need him here, though, because god knows we can’t hunt if we’re taking care of a damn baby.”
“Cas, meet Charlie, Jody, Donna,” Dean said, exasperated. “My coworkers. Sorry about them.”
Dean blinks and looks over his shoulder; Button is still asleep. “Oh. You mean the Hitler thing. Yeah, pretty awesome, right?”
He gathered up all his takeout and walked over to his own house, finishing the food while reading the space trilogy. He leafed through the other books Cas gave him, too, finding a note in
Dean walked toward Bela, holding his glass out to her and saying, “Lock up for me, would you? Try not to steal any of my shit.”
Cas panics for a little while longer and tries to give Dean some space to calm down.
Cas removed his hand completely, sighing loudly as he rolled on top of Dean, pressing his full weight down against his lap. He kissed him hard, moving his tongue in a bruising rhythm inside Dean’s mouth.
While Dean is putting groceries away, Cas and Amara walk into the kitchen together, with Cas slightly hunched over so he can hold her hand. Despite the circumstances, Dean finds himself smiling.
“Yeah, definitely. She hasn’t been on this planet since Jane Fonda was wearing leg warmers. Dude, she asked me about all our friends being lesbians and transgender or whatever. Randomly told me she didn’t vote for Reagan.” Dean throws his hands up. “I mean. Seriously.”
It was sloppy.
“You wouldn’t have the account if you didn’t like the attention,” Cas said in a low tone.
“What?”
Cas hums, thinking. “You don’t like having your attention divided. If you can’t focus fully on me, it feels like you’re being deprived of something.”
“Dean? You still there?” Sam asks.
Bucky’s face hardens right back at him. “Well, you don’t have to act so offended about it. Some of us actually
He continues humming and dancing as he makes his own pot of coffee, and then when he joins them at the table he’s got a huge, goofy smile on his face like it’s the best day of his life. His smile changes to an overdramatic wince, however, when he takes a seat. He stands back up and sits back down slower before deliberately adjusting his butt in the chair. Sam glances over at Cas and sees that he’s now
“Thank you, Renee,” Cas added seriously. “Dean is a little embarrassed to be talking about this, but we do appreciate you.”
Dean looks out the passenger window and drinks his coffee.
Cesar reacted much the same way. They spent a good portion of the evening admiring Dean’s new haircut and his unblemished body, stripping him down and lavishing him in kisses and caresses.
To which Cas just nods and continues removing Dean’s clothes.
The bed shifts with the weight of a second person, and Cas can’t help the smile tugging at his lips.
“Oh yeah, what if I populate it with an angel who doesn’t get jokes?”
Cas smiles and blushes, then ducks his chin as he says thanks. Dean looks down at the floor to hide his smile.
“It’s that simple?” he asks.
you,” she whispered.
Cas suddenly wakes up. He sucks in a gasp and looks around with wide eyes, then he drops his head back against the bed and groans.
The only time the moms make Cas feel heat rise in his cheeks or pride swell in his chest is when they ask if he’s got a sweet wife back at home.
Dean feels heat rise to his cheeks. “He’s acting weird.” He turns back to the coffeemaker and pours himself a mug. “Anyway, what have we got? What’s our plan?”
Renee leaned on her elbows at her bathroom sink, her back be damned, and held her phone like it was precious as she watched Star Tattoo position himself facedown, ass up on the bed. After a minute of watching him thrust back against his own hand, she was mesmerized enough to reach down and touch herself. By the time he pushed a dildo in, she had completely forgotten about Cas.
"No, no, what is it? Why are you acting like I've got a girlfriend back home I cheated on? Do you know something I don't?"
Dean nods, grunts out a “good,” and sits back on the bed expectantly. “Uh. OK. Now you can touch my brain.”
“Date of birth?”
hitting on me, too?” Dean stammers. “Is every hunter gay these days? Am I the butt of some inside joke here?”
Cas’ face changes into gay bitchiness as he unwraps another one. “Now who’s the nagging wife?”
Castiel sat in the armchair and peered curiously at Dean. “And you weren’t clear with him? That you didn’t share those feelings?”
“It’s been what? What has it been?”
“Hasn’t he been taking showers and then, like, walking around shirtless, though?” Charlie offers. “And then borrowing your clothes, Dean? I mean, he basically lives here.”
“No.” Dean pulled his own laptop out and also stood at a rolling table, directly facing Charlie. They were the only therapists that didn’t use the stationary desks. “I met a guy, actually.”
Dean nods and looks down at his hands. “I think I’m seeing hell. Memories of when I was…”
Castiel smiled softly at him. “Yes, this was fun.”
The problem with their plan was that they had no idea when the ghost was going to show up. The legend said it would appear during daylight, so it made sense that Sam pushed Cas and Dean out the door of the motel to arrive at the farmhouse one hour after sunrise.
“It was the Mark. It gave you abilities that I was unprepared to handle, and I—well, I believed I could get through to you.” He sighs. “The important thing is that it’s gone.”
“Can’t argue with that logic,” Eileen says at the same time that Sam says,
“That’s my goal tonight,” she shouted over the music, two shots down. “To leave before you do.”
“Where’s Cas?” Dean asked.
Less than five minutes passed before the house began burning down around them and the walls began to violently shake. The ghost screeched and glitched in and out of existence as a last ditch effort.
During a lull in the conversation, Castiel put a hand to the center of Dean’s back and whispered, “What would you like more of?”
“You let him go because he’s annoying,” Dean interrupts, his temper close to flaring. “You couldn’t stand the thought of driving back here with him riding shotgun. For fuck’s sake, Cas!”
Bobby was back on Dean’s caseload. He fell out of bed and broke his wrist and therefore needed help with pretty much everything. Their oldest resident had died a few months ago, making Bobby the new oldest.
He was part of a garrison, then he had his own garrison, or maybe it was the other way around. There was order to maintain in heaven among heavenly beings and human souls, and sometimes he was a soldier and other times he was just a being, so vast and limitless that his only purpose was to exist.
And then he’s falling. He falls for so long that he thinks he might be falling forever.
“I don’t know. Never really thought about it, but I like kids.”
Cas rolls his eyes. “Would you please excuse me?” he says to the room, but absolutely no one is looking at him.
“What?”
“Yes. Very much so.”
“Millie, please.”
and Cas found his lips in the dark and then found them again and again until they fell asleep on top of each other.
Dean turns quickly and glares at her. “What are you? Why did you say earlier that you aren’t real?”
Of course, the ghost was late.
“Yes?” Castiel answers.
“Am I, um, forgiven?”
Even so, it terrified him. His love for Dean was so acute and chronic that over time it became a prisoner inside the cage of his heart. He couldn’t put it somewhere else even if he wanted to. It was stuck.
Eileen said and signed, “Did you get a new Thursday? We saw a man coming in last night.”
“How’d you get over it?”
Mary doesn’t bat an eye at Dean giving fake information and a fake credit card in order to get an iPhone. He wants to ask her if she had to do similar things as a hunter in the ‘70s, but he’s afraid of bringing up the past, afraid of asking her any questions about her life before, afraid of asking if she remembers being home with him for the first four years of his life and playing dress-up with him and going to the park to push him on the swing and cutting off the crust from his sandwiches and tricking him into eating vegetables by covering them in ketchup.
“Yeah, you, too,” Clint responds as they shake hands. “I’ve heard stories. I won’t ask questions.”
Dean:
“Alright, I’m sick of sitting around with my thumbs up my ass, what are we doing?” Dean asks.
Dean nearly swerves off the road. He looks to the passenger seat and finds a gorgeous and familiar woman smiling gently at him, her hand holding his. He snatches his hand away.
“Yeah, I’m full.”
Cas reads the label and turns the tape over in his hands. “I don’t have a cassette player,” he concludes as he holds the cassette back out to Dean.
Cas allows him to trivialize the moment. He just simply smiles up at him as he wipes a tear from Dean’s face.
At the restaurant, they sit near the window and scope out the place for anybody acting unusual, but as Cas figured out years ago, the sameness of chain restaurants and gas stations makes them somewhat immune to supernatural activity. Dean will never forget the pride he felt when Cas shared that discovery with him, how good it made him feel to be friends with such a smart, calculating angel.
Something crashes in the dungeon before Dean gets there. He breaks into a run and instinctively reaches for his gun, but he doesn’t pull it out because he knows it’s no use. As soon as he opens the door and rushes in, Amara stalks up to him, planting herself right in front of him and jabbing a finger to his chest. She has to crane her head all the way back to look at him.
Cas strains his neck up just as Dean is bending down to kiss his forehead. He catches Dean’s hand before he walks away and pulls him back.
“Yes, obviously.”
She runs a hand through her hair, and as she does, Dean realizes she’s cut it short, right at her shoulders. “Well, um, when Charlie had us all painting our nails, we got to talking and, um…” She blinks and avoids eye contact, exactly the same way Dean does when he doesn’t want to have an uncomfortable conversation. “OK, let me back up. The first thing I noticed—like when I first got here, I saw that Jesse and Cesar are, uh, a couple. And they’re married, which is odd, you know, because it wasn’t—OK, so after I met them and learned how to look up information on Google dot com, I read about the Supreme Court decision and a bunch of other stuff about what’s been going on.
Pati:
Dean snorted a laugh. “You wanna get out of here, Jerome?”
anything. Because if they did anything, then they’d have to talk about it.
“Hmm.”
Dean snorted. “Yeah, sure, Cas.”
“Alright. Night.” Dean waves over his shoulder on his way out of the room.
“Dean. Jesus Christ. Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Hm. I guess.”
Renee nearly threw her phone across her apartment.
“Um, got him back to you? He’s better, isn’t he?”
“I know that American tradition requires that the man ask the father for his daughter’s hand in marriage, but considering our circumstances, I thought this might be the next best thing.”
Cas puts a hand to the side of Dean’s face and the other on the counter behind him, supporting his weight against it. He moans into the kiss, pushing his tongue hungrily into Dean’s mouth and rolling his hips in an intoxicating rhythm.
Sam huffs a laugh. “No. But their message, um, it was about Amara. Or, I guess, about the Darkness. They said we’re the only ones who can stop it.”
even though he just left 20 minutes ago.
“You know I’m always willing to give you a rim job, Dean, but you didn’t douche earli—”
“Thank god.”
“What does that—”
Dean doesn’t say anything, but there’s an ache in his heart at seeing his mom. He can’t quite place the feeling, but he knows it’s not good.
“Hey,” Sam says. “So, uh.”
Dean turns around quickly—sure, he was just changing her diapers a week or so ago, but she’s old enough to need privacy now. With his back to her, he asks, “Uh, what do you think it is?”
When they get home to the bunker, Sam gets Amara to sleep once again and Dean fixes a bag of ice to put on his face. Cas slumps into a chair.
He picked his phone up from the nightstand with one hand and kept rubbing Cassie’s lower back with his other hand.
“I love you, too, babe, but I don’t need you doing any tricks and gimmicks to keep me interested.” He squeezed his arm around Cas’ waist. “I have everything I want right here.”
Dean waves him off and walks over to the car. “Something I used to do with Sammy when we were kids.”
“Well, I think they just call themselves the Men of Letters? I mean, you guys aren’t the American Men of Letters, are you?”
Dean held his phone up high and snapped a picture of them both. He stared at it for two minutes.
“Hello, Jody,” Cas greets, turning toward her but keeping his eyes on the baby cradled in his arms. She looks impossibly small in his hold. “Your hair looks very nice.”
Dean laughs and coils his clamp thing around a machine that has an ampere setting on it. “Of course I’m a welder. What’d you think I was doing in here every day? Crocheting? Hold on, cover your ears.” He picks up a funny-looking hammer and bangs as hard as he can on the metal he was just welding. He inspects it, runs a wire brush over it, turns back to Cas.
“I don’t drink anymore. The beer is for everybody else that comes through here.”
“I saw you have an assortment of nut butters and fresh fruit, so I’m making crepes,” Cas said as he cooked.
“You know I can’t tell you that.”
“Alright, let’s not call it ‘maternal instincts,’ for fuck’s sake. Thanks for the sympathy, Cas, I’ll talk to you later.” He hangs up without waiting for a response. Whatever he was expecting from Cas, he didn’t get it.
Dean huffs a laugh and scratches the back of his neck. “That’s, uh–I gotta be honest, one of the main things I’ve thought about you over the past three decades is that you’re a good cook.”
Sam insisted that they station themselves in three strategic rooms of the house, but after 20 minutes of hanging out by himself in a creepy nursery with a dilapidated old crib, Dean sneaked down the hall to Cas’ room.
Dean gestured for him to continue.
“Yeah, I trust Chuck less than I trust Amara.”
“Oh my god,” Sam said, then he choked on nothing and coughed for several seconds.
“OK. Good.” Dean reached up then and fumbled a bit before cupping Castiel’s cheek and pulling him down for a kiss.
“Unless, of course, you found a way to heal him?”
He holds it together all the way back to the bunker—he has to, because Cas looks like he’s on the verge of death, and Dean needs to be able to help him. On the way, he texts Sam one of their codes, a single word that means life-or-death emergency.
“I didn’t hate it,” Dean continued. “I mean, yeah, I wish I’d been safer about it or that I didn’t have to do it at all, but it was how I took care of me and Sam, and I was good at it.”
Cas flattens his lips and raises his eyebrows, silently chastising Dean. Dean throws his hand up and shrugs.
Cas is sitting on the bed with several books piled next to him and one open on his lap. He looks up at Dean. “You look terrible.”
Dean has barely taken two steps out of his car before a person approaches him as if to attack, the veins of their neck bubbling out in an unnatural bluish-black, their eyes glassy white.
Dean grabs his face in his hands and looks down at him like he can will him to be better.
It’s quiet for a moment until Dr. Novak says softly, “I didn’t mean to offend.”
“Dean?”
he said with a laugh, sounding cheeky and not sorry at all.
“Get me some new clothes, would’ya,” Bobby grumbled, waving at Dean to give him some privacy.
Sam also thinks T-Rex hides on purpose just so that he will get down low enough for her to be able to reach his face. Whenever he finds her, she jumps up and licks him as thoroughly as possible before sitting up on her hind legs waiting to be picked up.
Dean huffs a laugh. “In my 20s I definitely was.” He scratches the back of his head self-consciously. “Can’t really keep up anymore, to be honest.”
at making coffee,” he announces emphatically before picking up the whole coffee maker and theatrically dumping all of its contents into the sink.
The woman clicked past Castiel in her heels a moment later, briefly making eye contact with him before putting sunglasses on.
Cassie and her husband had chickens and a seemingly endless supply of fresh eggs that they sold.
So he goes on hunts with them.
They both breathed heavily for a minute after Cas swallowed, the silence thick in the confines of Dean’s room.
“But you—didn’t you go with them?”
“OK, OK. Fine! I get it. Never telling you anything ever again,” Dean mumbles.
Dean, completely out of breath, replied, “Oh...really…? Why...not…?”
Dean puts his arms around him and presses his hands hard against the back of his coat. “Whoa, Cas, come back to me, come back to me.”
serious, and it’s OK that you feel bad about it. I know it’s Lucifer, the baddest of the bad or whatever nonsense, but still. It sucks.” She sighs. “I’m sorry I made fun of you, it’s just—never mind, not important right now.”
Charlie finds him after about half an hour. She’s pretty good at shooting a gun, but she lets him baby her anyway. It makes him feel better.
“Cas,” Dean breathes. He crosses the room and pulls him up from the stool, grabbing him in the tightest hug possible. “You’re back.”
“Dean had a few second degree burns and some cuts from a cooking accident. I very professionally took care of him and then asked him out way later. Much, much later,” Cas lies.
His Tuesday texted him around 6 p.m.
“She’s a baby, Sam. What the hell else am I supposed to do?”
As a brand new fifth grade teacher, he meets a lot of young and middle-aged moms, many of them single but most of them not – but single or not it doesn’t really make a difference. They still all relentlessly flirt with him.
Another pause. “And you’re calling because…?”
“Can’t let it get me,” she says, frantic, her eyes wide and a kitchen knife poised in her hand. “It got me earlier, can’t let it get me again. Can’t let it get me.”
Dean sits at the table and hands Amara the bottle. “Something’s up with you. Talk to me.”
“Shut up.”
“Let’s go home,” Dean whispers. “Try to figure out what to do.”
Being human felt bad.
“It’s OK, Cas,” Dean tries to reassure. “We’ll find something.” He clears his throat. “Sam made a friend. I think she’s gonna stay here with us, uh, for a few days or whatever. She’s deaf. You know sign language, don’t you?”
“Billie doesn’t work for anybody. That’s not—it’s not my point, though. Lucifer would have to get permission from Cas, so why? Why did Cas give him permission?”
Charlie snorts a laugh.
Cas takes him there, but he doesn’t make it to the submarine with him.
“Well, I mean, I—” Dean cuts himself off, unwilling to say what he wants to say, which is that he still struggled with seeing Cas as a woman because it felt easier to touch and comfort and be near a woman.
“Yeah, sounds like Amara,” Dean says.
“I suppose I could shower instead of using my grace.”
“Is this a Penn and Teller routine? What the fuck are we doing?” Dean asks.
hot,” Cas says before walking past Dean right into his house.
As they turn toward the door to go inside, Crowley appears in front of them with an annoyed expression on his face. He looks from Dean to Cas then back to Dean.
Cas drops his hand, seemingly unaware of anything being weird. He opens his mouth to say something else, but he’s cut off by Mary appearing behind him and saying a surprised, “Oh,” when she sees them both.
He stared at Dean. “Did you just refuse seconds?”
“That’s not possible.”
With his mouth still pressed delicately to Dean’s shoulder, Cas moved his right hand out from beneath Dean’s hold and slowly circled his middle finger around his rim. Cas wasn’t as big as some of the dildos Dean used, but it was still nice how he carefully opened him up, how sure he was that he wouldn’t hurt Dean before pushing in.
“I have to…” he starts, unsure. “I think I have to…”
After he hangs up, there’s a heavy silence in the car until Sam breaks it.
As Mildred headed back toward her bathroom, Dean sat down on the couch and shouted, “You’re paying for these minutes, you know! If you need suggestions for better ways to use your money, I’m sure I can come up with some!”
Dean dropped his phone.
His body and mind go lax. He feels grass growing under him and vines growing over him, and he is sure that he is about to be buried in the earth forever, and he doesn’t care. He’s being consumed by darkness, and he doesn’t care.
“Did you at least figure out if it was…” Dean points at Amara.
“Cas?” he says, but Cas is still groaning against Dean’s chest. Sam looks at Dean. “What’s wrong with him?”
Sam held his hands up defensively. “I didn’t say anything about your weight.”
Charlie snorted a laugh. “His hundredth birthday is next week, don’t forget.”
Winchester Welding, how may I help you? Oh, Mr. Novak, how’s that air duct working now? Good, good. You what? We, uh, normally don’t do bikes, but sure, I can send somebody over. Around 3 o’clock? Yeah, that’s good. Try not to break anything else in the meantime, alright? Thanks, Mr. Novak.
As the silence stretches, Dean thinks he’s made a mistake in calling Cas. He’s always been able to be more open, or more vulnerable, with Cas than he is with Sam about certain things, and he thinks it’s because he doesn’t worry about disappointing Cas, or scaring him, or making him think badly of him. Dean doesn’t get embarrassed talking to Cas the way he does with other people, but now, as he waits for Cas’ reply, he isn’t so sure.
He never really understood Dean’s obsession with the Impala until he had a car of his own. A giant machine that he could look at with reverence and think
Dean smiled at him. “Nothing. I just love you.”
“Yeah, I guess.” Dean avoids eye contact. “I don’t think Cas or I could do it.”
Cas sends back a smiley face emoji and a thumbs up. Dean smiles down at his phone.
Dean ignores her. He pulls away from Cas but keeps a hand on his shoulder and the other around his back, and he takes his time studying his familiar face, happy not to be looking so far down at him.
And the woman who had yet to say anything, who was still staring at Dean with wide eyes, gasped and looked down at their arms.
“Yeah, me too. See you soon.”
Sam laughs. “No, but you just confirmed my suspicions. Happy for you, Dean. Let me know what you guys find out today.” He hangs up.
Dean’s door was open, and he was asleep on the couch when Castiel came in. Castiel considered waking him up but ended up just staring at him instead. Dean’s face had softened in the short time Castiel had known him, his formerly cut jawline now pillowed in a little bit of fat beneath his chin, his cheeks fuller and pinker. His sleeping face looked so content and young, it made Castiel ache to touch him.
“Dean,” Sam says sternly.
“Oh, yeah? Well, I’m ready. Let’s go.”
with her. I can’t imagine she would’ve seen—”
Amara blows her tongue and wraps her arms around Dean’s leg and squeezes. Dean shuffles around the kitchen with her attached to him, putting eggs and bacon on the stove and getting applesauce out of the pantry. He’s thinking about going on a supply run to get Amara baby food and maybe even real food since he’s sure she’ll be growing teeth any minute when he turns around and is pulled up short by Cas stepping through the doorway, his hair fluffy and disheveled, wearing a soft gray t-shirt and jeans that hug his hips a little too tightly and drag just a bit under his bare feet. Dean stands still for so long that Amara gets bored and teeters away from him and over to Sam instead.
“Apparently thrown out the window after shark attacks, yeah, I got that. Bye, Cas.”
Cas started to get up, but Dean yanked on his arm and said, “Hey, c’mere,” and pulled him down for a kiss.
Crowley sighed deeply. “I won’t wait forever, Dean.”
“Oh Christ, dude, please don’t tell me you’re a virgin.”
“Dean?” she asks.
“I can take care of myself.”
“Cas, hey,” Dean said quickly, locking eyes with Bela.
“If you were human, you’d be dead,” Dean says. “With you, it’s like it’s digging deeper.” He shakes his head. “We gotta find Rowena. Today.”
“Oh. Um,” Mary says awkwardly as she looks at Cas’ face. “I’m sorry, I’m embarrassed. I’m now realizing I definitely said some things to you that I would not have said if I’d met you in
Saturday
“Dean, I have to tell you something.”
In the morning, Dean woke with a groan and immediately fumbled for his phone to check his video.
“Cas,” he says, exasperated, lying on his back in the dark. “I need some sleep, and I can’t leave you alone. You’re hurt, and I swear to god if you rip those stitches—just stay on the bed. Please.”
“I have no idea. Looks like a dog sweater.”
Eileen glares at Sam. “You guys are
“I knew your foot was getting better, but it’s good to see you out and about,” Cassie said, eyeing him up and down. “You look good, Dean.”
Dean clenches his jaw. His right hand twitches by his side. “The angels? So, what, you’re all buddied up with heaven’s brightest again? That’s–that’s good. Good for you.”
Dean looked at Cas, searching his face for some indication that he knew what was going on. Dean felt like Cas was about to say something, to reveal that he knew everything and had seen everything, and then what? Dean kept looking at him, irrationally
“I’ve accidentally called you to me like a hundred times, dude.”
Dean stares at his phone for a long time, debating whether he should call Sam. Instead, he sends a text to Cas.
“I know,” she replies.
“Dean, you look smaller every time I come over here,” Jody says.
“Fine, thank you,” Cas answers gruffly.
Dean avoids eye contact. “Years. As long as I’ve known him.” He straightens up and frowns at her. “He’s not the only one I’ve had to bunk up with, Mom. I ain’t exactly had a life conducive to privacy.”
Or at least that’s what he thinks is happening. He’s still not entirely sure, but the flirting authority in his life believes it to be true. In any case, these moms are
Sam is quiet for a few seconds. Then, “If Amara had, uh, stayed good, like she was when she was little, would you still want to be around her now? Like, now that she’s an adult?”
Sam and Eileen are huddled together in the library staring at Sam’s laptop, sitting so close together they might as well be in each other’s laps. Dean gives them a gruff, “I’m going for a drive,” and doesn’t wait for a response before heading for the garage.
“Why are you acting like I don’t know this information?”
Dean finds him afterward, sitting on the back pew of a mostly empty chapel on the second floor. Dean sits down next to him and looks straight ahead.
You’re relieved because you were so worried that I was actually Cas.”
Dean:
Dean blinked. “No, I ain’t his wife. He’s a grown man, he can do what he wants.”
“Uh, I don’t know,” Sam says. “I’m just saying that, like, if I had to
Clint and Ida May possess the kind of southern hospitality that means they’ve never met a stranger and therefore talk to Charlie well past midnight. Dean sits close to her and attempts to stay engaged in the conversation, but after the second time he nods off Cas taps his shoulder and tells him to go to bed.
jerk off.”
Back inside, Dean gets under the covers and waits in anticipation for what Cas decides to do. The sound of muffled voices comes through the wall, which means Crowley still has company. Cas wavers by the door.
When Bela returned, she sat on the edge of the bed and lit up a cigarette.
Dean saw it, the half moment of hesitation, of Cas thinking he was caught in some kind of dream. Then he blinked and crossed the room in three steps, fumbling with his belt buckle as he went.
Cas raised a limp hand from the bed and pointed halfheartedly toward the closet, then he rubbed his face into the pillow and made a sleepy little noise.
Castiel parked his truck next to a black behemoth of an old car. A tall man came out of the townhouse attached to the right of Dean’s and offered Castiel a curt nod as he walked toward a red Subaru. Castiel waved, and the man stopped in his tracks.
“What? Really?”
Paula looks down at her hands curiously, then she looks up at Dean and tilts her head to the side, her eyebrows furrowed.
Except one day after Cas has been gone for a particularly long time, Sam passes by Dean’s room and instead of the expected moans, he hears…laughter. Like, knee-slapping, tears-on-your-face laughter.
“The reaper Billie?” Dean looks across the room at the top of Sam’s head.
Sam shifted from foot to foot. “Why? Are you dating him?”
When Benny noticed the one hickey Cas had accidentally left on him, he went through the typical routine of possessiveness, but Dean couldn’t take it.
He didn’t say anything when Dean and Cas shuffled into the bathroom together the next morning, but he
“Uh, not much,” Sam says. “Without the Book of the Damned, we’re kind of…”
“But–”
Although the trance is broken, Dean is slow to extricate himself from Cas. He drops a couple more kisses to his flushed skin and keeps their legs tangled together as he reaches over to the nightstand and answers his phone.
Dean scoffs. “Can I not have fun for one single night of my life?”
“Cas.”
Dean shifted nervously in his seat. “Um. I’m still keeping my hookups. But if you don’t want to—”
“No, I don’t mean—” Now Dean is laughing, too. “Obviously he
“It’s nice to meet you,” Sam says politely, offering his hand out for her to shake.
“I met him at the club, babe. Last week. Got back a day early and didn’t tell you.” He set all the grocery bags on the floor and moved toward Cassie. “Is this the guy you see on Fridays? Baby, I had no idea—I use a fake name at gay clubs, I didn’t—”
“Mm.”
The road stretched ahead of them; Cas tapped along to the music.
Sam grabs him by the shoulder and pulls him away from the void. “It’s fine, Dean. We’ll go back the way we came in. We have to...We need to go. We have to get back to the bunker, and…”
Sam huffed a laugh. “You can say that again. Hey, how’s that going, by the way? He spends so much more time with you than he does his other days.”
Next, he planned on getting the Impala’s first license plate number, KAZ-2Y5, under his right arm.
“The what? Oh, the thing I made you? That’s, uh, I brazed it.”
Dean clenched both hands into fists at his sides, stuck in place as he watched Cas. The covers had gotten messy and tangled around him in the night, so Dean could see how he had one leg hiked up and one hand stretched down near his calf, the other arm tucked under his face. Dean resisted the primal urge to take a picture.
“...Should never make deals with the Winchesters, since they seem unable to hold up their end of the bargain,” she says.
Cas flies in while they’re eating at a crap diner and steals fries off of Dean’s plate.
“Yeah, I think we will. Hurts too much to think we won’t.”
Just as he’s closing his eyes, he hears someone come into the room again.
Once they get back to Lebanon, Dean speeds even faster toward Clint and Ida May’s house. It hasn’t burned to the ground yet, but it’s on its way. They and their truck are nowhere to be found. Charlie doesn’t answer her phone when Dean calls.
“OK, and why the hell do you have a roommate?”
“I think they are.” He turns fully toward Dean, looking up into his eyes pensively. “I think you did it. You stopped the Darkness.”
Mildred nods slowly and studies him for a moment, taking a drink of her coffee. She then says, “Well, Dean, you are
“Gayer?”
“Yes, Lucifer will be moving quickly,” Cas replies, moving toward the door and avoiding eye contact with everyone. “We don’t have any time to lose.”
“He treats everybody like that, don’t worry.”
Dean punched him lightly in the arm, pulling a soft smile out of him.
“You’ve kept me hidden away. You kept me from seeing that the world is dying,” she says.
Dean smiles and drinks his beer.
“I mean,” Sam continues, “If I had never done anything other than hunting, I think I’d be wondering what I could be doing instead now. I’d, you know, fantasize about a normal life. But I don’t do that, because a normal life was really fucking boring, to be honest.”
“Babe,” Dean said.
Cas held up a shirt in each hand, one a plaid flannel in different shades of brown and the other a dark red plaid flannel.
“Alright, good enough for me.” Dean takes one more drink of coffee then sets his mug down. “We can leave in 10. Charlie, you coming?”
Playing this role made him feel better about himself than he had in years.
Sam made a disgusted face at him. “Dude, I don’t understand why you let Saturday do that to you. You look like you got beaten up.”
“Whoa, hey, I was gonna sleep there,” Dean says, offended. “You’re a guest, you should get a bed. Cas can stay awake if you don’t wanna share with him.”
Taking his lead, Castiel stood and walked robotically toward the door. Dean only said, “Night, Cas” before Castiel was standing outside, alone, wondering what the hell had just happened.
“Yeah, well, she can eat my ass. She kept looking me up and down and, like, blatantly said she didn’t believe that you were actually into ‘big girls’ and had to ‘see for herself.’”
“Dean,” Cas said softly.
“And what, Sam? What the hell do we do now?”
about this, alright? I mean no one.”
Star Tattoo said.
Dean laughed lightly, then pressed play, turning back toward the TV. “Never mind.”
They sit in silence for a few minutes, drinking.
“Aye, I told you,” Rowena answers. “Paula is insurance. She agreed to have Castiel inhabit her body before he even gave permission to Lucifer.”
Dean rolls his eyes as he puts Amara down. He then gets one of the bags of toys he bought for her and sets them out for her to play. “I’m sorry, did I not just see you holding her hand when you walked in here? Look at her.” He gestures to the floor, where Amara is hugging a baby doll, kissing its head, then wrapping a little blanket around it and rocking it to sleep. “How the fuck do you expect me to be objective here?”
Charlie doesn’t respond right away, so Dean closes his eyes and chants “please” under his breath over and over again.
“You guys are the ones causing all of this,” the woman replies angrily. She backs up against the wall perpendicular to Sam, putting both of them in her line of sight.
“Yeah, we know her,” Dean interrupted. He turned toward Cas and gestured with his head. “Go check on Sam, see if Eileen’s with him now.”
Anything to show that she’s dangerous?”
Exactly five minutes later, Cas knocked on the door and Dean let him in. Bobby surveyed him then asked him a slew of questions, everything from “where are you from” to “what are your intentions with Dean.”
Dean leans to the side, keeping the baby steady as he kisses Cas on the lips.
“I mean, older guys always text me back. Immediately. Not that he’s old, I mean, he’s just four years older than me, but I don’t get left on read like this. At least not before I’ve told the guy I’m bi and not gay, I don’t. Look at me, do I look like a guy who gets left on read?”
It’s silent on the bunker’s main level. The heat is stifling and oppressive, and Dean is hyper aware of every bead of sweat that slides down his face. He holds his gun out in front of him as if that will help. Around every corner, into every room and hallway, he expects to see Amara’s face. He and Cas circle around until they meet Sam in the library. Sam shakes his head and lowers his gun. None of them say anything.
“OK,” Castiel conceded. “One movie.”
The few times he’s been sent to earth are his most concrete memories, likely because he was confined to a human body and bound by the straight line of earthly time. Even so, he is almost certain that those memories have been altered. He feels sure that if he rebelled for a human once, then he has done it before. He’s too old not to have.
“Is that...a problem?”
“Yeah,” she said with a loud laugh. “Why don’t you bring him over to our house one night and we’ll let you know how we feel about him?”
"No."
Of course, Sam never gets what he wants so two days later he boxes his ears after hearing another desperate and breathy
Dean bear hugs her and throws her over his shoulder to carry her to her room. She keeps screaming and kicking and punching her little fists against his back, but the only power she has against him is that of a teenage girl. Even after everything, she still can’t hurt him.
“Your mother?”
Benny got up immediately, slapped some bills down on the countertop and grabbed Dean’s hand in a hard grip. “C’mon, time to make you forget about Thursday.”
“What are you doing?” Cas asked.
“Cas, it’s been wonderful working with you,” Dean says as he removes his scuba gear. “This isn’t a two weeks’ notice. I’m quitting right now. Hope you can find somebody else to finish that weld for you.”
“Crowley?” Dean asks.
“Yes, but Penelope is not a miniature Yorkshire Terrier, Sam.”
“I told them I would help, too,” Jack says cheerfully. “I would love a little brother or sister. And I can heal most injuries other than death, so if they keep hunting while Eileen is pregnant, it’ll be OK.”
Crowley was very quiet for several long seconds. A very expensive clock was ticking on the wall. Eventually, they said, “So. You have feelings for him.”
“Yeah, and we could use some witches in our corner,” Dean adds. “Anything to get Rowena on our side, or, you know, at least get her to stop fucking with us.”
They finished their meal quickly and quietly, then they walked out to the Impala together and Dean couldn’t wait a second longer than the nearly 13 years he’d already waited, so he pushed Cas up against the driver’s side door and kissed him.
“Yeah.” He huffs a laugh. “God, you’re gonna be so pissed if un-hexed you remembers this conversation.”
Dean is finishing up a particularly nice bead when he feels a bump at his back. He turns to see what it is, but his mask doesn’t adjust back to normal before all that appears in his line of vision is the bubbles and seaweed of the ocean.
Dean can tell, as they’re wrapping everything up, that things are worse for his mom. She’s even more withdrawn, quieter, evasive. Dean thinks he understands a little bit of what she’s going through—seeing children act as monsters has shaken him, too. He tries not to think about Amara.
“Yeah, come in.”
Dean said, “Oh, I just didn't want you to judge me and Sammy for sitting here drinking while Eileen cooks." He wrapped his hand around the back of Castiel’s head to pull him forward for a kiss. He then smiled down at the pie between them. “Did you make that?”
Dean’s phone pinged while Benny was taking his turn.
So instead he gets up from the bed and tells Cas he’s going to put Amara down for the night.
One of the last days they were there, Angela asked Dean if he wanted to come over to her place. He wanted to. God, he wanted to.
The ghost looked like a young man, several of his teeth missing, buck naked with sores all over his pale body. He spoke in a monotone about a disease destined to ravage the world every 200 years and how the only way to stop it was for him to gather sacrifices on exactly this date.
“Dean,” Charlie says.
As Cas talks, Dean feels the bed shift and hears Button clear her throat. A hand snakes over his bare shoulder and across his chest, followed by Button’s mouth slowly kissing his skin. He can feel her soft breasts and belly press against his back, and suddenly his heart is racing in his chest.
Jack pauses the movie and looks over at them with a smile. In a sweet, polite tone, he asks, “I don’t mean to be rude, but can you guys please shut the fuck up?”
“Yeah, your face doesn’t look as gaunt as it did a week ago.”
Cas smiles into a kiss, putting his hand to the side of Dean’s face to pull him down to his lips. Dean groans in the back of his throat and rolls his hips.
married than you.”
Strangely enough, Dean and Cas readily agree that maybe there’s something going on between them, and perhaps they should discuss it.
Dean desperately wants to tell him to stay, to come to bed, to lie next to him and just stay, just stay. He says nothing.
Dean:
But then it stops making sense.
Charlie. “Dean, what’s going on?”
Sam looks down at his keyboard, huffs a short laugh, straightens up a bit in his seat. “What’s on it?”
“Yeah.”
“Dean,” Cas says.
They haven’t heard much from Cas in the past few days, so Dean sends him a somewhat drunk text.
“Did you make your choice, Dean?” she asks.
“When you get better, you cancel your gym membership and go on walks with me instead.”
Dean pulled his phone out.
“Dean, I—it’s good to hear your voice,” Cas says. “I can’t come to you. Rowena, she—it’s a spell, it’s not safe to be around me right now. Dean, the Mark, is it—”
“I think that would be good.”
“Oh right, I almost forgot. I got him a new hat. What do you think are the chances I can convince him to stop wearing that old junky piece of shit hat he’s been wearing since before we were born?”
Interviewing people is easy, especially the first few people who tell miraculous stories of healing, and it’s so reminiscent of the dream Dean had that he thinks he must be in another one. But he hasn’t figured out what he can do about it yet, so he just keeps working.
They pull away from each other, and Sam feels himself tearing up at how ecstatic Cas looks.
As he read the first few chapters about a young woman sabotaging her own life through a series of botched relationships, he wondered if Cas was trying to tell him something.
Three times Dean tries to tell Sam.
Charlie runs in a second later, also with blood on her. “We need more warding,” she says seriously. “Someone help me with warding.”
“You OK, bud?” Dean asks.
“Morning, Sammy!” Dean yells before leaning over and kissing Sam on the top of his head.
“Oh come on, don’t quote me to me.” Other Dean took a beer out of the fridge and tossed the cap in the direction of the trash can. “Although if you’re from a different universe, I guess you wouldn’t have a memory of that. I must just say the same shit in every version of myself.”
“Really?” Sam asks.
“That’s none of your business.”
He drinks alone in his room that night, falls asleep on top of the covers still in his jeans and button down, then wakes up in the middle of the night and rushes to the sink to vomit. After, he stumbles to his closet to change into pajamas but hears movement out in the library as he's removing his overshirt. He checks his waistband for his gun and ventures out into the dark hallway only to find Cas standing by a bookshelf and staring at it, unmoving.
Dean always beat Benny at pool, but only just barely. He would purposely miss four or five shots so that Benny at least felt like it was a fair game. In reality, Dean could probably beat Benny without ever letting him take a shot.
“My hands are already on your ass, Dean. It can’t possibly get much more embarrassing,” Dr. Novak deadpans.
Dean doesn’t respond right away. He doesn’t want to say what he thinks, which is that Sam is turning into Bobby, and where does that leave Dean? Just one of many hunters taking up space in the bunker?
Dean blushes and shrugs. “I don’t know, dude. Just…’cause.”
He thought about calling Crowley, but that was cowardly, so he just texted him to tell him he had something to talk to him about and that he wouldn’t be able to stay at his house for very long.
“Because they’re so fucking tight, dude.” Dean fidgeted uncomfortably, pressing a hand to his impossibly flat stomach. “I get so hungry after working out, but then, like, I can’t fit into my clothes, you know?”
“So, like, enough food for four regular people?” Charlie asked. “We could teach Dean how to share.”
She smiles knowingly at him. “There’s somebody you miss more than everybody else.”
“Dean,” Sam chastises.
Dean pulls his gun out and fiddles with it. “He’s not gonna help us. I don’t want him here.”
Through panted breaths, Cas said, “That—was—unlike—anything—I’ve—ever…”
It’s a Friday night, and Dean’s plans for the evening include wearing nothing but boxers, eating a tub of ice cream and catching up on the episodes of
“Sure did.”
“The bunker? Is that the place you were talking about a minute ago?”
Amara appears at the edge of her overgrown forest, shadowed by her trees, just a few feet behind Cas. Her arms and face are covered in dirt, her hands clenched at her sides. She looks ancient, despite being a pre-pubescent teenager.
Dean stopped as soon as he picked Sam up from Stanford.
“Hmm?”
Suddenly Cas’ eyes pop up and past Dean as Sam enters the kitchen.
There’s a noise above their heads. Like the sound of something being forced open.
Dean shakes his head and goes over to the coffeemaker. “What do you think’s up with Cas?”
Dean exited out of his useless research and clicked over to porn. It didn’t take much, and Dean wasn’t exactly picky. Sex was sex.
“Uh, botox and gridlock traffic, sweaty desperation of mediocre-looking no-talent douchebags trying to make it big?”
Cas doesn’t respond right away. Sam excuses himself to go to the bathroom, leaving Dean to wait impatiently for a text that he knows probably won’t come for several more minutes at least. Pumped full of adrenaline and weakened inhibitions, he gets up and goes to the bar and
It’s too quiet in the bunker, the walls yawning, stretching in the silence. Dean retrieves a bottle of whiskey and two tumblers and sits by himself in the library, waiting. He manages to get down two fingers before Cas comes in wearing one of Dean’s old t-shirts and soft pajama pants. Dean pours him a glass and slides it across the table as Cas takes a seat.
Several seconds later, Sam says, “You know you’re allowed to be whoever you want to be, right, Dean?”
Dean slammed the door in his face.
He wanted her.
Sam and Cas shrug.
Cas wakes up with a start, looking around in confusion for a second before getting up quickly from Dean’s bed. “Good morning,” he grumbles.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “I enjoy their company. Why do
“I don’t just mean technology, or, uh, you and Sammy being grown-ups. I mean, yeah, it’s really weird that I was dead and now I’m back and my sons are only a handful of years younger than me.” She laughs humorlessly. “It’s also that you guys live in the Men of Letters bunker. The Men of Letters was a myth. And you know angels and demons and reapers and witches. I wanted to keep you out of this life, and you’re more in it than I ever was.”
“Hell no,” Dean says automatically.
don’t read. Put my damn books down, Bela.”
“Yeah, uh, I’m gonna get another room so you guys don’t have to do...this...out here.”
Star Tattoo stopped the video.
“Uh, yeah?”
Dean wants to ask him. He needs to know why Cas has been so cold lately, so distant and just on the edge of being mad at him. Instead, he says, “There’s none. No acceptable way to lose you. I—I need you.”
“Texting your wife to let her know you’re not coming home tonight?” Button asks. Before Dean can answer, she continues, “Just kidding, I’ve never met a guy
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas looks at him curiously, crease between his brow and head tilted to the side.
“What do you mean?”
He holds Sam for too long, enough for the chick in Sam’s hotel room to clear her throat and ask if they’re a couple. When Sam pulls away and says no, Dean aches at the loss of contact. He aches, and he doesn’t know why. He doesn’t know what he wants.
Sam sighs and explains, “He’s too busy worried about you during hunts.”
Hiking was by no means Dean’s favorite activity, so he had to dig through the back of his closet to find some viable boots. He put on the loosest jean shorts he had and a neon green tank top and pulled his hair up on top of his head like Pebbles from
He would probably keep making videos. A lot of people liked him, and he was making pretty decent money. The most honest money he’d ever made, actually. He liked being desired, and he liked reclaiming something that had been so painful in his youth. As long as Cas was on board for it, he would keep doing it. If he made enough money, maybe they could move out of the bunker and into a real home together.
They don’t talk about it for the rest of the day. They’re preoccupied with Amara during lunch, and Dean keeps texting Cas and obsessively checking his phone for a response that never comes, and then Dean realizes that the sandwiches are the first real meal he’s had since losing the Mark, and he vomits an hour after eating. It’s not a big deal, so he doesn’t mention it to Sam.
When Bobby reached for the grab bars, Dean reached for Bobby, helping him stand and pull his pants down to sit on the can.
Cas looked to Dean for confirmation that Pati was fucking with him. Dean just shrugged.
Dean looks around at the sudden chaos. “I...I don’t know. If she’s coming here to kill us...we don’t stand a chance.”
Dean doesn’t waver. “How the hell did you get here?”
A Monday
“You’re a welder,” Cas states as soon as he’s standing outside of Dean’s garage looking like an idiot.
Thursday was Dean’s favorite day of the week.
“That was different. Amara, she—Sam, I don’t know. You know if she goes—if she goes dark side, you know I’ll be useless. You sure the visions said ‘we’? We like you
Cas moved his arm up around Dean’s back and carded his fingers through the back of his short hair. “Dean, I think I need to—I should get going. I’ve got to—”
“How the hell did you know about Sam’s visions?”
“And that’s why he always does everything you need him to do?” Sam presses.
Cas is also facedown on the bed, but instead of getting up, he burrows deeper and mumbles sleepily, “Start the coffee, please.”
Cas takes a deep breath. A tear slips down his cheek, and he wipes it away delicately. “I don’t know if I’ll ever get used to hearing you say stuff like that to me. Not even in my most self-indulgent fantasies did I imagine...”
Dean huffs a nervous laugh and stares at the table. “Yeah, uh, this would be a hell of a lot easier if you had died.”
“Dean! What the hell did you do?” Sam yells as he runs down the hall to catch his dog.
“No, thanks,” Charlie replies easily. “Nursing home’s not really my vibe. I’ll keep doing research here and let you know if I find anything.”
He still shows up when they’re in the middle of nowhere and haven’t talked to him in weeks. It’s like he just
over a stolen goddamn French fry.
So he likes showing off. Sue him.
Jesse and Cesar continue arguing until Dean says, “You guys fight like me and my brother.”
“Eileen’s outside, she figured it out,” Sam yelled back, swinging an iron rod.
Dean told her what happened with Cas, how he found out the truth, how they hadn’t talked since Sunday despite Dean texting him every day.
is this thing?” is all Sam and Cas hear from the hallway before the impending footsteps.
The room is spotless, the bed and dresser exactly the way they were before Amara moved in.
“Years. So many fucking years, Dean.”
“What
be OK if all you had was Cas, but I couldn’t do it. And then once I started reaching out to people, you know, I realized it was easier to have friends than not have friends. And then I just started looking people up and keeping tabs on different hunters, so we’d be prepared when we inevitably run into them.” He shakes his head. “I don’t know how Eileen escaped my notice. I thought I was doing a pretty good job keeping track of everybody in North America.”
This seemed to reassure Cas, and they moved onto more casual conversation while Dean finished making dinner.
“Yeah. Yeah, it will.”
Cas just barely rolls his eyes as he closes the journal. “When I was sick, you let me watch Netflix and eat all of your Lucky Charms. I think you’re a fine host.”
Dean:
“Don’t tell me what I already know, son. One day you’re 33 and the next day you’re 99, so don’t act like you know anything about anything. You want a boyfriend, pull out that phone and ask him out.”
She blinks at him. “I’m coming to the bunker. You won’t use that bomb on me.”
“The fog. You can’t move, can’t breathe, can’t think. And then it’s gone. And then it comes back,” Mildred says like she’s not even aware that Dean is in the room with her.
Eileen had arrived two days before them and pretended to be an enthusiast only interested in the legend. She apparently had made some friends and was already parked in a lawn chair outside the house with them. She texted directions to Sam on how to sneak in through the back of the house without anyone noticing, so they could kill the ghost inside as soon as it appeared.
From the kitchen, Cas said, “Dean doesn’t deprive himself anymore, so if he says he’s full, he’s actually full. Don’t worry about him.”
to you sometimes!”
“Morning,” Dean whisper-shouts.
“I wasn’t serious last week when I said you were letting yourself go,” she said. “But honestly, Dean, have you been bingeing? You’re positively bloated.”
“Because I’m not a work-until-11-p.m. person, either.”
It hurts like hell to sit, so Dean chooses to stand instead. The doctor sits at a fancy computer and starts clicking around and pulling up files that make no sense to Dean.
“Hello, Dean.”
There was a bang on the door from the outside followed by Eileen’s voice shouting, “Dean, if you’re there, bang on the door and I’ll feel the vibrations!”
“Isn’t one of your friends a werewolf?” Max asks.
Dean responds the way he wanted to earlier, with a winning smile and a wink. “And you’re gorgeous,” he says.
He’s the first to yawn.
“It’s a baby, Cas. What were we supposed to do?” Dean slowly pulls his hand away; Cas lets him go. “Better that she’s here, where we can keep an eye on her.”
“Yeah. OK.” Dean walks off.
“Dean, I’ll let your favorite patient know that you love the reacher and that you’re being spoiled here.” She gave Dean a hug, too.
“Good morning, Dean,” Cas said between their mouths.
Cas shifted and nuzzled, turning more fully into Dean and wrapping a strong arm around his waist before falling back to sleep.
Dean thinks about it. He knows Amara was born in August of 2015, and it’s only been a few weeks since…Except it’s definitely 2016. “What the hell.”
Dean:
Dean moves his hand from Cas’ shoulder to behind his neck, fitting his thumb in front of Cas’ ear and nudging his head up until he’s making eye contact again.
“Dude, what the hell
Part 1
“Yeah.” Sam drums his fingers against the wall in thought. “Uh, is she how you remember her? Like, from when you were a kid?”
They didn’t make any decisions before Cas got distracted by the books and asked Dean which ones he could borrow. He pulled out and put back several, not bothering to slot them properly and instead putting the spines out, leaving them on their sides, on the coffee table.
“Well, definitely the most intimate,” Dean said stupidly. He froze, fork halfway to his mouth. “I mean, uh. Who said that?”
“Alright, first question,” Charlie starts. “Cas, where’d you get the hot lady?”
Dean’s laptop is on the table, so he sits across from her and opens it as he says, “Yeah, well, hopefully soon you get to meet him like he actually is.”
They kiss, slowly and carefully. Dean stares. They disappear.
As soon as they get back to the motel, Sam says very calmly, “Cas, buddy, you can’t come on hunts with us anymore.”
“I felt lost when I was in Paula’s body.”
“She’s been like this since I came back,” he says, smiling brightly. “I had no idea she liked me this much.”
On a whim, he says out loud, “Amara.”
Dean furrows his eyebrows at her then looks at Cas then back to Amara. “So it’s the Mark of Cain?”
Dean’s heart sank. “Uh-oh.”
“Alright, you mind sharing with the class or you wanna keep being cryptic?”
He manages to make it a couple hours on the ship undetected before he’s trapped in a room with scared soldiers asking him to prove if he really is from the future. He meets Delphine, and she shows him the Hand of God. It’s just a piece of wood.
Sam looks at the woman and points at Dean, and she finally turns around and lowers the knife to waist height. Sam is pinned to the wall by an unfamiliar warding.
Crowley shouted loud enough for the whole neighborhood to hear.
Sam sets his lips into a hard line, but he doesn’t say anything. Dean knows, actually, that it
“OK, I’m just gonna start cutting and you tell me when to stop.”
“Great.”
Sam shrugs. “Yeah, I guess.”
Cas sneaks past them down the hall, disappearing quickly out of Dean’s room.
“Dean?” Sam asks.
Dean clenched his jaw.
In the dark of his room, still naked, he rewatched the video several times. It wasn’t anything special, but he didn’t hate it, either.
“How’d you get the card?” Dean says.
Dean cleared his throat. “Yeah. Eileen track down any of the vamps that scattered?”
“Through what, Dean? Torture?” Cas asks, his voice rising just slightly. “I already made him bleed for that information, and I believed him when he said it was all he—”
“Oh, Castiel, we finally get to meet,” Ida May says gently. She pulls him down for a hug and then grips him by the elbows to get a good look up at him. “You’re as handsome as I thought you’d be.”
“Um, it was good.”
“Hm,” Dean grunts. “Don’t like that.”
After another few minutes of silence, Sam asks, “Are you doing OK?”
Dean yells. He gets up and starts walking away as he says, “Have pity on the guy who fucking murdered me, yeah, real smart move there, Cas!”
Amara shakes her head. “It’s not me,” she says matter-of-factly.
“Her name’s Billie. She just—she showed up right here and said Death is ‘out of the picture,’ so the next time we die will be it. No more coming back. She said we’d be thrown into a place called the Empty.”
“And I was just—oh, hi, Cas,” Mary says.
“Oh no, I know that face,” Dean said as he came out of the bathroom. “You responding or unfriending?”
“I can’t reach him. That’s the only reason why I called you, so now that I know you’re no help, I’m hanging—”
“Wait.” He set Jack down and pulled up the sleeve of his hoodie to reveal the Starship Enterprise and Millennium Falcon tattooed on his forearm, both of them flying toward his wrist. “I’m getting all my favorite spaceships as a half-sleeve.
Dean rolls his eyes and heads for the stairs. “I’m gonna go find him,” he mutters.
“Hmm? Yeah, I’m here.” Dean reaches up and rubs Button’s forearm. “What’d you ask me?”
They continue on in silence.
“Alcohol consumption per week?”
Dean sighed and shifted on the bed. Cas was seated against the headboard, not eating, and Dean sat between his legs, slightly leaned forward so he didn’t make a mess with his food.
“What?”
“I wasn’t trying to kick you out, Cas,” Dean says.
Dean didn’t make a video that day because he was too busy hanging out with Cas, going to the store with him, watching movies, talking. It was such a simple and perfect day that it seemed silly when they said goodnight to each other and went their separate ways.
That is, until Star Tattoo’s head moved, his face nearly coming into frame, and his whole body tensed before he resumed his thrusting. There was a muffled sound, followed by Star Tattoo saying,
Everybody “oohed” at him, only somewhat facetiously.
“No. I hate all of it. I hate the gym, I hate lifting weights, I hate being fucking hungry all the time because I have all this stupid, pointless muscle.”
“What the hell are you doing?” Dean asks as he opens the door and stops Sam mid-run.
Cas laughed gently. “I know, Dean. I love you, too.”
“He’s totally knocked out,” Charlie says in a panicked tone. “I didn’t know what to do, so I called Rowena.”
He’s wearing a thick leather jacket, even thicker leather gloves, dirty boots and a welding mask which he pushes up to reveal a soot-covered face. He’s got a clamp-looking thing in one hand and a thin stick in the other, but when he spots Cas he waves anyway.
They all get to the floor, moving to the walls for cover, and Dean fumbles to pull his phone out of his pocket. He drops an SOS and his location to Charlie so that Crowley can transport them all from the bunker to Biggerson’s.
“Pamela flirting with you?” Benny asked as Dean handed him a beer and kissed his cheek.
“I’m doing you a favor, Castiel,” Crowley spit, his hands gripping the desk in anger. “Take it or leave it.”
“She just took their souls.”
be quiet and listen to me. I need you to take your torch and turn away from your work. When the shark returns, spray it in the face with the oxygen and it will swim away. Do you understand?”
Dean puts his arm around her shoulder and pulls her to his side. “He almost lived long enough to be considered old. That’s the best you can ask for as a hunter, almost old and going out swinging.”
right now, so why bother with something so inconsequential as bringing me back to life?”
She hangs up.
“That’s a common age to have a kid, Dean.”
“I wish we were the same height,” Dean lamented, still looking through Sam and Eileen’s closet. “All my jeans are so fucking tight.”
“Except your legs?”
“Sam. What are you talking about?”
“For how long?”
“Cas, are your nipples pierced?” Eileen asks, shocked.
Amara looks around at the nebulous structure, squinting. “I didn’t have a whole lot of time to put this together, to be perfectly honest. I think we’re stuck in a time hole close enough to the surface of the earth that people you know can pass through.”
He made lovely noises as he got used to the size of the dildo, then he was thrusting his hips in earnest and breathing heavy and suddenly he choked out,
“I know it’s late. I apologize. I just finished the first season of
Other Dean raised his eyes. “He told me he loved—he said he loved me. And that he realized he couldn’t have what he wanted. And then the Empty took him.”
Dean hid a burp behind the back of his hand and used his other hand to very obviously pop the button of his shorts. “Yeah, I just wanted to hang out. You’re hot, and you clearly think I’m hot, so.” He shrugged.
Dean thinks he drifted off for a minute, but it’s hard to tell. He opens his eyes and feels the removal of Cas’ fingers from his forehead, and he tries to turn his head to look at Cas but it’s too heavy to move.
“It means I can do whatever I want. So, yeah. I didn’t reap Cas. You’re welcome.” She disappears.
Cas and Billie are both looking at something in the hallway.
Cas’ grip on him loosens a bit. “Am
“Well, can you make it stop? The person they brought back is a real see you next Tuesday.”
And Dean nearly cried. He had waited so long, had wanted for so long.
Hey, hon. Yeah, I’ll be home around 6. Nah, I’m manning the phones all day. I know. What? Dean’s coming over for dinner again? I’m starting to think you like him better than me. Yeah, no, alright. Love you, too.
He misreads the directions on the box and cooks the oatmeal for way longer than you’re supposed to. When he goes to retrieve it from the microwave, he burns his hand and drops the bowl on the floor.
Sam doesn’t say anything else, but he leans against the door frame, watching Dean.
Cas shifted against him. “I’ve waited forever for you to ask me that.”
“Pretty much. Family business, you know?”
They showered together and got ready, dressing up a little nicer than usual. On their way out the door, Cas grabbed Dean around the waist and hungrily kissed him, pushing him back against the sideboard and moving his mouth in a bruising rhythm.
Cas squinted at his plate.
But he’s not sure that’s true. Part of him thinks he isn’t strong enough, and that he could’ve easily killed Cas.
“Being able to comprehend any part of an angel’s true form is special,” Cas says gently. “But yes, being confined to a human body makes life feel more, um, human.”
Dean looks at Paula’s face for one more long second, trying to process that it’s Cas. He then turns toward the ring of holy fire and sees Lucifer still wearing Cas’ face.
“Are you OK?” Cas asks.
Heat rose to Dean’s face. “Oh, you fucker.”
This was the only thing Dean did until Sam came home a few days later.
“We’ll get a place with an extra room for Jack. A three-bedroom, so we can have a guest room, too,” Dean continued.
“Funerals always make me feel a little lost,” he explains. “And a lot lonely. You know what I mean?”
Dean rolls his eyes. “Lucifer possessing Cas, did you know?”
“Dean? Did something happen?” Sam asks.
Finally, Sam asks, “Did Dean just steal our dog?”
“Oh,” Sam replies, deflating a little. He gives Dean a pitying look. “I’m gonna put this back then.”
Dean shifts in his chair and leans forward so he’s on the level with Amara. “Amara, sweetheart, Charlie was dead. I didn’t even know you could bring her back.”
Dean blinks and backs off.
“Boy–
“Like a date?”
“You shouldn’t,” Dean responds easily.
“Hi,” she says stiffly.
“Buddy, you already explained that. It’s fine. Really.”
“I have?” Dean asks, picking up his tumbler but there’s nothing left in it. He’s not sure how much he drank.
Dean can’t stop laughing. “Yes, Jack, we’ll shut the fuck up.”
Dean looked over and saw her standing at the counter, tapping on his phone screen.
“Oh thank god we got permission from your husband,” Dean teased.
“Oh, Jesus, what is this?”
“Hey,” she says.
It’s strange.
They took turns showering at Cas’ apartment, but Dean didn’t have an extra change of clothes, so Cas gave him a pair of black joggers and a soft blue t-shirt. The shirt smelled like Cas, and that’s when Dean realized that Cas had a smell. A wonderful smell.
Dean squeezes his phone and waits for Sam to continue, but the line goes dead.
Dean and Cas share a look, trying to decide what to do, and in the moment of their hesitation, Amara pulls out a dozen more trees, two dozen, three dozen, and so on.
Cas furrows his brow. “What did I say about cursing?”
By the time Cas was scissoring two fingers into Dean’s hole, Dean felt drowsy and sated but knew he wasn’t going to fall back asleep. He pushed against Cas’ fingers and rolled his hips against the sheets, then he reached down and took himself in his hand. His angle was a little awkward, as the past few months of a committed relationship had contributed to several happy inches added to his waistline, so there was now a not-insignificant belly in the way of his cock.
They get back to the bunker, and Cas carries Amara bridal-style to her room and then stays in there with her for a while, presumably trying to keep her asleep. Dean goes to the library and explains the situation to Sam and Charlie, both of whom immediately start tapping away on their laptops like they can actually find a solution to the Amara problem.
Amara nods. “It misses you.” She goes back to playing with the fake food.
Jody said, “I just don’t see why you set up all these rules for yourself if it’s just gonna bite you in the ass when you want to break them.”
“He had Metatron, and he—”
“Although, actually I’m not sure if you’re an Adonis,” she continued, as if she was having a conversation with only herself. “You look like you’ve lost some self-control, Dean, you’re all puffy and round.” She reached over and indelicately squeezed the nonexistent fat on his hip. “Letting yourself go, love?”
She smacked his ass. He winced at the sting for less than a second before being split open by a dildo. Bela’s hands moved up his sides, and he could feel her hips jerking into him. A strap-on. He groaned against the sheets and rutted his body uselessly. Fuck, he loved Tuesday.
“Uh, hey, Cas.” Dean goes to his closet and digs out some clothes for Cas, tossing them at him as he says, “We’ve got a flimsy lead, nursing home around the corner. You wanna come?”
“No, I don’t think so. I’m…Goodbye, Dean.”
Charlie blinked up at him, staring for a few seconds. “What?” she asked.
Dean sleeps for six hours, which is less than what he’s been doing lately but more than his usual four. Then again, he always felt horrible after only sleeping four hours, so maybe six is good.
“Hmm?”
“You really aren’t capable of having feelings for me, then? It’s just not possible, despite all I’ve done for you?”
“I don’t know what I think, but one of us has to remain somewhat unbiased.” Cas moves toward the door again. “I’m going to find Amara,” he repeats.
“Yeah. My name’s actually Dean, and the other guy is my brother Sam.”
“Dean. Whatever she did to you, it wasn’t real.”
queer.”
Dean flips him off. “It’s
Cas turns not just his face but his whole body. Dean grabs a clean towel from the rack and wipes the shaving cream from Cas’ face before putting the electric razor to it. They don’t make eye contact while he works.
“Amara, whatever’s going on with you and Chuck, you have to figure that out, alright?” Dean pleads. “Don’t make me do this. Please.”
He invites Cas to come with them, but halfway up the bunker’s stairs Cas stops and abruptly changes his mind. He rushes back down, and when Dean tries to ask him what’s wrong, Cas just waves him off and says to go without him.
“Sam. I don’t have a clue what you’re talking about.”
Dean is fully awake by the time Cas lays him gently down on the bed. He gets up immediately, changes into pajamas and goes to the master bath to brush his teeth. Cas joins him at the sink, wearing just boxer briefs and one of Dean’s shirts. It barely covers his belly button.
A beat passes before Cas replies, “She’s gone?”
Dean keeps looking at the math. “Yeah.”
“Oh no, I heard about you from my friend Lizzo, you’re bad news,” Dean teased.
The next day, toys arrived in the mail and Dean made some lame excuse to go alone to his room.
After a pause, Dean said, “Glad to see Crowley’s over me.”
“Who is that?” he asks.
“I don’t think I’m a demon, Sam,” Charlie says as she and Dean break apart.
Cary Brothers’ “Blue Eyes” is playing on the radio and Sam and Dean haven’t talked in the past 20 miles.
The world shifts beneath his feet. In the blink of an eye, the colors change and Dean is standing outside the sinking Biggerson’s.
She leans forward, closer to him. “I would love to take you out some time, but I can tell you’re pining for somebody. I wouldn’t want to get in the way of that.”
“I don’t know. Maybe?”
“Yeah, I think you have,” Cas says. “Not that you weren’t skinny before, but you’ve lost weight since you stopped drinking.”
“I’ve been watching you since your very first YouTube video,” she continued, ignorant to how embarrassed Dean was by this conversation. She looked between Dean and Cas. “I know it’s, like, a performance you guys do, but it’s amazing that you’re actually together in real life.”
Dean glared at Cas.
Jesse and Cesar looked at each other, clearly having a silent conversation. It was Jesse who turned to Dean and said, “If you’re up for it, breakup sex?”
Dean walks to the bed, kicking things out of his way as he goes, and takes a seat next to her. He puts his arm around her shoulder, and when she comes to him easily he folds his other arm around her and squeezes her against him.
“You can never be too clean.”
Bucky just hums, clearly unsure what to say next. They stand in companionable silence for a few seconds, looking out into the backyard at the birdfeeders. Eventually Bucky straightens up and turns deliberately toward Dean.
Dean is sitting at the table in the library, watching Amara play on the floor. “Yeah, we’re good. I was just, um.” He taps his index finger against the table. “It’s weird, with just me and Cas here with the kid.”
Dean didn’t do any live videos for a few days.
OK, did you say the pipe under your sink, Mrs. Henry? OK. Yes, we can send a welder out to take care of that. What’s your address? Alright. Yep. It’ll be about an hour. Thank you.
“Spit it out, Sam.”
And so began the chase around the bunker to catch the 4-pound dog. When they finally get her, they’re both completely out of breath and collapse into chairs in the war room. Dean has her in the palm of his hand, and he holds her up to the light like he’s inspecting some ancient artifact. She yips at him.
There was a long pause before Cassie said, “You just realized you have a boyfriend, didn’t you?”
“Supervisor. You’d still be on the floor, of course, but you’d have more people under you, more responsibilities.”
my kid.”
The radio crackles from the floor. A panicked voice comes through.
Dean kisses him again, squeezes his sides. “I just love you so much.”
After a pause, Castiel mumbled, “He
He’s human now, and he’s still taking time to adjust. Sam and Dean insisted that he stay at the bunker and take care of himself for a while, but that would make him feel less like himself than he already does without his grace.
“Where’s Cas?” Dean asks in the general direction of everyone as he and his mom come in through the garage. He sneezes and pulls allergy medicine out of his back pocket.
Dean sticks his head into the room and gestures for Sam to come out to the hallway.
Sam nodded and gave Cas a tightlipped smile before turning back to Dean. “Well, uh, I was just checking on you because I saw your car here. I was gonna ask if you wanted to go for a run with me before I have to go back to work, but you’re busy, so—”
“Buy your own damn creamer, Dean,” Sam complained as Dean walked right past him and set his travel mug on the kitchen counter.
“What makes you think that?” Dean replies.
“No,” Cas interrupted.
“Alright, I look forward to it.”
He knows where they are all the time. It’s weird, because he doesn’t always show up when they pray or even when they call, but these random moments when they’re not doing anything at all? He’s right there. It’s driving Dean batshit crazy.
“You do, though. You lie about dumb shit all the time just to present yourself in a certain way to people, and then you get so used to lying that it makes it easy to lie about big stuff, too. It’s actually wild that you’re just now facing consequences for your actions.”
They didn’t make it back to the bunker before finding another hunt, a salt-and-burn near a national park. They stayed in Jackson Hole and spent their nights at the bar, where the bartenders were all the same carbon copy of young, skinny, blonde, beautiful, and Dean ached. He itched.
“C’mon, don’t make excuses, he was a total
“I still don’t know where my mother is, if that’s why you’re calling,” Crowley says impatiently.
“I have to pretend to
“What is it, Cas? Talk to me,” Dean says softly.
Dean huffs an affectionate laugh and carefully shimmies out from under Cas’ arm. Before he leaves, he watches Cas for a moment and has the ridiculous urge to put a blanket over him. He resists it.
“I...I didn’t,” she says. “But he’s your family. Why would you be upset about having a family member return to you?”
He feels his heart beating all the way up to his ears, like it does every time it gets too close to the edge of that cliff. At the time Cas pressed his fingers to Dean’s forehead, it was only around 9 or 10 p.m. It’s impossible to know when Cas fell asleep, but Dean can’t imagine he would’ve been searching around in his brain for longer than a few minutes. Which means they slept completely still next to each other for several hours.
Dean shakes his head, then rolls his eyes and groans as he hoists himself up from the floor. He puts his gun back in his waistband and tells Sam that he’s going to make sandwiches for lunch.
“Done,” Sam says. “Is that it?”
Jody went out to her car at one point and came back in holding something behind her back. She said, “Mildred bought you something.”
“OK, so, one more time. Why are you doing this?”
Sam’s eyebrows went up to his hairline. “He brought a book with him on your very first Thursday?”
Bobby hollered from the bathroom, so Dean pocketed his phone and quickly grabbed some clothes.
He hits the trigger just as the nose of the shark is within an arm’s reach. Oxygen blows out in a steady stream of bubbles, and somehow that’s good enough to get the shark to swim away.
Finally, he asks.
There seems to be no change in Dean and Cas’ behavior after several weeks of this, and Sam grows increasingly more impatient until he finally decides to just confront them about it. He even admits to giving them “private time” and hoping for the best.
Maybe he should go ahead and close his...
After Sam and Eileen left, Dean turned to his side in Cas’ arms. They lay together quietly for a while, Cas’ hand moving in a gentle rhythm against Dean’s arm while Dean drifted.
She puts a hand out and stops him in his tracks. “I see things now. This is what’s calling to me. My brother has let this world die,” she says, her voice imbued with rage. “I’m going to fix it. I can fix it. I can fix it.”
One thing Cas definitely didn’t expect was to be disappointed. Sam and Dean’s reputation among supernatural beings is not to be taken lightly, but so far Cas has been unimpressed.
“Ah,” Crowley says, looking up at the sky. “Here it is.”
Sam sighed. “Well, yeah. But we’re both planning on being professors one day, so I think we’ll be alright. We’ve been saving for this, too.”
He didn’t even get to use the dildo. Came early all over his hand.
“Dean, maybe we should—”
Rowena, do something!”
Arguments died in Dean’s throat. He watched Cas leave.
Dean chokes on his coffee. “Yeah, we’re, uh, working on it.”
They sat across from each other at the kitchen table and Dean didn’t answer right away, choosing instead to shove half a burger into his mouth.
Cas stops and turns, his eyebrows knit together.
“Yeah.” Sam pulls into a shopping center and parks the car. He unbuckles his seatbelt and turns his whole body toward Dean. “Look, I’m glad you’re being honest with me about...you know, about the fact that you can’t be objective about Amara. Actually, you were pretty honest about it from the start, so.” Sam shakes his head like he’s impressed. “But Dean, don’t you think she could be, um, doing something to you? Making you incapable of killing her would be a pretty sweet deal for her.”
Sam and Eileen laugh harder.
“Why would they do that?” Dean asks.
“Anyway, can I stay here tonight?” Claire asks during a lull in the conversation.
“Do you guys even like each other?” Jody interrupts.
Benny showed up with pizza and beer and an apologetic demeanor.
In the early morning hours, Amara wakes up wailing and Dean sleepily goes to her. He holds her up against his chest and paces around her room in an attempt to get her to go back to sleep. Once she seems calm enough, he carries her back to his own room and lies down with her pressed to his chest.
Fury flashes across John’s face. When Dean doesn’t react, the fury changes to fear. He lets Dean go.
Cas doesn’t look up from the book he’s reading. “It’s terrible. Do you have any other stupid questions?”
He tucks the cassette into the inner pocket of his coat and pats it once to feel the solid weight against his chest.
“Good morning,” Castiel grumbled, pouring himself a bowl of cereal. “No, I haven’t.”
“Because you’re – you’re – never mind.” Sam slams the door behind him before they can say anything else.
“Well, yeah, but also because you’re still growing and learning. I don’t know exactly how your development works, but I do know that you had to learn all the things babies learn, which means you have to learn all the things teenagers learn and then all the things adults learn. Please. Just give me some time, OK?” Dean looks down at his hands. “I’m, uh, struggling with how fast you’re growing up. I can’t...I don’t wanna deal with it yet.”
