"Maybe it's better like this. Makes it easier.", he then mumbled and
(See the end of the chapter for
"It's nothing. It isn't even bleeding anymore.", he commented as Bucky applied a new bandaid.
"James?", Peter called out, turning towards the door.
"Oh, you mean these?", he asked and shot a small amount of his webs against the console of the car with a flick of his wrist.
"Peter you don't have to do this-", he started to argue but Peter's eyes shot back to him and silenced Wade.
Peter closed his eyes again, or he didn't, maybe they closed on their own but he couldn't see the stranger anymore. He could still hear him. "Shit, kid! I need you to stay awake, okay? We're almost there. Pull through, okay?"
But what about the gun? Would Gwen really kill herself as soon as Peter misbehaved. He had trouble imagining it. Not because he thought that HYDRA valued her in any way, shape or form. Just because it was a bonkers plan. If she just killed herself as soon as Peter missbehaved then they'd lose both of them because Gwen was the only reason Peter wasn't at home right now. The leverage made more sense once they actually reached wherever Keipon was waiting for them, because then Peter would be on sight.
"Like you, dad.", Peter breathed out, finally looking at Tony and Tony was convinced that for a moment his heart stopped beating.  "Is it...Is it okay if I call you that?", Peter asked and he sounded so fucking scared.
"I'm stressing you out.", Peter stated, it wasn't a question.
"I don't have a dad.",he only said.
A warning for a lot of blood and violence in this one.
"Peter!"
"Why would he deserve that?", she asked, glancing up at Wade.
"No. What you're saying is that I should be suspicious of my best friend because she's behaving a bit weird! We were raised by fucking Nazis! In case you didn't realize, neither of us are particularly well adjusted people!", Peter snapped at him. And he was angry,
She knew that it was a low blow, bringing up Steve and Tony's biggest fight ever, but once Natasha started to crack it wasn't long before it all burst out. "What's different now. That he's your son?!", she snapped and Tony took a step back, silent. "Seven agents died that day! He almost killed all of us!"
Peter was okay according to Bucky. Or not okay. That would've been unrealistic. But he was managing. And in the pictures Bucky sent... Peter looked better and better the longer they were away. Healthier, if not necessarily happy. Tony tried to not be selfish, he was glad that his son was getting better, even if he couldn't be a part of his recovery for now.
each other. ", Bucky explained in a rush. To his dismay Peter looked even more confused.
Things were worse now. Nothing made sense anymore and everything hurt. Peter was on the wall or was he on the bed? It was difficult to keep up with up and down like this. His eyes drifted around the room. Wade was there, he was hanging from the ceiling, no, Peter was. He looked down. The bed was underneath him.
"Accept the freaking compliment. ", he said with that cheeky fucking smile of his that was killing Wade and goddamn, now he got him to smile as well.
"Like what?", Tony asked, pulling his eyebrows together.
A short one for today but I still hope you enjoy it and leave a review!
"Okay, Deadpool. You aren't getting anything until we made a DNA test, its standard procedure, so if you'd follow me to the lab...", the Fake-Peter went completely rigid, his too-big brown eyes shooting towards Deadpool with panic.
"Peter that's not true, we love you-", Tony started. His voice wavered slightly but he still kept it together, he kept the determination in.
Maybe, just maybe Peter would stay, if Wade asked, or maybe he'd take Wade with him. But it wouldn't be what Peter wanted. He'd just do it because he felt like he owed Wade something. And as much as Wade wanted Peter in his life, he didn't want to be a burden in his, an inconvenience. He'd just take advantage of Peter's vulnerable state and that would make him an even worse person than he already was.
"Uhh, Spidey, you gonna be a Cali Girl.", Wade chuckled.
"I try to.", he replied honestly, because he did. Peter wanted to be okay, so badly. Nothing seemed to work, though. "Sometimes I feel like Bucky doesn't believe it either. Not fully, not always. Some days it feels like he's just reciting lines, things he should be saying.", Peter confessed.
"how about you put your apology-"
As if the universe decided that it would hear Peter out for once, a familiar voice suddenly spoke up. "You look like you're having a crisis."
That morning he did the same and Peter got up without hesitation, always ready to take orders, taking his plate with him to put it into the dishwasher.
It wasn't phrased as a question, Peter still nodded. "You could say that."
"You most definitely will. In fact once your finished we could go out, stop by at his place?", Peter suggested.
"We didn't sent her away, Peter. She left. She chose this.", Tony finally confessed and something in Peter cracked. Funny, he thought all of him had already been broken.
Gwen looked down at him, still pained, still guilt ridden. She was reluctant but Peter could tell that she was slowly giving in.
"Let me ask you, Gwen, did you bring your personal HYDRA file?", Tony then asked, looking towards the girl.
"Oh it wasn't?",Peter asked and he didn't mean to sound so bitter. Until now he hadn't even noticed that he was bitter at all. But apparently he was. Bitter and a little pissed off.
"Staying here means giving up, staying here means game over.  I just want him to have a second shot. Just one more shot. ", he explained and he didn't bother to hide how desperate he was.
"Yes, you did! You can bring him back, so why the fuck won't you?! ", he asked, pushing her away from him.
"He might not like the idea of it but the sooner he starts the better.", Wade nodded.
"Since when are we getting clingy, kid?", Tony smirked but there was such fondness in his tone, it made something in Peter ache.
It was good to see them both so happy. It made Tony feel like maybe everything would work out.
It didn't matter that he lost his balance and send them both falling to the floor. It didn't matter that they hadn't seen each other in months. And it didn't matter that moments before he had flinched away from her touch.
It was more of a feeling, a pit in his stomach. It felt like Peter was desperately clawing for control while losing more and more of it, like he was stirring into a direction that Tony couldn't follow and that time was running out. They had already missed so much and now it felt like the timer was counting to zero. What would happen when it reached its end? Tony didn't know but he was sure that it wouldn't be pretty. That's why he rushed into suggesting therapy instead of waiting a bit longer. His son was unraveling in front of him and he had to do something about it now, not
"I don't really need anything, do I?", Peter shrugged.
"Stop looking so smug.", he snapped, giving Steve more bullshit.
"I don't want to overwhelm you.", Wade hushed, afraid to break the moment, for whatever it was, it was fragile.
"Look at that, your heart is racing, are you afraid Pete?", he asked, getting so close that Peter could feel his breath on his skin. His eyes were burning, tears threatening to spill, he wanted to curl up and let the world disappear.
At some point it didn't even sound like he was still talking to them. His yelling turned into rambling, he started to pace frantically, burying his hands in his hair and pulling at it. Then he suddenly came to a halt and glared at them again."SO STOP LYING TO ME!", he wailed, more and more tears running down his face. It was an awful sight, it felt a little like cradling Vanessa's dead body. With the difference that Peter was still alive. But he was unravelling in front of them, coming completely undone and there was nothing Wade could do to help. He couldn't hold Peter, he couldn't comfort him, all he could do was watch. Wade felt absolutely useless, because he was.
Yada, yada, you know the drill, you read this already.
"Walk where?"
that wasn't really an option. He couldn't just leave the kid for dead.
"Of course,  I put it there for you.", Wade agreed, still not facing Peter. "Wait, I'll get you fresh clothes while you dry off.", he then announced before leaving the room, letting Peter have the privacy to step out of the bath and dry himself off.
That was a continuous issue for him. Peter could remember stuff like playing with toys, watching Disney movies, getting tucked into bed. He just didn't remember where he got those memories.
purpose. He had no right to feel... whatever it was that he was feeling. Kinda empty, emptier than usual.
Apparently Peter took Wade's joke seriously because he straightened up and let go of his legs, crossing them instead. The tension was still there but more subtle now. Wade could see it in the way Peter clenched and unclenched his fists around the fabric of his sweatpants. His voice was steadier when he spoke, looking at Steve and Tony this time.
He closed the door behind him and Peter started to sob more freely now. He did that for a while,  he didn't keep track of the time. Peter curled up on the floor and cried his heart out until his voice was completely hoarse. Only then he managed to pick himself up.
"FRIDAY, where is Peter right now?", Tony asked his AI.
Tony simply waved him off, though. "Nah, you don't. You're not supposed to make things easy for me.", he said. "How are you doing, how were you doing, before I called.", Tony asked next. Things were going surprisingly well in this conversation so Peter decided to keep it going.
Peter describes how the the withdrawal feels to him. He craves the drugs and tries to convince Wade to get them for him. Wade rejects him and Peter freaks out before losing time. Once he's conscious again he thinks about killing himself before moving to the bathroom where he uses a pair of scissors to harm himself. Wade comes in before Peter can finish and takes the scissors from him. Peter passes out.
. He looked down towards the ground first but there was no sign of Peter. Then, almost as if he had known all along, he looked up and there he was, sitting on the rooftop, his legs dangling over the edge, his expression as blank as ever.
"What?" Wade wasn't sure who asked, they sounded worried. No point in worrying, it was too late anyways.
"So you can bring him back?", he asked.
"Wade-?", the body, no, Peter asked and relief washed over Wade but only for a second.  The closer he got the worse Peter looked, it didn't help that Gwen was sobbing uncontrollably. Wade fell to his knees by Peter's side.
It didn't matter. He was leaving tomorrow. Peter felt relieved and devastated at the same time.
"Yeah.", he answered honestly.
He attempted another smile before turning away and making his way back to their room. The closer he got to the room the more the dread settled back in. Logically he knew that Bucky probably wouldn't be too hard on him, but Peter wasn't a very logical person. When he stepped into the room Bucky was sitting on his bed, scrolling through his phone, he had taken off his hoodie. Bucky rarely wore his arm on open display. Peter had seen it a couple of times but this was the first time he saw where the metal connected to his skin. The scarring was horrific, Peter tried to not let his eyes linger. "I'm sorry...", he mumbled and Bucky looked up.
The stranger was male, not quite as tall as Peter but definitely older. His clothes were old and ripped and he stank. His voice sounded frantic and crazed and the gun was shaking in his hands. "I said put the money in the bag!", he yelled, turning around to point the gun back at Karen who had a duffle in her hands that she was filling with all the cash they had on hand.
"It isn't really the water, more the fear of someone drowning me... But I didn't want to make you uncomfortable by watching you swim. ", he mumbled, lowering his hands. To his surprise MJ didn't look as horrified anymore. There was actually the faintest trace of a smile on her lips.
"I don't want to hear it.", he stated and Tony shut up. "I'll come back.", he then promised and at least he didn't sound completely empty.
It would've been smarter to not tell Peter about his feelings. It would've been smarter to keep it all on the down low and reject Peter. Sure, he might been heartbroken for a while, he might've even distanced himself from Wade but eventually he would get over it and have the chance to fall in love again. This way he was trapping Peter in an uncertain, shitty, maybe-maybe-not-relationship. Wade was aware that he was being selfish, he still would rather have it this way.
"Please, I can't- you can't just take away everyone I love and expect me to live on. You cave just take good people that suffered all their life and then kill them! That's not good story telling!"
"I'd never dream of it Peter!", Tony exclaimed, feigning shock before flashing a grin as well. "But is it working?"
Peter had never seen Vanessa, only ever heard of her and Wade didn't talk much about her. All that Peter knew was that Wade loved her very much and that she got caught up in a cross fire that killed her. It was difficult to believe that she was dead when he saw her like this. She looked alive, vibrant, gorgeous.
And Wade...he was the hideous pathetic fuck-up that somehow wormed his way into Peter's life. Things didn't look good for Wade.
He wished they'd just leave him alone to deal with it himself, or rather he wished that they wouldn't notice it at all. Peter didn't dare to ask, though. Asking was still hard, next to impossible.
But until then we still got SEVEREAL (idk how many yet) chapters with more fluff. Yeay!
Getting used to something nice is never a good idea. He learned that the hard way. Golden hair came to mind, blue eyes, a cheeky smile. Peter's chest grew tight with the memories of her. He pushed them away. He made the mistake of getting attached once already, never again.
The boy turned another page and his smile faded once more. "I don't remember half the things that are written in here. I knew that they wiped me, didn't know how much they really took from me."
"Wait here.", he hissed before rushing out of the kitchen, Steve close behind him. "What is she doing here? Did she say anything when you last saw her?", Tony asked as they hurried to the entrance of the mansion.
"No, stop. Stop making fun of it, if it bothers you you need to talk to him. I haven't had a relationship thus far but movies taught me that communication is everything. ", she argued and of course Peter knew they she was right, he had seen movies, he knew how this was supposed to work. He was supposed to open up or else a bunch of misunderstandings would drive a wedge between Wade and him. That was easier said than done, though.
"I think he's just asleep... he doesn't sleep a lot.", Deadpool replied, carefully lifting the boy up and then laying him on his back onto the stretcher. The stranger sounded genuinely worried and Steve didn't know what to believe anymore.
She went back over to Karen who wrapped her armd around her foster daughter. Peter helped Bucky load their stuff into the trunk of the car before making his way over to the passenger side.
Okay... So first of all, sorry for falling off the face of the earth. I kinda hit a writing block with this story but I never planned on giving up on it. I just needed a little time away to work on some other things. If there is any criminal minds fans here, I started writing 2 criminal minds fanfics in the meantime. But I'm back! And I definitely still have a lot planned for Peter, Wade and the rest!
"Tony,  this doesn't have to mean anything, he could still be-", Tony didn't really listen, his mind was constantly fizzling out, jumping from thought to thought. Frantic and uncontrollable.
"I thought you were dead- they told me that they-", Gwen stammered, her breath starting to hitch as she started to cry as well.
"Peter?", someone asked.
"'Cause you seemed tired as fuck yesterday. ", Peter replied.
"What if she hates me?", he then asked and Tony groaned.
Besides, he found it motivating to imagine a time when Tony and Steve and, to some extent, Wade didn't look at him like this anymore. Like this bridle thing, this fragile construct of pain, fear and trauma.
"Alright, Peter, I'll see you around.", she repeated before turning away to leave. Peter realized that he didn't even know her name and stopped her.
"I've heard. So what's your relationship with... her? Is it a she?"
"Ahh yes, I used to read the story to my sisters. It's pretty good, and the movie is supposed to be amazing."
The inside of the motel looked familiar but only because all motels sort of did. Old wallpaper, couches with washed out patterns and a big scratched up wooden desk at the reception. A woman stood behind the counter, scrolling through something on her computer. She was tiny, maybe 5 feet, and as wide as she was tall. Her black hair already had strands of grey but her face looked somehow ageless and kind as she smiled at them. Her name tag said Karen Watson.
This went down in a matter of seconds and only after that, when he had retreated into one corner of the ceiling he allowed himself to breath and observe the situation.
Peter didn't know if Wade loved him.
"So you don't shower." It wasn't phrased as a question. More like a sarcastic statement.
"Sounds promising.", Wade mumbled.
"Oh God, oh God, I'm losing my mind...", Peter whispered, his breathing picked up. Great, he was having a panic attack. "You are dead, you have a bullet in your head, you-", he stilled, his bottom lip trembled slightly. "Am I dead?"
"What happened?", Wade suddenly asked and as good as it felt to talk about Gwen a few moment ago, Peter couldn't talk about this, couldn't even think of it without his mind spiralling out of control. He wasn't sure if he'd ever be able to talk about it, but especially not now, in the toilet paper isle of some random shop.
He didn't react to Wade's resurrection, in fact it didn't even seem like he noticed it. His big bloodshot eyes were staring at nothing, looking far far away and his hands were shaking slightly but mostly he just looked empty.
"You don't need to apologize... Why did you get in the water if you were actually scared of it.", MJ stammered, her tone uncertain. She was probably waiting for him to lose it again.
He always knew that.
Gwen was back in his arms and Peter was okay. Everything would be okay.
"Peter, please..."
He was a lot steadier on his feet by now which was good. Still looked like a corpse, though. He also looked tired, maybe he just wasn't used to this much activity but once they got back into the car Peter leaned his head against the window, his eyes half closed, his breathing slowing down. "Okay, let's get a motel room then.", Wade suggested, as he drove.
Are y'all ready for the Peter/Tony reunion next chapter?! Because I fucking am!
"He's really strong.", Steve clarified as if Wade wasn't aware of that.
"I love you, too. ", Wade returned and he was happy. Even though Peter was still in danger. Even though they might never have a normal relationship. Even though in a few hours Wade would get tormented by Death again. Even though he still didn't know how Peter's death had effected him. Wade was happy and he could tell that in that moment, Peter was, too.
"Yeah, sure. ", Peter shrugged. He couldn't bring himself to fake enthusiasm right now. Wade didn't notice the dead look in Peter's eyes or maybe he just pretended that he didn't.
"I know, I'll call.", he promised for the donzenth time. And off he was to his very first maybe-date.
, Wade was a lost fucking cause.
The eyes really struck him. In the dark room they were like two black holes, huge, threatening, sucking in all of the light. He had a glare like a wolf, like something feral but it also seemed haunted, wounded, hurt but trying to conceal it.
"That sounds fake but okay...", he then said to which Wade let out a smirk.
"I- sorry, I didn't mean it like that, it's just something I saw in movies-",  he stuttered before coming up with another idea. "How about I pay for the tickets and you pay for the food. It'll be expensive, I promise, I eat a lot.", he suggested.
"Steve, what is going on?", Bruce whispered, his tone alarmed, they were waiting for the results.
turned out to be the most difficult trigger words to get rid off.
"Can we make it quick?", he asked, his tone so exhausted and resigned that Steve felt like he was doing something horrible to him, even though he didn't know why.
"Okay...", Peter said but Wade wasn't sure how much he actually believed him. He didn't take his arm back, though and Wade couldn't tell if that was a good or a bad sign. His eyes landed back on the bandage and he figured he might as well ask now.
The door to the cell slid open and one the guard stepped in to removed the tracker around the girls neck. Peter held onto her hand the entire time and didn't let go of it once they stepped out of the cell.
"This is awful...! Who enjoys that?!", he exclaimed after he finally stopped coughing, his throat felt raw and and weird.
Bucky carefully put down the book and took note of how the eyes tracked his every move. "Good Mornig, kid, you with me?", he asked carefully. The boy didn't reply, he didn't move, Bucky wasn't even sure if he was breathing. He just looked so fucking scared.
Peter picked it up obediently and a few minutes later the boy was busy reading some article. Wade kept eyeing him every once in a while.
"No, I heard you. Just... why would you say that?", Wade asked and he couldn't hide the crack in his voice. Peter glanced over at him, finally. Wade searched his face for something. Any semblance of an emotion, anything that reminded Wade of Peter. He came up empty.
"They're coming for me.",he stated, looking up at Gwen.
He also said yes to letting MJ paint there when she came over to visit.
It was like an explosion. Like the big bang but instead of creating the universe it only burned and burned until whatever was left was nothing but ashes. Everything turned sharp and clear and
Peter placed his bare feet in the water first before lowering them until the bottoms of his sweats got soaked. It didn't help that the water was pretty cold, not freezing but cold enough to make Peter shiver. Still, he clenched his teeth and pushed himself off the edge, sliding into the water until his feet  found the ground.
"I had a nightmare.", Peter suddenly said, surprising both him and MJ with that admission. He didn't know why he said it, or why he spoke to MJ at all. He tried to not question it too much. "The room felt too cramped." MJ didn't reply anything to that, she just continued floating near the edge, staring at him. "Why do you swim in the middle of the night?", Peter than heard himself ask.
"There's so many things that make sense now.", MJ mumbled as she watched Peter dig into his food. She was probably thinking back to their date and the ungodly amount of food he ordered.
"Oh please, compared to what I did to her I was barely hurt. ", he mumbled, crossing his arms over his chest and continuing to stare out the window. He knew that his behaviour was unreasonable. After all, Gwen would probably not meet with him if she hated him but being reasonable wasn't exactly one of Peter's strengths.
"Just as difficult. You know I'm not
But Bucky had been right. He couldn't storm SHIELD and steal Peter. Not on his own. Not if it doomed Peter to a life on the run. A life he might not be able to handle. He wanted Peter to bee happy, he didn't want him to be hunted for the rest of his shitty life.
"Don't worry, that won't be for long. You've returned home to your real family. I'm sure that it was nice playing house with your daddy but it's time to realize who you really are again.", Keipon told him before suddenly freezing.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter and leave a comment! They seriously motivate me like nothing else!
Peter nodded slowly before reaching behind his seat, picking up Wade's backpack and searching through it. He pulled a pink unicorn plushie out and gave Wade a questioning look. "Do I even wanna know?", he asked with a raised eyebrow.
He was strapped to a chair with... seatbelts. No reason to panic.
So Deadpool stayed. The only thing Tony was sure of was that he was insane, which didn't have to be a bad thing. At least he was considerate enough to leave Tony alone in the room with Peter. Last time he checked, Deadpool was standing in the hallway, talking to FRIDAY.
"Get back in line, Rogers.", Fury snapped back but their bickering was interrupted by Tony.
Peter glanced at his phone to check the time. He'd meet MJ on the parking lot in 15 minutes. "Alright, I think I should go now.", he announced and he hated how nervous he sounded. They were just watching a movie,  why was he so nervous?
Tony never stopped grieving his son and it would be a lie, if he claimed that it got easier. It didn't. He just got better at handling it.
The things that happened weren't necessarily Tony's and Wade' s fault  but I felt like it would've been a bit unrealistic if Peter was just immediately cool with them again. He needs time to heal and figure himself out and that's what we'll do now.
Now that Tony couldn't focus all his mind on his son anymore, he got back to the things that normally kept him afloat. His work, his relationship, his therapist. He worked on his suits again, got back to being Ironman, though he didn't work with the Avengers. He had retired from the team a couple years back anyways, and if there was a bigger threat he'd still jump in, but for now he didn't feel like dealing with their questions, so he let Steve handle them.
"Part of my mutation.", Deadpool replied.
"Yeah, sure you did, who'd you fall for, Black Widow?",Weasel smirked and Wade couldn't help but to gag. Black fucking Widow, his absolutely least favorite Avengers.
"I'm scheduled to talk to Fury in an hour. He can be reasoned with.", he then replied, his voice strained.
"Nah, you don't. I wouldn't want to corrupt your innocent mind!", Wade chuckled slightly.
"At least you're admitting it.", she pointed out, absolutely not helpful.
"Anything else?", Wade asked and to his own annoyance Tony knew exactly what the other man ment. They just couldn't afford to talk about it out loud because Peter might hear them.
Apparently he had a healing factor which ment that HYDRA had experimented on him, too. An awful fact that might safe his life. Bucky still set his bones straight, cleaned the wounds and wrapped them up with bandaids. The kid's healing would take care of the rest, now Bucky had to wait for him to wake up.
That's how the video ended and Peter knew that Gwen ment it, that she was genuine, it didn't make it hurt any less.
"Nothing out of the ordinary. Everyone was questioning where you were, though. You know how nosy Nat can be. She probably didn't like to be excluded from a secret. ", Steve shrugged and then they were already in the foyer.
"Because I'm fine. And Peter is...", he seemed to struggle to find the words for a moment. "...I know it doesn't always look like it but Peter is a fighter. He wants to live, I know it. He can get there. It will be hard but he can get there." Bucky didn't sounds doubtful at all, he said those things like they were fact and Wade envied him for a moment.
He still didn't stop , though. Even when Steve begged him to. Steve held Tony's face in his hands and Tony looked up into those big baby-blues. He was searching for the comfort he usually found in them, the safety. But he had no capacity for that anymore, it was just void.
Tony raised his eyebrows in surprise but didn't move otherwise. Peter was glad that he didn't approach him, didn't get closer, if anyone did that right now he wasn't sure how he'd react.
Tony glance down before reaching out with his arm. He stopped, though and Peter realized that Tony was asking for permission to touch him. He nodded and Tony carefully laid his arm around Peter's shoulder. It didn't feel as suffocating as Peter had imagined. It was actually sort of nice. "You can't blame yourself for what you did to the girl-", Tony started but Peter interrupted him.
"Yeah, sure. I can see that.", Wade returned, looking at Peter's bloody arms and hands. Peter followed his line of sight and lifted his arms, looking at them like he only noticed his shredded skin now. If he did, he didn't seem fazed by it. Not a good sign.
Wade raised his hand as if he was asking for permission to speak. "I can take them but we'd need daddy's credit card.", he then announced with a playful smile.
After they arrived at their mansion Peter just stood around staring at nothing until Tony instructed
"On purpose. That's the catch. He might be harmless in the right environment but he has the same training as Barnes. He's a loose cannon and I simply can't let you risk the safety of innocent people for his sake."
"It was stupid... I'm sorry... Forget that I said anything...", he whimpered, his whole body trembling like he would come apart any second.
"Fuck it... What do I need dignity for anyways...", he mumbled under his breath before biting his lip. Then:"I need you."
"You would be great in a horror movie, you know. Like the exorcist. I bet they'd love to have someone who can crawl along the ceiling. It's your calling.", MJ suggested with a grin.
It was dark, he couldn't breathe. Someone called out his name. Peter thought that it was Wade. But then he wasn't so sure anymore. Wasn't he with SHIELD? Had this been before or after?
Bucky worked in silence for a while just snipping away at Peter's hair. Peter was surprised that he didn't feel uncomfortable at all. He had grown more and more relaxed around Bucky in the past weeks, regaining a bit of that trust that they had lost. Maybe that comfort and trust moved Peter to ask his next question.
This way it took them a while to get to Wade's apartment in a much more run down area of Manhattan.
"It's almost like he's clinging to them.", Lorenz once said offhandadly. Wade once again wondered if the words had specific meanings. He told himself he'd ask Peter once he was back...if Peter was still willing to speak to him.
Say hi, talk to me about literally anything.
Immediately he realized that this had been a mistake. He was able to stand with his head above water but he still felt like he was drowning, like every moment, someone would grab a hold of him and shove his head under water. "Fuck...Fuck, fuck, fuck...", he whispered, gasping for air that wouldn't come.
They buried an empty casket. Peter Stark was dead and for a while, Tony was too. Life continued though, the earth kept on spinning and it wouldn't wait on Tony. He was well accustomed to loss, he knew how to pull himself out of sorrow, even if it always stayed with him.
"Wait a minute, Mr Tinman. I made a promise to Peter, that I wouldn't leave until he was ready and passing out doesn't scream 'I'm fine, please leave me with a bunch of people I don't know.'", Deadpool announced and Tony felt sudden rage boil up inside his gut.
"We're on the run and you're bored?", Wade chuckled. They stopped next to the cereal isle, Wade picked out a box of Lucky charms.
"I need a break, I'm sorry." The words echoed in Bucky's mind when he looked at Peter, really looked at him. At his gaunt face, at the bags under his eyes and the exhausted look in them, that only came with years of horror and could never be helped with sleep.
"You gotta sing me one of these songs, baby boy.", Wade smirked but it wasn't quite as sharp as usually. Peter wished that he could see his face, get a better idea of what Wade was thinking.
It was already dark once they arrived and Peter's eyes fell on the red neon sign above the motel, flashing it's name to anyone who passed it. Bucky parked the car and they both got out, only taking a backpack each, leaving their other stuff in the trunk.
It happened at night.
"Take all the time you need, kid.", Tony smiled and Peter returned it sheepishly before slowly continuing his walk.
2 things he could smell. His sweat, the lingering smell of cigarette smoke on his fingers.
"Never.", Bucky replied before pulling out a chair and sitting down near Peter's bed. "How are you feeling.", he then asked.
"Just tell him, okay? Tell him that I love him, and that I'm sorry that I never said it back- tell him- tell him I'm glad that he's my father-", his voice cracked, he seemed to gasp for air that wouldn't come, choking on his own blood.
"He's 19.", Tony stated. "He's not a kid in the eyes of the law."
"Okay. No touching.", MJ nodded swimming a few feet away from the edge of the pool to make room for Peter.
"Pete-",Tony started, his tone patient and careful. Peter flinched as if he'd been hit.
"Then I'll have to get on that at some point.", she replied. "Are you staying here for long?"
"You don't have to. I'm okay now, I'll just disappear, go somewhere I can't bother anyone, it'll be safer that way. It'll be better for everyone." Worry bubbled up in Bucky. This was going south real quick.
He was cold now, too. His body was heavy, like someone filled him up with lead and he felt like he couldn't even lift his eyelids. That's why it took a second for his senses to tune in again. It was like a  reboot everytime, it took a moment but then it all came back. Panic shook through his core, all his body hair raised up and his eyes snapped wide open.
There was something about just
Peter smirked before his eyes wandered to the window, looking outside. "You should. You might reconsider..." The boy let out a sigh before locking eyes with Tony again. "Look, I get that you feel responsible but you don't know me, you don't- you don't know what you're getting into... with me."
Once they were both finished Peter looked from Bucky to Tony. "Can we... can we go?", he asked.
"You're Bucky Barnes.", she stated. Bucky's arm was truly the most recognisable part of him when he wasn't in his Winter Soldier getup.
Peter fell asleep a few hours after sun set. Wade was honestly surprised that he managed to do that. He'd been so incredibly tense all day that any form of relaxation seemed unlikely.
Maybe they were injured and needed help, maybe someone dumped a body. When he first saw the man, he assumed that it was the latter. Bucky was certain that he was staring at a corpse, just judging by all the blood that came from countless wounds all over the body. One of his legs was twisted in an unnatural angle and one of his arm seemed to be broken, too.
"Get out of my house and don't you dare speak to my son ever again!", he hissed, his voice dripping with venom.
"And you!", she turned to Tony and he actually seemed to be startled by her outbreak. "You are a fucking hypocrite! You were on my side. You said we needed the truth! That we couldn't just trust him!"
"I don't like people watching me. I feel exposed.", MJ replied after a beat of silence and Peter immediately started to get up.
Peter hadn't even realized how much he had missed MJ until she stood before him. They had texted a lot since Peter left to go home. He had mostly caught her up on who he was and what was going on in his life in that time but they hadn't seen each other at all. Now she was in a room with him again and Peter felt alive. Something Peter was having trouble with these days.
"Fuck you, where is Peter?", he snapped and Death rolled with her eyes.
Peter tried to tell himself until he believed it. He wouldn't let this be forever. A promise to himself. Peter took his phone out and snapped a picture of the night sky.
Peter led her to the room he had been staying at. It looked the same way it always did, sort of impersonal. "This is my room.", he commented as he closed the door.
Here's the thing, logically he knew that he looked different, healthier if not necessarily happier. He saw photos, he knew that he filled out a little and became less deathly pale. It was still a strange sight. His eyes still looked void, at least to Peter, he couldn't imagine them any other way. But those empty eyes weren't staring at him from some cadaverous looking face anymore. He looked...almost normal, almost okay.
That includes getting some agency up in this bitch so that he'll take care of himself but also get him to believe that he doesn't deserve pain. Have you got a therapist for him already?"
He was important to all of them, but he was Tony's son and Wade's... Bucky wasn't sure if Wade or Peter even knew what they were to each other. Once the blood was gone, Bucky and Steve returned to Peter's bedroom. It was still dark but the sun would rise soon. Peter's body looked incredibly small in the middle of his huge bed. Sometimes Bucky forgot that Peter was 19, practically an adult, he looked like a child. Bucky saw the boy he met at HYDRA, even smaller than he was now, colder, more empty. Tony and Wade sat at each side of the bed, both silenced by their pain. Bucky had wrapped Peter's wrist in a bandaid to stop him from bleeding everywhere but by now the bleeding had stopped. He'd wake up soon.
They called him back to get out the tracker in his mouth. They specifically set up everything they needed in the living room and the doctor, Bruce Banner, the grinch himself, even took off his lab coat to avoid triggering Peter.
The next words sent a chill down Steve's spine and for a second he felt like he was in the ice again.
saved him.
"You don't need to apologize.", Tony told him and Peter turned his head to look at Tony before patting the space beside him, offering Tony a seat. Once Tony sat down Peter returned his gaze to the horizon. He took a drag of his cigarette and released the smoke in silence. Tony wasn't a fan of Peter's smoking habits but of all the harmful things Peter could be doing to cope, this one was the least concerning, so he postponed that battle to another day.
"Why would she do that?", Peter asked and he didn't manage to stop his voice from cracking. He just couldn't comprehend how Gwen could leave with SHIELD. They'd destroy her.
All he knew was that the last time he saw her face to face was when they both thought that he'd die. The last time he heard her speak was three months ago through a video. Ever since then the only information he received about her state was through Natasha who he didn't trust at all but had to because Gwen had chosen to trust her for some unknown reason.
"You're unbelievable. ", Peter mumbled, turning away,  shaking his head.
"This is unreal...", Peter whispered, lost for words.
"I'm hopeful, it might take a long time but everyone has to die one day. We'll see him again. ", Vanessa said and she just sounded so sure of herself that it was easy to believe her.
"This is my pulse. I'm alive. Because you didn't break, not completely. You snapped out of it, you were stronger than them. ", He insisted.
Bucky froze. For a moment he didn't know what he was feeling or what he was supposed to feel. Two very different things. He felt like he should be angry, or disappointed, or defensive. For some reason he was worried. Not for himself. He knew what was in those books, every word a part of him. But it was disturbing. Bucky knew that it was silly, he knew that whatever happened to Kid, he'd been touched by HYDRA's horrors way before finding those books. Still, he didn't want to add to his trauma.
For the first 10 minutes or so they didn't even talk, Tony only let Peter take in his surroundings. The sun was beating down on them in a way Peter had never experienced before. All he knew was cold, he wanted to bathe in the sunlight, get devoured by it. He'd gladly burn if it ment never freezing again. The sound of the waves blocked out almost all other noise and the salty smell of the ocean was foreign. But the most intense feeling was the sand, he'd never walked on sand before. He wondered if it felt so intense to other people, too, tingly and prickly and hot, or if this were just his heightened senses. The water pooling around his ankles was a real relief for the sensation, cool and soothing.
Anyways, I hope you enjoyed this chapter! Please leave your thoughts in the comments, I absolutely love reading them!
Peter didn't stop. Not until they were only a few inches apart, not until Wade could feel Peter's breath on his face, almost so close that Wade could lean in and-
"I'm not like you. I'm flawless. They don't have to be close by to activate me", Gwen replied, the slightest trace of distaste in her tone. So they found a way. Not only to break down Gwen's mind but also do it in a more effective way.
"Peter, I know that you don't want me here-", Natasha started, maintaining a calm tone but Tony wasn't having it.
For the most part it worked fine, Peter got better at forcing himself to stay present, he couldn't afford to lose time. Whenever his thoughts got close to anything explosive or threatening, whenever his conscience threatened to tip over into disaster-town, he'd excuse himself and flee to the bathroom, work it out himself. The bathroom became his panic room. After a while he stopped keeping track of how often he curled up on the floor in there, digging his fingers into the tiles instead of digging them into his skin.
He tried to suppress his reactions to his dreams but that went catastrophically. Catastrophically as in, he bit off his own tongue during his sleep and screamed bloody murder until the other three residents of the house stormed into his room only to find him choking on his own blood and tongue.
MJ looked like she was about to say something else but then there was a hurried knock against the door and Tony asked from the other side:"Peter?"
I promise that we'll find out how our other boys are doing in the next one but I just wanted to focus on those two for a second.
Even though Peter looked like he just told Wade that he drowned baby's for fun, Wade's heart almost leapt out of his chest. At first he couldn't even comprehend the words.
"I think I'll sleep now, if that's okay.", Peter then said, laying his head against the window again. It was the middle of the day and super bright outside but Bucky got it.
Peter was only listening with one ear as he was going through the clothes he packed. Most were just black jeans, hoodies and shirts, a flannel or two, but there were two items that stuck out like a sore thumb.
"Can you put on some music?", Peter asked and he hated how distressed he sounded.
. And then there was Tony. Calm, still, just looking at him. "Then you don't have to. You don't need to rush this, you don't have to force yourself. We have all the time in the world."
"Who wouldn't leave their family for me? I'm a delight." It would've been funny, if the words hadn't dripped with sarcasm. If the expression on Peter's face weren't so cruel. Bucky needed a second to realize that Peter was smiling, not baring his teeth. There was something twisted and poisonous about it. It looked wrong.
ATTENTION, THIS IS A REUPLOAD, I SOMEHOW ACCIDENTALLY DELETED THIS CHAPTER! WHOOPS!
Most of the time they only stayed for a day or two when they reached a destination before leaving again. Sometimes they drove for days, only stopping to eat and sleep. Peter got used to sleeping in the car or dingy motels quickly, he wouldn't have it any other way.
"To be honest... so did I.", Peter said. "Before Bucky found me... I was sure that that was it. I was done. And it's not like I wanted to die but I... I looked up at the sky and it was all red and pink and gorgeous, I don't know. I didn't mind it so much in that moment. It wouldn't have been a bad end. I could've lived with that." He smirked at his own choice of words but it didn't take away from the gravity of them. Maybe it just added to it, to the sweet sweet bitterness that laced his voice, that was chiseled into every feature of his face, painted in his eyes. Beautifully ruined.
, horror
"Dr Keipon misses his good boy.", Gwen replied and Peter's blood ran cold.
"Trust me, baby boy. I'm doing you a favor. Nobody wanna see what's under the mask.", Wade shrugged and Peter only frowned before getting into the car again.
"Okay... let's get it over with...", Peter mumbled, hauling himself up and trotting into the bathroom. Wade didn't exaggerate when he mentioned a bubble bath, the large tub was overflowing with white, fluffy-looking foam and it smelled amazing, sweet and fruity, though he couldn't pinpoint what exactly it smelled like.
"Being a man out of time.", Peter replied, a teasing tone to his voice. It's a title Peter read in an article about Bucky and Steve. They both seemed so present and contemporary that it was difficult to imagine that they were both about a 100 years old.
"The painting? It shows McWay Fall. The waterfall everyone comes here for?", she repeated.
"Keipon.", Peter spoke, his voice barely above a whisper.
Still, he felt better, more energized, the little bit of food he managed to keep in still wasn't enough for his metabolism but at least he wasn't absolutely miserable. He still didn't try to run, though. There was no point, he just got back into the car and drove off with Wade.
Tony was sitting in the kitchen, his hands clenched around a cup of coffee while Steve was working in the background, making breakfast.
"You died.", Peter pointed out and Vanessa raised her eyebrows, a smirk on her lips.
"Can I go to the beach?",he asked, his voice much more timid than only minutes ago.
things were both too much, too fast.
. Like he had any choice, like it wasn't done to him, like it was his fault. "Natasha read it. And she told them all about me. About the programming I have, about what I did.", Peter's voice broke off for a second and he looked up at Bucky, his eyes haunted. "I killed my best friend, I ripped her apart on command. I'm a loaded gun and now they know.", he shrugged and Bucky could see how stricken with grief he was. Grief and selfloathing. "I even-", Peter let out a shaky agonizing laugh. "I even attacked them. After she told them, I just snapped. I'm dangerous, I don't trust myself and I can't expect them to do that. Besides, I can't take it, the way they'll look at me now that they know. And I can't go back to some fucking lab. I
"Nah, I think this is one of those vital parenting moments.", he said before turning around and making his way to the roof. As promised Peter was sitting up there, his feet dangling off the edge, a pair of sunglasses on his nose, a cigarette between his lips and a scowl on his face.
It took him several seconds but finally Peter dared to look up, locking eyes with Wade. They were blood shot and half hooded. "I don't believe you...", Peter choked out before his body slumped against Wade's. He passed out, again.
Wade couldn't argue with that logic. Like him, Death couldn't die, she wasn't alive. And he only ever met her on her territory, where she made the rules, he couldn't do anything to her. "Then I'll beg.", he said.
"I don't know, he was like this when he got here, there is definitely something wrong with him.", Steve replied, worry coiling in his stomach. He didn't know the kid and there was no chance that he was really Peter, but he clearly needed help.
"Of course, sorry.", Wade said and Peter relaxed slightly.
"Coward." He tried to sound teasing but it fell flat. Peter was sure that Bucky noticed because he put down the phone as quickly as he had pulled it up. On Peter's request he showed him the picture before sending it to Tony. Peter hadn't realty looked at himself in a while. The boy on the picture was a stranger. Tousled dark hair, pale skin, dark circles under his eyes, and dressed in black like a funeral. But something about the look in his eyes, the way he had cocked his head to one side. It didn't look like the devastad empty boy from the HYDRA file. He still looked hollow, but harsher, sharper. Peter wasn't sure if he liked it. "I look dead inside.", Peter pointed out, no specific tone to his voice.
Peter didn't move, didn't even make a sound as Bruce drilled into his tooth and pulled out a tiny tracker before closing up the hole.
"The accords give the government the right to detain Supers in case they are a danger to others, which Peter is... Furthermore they can hold him until he's either rehabilitated or if that isn't possible... indefinitely.", Tony explained and he just sounded so fucking tired.
"Why not?"
"I'll beg him on my knees to give me my son back.", there was no trace of humor in his voice but Wade still wasn't satisfied.
Peter didn't mean to take off. He actually didn't mean to do anything. He just lost time, operated on auto pilot. The last clear thing was the beach and Wade. He was okay then, he was being good. Why wasn't he anymore? Things got jumbled after that. They were in the kitchen, right? The Black Widow was there, even though she wasn't supposed to be. Tony started to yell, Steve, too. Peter wasn't sure if they were angry at him or not but the Widow had done something...
"Could you please not call me that?", he asked quietly.
Peter stopped. He hadn't really taken the time to consider how he was feeling, yet. Not with the initial panic of waking up alone and the closely followed wonder at their surroundings. But now, when he thought about it, he really did feel better. More rested, not as hollow and cold. He wasn't feeling good yet, Peter couldn't even imagine ever feeling truly good. But he wasn't quite as miserable as he had been a day ago.
"Morning, wonder twins!", Wade called out.  "Lady-Spidey, can I offer you some waffles? Or is that just a preference for our mutual friend?", he asked Gwen cheerfully.
Tony and Steve spun around at the sound of his voice. They looked pretty much the same as always, maybe a bit tired but that could be attributed to the time of day...or night. It was sort of eerie being here at this time. They were pretty much by themselves except for the security guards that were stationed everywhere.
As promised the living room was quite messy, with both weapons and pizza boxes spread around the whole room until it looked like the layer of an r-rated version of the teenage mutant ninja turtles. Peter didn't mind it, though. He spend so much time there that he had gotten used to Wade's chaos. Plus, it was nice to see what a space looked like when it was completely Wade's. His bedroom whenever he stayed with Peter's family had been pretty impersonal. This apartment screamed 'Wade'. The bulletholes in the walls, the record collection filled with Wham!, the Betty White poster on the wall anf the Voltron figurines on his coffee table. This place was Wade's and Peter loved it for that. That didn't mean that he wasn't bitter about Wade moving out.
I hope you enjoy it and leave a comment!
The mood was quite weird the next day. Peter had clearly tuned down the explosive angst but he also seemed more careful, silent, observant more than anything else.
"Okay...how about I run you a bath and then you can still decide if you want to do it?", Wade suggested. Peter gave him a shaky nod, not trusting in his ability to speak right now.
"Yeah.", Peter nodded before hugging MJ goodbye.
And fuck, Peter was so incredibly scared, of everything. After a couple of days Tony noticed that Peter didn't use the shower in his bathroom so he casually mentioned it. He wouldn't have, if he had known that just the suggestion would turn Peter into a trembling mess, his breath heavy and frantic.
After they bought the clothes they returned to the mansion. It was a quiet day after that. Quiet meaning that they didn't do a lot and that Gwen didn't say a lot. Lunch, movies, dinner, whatever they did, Gwen was absent, just sitting there, void.
"So dramatic. ", Keipon chuckled, letting go of Gwen. He returned his attention to Peter and approached him like a predator his prey. Then, once he was close enough he reached out for Peter's throat.
"Peter?"
Wade was just about to say something, probably something morbid yet amusing but then Peter sat up and looked at Wade. His brown eyes looked black in the low light and one of the corners of his mouth was still quirked up into a crooked smile, another tear rolled down his cheek. "Are you going to kill me?", he didn't sound scared, just curious, which wasn't good.
"Don't you have your own life to get back to?", Peter asked but there was no sharpness to his tone, it didn't sound like it was supposed to be an insult but Wade still wanted to be sure.
"Fuck,  you pack a punch baby boy...", the stranger smirked, at least it sounded like that, Peter couldn't see his face under the mask. His voice was deep and rough, intimidating. Peter could feel his strength drain out of him, exhaustion taking its place.
Wade understood that Peter was having a cathartic experience or whatever but that didn't make it any less worrying. He slowly sat down on the ground across from him and Peter tracked him with his eyes. "You okay, Spidey?", he asked concerned and Peter looked over at him, a wide smile on his face.
"Yeah, yeah I know, I just- I don't know. I just want him to feel safe." Tony tried to give Peter as much space as possible without feeling like he was avoiding him. It was hard to find the right balance in this, especially since his mere presence seemed to stress the boy out immensely.
"Peter has left the mansion. He took the Quinjet."
"Buckle up, baby boy, Imma teach you.", Wade laughed and Steve could see Peter crack a tiny smile as well before returning his attention to Tony.
"No. But- I'm scared that things will change, if I tell you. I know that it'll happen eventually but I- I need a breather, I need a break. I'm sorry." Peter wasn't looking at him as he spoke, his head lowered and now the fear had crept back in. Maybe it never really left, maybe Peter just managed to hide it. Now it was back and clear as day. Peter was afraid and Bucky wasn't sure of what. HYDRA? His past? Rejection? Or maybe it was the simple act of asking for something.
Peter could feel his eyes prickle again.
"You can take one.", Peter said, because he was trying to be better. Bucky seemed pleasantly surprised and he immediately opened the camera of his phone and pointed it towards Peter.
Ahh, it's 3 am where I live but I desperately wanted to update this because I'm so fucking thankful for all of your responses. THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!
"Know that feeling. I annoyed my handlers so much he threatened to sow my mouth shut. I'm telling you from experience, that would've been awful for the franchise!", Wade laughed, deep and genuine. "We used to make Bucketlists, me and this other guy they were keeping in hearing distance, of stuff we wanted to do when we got out. Just to amuse ourselves.", he then added and even though Peter couldn't see his face, he knew that Wade wasn't quite present anymore, thinking back to that time. "Got pretty depressing after a while, though. ", Wade finished before shaking his head slightly, maybe the voices were bothering him again.
Peter quickly switched from sorrow back to anger. Wade knew how easy it was to hide behind rage, he couldn't fault him for that, even if it made everything a lot harder. Peter wasn't rational when he was angry, then again, who was?
Okay, this one is super fucking dark (hello Peter's POV) and I'll warn you that there is a suicide attempt in this. I'll mark it with this ** so that you can skip it. If you'd rather not read this chapter I'll add a short summary in the end notes.
Tony told Steve up front that he'd never have children again. That he couldn't bear the fear of losing them, and if he did, he wouldn't survive it. Tony thought that would be enough to send Steve away. He already prepared himself for another loss. It didn't happen,  Steve stayed. Each time Tony pushed him away, not because he wanted Steve gone, just because he was trying to get to the inevitable pain quicker, Steve stayed.
He had two plates that were stacked with piles of waffles, Deadpool really went all out, and two mugs in hand. Water for Peter, hot chocolate with whipped cream for Wade.
"What- What would it take for you to give Peter back to me?", he asked, gently this time, slowly approaching her again.  "Come on, I'll do whatever you want, just- give him a second chance.", he asked, trying to get her to look into his eyes.
"Depends on how you'd land.", Wade said, looking down at the ground. They were 3 stories high." A head dive could work."
Suddenly Peter wasn't holding onto Wade anymore. It took him a second to register why that was. Why Wade was several feet away, pressed against the wall. He had pushed him away. Peter gasped for breath. He was relieved but only for a second, then he realized that his plan hadn't worked. "Peter... You don't really want this- you don't-", Wade stammered but Peter didn't hear him. All that Peter could think about was that he failed, failed, failed. Wade didn't want him. Of course he didn't, who would? He was
Wade 'woke up' at the doors to the afterlife, he didn't really recognize the place as much as the feeling. The afterlife looked different each time, Wade always looked and felt the same.
"Okay, this is a pointless, but you're almost up now, come on, we've got some bad guys to kill.", She said instead, getting to her feet and holding out a hand for Wade too.
When he noticed that he was actually breathing, he couldn't believe it for a second. But it was undeniable, this person was alive, even though they didn't look like they were supposed to be.
"You're an abomination. I crime against nature. I need you to remember that.", She'd say. "The dead shouldn't be alive."
It didn't work.
"Come on Nick!", Tony snapped.
This night she wore Peter's face. Wade didn't know which one he hated more, sleeping with his dead ex that he would never see again or cheating on his boyfriend with a copy of him while the real Peter couldn't bare to be touched in the ways that Death had Wade touch her.
In the end the water was lukewarm and Peter wasn't sure how long he spend in there. "Okay, I think I'll get out now.", he said before his eyes fell on a red towel that was hanging from the radiator close by. "Can I use that towel?", he asked.
Wade raised his eyebrows and was about to say something else when Tony's eyes suddenly moved past him and widened slightly.
That is until he got a text from an unknown number in the early hours of the next day. A picture of a night sky, littered with bright stars, more than Wade had ever seen before. Attached were two messages:
MJ sighed again and dropped her hands before looking up at Peter again. "I think I might be gay.", she said, almost sounding apologetic.
It took him an eternity to actually focus on his hair, Bucky did a good job of matching Peter's imagination. He didn't necessarily like it but he thought that that had to do with him and not the hair.
"Yes and no.", he finally said when Wade already suspected that he wouldn't get an answer. Peter dropped his hands and looked at Wade with an exhaustion that couldn't be cured with sleep. "Sometimes I don't notice that I'm doing it. When I'm stressed, which is always-", he dared to
"Peter?!", Wade yelled as he stormed into the room, the sight before him made him stop dead in his tracks, his heart sank.
"I'd rather not, Cap. I'm sorry but I'm too beautiful for mortal eyes. Also it's bad enough that Petey-Pie told you my real name, what do I even have a secret identity for?", Wade complained and Peter rolled with his eyes.
"Where'd you get the food?", Peter asked. He was pretty sure that it wasn't there before.
Wade reached out and placed a gentle hand on Peter's shoulder, or he tried to. Peter flinched away and Wade pulled his hand back immediately. "That. ", Peter breathed out, his voice shaky, eyes downcast. "Touch. I-I don't always- Can't stand it sometimes.", he stammered. He looked up, his eyes shooting from Tony to Wade and back. They were wide, frantic, terrified of their reaction.
Wade cursed quietly, trying to ignore the boxes, chanting in his head as he got out the car. Once he walked around it he just saw Peter on the ground, curled up, his long boney arms shielding his head, but he didn't try to run, he just trembled horribly while little whines escaped him.
"Ahh, almost forgot, enhanced healing and super fast metabolism. But the healing kinda fucks up if I don't eat or sleep enough for a long time.", he then added, his voice muffled by the food in his mouth.
"You feelin' better now?", Wade asked and Peter nodded shakily, not meeting Wade's eyes anymore.
"How do you know, then?", Peter asked.
"Nah, I don't want to do that to him.", He shrugged. He knew Peter would hate what Wade did. He'd feel responsible and guilty even if he wasn't. Wade also didn't know what Peter would do to himself if he found out and that scared Wade more than anything.
"Wait, wait, wait. Go back a sec, did you just say that Gwen,
Peter wasn't hopeful in nature, he wasn't optimistic. Optimism was a foolish trait when you grew up the way he did. A fatal character flaw that made life so much more unbearable. Things weren't good just because. Every rose had it's thorns and people were like that, too. Life was like that. Peter didn't expect good things, he never did. For a while he though that that would make it hurt less. He couldn't be disappointed if he didn't expect anything, right? That's not how it worked. He had been stripped of everything he cared about often enough to know that nothing really helped. Still, Peter didn't hope for anything. He didn't expect that he could just go home, that his father would still want him, he didn't expect forgiveness. Not when he could never forgive himself.
"A cult? Is that what we're calling HYDRA now?", he asked and Tony could hear that edge in his voice, that sharpness, like a warning.
There it was, the dam had broken, the floods were coming.
They went back to the Avengers Tower because it was closest and empty. The other's were back at the facility upstate and while they told them that Peter was safe, they also enjoyed the time alone.
Peter flinched ever so slightly and Tony didn't even know why, before faintly mumbling:"Yeah, sorry, I won't mention it again. " Steve gave Tony a helpless look when Peter proceeded to poke at his food, barely eating any of it. Tony could only return a shrug.
"Depressed, thought you're in love?", Weasel asked sarcastically.
The familiarity of these words almost brought tears to his eyes. Words that Peter had spoke that first night when they still barely knew each other.
"What?!", Bucky called out, rushing to Peter's side, already searching for the wound. "Where?"
"That was amazing.", Peter stated, glancing over at MJ.
"Vulnerable.", Tony corrected him. "One of us is staying. You can choose who you'd rather have around you but it's not up for debate." Wade hadn't seen Tony like this in days, determined, taking charge, it was a good look on him.
He could remember Wade fighting the Widow even though that didn't quite fit with the rest. It didn't make sense. Why would he attack her? And then, and then,
Peter was staring out the window when he mumbled:"Yeah, sure." The words were empty, disinterested, Wade's throat closed up before he could say anything else so he just left.
They were flying to Malibu, wherever that was. He did remember that. Without Wade.
"Peter's dead." Silence.
"Wade?", Domino's voice called. Wade wasn't sure how long she had been standing outside of his apartment, hammering against the door. He had woken up at some point but thus far he hadn't brought up the energy he needed to move. So he just stayed curled up in his bed, staring out the window as his body trembled. God, he was so exhausted.
Peter didn't reply anything to that. He continued to pack, mostly large hoodies and simple pants, all in dark colours, he avoided the colourful ones. Wade felt like making an emo-joke but he didn't think that Peter would appreciate it. "Peter,  I'm sorry.", Wade started. The guilt of it all had been eating him alive for days now. He finally couldn't hold it back anymore. But when the apology left his mouth Peter went rigid.
"Wade, you're panicking-", Bucky started,  trying to maintain a calm tone but Wade wasn't having it.
whatever you need.", he nodded shakily.
one week. But that didn't mean that whatever happened in this week wouldn't be detrimental to Peter's recovery. It didn't mean that they could just hang back and wait for him to return.
"That makes it worse, actually.", Peter replied bitterly, becaus it did. Gwen was in there, there was no doubt about it in Peter's mind. He couldn't bring her out, though. If he didn't come up with an escape plan of his own he'd either be made back into one of HYDRA's drones or he'd die. And Gwen? Gwen might wake up one day and realize the same thing Peter had when he snapped out of his conditioning, she'd realize that her best friend was gone, and she'd blame herself.
"That's in all our best interest.", he agreed.
That's what Wade always had to remind himself of, what Irondad and his crew would have to learn. Peter had in most fields, essentially, no idea how to be human. That included healthy relationships.
"Cap, I need you to kill me.", Wade announced.
"Peter-?", he called out as he pulled himself up onto the roof. Peter sat on the other side of the roof, his feet dangling off the edge. He didn't look distressed but Wade couldn't be sure.
It didn't take long to locate it, it was placed inside a tooth at the back of his mouth. Tony didn't want to think about how they got it in there. Getting it out while he was asleep wasn't an option either but Tony managed to disable it.
Surely enough Bucky stumbled out of the motel towards the pool, looking like he just rolled out of his bed, which he probably did. Luckily he had thought of his arm and pulled on his hoodie and gloves.
"I'm not tied up ", he suddenly mumbled like it was some kind of realization and when Wade looked down he saw Peter's hands in his lap, rubbing around his wrists like they were sore.
That night Wade received a message from an unknown number. A picture of a night sky, littered with bright stars, more than Wade had ever seen before. Attached were two messages:
"I guess you're the American wet dream Wade told me about. You two are a thing?", the boy stated and Steve shot Deadpool a look to which he only shrugged.
Peter struck a pose for effect. "It's horrendous, isn't it?", he smirked before crossing the distance between them.
"Oh really? Who are they?", Tony asked, so genuinely excited that Peter was taken aback by it for a moment.
He usually avoided looking at mirrors and only ever saw his own appearance in Bucky's photos but this time he actually dared to look at his reflection.
"Yeah, the whole package. Torture and brainwashing included. But I wasn't the only one. There was this friend of mine-"
Wade's instinct was to make a joke, to make light of the situation. But he couldn't. Somehow this felt too important.
Wade would help him be numb, he just had to prove that he could be good for him, that Peter was better when he didn't feel."Peter?", Wade asked, unsure. Peter smiled. "Peter are you- How are you feeling?"
Bucky was met by gasping breaths and quickly excused himself. Peter and him had been eating dinner while watching Tangled. Peter barely reacted to him leaving, too engrossed in the movie. He started to become more present, a good sign.
Peter was in a car, it looked a lot like the one Bucky drove during their road trip, then he blinked and now it looked like Wade's.
"Seems like it.", Peter remarked and suddenly he wasn't on the bed anymore. He was standing right in front of Wade, inches away, glaring openly into Wade's eyes. Wade was always surprised when Peter showed off how unnaturally quick and strong he was but Wade didn't flinch back. "Get out of my room.", Peter ordered and his voice was almost a hiss. His eyes weren't empty anymore but they were still cold.
"What if he doesn't want me?", he then whispered, glancing over at Wade. He regretted it as soon as he saw his expression. Pained and... exasperated? Annoyed? It wasn't pleasant.
"No, that's me talking.", he snapped all of a sudden but the agitation was gone as quickly as it appeared, leaving that same blank expression. He turned his attention towards his bandaged wrist before starting to unwrap it. Bucky watched him carefully but didn't try to stop him. The skin underneath was mostly healed, only a long, jagged, silvery scar remained and even that would be gone soon. "I didn't mean to kill myself, you know?", Peter said after another moment of silence. He let his fingers run along the scar, not pressing down on it to cause more pain, only lightly brushing over it with the tips of his fingers. "I mean, I did, but I wasn't really me. I wouldn't do this again. ", he added. He wasn't apologizing, which Bucky was relieved by. He wasn't sure, if he could take it, if Peter apologized for the pain someone else had put him through.
Peter took a step away from the glass, his eyes still zeroed in on Natasha. He shook his head like a disappointed parent, still wearing that bitter smile that Wade hated with a passion. "You people are all the same... You can tell yourself that you're better than HYDRA all you want, I've yet to see it. "
He sat down on a stool across from him.
"Well, you can't know that, in fact, the only character witness we have is Peter. Is she dangerous, Peter?", Tony asked and Peter immediately shook his head.
That was the second truth.
"Power dampening collar. Cograts, you're human again.", Gwen replied before finally closing it for good. The lock clicked into place and a cold familiar feeling settled over him, he felt drained, his powers faded to nothing. He was in deep waters now.
The next day turned out pretty anti-climactic. There was no big emotional reunion but it didn't turn into a dramatic disaster either. Wade and the others waited in the foyer of the headquarters, all equally anxious to see how Peter was doing. He was lead out by agent Lorenz. They had let him change into a pair of black pants and a black hoodie, the collar was gone, he looked almost normal that way. He trailed after the agent, hands burried in the pockets of his pants, the same uninterested expression on his face as the last time.
"I'm diving. Which is an acceptable pool activity. You're having some kind of break down, which is less acceptable.", she shrugged simply.
Peter let out another huff and looked over at Bucky. "I'm not stupid, I know that. I'm asking you to take me."
They finished most of the food before the movies started, they had arrived pretty early. Soon it got dark and before they knew it the movie started to play.
"I'm not feeling anything right now.", he stated.
"That means a lot to me. ", Peter nodded with a nervous smile. He looked down at his hands, fiddled with the tape that kept his broken fingers in place. It was strange to think that only a few hours ago Peter was screaming at Natasha, breaking his fingers on glass. And a few hours before that he apparently got shot in a robbery. This day had definitely been too long.
. In the bathroom the bright lights startled him, his own image in the mirror was even worse. Pale and sweaty, his eyes dark and void.
"If you say so...", he mumbled before looking out of the window. That should've been the end of the topic but Peter's thoughts were wandering. Sure, he was anxious, but he would be lying if he said that he wasn't curious, too. "Did they train you to be a killer? The people who did this to you?", the words slipped out before he could stop them and he didn't even dare to look at Wade, scared of his reaction.
I also wanted to use this opportunity to thank all of you. I've never written anything that has been read by so many people. This story has been a part of my life for over a year now and every time I thought I couldn't finish it your comments picked me up again.  So thank you, from the button of my heart, it has been an honour.
Peter turned his head to check on the other two who were now frozen in shock when the doors to the motel where slammed open. Bucky stormed in, apparently alarmed by the gunshot.
"Slow down, one, that's confidential and two, Peter is incapacitated right now.", Gwen replied, not batting an eyelid.
"I get that. But he'll be fine.", Bucky replied and he didn't sound enthusiastic or hopeful. No, he just sounded so fucking
"So, this was all fake? You were their asset the entire time?", Peter asked. He had only thought of this now, but was it possible that Gwen had fooled him? That their reunion, there quiet talks in the middle of the night, her crying, had all been an act? Peter always thought that he knew her, if she tricked him so easily, maybe he didn't.
Wade started to cut Peter's hair and for a moment they were both silent, the snipping of the scissors was the only sound between them. Until Peter worked up the courage to ask another question. "What happened?"
"I'll take that into consideration next time, thanks.", he smirked in return and Tony didn't attempt to hide his relief.
"But there are times you do it on purpose?", Wade asked carefully and Peter was chewing his lip, searching for the right words.
"No! Of course not! All I'm saying is that maybe we shouldn't accept everything she's saying right away."
MJ was staring at him, a weird expression on her face that Peter couldn't read. "Yeah...", she mumbled but she sounded distant, like she was in thought. Suddenly her eyes lowered and landed on Peter's lips and before Peter knew what was happening she was leaning in.
Peter hadn't moved from his spot on the ground except to prop himself up against a wall. He wasn't sure, if he was allowed to and if getting up warranted more shot wounds, he'd rather stay down for now.
"I- I didn't know- but I had a hunch. Her story seemed too convenient and she was behaving weirdly all day and I tried to tell Peter but he wouldn't listen, and-",Wade tried to explain before his voice broke off.
"Please don't be dead..."
Wade could feel Domino's eyes on him and he knew that he didn't want to see that fucking look in her eyes, like she pitied him.
A part of Peter was glad that Wade was living his life, that he wasn't just waiting for Peter to return. It made Peter feel better about taking his time, about not rushing to get home. At the same time a small part of his brain tried to convince him that Wade was moving on, that he'd lost interest in Peter, that once Peter did decide that he was ready, Wade wouldn't want to be around him any longer. He tried to ignore that voice as well as possible but it was still there and annoyingly loud.
no no, please-"
"What?", Bucky asked.
"Always.", Peter replied and she chuckled at that.
They had a pretty good day. They went to the waterfall, it was gorgeous, and spend the entire day at the beach. It wasn't as busy as usual, because it was October but they had caught a really hot day. People were even swimming. Not Peter and Bucky because Bucky didn't want to show off his arm and Peter still got nervous when he was fully submerged in water. He still got anxiety attacks in showers but he was slowly getting a handle on this. That didn't mean he enjoyed it, though. So they took their shoes off, rolled up their pants and walked through the cool water, the hot sun warming their faces.
"I didn't say that.",Death quickly said but Wade knew what he had heard.
He was worried about Bucky who had gone off to some secret mission that Peter wasn't allowed to know about.
"I'm not like you. ", Gwen snapped before straddling Peter and punching him so hard that Peter was sure that she broke his nose. The pain was just piling on at this point, his whole body was in agony but Peter forced himself to not shut down. Gwen shouldn't have broken his nose, she was strong enough to smash his scull, she was pulling her punches.
"Gwen, why-",he started to ask but he didn't know how to finish that question. Or he did but he just couldn't.
", a voice said. The voice was the only real thing left so Peter believed her. After all, he was
"Mhmm.", he nodded slowly, he seemed alert again, the tension
"I- sorry, I don't know who you are. ", Peter admitted. Shouldn't his afterlife be something familiar?
The boy stared at him for a long time, his face expressionless, eyes intense. He hunched over and pulled his knees to his chest, making himself even smaller. Then:"Where is Wade?"
"You're despicable.", Steve spat.
Wade believed in Peter, or at least he thought he did but a part of him knew that he had fallen into the same trap they all had. He had started to treat Peter like this fragile thing, like he was made of glass. Even Peter himself had complained about it.
?", Wade asked. He couldn't see Peter's face but if the tension was anything to go by, Peter was agitated.
"Yeah but you don't talk to people.", Bucky pointed out and he knew that Peter couldn't argue with that.
The girl's head whipped around, huge blue eyes focusing on Peter. "Peter?", she whispered, her voice cracking with emotion.
"You're pathetic. Look at yourself.", Keipon snarled, grabbing Peter by his jaw and forcing eye contact. He looked disgusted with Peter... because Peter had been
The song lyrics in this are from Matt Maeson's new song 'I just don't care that much'. His whole music also partially inspired this story. Idk, I just love him.
didn't even begin to cover it.
Anyways, I hope you enjoy this chapter and leave a review, reading them gives me life!
Two, he knew him. The second one was what caused his heartbeat to pick up. He knew him, not very well, but they had met before. A long time ago the Winter Soldier taught this boy, how to fight, how to survive, how to kill.
Natasha pulled a face, it might've been apologetic, Peter couldn't tell. Then she pulled out her phone and opened it, playing a video. "She asked me to show you this."
Peter fell. Then he didn't.
Still, it put him on edge when Peter was behaving like this. There was a certain uncertainty between them, something foreboding. A storm was forming and it finally broke loose when Tony and Steve mentioned moving Peter.
It made sense, or at least it did in Peter's mind. Bucky understood his logic because he had thought the same way for so long, he still slipped back into it from time to time. The inability to trust someone fully, to rely on them. Bucky knew that feeling. He also knew that it could get you to do some pretty stupid stuff. Like assuming that nobody could ever forgive you. "Peter, I get it, I really do. ", Bucky stated but Peter didn't look convinced. He also looked like he'd make a run for at it any second. So Bucky went back to the couch and sat down, offering Peter a seat as well. Peter was reluctant at first but finally let himself fall next to Bucky. "When I first started to remember who I was, the guilt was... crushing me. Don't know how much you know about me but I killed countless people, I did horrible things and I had a file, too. Steve read it."
Tony seemed to have caught Wade's eyes because he suddenly heard the tinman's voice yelling in his ear. "No! Go! Go get him! We'll follow as soon as we can!"
Peter gave him a pained expression that Wade read as discomfort. "I- you said you'd stay with me until I'm okay. And I'm okay. Really. It's fine. ", Peter then said and Wade barely heard him over the sound of his boxes cackling in his head.
, Peter couldn't handle this shit right now.
Still, every time it happened Steve could see how crushed Tony was when the test results came back negative. He knew that his boyfriend didn't dare hope to see his son ever again, it didn't make this easier, though.
Wade thought he looked quite handsome, even with the blood shot eyes and dark circles under them.
That got Peter to look up again, his eyes alert. "Why?"
. Peter would've laughed if he could.
In that moment Bucky realized two things that made all of this a hell of a lot harder. One, this wasn't a man, it was boy. Maybe a teen. He looked 18, tops.
Luckily, in that moment the door of the bathroom opened again and Wade stepped through. "Ready, set, go, it's bubble bath time.", he announced, his tone chipper but Peter could tell that he was tense, too.
"Yeah, but you'll figure it out.", Wade said, though Tony wasn't sure how convincing he was. Wade clapped Tony on the back before following Peter out, leaving Tony by himself again.
"I will miss them. ", the words were out before he could stop them. Death must've heard them a million times already, after all, what else was there to regret once everything else became meaningless.
Maybe, somewhere around the time Wade had started to believe that Peter was fragile, he'd lost some of his trust in Peter's ability to push through. Maybe Bucky was right. Maybe Wade needed to have more trust.
"Prove it...", Peter croaked out, trying to sound defiant but he just didn't have it in him anymore.
"Perfect! Sit down, I'll get the utensils.",Wade smiled before getting a comb and some scissors out of the bathroom. When he returned Peter was obediently sitting in the chair. "Any wishes?", Wade asked, his tone chipper.
Wade raised his eyebrows in surprise. "That's coming outta your body? Are you that excited to see me?"
Wade woke up by himself and for a second his heart seized when he saw Peter's empty bed. His first thought was:" He's gone. Again."
"Peter? As in-", her eyes shot towards Tony and the cold look was nowhere to be seen, replaced by disbelief and wonder, they were even glistening a little. "-your son?"
"Has this happened before?", Wade asked, his voice thick with emotion.
"I wanted to enjoy the open space.", Peter replied, gesturing at the clear blue sky above them.
He had no idea how to fix any of it.
"Sounds like a plan. Did you have the boyfriends talk, yet?", MJ asked, glancing from her canvas at Peter. He had told her that Wade and him hadn't really talked about what they were yet and he had promised to bring it up but so far he hadn't.
"I didn't mean to worry you, I'm sorry." , Peter then mumbled and Wade let out a sigh.
"Why not? Won't he give it to you?", Natasha asked and Steve straightened up a bit, his jaw tense. Maybe he could guess where she was going with this.
Wade figured that there was no right answer to that question so he just went with the truth. "I know, it could be attributed to the author just being bad at plot but something about her backstory seems fishy. Why the fuck would HYDRA agents talk about you somewhere she could hear, if she's supposed to think that you're dead? How did she suddenly manage to break out all by herself? How did she even survive on her own on the run from HYDRA? These questions don't have answers and they're too big to attribute them to simple plot convenience!", Wade argued but he could already tell that he had lost Peter.
Tony stared at his son with wide eyes for a few moments, something glistening in them, before rubbing one hand over his face with a sigh. "Peter... don't say that...", he mumbled and Wade saw something flash in the boy's eyes, like he waited for this.
. Peter jumped to his feet which seemed to be a surprising move since everyone seemed startled by it. "I need to go...", Peter mumbled, now pressing his palm to his wound. He wasn't exactly sure where he was going just that he needed to get out.
Once they made it to the bathroom he locked the door. He didn't expect anyone to come in but he wanted Gwen to know that nobody could. She quickly undressed, they never had any inhibitions in front of each other. There was no room for that. But once she had completely undressed she suddenly froze, just staring down at herself.
Sometimes Steve forgot that Natasha used to be a child like Peter, at the mercy of monsters, he forgot that she went through this, too. Still, just because it worked for her, it didn't mean that it would work for Peter, too.
"They are brothers.", Bucky replied. He hadn't really thought about this yet but he'd do anything to keep Peter present.
Peter did the same because distance usually made him feel better when he was upset. MJ still seemed frustrated, staring at her hands in her lap now, her eyebrows tightly pulled together.
Tony understood, seemed to see how shameful this all was for Peter. He slowly got up and walked over to the door before turning around once more. "I'll be in the kitchen. Come out whenever you feel ready, don't rush yourself. "
It was interesting to watch their banter, not only because Peter seemed really comfortable with it. Apparently they had really bonded over the small amount of time they spend together. Steve realized in that moment that they'd probably need Wade for Peter's recovery, too. Speaking of his recovery... "Peter, we've been thinking... No, mostly Steve's been thinking, I've been staring holes into the walls... but there are a few things we need to talk about.", Tony started and Steve noticed how Peter tensed up ever so slightly but otherwise continued as normal.
"Fuck you! You're not dying! Not on my watch. ", he snapped.
"I can't die...", he mumbled.
"No. I didn't even really want it back then, I wasn't thinking straight. I'm better now.", he finally replied and it was the truth. Peter was a long ways away from being good but he was definitely better.
"Then it's a date.", he said, all casual and Bucky froze up again.
"Peter?" It was Gwen and she sounded terrified. Peter set himself into motion right away, getting up and striding over to the bedroom door, opening it and stepping out onto the hallway.
"Whatever. Why did you ignore me then, if it wasn't me. I mean... It's been three months.", he went on, and again, he sounded way sharper then intended but at this point he'd rather come off as pissed then scared.
Wade tried to tell himself that that was the reason, that Peter would be fine. His doubts still remained. They took the form of his boxes.
Sorry for being gone again. You know, work, art, other projects. But I still have a lot planned for this fic and I can't wait to hear your thoughts on the resent... developments.
"If- when you say sticking to all surfaces,  you mean...", Tony asked with wide eyes. Peter pushed back his chair, got up and proceeded to jump to the ceiling where he then started to crawl around on all fours as if he was a character in a horror movie.
"I stick to all surfaces.", Peter replied, not even bothering to look down at Wade again. Wade was just considering if he should try to jump anyways when Peter shot one of his webs at Wade's hand. "Come on, I'll pull you up.", he stated, no trace of emotion in his voice.
"Do you know how you got your injuries?" A nod.
"Yeah, I know...", Tony grumbled before wiping one hand over his face and through his hair. "But are you telling me because you want to or because you think that you have to?"
"And if that doesn't work either?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"I don't know if I can be better." His confession was quiet and shameful, like he had somehow failed, like he was the disappointment.
What Steve would say next was risky, Peter could take it very, very wrong. "But can you really be realistic when your sense of reality is so warped by all the abuse you've endured in your life?" Steve was holding his breath, waiting for his reaction.
"Or maybe because she didn't escape on her own, or didn't escape at all.", Wade said carefully and now Peter just looked hurt. God, this was getting worse and worse.
Okay, so trigger warning because Peter's suicide attempt is discussed very briefly in here but without any detail.
"No... no it's just as I feared. Barnes doesn't know what he's doing. They can't control him. But- Do you really think that- Yeah yeah, I get it, I wouldn't have told you otherwise but if we just burst- All I'm saying is- Yeah. Okay. Whatever you say."
"Peter's coming home." No 'Hello, how are you?'. He cut right down to it. Wade would've expected him to sound happier, instead he seemed tense.  He soon knew why that was. Tony launched into a short explanation for the reason of Peter's sudden return. When he first heard it Wade thought he'd misunderstood him.
"Me touching you.", Wade replied, looking down at Peter's arm in his hand and Peter did the same. He didn't answer for a while, only staring at their hands, like he was trying to solve a riddle.
"Maybe... something is wrong with her?", Wade suggested.
"Of course. You can trust me, you know I'm great with secrets.", she agreed and Tony knew that she was pretending to not notice the irony in that to annoy him.
"Okay... do you trust them?", she asked next, not whispering anymore, trusting in his promise.
"Are we back to your smart ass comments?", Tony asked but there was no edge to his voice, no distaste. He mostly just sounded tired.
All he knew was that something was wrong between them, that something was definitely wrong with Peter himself.
"Natasha, open the goddamn door! We need to talk!", he yelled and Natasha sighed before flipping some switches that probably turned the one way mirror into a regular window because Peter's eyes now focused in on Natasha specifically.
Peter thought about it for a second,  not longer, because if he was honest, he already knew what he would do as soon as he heard her name, the same thing he'd always do. It was
"Okay...how about we put the gun back and talk about this instead. I promise that we can work this out together.", he suggested, taking a step closer, reaching towards her.
Something inside Peter's chest lit up and it was hot and strong without burning him and he didn't like it, didn't trust it, knew how dangerous it was and tried to extinguish it before it could get bigger.
"Don't be. My parents were pretty shit from what I remember, which isn't a lot. And Karen is good people, she takes care of us.", MJ waved him off.
When Peter left all that Tony wanted was to get him to stay. But that wasn't an option so the second best option was a bottle. Tony didn't reach for one, though. Not this time. Not when he promised to be there for his son when he needed him. Not when he promised himself to be better this time. So Tony didn't break his sobriety which fucking sucked. Being sober sort of sucked in general but normally he had more important stuff to focus on. Namely, his son.
"Yeah baby boy, I'm gonna make waffles for you until you won't be able to even look at one without getting the pukes.", he smirked before glancing back at Peter.
"Those are really toxic, by the way.", MJ remarked and Peter couldn't help but to roll with his eyes.
"Hey Weasel, is Wade home?", Peter asked the barkeeper as he carried another box of bottles to the bar.
Peter calmed down ever so slightly, relieving some of the tension in his shoulders and grasping the cup of hot chocolate in front of him. He didn't drink it, he only clasped the mug like he was trying to warm his hands. "Like what?", he asked meekly.
Wade reached for it with a shaking hand and wiped it from his cheek before looking at his fingers. It was blood.
Peter still didn't face him when he replied:"Well, I'm healthy again, I'm a burden and a waste of space, I invaded your privacy, I let you think that I couldn't speak for a whole week-"
"No problemo baby-boy. Just be careful with the bandages. ", Wade said while Peter continued to undress.
"Shit.", he cursed when Peter reached out and covered Wade's hands with his own, staring up at him intently.
After that they went south again. They returned to California but not home, instead Bucky took Peter to Redwood-Nationalpark. It was one of Peter's favorite spots that Bucky took him to. Walking through the forest where the trees were so high that you couldn't see where they ended and where the sky began was stunning. It was quiet, peaceful. They stayed almost a week until Peter grew restless once more, almost as long as they stayed in the Grand Canyon. Once they packed their stuff again and drove off, Peter dared to ask if they could go to a beach again, he hadn't been since before SHIELD and Bucky was more than happy to grant him that wish. He told Peter about McWay Falls, an 80-foot-tall waterfall in California that emptied directly into the ocean. It was next to a beach and that's where they went next.
"Fuck you!", Peter spat, everything about him nasty and vicious.
"Then what's the issue?", MJ asked, her tone challenging, a small grin pulling at her lips. "I'd feel less exposed, if you were swimming with me.", she then added.
"SHUT UP! FIGHT ME!", she screamed furiously but Peter only shook his head, or he attempted to,
He straddled her lap and let her eager hands run along his naked torso until she grabbed a hold of his neck and pulled him down into a bruising kiss once again.
He put the outfit on and looked at himself in the mirror again. He wasn't the same man he was when he first put these clothes on. Sure, he was still having mental breakdowns in motel bathrooms, but he was working on that.
Okay, this one's a bit short but I needed it to get the plot moving. I hope you enjoy it none the less! There's a mention of Peter's suicide attempt but it's very brief and not at all graphic.
"Should I go check on him?", Wade offerd but Tony shook his head.
"No, sorry. That came out the wrong way. I'm genuinely asking. I'd hate- I just don't want to be a burden. And I honestly didn't think that you were serious about the promise.", Peter replied. It was hard to get a read on him, now that he wasn't so exhausted anymore. Wade felt like he was actively trying to hide his emotions or maybe he just felt emptiness. That could be possible, too. Sometimes when things were to much he would feel empty as well. Feel nothing instead of too much.
"Did you- did you make a gay joke?", Wade asked with a breathless laugh and Peter grinned back at him.
"No...", Wade whispered. She couldn't mean- he couldn't be-
"You were pretty upset yesterday.", She pointed out and Peter couldn't argue with that. He was still upset, upset was sort of his standard setting, but he didn't want to talk about this right now.
"Do you think I don't know that?", Tony snapped at which Steve laid a comforting arm around him. It seemed to do the trick because Tony shut his eyes and took a calming breath before adding, much calmer this time:" Peter is the only one that can identify her. According to Natasha her story made sense, though."
"Yes?"
"Yeah, with MJ.", Peter nodded, the grin back on his face.
"I do. ", he nodded.
It didn't even feel real for multiple reasons. Peter, who most of the time could barely stand people being too close to him, was touching Wade, Wade's scarred and repulsive skin. He did it so softly that it made Wade's heart ache. He didn't mention it, though, too scared that he'd break the moment if he did. "She said that you were dead. And I believed her because I didn't think-", his breath hitched and Wade tried to push down whatever was building up inside of him. "After all the shit she put me through, after everything she did to me, I didn't think that she would do something like this. I suppose I'm an idiot." Wade couldn't hide the bitterness in his voice, and there was nothing sweet about it, it was vicious and ugly and Wade hated that he couldn't be better than this.
When the elevator finally arrived at the floor where Tony's workshop was, Steve still didn't know how to tell him the truth. He only knew that they had to do it.  He made his way into the room and found Tony hunched over one of his boots.
Gone forever.
It was a clear night sky tonight and he might send Wade another picture later. That's how they've been communicating this past month. Peter would send Wade little pictures of where ever he currently was with little messages attached and Wade would do the same. He had left Malibu as it seemed. He'd sent Peter pictures of cities, Peter didn't ask where he was because Wade didn't expect Peter to tell him that either.
"Now you speak again?", he asked.
Everything that came out were ragged gasps for air and pathetic whimpering.
"Buck- Bucky I don't know what to do- I don't know how to make it okay- I don't-" Bucky never heard Steve like this before, obviously panicking and out of his mind. It made Bucky's heart seize with worry.
"Please, don't do this Gwen-", he pleaded one last time as they stopped in front of the Quinjet. He knew that he couldn't get her to snap out of it, it was conditioning, it wasn't that easy, but he still had to try.
"Cryo. I don't remember much else. Then Wade found me. He saved me. Brought me here. What about you?"
stared at the rivers of red dripping down his arm. He heard Gwen, the night she held him down to stop himself from clawing his veins open. She'd be disappointed. But Peter couldn't bear being like this anymore. It
"What's going on here? What are you doing here?", MJ suddenly asked. Peter raised his head up to look at her. Her expression was still alarmed, fucking terrified but the tone of her voice demanded answers.
"What is her story?", Wade then asked, the explanation he had received during the phone call was very limited.
"You did?!"
"Until then I'll just have to play the human shield. Hey, maybe if I do a good enough job Captain America will  carry me on his arm instead of his vibranium shield.", Wade smirked and the tension left Peter's face.
Peter couldn't read the expression on Wade's face. All he could think about was how they were too close but how it had to be this way. He had to convince Wade that he could be good if he was numb.
Tony didn't say anything else at first, didn't know what to say. Peter stayed silent too and for a moment Tony thought that he had fallen back asleep. "So, are you my dad?",he then asked raising his head slightly to look at Tony again. "I kinda passed out before the results came in."
"No.", Peter whispered, shaking his head.
"Hey Natalie!", Tony greeted her with a false cheerfulness in his tone and she scoffed at the name he used. A relic from when she used to spy on him. "Nice to see you, except, it isn't. Why the unannounced visit?"
...in a way that Tony had never seen before.
"I'm in here!", a faint voice suddenly called, but it was unmistakably Peter. He was
"Nah. But I got proof.", Wade shrugged, pulling his phone out of one of the pockets of his suit. He quickly typed Peter's name into Google and found an article that was a few months old, it was released for the tenth anniversary of the boy's supposed death. It also showed a picture of him, he had a striking resemblance not only to the Peter in his car right now but also the one from HYDRA's file.
They knocked on the door and a couple seconds later it was pulled open by Wade. Peter had told MJ about the scaring that covered Wade's entire skin and he trusted her to not stare but he was still reliefed to see that she didn't even bat an eyelash when Wade faced them with a wide grin. "Petey! You're early!", he pointed out before opening his arms.
, her voice sounded cold and deadly, even through the speakers of the jet. Wade's heart was racing.
, Peter was drowning but from the inside, blood bubbling up his throat, but he couldn't stop now.
"Is he in distress?", he asked, to be sure.
Peter. Protect him from himself, from all that blood and death that came with being a secret.
"Yeah, sorry kid, just your old guy.", Tony smirked but Peter could tell that Tony was slightly wounded by Peter's remark.
"Somebody saved me. HYDRA doesn't control me anymore. Did you get saved? Did you escape on your own?" The kid didn't reply, his eyes grew distant for a second and suddenly they were filled with tears.
"Just- please don't leave me- don't leave me alone, Peter...", Gwen pleaded.
"Take me somewhere pretty.", Peter then added and there was something about it that just sounded so fucking sad.
"Pete!", a man greeted him with a wide cheerful smile. He still looked the same as he did in Peter's memories, in Peter's nightmares. The man before him didn't look like the monster he was. Not overly tall or of impressive stature, his dark hair was greying at his temples and his face showed deep laughter lines. He might've looked like a kind man if it weren't for the ice behind his eyes, the cruelty in them.
"Peter-", Wade pleaded but Peter wouldn't hear him out.
"Gwen was just telling me that you're in fact, not awful.", Peter said turning to Natasha. He was holding Gwen's hand in his. It was good to see that they had made up. Tony wasn't sure how badly it would've effected Peter if they hadn't.
"Not really. For me the withdrawal had no physical side effects at all. It was purely the psychological torment.", Bucky explained before heading for his bedroom to put his stuff away.
"Since when do you smoke?", Peter didn't mean to ask. The words just sort of tumbled out of his mouth.
They were right. Wade knew that this would happen. It always happened, he should really know better by now. Wade had served his purpose, fulfilled his promise and now he had to watch Peter awkwardly stumble his way through a rejection.
"Let me take one of you.", she offered and Peter handed her his phone. "Smile, you tragedy. ", she ordered with a smirk so Peter did. His smile felt weird, it always did when he smiled on purpose, but Peter didn't hate the picture when MJ showed it to him. It'd be the first picture that he'd sent Wade of himself and Peter felt like it was a good choice.
Peter was quiet, distant, the way he had been when Bucky had met him. When he hadn't even known his name yet. Just like back then Peter seemed hollow, as he stared at the highway before them. But now Bucky knew he wasn't. Peter was in there, trapped somewhere in the depths of his mind, which wasn't a safe place to be. Bucky didn't know how to pull him out of it, anymore. He knew that wherever Peter went, he wasn't welcome. "Do they have a backstory?", he suddenly asked, coming back to life. Just like that, dull eyes turned sharp, glancing at Bucky.
"Holy fuck! Look at the stars!", he gasped out and started to chuckle until he was full on laughing. It wasn't bitter or hollow, a true, joyful laugh, even though Wade could see tears pouring out of his eyes running down the sides of his meager face. "Do they always look like this? It's even better than I imagined!"
"I'll stay with him for now.", Wade replied, sliding past Bucky into the bedroom. Peter's eyes didn't meet his, he lowered his gaze and turned away without a word. He didn't watch Bucky leave.
Steve had served as much food as possible like everytime they ate and Peter insisted that it wasn't necessary before basically apologizing for his existence, it was a quite depressing ordeal.
"Because you're practically vibrating.", he pointed out and Peter realized that he was, in fact, trembling.
It took some time but Peter slowly started to settle into a routine. At first it was just get up, eat, ghost around, eat, pretend to watch a movie, pretend to read, pretend to listen,
"For what?", Gwen asked.
"It's my tragedy, I get to decide when it's alright to joke about. ", he shrugged before suddenly stopping, the smile dropping off his lips. Wade followed his line of sight. They had arrived. "Gwen...", Peter whispered, his eyes wide and already filling with tears.
"Then let me tell you, being with someone isn't about things like sex or... touching each other, if that's not what you want. It's more about the emotional bond, about being there for each other, about support and love. And you're not robbing someone, if you're not ready to do anything, you're not damaged because of that. I'm begging you to not think of romantic relationships that way, because if you do you might end up doing something that you don't want and you don't deserve to feel such a pain. Love should be something good, something easy."
He didn't know how long this had been going on. The last thing he could truly remember was sitting on the roof with Wade. Everything had been so crystal clear, more than ever before in his life. His thoughts made sense, his feelings weren't there to interfere.
They sat in silence for while after that, just passing the coffee pot around while Peter smoked his cigarette and tried to process their conversation. He and Tony never had a conversation that was so... relaxed and yet vulnerable. It felt natural in a way it hadn't felt before. And Peter was really thankful for that. He hadn't believed that he could talk to his father like that. "Tony?", he eventually asked.
So he picked up his phone and texted MJ that he was in. They had exchanged phone numbers a couple of days ago. He also told her about Bucky's conditions. That she saved Bucky's number in case anything went wrong, that she called him, if Peter seemed not okay, that they'd stay away from too many people. (That last one Peter was secretly pretty glad about) In the end they settled on not going to the regular cinema but to watch a movie in the car cinema a few miles away and getting food there. This way they'd be by themselves in MJ's car and not in a large room full of people.
He looked down at Peter, his head was still in Wade's lap, his eyes weren't fully closed but they were completely empty, all the lights were out and nobody was home. Peter had moved on and Wade would never see him again. He couldn't take it.
Wade had tried to understand the intricacies of death for a while now, ever since he discovered his own immortality.
Once their food arrived Peter waited, just staring at his gigantic stack of waffles until Bucky took the first bite of his burger. Only then did he grab the fork and dug into his waffle-tower. It was honestly baffling how quickly Peter wolfed down his food once he started. He seemed focused on nothing else, just shovelling fork after fork into his mouth.
Peter tried to brace himself for the halo, there was no bracing himself. He tried to focus on the words the agents around him said. There was no focusing. It was all
They stayed at that motel longer than either of them expected and it definitely had everything  to do with MJ. Bucky had no idea what it was about this girl that got Peter to come out of his shell but she was really fucking good for him.
"Nah, they went off to college this year. I should've gone too, got my acceptance letter and all. But I decided to take a gap year. Figure out what I want.", she said before laying her head back and staring at the sky. "What about you? Any plans? What are you up to?", she then asked and Peter actually had to smirk at that.
"Take me out... was that a murder pun?!"
The superdads switched a look before Capsicle explained:"A friend of mine, Bucky Barnes, he was in HYDRA custody for... over 70 years, they changed him. Brainwashing, torture, experiments. The whole nine yards. You could talk to him if you like."
"Okay, just sit there and smoke and look beautiful yet unbothered.", MJ smirked before getting to work on her canvas.
"This is BULLSHIT!!!", Steve yelled, suddenly jumping up from his chair. Even Tony seemed surprised by it. "Peter isn't some fucking weapon, he's a person! And he would never hurt anyone on purpose!"
was it tempting. Then he reminded himself that he had disrupted Wade's life enough already. He couldn't stand being a burden any longer.
Who she was had changed, though. She seemed... meek, timid, somehow fragile. She hadn't been like this before. Gwen used to be Peter's rock. Maybe it was now time for him to be hers. It filled him with dread, not knowing what she'd been through while they were apart. They had a lot of catching up to do, once they got a moment alone.
Bucky knew how much it must've taken out of Peter to ask for this, to ask for time and a bit of privacy. He knew and he respected it. And damn, Peter really needed a break. "Then I won't. But you know that you can tell me when you're ready."
Surely enough she was standing in the doorway. Dressed in black from head to toe, pinstraight bordeaux red hair and matching lipstick. That was Natasha Romanoff. All pale skin and shadows, sharp edges and elegant curves. Her eyes were cold when they were focused on Tony. He had learned long ago that this wasn't anything personal. It was her spy-face. Natasha was on a mission, she was here for information. Right now Tony was something that stood between her and her goal. "Hello, old man.", she said to Tony with her infamous smile, it always felt like she knew more than you. "Hello, older man.", she added, glancing at Steve.
"Peter-", she started to greet him, her calm fake smile on her lips. But Peter didn't want to play the game like that.
Tony wasn't sure if he would've recognized his son if he met him on the street. Not only because of the age difference and not only because he was basically just skin and bones.
On a different note, the overwhelming amount of attention this story is getting and your lovely comments really motivated me to get back into this story and I have a few new ideas, the next chapter will come soon and will be longer, I promise!
"He stays here. But you can visit him. That's all that I'll grant you. Daily visits. We'll make it quick. Give us 1 week and he'll be home again." Fury didn't sound malicious. Wade still hated his guts. He knew that Tony would take the deal before the other man even said anything. He just knew. Because if running wasn't an option and fighting wasn't either, compliance was the only thing left. That didn't mean that Wade liked it. In fact, he fucking hated it. In his mind he made plans. To break Peter out, to take him away to some place no one would ever find him again, to hide him from this cruel world. But all his plans ended the same way. With Peter shattering under the pressure. He needed to be safe. Wade couldn't give him that.
"What are you talking about?", Peter asked seriously baffled. Sure, Peter and Wade were close but Peter always felt like Wade mostly just stuck around because of a sense of responsibility.
"It was pretty good. Had the desired effect.", Peter replied with a satisfied nod.
As always, I hope you enjoy it and leave a comment!
I wouldn't necessarily say that things will get immediately better after this one but this chapter is a bit of a turning point so I'm extra excited to hear what you think of this!
On first glance there was no way that that boy was laying in front of him. But the more he looked at his sleeping face the more he found similarities. The nose, the same bushy eyebrows, a sharp jaw like Tony's.
"If you say so." Another beat of silence before Peter added. "Can you keep this to yourself? Please?" Wade could hear how hard Peter tried to control his tone, to keep it calm, it was almost convincing.
Before he knew what he was doing Peter was already making his way back. He found a bloodbath. At least a dozen dead HYDRA agents, wearing their typical black uniforms, either shot or decapitated, there was blood everywhere, cut off limbs, and in the centre of it, Wade.
"Steve, we have to tell Tony...", Bruce' voice got Steve back to the present.
, it hurt. "You love him.", Death said in Peter's voice and Wade felt his insides shrivel and die all over again.
. Peter didn't want to do this. He really didn't. But he also didn't want to make MJ uncomfortable, and he also didn't want to explain himself, and he definitely didn't want to go back inside where everything was tight and cramped and where he felt trapped.
Wade's eyes fell on his unmade bed when he stepped into his bedroom. His chest tightened with panic as his boxes whispered in his ears, calling him all kinds of vile slurs.
Problem was that somehow these dreams had even more of a hold on him then his usual nightmares. They felt so real that Peter's real life felt like the dream. Sometimes Peter caught himself going about his life and thinking:"This isn't real, this isn't real, you're not here." Because Peter felt like he was still trapped in the black nothingness.
"Did he?", Peter asked, his voice distant.
Peter's eyes fell to his phone and pack of cigarettes between them."Do you mind if I smoke?", he asked and MJ frowned at him and then at the pack between them, as if she didn't notice it until now.
"Look we aren't saying that-", Tony just started to argue when FRIDAY'S voice came from the ceiling.
But Luckily, I got absolutely hammered last night and then decided, fuck it, I'm writing this at 2 am while drunk.
That's all she ever said and Peter believed her, because what else was he supposed to do in a world where nothing was real but the voice.
"I'm sorry- I- don't- I'm sorry-", he gasped desperately.
someone that dances on the boarder of life and death all the time."
"FRIDAY, do we have any footage of them before they took off?", Tony asked and a video was pulled up onto the screen, taken in the hallway before Peter's bedroom by the looks of it. It showed Peter and Gwen, facing each other, Gwen held a gun in her hand, aiming it at her own temple.
"Besides, she worked with a friend of mine that went through something similar in HYDRA custody. She helped him lot.", Steve stated. Tony had not personally talked to Bucky about his therapist but Steve had. They were best friends after all and according to Steve, Bucky swore that Dr. Seine saved his life. Now, after two years the former HYDRA asset was mostly stable. More Bucky than Winter Soldier. That's all that Tony wanted for Peter. For him to be more his own person than their experiment.
Out the corner of his eyes he saw Wade reach for his weapons, move in front of Peter like a shield but he couldn't quite comprehend it. Then he heard his voice. "Run, hide, don't come out until I call you."
"Sort of hard to buy that right now.", he stated and Peter rolled with his eyes as if Bucky was being unreasonable. As if Peter hadn't tried to kill himself only a few hours ago.
Anyways,  I hope you liked this one, leave your opinions in the comments, I adore hearing from you!
"We're scared that you'll hurt yourself.", Bucky replied honestly, his tone grave. At first Peter didn't reply. He sank to his knees and curled up, rocking himself back and forth while his sobs wrecked through his body. Then, so quietly that Wade almost missed it, and he wished that he had, he heard Peter whisper:"
"Those are my two favorite hobbies.", Wade smirked and Peter chuckled again and
"I love it! This shirt plus the Canadian tuxedo? Didn't know that you could pull something like this off.", she remarked as they separated.
Peter slumped back in his chair, looking surprisingly relaxed all things considered. "I don't know. I think I'm not processing it, yet. Like, I'm happy that she's alive but I'm also devastated because she seems so...defeated? And I feel guilty and weird and I don't know... But I don't really want to talk about this right now. "
"Good.", Tony nodded, giving his son an encouraging smile that Peter returned carefully. Suddenly he blushed and looked away, looking flustered.
"So, what do you want?", Bucky asked, tossing one of the menus over to Peter. His menu cracked when he opened it, the sound of sticky plastic pages, clinging to each other after years of use.
"I'm immortal. I'm friends with death. I'll pay her a visit and ask if she came across a little spider-boy.", he explained, his voice slow and patient, like he was talking to children. The children stared at him like he was insane. Granted, he was, but not about this. Neither of them made a move to kill him. "Fuck this, then I'll do it myself.", he sighed before pulling out a gun and sending a bullet through his brain.
"If Peter didn't want us to follow he would've turned it off like last time. ", Tony mumbled, thinking the same thing that Wade did. "We're going after them. Get your suit and weapons and meet us at the hangar.", he then ordered determined, before getting up.
"Huh?", Bucky asked, not sure what Peter was asking.
"I have no fucking clue what to do with myself.", he admitted and there was something relieving in that. This whole time, ever since Wade got him out, Peter had just been existing and even that had often been to much. Peter had never even entertained the thought of what he was going to do with the rest of his life. He sort of didn't expect to live that long.
Wade thought he might have an inkling what this was about but he also didn't dare to hope. "And?", he asked instead.
"No- stop- what's this-?", Peter gasped, struggling in the arms of the guards and he would've fought them off if it weren't for Gwen holding him down as she locked him into the collar.
"To proof to your dad that you're alive. He's texting a lot. ", Bucky replied, holding up his phone, his tone apologetic.
"You're already dead, now it's just a matter of moving on. It's time. ", Death told him. "Now get out of my car!", she added before reaching across Peter to open his door and shove him out.
"Shut up. He'll be here.", MJ stated but it didn't have her usual bite. She was too busy analysing the room. Peter realized that the rather sketchy crowd was stressing her out so he quickly led her to the back where the stairs were.
"You had no right-", Steve started but Natasha cut him off.
Steve wasn't sure how things would change now that the other Avengers knew of Peter's existence but for now things were okay. All of Steve's most important people were in one place. The love of his life, his step-son, his best friend, and ...Wade. Yeah, he had gotten used to the chatty fella. It was hard to dislike him when he cared for Peter so fiercely.
"Now, who is this little popsicle and would it be a bad idea to let him out of his freezer?" Wade froze when he saw the name at the top of the file.
When Wade didn't respond a sob escaped the boy, it tore through the silence like a scream. The trembling started again and Peter still held his hands behind his back. "Do you want me to beg for it?", he then snapped but he sounded desperate, terrified.
"You look like one.", Bucky stated because that was also true.
"Sorry, didn't mean you.", Wade sighed and he knew that Peter would ask.
Peter was still on his back but the sky was gone. He was staring at grey. And he was moving. Driving. He was in a car, he thought. On the back bench.
Wade had been sitting in Peter's room for 2 hours now. 2 hours of silence.
"I never asked you what it's like."
MJ sighed and put her brush down before looking at Peter in a way he didn't like at all. She looked sad. "You're not a gigantic wreck.", she said and Peter didn't believe a word she was saying.
Death smiled, it looked bitter and painful. "You only ever want to see me when you're sad and lonely. ", she said with a shrug.
He stepped away and Wade closed the door and then it were only him and MJ. They stood like this for seconds, maybe minutes, MJ watching Peter, Peter staring at the spot on the door where Wade's face was just seconds ago. It always ended like this, with Wade shutting Peter out. Peter felt cold.
"Nothing.", Wade said, too quickly.
So he kneeled on the floor and didn't get closer, made himself as nonthreatening as possible. "I'm not hurting you. Not touching you.", he announced and scared eyes watched him.
His eyes wandered over the control board of the jet. He hadn't turned down the tracker of the jet. Gwen might've but he really hoped that she didn't. That way Tony and the others could follow them, once they realized that they were gone.
Peter seemed to take pity on his attempt because he let out something that might've been a smirk. "Try to not be too jealous.", he returned, his tone slightly teasing, even if his expression was still blank.
And then there was Natasha, born in secret, raised in secret, one big deception and she knew what few people did. How deadly secrets could be. After all, she was one of the deadly ones. James was one, too. And now she feared that Peter was one as well. "You're so naive.", she sighed and that was enough to get Tony sharp again.
"No. But does it matter? I couldn't resist their programming. Her blood is on my hands.
"We're on our way. ", Peter told Tony before hanging up.
It was this: Peter who was punished for everything for half his life, brave enough to state his feelings. It was the fear in his eyes but the daring sparkle that mixed with it. It was a promise that neither of them spelled out because it would be too big, too daunting. Peter would try. He would try and he would dare and he would succeed, eventually.
"I- I can't- not right now-", he gasped out miserably. It was too much. All of it. Peter wanted to push Tony away, to wipe this look out of his face that made everything in Peter ache for hope, for love, for more.
Peter thought about calling the cops and turning him in but he had foolishly displayed his powers and if he called the police he'd have to explain them, which would blow his anonymity. He had to solve this another way. Peter crouched down and grabbed a hold of the ski mask, pulling it off. The man underneath looked like he was somewhere in his thirties, his skin was grey and his cheeks hollow, eyes rimmed with dark circles. Peter pointed the gun at his face. He didn't need to check if he still had ammunition, the man's expression gave it away. It was terrified.
Instead he took the clothes Wade picked out for him. Now he wished that he had really looked at the clothes before agreeing to wear them.
"I don't think so. I've got my orders. ", Gwen shrugged simply.
"What?", he asked, uncertain about what exactly Tony ment.
"Peter. I'm Peter.", he replied the same time that Bucky called out his name. "I'm coming.", he called over his shoulder before returning his attention to the girl.
"Fuck you!", Peter hissed before turning on his heels and storming back to the door that led downstairs.
Bucky seemed to consider his answer for a moment before replying:"He should be fine right now. He's not in pain, he's not afraid, he isn't a danger to himself. And giving him that space right now could help with his... perception of us."
"Well, I try my best.", Natasha nodded and to Tony surprise she seemed a little nervous. Like she didn't want to say the wrong thing. Like she wanted Peter to like her, which was a new look on Natasha. She normally didn't care what people thought of her.
"You hate it.", Wade stated when he showed it to Peter. He was grinning like a little child.
Natasha couldn't understand how he could be a genius and an idiot at the same time. "HYDRA doesn't care for their people, they have sacrificed people in the past. And even if this isn't a plan, he could still be programmed. A sleeper agent without knowing it. What if they activate him? What if he goes rogue like James? What then?" They didn't have an answer to that because there wasn't one. "I'm trying to protect you here.", Natasha added, softer this time. That was truly her only attention, to protect Tony, Steve
Okay, I'll try to bring you the next half of this chapter as quickly as possible. I'm not super experienced in writing action so it might take a bit but I'm very excited and I hope you're, too.
"I love you, too, Peter. You know that,  right? You know that nothing is as important as you. ", Tony told him. Peter's eyes became glassy and he started to blink rapidly before quickly looking away.
"Are you sure? You seem a little...out of it.",
"Yeah... whatever.", Peter mused. "What about the boy? Harley? You seem close. Is he your replacement child?" Peter regretted asking the second he saw Tony's face fall. This was definitely the wrong thing to say.
So they let Peter have his space. Until it was three hours later and they still hadn't heard anything from him. By then Wade's inner voices had worn him down so much that he couldn't hold himself back any longer. He made sure that the others didn't see when he walked up to Peter's bedroom door. He knocked first, he'd never just barge in on him. When he didn't get a reply he knocked again and called out Peter's name. Still, nothing.  Maybe Peter was just ignoring him but Wade had a feeling. A feeling that screamed
"Whatever." , Peter sighed, pulling a face and for a second Wade feared that Peter was about to budge, drop the topic, retreat back into himself. But no, surprise again, Peter wasn't ready to drop the topic, yet. "That's not what I wanna talk about anyways. I get why you're doing it and I appreciate it, I really do. That's why it's so hard to explain why I need you to stop doing it. The three feet distance you keep, the overcorrected movements, the announcing what you'll do next, the meaningful looks with Tony and Steve, it's all kind of driving me nuts.", he explained, an urgency in his voice that was new and thrilling, because it sounded alive and sharp and much more honest than his usually too calm demeanor.
"Natasha... isn't that the Black Widow?", he asked and to Tony's surprise he didn't seem all that bothered by the appearance of a stranger in his safe house. That didn't mean that Tony was okay with her just showing up here.
"Well, I can't be sure about what you do and don't know. ", MJ added with a teasing tone at which Peter let out a dry sarcastic laugh. MJ only chuckled at that but she quickly got somber again. "For real, though. You'll probably get cancer when you're 40."
"Not really a who, baby-boy. Helgen is a town in Skyrim and Alduin is the dragon that destroys it.", Wade then explained kindly.
"Are you mocking me?", Wade asked instead and a frown appeared on Peter's face.
"Nothing.", Bucky replied, too quickly. He looked back at the street, pretended that he hadn't stared. Peter didn't fall for it.
"You can have the file but that's it and if you wanna read it, I'm not stopping you. I just doubt that he'd like that. Maybe let him make the choice, he rarely got to do that. "
"Yeah...in case you ever want to talk to them or just send them a message or... what does Wade call them? A me-me."
"I honest to god don't know how it's pronounced", Peter stated and there was something that looked like amusement in his expression, a slight curl of his lip. His eyes were still focused on the contacts, though.
He only left Peter by himself for a few minutes to alert the others that his withdrawal had set in. When they returned to his bedroom the door was locked.
He woke up five days later in the med-bay at the Avengers-facility upstate. The last few days were a blur. Wade and Tony filled him in on what happened after he passed out.
"I'll cut your hair. You look like a sasquatch.", he announced. "Unless that makes you uncomfortable."
They moved along the dark dingy hallways of the factory as a union. It was riddled with HYDRA agents and soon the noise of the battle drowned out Wade's boxes. There was only the fight, only sweat, blood and fury. He slashed through skin, flesh and bone, he tore them to pieces, those people that dared to take what was his.
"I promise."
Wade made a point to make all his movements as predictable and non threatening as possible, as always.
But now that Peter wasn't at HYDRA anymore this became a possibility. Falling in love. Going on dates. Being into each other. He just hadn't realized that yet.
Wade was a wreck in the mornings, guilt, shame and disgust at the things he did eating away at him. He wouldn't be able to keep it together in front of Peter, he'd break and tell him the truth and fuck everything up for Peter. He couldn't do that to him.
Peter cracked a small smile before nodding. "Yeah I feel that. "
I hope you enjoyed this chapter and leave a comment as well!
"Peter?!", Tony asked, sounding hopeful.
. No sunshine without rain.
"Peter-", he called out but Peter wasn't done yet.
"Are we lashing out now?", he asked, raising one of his eyebrows but Peter shook his head.
He heard a familiar voice yell for him:"Peter, don't make this harder than it has to be!" One of the agents, Peter's throat closed up.
"That's normal, it'll take a while for it to sink in. You'll soon realize that all this pain you're feeling right now, it's an echo, it will fade. All the agony, all the horrors you went through, they will melt away eventually and you'll be at peace. ", Vanessa explained patiently.
"Fuck... Should've seen this coming.", Wade sighed, rubbing his hand over his masked face. "I guess you deserve to know but... it was quite the feat to even get him here. He's- he's really scared of getting rejected by you and I think he might be trying to get ahead of that. Can't be disappointed if you don't expect anything. ", the other male explained.
"Quit spewing this tumblr-shit, Spidey. ", he spat and Peter glanced over at him with raised eyebrows.
"He's managing us.", he blurted out without any context. Steve looked up from his laptop with his eyebrows drawn together.
"Better. For now. He's asleep.", he replied but neither Stark nor the Captain seemed relieved by that so Wade went into an explanation of what went down. He kept it as brief as possible, holding back all the gory details. "I got him lucid, got him to take a bath and sleep in his bed. We talked for a bit, too but he was too tired in the end. Bottom line is, I'm staying here."
Peter probably still felt like he owed him, that's the only reason he could guess for why the boy felt so uncomfortable doing this.
Whatever Peter was looking for in Bucky's face, he seemed to find it eventually. "I want to go outside, onto the roof.", he finally replied.
"Sorry...I didn't mean it like that.", he mumbled.
"Mr Parker?", she asked with a tilt of her head and Bucky returned her smile. Peter couldn't really bring up the energy to do the same but he tried to look less dead inside and more neutral.
Peter's eyes moved to Natasha. She was watching him but he had trouble reading the expression on her face.
"Nothing I didn't experience myself. As you said, recognition.", Bucky shrugged. Peter didn't say anything for a while, he just stared, expression turning unreadable.
"I'll believe it when I see it.", he said instead before turning on his heals and heading for the exit, Tony close behind him.
"Peter! You said you'd bring it up!", MJ groaned.
Natasha didn't react to Peter's words at first, still exchanging meaningful looks with Steve. Finally she let out a short sigh. "Fine, but you behave. And no leaving the cell for now."
Her eyes drifted to the floor, they were filled with so much guilt and horror and it tore Peter up inside.
"Nahh, that wasn't convincing at all, baby boy! Next time with a bit more passion.", Wade tried to joke and he did actually get Peter to smile at him but it didn't quite reach his eyes.
the answer.
"You're kidding.", Tony stated but there was a crack in his voice, like he already knew the truth.
"God... what would I do without you.", Tony smiled lightly before they heard someone clear their throat.
Even though Tony was scared shitless, convinced that he wasn't ready, that he would fuck him up somehow, he loved his son more than anything in the world. Peter made Tony believe that he could be better, that he wasn't beyond repair, that there was more to life than working and partying.  Peter made Tony better. And then Peter died.
"How's she doing?", Tony asked. Natasha and him had removed themselves from Peter's and Gwen's reunion, going to the kitchen to give the two some space. Natasha had made them both a coffee.
"You're doing it again.", Steve stated, sounding exasperated.
1 thing he could taste. Bile.
"Right. Then I guess I just didn't want to talk to you.", he shrugged before raising his eyes towards the sky again. The sun would start to set in an hour or two but right now it was still warm and sunny. Wade looked around for a way to climb up there as well but the roof was still pretty high up and he wouldn't manage to jump up there from the window.
"You got me a phone?", Peter asked, as he turned it on.
"You are just as blind as you were with Barnes."
"What?", Wade breathed out.
COMMENT YOUR THOUGHTS,  PLS
"All I'm saying is that it's a safety risk. We know that HYDRA brainwashes people. We can't know if there isn't something-", she proceeded calmly when Tony jumped up from his chair and cut her off.
"You gave her to SHIELD?!", He snarled, rage bubbling up in him.
"That thing where you're taking the easy way out by punishing yourself.", Steve explained as if that was obvious. As if any of this was easy, as if Tony was fucking enjoying himself.
"Fun fact.", he announced at some point, his voice muffled by his stuffed cheeks:"Waffles were the first food I ate after HYDRA. Wade took me to a waffle house."
"Then I might take it off every once in a while.", he smiled.
The boy was kneeling right next to him in a pool of blood. Wade wasn't sure if it was his own or that of the agents. It didn't matter though because the truly concerning part was Peter's state of mind.
Peter wasn't sure what he was expecting to hear. That Tony was sick of him? That he regretted taking him in? That he should've stayed with HYDRA? "I just don't want to do wrong by him but... Pepper, I don't know what to do! I- You know what I'm like, you know what I've been like. I can't- I don't know what the right thing is- I don't-", his voice broke off then and Peter watched him lower his head again.
He ran, something he han't done in ages and normally had no desire to do but right now it felt... needed. He just ran aimlessly through DC, blasting music through his headphones, almost loud enough to cover the voices of his boxes. Almost. He ran until it was dark, until his legs were numb and his lungs on fire. He just managed to get back to the apartment before crashing onto the couch and falling asleep instantly.
With trembling fingers he went to remove the scrubs he was still wearing. He needed to change into the clothes Wade bought him. He dropped the shirt on the ground and took off his pants too with his eyes still closed. Only once he stood up straight again, he opened them.
There was something thick at the back of his throat, maybe his rotten insides had turned liquid. When he coughed it up, it splattered all over his face and when Peter reached for it, his fingers came away red. Blood.
The boy watched him, blinked, then nodded. He then tried to push himself off the floor just to let out a hiss. "Mind if I help you?" The kid hesitated, glanced down at himself and then at the bed that was a couple of feet away. He let out a sigh and something like resignation settled on his face. He nodded slowly and Bucky carefully moved to pick him up again. The boy went slack in his arms but Bucky had a feeling that it was from anything but relaxation.
"I know but I promise I just...", he started but then his voice broke off. His eyes darted around the room for a moment until they landed on Bucky again and this time he wasn't quite as closed off as before. "This room is suffocating me, I feel trapped.", he said and it sounded like a confession. A painful one. Still, Bucky was hesitant. Peter was seemingly done with the withdrawal
"It's okay... I promise...", he whispered before a cough shook through him. The blood he spat splattered onto Gwen's face.
That was the end of the conversation, Bucky knew it, heard it in the finality of the boy's tone. Peter had said all that he could, for now. It was progress but now Bucky was back to waiting.
Sure enough, ten minutes later, the results were in, the testing process got pretty quick over the years to waste as little time as possible.
"So what's the plan today?", Peter asked after they took to the road again. He'd been quite silent after he returned from the bathroom. Wade was worried, obviously.
"Did you do this?", Peter asked, trying to lift his head to get a better look but quickly failing.
Tears were streaming down her cheeks and landing on Peter's face. "It's okay... ", he whispered, reaching for one of her hands, she shakily took his and tried to stiffle her sobs. "Hey...Look at me... it's okay...", Peter told her, even though it wasn't,  even though he didn't want to die. He put on a brave face, smiled at her as his body was slowly shutting down. This wasn't about him.
"I'm just goofin' ya.", Wade laughed softly. He had a pleasant laugh, deep, warm. It felt like a soft blanket for Peter's nerves. If that was how it felt to be calm he could get used to it.
It was a relief.
"Queer?", Peter asked since that word wasn't included in MJ's previous explanation.
Once they arrived at the car cinema they were stopped by the lady who sold the tickets. "16,98 ~ please.", the woman said and Peter suddenly remembered every romcom he ever watched that told him that he was supposed to pay for her. Bucky had given him some cash so he reached for his wallet.
"Peter, I-", he started to protest but Peter wouldn't let him finish. His eyes focused on the file on the desk.
"Thanks, Gwen.", with that everything faded to black and Peter fell into a soothing dreamless slumber.
Tony leapt from his chair and saw Peter freeze, his eyes locked on the ground before quickly glancing at Tony. There was real, honest to God horror in his eyes and next thing Tony knew was that Peter let himself fall to his knees, not caring that some of the shards cut into his legs.
"Come on, I'll help you-", he stepped towards him but Peter flinched so hard he almost shattered the window.
"In what regard?", Wade asked even though he could've made a pretty good guess.
By the time they reached the apartment , Tony made no attempt to hide his trembling. If Peter wasn't on the other side of that door he might just spontaneously combust. Steve knocked. One second passed, two, three, on the fourth the door was pulled open and Barnes greeted them. He said something but Tony felt like his head was under water. He led them into the apartment, one step, two, three and there he was, Peter, sitting on the livingroom couch, looking so absolutely normal and okay that Tony wanted to bawl his eyes out on the spot. "Peter-", Tony gasped, heading for his son on instinct. He realized a second too late what he was doing and by then Peter already tensed up, bracing himself for whatever was to come. Tony lowered his arms, taking a few steps back. "Sorry, I didn't mean to-", he stammered but Peter already shook his head.
"So you knew, didn't you try to stop him?", Wade asked, only a little accusatory.
The boy in his bed took up his mind like nothing had in a while. Bucky tried to figure out what had happened to him. His injuries didn't look man-made. More like he was run over by a truck half a dozen times.
And the promise, the implication, that somewhere, wherever in the world he was right now, Peter was thinking about Wade just like Wade was thinking about Peter.
He then quietly sang the rhymes he came up with right after his transition.
"I don't know. I never thought of it before. Maybe I am.", he stammered before quickly picking up his clothes and heading for the bathroom. Apparently he was done with the topic.
His eyes wandered over to the HYDRA file that was placed on a desk next to him. Steve told him that HYDRA had Peter all along. The man that found him, Deadpool, said the same. But he refused to give them more details.
Worry set in, what happened to Wade, did they kill him? Did they take him with them? Did they-
He looked out the window and only saw light, nothing else. Somehow it wasn't blinding, it was warm and inviting.
"Impressive, isn't it?", Keipon smiled at Gwen before reaching out for her and placing his hands on her shoulders. "It turned out more difficult to scrape her brains out. We had to get creative with her. She's still your lovely Gwen, just with different... priorities. We just needed to shift her worldview, flip it around a little. And of course our biggest improvement, no trigger words, remote activation. This way we just had to serve her to you on a silverplatter and wait until you settled around her. ", he explained proudly.
In the end MJ was staring at him with wide eyes, filled with horror. "You're not making this up, are you?", she asked, her voice barely above a whisper, a deep frown on her face.
"Is it true, what you said, did you try to kill yourself?", she asked him after a while. Now it was Peter's turn to feel ashamed.
"I don't know. I'm just trying to keep some sense of normalcy.", Wade shrugged but Tony had already diverted his attention.
"You had a nightmare.", Peter stated. He was sitting in bed, his legs pulled to his chest and chin placed on his knees. He looked better than a few hours ago when Wade had found him. Clean and a little more rested, not as feral and bloody. Peter's face was expressionless, like so often and Wade wondered, if he was naturally that way or if HYDRA did that to him.
"Shut up.", he said, his tone sharp and bitter. He still couldn't see Peter's face but there was something dangerous about him.
There was just something about hearing that from MJ, someone that didn't owe Peter anything, that just hit different. It didn't suddenly make him believe in her words but it struck a chord in Peter and Peter was incredibly thankful for her.
"Is that all?", Peter then asked and he didn't sound like himself at all. His voice was rough, cracking, again, an indication for screaming, for panic that he had endured. But the tone of the voice was detached, bored. It was like a punch to the gut.
Wade pushed the voice aside. This wasn't like Peter which ment... "Shit!", Wade cursed under his breath. He had been right, it was Gwen,
Sometimes he was screaming when he woke up, sometimes he was crying, sometimes he was just empty, like he was trapped in the void between sleep and being awake. Sometimes Wade was in his room, sometimes Tony, depending on how loud he was, who heard him first.
"Wade, how completely unpredictable. What are you doing here?", Fake-Peter asked sarcastically and even though Wade knew that it wasn't him the sound of his voice still made his heart ache.
Or maybe he was testing the waters, see how far he could take it, where the limits were. But it manifested as him being an angsty ass.
"Yeah. How is Peter? ", Natasha asked. It wasn't the first time, she checked in on Peter regularly even if Peter didn't want to know anything about that. Her concern extended to him as well.
He never quite figured it out though. Why could certain deaths be prevented and others couldn't? Why couldn't Lady Death bring someone back from the dead? Why couldn't he die? Those were all questions that he had asked her. He always got the same reply.
"Last words are weird like that. One might feel the urge to forgive and resolve everything before their death, even if they don't mean it.", Tony suggested.
"Peter, we need you to calm down", Steve stated, his tone bold and authoritative. Peter flinched back but his anger seemed unwavering. Wade wasn't sure if it was as easy as making a command.
"If this story is supposed to be encouraging you're doing a real shit job.", Peter stated and Bucky smirked at that.
"How? I'd do almost anything.", he agreed desperately. Peter wanted to be whole so badly. He wanted to be good, he wanted to behave.
"I'll offer a hug.", Tony stated carefully. "You don't have to, if you don't want-", he clarified but it turned out to be unnecessary because Peter immediately launched himself into Tony's arms, wrapping his arms around Tony's torso so tightly that he might crack a rib.
"I didn't survive the war, remember?", Bucky replied, a sad smile pulling at his lips. When he looked over at Peter he expected the boy to not face him, to stare out the window again. He wasn't prepared to have Peter's full attention. His huge dark eyes staring right back at Bucky. They weren't empty or cold. They were... understanding. And
,  and she was
Steve never met Peter Stark, the boy disappeared before Steve
"You feel that your curls are cute?", Wade chuckled and Peter rolled with his eyes but still kept on smiling.
"You weren't-? You didn't-?", she repeated, her voice toneless. Peter thought that maybe she was mocking him but it didn't sound like it.
To his shock Peter chuckled at that. It was a hollow and rattling sound and the smile didn't reach his eyes. "Shit... sorry about that..."
"You know, I got you.", the woman said before pausing for a second. "Tony, how are you dealing with all of this?"
A beat of silence. Wade wanted to look away, to hide, there was something incredibly unsettling about Peter's empty stare. Wade didn't cower though. "It's more complicated than that.", Peter sighed, one of the only indications of Peter's emotions. It sounded frustrated. Peter looked away, out of the window and he stayed silent for a while. His eyebrows furrowed slightly. It seemed like he wanted to say something but struggled with the words. Then, finally:"You're important to me, Wade." He sounded pained. Like this admission was too much and Wade couldn't take it. Not like this.
Peter picked out clothes and asked Gwen for her opinion. She was about as helpful as Peter had been the first time Wade took Peter shopping. Peter wasn't sure, if this was irony or karma or whatever the fuck but it sucked.
"Oh yeah, I got shot a couple of hours ago.", Peter replied with a smirk, pulling up his shirt with his free hand. Revealing the white bandaid Bucky had applied before they drove here.
They followed the same procedure they always did when they were looking for a place to sleep. They looked up the worst rated motel near their destination and picked that one.  It was most likely cheap and not so busy that it made Peter anxious. So far it had worked fine and this time it seemed to be the same. The place they picked was called Watson's motel and it was just at the side of a highway a few miles away from McWay Falls. Bucky called ahead and asked, if they had any free rooms, which they did, so they decided to stay there.
Well, there was a reason Peter didn't grant himself any hope. Even if everything seemed fine at first, it always backfired.
"Yeah, you could say that." He avoided showering and bathing for days now, only scarcely cleaning himself in the sink and he knew that he was disgusting. He knew that he smelled and that this wasn't healthy. "But I'll have to do it eventually, don't I...", he then said with a weak laugh, wrapping his arms around his shivering body. The wounds on his arms stung when he came into contact with them but he didn't ease up.
Again, silence, while Peter seemed to struggle with himself. "I'm scared.", he then admitted and Bucky's chest tightened.
They stopped at a diner around noon when Bucky voiced his own hunger. He wasn't really all that hungry, he had eaten before they left. Peter on the other hand hadn't eaten since last night when Wade got him to eat a sandwich. Now his stomach was growling pretty loudly, even though Peter seemed to silently ignore his own hunger. "Hungry?", Bucky asked at some point and Peter shook his head, obviously lying. So Bucky announced his own hunger and kept his eyes open for a roadstop. They finally stopped at a gas station with a diner attached. Except for them there was only one lone trucker there but they still picked the booth in the last corner. Peter sat with his eyes to the door and Buck was sure that that wasn't a coincidence.
"That's sweet, a sweet sweet mistake.", Wade grinned cheekily before going off to get Peter something as well.
That got an instant reaction. The boy flinched and sat up before letting out a pained gasp. He wrapped his arm around his torso as his whole body shook with panic.
With Keipon and the guards gone only Peter and Gwen were left. She charged at him, determined, singleminded, focused on the task. Peter couldn't even begin to dodge her, couldn't even duck in time, she once again smashed the handle of her gun against the side of Peter's head. But this time it sent him flying to the ground.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry-", Peter only repeated and Wade got the feeling that the boy wasn't really there anymore.  Maybe he was having a flashback, maybe he didn't even hear Wade's words.
"Thing is, I think I might be... But I don't know. I'm sort of a difficult person to be around. Like, I'm hardly able to lead any kind of normal relationship. I also don't know if he's even into me. " The words just spilled out of him, ever since his date with MJ he couldn't stop thinking about Wade,  about their relationship, about if Peter could even imagine being in a relationship like that. It felt good to let it out after it had been festering inside of him for days.
"Are we having emotions again?", Wade asked and Peter snapped his head up. Furrowed brows, lips pulled into a snear. The expression on his face was pretty damn clear now. Peter was pissed.
Bucky wasn't sure how exactly this happened. One moment he was driving home after a visit to the compound upstate. The next he saw someone laying on the side of the street.
"Yeah. But Peter can. What if they register him as a threat? What if he gets caught in the crossfire? What then?" That seemed to shut Wade up but Bucky wasn't done yet. "And even if you get him out, what then? You're making Peter a fugitive. You'd be on the run. Maybe you can live like this, I don't know you well enough to be the judge of that, but do you think Peter could? Do you think he could bear being on the run? Always having to look over his shoulder? I've been there! It fucking sucks! Especially when you can't trust yourself! Do you really want that for him?"
"I don't know what a sasquatch is but I guess it ain't good.", Peter commented before reaching into his hair and pulling down a single strand to look at it. "And I don't mind. It's bothering me anyways."
"Peter?", Bucky called out, stepping into the bedroom. Peter, pretending that he hadn't listened to the whole conversation, didn't react, like he was too deep in thought. "Peter.", Bucky repeated, his tone careful.
Peter didn't pull away, though. He just stared Wade down and then his eyes lowered to Wade's lips, just for a split second and this couldn't be real, it couldn't be true. Peter was leaning in and Wade was on fire.
"You've seen his life, you know that he deserves a chance to be happy, you know that he has suffered enough. ", Wade explained before finally reaching out and wrapping his arms around her.
"Or maybe it was the 24/7 panic.", Wade smirked slightly before carefully lifting Peter and putting him into the center of the bed, his head resting on the pillows. Peter was too tired to protest and he didn't really care at the moment.
Peter let his hand slide through his hair nervously. "Yeah...Wade gave me a new haircut."
"Peter...", Wade whispered into the silence. Peter wasn't looking at him, his eyes were glassy and unseeing, darting around frantically, his chest was heaving and even now he was still clawing at his skin, digging his wounds deeper and deeper.
"You seem a bit hopeless.", Deadpool said and Peter shrugged, eating some more waffles.
"What did she do to you?", Peter whispered and Wade could feel Peter's thumb brush against his cheek.
"That's all of them.", Bucky then announced. It weren't half the questions he wanted to ask but he feared that more would overwhelm him. "Now, let me answer some questions you might have. My name is Bucky Barnes, I used to be one of HYDRA's Assets but I escaped about 3 years ago. You are in my apartment in Brooklyn. You're safe here. I found you by the side of a road, you were pretty banged up. Your right arm was broken, your left leg was fractured in two places and I'm pretty sure your kneecap was shattered, you might've also had some cracked ribs, I couldn't really use an X-ray on you. No idea how you even got to the spot where I found you. Anyways, you're already healing and judging by how things are going you should be fine again in a couple of days. I'd prefer to keep you in bed until your leg is mostly stable again. Would that be okay?"
Death watched him like a hawk before slowly taking a step closer, then another one, until she pressed her body against his and wrapped her arms around his neck. She was so cold.
"No! You're not, you're good, it's me...",MJ quickly exclaimed before her voice suddenly broke off. She seemed to need a moment to gather herself so Peter waited. Once she started to speak again she avoided Peter's eyes. "I- I have kissed guys in the past but I never felt anything and I thought maybe I just didn't like them? But I really like you and I thought maybe-"
"Peter!", Tony groaned, burying his face in his hands. Of course Peter would think that, even if there was absolutely no reason for it.
"And what then?"
With a shrug he lowered his hands and returned his eyes towards Wade. "I'll heal.", he said, like it was the most obvious thing in the world, like all of this wasn't awful.
His voice was crackly and faint, just like back then, from all the screaming. But it made Gwen laugh. He couldn't see her, she wasn't even in the same room, but both their enhanced hearing helped them to still be there for each other.
"We looked you up. We won't let just anyone interact with my son.", Tony said with a shrug and Wade's eyebrows shot up.
Wade started to talk about this and that, obviously trying to fill the awkward silence which Peter was pretty thankful for. He wasn't a good talker, Wade was, he could just talk about nothing for hours when you needed him to. Even if the stuff he was talking about sometimes didn't even make sense to Peter, he just liked listening to Wade talk. He had a very pleasant voice. Right now he was talking about how if Disney bought the Avengers he'd like them to cast Robert Downey Jr as Tony. Peter had no idea who that was or why they'd buy the Avengers but it was a hundred times nicer to listen to him than silence.
"You hate water.", Bucky pointed out. He knew of Peter's issues with baths and showers, he had calmed down Peter from several water induced panic attacks already.
Tell me your thoughts on the chapter! Nothing motivates me more than your comments!
"We'll talk it out later but I have a hunch that you won't like it.", Tony said sheepishly.
, she took Peter. "Shit! Fuck! I knew it!",he exclaimed, reaching for his head.
That was the third truth.
"You didn't exaggerate when you said you eat a lot, how the fuck are you so skinny?", MJ asked after they returned to the car. She herself had gotten herself a vegan burger with large fries and a diet coke while Peter, as promised, got himself a cheese-, a chicken- and a regular burger, just to try out all the options, and also large fries, a coke and some frozen yoghurt.
"You're trespassing.", he mumbled, still silently praying that she'd just leave him alone to bathe in his misery.
"Brava! I'm so touched! For a second I forgot that I have no heart!", Wade chuckled as he applauded Peter and Peter cracked a smile as well.
"You did?", he asked,  his mouth suddenly  very dry. Peter didn't seem to notice it, though.
"And how did we meet?", Bucky asked, trying to change the subject. The smile faded and made way for the blankness. Bucky didn't know what he hated more.
Wade was sitting on the unused bed , his hands folded in his lap. Peter only now noticed that he wasn't wearing his red and black suit but instead a pair of worn black jeans and golden-girls t-shirt. He looked younger like this, his wide shoulders hunched forward, biting his lip nervously. "You took off the bandages.", Wade pointed out.
Tony believed him, and as much as he hated lying to Peter, he didn't want to put anymore guilt on his son. That left them with one more problem.
There were a couple of rules that manifested themselves quite quickly. Kid kept to the bed unless he had to go to the bathroom. Bucky didn't help him up, he didn't change his bandages, Kid did that himself until he didn't need them anymore. Bucky didn't touch Kid at all. This was a no no. It didn't surprise Bucky. He hated people touching him, too. Especially strangers. He was getting better at it, but he rarely found any comfort in touch.
"Don't yell at him!", Bucky snapped and this time MJ flinched back.
His hand barely touched the boy's shoulder and he flinched violently but at least his gaze cleared up. His eyes were frantic now, as they stared around before landing on Wade and widening extremely. He looked horrified. Wade realized too late why.
But not that day and Bucky quickly realized why. Next to the bed was a suitcase and in the suitcase was a pile of notebooks and one of those notebooks was in Kid's lap. He hadn't noticed Bucky entering, he was actually reading this time.
"Love that. And no, I trust you to not take advantage of my compassion."
"Gwen- Where did you get a gun?", he asked carefully, raising his hands to signal that he wasn't a threat.
"Whatever you feel comfortable with,  kid.", Tony replied with a soft smile.
"Hypothetically! I know I'm paranoid but I can hardly change that on the spot. Come on, humor me. ", he pleaded and he could see Wade consider his words until he finally caved in.
"Yeah, the two important lessons of life, how to kill the mood and how to kill. Period.", he returned.
"No. Maybe we'll just drive around.", Peter shrugged. He followed Wade's line of sight and looked out as well.
"Nothing easier than that.", Peter said sarcastically before leaning back in his chair and taking a drag of his cigarette.
I waited so long for this chapter,  I have literally planned this months ago,  PLEASE TELL ME YOUR THOUGHTS!
Unfortunately, this wasn't a fairytale and wishes didn't come true.
"You're Vanessa.", he realized and a wide grin spread on her lips.
"I have orders.", Gwen repeated what she had told Peter.
Peter held Bucky's gaze, he didn't back down now. He dropped his arm and just stared, and like before in the bedroom Bucky felt like Peter was considering, if he should tell Bucky the truth. "You asked what I want, what I
It started to feel more real, that their journey would eventually end. Peter didn't like thinking about it. He hoped that they still had a little time left. The feeling of dread couldn't be stopped, though.
"I know, that doesn't mean that he didn't love you. I know he didn't get to say it back, but he did. You can love more than one person at a time.", she replied and Peter couldn't believe how kind she was.
"So I don't have a mother?", the question was casual, too casual for the topic but Tony seemed to pick up on that and only froze for a split second.
"You could give him a call, y'know." Wade let out another groan, his hands running over his face.
Peter just grit his teeth and let her drag him off the jet. Outside they were met by HYDRA guards, faceless goons dressed in black from head to toe, their weapons locked and loaded, ready to end Peter, if he made a wrong move.
"And that's basically all of it.", Tony finished. He had just given Natasha an hour long jumbled explanation of what had happened.
He needed to be good.
So, this is a very emotion heavy chapter, tell me what you thought of it in the comments! Especially about Peter's and Gwen's relationship! I also promise some Wade and Peter content in the next one!
"I'm good. Really. I had a nightmare and I didn't want to wake you but I'm good... I'm sorry...", he replied. For once he seemed to be the calm and collected one of the two. Even now that Bucky could see him he still seemed all wired up, he looked Peter over again and again. Peter didn't immediately understand what he was doing until he noticed that Bucky's eyes lingered at his wrists.
"Let's not pretend that this has to be more than it is. You didn't
But when it came down to it, Bucky had made his decision before he even knew Peter's name, before Peter even said a single word to him. Bucky knew exactly what he'd do.
"Come on...whatever it is, I promise I won't be mad.", Peter said and it seemed so easy to Wade. How Peter could just make this promise without having any idea what Wade did, what he thought, how he felt.
"I was in the pool.", Peter shrugged, looking up at Bucky again.
"GET AWAY FROM ME!", he screamed before he could hold back. Wade jumped back and Peter hated himself.
A short glance over at Bucky told Peter that his eyes were still firmly focused on the road. He had mostly given up on getting Peterto talk to him. At least for now. Granted, Peter had participated in the conversation as well but now he had grown rather tired of it.
It seemed to work. Peter turned his phone off and let it disappear in one of the pockets of his hoodie, before glancing over at Bucky. "Thank you.", he said and even though he still sounded tired, drained, a little too empty, he also sounded genuine.
"No, of course not...", Tony softly shook his head. Peter wrapped his arms around his body tightly before nodding shakily.
"Yes, I've located one at the centre as well."
"I don't care, just give him back to us.", he pleaded and Death flashed a wide grin.
The jet, his father, Steve, blue sky in front of them, the soft fabric of his sweatpants between his fingers, the noise of the engine, a bitter taste in his mouth. He focused on everything he could see and feel until he felt like he was in his body again.
"Great, that's great.", he nodded, pulling out his phone. Peter eyed it nervously but when Bucky held it out for him, Steve's number already selected, he took it and pressed call. "Steve, it's me, Peter."
"If you need anything just ask.", Tony nodded as they got up.
Wade couldn't remember what the dream was about but when he woke up with a racing heart and in cold sweat he figured that it must've been a nightmare. It took him a few seconds to orient himself but then his eyes fell on Peter and he remembered. He was in Peter's room, in Malibu, and he'd stay here, because Peter wanted him to stay. His heart skipped a beat.
When he looked left and right he could see Tony blasting a man's face away, Steve smashing bones with his shield, Bucky taking out man after man with his guns. It was intoxicating.
"Gwen still doesn't want to see him.", Tony replied and Wade nodded knowingly.
