"We're not going to have a repeat of last time are we?" Steve asked as they sat down. "Oh come on, you know you enjoyed carrying me." Tony laughed. "Oh yeah, because carrying a blind drunk man up twelve flights of stairs is just my idea of fun." The soldier said, rolling his eyes and laughing. "Hey, you're the one who decided to take the stairs, and let me just say, it wasn't much fun for me either. You may be ripped, but that doesn't mean you're soft." The brunette muttered, remembering the pain in his hips that he felt the next day.
Even so, it was Tony who spoke first. No matter what else, he was even worse with silence. “You ready?”
“Hey, Stevie!” Bucky called from the elevator, his metal hand keeping the door from closing again. “Sam and Clint wanna go out, buy a few more drinks. They need more hands, apparently. You coming along?”
Now, Steve had made it a personal rule not to instantly freak out in these situations. They really weren’t as rare as he’d like them to be and with Tony being their front line, he logically ended up in danger the most. But he always pushed through, always came out on the other side, and that was all that mattered.
He didn’t know how to answer him. He knew that, if nothing else but the two of them existed, he could be happy. But the light of day would change everything. This had happened so fast, without any real ground to stand on, and that made it very breakable. So he decided to be honest with him. “I don’t know.”
Steve had done some talking, too. About becoming Captain America, about the war, about what Bucky’s friendship had meant to him when no one else had ever looked at him twice. About how hard it had been to find his place here, in this new time.
“Not old. And I don’t think you need one.” Steve continued working over him, his lips and his tongue sliding up and down, licking and sucking him until Tony’s cock twitched with interest.
Natasha was kinda out of it, but she brought a shaking hand down, gasping a second later. They moved in a perfect rhythm, back and forth, and Bucky moaned when her inner walls gripped him tight as she came. The words ‘I love you’ were spilling out when he came as well. He probably said something that was close to her name but came out as mostly growling, and collapsed on top of her, both of them swallowing gulps of air.
How could Tony regret hooking up with him when he was acting so sweet and affectionate? And how could he basically just tell Steve it'd been a mistake without even thinking of Steve's feelings? What kind of a person did he take Steve for?
Tony looked at Steve for a long, reflective moment before nodding his agreement. “Yeah, all good,” he replied, and—it was. If he just needed to tone down his antics a bit to make this work… It was a small price to pay if it meant he’d get to be with Steve. And if Steve got fed up with him, after all, well… at least they’d tried, and it couldn’t really get worse than his life had been after Ultron.
Steve breathed in, put the shield back on his back holder. “Then we know where we have to go. We’ll get you back to New York, then Sam and I will—”
He’d told every one of his employees at LUX to go home for the night. By tomorrow, they’d all be informed that the club had closed for good, leaving them with an over-the-top compensation that should keep them afloat for the next year or so.
Tony’s head jerked up the second Steve barrelled through the door. And the second their eyes clashed, the most potent wave of sadness Steve had ever felt flooded his veins, weighing down on him.
As he was thinking up an answer that would sound both flattered, positive but not too enthusiastic, Tony spoke those last words, and a familiar sensation took over.
“You were always weirdly optimistic,” he said with a grin, drawing meaningless patterns on Steve’s chest. When he looked up, his eyes twinkled challengingly. “By the way, don’t think I didn’t notice. Thanks ever so for thinking I’d ditch you right after sex. I might be an asshole, but not even I’d pull off something like that.”
And yet, all of the luxuries paled in comparison to the time he could freely spend with Tony. There wasn’t one day Steve had regretted his decision. All of this… It all felt a lot like dreaming.
“Not anymore, you don’t,” Tony chimed in. He walked around the kitchen counter, coffee mug in one hand, the other around Steve’s shoulder as he leaned against him.
He tried keeping himself upright after, but it was proving difficult and entirely impossible once Tony pulled at his shoulders. He dropped down on Tony’s chest, breathing him in as he brushed his fingers across the sweaty skin.
that. Ross is using his case to make a statement, that’s true. And sure, it’s not exactly the noble way to do it, but this has been in the works even before Bucky, Steve, and we can’t ignore it just because the situation doesn’t feel right.”
A cold, callous breeze filtered through the air. Steve matched his gaze with such intensity that Tony didn’t know if he wanted to hit him, scream at him, kiss him, or rip his head off. It certainly wasn’t the first time he’d felt this way and he guessed it wouldn’t be the last.
A warm and familiar hand tugged him to a comforting side. “Don’t get nervous,” Steve murmured into his ear and chuckled. “I’m ninety percent sure it’s part of the tour.”
Stane regarded him for a brief moment, and Steve could pinpoint the exact moment the guy realized he may have been underestimating him. Too late. "I mean exactly what you think I mean, Mr. Rogers. I will not tolerate a
Another distant few seconds. Steve stood stock still. “I just want to talk,” he said after a long lost moment.
He could recall the exact sense of urgent dread from the first one, when he’d walked into that large, fine looking house. There had been the idea that something terrible could happen at any moment… And then there was that second, much more elaborate vision. It had
Only hours after he and Bruce had finally found a method that had good chances to deactivate the implants in Barnes’ brain without causing him harm in the process, the door to Barnes' room flew open. It was Maria Hill who paraded inward, first. She wore an expression that could freeze Hell, though the determination on her face looked more prone to raise it. Tony should’ve known better than to think just because she’d decided to work for him now, she’d follow his orders like she’d done with Fury.
They were lying on the bed, the covers draped over them. It was warm and cozy, and however foreign the motel room had felt at first, it was wonderfully familiar now.
The admission was well placed, but Steve caught it all the same. He stopped nuzzling and pulled back to look at him, to assess how serious he was. The longer the silence stretched, the more Tony squirmed over him, looking mortified. Steve pretended to consider the idea for a long moment, until Tony seemed just about ready to say something.
“I’ll be your distraction if you’re mine,” Tony murmured with a private smile, as if he understood him perfectly. And he was close. Christ, he was
Tony read the line again, his brow furrowed with thought. It seemed so crazy that everyone thought that he and Steve were over.
Agitated, he shot Bucky a look, nodding towards the truck’s opening. Bucky understood immediately, and sprinted for the rear hatch, where the cradle rested. Natasha made a grab for the robot attempting to intercept Bucky, holding onto its helmet and smashing it on the ground.
That wasn’t a ‘No’ Tony figured and leaned back with a sigh. If it wasn’t flashbacks from his past, not memories of what he lost in all those years in the ice, then it had to be something equally unsettling. But Steve didn’t want to share, and that was fine. They didn’t owe each other anything.
Then, abruptly, he pulled back, and stared at Steve with furious eyes. “That’s what happened,” Tony said with a clipped voice. “That’s what’s still happening. Now leave me the hell alone.”
Steve rolled his eyes and leaned against the RV, watching him. For a few minutes, it really looked like it might work, but Tony had a hard time assembling the poles on his own, and eventually, the whole frame fell back down to the ground.
So instead, Steve concentrated on the deep phantom ache inside him, the emptiness in the wake of being deeply fucked. He wrapped his arms around Tony and held him close for a while, waiting for whatever words Tony was thinking, until they came, and then he hummed in thought.
Soon after, Steve was decently stretched, so Tony added more lube, and yet another finger. By now, Steve had dug his feet into the mattress, shallowly shoving back on the fingers. He wasn’t moving with him in earnest, but it seemed he couldn’t keep still anymore either.
A low gasp brought Tony back to the present, and as he looked up, he immediately met Steve’s gaze. Still the same blue, but behind that--a knowledge, and yes, a certain sadness Tony knew all too well.
“I, look—We knew what you’ve done before we brought you here, and I don’t know what that says about me, but I really don’t care. You’re Steve’s friend and I…” He bit his lip, stopping himself right there, because breaking
gratitude,” Tony shot back coldly, then shook his head. “You know what, never mind… Rhodey, let’s drive to that monument thing. I need fresh air, anyway.”
“Well, I hope it’s not a problem,” Tony said. “Breathe, Rogers. I won’t hit on you or anything. I’m not that stupid.”
Vision’s voice was as impassive as ever, and in the moment he trailed off, Ultron howled in pain, pushing both hands against his own temples as if fighting a giant migraine. Vision’s unibeam bore down into Ultron’s form, and Extremis felt the links in his system being cut one by one.
“Just a little more,” Tony replied, his voice strained, the hand at his back urging Steve’s middle to meet him. It was only then that Steve noticed how stiff his legs were, how tension had locked every muscle in his body. Steve was determined not to let his fears rule him. With a trembling breath, he forced his muscles to go to work, drew in a sharp breath, and raised his hips.
“No, it’s… Thank you, Peps,” Tony replied after clearing his throat. “It’s all good. Listen, I just need to do some groundwork on myself before joining the party. I kinda told Steve I’d meet him beforehand and I forgot how late it was and—”
“Have I told you yet how ravishing you look tonight?” Tony asked, one of his thumbs moving over Steve’s palm.
"Come on in," Steve eventually said, unlocking the door and ushering his friend inside. "You look like you could use some coffee."
He inspected the envelope from all directions. It was flat and thin, clearly only containing a few slips of paper which Steve removed and turned to read.
Steve wanted to protest, to tell Bucky he didn't like the idea, but then he thought about what he'd do if he stayed home. Think about Tony some more? Think about the kiss? The teeth that had nibbled at him, promising more, taunting him until he couldn't think anymore?
“Hm,” Peter hummed, looking awkward for a moment. Then, he cleared his throat. “Can I ask, I mean… when did you and Captain America get together?”
A sigh left Tony’s lips as he finally crossed the threshold, forcing himself not to lose it at the sight of Steve’s yellow and purple face. His left cheek was bandaged and he was hooked up to more machines than Tony could identify. The beep of the heart monitor was strong, though, and Tony made himself focus on that.
It still felt anything but a victory. Because when all of this was over, Steve would have to leave them.
“I want you to be sure.” He took Steve’s hands in his, caressing his knuckles with his lips. “This has all happened very fast. Your life has changed so fast. Don’t think that I don’t know that. When you come to my bed, I want your heart with me.”
As the celebration gradually died, Sam turned around and raised his hands. “So,” he said and grinned. “What’s next?”
Tony was very close. Steve couldn't recall a time they were this close before. It wasn't… bad, but it was making it a little difficult to concentrate on the conversation. He knew that Tony was joking at his expense to some extent, but somehow it didn't sting as much as his previous jabs had. The hand on his knee was warm, and Steve had to force himself to ignore it for the sake of answering. God, he hasn't been this close to anyone since the war.
There was another lengthy pause. Bruce probably wouldn’t be too happy about sharing any sort of information about his patient. Steve knew, from his previous meetings with Bruce, that he took the ethics of his job very serious.
“Okay, good,” praised and barely had the time to dodge before Tony came at him again. He did it again, and again, dishing out angry, uncoordinated hits at Steve.
He felt Tony staring at him and opened his eyes again. There was a long silence between them, but he could see the raw emotions in Tony’s expression, a mixture of gratefulness and pure amazement.
Tony felt himself tensing a little as Steve walked closer, but he tried not to let it show. “We all are, as much as we can be. But I… Tony I never wanted it to go this far. I wish we’d had more time to discuss the paper. Everything went so fast. All I could do was react to things that were already happening. There wasn’t a moment to actually think things through, or I would’ve handled it differently.”
Fury held out his hand to take the letter. His eyes scanned the lines in silence first, then he sighed and read out loud:
Quietly, Steve turned over and watched Tony get up and move out of sight, heading towards the stream.
For some reason, his own words only seemed to really get to him once he had voiced them. This wasn’t the first time it felt as if the world wanted to push them apart.
“I don’t,” Bucky said, bracing himself. “I wouldn’t. You can be an ass, if you want, but so can I, and you… you’ve been good to Steve, and you gave Nat a family when she probably thought she didn’t need one, and… ah fuck, you’re a decent person, too, Stark, and I think we’ve been friends longer than we both like to admit, anyway.”
A part of Tony needed to know that Steve wasn’t doing this because of what had happened, but didn’t have the heart to ask. When they parted, Steve’s eyes seemed to be filled with aged understanding, as though a thousand years had come and gone, as though the torments of the last few days were constantly echoing through his mind. This small lifetime that they’d squeezed into a few endless, horrible hours.
For a long time, it was as though time slowed to a crawl. He could feel things happening around him—vague, unseen movements and sounds he could not fully comprehend. He was awake, and then he was not. And every time he woke up after that, new memories had returned to him. And as if in a dream, he heard people coming in and out of the room, asking him questions like ‘How are you’—something he had not needed to answer for a long time.
“Alright everyone. Here’s instructions: Sam and I will do recon, the rest of you go in undercover. Do not, I repeat, do not engage any of the locals unless absolutely imperative. Lagos might be full of hostile forces. Be on alert at all times, like we trained. Eyes and ears, everyone.”
“Just like old times,” he replied. Natasha was right, of course. He rarely went to mission’s with the team these days. Everything was changing, but it seemed to be for the better. For a while.
time they’d been here. When an army had waited at their doorsteps, when Earth had been mere seconds from its final destruction.
But the kiss was constantly on his mind, as was the warmth of Tony's hands. He kept thinking back to when he'd found Tony on campus, drunk, all bristle hostility but fragile in his arms. That was a kid that needed attention he wasn't getting, Bruce's goodwill and all.
This was it then. No more test-runs. No more idle twiddling. Together, he and Bruce would get Barnes out of wherever his mind was stuck. And maybe…
“I told you, it’s a long story.” Steve stood up as well. He shuffled over and, after a brief hesitation, stepped right up to Tony. “It’s not like we started getting along overnight. I mean, after Siberia, we hadn’t talked to each other for almost two years, then there was Thanos—”
“Ba-ba-ba-ba,” Ian blabbered again, when Steve stepped into the room. He squealed happily as Tony pulled him out of the cradle and against his chest, turning him so that he fit comfortably in the crook of his right arm.
Overall, people were now seated on the ground, on the streets, and the fields around them. Thousands of cameras were headed straight towards the sky all set to capture history.
Nodding his head, Steve leaned in to kiss Tony's cheek. "I'll make sure she doesn't scare you too much," he said, mock serious, and then pulled back again to look over Tony's form. The memory of his nakedness draped over that bench press was making its way to the front of his thoughts, but when Steve looked to Tony's face, there was something… not quite off, but just…
Eyeing him worriedly, Steve made to kneel right behind Tony’s head, one arm wrapped around his shoulders, the other grabbing for Tony’s hand. Distantly, Tony noticed Thor stepping up to his feet, pushing both hands down on his ankles, and Natasha and Clint almost casually taking stand on the other side of the bed. Honestly, he wasn’t even sure he’d have the energy to put up a fight at this point. The morphine was making him far too drowsy.
needed to fuck me like three weeks ago,” Tony interrupted Steve. The thoughts going through Steve’s head were obvious, and that just wouldn’t do. He wouldn’t have him decide to be reasonable about this, to go back to—what had they even been doing—
And—God, Tony was angry. Angry that he wasn’t allowed to follow him, angry with James fucking Barnes, angry with Steve, angry with himself. Even when Obadiah had tried to murder him, he did not recall being blinded with anger as much as fueled with it. Now was an entirely different matter. The rawness of his frustration was nothing compared to the intensity of it.
Next to Steve, Bucky raised an eyebrow and stared at Sam blatantly for a few long seconds before turning to survey the many snack packages already lying on the couch table. He didn’t even have to say anything, Steve knew what he was thinking: The place already looked like a certified disaster area—and the party hadn’t even started. “More supplies?”
“Welcome back, Sleeping Beauty,” he whispered, relief taking hold of his features. He gauged Steve’s expression as he raised his hand to cup Steve’s cheek. A huge part of him wanted to lean in, so he wouldn’t have to crush the fragile hope on Tony’s face, but the vision was still too vivid, too close to his heart, and he needed some space right now, or he’d go insane.
“No. You go to MIT. You’ve worked hard for this. My meeting with Fury can wait, I’ll go. And I’ll take—” Steve frowned, looked back to Natasha. “Is Clint back yet?”
Steve during his military service wouldn't have hesitated a second to just go for this. Even now a part of him was lamenting his own cowardice, but his
“Now,” Stane said as he sat down on one of the empty chairs. He flashed a confident smirk at Jarvis. “Tell me, old man, does that sound like the note of a woman who had made up her mind to kill herself?”
Last night, he had dreamed of Tony again. Just a normal dream, and how Steve could’ve ever believed that their shared dreams had been anything but real was beyond him now.
“Don’t worry,” Steve told Tony, still grinning broadly. “I’m willing to take the fall for your shortcomings.”
He sat down beside Tony on the bed, and together, they powdered and diapered Ian’s bottom with practiced movements, then zipped him up into clean sleepers. With his tummy full and his body clean, dry, and warm, it didn’t take long for him to finally fall asleep on his parent’s bed. They stretched out on either side of him, facing each other.
For a long time, even before they’d gotten together, Tony had tried to imagine what it would feel like to fuck Steve. To have all that strength at his hands. He knew it would be amazing. How could it not be amazing? But this… God, this was so much better. Steve was perfect. And they were perfect together. Tony watched his cock disappear inside of Steve, watched his ass move up and down his length. Eventually, he felt the telltale sign of Steve’s thighs starting to shake, so he leaned down to kiss both of his shoulder blades, and dropped his hands to Steve’s hips to slow him down a bit.
Tony only rolled his eyes and interrupted Steve by pressing the head of his cock firmly against Steve’s opening. “No time for sweet-talk, got it.”
“It’s a lot of fun,” Pepper admitted begrudgingly. “And Stark Mansion was certainly known for them.”
“As I said, people die. But there are things you need to hear. Things you won’t like, things I kept to myself and that I need to say now.” A pause. “We need to learn to control our forces,” Tony continued with a firm voice. “What happened with Wanda—to some extent it’s the same as what happened with Bruce in Wakanda, the same with me and Ultron. There seem to be new people with superpowers every day. That spider-kid, Ant-Man, Phil’s girl. We can’t—” He swallowed thickly. “We can’t go on like this. People are afraid of what we can do. They lost so much already. I know we do what we do to prevent worse, but those ‘possibilities’ don’t mean a thing to people when they’re confronted with the very real losses.”
talked about so far and… he immediately felt like walking on a very thin layer of ice. “Yes,” he said, his voice subdued.
“Bruce… that could go so wrong,” Natasha whispered and the tone of her voice was a perfect reflection of what Tony felt: Awe, and a deep gratitude. “If you attack them, they’ll go all out on you.”
Only very late at night, when Steve was alone and could not sleep, did the thought gnaw at him. How Tony’s skin would feel beneath his fingertips. How it would feel like to kiss him, having that goatee scrape at his skin. If he’d groan against Steve’s lips and how his breaths would quicken when Steve would put his mouth on him …
Steve heaved an annoyed breath and looked up at the ceiling. With his left arm, he nudged Tony closer beneath a large trunk where the coverage was thickest.
About half an hour later, Thor was finally snoring lightly, his head resting on the back of the couch. Natasha and Barnes were making noises from the corner of the room where they were tangled into each other on the loveseat. Low, barely imperceptible murmurs echoed between them and Tony shook his head, smiling to himself. Every day he saw more and more evidence that Barnes was going to be just fine, whether or not the government would ever revoke his house arrest. They tried to put more restrictions into action every other week—not just for Barnes, for all of them. Tony hated going to those hearings over and over again, but he knew he had to. He saw it in Steve’s eyes. How he couldn’t wait for the day when Barnes’d be joining them on their missions. And Tony would do anything to make that happen.
The last days had been a continuous back and forth between New York and Washington, and he barely had time to unpack before he had to be on a plane again.
Leaning back against the counter next to Steve, Tony stared at his feet. “I wished…” He huffed, and shook his head in a self-deprecating motion. “I wished that I’ll remember every single one of his birthdays, that I won’t become the sort of person who’s too busy to find time for little gestures, and that he… that he still wants me around for his birthdays when he gets older.”
“Do you really think he cares about you?” Mister Hammer studied him for a minute. “Do you really think a man as rich and powerful as Anthony Stark cares about anyone but himself? Good God, boy. I thought you weren’t that stupid. The guy’s just lonely, and he’s known to flirt up women and men alike.”
“Aw, come on,” Tony complained. He’d really looked forward to seeing Pepper again. It had been far too long. “Why did I make you the boss again? Repeat: ‘So I can make other people work for me’.”
The Mind Stones’ light bore down against Natasha’s opponent, and thus, Steve finally managed to hit him with the shield so hard that he too slumped down on the ground for good.
“I’m still me,” Steve assured him. He reached out again, and with a low breath, Tony let him squeeze his hand once.
“Which is exactly why you’re not going to be sacrificed,” Natasha all but snapped. Tony knew she was very protective towards Bruce. He had never managed to ask her why, but he figured it had something to do with her knowing exactly how hard it was to have others make decisions for you.
before meeting Steve. He hadn’t cared about much of anything despite enjoying a good buzz, a good fight, a good fuck—the more the merrier. He’d loved living the mortal life to its extremes, but he hadn’t cared much beyond that.
Bucky rolled as if he had intended to do it, and was back on his feet quickly. Steve had barely enough time to turn around and hammer the code Tony’d given him into the console, opening the cabinet.
Steve almost shoved him away in frustration. Instead, he kept one hand on Tony’s back to keep him steady, while he used his other to pull the bottle out of Tony’s grasp. “That’s your solution to everything, isn’t it?” he asked him. “Can’t deal with something, just mock it.”
For whatever he intended to say, though, Tony’s mind kept returning to one conclusion: ‘I’m in love with you.’ And, of course, the second Tony almost did voice those words, Steve put his knife down and cleared his throat.
And that was that. Steve didn’t even have a chance to answer. Tony was grasping his shoulders, pulling him back with a fierce movement, mouth ravaging his.
“No,” Steve said at last, shaking his head. “It wasn’t three days. It was a little over two months. Maybe more. We stopped counting at some point.”
When he drew him back in, he took him as far as he could, teeth just barely grazing his skin. The head brushed the back of his throat, and he knew by now that Steve loved it when he swallowed around him. He wasted no time contracting his throat muscles around his cock, humming at the throaty moans that hit the air right after.
He didn’t move and closed his eyes again. Curiosity ebbed him; he wanted to see how Tony’d act if he thought him asleep.
Hours of walking empty corridors, sleeping in empty rooms. Of nights that were more numb than cold. Of days with the hollow promise that things would be better tomorrow. That eventually, the pain inside Tony would start to calm.
Considering the offer, Steve watched him. It was sincere, he realized. Tony was reaching out to him, and something about it—his expressions, the tilt of the head, the bashfulness—struck him as familiar, but he couldn't point out how or why. So, dismissing that thought for later consideration, he shook his head.
he okay? He couldn't answer that question yet. Even if he said he wasn’t, what good would it do? Nightmares were just a part of his life, and Tony had no way to help that.
Tony turned to look at him then, straightening up. “It’s… it’s perfect, Steve. I mean, it’s probably wrong of me to say it’s beautiful but… that you see me like this is…” He trailed off, shrugging and actually looking a bit sheepish. “Thank you.”
—shrugged, as he sat up a bit to unbutton and slide off his suit jacket. He loosened his tie somewhat before settling down again. “It’s my dream,” he retorted. “I have a habit of turning up in my dreams.”
Thanks for sticking with me for the third installment. I hope you'll enjoy this part, it's probably the most explicit thing I've ever written *hides* x.x Thanks to the lovely
For a second, Tony contemplated taking Steve up on that dare. A countdown. How old did Steve think he was, five? Still, Steve had that determined no-bullshit look going for him, and Tony really didn’t want to wake up the whole dorm right now.
“Who says I want you to calm down?” Steve asked. “You just need to wait ‘til our son is very much asleep.”
Tony’s eyes settled back on Steve and he wrapped both arms around his waist. “Tell me something, Steve. Are you enjoying yourself?”
Baffled, he could only stare at the man. Then he looked down at himself, staring down to where some sort of metal arm—some
Steve stared at them. That whole exchange was puzzling and he couldn’t believe how friendly everyone seemed to be with each other.
After a few minutes, Steve’s finger slid into Tony with much less resistance, and Steve pulled off Tony’s cock to pour more lube on his fingers. He took a moment to commit the way Tony looked right then to memory. His skin was deeply flushed, his lips red from where he was biting down on it. His eyes were blown wide as he regarded Steve.
Together, they fixed up dinner and lit up a fire outside to grill some steaks. Afterwards, they set up chairs and pillows and blankets around the fire, and there was a box of long sticks on a table stacked with marshmallows, graham crackers, and chocolate bars. The area of the camping ground all but vibrated with laughter and excitement, and often, Tony would hear someone tell stories from their last solar eclipse.
“When does the party start?” Steve asked, when both Bucky and Sam had left the room, staring blankly at the clock beneath the television. It was late afternoon, and the sun would set soon. It couldn’t be much longer, and some part in him really wished he hadn’t agreed for them to host a post-mission party at all.
“You look captivated,” he said quietly. Steve only startled slightly at the sound of his voice, and looked at him curiously.
Natasha shot him a look. “Yeah, and that’s how lists start. Now, you said you need stuff for breakfast.”
“James,” she gasped, almost thrashing her head from side to side. Usually, he’d bring his hand between them and stroke her clit until she’d lose it, but he didn’t have a goddamn second hand.
Clint sighed. “He won’t be able to ignore it either. They won’t let him. It’s not a question of what Tony wants to do and what he doesn’t.”
, that was… liberating in a way he hadn’t thought possible. Obi’s face was a blank canvas, and Tony didn’t know if he was inwardly seething with anger or actually listening.
And the world veered off its axis again, as Tony brought down the hammer and was engulfed with the plant's pollen.
flirting with Steve, exactly? By all means, it should be the last thing he'd want to do. And yet, at one point Tony needed to admit it to himself: Most of that rage inside him, the hurt, the feeling of betrayal… had been gone before he’d even arrived in this time.
Tony fought back the urge to just roll on his side and hug Steve, beg him not to cut him off again, but he knew it was futile. He could practically hear the wheels in Steve’s head spinning, could hear him scolding himself, tormenting him with what-ifs, and Tony was sure the second he’d touch him, he would freak out completely.
Once more, Steve’s eyes darted to the sea, noticing a few police boats next to the big ship. He frowned. “Are you searching for something?”
"Sure," he said absently as he made quick work of it. "When you're eighteen we can tell whoever you want." He helped Tony clean up and tucked the both of them back into their sleep clothes before finally settling down next to Tony's warm body, hugging him.
“They gave me that leaflet. At the hospital. It’s… like a to-do list. Howard was in China, doing business, and my mom was—she sort of just tuned out.” He remembered how his mother had just drifted into rooms for weeks and stood there not moving for ten minutes at a time. She locked the keys in the car and she cried while dressing in the mornings. “So I read it and I did the things it said to do. I wrote an announcement for the paper and called the registry office. I deleted Jarvis’ message on the answerphone. I ordered flowers.” He ticked it off on his fingers as he whispered the list. “I cancelled his subscriptions. I cleaned his room. But the standard groceries just kept coming. Along with new Earl grey tea.” Tony’s whispers had probably reached a hysteria pitch, so he took a deep breath. “Jarvis was the only one who liked it. We have thirty jars of Earl grey tea, now.”
He glanced down. “Didn’t mean it,” he replied unconvincingly. “I just… I was talking and words were said. That’s all.”
Steve glanced at the arc reactor’s light dimmed by the thin bedsheet draped around Tony’s body and kneeled down next to him. He could hear Tony murmur words in his sleep, gulping in the stale air as though his lungs were fighting for life. He was probably uncomfortable, here on that hard floor, and Steve considered carrying him over to the bed for a moment, but eventually decided against it. If Tony woke up now—Steve wouldn’t know what to say to him.
Steve rolled his eyes at the melodramatics. He turned around, pulling back the sheets so he could comfortably lie down on top of Tony. Quickly, he kissed his lips, then his cheek, then placed his head next to Tony’s, his lips close to his ear.
There was some kind of vibration underneath. Steve’s fingers carefully moved around a little, and he realized it was a circular form, and it seemed to be embedded in Tony’s chest.
“Charming,” Tony said, but there was no heat behind it. It was hard to imagine that it should be so easy. But… come to think on it, Tony could admit that they were all much more relaxed around each other. Not so prone to weighing each word the other said. They all… they all laughed more, relying on each other, trusting each other, and if Tony was perfectly honest with himself, he couldn’t imagine them breaking apart because of this, either.
Tony took a couple of deep breaths, staring into the night sky, thinking how some secrets were easier to tell in the dark.
them, but… the more time passes the more I see that it really didn’t have to be that way. And when it finally hits home that this is the way things are now… I just don’t know how to deal with everything being so… good.” Tony shook his head. “I like him, too. A lot. And that scares me.”
By all means, Steve was used to Rhodes and Pepper distrusting him. They had their reasons and that had been fine—until now.
So he lived as though nothing had changed. In the day, he would jog around the various cities and train in the gyms that Senator Brandt allowed him to go to. In the evenings, Steve did his little show and told everyone how very much the world was doomed unless he, as Captain America, stopped the rising of so-and-so. It was the same routine every day, and at the end of it, he and Tony would sit next to each other, wrapped in silence. It was all stuck on repeat—every single night.
Tony scoffed and walked over to the bar, opening another bottle and relishing the fierce burning in his throat. “We both know how this will end, Detective,” he said. “You know now. There’s no going back. You know who I am, what I’ve done. I don’t imagine you’ll let me near anyone of your friends ever again. Or Peter.”
Strange. In his life, warmth was not supposed to exist. And yet, for everything, the comfort of Nat’s embrace was all around him. She was breaking his barriers, one by one.
“Let’s go through the details tomorrow morning,” Steve suggested between soft nibbles. “Meet up with Maria, and then I’ll join you on the next hearing.”
“I still don’t get it. You said Steve would bring Bucky in. I know there’s the killing order, but if they turn themselves in willingly, they’ll get a fair trial. Steve knows that, doesn’t he? What is he playing at?” Rhodey asked, his eyes following Tony’s form, though he had addressed his question to Natasha. “Do you know?”
The door crashed open, and another HYDRA agent flew between them. He landed on his backside and skidded several feet into some shelves. Tony and Steve both turned to look through the windows at the commotion in the stockroom. Thor and Sam were in there, knocking around a few more men, and Clint rushed forward to take on the others.
“I never wanted to,” Steve said, his face pained for a moment, then full of wonder on the next upward stroke.
A whistle from behind him made Steve whirl around. Bucky stood at the mouth of the corridor, a redheaded woman standing beside him and the two looked oddly fitting. Steve marked the mussed look about his friend, who was as shirtless as Steve was. The redhead woman lifted an eyebrow when no one immediately spoke and turned to Bucky.
, Bucky didn’t say, but the slightly tense expression on his face spoke volumes. Steve hated that the government had ordered strict house arrest. Bucky couldn’t even take a step out of the Tower without the whole CIA standing at their door.
“We’d just defeated Thanos,” he explained. “Stephen Strange wanted to scatter the stones, but something went wrong.”
“You’re really coming here, of all places,” Tony whispered, disbelievingly. He reached for his tablet, and Steve’s blue eyes followed his gaze expectantly.
Rubbing a thumb along Steve’s palm, Tony smiled at him. “I’m really happy we’re here, you know?” he asked, smiling even when Steve raised a questioning eyebrow at him. “Well, not
He leaned his forehead on the door next to her cheek and panted, trying to collect himself. Natasha was like a warm embrace, hugging every inch of him with perfection. Once his eyes locked with hers again, the tip of her tongue traced his lips and she pivoted her hips perfectly against his. One corner of his mouth lifted in a seductive smirk and he gripped her hips and started moving inside her.
Tony swallowed, pressing his eyes close because statistically, he already knew what the answer to his next question would be.
Steve, however, merely glanced up and grinned, masterfully maneuvering the spatula over the eggs that were cooking in the frying pan. “It was either that or that Naked-Lady-apron Clint brought home last week,” Steve said.
As if on cue, Tony pulled back, staring at Steve with pure want. “Now,” he said, breathing in raggedly.
“What is that?” Steve asked, his brows furrowed as he took the paper from Tony’s hand. “That’s… that’s from today.”
“It’s a matter of semantics, is it not? Either I’m not JARVIS, but he remains a part of me, or I am JARVIS, and there are parts that are not me. In both regards,” Vision paused, gathering his words as he often did, before he looked back up at Steve, “I do remember that I have been your friend, Steve, and I would be sorely disappointed if this friendship were gone, now.”
“Oh that makes sense, of course,” Tony said, a bit hysterical all of a sudden, and Steve had genuinely no idea what he was talking about. “You’re… you’re supposed to be
Steve looked both relieved and equally frustrated with Tony. It was a look Tony had been used to getting from Pepper and Rhodey, and he really had to physically bite back a comment on how it had apparently only taken Steve three weeks to get to this point.
It wasn’t okay. And maybe it never would be again. But they had shared a few civil words, had even smiled at each other.
It had been a good forty-something days, Steve thought. He knew he probably shouldn’t be so happy to finally spend an easy-going time with Tony, but for the time being, he’d decided to just live in the moment.
Steve was standing in his cabin on the Helicarrier, unpacking a few things. Coulson had told him he didn’t know how long the mission would last and how much time they’d need to find that…
Stane, of course, wouldn’t have those reservations. The way he behaved, he probably considered the mansion as his own property.
Tony sighed. He couldn’t deny it. “Fine. Take Bucky. No one else. Tell your team to drop their weapons.”
A tremor ran through Steve’s body. Words left him, and he kept staring at Tony, at the room, then back.
There was peace within him, then. Peace that Steve hadn't thought the world had to offer anymore. Peace that he thought had died in this stupid war between them. But here they were—Tony’s arms were around him, and he gave him peace. He looked at him with love that took Steve’s breath away. He infused his being with hope.
“I’ll go looking through the ruins again,” Tony said, after they had finished. “Try and see if I can find some food, or blankets.”
“That’s what I just said, right?” Tony asked. “Apparently your file has been dubbed ‘Supervision Suspended’ by some unknown parties. Government’s throwing a fit, but there’s not much they can do, the documents are sound, no traces of any hacker, so you’ve been cleared for the time being. Doesn’t mean they’ll let you go on missions afterwards. In fact, I’m sure they’re gonna revoke it as soon as they can, but for now, you can consider yourself one of the team.”
“Yeah,” Tony confirmed. “Didn’t really know how to break it to you gently. And don’t think the irony is lost on me. I condemned dad my whole life for spending so much time looking for you, trying to find you and bring you back home, and only a few years after his death, I’m following his footsteps like a good puppy.”
Tony couldn’t deny anymore that the fluttery feeling in his chest—the kind of fluttery that made his head a little dizzy and brought a smile to his face all the damn time—had everything to do with the memory of Steve carrying him home last week. The frat party and everything that’d happened after remained fuzzy at best, but he remembered Steve’s smell, and Steve’s arms around him, Steve’s amused laughter and fond looks and…
“Tony’s done a lot for us this past year,” Steve added, feeling the need to say this—because time travel and all of its consequences aside, he’d wanted to make them understand for a long time. “The fact that we can live here now shows how much. And we haven’t given him any credit for it. I want to change that.”
Steve opened his mouth to say something in return, but eventually he had to admit that, yes, she did have a point there.
“It’s the damn portal,” Tony wheezed, trying to meet Steve’s eyes but everything was just too fuzzy. He had trouble staying upright and after a bit of struggling just collapsed against Steve’s chest, pushing his face against him.
Natasha was still on her back next to him and she started to move, too quickly before he could grab her wrist. In the next instant, she was on her feet, but Bucky had followed her and managed to twist her hands behind her back, her chest against a wall.
“You’re more important than Extremis. I keep telling you that. And besides, it’s a failsafe, might not even need it.” He grinned a little. “It’s easy to memorize: I-20-8-Y-4-7-H-6-9-W… I-20-8-YOURS, our wedding date mixed with the song we danced to at the reception, 4-7-HARLEY, your birthday and that terrible obsession with those bikes, and…”
Steve’s smile was infectious and Tony felt the remains of his anger drain, feeling the corners of his mouth lift almost against his will instead.
Somehow, he’d expected Tony to show him around, to have his steady presence as he explained everything about their new home. But no matter where Steve had looked, Tony was nowhere to be found. Only now, hours later, he spotted him sitting in the dining room, and it somehow felt as though they’d been parted for years.
“You… talked to me… asked me…” He rose to his feet, but he was weak and trembling. He braced one hand against a cold wall to steady himself, and his voice was stronger than his legs when he said, “You… you hurt me…”
“It’s big enough for two,” Tony argued and glanced towards the sky. “It looks like it’ll rain and all that this situation needs is for you to get soaked and catch a cold.”
“He still talks about you every day,” Tony said at one point, his voice quiet, one hand settling on Ian’s head. “In case you wondered.”
Steve just rolled his eyes, and as he watched the monitors flickering all around them, his stomach kept doing uneasy flips. A face became visible on the monitor in front of them. And when the clattering of Tony’s typing fell silent, a voice echoed through the vast space.
As they made their way to the graveyard a little while later, a merciless wind cut across the area. It drove the mourners into tight huddles in a futile attempt to avoid the worst of the weather. A blanket of dark clouds covered the sky, giving the impression that it was closer to sunset than it really was.
Clint frowned. He looked down at his phone, typed something into his messenger, then glanced out of the window. “There might be a way.”
Steve squatted down next to him, grabbing for his hand and giving it a little squeeze. “When you rediscovered vibranium.”
Bruce sighed, giving the monitor a last look before he turned back. “I don’t think we can be certain of anything until he wakes up.” He paused, raising a brow at him. “You ready?”
With that, Steve hastily kicked his shoes off and worked his way out of his pants. Tony got the drift, and rummaged through their bedside drawer for a moment, before throwing the bottle of lube on the mattress. When Steve was free of all bothersome barriers, Tony took a good, long minute to run his eyes appreciatively over his body, then peppered his chest with ravenous, ardent kisses. That was, until Steve pressed the full length of his body down against Tony’s.
At that, Steve walked away and Tony could hear him open a few cabinets in the makeshift kitchen that had once been their living room. He came back into view a few moments later, squatting down in front of him with a glass of water. After a moment of completion, Tony snatched it from his grasp, guzzling down some of it.
Now, only Rhodey remained, and Rhodey’s presence never bothered him. He allowed Tony to be, and they had passed the time together, side-by-side. And Tony could admit that he needed him around. He needed someone strong to sit beside him, to offer him support.
Fortunately, Bruce, Rhodey, his profs and all of his classmates were used to his eccentric weirdness. Some irregular behavior didn’t even have them batting an eye anymore.
“I know it’s a lot to take in,” Tony said, as they walked out of the elevator. The small amount of light didn’t stretch far into the large room, but then Steve wasn’t interested in taking the tour. Not today. Steve just wanted to sleep, and he wanted it in Tony’s arms. “Never expected I’d be bringing you here. The tower’s relatively new; I can count on one hand how often I’ve slept here.”
“Oh, thank God,” Tony breathed, as it slowly sunk in that Steve was finally agreeing to do this. Immediately, he leaned forward against Steve’s weight and ground himself more intently against his hand. They both moaned, and Tony watched as Steve’s fingers encircled him fully, boxer briefs and all.
“I know you enough to know you care about Steve a lot. Even if the timeline has changed—that’s still true, isn’t it?”
long time, he’d never done it with a man, and more importantly: Never with someone he truly cared about and wanted to be with in the long run.
And just like that, the air between them was suspended. Tony heard Steve breathing, in and out, before he raised his voice again. “This probably isn’t the right time either. But if I keep it to myself much longer, I’m going to go crazy, and you deserve to know.”
God, what was he supposed to do now? He and Pepper… they hadn’t even been broken up for long. And he’d
Steve was sitting on the floor next to the bathroom door, his back pressed against the wall, while his forehead rested on his knees. He was shaking a little, and the whole situation had Tony so profoundly confused that he didn’t even know what to say.
He felt Natasha reaching for Tony’s hand as well, brushing a finger over his palm, and even though she tried to do it casually, Steve noticed that she stopped to feel his pulse. The steady beating seemed to satisfy her, and she smiled at Steve as she leaned back. “He’ll push through.”
Today, however, Tony’s mood was at a record low. Ross was once more trying to force him to actively hunt for the fugitives, convinced that Tony knew something he didn’t. And there were developments inside Congress, about more restrictions, more surveillance, that was giving Tony pause.
Because he honestly had no idea how inhaling anything could possibly relate to the state of his pants and what was in them. It was also a little rude to ask, Steve thought, but decided not to give Tony the satisfaction by complaining about it. All he wanted was to get this stuff off, get the debrief about this inexplicable mission out of the way and then have some time for himself to reflect on this bizarre mission on his own. He was more than a little wary of spending any length of time with the others, especially Tony, who would probably never let him live down the bridal carry after this.
In moments like these, Tony liked to think that—had he known back then how good the two of them could be together, had he had
“I’m serious,” Tony continued, smiling flirtatiously. “I’m making an effort here. All for you. I even read the notes you gave me! Give me some credit, Potts.”
we can work with. So far, Tony is our only suspect. If you want to help him, you need to help us. We’re not the bad guys.”
It was only three of them, though. The other two tanks, Steve confirmed with a quick glance, still held the unconscious-looking figures, and he had no idea if they were dead or alive. Zemo must’ve done something so Tony couldn’t have detected their heart rates. Some kind of trick, and they’d walked right into his trap.
“There’s a lot to be thankful for,” Strange went on, unfazed. There was a smirk on his lips, barely there, as he gazed on the landscape outside.
“Why not?” she asked, and her tone wasn’t loud, nor was it accusatory. “This isn’t right, what they’re doing to you. You know that, right?”
“My pleasure,” Clint said, and gave him a little salute from where he was perched on the upper-deck landing pad.
“Yeah,” Tony replied, and the small smile on his lips was definitely forced. Still, he reached for Steve’s hand, raising it towards his lips and kissing his knuckles, and Steve knew they were going to be just fine. “Let’s go home.”
The sun had narrowed down to an invisible line and almost abruptly, it went completely dark. There was no color. The earth seemed dead.
“Stay with me,” he whispered, foolishly, he knew. It wasn’t fair to ask this of her. It wasn’t her fault.
The room was silent, and Tony sat hunched over one of the working tables, staring at the schematics in front of him. It was unexpectedly easy to focus on this. After spending weeks upon weeks on DUM-E, trying to solve thousands of glitches, letting himself get lost in a completely new project was… liberating.
Disbelievingly, Tony stared down at his son, warmth going through him, as he started to feel like maybe this wasn’t too big for him to handle after all.
“No, but you thought so, and that’s alright. I need to take into consideration that I might be wrong about this, and in this case, I’m gonna do this your way.”
Steve looked around, to the large SHIELD symbol on the wall, before his eyes landed on Tony once more. His eyes were brown now, brows furrowed as he stared at the monitor. Steve was sure Tony was thinking the same thing he did, and dreading the answer just as much.
His façade was crumbling. Tony felt it, but could do shit about it. So he buried his face in his hands instead, feeling far too sober for a heart-to-heart conversation with the murderer of his parents.
When Steve closed the door behind them, every cell in his body was attuned to Tony. He shifted and the movement rippled across Steve’s body. Tony was in his room—he was in his space—and the only thing Steve could think was that he’d never truly felt Tony’s skin beneath his fingertips or known the taste of his lips. Not in the real world.
They were living in a skewed world and they all knew it. And Tony, like the rest, did nothing to break free.
It was the first time Tony woke up completely encased in Steve’s embrace. Their first morning together had been great in its own way, but this… being fully entangled in Steve was something else entirely. He felt so close to him, and it was a sensation he never wanted to forfeit.
Steve cleared his throat, his mind snapping back to itself. “I’m ready,” he said. “Gonna be down in five.”
Steve heard Natasha’s sharp gasp, but they both knew Sam had gotten real good at this, and only a moment later, he had already caught Bucky and pulled him safely to his chest.
Motion ceased entirely at some point, and Steve's breathing evened out soon after. He lay limp and sated under Tony, staring into mid-distance. This had been an experience so much more intense than he'd expected it would be. "... wow."
Steve stepped into his room first, flipping on the light, while Tony paused in the doorway for a moment.
When Ultron raced towards him, Steve skipped to his feet, taking a running start to head butt him in the stomach. Flipping his shield, he swung it like a bat, and there was a grating sound, before Ultron’s body collapsed.
Stane sneered at Tony briefly, reaching into the lapels of his coat jacket to retrieve a piece of paper. “Indeed, I have.”
kissed each other. Steve let his fingertips brush beneath Tony’s shirt, across his heart, trying to pull out the hurt.
you,” Steve repeated, frustration leaking into his voice. “What does it take for you to believe that? I have…
Tony’s eyes were piercing as he studied him, and whatever he saw there, it set him in motion. “Come,” he said simply, and reached for one of Steve’s hands. He didn’t pull, only tugged gently, with Ian still cradled against his side, and Steve followed them down the corridors.
Tony opened his mouth to say more, but then shook his head, turning from the table. Something caught his attention and Steve spotted the UN psychiatrist outside. The man had brown, short cut hair, and a particularly serious face. He was tapping a finger on his watch, a clear sign that their time was over.
“And this is where it happened?” Steve asked as they came to a stop in the middle of the arrival hall. The sun beat down on them, and there were little birds chirping from their places on the balustrades.
“This is not about ‘how’, it’s about ‘when’. Once we fail, there’s no second line of defense, only a freefall towards Doomsday, you realize that, don’t you?”
Of course Steve hadn’t kissed back. The way his hands had grabbed Tony’s forearms had been due to shock, or a try to shove Tony away, and nothing more.
A huff left her lips, as she looked back up and cast him a deathly scowl. “I’m not blushing. Don’t be ridiculous.”
: No phone calls, no new schematics, no anything. In fact, he was going to soak in the shower and then he’d try to get a little sleep.
He turned slowly, looking up. She raised a tentative hand to caress his cheek. The feel of her skin against his after such a long time made his insides sing. It was the first time in years that someone touched him without inspiring hate or revulsion.
Steve settled his head at Tony’s shoulder, both hands tightening around his. Tony settled his legs over Steve’s hip, squeezing him intimately with every thrust. His inner walls clenched Steve with every withdrawal, his hips rising to recapture.
Slowly, Steve began to roll his hips—and it only took a beat for Tony to move with him, recapturing his length every time he slipped away.
Tony smiled, amused at the man’s self-assurance. “Arrogance. It’s like a disease with you people, isn’t it?” Before Steve or anyone else could move, Tony darted forward, firing beams at him without so much as a warning.
“Since HYDRA is getting stronger, they’ll accept us as a first line of defense. They’re fine with us taking all the risk, but won’t give us the authority to actually make any sort of executive decisions. Our offer on a close collaboration is more than enough. I know it. They know it.”
Outside, he stood rooted to the floor, unable to move. For a few minutes, all he could hear was the sound of his own ragged breathing. His eyes were tightly screwed shut, his lips parted, his muscles clenched. He couldn’t move; he couldn’t even
"Tony," he said, and it sounded like a question and like judgment and pity all wrapped in one, even Steve could hear it in his voice. "What happened to you?"
Tony snorted, holding back every snarky comment waiting at his tongue. “Yeah… love you, too, suicidal tendencies and all.”
Obi didn’t seem too eager to talk as they drove across the campus, students mingling all around and the trees surrounding the little park areas displaying their fall colors of red and gold. He was just staring on the road, only occasionally glancing down at his watch.
It was a lame joke, he knew, but it had Tony huff a breathless laugh, so at least it broke the tension a little. “Oh, really,” he answered dryly. “Looks like you lost.”
Tony nodded once more. The one hand in his pocket took the old phone in hand, twirled it. The movement was almost habitual by now. “Well, it’s good to see you.”
The island in the middle of Tony’s workshop was home to many things: A fruit bowl that Steve had put there and that, after hours of working on Loki’s scepter, was one third fruits and two thirds candy, a half-finished schematic from Bruce, some rudimentary plans for a new branch of the SI human resources department from Tony, and some tools he and Bruce had used in the past day.
Tony huffed and tried to walk away, winding his way out of Steve’s almost-embrace. Steve only stepped closer, however, keeping Tony right where he was. “Stay,” he said. “Please.”
Steve’s heart was already beating ten times faster, infinitely excited about finally seeing Tony again. And when he did, Steve had to pause and just look at him for a moment. Of course, Steve had seen Tony at school, but never longer than a few seconds, so Steve ran rapid updates on his mental file: Tony sported shaded sunglasses Steve hadn’t seen before, skinny jeans and brown sneakers. His dark hair was shower-wet, and he was wearing a cardigan buttoned over an obscure-organic-coffee-brand T-shirt. He looked so…
It was so clear that Tony was proud of himself, no matter how he tried to downplay it. It had probably been hard work and—
"Tony," he breathed, hurrying to him. "What are you doing here?" But he never let him answer, reaching for him without preamble, his hands grabbing the lapels of his blazer and pulling him into a fierce kiss.
“Never,” Tony answered, the word slightly slurred. Being connected to Steve like this was most definitely one of his favorite things in the world. When he shifted, though, his knees throbbed uncomfortably, the pressure on his kneecaps was definitely too much and yeah… he wasn’t exactly twenty anymore.
rumbled in the back of Tony’s throat. His teeth latched onto one of Steve’s still-clothed nipples—his fingers skating over the buckle of his belt. “Don’t you want me? I’m the kind of guy everyone can fuck whenever they want. Don’t you want that? I can be so easy for you…”
“That was amazing,” Tony mumbled. “A plus. Ten out of ten. Who ever said one night stands are the solution to a great sex life?
“Well, if this is the result of Tony trying to work with the authorities,” Clint murmured, “I don’t want to know what happens once he’ll have to call a veto.”
Tony huffed, but kissed Steve nevertheless. “At least one of us is confident about that, then.” Rhodey would be thrilled, sure, and Natasha would likely accept him back with a shrug and a clap to the back of his head. Wilson wouldn’t care much either way, maybe grateful that he could tease Steve a little more. He had zero idea where he stood with Vision, but he hadn’t shown any signs of animosity earlier. The Maximoff girl, however, likely still hated his guts and Tony guessed in the grand scheme of things, that they didn't really trust him, and it would take a lot of time to become a part of this new group.
“Not in the long run, I don’t think so. He sees what needs to be done now, everything else is secondary.” He sighed, glancing up at Bruce. “If SHIELD drops, we can’t be acting as disaster response any longer. We need to step up, take charge of things, bring together what’s left of SHIELD… and take responsibility for what happens today. Government will ask for a handler, someone they can shove the blame at so they don’t lose face.”
The change in Tony was immediate, and apparent. His pupils dilated, and the hot hardness that pressed against Steve's thigh left no doubt as to what was going through Tony’s mind. It would've been amusing, if Steve hadn't felt himself responding.
Tony nodded thoughtfully. “Phil’s doing his best to deal with the mess, but not everyone accepts his authority. And he can’t help much when it comes to dealing with the committee… I think he needs to operate from the shadows right now. The government’s still debating about initiating a police force to capture the remaining SHIELD agents.”
“Sorry about that,” he mumbled instead, rubbing a free hand over his own abdomen. “Thing has a mind of its own.”
There was chaos all around him. The large ship Steve had seen from the window was listed heavily by now, and he could see many bystanders, medics and even a few police officers walking around.
He wanted to rush forward then, cradle Tony against his chest and kiss all bruises away, but Tony held up a hand in a gesture to stop right there.
By the time they toweled off and headed out of the shower, Steve was feeling the burn of arousal low in this stomach. A sense of nervous anticipation started to build inside him, and he was reminded of
“Yeah, yeah…” Tony said and let himself flop down on the bed next to Steve. His hand blindly grabbed for Steve’s, entwining their fingers with little care of the fluids that were still right there. As if on a second thought, he drew his hand up and pressed a gentle kiss against Steve’s palm. “Love you, too.”
—battling with Tony’s hands. “You’re not stupid. Just drunk. Too drunk. Let’s wait until you sober up a bit, alright?”
, looking delicious, and he was suddenly hungry as hell, so he cast Steve another smile and reached for one, taking a bite, and then another.
Sometimes he would gasp, say “No,” and nothing else. Sometimes he would stretch against the mattress, his whole body going tense. Sometimes he would reach for something—or
“Back then, in the Red Room, when I was—” She hesitated. “It was just how things were. James wasn’t particularly cruel; he was even… kinder than others, in some ways. He didn’t take pleasure in tormenting us; it was just something he’d been made to believe would make us stronger. Would make us survive.” A sour smile crossed her lips. “Later, of course, he didn’t remember anymore that he’d had part in my training. For all intents and purposes, I was a stranger to him.”
The sliding doors to the workshop opened, and when Steve turned around, he saw all of the others walking in. Bucky, Clint and Sam were carrying the cradle inside, carefully positioning it in the middle of the workshop. Wanda and Pietro were the last to enter and stayed in the back of the room.
“Experiment gone wrong?” Steve asked as they approached. He had his shield raised up high, but there was no one to be seen, no movement whatsoever.
Something ugly in Tony twisted around his heart. How had they gotten here, where Steve wasn’t even sure if he could pick up his own son?
Steve blinked. He’d imagined their first real meeting a thousand different times. A thousand different ways. Never in his fantasies had he been stunned silent.
As he talked, Wanda’s hands were moving again, blasting red wafts of magic at Tony and he closed his eyes, letting the current course through him. It didn’t hurt exactly, but for some reason, Tony felt exposed, like the magic was slowly peeling layers off of him.
While logically he knew he’d done nothing wrong, and that nothing had changed, he couldn’t help the way his insides flushed whenever Bucky glanced at him. It wasn’t like he could
It still felt unreal… that Bucky was truly here, and that the both of them had somehow managed to find each other again, all those decades into the future.
Steve’s eyes narrowed, as he moved a bit until he could look at Tony. “Why not?” he asked. “You were right. I could’ve stopped this by signing it.”
throat. As soon as that fact registered, Steve pulled his hands back like he'd been burnt, rolling off him and sitting up, staring at him with no small amount of bewilderment.
So he flapped the wings once, twice, and then, with a clear goal in mind, he swung himself into the air.
For the fraction of a second, Steve was sure they’d win this and end the fight for good. That together, they could kill Ultron before he could wreak any real damage. But Ultron seemed to understand how bad his situation was, and fired up his boot thrusters. Bucky noticed in time, taking hold on Ultron’s torso to keep him down, and instead spiraled in the air with him.
“What he feels for you, it’s… more than he’s ever felt for anything or anyone,” Natasha added softly. “You understand what that means, right?”
“Something tells me I wouldn’t.” Steve shook his head, rubbing the back of his neck to worry out the kinks. Perhaps he’d been able to fool himself for a while—not anymore. “I just can’t do this anymore. Serving without asking. I don’t know how you do it—”
Tony schooled his expression as he leaned his hip against the bar counter. Slowly, the fact that Steve was
. They had so little time with each other, just the two of them. And Steve wanted to see him happy, wanted his smiles, his breathy little laughs, his manic energy.
“For what it’s worth, I’m glad you’re back,” he said, smiling a very flimsy smile, before he walked around the corner and out of Steve’s sight.
Steve rose and looked down at Vision. “Can you please stay with him for a moment? I’ll… I’ll go see what she wants.”
Steve parted his lips and slipped his tongue into Tony’s mouth, dancing it lightly over the edges of his teeth and wrapping it around his own.
“There are no guarantees in this life, my friend. Sometimes, we need to believe,” Thor replied and nodded his head in Tony’s direction. “I think you know that.”
He wanted to write more, but reminded himself that this was very much not his tower, and he had no idea how many cameras and microphones were stuffed in this room alone. It wasn’t safe enough.
“Yes, sir. Captain Rogers and the other Avengers are all present in the common quarters,” FRIDAY replied. “ETA four minutes.”
Natasha rolled her eyes at him as he pressed her up against the wall and quickly entered her, sliding to the hilt.
They both struggled for breath, panting into each other’s mouths. Rolling to the side so he wasn’t crushing Steve, Tony pulled him along until his entire slight frame rested on top of him. With hands that still trembled, he smoothed Steve’s hair out of his face and pressed a tender, satiated kiss against his forehead.
“That’s good,” Steve murmured as he swallowed down more. Definitely not the bitter brew he’d forced himself to drink on his last day on the front lines. A pang cursed through his insides at the thought of how he’d left things. He thought of Bucky and of the last things he’d said to Tony, and wrestled both down. “Thanks.”
Steve shook his head and straightened his back, glancing at his friend with a sardonic smile. "I try not to."
“You have your reasons to be mad at me,” Steve continued after a long beat, leaning back with a heavy sigh. “Not that I didn’t wish you could overcome them, but… you have reasons. I respect them.”
amazing, groundbreaking even, when it came to artificial limbs, but to someone not so well versed in mechanical engineering, it might just be the sketch of a robot arm.
Tony grinned, spreading his legs as best as he could with his own trousers still around his hips. He watched Steve open the lube, pouring some on his hand before his index finger aligned with his entrance and edged inward ever-so-slowly.
As soon as they approached the large RV, they overheard a heated debate about driving arrangements between Rhodes, Tony and his father, which apparently resulted in Howard yelling ‘how his credit card had paid for the fucking Winnebago, and this trip was a complete waste of time anyway and everyone was going to do as he fucking said or else’. He ordered for Rhodes to drive, because in his opinion, he was the only one with ‘hair on his chest’. Then he had knocked back his whiskey, mumbled something incoherent to Tony and walked back into the house.
“Found him?” Tony asked immediately. The demand tore from his throat before the door latched behind the new arrival.
The sketches were nothing like Steve’s art, not as rough and emotional, but the accurate, careful lines of Tony’s blueprints had a beauty of their own.
Or maybe it was time to go back to the one place he truly belonged. Maybe his brothers had been right all along.
The form in the cradle was still and alive in the blink of an eye. The pulse was gone—the rhythm of steady energy dying.
Steve deposited his bottle on the table when he came back and rummaged through the bag before pulling out the letter and handing it over to Bucky.
“The bunk bed has a window,” Bucky explained. “Did he, uh… okay, this sounds completely stupid, but—did he force himself on you, or something? I mean… Stark’s been obsessed with you from day one, and I always kind of figured he swung at least both ways, so…”
Tony was an enigma. Steve had seen flashes of selflessness, compassion and devotion in him before, and knew that deep down, Tony was a man who needed to be loved and accepted. He constantly second-guessed himself, his actions, as if he were always preparing himself for rejection.
Back then, he’d wished a lot of things. Mostly that Steve would come back. That they could somehow fix everything that had happened. That he could apologize for a lot of things, and yell at Steve for the rest of it. But never in his wildest dreams would he have imagined this.
At that, Steve moved out of Tony’s grasp and stalked to the backdoor. He stepped out on the patio, cold wind sweeping against his face. It was a clear morning, bright and a little cold, though clouds were banking on the horizon.
Getting married had never made it on his bucket list. With Steve, though… Marrying him wouldn’t be about putting a label on their love, it would just be that: saying yes for the sake of it. Giving Steve yet another declaration, with no second meaning at all. And having everyone know that Steve was
Steve’s shield flew all across the clearing, slicing a thin birch tree in half and making it fall right down on one of the three HYDRA tanks. A few agents jumped out of the vehicle in time, and instantly got hit by Clint’s paralyzing arrows.
“I think…” Tony started, “and please don’t take this the wrong way… but you’d probably do yourself a favor if you stopped comparing him to Bucky Barnes pre-Hydra, and start getting to know the man he is now.”
. And he hadn’t seen enough evidence to bother freaking out, no matter how much the little things slowly started to add up.
Now though, sitting in front of Peggy’s coffin, Steve’s hands wouldn’t stop shaking. Clamming and sweating, fidgeting and fumbling because he was just so darn unsettled. Because there was sad eyes and sniffling and grief everywhere and Steve had always had a habit of taking everything in around him and feeling it all tenfold.
Steve waited in Tony's room. He noticed that, despite the fact that he was still prone to get a flashback at any minute, the tension was gone. Even if he got one, Tony would be there and it would be alright. Besides, he didn't have much longer to wait, did he?
“They got out,” she whispered close to his ear, and with those words, she ushered him inside. She turned on the television, the volume turned off, and her expression was very grave. “FRIDAY got a satellite feed. Look.”
“Yeah, that’s… reasonable,” Tony conceded with a nod, taking a small step back. “I swear to God, being near you is turning me into a teenage-hormone-bomb, again.”
“Look,” Steve went on, “we could just go outside, prepare dinner, and talk about it like grown ups.”
put on one of his tighter-fitting jeans and dug both thumbs into his front pockets in hope Tony would notice.
And perhaps because he knew it was just a dream—that everything around him would return to normal the second he opened his eyes—Steve just stopped caring. He stopped caring altogether. It wasn’t real. He couldn’t be blamed for something that wasn’t real. No one could put him into prison for dreaming about another man. For doing something in his mind while he slept.
Natasha shrugged, as if genuinely unbothered. “Don’t be. He knew Steve from before the implants. Maybe those memories are stronger.”
“Good.” Steve’s voice was calm, despite it all; a soothing call of reason that he’d missed more than Tony cared to admit. A hand closed around his wrist, his other tilting Tony’s chin upward until he met his eyes again. “We’ll do it together?”
When the driller detonated, basically letting the whole island implode in on itself, Tony fell. The recoil of the detonation was too strong, causing a black-out on the Iron Man suit, and he took a swan dive from the floating island to save his team and the world. It was so easy, to let it all go. In a way, Tony supposed that everyone was born to die, but after everything that had happened during the last years, the concept seemed to apply more to him than anyone else.
Tony took a deep breath, and nodded, moving the scanner above Barnes’ head. It was easy to access the implants, easy to shut them down, even. It was the moments afterwards that mattered—and he had no idea what would await them on the other side.
“I just wish I could make up for what I did, with Wanda,” Vision said, even as he moved forward. “But this isn’t something that can be fixed.”
“Faster,” he demanded, and when Steve’s hand set into motion, stroking them faster, the spit and precome barely enough to make the slide easy, it was good,
From their bedroom, Tony could hear Steve’s soft breathing. For once, he was sleeping in, surely a result of him ranting about the media fallout well into the night. When Tony looked back over his shoulder, he saw Steve’s sleeping figure reaching out towards Tony’s space, instinctively searching for him.
Then he rose to his knees slowly, intently, never once breaking his eyes away from Steve’s. He was watching him closely, as though daring him to make a move. Steve didn’t. He couldn’t. He couldn’t even blink or twitch or frown.
Shaking his head, Tony turned off the shower head, and reached for one of the towels. He scrubbed himself off with quick motions, then walked into his adjacent wardrobe. Picking a jeans and a shirt, new socks and sneakers, Tony dressed, pointedly not looking in the mirror.
At that, he whimpered Tony’s name against into his mouth—a sound of surrender, even to his ears. That was it. There was no more fighting this.
Vision’s look turned assessing, and Tony scrunched his face, the wheels turning furiously inside his head.
He let Steve drag him down the stairs and through the doors. As soon as they stepped into the large training room, Tony took hold of his own jacket and hastily pulled it off.
Then, Obi drew in a deep breath, and whatever protest had been there was apparently dying on his lips. He swayed a little when he stood up, but before Happy could get to him, he was already waving him off. He straightened his back and assessed Tony for a moment longer, before he made to leave the shop without so much as another word.
They reached Camp Lehigh an hour later. It was a strange feeling—stepping onto the soil where it had all started. Steve’s mind was suddenly a collage of memories; only it didn’t feel like seventy-three had passed. Looking around, he could almost see his skinny self jogging down the path to the training site.
“I know,” Tony said quietly and logged into SHIELD’s security cameras. He could see the muted bridge lights of the three Helicarriers, and the park gleaming underneath them. Watching them slowly ascend into the air was an impressive view even under these circumstances. He leaned his head on the window, letting his breath fog the glass. The lights outside almost disappeared and he brought up his hand to wipe away the condensation. “Gotta take the birds down, then. Bye, bye, babies…”
“Third,” Steve corrected. He drew back, taking hold of himself as he pulled out of Tony carefully. “If you count the one time in the gym.”
Tony leaned further into Steve’s side and clapped a hand on his shoulder. “Come on, we could really use someone who isn’t on SHIELD’s top priority list right now. Someone Pierce doesn’t expect. Besides, you always say we need more flight power anyways.”
Barnes gave him a little unimpressed huff at that, which might’ve been a laugh in another situation, and then sat quietly as Tony cleaned his cut.
Sooner rather than later, they had to split up, and after a while, Tony was nowhere to be seen, vanishing within the large crowd. And that’s where Steve was left off—alone with all these strangers.
“It’s nothing,” Steve mumbled and made to stand up. “We’re good, it’s just… a misunderstanding. I’ll go talk to him.”
Tony yelped when Steve threw himself over the back of his seat, right into the place between him and Natasha. As soon as he heard Steve’s muffled grunt from the impact of the attack, the Winter Soldier was in front of the car in a flash, and a second later, Tony heard the
There was a meaning ringing behind those words that Steve couldn’t get his head around. “I don’t see the alternative,” he said on a frown.
Clint was staring at the road ahead, his hands positioned at ten and two, no expression at all on his face. His fingers flexed, and eventually, his right hand dropped from the wheel to Natasha’s shoulder, kneading the skin there. “It’s okay, 'Tasha.”
Steve stared at the empty wall of the little room, and loneliness cursed through his body that threatened to choke him. There had been many lows in his life: The many times he’d almost died during childhood, the day his mother had received the death notification of his father, or the day his mother had died of tuberculosis.
Obi raised a brow as he regarded him. “I told you I’ve made an appointment with the board. You have to show up at least once.”
He didn’t know how much time passed. Consciousness was an on and off thing, and Tony only became aware of his surroundings as Steve came running to him. He opened his helmet and chestplate with well-practiced movements and Tony followed his gaze to a bloodstain turning bigger right on Tony’s chest. Before he could wrap his brain around that, he hit the cement floor like a rag doll.
Natasha shrugged. The blankness in her eyes was beginning to unnerve him. She hadn’t put up that mask around him in a while now. “About two days.”
Never had Steve seen him like this, and the sight had his skin buzzing. As he wrapped a hand around Tony’s erection, he felt empowered and terrified and reassured all in the same beat. He pumped him in time with his thrusts and as he began to pound into Tony in earnest, a deep conviction settled inside of him.
Steve smiled at last, his fingers grazing his skin with unfamiliar intimacy, and something that had started as a simple gesture suddenly became momentous.
There was the hint of a smile on Steve’s face, and while his expression was still tense, he seemed calmer already. “Hey,” Tony murmured, leaning up a bit, and looking right into Steve’s eyes. He traced a finger along his cheekbone, and along his lower lip. “I’m good, and I’m not gonna go anywhere, kay?” He furrowed his brows. “I mean, when you love someone, it’s both the good and bad times, right?”
Steve chuckled lightly, and the motion rumbled against his skin in a way that was so thoroughly soothing Tony could get lost in the sensation. “And here I was half convinced you’d strangle me as soon as you woke up today.”
uttered such a comment. The fact that Bucky had to stay behind at Avengers Tower, while all of them were away on missions that often lasted more than a day, had taken a while to get used to—for both sides. Steve was constantly worried, even more so than Natasha, and Bucky himself… he didn’t deal well with ‘being useless’, as he’d put it.
“Not your fault. And you didn’t fail me,” Tony said, his fingers trailing over Steve’s temples. He really wished he would be looking at him. Small tremors were seizing his body, and he had a feeling it would take a long while to get used to having two whole lives stuffed into his head.
He hadn't dreamed of that incident in a while, but those dreams were never far from his mind. He was still struggling against the grating feeling of sand in his throat and a burning in his eyes. Bucky, Bucky was in danger. He was…
For a second, there was only dull gray in Tony’s mind, until he’d looked back up at Steve and saw… something. Maybe not quite love, but the potential for it.
“Says the man who thought I’d strangle him and still sat by my bed and patted my poor head all night. How’s that linear?”
“I came to say goodbye”, Steve blurted. “The air in Monte Carlo no longer agrees with Mister Hammer. We are going to leave this morning. I have to… say goodbye.”
If Pepper noticed the amusement in her husband’s voice, she made no note of it. “I just… I don’t understand. For months we tried to get you to live a little, and now you’ve just decided to throw a ball. In a
With the electric light out, only the dim illumination provided by the candles and the arc reactor bathed Tony in soft tones.
The phone in Tony’s pocket chirped loudly, bringing him back to the present. Irritated, he wiped at his eyes, likely smudging those tears with more leftover grease. Accepting the call via Extremis, Tony smiled slightly as he saw Pepper’s profile coming up.
Alright, first things first: He needed to figure out where he was. Only then, he could figure out a way to go back.
He heard footsteps, then Tony came up next to him. There was a small smile playing on his lips. “You wouldn’t have. He was offline back in your time.”
At that, Tony finally took a step into the room, then another. True to Friday’s words, every single one of the remaining team was around—at least those who were still residing on Earth, and not currently in medical.
The man in front of Steve stood with a grin and loose-limbed elegance; only his sharp eyes belied the casual pose. He was clearly anticipating Steve’s next move, but eventually, it seemed he could not wait any longer.
“What was that? I didn’t catch it,” Tony drawled and the playfulness in his tone had the weight on Steve’s heart lightening by the second.
Which didn’t really explain why he was in the workshop in the first place, Tony thought with an inward sigh. He knew Obi came down here often, looking at whatever project he was working on, whether or not Tony had given him permission. It was annoying as hell, to say the least, but Tony wasn’t stupid. Whatever Obi got into his hands here wasn’t exactly the interesting stuff.
He was going to transform Sokovia into one deadly meteor, and it was naïve to think they could stop the driller from doing what it was supposed to do. He wouldn’t be able to deactivate it in time, and one of Ultron’s bots only had to lay a finger on it and it was all going to go to hell. Within seconds, he saw the whole thing play out before his inner eye. It was an ‘either or’ kind of situation. Either they’d rescue Sokovia’s inhabitants, or everyone else. And Steve wouldn’t be satisfied with either option.
"There's something else," Bucky suddenly said, eyes wide with realization, when Steve turned back around. "Isn't there? Something's on your mind."
“It’s worth a try,” Rhodey supplied. The prosthesis around his legs were giving off a slight whirring sound as he moved, and Tony vowed to fix that as soon as he got the chance.
“On our way to Swiss, actually,” Steve corrected, and frowned. “But yes. Why does it matter? I know the situation looks grim, but once the war is over—”
Steve was too preoccupied with his own thoughts that it came as a big surprise when there were actually footsteps. It was even more a surprise when a very inebriated Tony stumbled around the corner. The scent of alcohol hit Steve six ways from Saturday, but was no match for the bewildered, glossy look behind Tony’s eyes and the predatorily silly smile upon his lips as he saw Steve standing there.
Still. Not being Iron Man hadn’t worked well for him in the past, and he wanted this. Wanted to be at Steve’s side for every part of the way. And for this, he could get around his insecurities.
“Well… we won’t leave for another half hour, and I know you’re not here for the view.” She paused meaningfully as she glanced towards the dreary landscape in front of them. A small smile grazed her red lips, and for a brief moment, Steve thought they could’ve been happy together. “And you look kinda terrible. Is it Barnes?”
“No, it wasn’t,” Natasha agreed. “But that doesn’t change who he is. And what he is, is someone you can’t save. I learned it the hard way and I didn’t want this life for you.”
God, was Tony attractive. His ridiculous facial hair aside, the kid had everything going for him in the looks department. Sharp features, dark skin, deep brown eyes, slim waist, nimble fingers…
He drew back a little at that, looking around. He spotted the row of shampoo and shower gel bottles and reached for them. Soaping his hands with the liquid, he ran them down Steve’s chest, caressing his stomach, before moving to his thighs.
Of course, it was hard to say if they really could have a future. After all, Steve had no idea how long Tony could truly stay away from Hell. If he could stay here on Earth at all.
Tony considered him for a long, quiet second before realization seeped inward. Then almost as inexplicably, a pang of humor clashed with adoration in the recesses of his eyes. “It’ll be better,” he promised softly. “I’m not at my best right now, but I swear to you, we’ll be so good together.”
There may not have been a specific reason for them being shown these memories, but he was certain that they were meant to meet again, especially in light of what had happened in their past lives.
“And with ‘the job’, she means me,” Tony called over and on a low breath, he made to stand up. He saw Happy walking into the room, and with Steve and Pepper at his back, he squared his shoulders and stepped up in front of Obi. “Look, we both know my dad made sure I wouldn’t take over the company before turning 21, and I’m fine with you pulling the strings in the meantime, but don’t fool yourself into believing you can talk to me the way you did back there. If you ever throw the slightest insult at me or Steve again, and I don’t care if it’s homophobic or not, you’re out, Obi, and I’m not kidding about that. I know you think you had me wrapped around your little finger for years, but I really only indulged you supervising me because I thought there’s a lot you can still teach me about the business. And you did, in your own way, which basically means I won’t do half the things you’ve been doing in the future, so thanks for that.”
“Yeah, looks like it,” Tony said, and Steve heaved a low breath of relief. “But now we need to get this psycho out of the picture. You said it was five of them?”
Steve almost wanted to ask him not to shave—he had grown strangely fond of that beard, as unkempt and wild as it was, but he knew Tony would want to go back to normal as soon as possible.
Steve’s brow found Tony’s and his hold on his hips tightened. “I’ll get you back for that,” he promised, and then, with a grimace that almost looked painful, he suddenly arched his pelvis into Tony, fighting to shove himself deeply into him whenever Tony pulled away.
Thor smiled at him. “There is nothing new under the sun, or so my dear Jane once said. You know very well that we don’t have many alternatives.”
“Not sure how we can get through this by fake-fighting them,” Rhodey said, his voice thoughtful. “Especially if
Anyway. They’d become friends. Best friends, really. Tony had helped Steve with physics, and Steve had helped Tony with his art class. For months, they spent hours playing video games, watching movies, or just talking well into the night.
Steve thought about all the reasons why they’d reached the decision they had, and how it was really the only course of action. The penal system had basically placed them all on international most wanted lists after his escape from Vienna. There stood a very real threat of them being eliminated on sight. Without a valid explanation for the terrorist attack in Vienna and coupled with the already existing lawsuit about the Winter Soldier’s actions, they wouldn’t withstand the scrutiny.
Steve nodded. “If there’s any chance you both can still stop the launch, you should take it. Besides… at this point we don’t even know who’s who, and I don’t want Hulk near SHIELD… if he killed someone who wasn’t HYDRA… I don’t want him to go through that again.”
He really didn’t know how to react when he closed his eyes and found himself in the strange room again. He’d never had the same dream twice before, and every detail was exactly the same.
,” Steve demanded, his head hanging low now. When Tony pulled his fingers free, Steve’s back arched. He groaned, loud and unashamed and beautiful, before his head turned aside to glance at him again. His eyes were glassy, his face flushed, and Tony leaned forward to kiss him deeply.
“Oh, you do,” Jarvis said gently. He was about to turn around and leave, but he seemed to decide against it in the last moment, instead he once more put a hand on Steve’s shoulder, squeezing it lightly. “I know Anthony isn’t an easy man to deal with and you’re still very young. But he is a good man. Try to remember this, for I know living here will put you through a great deal of trials.”
Steve blinked and finally quit his staring-contest, turning to him. He’d lost his helmet at some point and his eyes—his eyes were mirroring each and every loss he’d endured in the last few years.
With a sigh, Tony held him close, rocking him against his chest. “Shush.” Pulling him away from Natasha’s touch, Tony said, “It’s okay, I’ve got him. He doesn’t want anyone but me, I guess. It’s okay.”
“Well,” Stane replied. “I don’t mean to offend, but I think our business goes a little over your head. Or do you have any experience with the industry? Any sort of qualifications?”
Tony tried forcing a smile to his lips, and he brushed his nose along Steve’s. “You have no idea how much I want that,” he whispered, and while it didn’t sound like a lie… there was something in Tony’s tone that suggested it was impossible.
, he said over the comm, then hurled Steve down on the HYDRA group, effectively throwing a few of them to the ground before he even had the time to raise his shield.
“Wow,” Steve breathed, not really meaning to, but it brought once of Tony’s truly wicked, delighted smiles to his face, so Steve guessed it was alright. “You’re something,” he followed up, voice reverent.
Tony tossed a sideways glance to the tent outside and frowned. The day had been a jumble of mixed signals and jilted confusion. Steve had been so nice to him, and sometimes, he’d been almost openly flirting with him, which he’d never done so far. They’d been ‘creepy-close’, as Rhodey always put it—laughing and bickering and always
That got a snort from Tony. He raised his hands and shoved them both into Steve’s side. “You’re such an ass, Rogers. No one would ever believe me.”
And anyway, first and foremost, the other Tony would have been glad to know he’d made it here, after everything that had happened. That they’d defeated Thanos. Together. Not without losses, but at the end of the day, Earth was still there, and when Tony looked through the windows of Steve’s and his bedroom, he’d see the Avengers logo gleaming in the sunlight.
to go so… so you can come back. You’re a wanted man and I can’t protect you right now. Not if we want a chance to salvage anything in the long run.”
In any case, after all those months they’d spent here together, there was no anger in Tony’s eyes anymore. No loathing. And on most days, Steve couldn’t wait to go to sleep.
“No, you fucking well shouldn’t have! You shouldn’t know!” He turned back to Steve. “Why would I tell you that?”
Tony huffed—a shaky little sound. “I don’t know what this is,” he whispered. “It’s either driving me mad or bringing me back to life… and fuck if I know which.”
“But why now? He didn’t really make a big thing out of Thanksgiving last year. What if he’s fed up with the situation, and thought this was the polite way to go about it.”
“Ross doesn’t have a personal problem with Bucky, it’s bigger than that,” Tony said, his voice quiet and reserved and Steve found himself sighing as he, eventually, did step back.
Steve moaned lowly, like the sight alone was enough to bring him close to the edge. He pressed lingering kisses against Tony’s lips. “Did I even thank you yet?”
"DUM-E?" He blinked, looking around. "Where's Tony?" Because obviously Tony would have to be in the vicinity if DUM-E was set loose on campus. "Did you get lost?"
He and Bruce both knew they were running out of time… and there was nothing they could do about it. It had been a losing game from the start, simple as that.
Tony tried hard to ignore how those words affected him. He didn’t want to give Steve that. Didn’t want to believe anything he was saying. The moments they’d had—the ones when Steve stood a little too near, or their hands lingering on shoulders just a fraction too long; the ones with longing looks and contemplative stares—they were gone.
Steve shrugged. “We’ve both tried talking to them several times, and they haven’t budged. This is what they want to do, what helps them. Who are we to say otherwise? Maybe we can work on our tactics as soon as they’re done getting all that rage out.” He clapped his hands, then put an arm around Natasha and steered her into the direction of the facilities’ elevator.
Tony had been all-out staring at Steve for like ten seconds, too shocked to even cover himself. And Steve… After unsuccessfully trying to understand what was going on here, he’d burst out an incredulous ‘What the fuck are you doing?’, which… yeah. He hadn’t meant for it to sound so harsh, really, he’d just been caught off-guard. He hadn’t known Tony swung that way—at all. Tony had never
Steve frowned at the interaction. It seemed that there was some kind of tension between Pepper and Tony, one Happy apparently knew how to break. “Well, to be honest, I’m glad he isn’t here. He always makes me feel like I’m one bite away from the gallows.”
They quickly freshened up, ignoring the looks the others gave them when they walked into the RV that morning.
Steve beamed like a complete loon as though Tony had said something highly significant, then reached out to pull him into a kiss.
Steve leaned back heavily, his hands pressing onto the bed. It was… a bed. He was far away from that nightmare-scape. Things came into focus again, but slower, like he was wading through water. "What…"
“They’ll be busy being awed,” Steve replied, his voice dulled as he muttered the words into Tony’s suit jacket. “This is amazing, Tony. Can’t even imagine how many people this will help. To think you can finally get some sort of closure on things that haunted you your whole life… It’s wonderful.”
He and Tony weren’t touching; a good few inches of space lay between them. It might as well be a whole mile with the way they barely talked anymore.
Tony rolled his eyes, but softly blew against the flame until it died out, anyway. Steve had put so much work into the whole dinner, inviting all their friends, and even though Tony
Getting to know Tony had likely been the most revolutionary thing that had happened in his short adult life. He was consistently taking Steve’s expectations and blowing so far past them that he could barely keep up.
When Steve stopped, even though he didn’t turn around, Tony let go again. Skin contact probably wouldn’t do any good right now. His expression seemed pained, from what Tony was seeing of his face, and he would be offering him a couple of Advils or something, but it wouldn’t do Steve and his super-metabolism any good, anyway.
“That’s it,” Steve murmured into Tony’s wet skin as he stretched him further. When he looked up, he saw the way Tony was inhaling sharply, his eyes darkened, and before he knew what was happening, Tony already pulled at his shoulders, drawing him upwards.
After Sharon had stepped down again, the clerk addressed the crowd: “There will be a book at the exit devoted to your remembrances and thoughts. Every post will be copied to Miss Carter’s surviving family. Thank you all for coming.”
Bucky vaulted over the back of the sofa, his voice hoarse and thick, so soft that Steve couldn’t be sure if he had actually spoken. He rushed over, pulled Natasha in his arms and then—something he didn’t usually do—kissed her in front of all of them.
His death would be dreamless, but he wondered if Tony still dreamt himself into the room. If he thought about Steve at all while he was there, or if he was grateful Steve had finally made his exit.
Tony nodded. Together, they ate their breakfast, and he had a feeling that he couldn’t keep his secret to himself much longer.
Steve could easily feel the tension radiating through Tony’s body, could sense the confusion threading through his emotions, while every single one of them magnified and multiplied within him. This wasn’t what either of them had wanted for the team, and things would get less pleasant now, Steve knew it.
Tony almost bucked off the ground, when Steve edged his finger inside after a moment. “God, you’re gonna kill me.”
Steve was still for a moment. Sighing, he said, “Too much on my mind, anyway. And I didn’t want to sleep alone.”
. You were always soft at heart,” the soldier spat. “You might be able to fake it; you might even be able to make them believe it. But you will
He didn’t dream of Tony. Once he’d closed his eyes, he didn’t find himself back in the room, he only dreamed of the ice, an endless coldness. Somewhere in the distance, he saw brown eyes boring into him, heard someone call his name, but as soon as he jerked awake in the morning, he was alone.
Steve let those words sink in for a moment, but it was simply too much to grasp. At least, right now. There’d hopefully be a time for trying to understand Tony’s past—the Rebellion, the Fall, Hell, everything. For now, there were more important matters to deal with.
“Did you see how I flipped that guy in the air?” Sam was walking backwards along the corridor, facing Steve while they headed towards the medical floor. The Quinjet had just touched down on the roof of Avengers Tower, and Bucky had joined them on the landing deck, helping Natasha with carrying Clint inside.
“I get that this must’ve been confusing. I can only imagine how much,” Tony said. “But let’s be honest here. This…” He waved his hand at the space between them. “Won’t be happening, right? I mean… can
So much was different now and Tony couldn’t focus on anything without taking a detour to the ever-present question: Could he actually keep them together? With every day that passed, the heavier his burden grew. He might be on safe grounds right now, but it could all still blow up right into his face. Wanda and Pietro were nowhere to be found, the news stations—while not verbally flaying them alive each day—weren’t exactly their biggest fans, and Tony knew that the day Steve would have to fight Rumlow in Lagos was drawing nearer.
He wasn’t fool enough to believe everything would be alright so soon. Not twenty-four hours had passed since he’d felt the walls of his own world caving in. He still had to wade through the aftermath. And even then he wasn’t sure how much hope to assign to the future. He knew this was his second chance—or figured as much, anyway—but even in the darkest chamber of his heart, he’d never imagined an explosion anywhere near that magnitude. He’d never anticipated being so thoroughly gutted.
Several hands forced his body into the cold, fresh air. For a moment, there was nothing but light. Nothing at all for what seemed like an eternity. Then, the world appeared again in a blinding whirl of color and sound, and he was thrown, by some uncaring hand, onto some hard surface. For a moment, he could only lie there, gasping. His lungs hurt with each breath, as if they had become unaccustomed to the effort.
Steve must’ve looked as confused as he felt, because instead of maintaining her neutral expression, there was now an amused smile playing with Natasha’s lips.
Steve slowly leaned down and pressed his lips against the arc reactor, then licked one of Tony’s nipples.
Steve leaned back, and nodded. Tony cast him a smile and for a moment it seemed as if he wanted to reach out for him, take his hand, maybe. There was a fluttery feeling in Steve’s stomach at the thought, but at the last moment, Tony decided against it, coiling his hand into a fist instead.
The air fell still for several more seconds. Steve just stared at the two agents for a full minute, his pulse racing.
Tony however, didn’t want to ‘Live The Future’, as Mr Jameson kept proselytizing. It was hard enough just living in this present.
“Please, Captain,” Zemo said with a thick accent. “The Soviets built this chamber to withstand the launch blast of a hundred rockets.”
Tony just hugged him back, gaze wide and imploring. Every single one of his nerve endings was buzzing with jubilation and relaxed bliss. “Me, too.” he said, glancing at the side of his face. “I know that my attempt at… wooing you has been… well, ‘pretty crappy’ comes to mind, but if you have another term—”
It wasn’t fair at all that he was deprived of that chance. And there were only so many times that Steve could sit aside and watch his friend suffer.
The buzzing continued unabated. Jesus, his head hurt. He groaned out loud, stood up very carefully and looked around for his pants.
Tony laughed, still a little disbelieving. “Guess I was stupid. Stupid and insecure. I just thought I might be too old for you now, or that you were still mad. I was… I was a coward. I wanted to come here so often, I was going mad. When they found you, I was… shell-shocked. I mean, I had always hoped, but… Sixteen years is a long time.” Tony’s eyes searched him. “You… You really want this? I wasn’t kidding, Steve, I’m… kind of a mess. I’m not an easy man to deal with.”
"Most of these places are," Steve told the counter, before turning his head sideways to look at Tony. And sure enough, the guy still looked amazing. It really wasn't fair that he was seventeen. So close and so
"By the way… I think Vision is closer to JARVIS than FRIDAY is," he mused, and that was the honest truth. He'd had some interaction with FRIDAY, and it felt like he was talking to a less sympathetic, flatter version of JARVIS. It wasn't bad, the functionality was there, and everything worked properly, but those random jabs were missing. "But, to be fair, I miss him too."
The smile didn’t fade, but Steve only nodded. Didn’t matter if Tony acknowledged it, but the two had gotten along far better than they did a year ago. Calling them friends was likely pushing it a little, but they did share jokes, and had a mutual obsession with Mario Kart and Frappuccino coffee, so it wasn’t that far off either.
It was easy to see that Steve tried hard to school his expression into something neutral. And that probably meant that Tony wasn’t gonna like whatever plan they’d come up with while he’d been unconscious.
Curiosity got the better of him, so Tony reached for Steve’s hand before he drew it back, but Steve’s other one shot out and grabbed him.
Well, he sounded honest enough, Steve thought. And it was true that Tony hadn’t had a good night’s sleep for a few days. He often tossed and turned in bed, mumbling in his sleep, no matter how often Steve tried to soothe him.
Applying a squeeze to Tony's ass, Steve traced the cleft of it with a careful but intent touch. He couldn’t wait any longer, pressing two fingers into the inviting hole, mesmerized at the sight of it. He knew, logically, that Tony had come prepared, which meant this would work, but knowing it in theory was not the same as seeing it with his own eyes.
Holding up a huge remote control airplane with both hands, he stepped up next to Tony. He didn’t say anything, but his eyes were big and round with expectation.
Steve rushed over to him, putting a hand on his face. “Please, sweetheart,” he said. “We can find another way to…”
Steve groaned with the pain, smashing his head at Bucky to get away from him. Bucky had a hold on his arm though, and threw him right into the next wall.
“As much as I’d love to stay in here all day, your stomach is growling,” Steve said with an amused smile. “Think we better head over before the gang leaves nothing for us to raid.”
Truth be told, he didn’t like to think too much of his parent’s deaths and Barnes’ involvement in their apparent assassination. It was one of the many things Tony had pushed aside, hidden away in a dark compartment of his brain where he didn’t have to think about it. The reasonable part of him believed his own words, knew that it hadn’t been Steve’s Bucky who had killed those people, but a brainwashed shell of a man, who already didn’t exist anymore. And now wasn't the time to sort through any lingering doubts about that.
It felt like the end of time, the end of everything. And they all stood side by side, shoulder to shoulder, just like it was meant to be. Tony waited until Steve ducked and then let loose a blast from his gauntlet, making one of the minions that had come in Steve’s direction explode neatly. Sam was on the second one in a moment, and it too was history. The next blast missed its target by less than an inch, lodging in the robot’s shoulder, but the Hulk grabbed hold of its arms and slung it as hard as he could, breaking it in half. The robot fell on the ground, and Tony looked over to see Wanda Maximoff sprawled on the floor, a dazed look on her face.
Tony chuckled and squeezed his hand. “That’s one way to put it,” he observed, stepping aside as the robot, Dummy, bounded merrily in front of them, putting back a few tools Tony had used in the last hour.
Tony felt it build so quickly—an orgasm on the edges of reason, and he knew Steve was going to bring him to the stars with this one. He hadn’t even touched himself, goddammit, and apparently he didn’t need to, when, only seconds later, Tony cried out, shouting Steve’s name, as he completely broke apart with release.
“There’s a reason he’s only allowed to stay on Avengers ground so far,” Ross added. “It’s a safety measure for the people of New York. If it was my choice, he wouldn’t be living here, he’d be in a high-security psych clinic. And as long as either of you can’t swear an oath that he’s not dangerous anymore, it better stay that way.” He stared at Tony. “Or can you?”
you’re alright?” Rhodes asked, now looking at Steve as well, though his gaze was much more piercing. The unspoken question of whether or not Steve had done anything to hurt Tony hung in the air, but of course it wouldn’t be voiced while he was still around.
but words froze in his throat. A part of him was still licking his wounds, just as much as Steve. “What—”
, hoped that he’d be wrong about this. That Steve would see reason; would see that things couldn’t go on like this. But he hadn’t. And Tony had been too focused on getting his point across, that he hadn’t seen what had lay right before him.
“You’re my friend, too,” Bucky said, then, inwardly grimacing. He’d never been good at those kinds of talks, declaring his feelings and whatnot, not even before the war. It had always been strangely easy with Steve, but otherwise, he just didn’t know how to truly be himself around others.
to check every single room in this basement. And anyway, the suit can withstand a lot of pressure, even if the whole building toppled down on me, I would’ve had about a fifty fifty chance of survival.
He’d never been fucked this hard before. All he could do, as Steve practically plowed into him without mercy, was to hold onto the bench with everything he had. He tried thrusting back into every stroke, desperate to have more of Steve in him, but his movements were clumsy at best. He couldn’t keep up at all, completely lost in the sensation, and eventually just slumped forward and took it.
it—but there was something very intriguing about the idea of Tony losing control at his hands, for once not at all the very put-together man he was otherwise.
Tony nodded. After that, the walk through the basement was a nearly silent one. They walked through many corridors, and there was no one to be seen. Several times Steve glanced over at Tony, hoping to draw some sort of response from him, but he never even looked back. He seemed uneasy in his company, which he never had been, and more than a little annoyed with him.
He wondered often if going to the Sheriff and simply asking for shackles would be easier than trying to make amends.
He staggered upright and watched her race to the car, saying something to his target, and the next moment saw them racing across the grounds. She had a hard time getting the scientist out of his  range, though, the plump man was slowing her down, and the Potemkin Stairs offered no cover.
Steve pursed his lips and considered him. “Those stitches need to be taken out.” His jaw twitched, and his steadfast gaze finally broke. Served him right. “It’ll hurt if you wait any longer.”
With that, he let his fingers trail over the keyboards once more and played the first tune, then the second. His memory caught up with him fast, and he smiled as the melody echoed across the room.
. It was loud and brash and at the same time so piercingly, strikingly intimate, so intense, so unbearably perfect, that Steve found himself thinking how stupid he’d been for almost missing out on this.
The man chuckled. “Nothing quite like taking up a new one before the sheets get cold, huh? What’s he like?”
Time stopped as Tony crouched beside the bed and studied the sleeping man’s face. The beard made him look rougher, but that wasn’t what got to him. It was the tense set of shoulders, the tight line of his mouth, the little twitches of his eyelids as if he was reliving everything all over again. The tiny, nearly indiscernible breaths Steve took; the look he betrayed in his sleep reflecting more serenity than the world had to offer at the moment.
Tony felt himself hardening and his whole body grew hot. Yeah, that was—really not the time for a boner, he thought, but his eyes clearly had other ideas as they took in Steve’s broad back, his thinning waist, his pert ass and very nice thighs.
Steve turned his hand in Tony’s, pushing his fingers open with his until their palms pressed together. He stared at them, and Tony wondered if he was as fascinated by how perfectly they fit together as Tony was. He twined his fingers through Steve’s, and for a long moment, as the elevator moved towards the garage floor, they just stood there, clasping hands.
“I love you, baby,” Tony whispered. “Sorry your papa can’t be here tonight, I’m sure he’s thinking about you a lot.”
It had been a while since Steve last visited Bruce’s lab. As the door opened to reveal an unfamiliar face, he had to wonder how long exactly. He stood back, taking in the words before snorting out a short laughter. Whoever this kid was, he was probably new on the block, although Steve wasn't quite sure what he was doing here.
He sat the wings down on Sam’s shoulders, clipping the harness in place. Then he looked down at a small emitter, pushing it back into the frame of Sam’s right wing. The power storage cell gave off a low hum at that, the articulation joints on both wings moving back and forth in a test motion. “Looks good,” Tony said, checking every seam twice. “I’m gonna do a proper once-over when we’ll get back to New York. It’ll work much smoother with a vibranium alloy and a little repulsor power.”
Tony turned around with a frown. At first, he didn’t recognize the man in front of him. The features were unfamiliar, but the eye patch certainly wasn’t. And Tony’s mouth quirked upwards when he met Nick Fury’s gaze that looked so disapproving it
Natasha was seated at the kitchen counter, idly flipping through the newspaper. There were two unclaimed plates at the counter bar. “Hello there,” she said with a sly smile. “Didn’t know whether or not to expect you today.”
Bucky took the paper out of Steve’s hands when prompted. “Well, no one died today, that’s the good news.”
Tony shrugged, dismissing his apology. “Wasn’t really sleeping. My back hurts like hell. For whatever reason, Extremis doesn’t take care of that. Who was it?”
“Then you have to stop doing this to him!” Pepper yelled, throwing both hands up in despair. “Steve will never be like Indries! Can’t you accept that? All he wants is to be with you! How can this be so hard?”
Tony handed Steve his tablet with the newest data on Barnes’ progress and leaned forward to look through the window into his cell. Barnes was asleep. Or pretending to do so, at least. With Barnes, it was nearly impossible to tell the two apart—even though Bruce was both monitoring his heart rate and his breathing.
"I don't know," said Steve, managing to find his voice at last. The headache he'd felt the first time returned full force, and he shut his eyes tightly.
“Я буду помнить за нас обоих,” she said, then. It was meant to be soothing, but her voice sounded almost as desperate as he felt. As though it was more a curse than a blessing.
and who looked so intimidating that Steve would’ve loved to simply drag Tony out of here and never return.
“If I’d known all it took was some state-of-the art, world-changing bionic arm, I would’ve put my mind to it sooner…” he murmured, grinning against Steve’s lips.
Steve certainly was the most bossy bottom Tony had ever slept with and… God, he loved every second of it.
“I’m okay,” Steve said and stood up. Tony’s eyes took him in, and now he felt insanely stupid that he hadn’t recognized that wide set of shoulders.
And yet, he was scared. More scared than the whole time at the front lines. More scared than the moment he’d been injected with the serum, because if Tony looked at him with indifference, Steve wouldn’t know how to keep going.
He should have seen this coming. Like Natasha had tried to make him understand, he should have predicted the possibility that Bucky wouldn’t recognize him at all.
Now, Tony grinned, brushing a hand through his hair. “I… wish there was something more tangible that I could give you, but… All I can say is: Our lives are about as wonky as they’ve ever been, but… it’s better since we got together. We make sense, much more than you might think.”
There was a long silence. Steve shook his head at himself. “Sorry… It’s none of my business. I shouldn’t have asked.”
, Steve thought, and felt himself freezing. That was… he had no idea where that thought had come from, and he fought hard not to let the shock over his own words show. “That’s… that’s a relief,” he said instead.
"I'm glad you like it," he said, smiling back, before tentatively reaching over to touch Tony's hand. "You alright?"
“Ba-ba go?” Ian asked, demanding some attention from his father. Steve looked so startled for a moment that Tony couldn’t hold back a fond smile.
Tony sighed when Steve didn’t say anything, his arms wrapping around himself as if he had to hold himself together. “You should get settled in,” he said, his voice kind. “The others are staying here as well. I put Wilson and Barnes next to your room, which is—still the same. Nothing has changed, so… yeah, you’re all welcome to stay as long as you want.”
“Love you,” Tony agreed breathlessly, pressing himself against the pillow and arching into Steve’s chest with a loud moan. “Ohh fuck…”
Steve met his eyes and shot back the same determination he was giving him. The same irritation. The same resignation.
Steve stopped. They were standing in front of his room now, and only when Natasha turned around, he realized he was staring. “Really?” he breathed.
“No.” The word was short, abrupt, but definitive. “That’s not what I meant,” Steve murmured, and let the hand on Tony’s knee trail upwards until Steve was cupping his dick through his dress pants.
Steve snorted. “And here you were yelling at everyone about wasting time and gas just two a days ago.”
Tony found it always a bit worrisome how simply their plans to save the world were crafted, outlined, and executed. After Fury’s arrival and their short naptime, it was now close to morning, and there were only a few last moments to spare until they’d all leave the farm. He would take the suit and fly to Oslo while Steve and the others would stop Ultron from building himself a new body. That’d be that… And all they could do was hope to see each other again afterwards.
The last week stood in stark contrast to that, though, and the atmosphere was about as fizzy as carbon dioxide. This was the last day of term, after all. Half the teachers had taken their classes outside. Not the geek squad, though: they were trapped in the basement.
From what Steve knew of Howard Stark, he really hadn’t anticipated anything different from the man. Steve tried to cast Tony a sympathetic glance when he and Rhodes became aware of their arrival, but Tony’s expression only turned into the usual mix of embarrassment and anger, and he dropped his shoulders and walked inside the RV as fast as he could.
about him, including all those times Tony had been bitching about Steve. If there was even a small part of JARVIS in there, Tony was likely in for a few very gleeful jibes.
Wanda didn’t answer with words, but her small smile said it all. She was right, Steve figured, there was a lot that everyone had to be thankful for on this day.
“Please don’t make me stop trying,” Steve said, confirming every single thought running through Tony’s head. “If you… I won’t risk bringing you in danger, you
“I think this country deserves more security, Phillip. It’s time even the superheroes are held accountable.”
By now, the robot was on his own, with the rest of the Iron Legion suits crumbled on the ground all around the room. There was only one of them left, and the robot raised it with one hand, squeezing its mask so hard it crumbled. “With these?” he asked, sounding amused. “These puppets? There’s only one path to peace: The Avengers’ extinction.”
Things were decidedly not okay between them. And a part of him—a rather large part—still hated Steve a little bit for what had happened. For not talking to him about his parents, for not believing in him enough to work together.
“You said we did a lot of damage in your time,” Bruce said. “And I see why we would need to work on that. If we can offer the UN some kind of safety net, I assume they might not push for a lawsuit at all.”
your friend, too,” Tony shot back, finding himself clutching at Steve’s shoulder, and the imminence of his tears grew even sharper.
They trailed after him as he made his way towards his main workstation and only stopped when Tony turned around again, the blueprint in his hand.
She was young; couldn’t be much older than eighteen, and still—she’d been introduced to him as one of the world’s most deadly assassins. He wondered how long she’d been in the business.
A breathy gasp left Tony’s lips when Steve touched him. He moved against his hand before he could really help himself. Half of his mind was still busy processing the words Steve had returned in kind, because while he’d known, hearing it for the first time—as cheesy as it sounded—was something to be memorized.
Steve sighed, but accepted the brush-off—for now. The entire situation was bound to be awkward for both of them; he just needed to figure out how to handle it. He knew Tony was embarrassed, knew that he was hurt.
. But now—here—alone with Tony, he sported a tilt of his head, a half-lidded, inward-turned gaze, and an overall unhappy expression.
James. Only one person had ever called him by his birth name. And with that, he suddenly remembered the face that had been missing all along.
Tony sighed and put a hand on Steve’s shoulder. “You and I… we don’t have that kind of relationship. The kind where we say things just to make each other feel better. We’re honest, even if it hurts. And you’re not okay.”
Then he grabbed a rusty butcher knife from the counter and held it up in the air, staring at Steve. He placed its tip on the island and dragged it behind him as he made his way around it, the scratching sound filled the air.
“You gonna yell at me now or later?” Tony asked, trying to sound unbothered, when, in reality, his heart was beating a mile per minute.
For a blessed second, Tony allowed his tormented soul to believe that there was something to salvage here. That he could find the words that were needed to convince Steve that Tony wasn’t exactly what he was.
A stab of nervousness went through him that Tony stomped down immediately. It would all work out. They had put so much effort into this, it just
A beat. So it really was true. They had found Indries’ lost boat at long last. Steve swallowed hard. “Are you sure?”
"Basically, coming here was my last option before stepping into heavy traffic," Bucky concluded. His voice made it seem as if he was joking, but it was the simplistic nature of that statement, the lack of grave drama that let Steve know Bucky was serious about this.
Steve wasn't even looking at Tony, turning to shovel food into his mouth so that he wouldn't spew anything more embarrassing. By the time he swallowed, he'd come up with something a little more refined to add to that. "But just so we're clear, I'm not a big fan of stuffed animals."
Pietro stepped up next to his sister. Steve took a moment to glower at him before he cradled Tony’s head against him.
Steve grinned, glancing back over his shoulder again, and… Christ, Tony was just too damned attractive, gaze intense, mouth turned down into a pout that made his bottom lip look extra biteable. The fact that he was now outright flirting with him, all the subtlety from before gone, wasn’t exactly helping.
“Since when?” Tony repeated and smiled amiably. “How about… since the first time you told me you love me?”
nice dinner, which was overpriced in a way that still had Steve’s toes curl, but he could admit he loved seeing Tony’s eyes twinkle whenever he tasted something he liked, and they hadn’t been to a nice restaurant in ages, so Steve guessed they could indulge in a little luxury.
Those people had never stopped being friends, and Bucky was glad for it. He simply didn’t know where he fit into that picture, now more so than ever.
Every roll of thunder seemed to make the ground shutter. He flew a half circle around the floating city, searching the under side for the driller’s exit. When he found it, he removed a bit of rubble with pointed repulsor beams, then took position.
blushing, but it was a close call. He couldn’t help laughing out loud, though, when he nearly lost his footing at the first goddamn step and Steve ended up almost carrying him to the gym’s toilets.
When they both smiled at him, Steve knew that he’d made the right decision. He should’ve freed them from worrying about the others sooner, and while they had often forgotten their surroundings, they had also held back, and that wasn’t what this was about, exactly.
It had been their first real Avengers mission after what had happened in Washington. A lead on a HYDRA research base in Eastern Europe had come up, reports of experimentations on humans led by a high-ranking member of HYDRA called Strucker. So they’d taken a Quinjet and raided the area. The whole building complex had been cleared out, though, and whatever HYDRA camp had once been set up there, they had obviously gotten a heads-up. Strucker had left them a little surprise party though, a few dozens of HYDRA agents that had offered a fair share of resistance. It hadn’t taken the team very long to get the situation under control, but in the end, the mission had still taken up most of the night.
Tony groaned, but he did follow him. “You’re being unreasonably cruel when you’re supposed to be completely smitten by me.”
“Tony,” he began. “It’s easy to place the blame for this on yourself, but you're not responsible for anyone’s actions but your own. You're not a fortuneteller. How could you possibly foresee what Steve would do?”
Tony frowned adorably. “I did?” he asked, then huffed dismissively. “Ugh. That’s your fault. It’s Bucky-here, Bucky-there all day, of course it caught up on me. Doesn’t mean anything.”
“Forty days,” Tony said, bringing Steve out of his reverie. “You’d think they’d have found us by now.”
The room was alight with color, his ears were ringing, and Steve was still very much inside him. It felt like an eternity had passed for light to pierce the fog swimming around his head, and when it did, he felt Steve’s cock slipping out and the sound of his small groan was perhaps the most erotic thing Tony had ever heard.
to build this. Banner’s a good man, and he’ll do good things with it. I know for sure because he has to get your approval for basically every step he takes.”
,” Obi echoed, and he didn’t exactly yank his hand out of Steve’s grasp, but it was a close thing. “Really, are we doing this?” he asked on a sigh, looking at Tony with an expression that was an interesting mix of disbelief, exasperation, and annoyance.
So Tony and Bruce had led Steve to the medical cell that they had set up for Barnes the day of his arrival. It had been one of the first Hulk-Out rooms, and it had gone virtually unused so far. There was a large bed in the middle and a few non-visible cabinets with medical equipment and lots and lots of tranquilizers. Aside from the reinforced glass front surrounding it, and the various restraints and shackles that could be retracted from the bed and walls, it was a simple yet comfortable room, but those details were of no meaning to Steve at the time.
Natasha had been quiet the whole way home. They were both wrapped up in their own thoughts, neither one of them willing to share at the moment. Steve had a feeling he knew what was going through her head—it wasn’t the first time she’d had to decide between her loyalty to the Avengers and SHIELD—but he hadn’t really wanted to revive the discussion anywhere but inside the safety of their home in New York.
“Least I could do,” Strange answered curtly. The crooked smile on his lips was a little unsettling, something in his expression looking almost amused, but Steve decided he was probably just imagining things.
“Steve’s not going to stop,” Tony said and pinched the skin between his eyes. “Whatever it is that has him do what he does, he won’t stop until he sees it through. What do you expect me to do?
It was hard to find words for how much he’d hoped to hear those three words from Tony. He hadn’t dared to hope that someone like Tony could ever love someone like Steve. And now that he had them, he didn’t know what to do with it.
It was late, the part of night when daylight seemed too close and darkness was already beginning to fade. Exhaustion was beginning to really set in and the effects of all the emotional ups and downs of the last seventy-two hours were starting to wear on Tony. He wanted so badly to go to the bedroom, collapse on their bed, preferably with Steve in his arms, and just sleep for hours. If not days.
That brought a pained grimace to Tony’s face. He rubbed a hand over his face, looking for all the world like he was being torn in two. “I think it’s best if you leave the ball now,” he whispered, his eyes shining. “We’ll talk about this another time.”
To Tony’s surprise, it wasn’t Natasha who spoke up first, but Vision. He was seated in the middle of the couch, his body emanating that typical ethereal aura of his, but his face was all smug knowledge. “I believe congratulations are in order?” he asked. Next to his feet, Wanda’s eyebrows shot upwards as she regarded first Steve, then Tony.
Steve’s eyes widened. He recognized it for what it was—a last cop out. Tony thought he wanted to stop? Now?
In a swift movement, Steve pulled off his goggles as well, and looked at him like he was the second-coming. “I love you, too,” he said, and moved forward to press as kiss against his lips.
Unabashed, Steve let his hands touch Tony more teasingly. He slid his fingers along already known paths, poking at sensitive spots and sliding over firm muscles.
, blue like the bluest part of the ocean, looked at Tony like they could see straight through him—and right into his heart.
His face was level with the side of Tony's head, and he leaned closer, his lips hovering right next to his ear. "Tony…" he whispered. "What do you need?" He let his own hand cover Tony's but was careful not to touch him intimately. Not yet.
"It can be ‘sleek and graceful’ however much you want, but it's still made of the strongest alloys you can make in your shop and I
The air could not have been heavier. Silence stretched between them. Bucky made no move to even acknowledge that he had heard Bruce speak.
As he rounded the corner to his street, though, he paused. Or maybe ‘froze completely’ was a better word.
Steve reached for Tony’s thighs again, drawing them apart a bit further. He pulled back, then thrust into him again experimentally. Tony pushed back, gasping. They traded another look, and after a few shallow thrusts, it seemed they came to a silent understanding. Tony shifted and suddenly, it was a whole new angle, deeper and oh
Whenever he’d tried, Tony had brushed him off with harsh words and angry eyes, so Steve knew better than to try again.
The observation earned a shrug in turn. “I just don’t see where the conflict comes in. You have to get used to this time either way, right? You like him, he likes you. Where’s the problem?”
“Hap,” Steve said next to Tony. Probably speaking into his phone, Tony guessed. Everything around him was a buzz. “Let’s go. We’ll meet you out front.”
There was the slightest tremor in her voice; one more thing that was so clearly different about her.
He slammed the phone back down on the table and drummed his fingers on the surface in frustration. Opening one of the desk’s drawers, he threw it in, and stood up.
Vision nodded, and reached for Tony’s hand as soon as the door had closed. Tony was very still and very pale against the white sheets, and Vision found potent worry eat at him.
There was a minute’s consideration. Fury winced as he stood up, effectively torn. The look on his face was a mixture of worry and fret, and he looked completely out of sync with whatever it was he was trying to grasp. “Pierce might be—”
Tony took a long, hard look at him, then. He looked mostly like he’d looked when he’d vanished right in front of him, only a few hours ago. And yet, he looked different, too. His hair—the uniform—the expression on his face when regarding Tony.
A surprised smile tugged at Steve’s lips and he was reaching for Tony’s hand. “That’s what I meant: I’m really glad you’re my friend. I just wanted you to know that if you need someone to talk to, I’m here.”
It was intoxicating to have someone at his side who was exactly his equal, who could meet and match his every move. Tony had never had that sense of partnership before. Not like this.
“Aww, Barnes.” Tony said in a tone that clearly betrayed his surprise. “I knew you secretly liked me.”
“Don’t be ridiculous, Tony wouldn’t break up with him. He’s been wallowing in lover’s grief for weeks.”
It seemed Tony’s life had become a walking contradiction. Only a few years ago, he’d been a playboy and he’d known nothing in the world could ever come of it. He’d only showed up at these kinds of events to drink himself stupid before banging whoever came home with him. Then he’d met Steve, who had reshaped his world, giving him new hope. And now he was that kind of guy who had butterflies in his stomach while he was slow-dancing on some gala with his husband.
