Briefly, Dean wondered if the Mark could sense an angel was nearby and had decided to recoil a bit, too. It probably could.
Surprisingly, the words did ease his mind quite a bit, as the thought that even as Cas had been working with Crowley behind their backs, the angel had still been worried about their safety actually registered in his mind, and Crowley had sort of crossed him a little by banishing him in the end. Those thoughts were enough to melt away some of the tight feeling that had suddenly settled inside his chest, and it was a weird thing to have Crowley be the reason for that, the one who had tried to make it go away in the first place, but Dean chose not to dwell on it too much.
kiss me back, let alone add tongue into the mix. They definitely didn’t let it go on for too long, either, and I’m assuming straight guys work the same way—actually, my guess is that they’re even
But he didn’t say any of that, because he didn’t know who may be listening. He wasn’t sure how much the hybrids who’d taken him knew about Cas and the others, or about Rowena, but he knew he definitely shouldn’t share too much information about them right now. If the others really had any chance of finding them here, then he had to make sure that their enemy knew as little as possible about how many of them had come to Pontiac, and about their game plan.
Castiel stared at Gabriel for a moment, trying to make sense of what he'd just seen. There was nothing but empty air in front of the archangel now, nothing on the spot where Hannah had been standing merely a couple of seconds ago, which meant he hadn't killed her, but sent her somewhere else. Castiel could not imagine where, however, and he even opened his mouth to ask that question, but he did not get the chance to actually form the words and push them past his lips.
"What is it?" he asked.
A small, amused huff sounded from the small speakers. “You really need me to explain it to you?
he’d literally run away from him after Dean kissed him.
exactly could be after us, or even if there really was anyone looking for us, but… we were fine, there was no denying that.
The house only had one master bedroom with an old, hard queen bed. Normally that would mean some rock, paper, scissors to decide who would take it (which basically just meant that Sam would have it, really, because the damn moose won every time), but now automatically that was Dean and Cas’ room since they were the only couple in the group (it still felt a little weird to hear Sam say that so naturally), while Sam and Charlie took the other smaller rooms for themselves.
Cas shook his head weakly. “No. The idea is not at all appealing to me. But I need to go.”
What also didn’t make sense was that he was leaving their victims alive, as well as warning about the attacks right after they happened. This guy had had the Margaret woman hear Ron screaming from inside her room, and with this last one, the neighbor from the right side of the house had heard a car’s engine going crazy and a lot of honking, so he had looked over the fence and then called for help when he saw Thomas lying on a pool of his own blood on the grass.
to end them. It hurt to resist it, to fight the urge the Mark pumped into his body like poison running through his veins, just like it always did, and it was truly alarming how hard it was getting to fight it; to push it away from his thoughts. It hadn’t been like this since before he and Cas had bonded, and that was a very,
Castiel did not remember much after the hospital. He recalled Dean guiding him through the hospital hallways and settling him into the Impala, but after that, the memories became hazy and unfocused, like he was looking at the scene through dirty glass. He must have lost consciousness at some point, too, because the next thing that came to his mind as he attempted to remember more was Dean grumbling to himself and so obviously drunk lying on top of Castiel on a motel bed.
Well, part of it would be over, anyway. Removing the Mark wouldn’t make Heaven and the Stynes suddenly stop looking for them, of course, but, well, one step at a time.
Sam took a step forward when the girl continued to try—and fail—to lift her mother from the floor. “Claire, let us help you.”
So yeah, Dean kind of understood where Gabriel’s annoyance had come from.
*peeks out from behind the corner*
He was already starting to lose hope on their current task by the time they opened the fourth box, already wondering if maybe this whole mission to find something in this house had been nothing more than a complete waste of time, considering they'd been here for almost three hours now and had yet to find anything at all. However, as soon as Dean glanced inside the fourth box, he realized that there was something different about this one. He actually felt his heart jump inside his chest as soon as his mind registered the sight right before his eyes, letting out a relieved breath at finally,
But as he could do nothing about that now, Castiel pushed those thoughts away, choosing to instead focus his attention on checking on the baby.
Sam was already stumbling toward the door by the time the angel was done talking, already throwing on a jacket over his shirt, looking very alarmed. “Do you know where he is?”
Castiel shook his head weakly. “No, I…” He swallowed, swaying a bit on his feet. “I think I need to go to a hospital.” He wasn’t sure what was happening to him, why he suddenly didn’t seem able to even stand properly anymore, but whatever this meant, it just couldn’t be good. Maybe it had something to do with whatever Meg had injected him with, he reasoned, or maybe it was the head wound from when he’d hit it against the wall after Tom pushed him. Or maybe he was just having a panic attack—he really couldn’t tell. Either way, he was pretty sure he should go to a hospital.
Sam heard a snarl coming from somewhere to the side, and he jumped a little again. He’d honestly forgotten about Juliet, but well, he couldn’t actually
you’ll kill me.”
couldn’t go back home yet, but also because having Dean, Cas
to believe that you’d never hurt Dean, that you’d do
disappointed." He did that eyebrow wiggling he always did, which only made Dean all the more angry, because the bastard wasn't taking any of this seriously at all.
he needed. That wall around Cas’ mind was still up, solid and tall and pretty much impenetrable, so Dean knew that the angel still wanted to be left alone.
Those words kept echoing inside Dean’s head on a loop, and although Cas had clearly not recovered yet, Dean still felt a wave of relief washing over him, because the fact that the angel had regained consciousness at all had to mean something, right? Cas had healed enough to wake up, as slow as his recovery was being, and that had to be a good sign. It just had to be.
“Only every fucking day,” Dean groaned, “I practically can’t eat. Almost everything makes me nauseous, and not just in the morning.”
right now. The hunter actually had to hold himself back from wrapping his legs around Cas' waist to pull the angel even closer, to press their freaking
“She said she found me… curious. I’m an angel that doesn’t fit in up in Heaven, with the other angels, but that doesn’t really fit in down here on Earth, either. She said I’m like a fish who thinks it can live on land.”
So the hunter lifted a hand again, letting his fingers brush soothingly against the rough skin of the angel's cheek. "I'm ready, Cas. Please."
“Well, I haven’t been ‘lurking around’ enough to see anything interesting, if that’s what you’re worried about, pretty boy,” Gabriel waggled his brows and winked, which had Dean glaring at him, though he could feel his face heating up without his consent. Dean saw Cas shift to his side, and he could only imagine the deadly glare Cas must be giving the archangel then. he surely felt his irritation to the bond. “Oh, and by the way, just in case you’re wondering, you have the green light for that. Completely harmless, and actually pretty healthy, too. Just don’t go overboard, if you get what I mean.” The bastard fucking winked
But Dean had been insistent, and he had somehow found Castiel in that endless forest, even with Castiel attempting every day to keep a distance between them, to keep the hunter safe from the Leviathan and any other threat the magnetic presence of a seraph might bring upon him in a land of monsters.
Sam let out a breath at that, letting himself fall onto a chair across from Charlie at the table. He hadn’t been able to see Dean’s face as clearly as Charlie had, when the girl had been standing right before his brother for most of the conversation while Sam had been standing a few steps behind his brother, but he could easily imagine what she was describing. And at that image, his mind went straight back to the subject he had been dwelling on for a few days now, to no avail.
“Oh, you damn fucking—”
. Hell, Jody probably has all her files and stuff already, about all the foster homes and all the trouble she got in over the last few years. And that means that…”
With a huff, Dean lowered himself back onto the bed.
“We stopped by yesterday, but we were informed you were not home,” Cas commented, setting his mug back down.
enjoyed the sound of it.
name. He honestly couldn’t remember, so he had absolutely no idea who this guy was, or where he could be calling him from.
“No, I… I have never met my Father,” Cas replied, shaking his head weakly. “He’s very secluded. Only a handful of angels have actually seen Him.”
They began making their way through the first floor of the house, and they only had to take down two more Stynes that came out to fight them, which Cas took care of just as he had before with an ease that startled Sam a little. The angel really shouldn’t be putting himself in harm’s way like this, and he definitely wasn’t strong enough to handle a fight like this and just be okay later on, so for a brief moment Sam found himself actually worried about the wild look of rage in the angel’s eyes, about how suddenly his movements had become more violent and stronger than they should with his Grace so weak, as if something was fueling his power somehow. The look in his eyes, the emptiness, and blind rage that could be seen so clearly in them was way too similar to what Sam had seen in Dean's because of the Mark.
do it.
And of course, that memory came accompanied by a tight, uncomfortable feeling in his chest and by a powerful, overwhelming wave of nausea that flooded his insides way too fast and that almost had him doubling over right then and there. He suddenly felt like his heart weighted a freaking ton inside his chest, like he was about to just spill the contents of his stomach all over the freaking floor as he stared at the spot where it all happened, at the last place he’d seen Cas alive.
Dean nodded again. Okay, so they did know a few things. That was good. “Yeah, that’s pretty much it. After that we went back to the Bunker, and… well, it just took me a while to even wrap my head around this. I didn’t… I might have freaked out on Cas a little when we first found out.” And by that he meant that he had pretty much taken off in the middle of the night, driven aimlessly through a bunch of dirt roads for about an hour and somehow ended up in a clearing in the middle of nowhere, where he'd stayed sitting on the Impala's hood out in the freezing cold until Cas had eventually found him. He wouldn't tell them about that, of course. “That’s why I decided to wait at first. I couldn’t even… I was still processing, so I just thought I should wait.”
But the closer he got to the building, the clearer it became to him that the smell wasn’t coming from
her arrive not even half an hour ago. She had to be lying. “Cas, we saw her—”
Sam could only nod in response, the movement tense and slow. He knew it probably wasn't hard to figure out that he wasn't happy about this, considering he wasn't making any effort to hide his frustration, but Cas either didn't notice it, or he just chose to ignore it. The angel simply gave the hunter one final nod before he turned back around without another word and started walking toward the kitchen door again.
"No, Cas," he was quick to reply, shaking his head vehemently, because he definitely couldn't have Cas thinking that he'd done something wrong. He smiled soothingly at the angel, lifting a hand to cup the seraph's face. "You're doing... Fuck, you're doing great. No, you're doing
Jess shook her head, smirking a little. “No, but I did braid his entire hair with purple ribbons and tiny little pink bows at the tips last week while he was sleeping. I took a few pictures before he woke up, too.”
It was settled then that they would not be going to Mableton. They headed to North Carolina instead, and no matter what the outcome of the case in Fayetteville turned out to be, they planned to head to the Bunker next, since Cas' car was still there, where they would part ways. The single thought of returning to the Bunker was already enough to make Castiel feel lighter, even if he would be going back empty handed. He had been away from Dean and the baby for almost a month, and he was glad it was finally time to see them again. Phone calls and texts toned down some of the anxiousness from the distance, but it wasn't quite enough.
Just like the previous time he had tried to reach Cas, his calls were left unanswered. Dean didn’t even bother to try more than once, instead just going straight to leaving a message in hope that Cas would actually return his calls soon.
Didn’t your mother teach you any manners?”
Hannah frowned, tilting her head to the side in that way Dean still connected to Cas, but that seemed to just be yet another angel trait. “Why would he be joking?”
And once Dean was lying properly on his side and his wings were no longer in the way, he lifted his arm again in another silent invitation, and this time, Cas didn't resist. The angel moved quickly, joining the hunter the bed, lying down right beside him and scooting as close to Dean as he possibly could, before wrapping an arm around the hunter and pressing their bodies close together. Cas' left wing vanished under them and into the mattress, and Dean couldn't help but wonder if it just... hung there, if it just dangled from the ceiling on the floor below them, because that would be pretty weird.
Dean nodded, although he wasn’t paying that much attention to the words the angel was saying anymore. But then again, who could blame him, really? The angel's deep, gravelly voice whispering into his ear; the way Cas’ hand was dragging over his skin and caressing every single feather it found in its path so lightly, so
It really hurt him to think that he would never see them again, though. He would never go to another family gathering, would never sit down with the people he loved the most in this world to enjoy his mother's cooking and spend some quality time together. He would never laugh with his siblings again, or be a subject to Gabriel's relentless teasing.
It still hurt like a bitch, though, since this was only the third time he was shifting overall. He guessed it would take a couple years at least for the shift to start hurting less, and only if he changed every month, but at least this time, the whole process already hurt a lot less than his first change, and he’d take what he could get.
“Anything that could give it power—murder, any burst of adrenaline, like on a hunt, or getting thrown around, stress…” He leaned forward then, touching Dean’s forehead with his, “Taking on Cain.”
as he begged, “Mother,
So every Wednesday would add a full week to his counter. He circled the 28
want?”
“What does…” Anna’s voice faltered, and she cleared her throat before she tried to speak again. “What does that mean, for us? That we…?”
Well, that definitely didn’t sound good. It didn’t sound good
apple pie—soon after that, but Sam and Charlie didn't leave the room, and somehow, the four of them ended up spending the next few hours watching movies and talking idly, just spending some quality time together. The dark cloud of worry and tension that had filled that room earlier seemed to dissipate completely as they traded comments about the movies and threw jokes back and forth.
But on top of all that, Sam didn’t get that this time, it was
Feeling his curiosity growing even bigger inside his chest, Dean lifted a hand, reaching out hesitantly, touching one of the feathers closest to him, one of the darker ones near the bottom of the right wing, close to where the limb met his shoulder. He brushed the tips of his fingers against it slowly, noticing it was just as soft as he remembered Cas' feathers to be, though the colors of his own wings weren't exactly like the color of the angel's. Cas' feathers were black, a dark, beautiful shade that very much resembled ebony, while Dean's shades of golden and copper had this... metallic shine to them, which made it seem like his feathers had actually been dipped in liquid gold and copper and were now coated in it. He grasped one of the copper feathers between his fingers, pulling at it slightly (though not enough to hurt), and then pulled his hand back quickly when he realized that he'd actually
He did, however, hear a scream—an ugly, loud, high-pitched sound that certainly couldn't have been made by a human throat and that sounded like nothing Dean had ever heard before. It was filled with so much pure, raw
—he’d just ended, talking to the empty, lifeless shell that was left behind, which was exactly what he was doing here now. That was becoming some sort of habit for him, as weird and morbid as it may sound.
“The woman driving it took me to the nearest hospital—which, ironically, was the same hospital I used to work at as a doctor. There, they did some blood tests, which came out… well, worrying, to say the least. Rowena says our blood is a lot different from human blood, so it made perfect sense for the results to have come out so startlingly wrong, but of course the medical staff didn’t know that, and they did their very best to try and stabilize me—which included giving me a blood transfusion.”
shallow enough to immediately rule out Cas being gay just because he’d had a son with an ex-girlfriend, because he knew life just wasn’t that simple. Dean knew how freaking complicated human sexuality could be—he’d gone through a pretty long self-discovering process that had stretched from his teen years all the way to his early-twenties, until he’d finally concluded that he was actually bisexual—and it really wasn’t his place to assume what Cas’ preferences really were when he didn’t even know the guy all that well, when he didn’t know the whole story.
Or maybe the sleep deprivation was just catching up to him. He couldn’t have slept more than four, five hours at most, if he was already awake at this time.
The disappearances had stopped about ten years ago, which led Castiel to believe that a hunter had probably taken care of the problem at some point—which was lucky of them, really. Dealing with a haunted building full of vengeful ghosts on top of everything else that they were currently dealing with really wouldn’t be ideal, and it definitely wouldn’t make their lives any easier tonight.
But right now, Dean figured he didn’t have much of a choice. He needed to talk to Cas, and soon. He wanted to be the one to give him the news.
The only things that cheered him up were the way too rare movie nights he and Sam still had and Cas’ calls and texts. The angel would call at least twice a day and text Dean at the time of every meal to make sure he was eating right, which often had Dean rolling his eyes a little in annoyance, but it still made him feel a little warm, deep down.
Instead, what came out of his mouth was, “You really enjoy pie.”
"I need to do this, Dean," Cas repeated, giving Dean the exact same answer he'd given the hunter before. The angel looked good—healthy and fine, not to mention that he was wearing his now fixed and perfectly clean suit and trench coat combo, which the seraph had finally been able to repair now that he had his original Grace again. It was honestly hard to believe that just two weeks ago, Cas had literally been on the verge of death, and it was such a relief to see him like this now. Dean still couldn't believe it. "I won't forgive myself if I don't. And regardless of my guilt, it will be safer if he doesn't remember ever meeting you."
Castiel went first, right at the front of the group, which made him feel like some sort of commander leading his troops into battle, and the others followed him without complaint, without question, wordlessly falling into step right behind him like it was the most natural thing in the world. They quickly marched down the hallway that they’d been in, then made a left turn when they reached its end, heading right in the direction that shattering noise had come from.
For the first time since he’d sat down at that table, John lifted his head to meet Bobby’s eyes, and just like before, back on the front porch, the man’s eyes looked absolutely
Dean nodded tightly. This was a small town, the kind of place where everyone knew everyone, which made it perfectly understandable that the guy would feel almost responsible for the little girl. It was likely that this man had known her since she’d been born. Dean already felt pretty bad for her, and he didn’t even know her. “Of course,” Dean replied with a nod, deciding that talking to the wife should suffice for now. Dean doubted the girl would tell them anything different from what she had already told the police before, anyway, which would basically consist of a stuffed cat turning into a living creature and attacking her father.
be there for him, for whatever he needed, no matter what happened.
But he did not allow his mind to dwell on it any further, not at this moment. His immediate concern was to snap Dean out of the illusion playing before his eyes right then, to bring him back before the Mark’s hold on the human's mind grew too strong yet again. The angel could already feel it happening, how pleased the Mark was as it stretched its sick hands over the hunter's consciousness, dug its putrid claws into Dean’s mind, so Castiel knew he had to act fast, and although he knew using his Grace to fight the Mark was the route that made the most sense, he should try not avoid that for now, as he did not have any power to spare.
Suddenly feeling uncomfortable, the hunter raised a hand, adjusting his Holy Fire glasses on the bridge of his nose. He always wore them when he was the only one of their small group around Juliet, so that he'd be able to look after her properly. There was just no way for him to do that if he couldn't actually
The look in Cas' eyes grew a little heavier at that last part, and immediately Dean knew that he'd hit a nerve. Cas also had his fair share of regrets that he just didn't seem able to forget, no matter how many years went by; the angel also had a great amount of guilt that he'd been carrying around on his shoulders for a long time, and that he still did not seem quite able to lock away, so of course he understood how Dean felt about his own demons all too well.
back in the Bunker’s dungeon, just sitting on the floor, slowly draining his bottle and crying himself hoarse. He was sure it must have been well past midnight by the time he finally found it in himself to lift his tired, aching body up from that floor, and judging by the way he’d swayed unsteadily on his own feet, or how the room had actually been spinning around him the moment he found himself upright again, it truly was a wonder that he’d managed to stumble his way through the Bunker, walking all the way to his room without any incidents.
“I hate it, Cas.”
it means. Not
An idea occurred to him when he thought about what he'd been about to do earlier, before he'd noticed the scar on his arm, and suddenly he had a plan.
he pointed out, "What if someone notices it? What if they realize we're lying?"
Everyone around him seemed to be keeping secrets and it was really starting to bother him. His frustration with all the secrecy was growing more intense every day, it seemed. He had never really enjoyed being left in the dark.
that tore out of Dean's throat when Cas pulled out the bullet slotted between two of the hunter's freaking vertebrae.
He honestly hadn’t expected to feel so…
Dean wanted to believe Cas, wanted to feel relief at hearing those words—he really,
So he hadn’t told Cas about her, because really, what was the point? True, the whole thing with that creepy woman had been a bit unsettling and had given Dean this weird vibe, but he was pretty sure it was just some illusion the Mark had created to play with his mind, so why make Cas worry even more than he already was about this? It just wasn’t worth it.
Oh, wasn’t that just fucking
, we’re gonna die. We gotta get out of here. We gotta—”
“Fuck, Cas…” Dean scooted just a bit backwards and pulled his legs up and over the edge of the bed so he could plant his feet on the mattress and have leverage to thrust up into the heat, and Cas didn’t complain at all as he did it, because again, apparently the angel had no gag reflex.
When Castiel knocked on Claire’s room door later that same day, he got no response. He did it again a moment later, but when he got the exact same result as before, the angel lowered his hand and curled it around the doorknob, twisting it carefully and pushing the door open slowly, even if he hadn’t actually received permission to do so.
“Congratulations, Moose, you finally figured it out. Well, part of it, anyway.”
The angel was quick to comply, closing his hand into a loose fist, though leaving his forefinger stretched.
There was a distance to Cas’ voice that Dean couldn’t quite shake. He frowned, looking into the angel’s eyes and finding a clear hint of doubt in them, a hesitance that was so clearly obvious it would have been impossible for him to miss it. He had a feeling even Cas wasn’t sure how it had happened. And now that he thought about it…
“Is Jessica home?” John asked, still refusing to look up at his son. His voice still sounded far too weak and hoarse, worryingly so.
“So, if you’re angel,” she started, eyes focused on Cas, “Then that means that there’s like, a Heaven, right? And a Hell, too? The whole afterlife thing?”
And that was precisely why Sam was so worried.
"Is that why you don't want to involve Gabriel?" Dean guessed. It seemed like the logical answer in his head, at least.
the angel’s questioning look on his face, which only made the situation even worse. This particular subject was one of the things Dean had secretly hoped would never,
Cas hadn’t moved at all since Hannah had walked closer to him, and Dean did kind of wish for him to step away from her, to put some distance between them just in case, but maybe that would only make her even more suspicious of him. Not that trying to avoid that would do much of anything at this point, either, because clearly keeping up appearances would only postpone the inevitable here. Apparently, all they could do right now was brace themselves for the impact Dean knew was about to come at any second now—specifically, the moment Hannah realized that Dean was the one carrying Cas’ child.
in any of this, feeling so utterly helpless that he couldn’t fucking
I apologize in advance for any mistakes, because English is not my first language. If you find any mistakes, feel free to point them out :)
Dean pushed those thoughts away before the pain they caused could get too unbearable, allowing nothing more than a pained flinch to show on his features.
They weren’t pleased with Castiel already, so there was no need to upset them any further. He was already lucky enough to be here as it was.
The strength in that word alone made the older hunter pause, surprised by the abrupt shift in the other man’s tone, and during the moment the followed, all Bobby found himself able to do was just stare at John, his eyes a little wider, eyebrows raised up to his forehead in a silent question, waiting for an explanation.
Miracle simply blinked up at him with those big, brown eyes of his, panting slightly with his pink tongue peeking out of his mouth, but his tail had stopped wagging by then, and he looked a little guarded. Dean was pretty sure he’d heard somewhere that dogs could sense people’s moods, to some degree, so maybe that explained it. He could probably tell Dean wasn’t in a cheery, playful mood right now.
something he could do or say to fix this, but just as Charlie herself had just said, there wasn’t. Words wouldn’t suddenly make everything better, so talking about it wouldn’t actually do any good if she didn’t want it. He knew that too well.
And as it turned out, he did finish the Honda.
because she had certainly not been getting any of that throughout the past handful of days.
the encouragement I needed.”
“Hey, chief,” Benny greeted him, straightening up in his chair. Some repetitive, annoyingly cheerful music emanated from the small speakers of his phone, but Dean forced himself to ignore it, fighting the urge to huff and roll his eyes in annoyance. A small frown appeared in Benny’s brows as soon as he took in Dean’s expression. “Bad news, I assume?”
It hadn’t, though, and at some point, he’d simply given up and gone back to the motel, still feeling like he could run all the way to freaking Canada without tiring himself down.
He turned the lights off as he walked out of the room, leaving everything exactly as he’d found it. Regardless of
to… to make amends, to put it all in the past.”
The sarcasm was hard to miss even in that single word, but Dean chose to ignore it. Instead, he focused on shoving whatever he had yet to pack inside the duffel and zipping it shut.
wanted to do.
So of course they’d salted and burned the truck, and Dean had been very happy to think that their job was done, easy like that. He had been relieved that there had been no fighting at all; no confrontation with the angry, murderous ghost. He’d even allowed himself a little treat in celebration that night at their motel room, buying himself a ‘crossookie’, as the lady at the bakery had called it—a mixture of a croissant and a cookie that was basically everything Dean had been missing in his life. It was heavenly, and it was just too hilarious to watch Sam’s face while he ate the whole thing in just a few bites, putting up a bit of a show of chewing with his mouth open and letting the crumbs that fell from his mouth fly everywhere just to annoy his brother.
“Yes. Yes, she is… Yes. I’m on my way. Thank you.” With a sharp nod, Cas ended the call, then stared down at his phone for a long moment, as though he couldn't quite process what had just happened, as though somehow the device might tell him something else, as if it might give him more information about whatever that conversation had been about, even though the screen was locked now and there was nothing more than the time, date, signal bars, current battery percentage and standard wallpaper the angel had chosen displayed on it.
do this anymore, Sam. I can’t…”
Cas like this. He truly would be perfectly happy with that.
Dean huffed, but nodded, because Cas did have a point there. The sooner they finished up here, the sooner Dean could run out of this freaking nightmare of a place and pretend he never,
Sam simply nodded again.
Now, don’t look at him like that—Dean
Castiel nearly jumped on his seat, his hand flying from the still unturned key as he turned his body to the side as he reached inside his coat for his Angel Blade, where he had grown used to leaving it now. At full power, he could hide it in another plane, making it manifest whenever he wanted and slide to his hand at only a thought, but he no longer had the strength for it, and it would be incredibly foolish of him to waste his Grace on the task, although reaching for the blade inside his coat took longer, especially in situations like this, when he was caught off guard. He had not felt anyone approaching and there had been no one in that car with him one second ago.
But for now, Dean still had a lot of questions floating around inside his head, and his curiosity ended up winning out in the end.
Cas' thrusts were so desperate, so frantic that their momentum caused Dean's body to slide against the sheets, accompanying the relentless movements of Cas' hips, gasping and grabbing and moaning, muscles trembling with his impending climax, body shaking and writhing and
“I was just… curious. I’m sorry. I thought…” He wasn’t even sure what he could say to make this better.
The picture caused a stab of pain in Dean's heart, because he already knew the whole thing had not ended well.
Jody, however, seemed both curious and confused, like she was trying really hard to solve a puzzle in her mind, to find the answers to all of her questions by simply
It was like removing a cloak. This energy, this current of power had apparently been completely hidden from him until then, but suddenly it seemed to just appear out of nowhere, showing itself to him without a warning and it instantly had every single part of him tensing in alarm and prepared for a fight.
well, he certainly wasn’t going to waste it.
“But your life is tied to mine, just as our child’s is, so of course I fought the box’s mind control, because while I might not value my own life so highly, I could not even
Sam nodded tightly, clenching his jaw, but said nothing.
And for several minutes, he just stared at it. He just sat there, staring down at that bone, much like he’d done back in Sheridan, after he left the church with Father Jones’ blood safely concealed inside that vial. He could barely believe it—that right there, in that small plastic bag, laid the last thing he needed for Rowena’s spell, the last ingredient that he’d been missing.
Right. Wings.
“So, what do you wanna do now, buddy?”
proud of himself for thinking of this. “If Cas is human, then the Shadow can’t pull him back to the Empty after we bring him back, because it
“What’s the plan, then? I mean, we're not giving them the Book, right?” Charlie asked, eyeing flitting back and forth between Sam and Cas, even if the angel had to yet direct a word to her. Sam wasn’t sure how she was reading his silence, but he assumed she might be simply shrugging it off as worry for Dean, which was certainly part of it, anyway.
But on the other hand, I'm also super excited about posting this chapter, because I've been waiting for this moment for over two years now. I really hope you guys love this one as much as I do. I already know some people are not gonna be particularly happy with what happens in this chapter, but I can only ask that everyone be patient with me. Please give this one a chance, even if you don't like it at first.<3
At this point, Castiel really wished that injection had simply killed him, just like it'd done to his brother. If he'd simply died back in that room, if his heart had simply given out just like Jimmy's had, so many lives would have been saved—and not just of the people he'd killed, but of the ones Meg had killed because of him, too. So much pain could have been avoided if he hadn't survived that injection.
. I just couldn’t stop thinking about how curing him wouldn’t actually solve anything. He could get sick again—he definitely would, since he didn’t inherit my gift for magic. He was human, which meant that eventually, he
Dean’s immediate response to that was to roll his eyes with an annoyed huff, then turn his head so that he was once again staring out at the hospital parking lot. “No, we don’t.”
But on the
Cas let out a shaky breath himself, and it was just then that Dean realized the angel had dropped his head, his face covered by his hands.
At least he didn’t need to explain that to Cas.
“Okay,” Cas smiled lightly at him, nodding back. “Just give me a moment to shift too, or else it’ll take us way too long to get back. We wandered pretty far last night.”
So Dean kept himself staring out the car window, gritting his teeth together because of the pain, trying to keep himself from making any noises that might give away his current discomfort, or else Charlie might want to turn the car around and go back to the house. It had been hard enough to convince her to go to his grave site today as it was, and he didn't want to take the risk of making the girl change her mind and decide that it would be best if they waited to do this tomorrow. Cas and the baby might not have until tomorrow, and Dean just couldn't take that risk.
Dean still did not look like he could understand the angel's words. No, instead, the hunter actually seemed to be in pain, covering his ears with his hands and grimacing, as though the sound of Castiel speaking actually hurt his ears. The glass of a few of the windows shattered because of the angel's voice, as obviously the material had not been made to withstand such a powerful, high-frequency sound, small, sharp shards of it flying in the air and coating the entire floor of the store, causing Dean to drop to the floor groaning in pain, clearly trying to protect himself from all the glass that was currently falling over him.
know by now.
Castiel swallowed drily, but somehow managed to make himself nod in response.
brought up Lisa and Ben, but he still tried to get Dean to talk about it sometimes, whenever he thought he saw an opening—like tonight, apparently.
“As for the numbness I assume you’re feeling right now, since you would most likely heal too quickly from a head wound, we had to keep you sedated for a few hours.”
However, it wasn't even a full minute later when Dean finally realized that he hadn't yet filled Cas in on Gabriel's plan. He cursed himself in his head, because how could he have just kept talking to Cas like this without even bothering to tell the angel what had happened while he'd been unconscious?
him to be.
So he explained, "The painting. I thought it was a bit too easy, too... obvious. I mean, I just didn't understand why Gavreel would tell Alexander to call the painting
He continued to push at Castiel's shoulders until they were both out of Henriksen's office, and then the hunter all but
He wanted to promise Cas that they would find his family, even if that really was the case here, even if all the people who’d been taken were no longer in this town. He wanted to vow that he wouldn’t give up until he actually found them, no matter how long that took, no matter how far he had to travel, or how many psychotic hybrids he had to hunt down. He wanted to promise that he wouldn’t let anything else happen to them.
Castiel opened his mouth to respond, to ask more questions, to inquire about what had been done to him so far and what
“And while Castiel is very clearly intent on saving you, Dean, that he is here not because of a request from you, but out of his own free will…” Cain shook his head lightly, that weird disappointed look flooding back into his features, “The despair in your stance, the urgency in your voice could not be clearer. Your life is not the only thing at stake here, because you are not as preservative of your own life as this. If it means saving the world, of ridding humanity of the danger you yourself present, while you’re human, you would rather choose death. So I’m asking you, Dean, what is really the reason for this conversation? For you not to be holding the Blade here? For you to be here, talking to me at all.”
Cas had done this for him when he’d been out because of the Mark, after the whole Cain fiasco—the angel had tended to him, even kept his body clean and properly nourished while Dean hadn’t been able to do it himself, even if that had taken way too much energy from the angel’s quickly fading power, and Dean was determined to do the same for him now.
And he was being completely honest with that—really, he was. He
But instead, what actually came out of the man's mouth next was a tired, “I’m not sure how I can help you.”
Sam’s voice snapped Dean right back to reality, the shift so quick and sudden that he felt like a bucket of ice-cold water had just been dumped right over his freaking head. He actually had to blink at his brother for a moment, trying to wrap his head around what he’d just heard.
The first result had his breath getting caught in his throat.
“Yes,” Dean nodded lightly in approval. “And?”
He hated how true those words were. He hated the doubt swelling up in his chest. He hated how he had no way to fix any of this.
Jack’s sobs didn’t stop—in fact, they seemed to grow even louder at that—but there wasn’t much more that Castiel could do but rock Jack gently, doing his best to calm his son down and be there for him, to hold him while he cried, reminding him over and over again that no matter how much it hurt, he wasn’t alone in this. He didn’t have to shoulder this pain alone.
Before either Dean or Charlie could say anything, though, Alexander continued talking.
Dean could hear it in his brother’s voice, see it in the way his eyes had brightened up and his smile could light up a dark room—the pure sincerity, the
Finally Dean managed to toss his shirt to the side, letting it fall onto the carpet before pulling Cas’ face to his and locking their lips together once more, their urgency growing with each frantic heartbeat, with every breathless gasp. At some point Dean lost his pants, shoes and socks, though he wasn’t sure exactly how or when that had happened. It didn’t matter, though, not when Cas was suddenly lifting him and turning around so he could carefully place the human onto the bed on his back, not allowing their lips to part for longer than what it took for him to toss his towel onto the carpet and rid Dean of his boxers.
There was a hand holding his jaw, tilting his chin up, and Castiel focused on that feeling, letting it ground him. So he still had a body, a vessel. He was still alive.
According to Jody, that job made her list of Top #5 Weirdest Hunts, especially because she’d had to stab a carbon copy of freaking Shakira with a silver knife.
All of a sudden, he couldn’t fucking
But right now, talking to her was truly the last thing Castiel wanted to do.
ago, was destined to bring peace to the world? Paradise on Earth? That’d always seemed a bit too farfetched to him; he’d just never had the heart to tell Cas that.
Like, for example, LARPing.
Sam smiled a little wider. “Well, you did say she was cute. Why don’t you go for it?”
it to succeed, like he didn’t actually
So Dean simply shook his head, letting the corners of his mouth twitch up in a small, teasing smirk. “Yeah, not a chance in Hell, sweetheart.”
later, and around the same time that several people from Jimmy’s family had
He finally turned his head to look at Haley again just as those last few words slipped out of his mouth, and he was pretty confused to see a look of surprise taking over the girl’s face the moment their eyes met. Her eyebrows rose a little, and her eyes widened for just a fraction of a second, before a frown settled on her brows. She looked... alarmed, really, like she’d just seen a ghost.
to him now, and even if his Dad had actually been there the day Sam had finally gotten his diploma, John showing up unannounced like this was still really freaking bizarre. For a moment, Sam was actually surprised that his father even knew where he lived, though soon enough he realized that John had probably gotten his address from Dean.
to be annoyed right now.
far from the motel—just about six blocks, thankfully—so the hunter opted for walking there instead of driving, figuring that it might help clear his head a little, not to mention that it would give him more time to think about how exactly he was going to do this, to
“Doesn’t that mean that Heaven could also find us like that?”
“You have orders to take us back alive,” Cas argued, voice low and surprisingly steady, even if Dean could see the apprehension in his eyes very clearly. “All of us.”
He could do this; he knew he could. He just had to be strong enough. He just had to keep fighting.
Cas looked back up with hesitancy clear in his eyes, but Dean just held his gaze, silently waiting for an answer while wordlessly telling Cas that he wasn’t just going to drop this. Two could play that game.
"Fuck," he muttered, shaking his head to himself in disbelief before letting it fall to rest on his hands. He pulled a bit at his hair, finding the pain grounding, but it didn't make him feel much better or any less insane.
Dean nodded. “Yeah, things were awkward for a while there. We’re fine today, sure, but it took some time for both of us to get over everything. At some point I thought we wouldn’t be able to go back to the way things were before.”
“Three days,” she’d announced, turning back to look at him with those sharp, crystal blue eyes of hers. “Eight hundred dollars.”
That had Dean tensing up a bit, because hearing Hannah say Charlie’s name was definitely not something he’d expected. Honestly, he had almost forgotten those two had met at all. And okay, sure, now that he thought about it, Dean did remember all that happening way back in February or something, but he really didn’t know what the hell Hannah meeting Charlie had to do with anything that was happening here, and the fact that his thoughts were currently going at pretty much a thousand miles per hour as he desperately tried to figure out what to do, as he thought about all the options they had other than fighting all the angels that had come here to kill them, wasn’t helping him focus on that particular train of thought at all.
Once again, Dean held his gaze unwaveringly, without blinking, hoping the confidence he was conveying with his expression alone would be enough to convince the man that he was being completely honest.
“Don’t beat yourself up, Moose.”
all of it piling up high inside of him, just begging to be let out. He'd spent so long just battling against it, shoving it all down as deep as it would go, so that none of those thoughts would ever see the light of day.
Dean actually stopped walking at those words, feeling a wave of surprise hit him squarely on the chest, as he had definitely not expected to hear
tag (at least not yet) because while that might be a little relevant, the way I'm writing the "wing kink" is not the same way I usually see it written in other stories, so I'll wait until we actually get there to decide if it's actually necessary. But hopefully you'll still like my take on the whole idea. :)
Dean knew Cas had a point then, he knew this was dangerous, and much more than he had originally thought, he now realized. But didn’t Cas get it? Couldn’t he see it too? “Cas, Cain’s not going to stop.”
. It was kicking inside of him, moving around and just…
Tamiel’s smile widened just a little, becoming more… unnerving, almost predatory. Dean really didn’t like the sight of it. “You should have a taste yourself, Castiel. Human souls—the power they hold, the raw
Dean swallowed drily, but he wasn’t exactly surprised that his brother had noticed something was off with him and Cas. Sam was one of the most observant people Dean knew. “What do you mean?” he still asked, just so he knew what exactly Sam had noticed, what hints he’d picked up on in the past few days.
That actually made Sam pause. He swallowed, finally spinning his body around so he could meet Charlie’s inquiring gaze.
“And what about afterwards?”
He didn’t get a reply after that, and he knew Benny might be hurt that Dean had been basically avoiding him lately, just as Charlie probably was, but really, today just wasn’t a good day, and he didn’t really want to get into it over text, so he tried to shrug it off for now. He would try to make it up to Benny and Charlie soon, he promised himself.
The single thought of it felt like a stab to the heart.
Hannah’s entire expression hardened, growing darker with every word that left Castiel’s mouth. Jack closed his eyes and spun around, running a hand through his hair, like he was having trouble wrapping his head around that story, like he wasn’t sure how to react to it. Gabriel shifted his weight on his feet, looking down, his jaw clenching, but he didn’t say anything.
Dean glared at him for a second, but then decided against giving a vocal response. Instead, he simply lifted his hand and shot a silver bullet right into the guy’s knee.
“I’m okay,” Dean insisted, “Really, I’m fine. Come on, Cas. Please.
Dean could not hear him.
to do that.” Maybe he might even die before his month was up if he starved himself, Dean realized. That would make his life a whole lot easier, actually.
Dean wanted to say, but he held the word on his tongue, trapped it in his mouth before it could jump out, instead projecting it with his mind.
Dean had to take another moment to steady himself then. He closed his eyes, pulling in a couple of big, heavy breaths, then letting them out slowly, hoping it would help ease his nerves, until he finally managed to get himself to move. Licking at his oddly dry lips, he scooted closer to the angel on the bed, pausing when he was kneeling right beside him, taking a seat by the seraph's sharp hipbones.
doing this. This isn’t a
Guilt flooded Bobby's chest, heavy and painful, like a fist had closed around his heart. Fuck, why had he told John about that goddamn case?
Charlie smiled back at him. “Turns out you
”Everyone ready?” Charlie asked, eyes darting around, focusing on each of their faces for a couple seconds at a time. “Hex bags, weapons—everything? We all good?”
But since apparently there was nothing that he could do to help now, Sam simply sighed in defeat as he walked over to the couch, moving a few books and papers around so that he could take a seat right beside Charlie, setting the bags of food and cup carriers onto the armrest right beside him while Charlie rearranged some of the items currently covering the coffee table to create some space for their meals. He placed their respective food containers on the table right beside their drinks, and without another word, they both dug in. And during the next several minutes, Sam forced himself to repeatedly shove food into his mouth, chew it, then swallow it, following that pattern without much thought, almost automatically, because honestly, he wasn't really hungry, but he knew he had to eat. A heavy, tense silence filled the air around them, making Sam feel incredibly awkward and uncomfortable, but he made no attempt to break it, and he was glad that Charlie apparently chose to do the same.
Dean didn’t know why the fuck he’d been hopeful for a different answer, because really, why would it have been different today? They’d been trying to solve the Mark and Cas’ Grace for way too long now and so far nothing had worked, so why the hell would they suddenly be able to find a way to read that damn Book or track down Cas’ Grace?
The bathroom was a lot bigger than he’d expected, with several showers lined up along one wall and sinks on the other—it really looked like some kind of common washroom or something, which kind of made sense. He left his clean change of clothes on one of the sinks, before walking over to the cabinet on the wall beside the door, inside of which Dean found some supplies—a few bars of soap, bottles of shampoo and hair conditioner, and even freaking body lotion. He figured he was allowed to take something from the cabinet, so he grabbed a new bar of soap, before undressing himself, leaving his dirty clothes on another sink, then choosing the shower in the farthest corner of the room and closing the curtains, shielding himself from the rest of the world.
“This bedding has been here for decades,” Castiel explained, not pausing what he was doing for even a single second. “I’m pretty sure it’s best to change it. I’ve got a few clean ones you can borrow.”
Those words were like another stab right to his heart, and Sam actually flinched the moment he heard them, but he was quick to shake his head, trying to send them away.
“Yeah, that’s not…” He swallowed again, shaking his head weakly as he lowered his hand to place his fork on the edge of the plate. “That won’t work. I mean, we should keep trying to figure out how to use the codex so we can read the Book, but… even if we do manage to actually break the code, removing the Mark will still have to wait a while.”
He slipped out of the room a moment later, walking out of the cabin for just a minute to go fetch the first-aid kit he kept in the Impala’s trunk. He noticed the tingling feeling all but faded once he walked outside, while the heaviness in his chest and head came back the moment he stepped out the front door. The Mark instantly flared up in his arm, too, and it was just then that Dean realized it had been almost numb inside the cabin, muted even.
He was met with silence for a beat, until finally he heard a quiet, hesitant, “Then why didn’t you?” Sam’s voice wasn't exactly weak as he said it, but there was still such a clear hint of hurt, a tiny, subtle tremble to his brother’s voice that made Dean at last turn his head back around to look at Sam and Charlie again.
At that thought, Castiel let out a sad, heavy breath. He glanced down at the sleeping hunter, wondering what would be happening next. Part of him—the same part that was very much happy about the human's brand new wings—hoped that Dean would get accustomed to this change easily, that the hunter would embrace it in the end, though the rational part of him knew that was very unlikely, and that last thought was enough to sour the angel's mood considerably.
, this doesn’t yet qualify as blackmail.”
Well, wasn’t that just fantastic.
But he couldn’t believe it, because it
problem, right here. He had to make things right, before it was too late.
“No, it’s not, Cas,” Dean was quick to reply, his tone matching the angel’s.
He did snap out of it when Dean got up to his feet, though, and a heavy frown formed in his brows, his eyes growing a little wider. “Where are you going?”
Dean shook his head. “I didn’t provide anything. I don’t even know who you are.”
Eventually, Cas grabbed the entire pile of papers Dean had deposited in front of him, turning it over so that Jimmy’s picture was no longer visible and placing it closer to Dean on the table. His eyes were shining a bit, and he blinked a few times, probably to try to keep the unshed tears that were clearly gathering in his eyes at bay.
He'd wanted to argue, but there was so much confidence in the angel's voice that he hadn't found the words. Numbly, Sam had simply nodded.
than that, and he’d
Groaning, Dean opened his eyes, finding the room around him dark, illuminated by nothing more than the weak light coming from the television, which he vaguely remembered turning on earlier while he’d been drinking his tea. The living room was way darker than it should be, though, and Dean frowned as he realized that fact, wondering why it looked like it was night outside at this time of the day. Had the sun set already? Fuck, how long had he been asleep for?
(See the end of the chapter for
”We’re missing one,” she declared, and there was a sharp edge to her voice now.
It had been quite a while since the last time Dean had bottomed, so unsurprisingly, his body tensed up at the intrusion at first, that same sharp, burning pain from before making yet another appearance, coming back with a vengeance, practically screaming at him, as though trying to warn him that the angel's dick had a lot more girth than three fingers, as if Dean didn't know that already. It hurt—of course it did—and even if Cas was moving very slowly, breaching Dean as carefully as he possibly could, as soon as the head of the seraph's dick slipped inside of him, the hunter couldn't help but let out a small, low pained hiss, feeling his features morph into a wince without his consent.
He marched out of his office quickly, and as he walked down the hallway, heading for the stairs that led down to the first floor of the house so he could get himself a glass of water before going to bed, Sam made a promise to himself.
welcome here, he still stepped forward, glancing into the room with wary, curious eyes.
Dean sat down on the edge of the bed when he was done changing the gauze, making sure Cas was comfortable and that the fever was truly gone and didn’t seem to be coming back. He honestly couldn’t find it in him to leave that room now. What if something happened while he wasn’t here? What if he hadn’t woken up when he did? Cas could have
He lifted his hand slowly, almost fearful, and rested it over his stomach. He pressed lightly against the skin, but there was no resistance to the pressure, no hardness, nothing other than the normal feeling of the muscles under his palm. How long would it take for that to change, though? How long before it was actually possible to tell he was pregnant just by
Dean feeling it, right?
Well, of course that would be the first conclusion Sam would reach on his own. Dean decided that would have to stay that way for the time being. At least he wouldn't need to come up with something else to tell his brother for now.
it. He couldn't... He just couldn't...
"Is she still...?" Sam raised a hand, waving it through the air, gesturing vaguely at Jack. "In there, somewhere?"
And when the pie was done, Dean couldn't help but smile around his first bite. It wasn’t as good as his mother used to make, but it was close enough, and somehow, that was enough, especially for his first try. Cas seemed very happy with his own slice, and had actually eaten two more as soon as he was done with the first one. Sam and Charlie also seemed to like it at lot, pretty much begging for him to make it again someday as most of the pie was gone in less than twenty minutes.
“Don’t give up on him, Dean. If anything, he needs you not to now more than ever.”
would definitely convince Dean to help him. Excellent play there, Gabriel.
So that was why the next thing that came out of his mouth was a breathed out, "Let's check the rest of the house."
“Gabriel sounded off. I realized he wasn’t real quickly enough. But it was not easy. He also...” Dean heard the angel letting out a breath, and when he looked briefly to the side the hunter noticed the angel was looking down now, staring at where his hands rested on his lap. “That wasn't all he said. He made a very compelling case of how I deserved to die after everything I did to Heaven. If it was only my life on the line, I’m... I'm not sure what I would have done.”
“Well, let’s give her the freaking cat, then.” Really, Dean just wanted to leave, and as terrifying as that plushie may be, it was still the
Dean could hear a hint of sadness in the man’s voice, of sorrow, but once again, he chose to stay quiet. For some reason, the hunter felt like it wasn’t his place to comment on that.
“Of course,” Dean nodded lightly, flashing her another reassuring smile, "Just one more question: Do you know if your husband had any kind of... disagreement with anyone recently? Or if anyone could possibly have wanted to do him any harm?"
And in that moment, Castiel plunged right into the depths of Hell.
“I’ll keep watch out here,” Dean muttered, positioning himself by the foot of the staircase they’d just walked down, his machete firmly grasped in his hand as he eyed the door at the top of stairs warily. Cas had closed it after they’d walked through it, so they should hear it if someone opened it again, but Dean knew they still shouldn’t let their guard down. “You check what’s in those rooms. The keys are over there on the wall.”
"How can that work, though? I mean, you guys don't have actual bodies, and you hadn't been on Earth since God left, right? How can...?" It was a little hard to imagine it; the carrying and birthing of a child without a body.
He had no idea how to do that.
Oh. Right.
Slowly, Castiel kneeled right beside Dean's grave, knees digging a bit into the dirt and staining the fabric of his pants, though he paid that fact no mind, as he could easily clean his clothes later. He took in a steadying breath, even if he did not truly need it, then reached out with his hand, pressing his palm to the dark, dry earth in front of him, placing his hand exactly in the center of the section of soil right above where he knew Dean's body was buried about six feet below, letting his eyes slip closed as he once more called to the power guarded within his Grace, willing it to move forward and slip out of his vessel through the tips of his fingers.
The angel waved his hand in the air again, just a quick movement that lasted less than two seconds, and in the next moment, the room was completely shrouded in darkness.
Well, Cas could probably feel it too, but they didn’t need the rest of the room to know about it as well.
Right. Yeah, that definitely complicated things.
So, somehow "Metatron" got changed to "Metratron" a few times in the last chapter O.o Sorry about that, I have no idea how that happened or how I didn't see it before, I actually cringed a little bit when I saw it XD It's fixed now, though :)
Dean to agree with him using only his eyes, puppy dog look turned up to max.
Dean shook his head, offering a small, weak shrug. “No, I… I’m not.”
The seraph nodded. “I couldn’t… I couldn’t feel you very well, while everything was happening. The connection felt strange, like I was blocked somehow, but I caught a few flashes, a few glimpses of what you were seeing and feeling, and what reached me… well, it was definitely not difficult to figure out that there was something
And that being was currently wiggling on Dean's lap, being ridiculously adorable and outright refusing to let him remove the bandages wrapped around her body.
Dean nodded. “Yeah, exactly. I thought these cells looked familiar, but I just… I couldn’t really place them—or this room
cell phone, the number to which only a limited number of people actually had.
The pain did come in the end, though.
The angel’s knees bulked again, and this time the hunter actually thought Cas might fall, so he lifted his hands to rest them against those gorgeous, sharp hipbones he loved so freaking much, trying to keep the seraph more steady somehow. He loved how this way he could feel rather than simply see Cas’ hips move, how they already were stuttering a little, like they wanted to thrust forward but the angel was fighting it with every drop of self-control he could find within his body.
But unfortunately, just like the wooden stake, all the pain and hurt that was currently burning inside of him, the ache that ran so deep it seemed to reach down to his very soul—none of it was enough to kill him.
her. She didn't need to know the truth. She
getting himself killed just yet.
Castiel must have been projecting his worries and guilt through the bond, he realized.
Dean wasn’t sure why it surprised him so much, but it did. He leaned back and away from Cas, but the angel didn’t seem sad or worried about what he'd just told Dean; he looked as calm as he had been before, but then again, he’d known about this for a while.
No, at the moment, his mind didn't seem able to properly focus on anything that wasn't the feeling of Cas' fluffy feathers brushing against the skin of his thigh
made me realize a few things, about who I am and who I was, before, you know… before the night of the accident with my parents.”
“And Dean doesn’t seem too happy about it.”
if he’d just logged out of his freaking email, then he wouldn’t be in this situation right now.
They made their way into the back of the shop after that, leaving Kevin to once more handle the front desk alone, and even though Dean was a little unsure whether that was really a good idea, he didn't comment on it. Well, not right away, at least.
This time, Dean knew that he hadn’t simply lost his best friend—no, he’d lost
Six bodies had been found back in Pontiac before they came here, and with the four that were here in this room, that added up to ten people who hadn’t survived the change.
The first night without Cas was the hardest.
Well, wasn’t that just freaking
Sam and Charlie both nodded silently in response, and Dean couldn't help but wonder if they just hadn’t expected anything different from him. They didn't look very surprised.
"That was... that was my prostate, Cas," Dean explained with a low chuckle, feeling his lips shaping themselves into an amused smile. "It feels really fucking good when you... press it or rub it or just touch it, really, so... you might wanna aim for that."
Dean chuckled at that, but didn’t comment.
And a little ridiculous, to be honest, because, well, it was
the angel started, and there was a slight hint of annoyance coating his voice as well, a sudden sharpness to his tone that definitely hadn’t been there just a moment before, “was calling Crowley, to see if he could help us find the ingredients for the spell.”
So he let his eyes scan the familiar image of a yellow, worn page with red symbols painted on them. He recalled a phone call he’d had with Sam a few weeks ago, about how the Book was made out of actual human skin and blood, and he shuddered at the reminder. That witch must have been really sick in the head to actually spend so long working on the Book to figure out how to use it, but then again, to translate this thing, you just couldn’t be sane. Dean was just glad she had managed it and made the codex, or else they really wouldn’t be able to use the Book.
“Dean…”
was certainly not one of them, and he had no idea what he could say in response.
It wasn’t that he hadn’t
Seriously? He was going to just fucking
Cas held him tighter at the sound, continuing to whisper reassuring words against his hair as the first tears followed, running his hand through it as the angel all but rocked him on the bed, holding him as he cried.
adamant about it, arguing that Dean should definitely not be anywhere near Rowena right now—or at least not for this first conversation, anyway, since they had no idea how this meeting would even go. Sure, if they really ended up needing to
Sam’s voice was still tentative, but it seemed more careful now, like he was struggling to find the right words,
And that was the precise moment when Castiel’s mind finally cleared up.
"I'm not trying to pressure you or anything, Dean," Dean looked up at her then, finally finding himself able to hold her gaze, "But I don't think you should hide who you are from your own brother. It's not fair to him, but most importantly, it's not fair to you. And I mean, when has hiding things from each other ever worked well for the two of you?" Dean actually chuckled at that, although weakly, and Charlie smiled, resting a hand on his shoulder and squeezing it lightly. "There's no need to be scared, Dean. Sam loves you, and I'm pretty sure nothing could change that, especially not something like this." She sounded so sincere and sure of her words that Dean actually felt compelled to believe her, but he wasn't at all convinced. Just a few reassuring words were definitely not enough to send away the powerful fear he felt at the prospect of coming out to his brother.
But as much as Dean wanted to allow the movement, as much as he wanted to cuddle with Cas right now—the single thought of it was enough to have Dean feeling excited and giddy all over again—the human didn't allow himself to be moved.
The wendigo was big, and even if its body was pretty heavily built when compared to a human, Dean’s wolf was a lot bigger and bulkier, so it wasn’t too hard for him to get the thing’s neck between his jaws. He closed his teeth around it, digging them in as deep as they would go and doing his best to ignore the foul taste that flooded his mouth the moment he tasted the creature’s blood.
It was very hard to believe just how different things had been less than 4 months ago. That night in Montana, all Dean had been worried about was Cas’ well-being, the Mark and, well, where they had stood. He had been tiptoeing around Cas at the time, still unsure about why the angel had left him in Nebraska in the first place, terrified that Cas would just want for him to go away once he woke up because Cas
, but they weren’t back yet and that was driving Dean absolutely
“You did not mean to, Dean.”
So there wasn’t anything hidden back there, then. Dean sighed as he leaned back and away from the canvas, actually glaring at the painting this time, still very much lost on what to do. He glanced down at the poem again, frowning, reading it for what felt like the hundredth time as he looked for even the smallest hint that might somehow clarify what they were supposed to find here.
“No,” Cas shook his head, still smiling. “How flustered you get when you
Dean paused to consider that explanation, because he certainly hadn’t seen that one coming, though he supposed it made sense. Those two had turned Castiel, and now he wanted revenge. Honestly, Dean had to admit that the idea of hunting down that damn bitch and making her pay for what she’d done to him was rather appealing to him as well.
Out of the corner of his eye, Dean saw Cas slowly get back to his feet, one hand rising in the air in front of his body, like the angel wanted to reach out toward the pair, even if he was standing across the room from them, too far away to actually touch them. The seraph took a tentative step forward, then paused, clearly unsure of what to do here, of how to deal with this.
And because the Universe just really seemed to get a kick out of making Dean suffer, of course—
Sam didn’t get it—he
want to… to go looking for the hybrid that killed Dean. I
Hannah’s features softened just a little, and her eyes suddenly seemed a little warmer. “I’ll have them bring you something,” she said. “But for now, you rest, Castiel. No matter how agitated you feel, do
“That night, in Oregon, when we were working on that case… Do you remember what we talked about?”
was exactly what Dean was trying to do here—running against the clock, trying to save at least
The cheese was apparently Gorgonzola, so it was supposed to both look and smell different than the kinds of cheese Ben was most likely used to, but try explaining that to a very imaginative seven-year-old.
So much for giving the kid credit and choosing to think they hadn't meant to hurt Ben, because clearly that wasn't the case here. Without a thought, his tone grew even sharper, voice rising in volume as he asked, “What kind of kid even says that?”
That was also the reason why he’d never set foot in Lawrence again after his dad had moved them away, and he didn’t think he’d ever be able to go back there. If he already felt like this standing in front of a slab of stone on the ground and a patch of grass, he couldn’t imagine what being in the same town where Mary had burned to death on a ceiling would feel like.
Ben faltered, and already Dean could see his eyes a little wetter than they should be because Dean hadn’t agreed right away. Damn it. “On the… They said it on the TV, daddy. They said we could go see the dinos this week, and there’s bones and toys and it looks so fun, daddy.” Oh, good, Ben was very close to crying now. His eyes were shining and the pout was back with full force, his voice wavering a little.
Fuck, what the hell was he going to do?
wrapped around his cock, but he didn’t want to push Cas into doing something that the angel might not be ready for just yet. Maybe next time, though. Dean felt almost giddy at the thought of doing this again sometime in the future, so much that he allowed a small smile to touch his lips.
Cas didn’t resist as much this time, apparently getting used to something in his ass for the first time, even rocking a little on the bed, testing out the sensations the movements might create and clearly enjoying them very much. Dean felt him loosen around his fingers soon enough, and he folded his fingers a little, looking for that precise
But his Father had helped them before, had saved Dean and Sam from Lucifer when the Cage had been opened and had brought him back to life three times, so that had to mean something. It had to. Castiel was sure of it.
Too bad he had no idea how to do that.
The latter was a bit creepy, though, so the hunter looked away from it while he and Cas waited for someone to come answer the door, and at some point the hunter's eyes drifted over to where both the Impala and the Lincoln sat parked by the curb right across the street. Sam and Charlie were waiting inside the latter; Dean could see them through the clear car windows, even all the way from that front porch. The backseat of Cas' car was packed with cardboard boxes, and Dean noticed he could also see them clearly, piled up onto each other, blocking the back windows almost completely. They'd made a stop at the old Novak house on the way here, not only because they'd thought it better to put everything back the way he and Charlie had found it when they'd first been to the place, but also because Cas had insisted that they should take all of the Novaks' belongings from that basement, since he thought Claire might want them. However, Dean had no idea when they would be seeing Claire again, and it could be a while before that happened, so since they couldn't exactly drop all that stuff off at the Bunker, they would most likely be driving around with that packed backseat for some time—months, probably.
“What do you mean you can’t tell me?” There was a sharp edge to his voice but Sam didn’t really feel guilty about it.
Right. Straight to the point, then. Dean opened his mouth to respond, but no word came out at first, so he closed it only a beat later, swallowing drily. His mind came up blank for a moment, because while he’d been struggling with figuring out what to say to Charlie for days now, he hadn’t quite come up with anything particularly insightful. He didn’t have a good reason why he’d been dodging her, nor did he want to get into it just yet, even if he had come all the way here. He wasn’t—
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t trust Gabriel completely,” Cas shook his head lightly, his words coming out like a low, struggled whisper, his tone almost pleading, “But I’m willing to listen, Dean. He has done nothing but give us advice, he has not asked anything of us. If he wanted to bring us any harm, he’s had countless chances to do it so far, and he hasn’t. Doesn’t that at least give him the right to speak?”
made a new, completely impersonal account before sending Jacques that first email. There was just no way that Gabriel could have simply… figured out that Dean was actually Blue. It just couldn’t have been
And that became even more obvious when Sam’s immediate response was to simply
Cas didn’t respond, and silence took over once again.
actually pulling the long, metal body of the tool out of his flesh. And he seemed entirely coherent while doing it, too, his angry eyes fixated on Castiel, sharp and alert and actually freaking
And once he was alone, Sam finally allowed himself to breathe out a big, weary sigh of relief. He closed his eyes and tilted his head backwards, feeling his entire body relaxing against the cushions and doing his best to ignore all the pain. They’d made a quick stop on the way here so that Jo could get him some painkillers when the pain proved itself a little too much for him to bear on his own, but that had been way too many hours ago, so the meds were clearly starting to wear off by now. Maybe Jo would give him some more, if he asked nicely.
“Like a second battery,” Dean nodded slowly, “And I’m guessing the suits upstairs don’t like the idea of that.”
Dean felt Cas swallow once, before the angel finally nodded. “I know,” he said, and his voice was much lower than it’d been before, hoarser. Needless to say, the sound of it went straight south. Dean’s lower half was already starting to take an interest at this point. “And I’m usually a lot more… patient, a lot more level-headed. It’s… worrying, how easily her words have been getting to me lately. I believe the Mark is probably to blame for it.”
When they pulled away, Dean was still smiling, and he let out a chuckle out of his lips at a sudden thought. "Still, you know, it would have been nicer if
Lovely.
Fear.
Those words hung in the air for a while after he’d said them, but once again, Dean chose to let the silence linger. He’d given these people a lot to process over the span of just a few minutes, and honestly, he could really use some more quiet time right now, so he could have a chance to try and get his thoughts back in order. Not to mention that at this point, there really wasn’t much more that he could say to them that wouldn’t upset or confuse them even more, so he really felt like he’d already said enough.
“Balthazar Roché disappeared in Chester, Pennsylvania one year and a half ago.”
Dean didn't have anything else to add concerning the case, so all he ended up saying was, “You two be careful, alright?”
The archangel leaned closer to Dean on the seat as held his hand up and pushed Dean’s own hand away from its spot, pulling at the hem of the hunter’s shirt to lift it a little. The skin under it was already starting to bruise, a dark spot clearly making itself present on his skin, the sight of which sent a brand new wave of dread through Dean’s body, because that mark hadn’t been there before.
Dean turned to Cas, his eyes wide. “He popped up in my motel room on my way to Absarokee, before I found you here. He knew we had slept together, Cas, and he said you probably had something interesting to tell me.” He could hear the outright
Cas really was worried about this, huh?
It had taken him weeks, and honestly, he and Amelia hadn't exactly gotten off to the best start, but that had started to change eventually, and Sam had been very hesitant about it in the beginning. In the life he lived, getting attached only meant that he was putting people in harm’s way, and that was definitely not something he’d wanted for her. He didn’t want that for anybody, so he knew he should keep his distance, that having something with her would only cause her to end up hurt in the end somehow, because that was just how it usually happened for him.
Speaking of which, he was really starting to get worried about her. The last time she had given them any signs of life had been weeks ago, and Sam was already starting to get a little antsy, especially now that he wasn't even sure where she had actually gone off to. Either way, silence never meant anything good in their line of work.
A bright smile formed on Anna’s lips, though it seemed far too wide. It didn’t look forced, just… a little creepy, to be honest. She was either completely oblivious to the fact that Dean was trying to (very gently) turn her down, or she was just choosing to ignore it. Dean really couldn’t tell for sure.
They’d only climbed up a few steps when that same voice from before echoed through the air again.
The pieces started to fit together more clearly after that.
Dean paused at that, frowning at the out of nowhere comment. He gave Cas a confused look, unsure what kind of response the angel was expecting to get from him, or even if he was waiting for one at all.
“You’re…”  Dean looked back up at the sound of Charlie’s voice, “You’re around four, five months along, aren’t you?”
At first, all Dean managed to do was simply blink at the screen of his laptop while his mind struggled to process what he’d just read. For a moment, he failed to truly wrap his head around the
Dean really wasn’t sure what to make of the look he found in the girl’s eyes—well, actually, he did, but there was just so much going on there that he wasn’t sure how to process everything, such a large collection of different emotions visible in her gaze that the hunter wasn’t sure which one to focus on, which one to examine first. There was hurt, anger, sadness, pain, fear—all of it swirling around in there, creating such an utterly
And then he realized that had been a mistake.
was Cas’ reply.
but he still powered through, taking a few more swigs until he could finally feel that familiar heat rising within him, which made it easier to swallow it down.
“Thanks, Charlie,” he whispered, unsure how to pour all the gratitude he was feeling into his words, “For everything.”
“I’m begging you. I cannot lose them. I cannot—” His voice failed them, breaking, coming out of his mouth as nothing more than a low, weak wheeze. Another sob erupted from his throat, and yet again he felt like he might be choking somehow. The words sounded so pained Castiel could barely recognize his own voice, “Please.”
really seemed to be the best option right now.
What Sheriff Henriksen had wanted them to see personally was actually what appeared to be a crime scene in the woods, just about twenty feet away from the highway that led out of town—the body of a young man had been found by a small group of hikers, completely drained of blood and covered in wounds, several claw marks torn into his skin.
“They’re taking too long.”
“Cas?”
He could do this. He knew he could, that he could fight it—and he
warm, clearly a pretty bad fever starting to kick in. Damn it.
“What?” he asked, not even bothering to hide his shock.
allow it.
He gave her a big, proud smile, just as he felt the cut on his mouth healing, muscles and skin tingling as all the damage caused by that punch was quickly undone.
Before Dean could comment on it, however, the angel asked, “How is the pain?”
“I mean call me, Hannah,” he cleared up, not able to fight the chuckle that escaped his lips. Sometimes Sam just forgot he was talking to an angel…
Pregnancy tests.
But he was in way too deep to back out now.
“How can you know that? Cas, she even healed me. What if…”
Sam's voice was careful, like he was still considering Dean's answer, and while that made Dean a little nervous, he still found himself holding in the sigh of pure relief that threatened to tear out of his lips at those words. He did allow his eyes to fall closed as he relaxed in the car seat, though. For a second, he had been sure Sam
Without giving the angel an answer, the hunter turned his head back around to look down at his wing again, licking his dry lips. He pulled in a steadying breath, then let it out slowly, before trying to recall the muscles he'd just used to keep the wing raised in the air, until he finally felt confident enough to attempt to lift the thing from the bed.
That seemed to be enough to get a response out of Claire. The girl finally looked up, though she still kept her arms wrapped around her torso, even if it really wasn’t too cold outside. Her gaze was not fearful, just… suspicious and wary. It couldn’t be more obvious that she didn’t trust Jody at all, though Dean supposed that was to be expected.
Fuck, he was actually... But he
“You took Dean on a hunt without knowing the actual risks involved,” Cas finished for him, voice firm and final, and Sam fell quiet at the sound. “You are not to take blame for anything concerning that hunt. Dean should not have gone because he was aware of the risks. You had no idea.”
“Wait, Charlie is here?”
Maybe his idea wasn’t as stupid as he’d originally thought, if it was enough to get such a panicked reaction out of the Mark.
The first thing Dean became aware of when he came to was the nausea. It came on like a wave, and before he knew it, he was shooting up on the bed, getting to his feet in a rush and pretty much running to the bathroom across the hallway from his bedroom. He spilled his guts just a moment later, draped over the toilet as he emptied his stomach. His head was throbbing from having it lowered like that so suddenly, but there wasn’t much he could do but wait until it was over.
A weak shrug formed on Cas’ shoulders, and he shook his head slowly, minutely. “Maybe they left town already. It’s been six days. The transformation into a hybrid takes four days at most. Whatever happened, whatever they did to my family… it’s already done. Whoever died has already been dead for a couple days at least. And whoever didn’t die, whoever
Sam’s face fell instantly. He looked disappointed, his big puppy eyes suddenly looking so sad that Dean almost felt bad, carrying what looked like a silent plea for his brother to stay there with him for just a little longer.
Tossing the bottle aside, Dean got himself ready, leaning over Cas with one leg on each side of the angel, looming with his ass just over Cas’ cock, lowering himself just enough that the tip of it was pressing against his entrance.
Now, there was nothing. The entire room was completely, utterly bare, the bed made and clearly not slept on, just like it’d been the night Castiel had first brought Dean in here four months ago.
And he knew what his friends would say to that; he could already hear it, clear as day. They would insist that he could start changing his life, that he was still young, that he could try and get a grip and that nothing would change if he just sat around waiting for it. That he could maybe go back to studying if it really was bothering him so much, as if he had the money
The lights flashed twice throughout the entire movie, but Dean just set his jaw tighter and kept his eyes on the screen, swallowing drily and at some point deciding to just not look for the guy anymore, even when he really thought he'd seen something.
“How the hell do you even know that?” he asked. “I’m guessing she didn’t just post
“I can’t remove the Mark of Cain myself, not with the information I have currently, but I might find a way do something about it.”
Well, the problem was, Dean didn’t agree with Sam on this one. Like, at all.
And after a moment that seemed to drag on for a whole freaking minute, Gabriel finally gave Dean a slow, careful nod.
“Sit with your back to the headboard,” he instructed, and Cas hurried to comply. Dean leaned over him, straddling his lap as he poured a handful of lube onto his hand so he could spread it over Cas’ erection. The angel closed his eyes as he did it, a broken moan that he clearly tried to hold back still managing to make its way out of his lips with every stroke Dean gave him, and the hunter couldn't help but massaging Cas' length a few more times the necessary to apply the lube just to hear that sound a few more times.
Cas just looked so
At least now Dean knew angel-Cas wasn't completely averse to sexual activity.
And of course that distracted him, as suddenly his mind could focus on nothing else other than how Heaven might be able to sense the nephilim now, about how he had to reach out and grab the amulet before it was too late, and that was his mistake.
Also, they had a freaking mental link that Dean still had no idea how to fucking control, so really, odds were that Cas might even already know what the hunter had been struggling with for the past few days, the doubts that were still floating around his mind.
“They’re cloaked,” Cas answered easily. “They exist in another plane, so no one can see them but me.”
Dean swore this got more intense every single time.
But that wasn't the case here.
Thinking only about the food, that really was a tempting offer. Benny’s place had the best Cajun food Dean had ever had in his life, and he used to be over there almost as much as he used to go to the Roadhouse a few years back, but lately he just hadn’t felt like it anymore. And that wasn’t about Benny or his wife or anything, really, it was just that normally those two were working nonstop while the place was open, and Dean would always just end up at a table in the corner by himself for most of the time he was there, and he didn’t really feel like doing that tonight.
thing Cas had found in the entire store that the angel thought Claire would like. Honestly, by this point, Dean was pretty sure that they wouldn’t find anything Claire would actually
or something, during which they'd reached the consensus that Sam shouldn’t be left unsupervised for long periods of time.
“Because of Jess?” Charlie’s voice was tentative, a clear edge to it, like she was afraid of what Sam’s reaction to her words might be, which must have made her feel the need to step on eggs around him all of a sudden.
A quick search on his phone told him that yes, there was a special exhibit at the museum this weekend about dinosaurs with a whole section dedicated to kids, which had a whole bunch of activities, so he quickly texted Sam about the change of plans from what they had decided earlier. Sam wanted to see his nephew and would be coming over to his apartment in the afternoon to spend some time with Ben, but now apparently they were going to the museum.
A few minutes later came another attempt from Sam, and then Dean was shooing him out of the kitchen.
And right now, Cas needed all of his attention.
But he really was here.
that Dean paused, pressing his lips together and swallowing back whatever retort had been hanging from the tip of his tongue. “I need to at least…
Teasingly, Dean slid the tip of his middle finger over Cas’ perineum, feeling the tight rim of muscles around Cas' entrance contracting and relaxing in expectation. The angel watched Dean’s every movement with attention, as if taking mental notes with his eyes, or maybe he just really liked to watch. Either way, Dean felt encouraged enough to continue, slowly pressing the tip of his slippery middle finger into Cas’ hole.
But Cas was here, and he was solid and warm against Dean, a comforting weight resting on the human’s chest and wrapped up in the hunter’s arms, so Dean focused on those sensations to try and clear his head at least a little bit. This was undoubtedly real, tangible, and while their lives were still hanging by a thread, they were alone at last, and they would probably remain undisturbed for a while, so Dean could finally talk to Cas about this. He let that notion ground him, let it soothe his mind a little, as nervous as he was to have this conversation with the angel.
Cas, I know you—better than I know anyone else apart from Sam, really. You’re gonna love our kid with your whole freaking heart—hell, I can tell you already
But again, that wasn’t the reason why he was so tired right now; it wasn’t the most insistent, prominent thought hammering away at his skull, echoing loudly and nonstop inside his head.
The angel’s behavior was a little concerning, Sam had to admit it. He got that the angel was worried, because really, he was too, a lot actually, but Cas was bothering on irrational and it was confusing Sam because that just wasn’t like the angel at all. But then again, Sam didn’t know the whole story; he didn’t know just what kind of risks were playing a part in all of this, so maybe he should be having a similar reaction once he knew everything. That train of thought only reminded him of how Cas still hadn’t opened up, but the angel seemed way too stressed out for Sam to push him too much and demand answers right now.
And that was how, ten minutes later, just as promised, Dean was marching out of that church with a small vial filled with warm, freshly drawn blood hidden away in the pocket of his pants, because he didn’t think of wearing a jacket today. It was warm out, though—unusually so, considering it was fucking
After a brief introduction between Charlie and Hannah, the angel and hunter carried an unconscious Dean inside, with Charlie following and watching everything them with curious, attentive eyes. She eyed Hannah almost wearily, though the look in her eyes was hard to read. Sam suddenly realized this was the first time Charlie was seeing an angel, so it made sense for her to look a little out of place. He, too, had been lost when he’d first met Cas and Uriel all those years ago in that motel room.
Sam had no idea what that meant; all he knew was that whatever would come from it, he probably wouldn’t like it.
Ben was sniffing. He was sitting on one of the small chairs for students by the windows, and he wasn’t crying loudly now, but there were clear tear trails staining his cheeks. His eyes were a little too bright, too; Dean could see it even from the spot where he stood by the door of the classroom. His son’s face pretty much spelled out upset, which became even more obvious with the way the boy was currently pressing Mr. Spikes tightly to his chest, holding on to it like a lifeline, quietly listening to the woman talking to him in a gentle, calming voice, words nothing more than a soft murmur. The sight of his son clutching the toy Dean had bought for him so tightly, like he was afraid something bad might happen if he let it go, made Dean’s chest feel tighter, heavier, heart aching as though it had been carved out with a butcher knife.
, his mind corrected him, and he flinched as the word echoed inside his skull—didn’t say anything as Dean took a couple of steps back and lowered himself back onto the couch, falling heavily onto the cushions with a huff. He didn't try to step closer either, thankfully. Dean needed the distance.
Sam!” Dean cut him off, raising his voice as the last sliver of self-control he’d still had in him finally burned out. “It doesn’t matter what I tell you, because there just
on Dean's mind now, something Dean
The Gate led them to the First Circle—or the first level of the Pit, as was expected, and instantly it became clear to Castiel that Hell was only partially divided in the same way human lore often depicted it. There were actually seven Circles to Hell in total instead of nine, each supposedly deeper and more terrible than the previous. However, there was no clear division to what resided in each Circle, not one level for each kind of sin. No, in fact, the First Circle contained no tortured souls—this was Hell’s first level, which meant it was nothing more than its first line of defense, nothing more than Hellfire and foot soldiers to be found here, guarding the entrance to what resided in the levels below.
. Fuck, he could
Because if he waited too long, if he didn’t do it tonight, that tiny spark of courage could wither away forever.
Dean nodded numbly in response, and then watched as shadows took over his room completely as Cas left, closing the door carefully behind him.
“But you have a plan,” Eileen pointed out. “You wouldn’t be here if you didn’t. I’m guessing you found a way around
Dean nodded to himself, and he would be lying if he said he wasn’t relieved to hear that. “Yeah, okay. I’ll get someone else to go down to Austin, then.”
Cas laid back down properly on the bed after that, getting himself comfortable again, so Sam assumed the angel intended to go right back to sleep now that he’d eaten, and even if that may not be good idea, Sam also didn't think it would be a good thing to keep the angel awake if he wanted to go back to sleep. And so, the hunter said nothing on the matter, choosing to simply return to his seat at his small table with the intention of going back to his research, deciding to just leave Cas be, to just let the angel rest some more, because clearly he needed it.
“If everyone at our school sees your emails, it won’t be too hard for them to put the pieces together, just like I did. And that includes your dear friend Castiel Novak.”
Dean cleared his throat before speaking, just to make sure that his voice would come out right. “Wanna go eat now? The diner I got the coffee at this morning that looked pretty good.”
Dean held back a wince at those words, though he only managed it because he had already thought about this before, so he hadn’t exactly been caught off guard. Still, it was freaking
Well, that explained why Dean had felt the weird sting too, at least. He moved a hand to rub the spot where he'd felt the burn over his shirts once more, wondering if he really had a mark there now. “So it’s like, what, a tattoo?”
Looking back now, Sam realized there hadn’t really been a reason for him to be so fearful when he’d first learned about Dean and Cas, that he hadn’t truly had a reason to worry about what would come out of whatever relationship had been starting to take place between them. Dean and Cas
The words were there, just hanging from the tip of his tongue, practically
Oh, and then he’d lure some fans of said famous person to the back, sleep with them, and then kill them, just for the fun of it.
A tense, stunned silence took over the room after that, but Cas just continued on eating like nothing happened, filling his fork up with some white rice and chicken and carefully placing all of it in his mouth, chewing slowly, like there weren’t two pairs of very shocked eyes staring at him like he'd just told them he kicked puppies for sport.
him that he was very,
(If you don't know me, hello! Welcome! I'm Vamps, and I posted a 66k
“Ever since Castiel was exiled, Heaven has kept a certain attention to his human ties. That includes you and your brother, of course, and after I mentioned her, the Host found it within reason to add your friend… Charlie to that list as well. However, the name you gave me did not match the person I'd met, which confused me. It seemed odd that you would provide an inaccurate name for her. Fortunately, Heaven keeps track of every single human soul that is born—it’s an automatic process, created by our Father Himself that has never stopped working, even after He left—so she had to be registered under another name, and as it turned out, that was exactly the case. Eventually, we linked the name Charlie Bradbury to Celeste Middleton.”
And only a few seconds later, a triumphant smile formed on his lips as the hunter found himself staring down at the key they’d found back at the library.
“I feel something,” he breathed out, heart beating so fast it felt like the thing was trying to jump right out of Dean’s chest, or maybe climb up his throat. “I mean, it’s… a tingle or buzzing or something. It's weird and a bit weak, but…”
“Oh, that sounds great.” Jess smiled as she hurried over to the kitchen island, gently pulling the foil cover off the tray and staring down at the still a little bit warm lasagna. Her smile widened even more as she announced, “Wow. Seriously, this smells amazing, Dean! And it doesn’t even look store-bought, either. Where did you get it?”
telling anyone about this or went looking for any kind of help, so for now he just had to try and act normal.
Sam didn’t look convinced in the slightest, and he even opened his mouth to say something, probably protest or insist that Dean didn’t look fine at all, that he shouldn't go out like this, let alone drive a car, but he ended up closing it a moment later and he letting his hand fall to his side. Charlie also didn’t say anything else, just watched him with worried eyes, looking like she also wanted to say something, but thought better of it, just as Sam had.
The air in the room felt weirdly stale with the others gone. Dean didn’t like it.
Dean failed to hold back a disbelieving huff. He really,
But that wasn’t the only thing that made Castiel pause—no, her entire appearance wasn’t exactly what he’d been expecting to see, and he wasn’t talking just about her wounds. Her hair—once a vibrant, carefully-tended-to shade of copper, now carried a gray-ish blonde color, and it was matted, messy, curls knotted and abandoned carelessly, like she hadn’t bothered to properly tend to it in a while. Her skin carried lines that hadn’t been there before—around her mouth, and her eyes, and briefly, Castiel wondered if it was age, or something else that had put them there. And her eyes… they were dark, with deep bags under them, carved onto the woman’s skin, like she hadn’t slept in
if he didn’t relate to all that. He could literally see himself thinking all those things—well, except for the gay part, but him being bi really seemed to be the only difference between Dean and whoever had written that post. It really was like someone had simply reached into his head and plucked out his thoughts, only to write them down and post them on that stupid blog for everyone else to see.
Alexander that he was mostly human; he'd actually said those words
there, day and night, hovering around him and just generally acting like Sam was about to have a mental breakdown at any second or something. Sam would have nowhere to run, and he’d
She glanced down at the blade, before focusing her glare back on Dean’s face.
in the back of your mind, just... keeping you up at night. And if you actually try to ignore it, to fight it, it’s... it’s worse, because it’s literally all you can think about.”
Dean smiled softly at the angel. "Yeah, I can see that, too." This time, he actually meant his comment wholeheartedly. He leaned forward, placing a small, careful kiss to the angel's lips, though he pulled away from Cas just a moment later when a thought suddenly occurred to him. "Wait, but... my wings work the same way as yours, right? I mean, they're created by your Grace and all."
This, right there, was what he had expected to wake up to in Omaha; what he had craved, even if subconsciously, and he had felt the pain of not having this when he realized Cas was gone. Having it happen now, even after everything they had gone through after the first time they had slept together, did not fail to bring a smile to Dean’s lips. As cheesy and girly as it sounded, Dean didn’t care about how Cas had left the first time too much anymore, not after last night; what mattered to him was that he had Cas in his arms right now.
“That will have to do,” Gabriel shoved the glass back into Sam’s hands, “We don’t have time.” He pushed Dean back a lot more gently than Sam would have expected from the archangel, pulling the hunter's arm away from his belly so he could rest both hands onto Dean’s stomach, completely ignoring how Dean was still letting out small, low coughs that he seemed to be trying to hold back, and fortunately his brother had enough presence of mind that he didn’t fight the movement, instead simply letting his arms fall to his sides so his hands could claw at the cushions beside him, knuckles turning white with the effort.
“You didn’t tell me… it would hurt this much,” Dean wheezed out, then screamed again when his other shoulder started the exact same process the other one had just gone through, snapping and twisting until it finally found the position it wanted to stay in. “Fuck, I hate this. I fucking
So in the end, Bobby nodded in agreement, making a promise that he had a feeling would come back to bite him in the ass at some point down the road.
fault. Come to think of it, I would actually be doing you a
“Yeah, well, but you could at least have picked up your phone,” Dean couldn’t help but allow a hint of bitterness to slip into his voice. He had worried and wondered about Cas for weeks without hearing a single word from the angel, so he assumed he had the right to do that. “I had no idea where you were or why you left, Cas,
. For the first time in a long, long time, Dean felt
here? It wasn’t like he could just—
Gabriel did not give Afriel a chance to respond to his words. Before she could even try to speak, he quickly lifted the arm he'd had wrapped around her throat, gripping the top of her head with his hand and pulling it backwards so that her neck was exposed. And swiftly, before she could react, he lifted the blade he'd taken from her and used it to cut her throat, slicing the skin open easily. And once that was done, he quickly dropped the blade to the ground by his feet, still holding Afriel's head tilted backwards while he produced a clear, small glass vial from the inside of his jacket. He held the container in front of the wound for a moment, and soon enough Afriel's Grace began to slide out from the cut, flowing through the air as it moved toward the vial, sliding into it and quickly filling the small container.
For now, he’d focus in trying to get used to the idea himself.
Dean huffed, finally picking up his phone so he could glare at the image of his best friend, which was currently being displayed on the small screen. As soon as his eyes fell upon it, though, he was met with a big, teasing smile and playful blue eyes, and his annoyance faded away in an instant, like a button had been pressed.
Because Cas was losing hope with this road trip, that much was obvious now, even more than it had been before. Dean himself was starting to think even more vehemently that this blind search for Cas’ Grace wouldn’t get them anywhere, because every story he heard from Cas was the exact same—he and Charlie would drive into town, ask around for any weirdness and look for the source of it, namely the spot where the energy for the craziness was coming from. They didn’t even need to find it—Cas could usually feel pretty quickly that the Grace responsible for the sudden miracle healings, unexpected pregnancies in women on birth control, and one weird town that had an overpopulation of cats all of a sudden, wasn’t his own Grace, so he and Charlie would go back to the road, headed for their next destination with less hope than when they had arrived.
Memories from his time as a demon flashed through his mind. Most of them were blurry, but others were clear as crystal in his head, playing before his eyes so vividly he might as well be living that terror again.
Dean had really gone for it, moving his lips avidly as soon as his mouth met Cas', not quite finding it in himself to go slow at first. The angel wasted no time to respond with just as much enthusiasm, which was a very welcome surprise, and the next thing Dean knew was that their mouths were sliding together, movements rushed, impatient as they learned each other's rhythm, as they explored new, completely uncharted territory, their stubble brushing roughly against each other's, providing a delicious burn that Dean had learned a long time ago he enjoyed
Of course, that was also one of the reasons why finding a case in this town was honestly the last thing he needed right now. He wanted to make sure Cas was safe, and he couldn’t focus on both things at the same time.
Speaking of Gabriel, though, the archangel still hadn't dropped by since they'd found Cas' Grace, even if Cas prayed to him every day, since they still had a lot of questions for him. But the guy was either too busy keeping Heaven and the Stynes away from them, or something had happened to him, something that was currently preventing him from coming to their aid. Dean really hoped the latter wasn't the case, but he would be lying if he said he wasn't worried, and he knew that Cas was too, even if they didn't actually talk about it.
But there was no one here—not even inside the tent.
The words weighed heavily in Sam’s mind, and he paused, swallowing back his words and trying to make some sense out of everything he knew that might help him right now. The only information he had was that the amulet was for protection and that those symbols were ancient Enochian, but that was truly all and that was pretty much driving him mad. Dean had never been the most open person in the world, and over the years he'd gotten used to that, but still it bothered Sam that his brother felt the need to keep something like this from him, whatever that may be, especially since this might mean something dangerous for them sometime down the road. Cas had said they weren't in danger right now, but the angel had been oddly careful about his choice of words, and for some reason that gave Sam the feeling that they might have even more problems do deal with in a near future.
When he finally managed to drag himself back into the room and let himself fall onto the small, surprisingly comfortable motel bed, he felt even worse than before he’d tried to eat. There were new pains all over his body that he had no way to explain, his nausea just didn’t seem willing to go away, and he felt worryingly tired, like throwing up had spent the very last bit of energy he’d still had in him.
There was a beat of silence, which of course only made Dean even more anxious. His heart was hammering inside his chest by that point, loud and frantic, making his internal turmoil even more obvious, but he just fixated his gaze on a particular spot on the floor by his feet and concentrated on it, trying to clear his mind, to keep it as empty as possible, attempting to make sure no unwanted thoughts would decide to make an appearance right then, his entire body growing tense because of the effort.
“He’s in labor.”
Sam was actually surprised at the sound of Charlie’s voice, startled to realize that she was still in the room. He had been so lost in his own head that he had pretty much forgotten she was there at all. It was the first time in a long time she had talked, though, so maybe he had a reason to be startled. She had gone silent the moment Crowley showed up, and she had been completely right to do that. Honestly, Sam had once hoped Charlie and Crowley would never meet, but this was their life, and nothing went according to plan. It would be weird if it did at this point.
Something about how detached Gabriel’s tone sounded bothered Castiel. “Then why didn’t you answer? Dean said you answered his prayer fairly quickly during the hunt he worked in Iowa.”
Dean offered him an apologetic, almost sheepish smile. “Well, Father, to be fair, I wasn’t completely honest with you when we spoke on the phone.”
What the hell was he
Well, that wouldn’t exactly be a problem. Dean had been sleeping quite a bit lately, mostly because he would feel terrible if he didn’t. “I’ve been needing a lot more sleep than that lately. I just feel tired for no reason most of the time.”
“The Shadow can’t come to Earth to claim a human soul, but… while you’re over there…” Jack shook his head, pursing his lips, like he was organizing his thoughts. “The Empty, it’s… it’s not a part of my domain, I guess you could say. So if the Shadow does find you, even if you’re human, then there’s… there’s nothing I can do, if it decides to hide you from me—and it
So instead, all he found himself saying was, “Well, let’s just say I’m glad the conversation is over.”
“Let me explain something to you,” Meg started, and her voice was considerably lower now, a subtle, threatening edge to it, which made her sound even more dangerous. However, she still seemed pretty calm—unnervingly so—and it didn’t even sound like she was struggling to hold Ava in place at all. In fact, it sounded like that was the easiest thing in the world to her, like it didn’t even take any
A whimper made him glance back over to Dean and Cas.
This wasn't good. This was definitely not good, and as that thought truly registered in Sam's mind, he decided he should probably call Dean. Before he could actually stand back up to do that, though, he froze in his spot, eyes widening a little, as it was in that moment that Sam finally realized there was a thin layer of sweat quickly forming over the angel’s skin, glistening under the light coming from the lamp hanging overhead. Cas even seemed to be shaking a bit, too, and as soon as he noticed that, the hunter lifted a hand and pressed it to the angel’s forehead, and his eyes widened once he realized that the seraph's skin was actually burning up. Cas had been a little warm earlier, sure, but apparently the seraph's fever had skyrocketed at some point during the last couple of hours and Sam hadn’t even realized it.
Sam couldn’t say he hadn’t been asking himself that exact same question for months now. He had, countless times in fact, but that possibility just wasn’t something he’d allowed himself to think too much about up until now. It was also something they didn’t talk about, and maybe the reason for that might be a bit of denial, he was aware, but not worrying about it constantly was simply better than the alternative.
smart,” she whispered, keeping her eyes closed, like she was replaying the memories from that cave in her mind as she talked. “The way it knew to tear those ropes to get us down, and when I talked to it, it just... it
“What’s wrong with him?” he decided to ask instead, “I mean, with you two? Is it…?”
Had Dean been drinking something in that moment, he was sure he would’ve spit it all over his freaking bed, but it seemed he had a tiny smidge of luck on his side tonight, because as it turned out, he
And it hurt to see the desperate,
Those two words came out lower than Dean had meant them to, weaker, his voice merely a hoarse, tentative whisper, but it worked, and that's what mattered.
“Dean, I’m going with you.” Cas’ voice was unwavering, so strong and firm it was surprising to hear it, seeing as the angel had literally just limped here.
Going back to their room and falling naked onto the mattress again was the best thing Dean had ever done. He hurried to bury himself under the blankets and pillow before holding one side of the duvet up to tell Cas to join him once the he’d turned off the lights, drowning the room in darkness except for the light coming from the hallway outside, finding its way inside through the still completely open door.
But this was not the time to be thinking about any of that. He could deal with that later, when the time came. Right now, Cas was sick and dying, and Dean had to make it right. And he had to do that fast, because the clock was ticking and their time was running out.
The silence that followed felt like it stretched on for a true eternity, but it really couldn’t be more than just a handful of seconds later when Cas finally let out a relieved breath. The angel’s entire body seemed to relax at once, his wings lowering behind him, drooping in relief as he announced, “The baby’s fine.”
So yeah, Dean had brought Miracle back to the Bunker, and the fluffy, silly puppy was really starting to grow on him—especially when he decided he wanted attention and would just hop up on the bed and cuddle up to Dean first thing in the morning. Hugging him also made Dean feel just a tiny bit better, made that weight in his chest feel just a tiny,
Dean was pretty sure he heard the sound of the bathroom door opening and closing to his side, but he was too busy emptying his stomach to look up, so he could only hope it was Cas. He couldn’t tell if it was or not through the bond, because the bedroom was just across the hallway and Dean couldn’t really tell the difference through the bond with such a small distance; all the bond told him was that Cas was nearby. Or at least he just didn't know how to tell the difference.
“Uh, guys?”
Eileen didn’t question his certainty, and instead simply offered him a small, subtle nod.
There was a note of… something in the man’s voice, something new, and that definitely hadn’t been there before. Sure, Dean could hear the curiosity in there, the wonder, but there was something else underlying his words now that the hunter couldn’t quite put his finger on. He sounded almost… bitter, in a way? Not too much, but still enough for Dean to pick up on it.
Sam and Charlie were very relieved to see Cas awake, even though it was clear they were both pretty worried by the angel's clearly weakened state. But they didn't really comment on it, and Dean wasn't sure whether or not they were just trying to calm both him and Cas down somehow, but they did look pretty hopeful and oddly optimistic all of a sudden. They would also stop by very often to bring Dean and Cas food and water throughout the day, even though the angel wouldn't really eat much at all; would only nibble a bit on his food and not quite manage to actually empty his plate. And Dean was very thankful for Sam and Charlie's help, because as much as Dean wished that they would let him do things by himself and stop babying him, right now, he would very much prefer to keep the amount of time he spent away from the angel to a minimum. And whenever he had to leave the room, either Sam or Charlie would always stay with Cas, even if the angel insisted he would be fine on his own, but Dean just couldn't take that risk.
“A pregnant human female normally starts showing sometime between 12 and 16 weeks, so assuming you will follow the pattern, I would expect you to start showing from 16 to 22 weeks.”
But to be perfectly honest, Dean was getting increasingly less interested in thinking about the past six years, about all the things they could have both done differently, and progressively more interested in imagining what they could be doing
After all, what else was left for him to do?
He swallowed, laying his head back down onto Cas’ chest, and then felt the angel letting out a breath, clearly noticing how Dean had pretty much just dodged the question. The hunter really wanted to ask Cas if he knew what had been happening, just to be sure; if he knew what Dean had been seeing, or at least gotten flashes of it somehow, but he couldn’t bring his mouth to form the words. Part of Dean feared that if he was so straight-forward about this, if he openly shifted the focus of the conversation in that direction, then he would have to talk about it, and he couldn’t do that right now.
felt like couldn’t stay still for too long, like there was way too much energy inside of him and he needed to let it out somehow. He felt like he could just go for a run and not stop until the sun rose up again in the sky. He felt like he could fucking
for him, actually—because now the smell of her blood was
She looked up at Cas, tail wagging again, ears raised and eyes completely alert, before barking at him—just a low, weak little thing, almost like a small plea that turned into a whine at the end.
All Dean managed to do was nod, swallowing drily. Those words sounded an awful lot like his own thoughts on the matter, but he chose not to comment on that.
Charlie’s eyes snapped away from the screen quickly at the sound of the younger Winchester’s voice, snapping her out from whatever trance she seemed to have been on while reading. “Not much,” she shook her head lightly, pursing her lips at the screen, “Just a bunch of stuff on demon deals and some stuff on angels that definitely doesn’t help and is probably wrong, anyway.”
For what felt like the hundredth time since he and Charlie had left the house about half an hour ago, Dean wished Cas could be here with him, because of course the seraph would know what to look for here, what kind of feeling to expect if they came anywhere close to his own Grace, but the angel was obviously in no state to be out and about. Cas had barely even managed sit up on the bed last night, had struggled greatly with something that normally would take close to no effort at all, which led Dean to assume that he probably couldn’t even be able to stand properly at this point, much less get out of the house to search for his Grace. The angel had gotten so much worse so fast, Dean feared he might not have more than a week—maybe even just a couple of days, really—but now the hunter could only curse himself, because he'd been the one to ask Gabriel for that damn borrowed Grace in the first place. Of course, he couldn't have possibly imagined that taking another angel's Grace would only make Cas’ situation even worse—even Gabriel hadn’t even thought of it, apparently—but still, Dean couldn’t help but feel his guilt growing even heavier inside his chest once more just from thinking about it. He knew he had played a big part in the decision of having Cas swallow Afriel’s Grace, and that particular choice might very easily end up costing all of them their lives.
Sam wasn’t sure what to make of it, but he jumped in to explain himself before Jo had a chance to speak.
Cas. Cas was talking into the phone, and Sam was replying on the other end, saying things that Dean could no longer hear.
I feel the need to ask that everyone pay attention to the warnings in the tags, but I'll mention one of them in particular here because I know this one is kind of a deal breaker for some people. There will be Mpreg in this story; it's actually kind of the main plot. I just felt like I should mention it here as well, just in case someone is not comfortable with it and didn't spot it in the tags.
And of course, while Dean played with Ben or listened to all the stories his son was very excited to tell him while they waited for Lisa and Matt to be done with their last minute packing, the worried father couldn't help but watch the boy carefully, looking for any lingering signs of the breakdown Ben had had back at his apartment, for any hint that perhaps that whole episode with the bully might still be affecting the boy somehow. Dean had had a pretty long conversation with Lisa about it, of course, and she'd promised him that she would talk to Ben, that she would try to explain the situation as much as she possibly could to a kid Ben's age, hoping that somehow he'd understand things a bit more, that it would make things better somehow. Afterwards, she'd told Dean that Ben had cried again during that conversation, but eventually the boy had calmed down, and according to Lisa, he was apparently doing a lot better about that whole situation now.
Cas really must have landed on a tree, it seemed. There was a very big gash on the side of his ribcage, with an actual piece of wood digging into his side. Just looking at it had Dean flinching, so much that he hesitated to even touch it for a moment, afraid to somehow make it worse or more painful if he did. It was just a pretty short splinter, true, nothing more than a small, broken piece of wood, but it was still sharp and actually buried in Cas’ skin, and briefly Dean wondered if that had been the reason why Cas had been wheezing and having so much trouble breathing earlier; if it had somehow hit a lung. Fortunately, a closer inspection told him that the thing was buried way too low in his abdomen for it to have reached a lung, so he discarded the idea quickly enough with relief. That would be a lot more than Dean thought he could deal with right now.
Castiel did not comment, not allowing any reaction to show on his face. This wasn’t the point of this conversation, as much as he would like to let his annoyance show. They didn’t have time to waste with Gabriel's jokes, but above all the last thing Castiel should do right now was feed the Mark in any way. “Cain mentioned you had been following him for weeks.”
Fortunately, Dean did not attempt to move forward. Instead, his gaze locked with Castiel's as he heard those words echoing inside his head, green staring into blue for a long, tense moment, until finally the hunter let his eyes slip closed. Dean's throat rippled as he swallowed, chest rising and falling noticeably a few times as the human seemed to take a handful of slow, steadying breaths, and after several particularly long seconds, Castiel finally felt the Mark grow quieter.
Claire, Chuck and Hannah watched from a distance, though, apparently choosing not to join in. The look in Claire’s eyes was pretty difficult to read. She looked almost... wary, which definitely wasn’t good, but she was probably still processing. If Gabriel had come around, then she probably would, too—she just needed a little more time. She was also still holding Dean’s gun in her hand, but her arm was hanging lax by her side, weapon completely forgotten.
But then how did this happen? How could these creatures have fooled both Dean
Jess frowned at Dean, tilting her head a little to the side as she regarded him carefully, though he wasn’t sure how to read her expression right then, had no idea what to make of it exactly. She didn’t look mad or annoyed to realize that he hadn’t been paying attention to what she’d been saying; she seemed simply confused and curious—and maybe a little worried, too. And yet, even if there was no actual sharpness in her eyes, the man couldn’t help but shift a little on his chair, suddenly feeling rather uncomfortable under that intense, measuring stare. He felt the urge to look away from her, and so he let his gaze fall to the table between them.
, and he
So that’s what he did. Soon enough, he was grabbing his things and all but running out of that room, briefly remembering that he’d intended to brush his teeth as he glanced down at the toothbrush firmly grasped in his hand, but he ended up deciding that wasn’t important right now. He also ended up taking his used, wet towel with him because he didn’t really feel like making a trip to the laundry room right now, deciding that he could deal with that later, preferably when he didn’t feel like he was about to puke out his freaking guts all over the floor.
but he did his best to ignore all of it. Without a moment of hesitation, before his resolve could waver, Castiel gritted his teeth together and kept going, kept pushing the stake in deeper and deeper until it finally reached his heart.
Cas smiled at him once more, and there was this warmth in his eyes that Dean really wished to see more often. “I don’t have a preference, either.” His hand traveled down to Dean’s stomach, where it paused once more, “I just want them to be healthy.”
“Her dad vanished back in ‘08, then her mother took off shortly after and left Claire with her grandmother. Claire stayed with her for a couple of years before her grandmother died, and then she got into the system. Group homes, foster homes—she went through the whole process more times than she can probably remember, and then some more. She’s been to more temporary homes and institutions than you’d be able to count on your hands, and her behavior hasn't exactly been stellar during the past few years. At this point, she's basically a poster child for a troublesome teenager.”
“Dean?”
Dean glanced at a window, and he noticed it was night outside. There were no lights on anywhere inside the house for some fucking reason, nothing but faint moonlight bathing everything around him, but Dean could still see perfectly fine, like he had fucking night vision or something, and that realization made his stomach sink down to his feet.
But of course—
Dean had started to yawn soon after he was done eating, and there had been no resistence from the human about going to sleep.
And eventually, it did.
Without a thought, even if he still felt a little disoriented and his breathing hadn’t yet returned to normal, Castiel crossed the room quickly and jumped on Tom’s back, wrapping his arms around the other man’s neck, hoping to pull him away from Ava. But Tom was way too strong, and he freed himself from Castiel’s arms far too easily, spinning around quickly and punching the other man’s chest with impressive force, knocking all the air right out of Castiel’s lungs and making him fall to the floor, gasping and wheezing just like before. The pain that bloomed in his sternum was insistent, almost unbearable, and he wondered if Tom had fractured it somehow.
Rachel Milton, Anna’s 19-year-old daughter.
And why wasn’t she fucking
And deep down, he already knew what he would be hearing next—or, well, he had a pretty good idea, at least. He
Dean had decided to blame the Mark for that.
Dean pressed his lips together, bowing his head again. He could lie—tell Castiel that no, he still wanted to die; that he was absolutely certain of it and wouldn’t change his mind about it. He could insist on the deal they’d made, ask Castiel to give his word again that once Dean’s thirty days as a hybrid were up, he would give the hunter what he wanted, that he would
