this self-conscious about his history or if Castiel’s own lack of experience was making him feel more… impure by comparison, as outdated as that idea was. “I don’t
Cas looks him over with concern this time. “For all my flaws, I don’t think I’ve ever judged you harshly based on word choice alone—unless you were
A loud throat-clearing catches my attention and I realize Castiel and I have been looking at each other for a while. “What’s up?” I ask my doppelganger, who is now taking a seat between us.
They’re ten minutes into Episode VI when Cas puts a hand on his leg and tells him to “Stop pouting.”
“And how are you going to manage that?” Dean wants to know, arms crossed, his face carefully concealing the tiny thrum of tension stirring in his stomach.
But by that time, Dean had picked up the smell of fresh grass and the deeper scent of thunderstorms—causing his heart to start pounding like rain on a roof. And he realized that despite everything else he’d had to deal with this morning, this—this was what he’d been waiting for all along.
Dean nods, accepting, and then reads the next words off his phone without looking ahead. “When did you last cry in front of another person? By yourself?”
When Cas said ‘tomorrow’, Dean didn’t exactly expect to wake up with the angel perched on the chair next to his bed, looking at him across the darkness of the room. He startles a tiny bit at the sight, but then makes himself chill out. He’d told Cas he could watch over him, and it seems like such a human thing—for Cas to be impatient, maybe even a little anxious to find out what he has to say. So instead of going with any of the numerous one-liners that automatically spring to his head, he just croaks, “What time is it?”
Without any warning, Cas grabs Jamie by his overshirt and headbutts him. When he pulls back to do it a second time, I can see the guy’s mouth and nose are bloody.
The sight of Dean here in person, flush-faced, was infinitely more beautiful than the Dean he could conjure up in his imagination, Castiel thought, resuming stroking himself again—although more slowly. “I’m awake,” he responded, simply.
Castiel unexpectedly choked on nothing. “That picture can’t have been up for more than ten minutes. I’m really starting to worry that you spend too much time on that website.”
“And why would an angel rescue me from Hell?” Dean demands at last. Castiel genuinely doesn’t understand the question. He knows, of course, that few people get the second chance that this one is given—but he’s also seen the Righteous Man’s soul, how it shone pure and white against the reds and greys of Hell, the way it called out for its brother—not to ask for rescue from his torment, but because his soul is made of utter devotion—and he only finds it strange that his garrison wasn’t called to collect him sooner.
“Good,” Lisa declared, before turning on her heel and walking along the softly lit pathway toward the front door. Castiel followed a few steps behind her. Through the window, he could see Ben peeking out from one of the bench seats in the living room. “Homework,” Lisa reminded her son, enunciating clearly so that Ben could read her lips. Instantly, the kid scrambled away from view. By the time they got inside, he was already gone up the stairs.
“I’m not particularly happy with this revelation, either,” Castiel says at last. “Even though I can understand where Sam is coming from…It can be quite frustrating not knowing what you’re really thinking sometimes….”
with chocolate syrup like the weirdo she was. “Everything’s been good, mostly. Dorothy and I ran into this one asshat baker when tasting wedding cakes, but—”
“It’s not the same situation, I agree, but the underlying fears are similar. The worry that you will be disdained for being yourself. That you will alter a relationship that—while volatile—has also been one of the constants of your life. I’m not saying that I
“So what?” Dean responded, as Cas wandered past a fake living room setup and somehow found himself facing a wall of toilets. “They talk to you first, so they get dibs on all the easy questions?”
They went home afterward and tucked Ben in together, went to sleep in the same bed, and woke up the next morning in a house that had always been too big but was even more so now. They went to date night on Tuesday—some Italian place with white tablecloths and too small portions—and talked about the new belt Ben earned in karate and where they should go on vacation when they got a chance.
“Dean!” Cas screamed—higher and louder than he intended to—as Dean landed on the bed, creating a temporary dent in the pillowtop mattress that caused Cas to pitch forward as he came down from his own jump. Dean held out his arms to steady him.
He sighs. “I get it, man,” he says, scrubbing his eyes in sudden tiredness. “I mean, I hope, by this point, we’ve learned that when shit goes down, we gotta loop each other in. But I say that knowing I’ve unscrewed a few light bulbs trying to keep you and Sammy in the dark before. So…” He sets another empty beer bottle on his bedside table, next to two photos he has framed.
And John’s right there with him, the glassiness completely gone from his expression. “Even without all of that, Dean, when I tracked the son of a bitch down—when I dragged him from his bed, and he looked at me with those beady little eyes—I knew who he was. I must have seen him before—while he was stalking Mary. His face haunted my nightmares those days she was missing. I’d bet my life—your life—
Charlie opted to ignore Dean altogether. “We could try setting Cas up on some dates, and hope the paparazzi get wind of them—”
you just asked if I snored in my sleep as a human, so it’s not like you don’t have similar…inclinations.”
And with that, she went back to work, ducking her head slightly so that Cas was staring down the part of her hair.
Sam comes into the kitchen the next morning, lifting his hands over his head in a yawn. He blinks when he sees his brother.
No, brunch was for talking about the housing market or which members of the family Lisa’s niece looked the most like. God, he wished he was with Sam and Cas right now, he thought, only to immediately lock that down.
And then, the scene was over—and Michael was once again Dean and Sarah was once again Jessica and there were claps from people seated around the U-shaped table.
“I’ll be at his house in 10,” Benny informs Dean, who, in turn, tells him, he’s five minutes behind. Not that he thinks Cas is being kept in suburbia, but maybe Brady will be there. At the very least, there’s got to be some clue where he takes his targets (Dean’s mind is automatically shying away from the word ‘victims’ while Cas is still missing).
“Dean!” A voice rumbles over me, full of concern. And that’s when I realize for the first time that my head is in my doppelganger’s lap. I sit up, woozily, so that Castiel can get to my older self but, to my surprise, his hands follow me, gently assessing my bleeding forehead.
Castiel has known he’s an empath practically his whole life. He’s been made to sit in chairs across from people and say what they’re experiencing—all while Naomi checked which parts of their brain lit up to confirm his words were accurate. He instinctively understood which days he couldn’t afford to make Chuck angry—and which days Gabriel was going to end up punished because he was absolutely
“So, why the career change?” Dean asked a minute later as if sensing Castiel’s thoughts starting to wander. “You just like writing better or what?”
“I can want my first time to be with someone meaningful without that person having to be my soulmate,” Castiel pointed out. He remembered his cousin and friend again. “That is
“From what I can tell, he’s a poorly performing author, trying to boost his profile by attaching it to yours. I mean, Crowley did market
The author barely caught a glimpse of the white cloth napkin Dean threw before it collided with his face. “Wha—” he sputtered.
Young Dean looks at me the same way he did when I asked him for help with my trigonometry homework in 7
Dean never hated L.A. more than when he wanted to be cruising down a road to nowhere at 90 miles an hour and was, instead, forced to start and stop every thirty seconds, the wind that
In the end, they found a hole-in-the-wall place that claimed there were famous for their chicken wings. Dean looked completely at home sliding into a red vinyl booth, immediately reaching for the plastic placard displaying the specials. He relaxed even further when their waitress—a portly, middle-aged woman—didn’t seem to recognize him. She only raised a skeptical eyebrow when he ordered the Carolina Reaper wings.
Sam suddenly stands up. He shouts “Cas!” over the clang of beer bottles and the whispers of flirting—and she startles a little bit in her seat. But no, Sam is looking in the other direction, towards the door—and she spots a man she’s only ever seen before in pictures.
“Geez, Cas, what’s the 911 call about?” Charlie asked as soon as they reconnected over Zoom. “You know Dean’s gonna hate that we hung up on him like that.”
We got cursed objects and weird spell ingredients in every storage room. Once, I opened up this jar of pollen that caused me to switch bodies with Sam—and if you think it’s bad to be trapped in a car with him farting, just think what it’s like when you literally can’t get away from it.”
“And being a doctor—as you said, it’s so easy to make mistakes. Life-changing ones. If there was ever a day I was—tired or stressed or simply human—and someone received less than the absolute best care because of it, that would haunt me. Writing—I have the chance to go back, to think everything through, to make a difference in the world—emotionally, rather than physically. At least, that’s the goal.”
“So, you seemed a bit twitchy earlier,” the actor pointed out, boots heavy on the steps. “But you’re fine now. Really
The woman’s name was April apparently—and he ended up signing a page out of her planner and, somewhat awkwardly, the back of her white tank top, before they spent a few moments chatting about her favorite scenes from
our backs…. You were trying to stop the Apocalypse from happening all over again—stop us from becoming vessels. You were trying to do the right thing.”
Against his better judgment, Dean found his gaze moving over to where Gabe was shimmying his upper chest—more specifically, to the eye tattoo embedded into the skin just over Gabriel’s heart. In place of a standard black pupil, it featured a swirling pattern in dark blue ink that seemed to move clockwise. The iris part was the same, only the spirals went in the opposite direction. Dean knew that it was an optical illusion—that the mark wasn’t actually moving—but goddamn did it make him dizzy to look at. Two seconds of staring at it was worse than any night of binge-drinking he could remember. “What do you mean what color is it?” he grumbled, rubbing his head.
Sam flashes them a look of concern as they go, so apparently, I am not the only one who has noticed something off.
As an adult in the KBI, he’s re-walked gruesome crime scenes in his sleep. He’s screamed all over again as the bomb exploded inside the convenience store with Jo still in the building (a day that she survived but which inspired her to switch to the bomb squad division).
(which means more time in the makeup chair, goddammit) are absurd, laughable. “Thank you,” they read, mockingly, like he hasn’t heard that every other minute today.
He closed his eyes, walking his own hands down his sides, imagining they were Dean’s. He traced the V-shape of his hipbones since Dean had not yet been able to skip them by—mentally replacing the glide of his fingers with Dean’s mouth. His breath picked up slightly. Often, Dean’s lips were hot against his body—but there was one time he’d just finished drinking a lemonade—and the cold press of them had caused Cas to shiver pleasantly. If he wasn’t starting to get impatient, he’d consider going into the kitchen—getting an ice cube to draw over his heated skin.
And Cas—Cas has never thought about that before. Never knew that there was something there to think about.
“Right now, I’m not really anything, Dean,” Cas continues, somewhat pleadingly. “Too human to be an angel. Too angel to be a human. And if I never want to go back to the Host, maybe the only way forward for me is to…plant my feet firmly in one camp. Join the club, so to speak.”
“So, I, uh,” he looks down at his hands again. “I guess something I like about you is that…you really do make me believe in free will. In a few different ways.”
familiar. Which is my own face. Just a few feet away. In a different T-shirt-plaid combo than what I’m wearing. But the same gorgeous mug. “Who are you?” I ask, gritting my teeth. But then I remember Pamela already told me its name. “What are you?” I revise. And then, without waiting for an answer, I shoot.
Suspicion rises in me, like oil floating to the surface of water. Of course, there’s a reason Dean is acting like this—and not because he suddenly wants to.
It’s not that Dean’s emotions are so unusual. They just come in combinations that increasingly don’t make sense to him: like when Hannah dipped the French fries Dean had brought into her milkshake. How could those flavors possibly go together?
A few seconds later, the actor's back pocket beeped, and he handed the phone back. “Friday, six o’clock work for you?”
“Maybe you should consider a couch in here,” the youngest Winchester said, arranging the chair backward and swinging a leg over it. “It would make sense if Cas is going to be joining us on movie nights.”
“For me, yeah. It’s fun—seeing other people laugh at the funny parts, get all amped up about the twists. Except, sometimes the reactor misses something obvious—or they get mad at a character for something without really understanding
The angel’s lips tighten into a thin line, but he complies. “While Crowley and I share a mutual disdain for each other, we can sometimes count on him to work with us for mutually beneficial purposes. For example, he
Dean’s eyes melted like candle wax, even as he winced in realization. “Shit, Cas. Here I am getting all worked up over this, while you…” He cleared his throat, “That Marv guy is a piece of shit, you know?”
wearing the sweet, slightly crooked smile he’d noticed more and more as their friendship progressed—the one that made him ask
“I—” Cas started, his hips still being guided in a slow circle. “Dean, take them off,” he suddenly demanded.
“Oh—” Cas started to come up with an excuse, then stopped. Dean had mentioned getting together before and it would probably be easier—
Of course, he knew that he would have to come clean to Naomi sooner rather than later. But…the book wasn’t even
Now, I knew from the first time we laid eyes on this broad that she wasn’t going to be an easy nut to crack. But apparently, having an angel on your side changes a lot of things. I look at the older version of Dean.
Clarence?” Meg asks, only to be quickly shushed by the others since the next question is about to be read.
I get a sudden image of Cas back when he was Castiel, watching me in my sleep, and I wonder if he ever stopped studying me like I’m the world’s most interesting ant farm. But then I shake the feeling off. We’re friends. Family. He’s allowed to…observe…I guess.
—out there?” He makes a vague gesture to the stark-white hallway he knows they must have come from, where in addition to all of the noise only he can hear, he can now make out the sounds of shouting, slamming doors, overturned boxes, and potentially gunfire.
“So, uh, how’re you holding up?” Dean asked from Cas’s laptop, as the author closed himself inside his room.
who didn’t recognize Dean Winchester. Castiel had never seen any of his movies, but he had seen trailers—had spotted the actor’s face on magazines when he went to check out groceries. Beyond that, the man was handsome in a way that demanded he had to be
He felt like someone had put his heart in a suitcase that was too small for it and was now bouncing up and down on the lid, trying to force it to close. That combined with the continued cycle of images on the laptop did make him feel a little as if his life was passing before his eyes. But he wasn’t dying. Probably.
“Anything?” Dean asks, pushing into Charlie’s office, though the redhead is almost completely obscured from view by Benny’s tall, broad frame.
Castiel got up, pulling aside his thick blackout curtains to look out the window. There was a group of four individuals clustered together that seemed to fit the bill—two with large cameras around their necks, three holding cups of coffee. He wondered what they would do with their drinks if he were to come down right now unexpectedly.
“Your dry-as-sand cover letter for one,” the agent, who preferred to go by his middle name, Crowley, told him in one of the many phone calls that came later. “I could sell it as a bedtime story—guaranteed to make your kids fall asleep.”
And if there was something he’d noticed—and been jealous of—regarding Dean’s relationship with Lisa, it was the frequent, casual touches they exchanged. Maybe that spoke less about who
pressed up against the door, not Cas—the actor’s wrists pinned against the wood on either side of his head.
, I tell myself, even though a Dean Winchester who was never a hunter would never know Bobby or Jo or Ellen or…Cas.
it, though, was it?” he asked. “Ever since that night in the kitchen—and I guess since talking to Gabriel, too—”
Later, they curled up in bed in pajama pants—their hair drying in crazy patterns that they’ll have to deal with in the shower tomorrow morning—bare chests pressed together so it looked like their phoenixes were talking to one another. Idly, Cas wondered what they were saying.
“I would imagine that contract becomes null-and-void if you are facing legal charges for stealing my personal property,” Cas argued.
“What? No!” Dean protested out of instinct. Then, he got another whiff. “I mean, okay, you are a little, but your BO smells about a thousand times better than Sammy’s.”
Castiel thought, feeling suddenly stripped down in spite of the fact that he was wearing more layers than anyone else in the room. “I just… don’t feel like physical details are important. I wanted to give the audience the room to imagine Michael however they wish him to be.”
cousin, which in Gabe’s mind, meant that he always had to be on Cas’s side—even if Cas didn’t have a “side” to begin with. Sam was much more impartial.
A few hours later, Dean was asleep again, while Castiel sat up, watching the way moonlight and shadows danced across his skin. For the most part, he and Dean had spent the rest of the evening talking about less consequential things and just enjoying each other’s company. It was only when they were in the bathroom, brushing their teeth side-by-side that Dean made one final comment about his father.
“If that will be all, I had a very late night last night, a very late workday, and frankly, I just dislike you.”
This is ten times worse than the cafeteria. Even worse than the time They took him Outside—walked him into a bank on a Saturday morning just to see how he would do.
And I hate more than anything that I can’t see the wings I feel extending from Castiel’s back, especially when, from his perspective, bringing forth their shadows is like taking some of the air and the stars and all the pieces of the universe that are
“Food first,” Dean insists, already gesturing for the paper carton that Charlie had sneaked several fries from. Charlie narrows her eyes at him and pointedly steals one more before sliding the container over.
a hit? What if the dozens of people that had thought his work was no good were the ones in the right? The advanced money would stay his—but, as much of a windfall as that was, it wouldn’t be enough to last him his whole life if the book flopped. He didn’t want to tell his mother until he had definitive proof that he could turn writing into a long and prosperous career.
“Knew you were smart. OK. Would u rather every shirt u wear be kinda itchy or only be able to use 1ply toilet paper?”
The brothers took turns shooting him immobile for several minutes until he suddenly dropped to the floor—flat on his stomach—right as his sixty seconds were up. - How Misha drops out of scenes when 'flying away.'
As such, it was almost a relief when his cell began to play “The Candy Man can…” and, for once, he answered the phone right away. “Hello, Gabriel.”
the point she had been trying to make. “But I’m afraid I have to go now. I’m headed towards the subway.”
Castiel knew he would be hard-pressed to make up a friend in the city that he just moved to. Not to mention, he was a terrible liar when he didn’t have time to prepare. “A peanut butter and jelly sandwich in my apartment,” he said, honestly.
Meg’s teeth flash in the rapidly-falling darkness—a dangerous smile if ever he saw one. “Now, Clarence,
It’s then that Castiel realizes how very close they are now. With only about six inches separating them, this is likely the closest they’ve been since Dean punched him. His breath brushes the back of Dean’s neck and Dean claps his head over it, like he’s just been bitten by a mosquito. And yet—and yet…. There’s this curling feeling in the air—like steam rising from a tea kettle. Tentative and warm and curious—at the same time, tight and tense. Castiel frowns automatically, unsure if it’s coming from him or Dean or both.
“No.” If Jo were here, she’d think he was being soft just because she was hot. Which is unfair, because so is Jo—in a sisterly kind of way—and he still beats her ass whenever they spar. April just doesn’t make sense for this.
Cas could feel his frown deepen further at the insults to Dean. “Well, I hope you enjoyed whatever profit you’ve made from this little stunt. I assure you I will be seeking new representation immediately.”
Dean. I do apologize for the distress I’ve caused you—and for vanishing so suddenly. I was…unwell after I remembered who I was, and then it seemed too late to give you an explanation—but that’s no excuse. I have sincerely hoped that you were happy…perhaps even happi
“But, Dean,” he mentioned, softly. “I don’t think that Bobby and Ellen decided to be a couple one day and that was it—forever. I’m pretty sure that was a choice they made every morning when they woke up. And when life was hard or they got fed up with each other, they
Castiel shrugs, not willing to mention that he’d only paid minimal attention to the TV. “I was given books. After all, it would be hard for me to describe emotions that I didn’t have a vocabulary for. Among those that I had access to were several letters of the Encyclopedia. I read them all.”
“Uh…” he’d said, intelligently, but Cas had just continued staring without commentary, causing him to shift from foot to foot. “I’m… gonna go… take a shower,” he’d announced after a minute, jerking his thumb in the direction of the hallway.
Dean showed no such restraint—and Cas fought a smile as Dean continued to mime his agent whenever Crowley was facing the other direction—though, judging by the way the older man rolled his shoulders from inside his immaculately-tailored black suit, Crowley knew anyway.
Groaning, Dean hauls himself up, stumbles several feet over to his desk, and slams his fist down on the ‘off’ button.
“Pity,” Lisa murmured. “I was just gonna invite Cas to come to dinner sometime next week….” She faced the author again, “Dean really
Panic spikes in my gut—big brother instinct kicking in—and then I realize, with a jolt, that this missing Sam is several years older me. I don’t even know what he looks like.
He cleared his throat, tried again. “I talked to my agent,” he explained. “She’s setting up an interview for me to—to—”
“I believe you,” Sam promises, raising his hands, complacently. “And it’s not like it matters anyway.”
Dean doesn’t even make a fuss about it—just grabs his toiletry bag and heads to the bathroom while Cas unceremoniously flops on the bed. The alarm clock on the nightstand reads 12:03 AM in glowing red letters, so it’s not like Sam blames him.
individuals who accept homosexuality in others but not in themselves. But just because the homophobia is directed inward doesn’t make it any less wrong.”
I’m a lot of things that I don't have names for—but, no, “I’m not pissed,” I promise him, rocking back on my heels.
It took them three hours to find a sufficiently abandoned field. The whole way Dean had been explaining to Ben how to use the brakes, turn signal, and gear selector, so that by the time they had a few jackets stuffed under Ben’s butt to ensure he could definitely see from behind the wheel, Dean figured there was a
I tip a vial over on its head, watching the ink-like spheres inside the clear liquid merge together and then separate like the stuff in lava lamps. Then, I notice the label—Shrinking Potion (affects certain body parts only)—and rush to put it back on the shelf.
“I should probably practice, too,” he thinks, out loud. Sam looks surprised, but pleased. “After all, who else is gonna tell her how long you believed in the Easter Bunny--”
he told himself as he kissed her—soft and slow and rolling—Sarah’s back bending slightly for a better angle. And then, Sarah went from dragging rough nails over his shirt—to sneaking her hands under the fabric, pushing it up, up, and over his head.
by calling them ‘dickless’….” A cough bursts out from Sam, causing Cas to look at him and then back at Dean again. “Shouldn’t it just be one or the other?”
“But…” Dean lets the quiet of the room soak into his voice. “I don’t think I could make that choice again.
“Picking up on these language cues may help you figure out where your soulmate is from--” Professor Mosely continues. “It’s also not uncommon for dreams to feature food or activities specific to a certain place. Someone who dreams of snow probably hasn’t spent their whole life in Florida.
He puts his hand to the door handle—and that’s when he hears the crash of several plates and a few women’s startled screams. Instantly, he’s inside the building, gun pointed towards the center of the room, which gets a few more of the customers yelling.
Castiel might think Dean was rude to talk about Balthazar like that behind his back—if he wasn’t already completely sure he would say the same thing to his face. His brain caught on one word, though, “Baby?”
Dean watches as a guy dressed in a black hoodie and dark pants sets a box down on the stoop. “He flashes a bit of skin there,” Benny says when the video pauses with the man’s wrist exposed. “So, we can confirm he’s white. Height analysis shows he’s 6’1” or 6’2” and seems fairly fit. ‘Course, all this only helps if the Angel Killer didn’t hire someone to drop off the box for him.”
A yawn sneaks up on her—and she takes that as her cue to quit sleuthing for the night. As she tucks herself further under the covers, Brad automatically wraps around her, and she smiles—this time a genuine one.
“Dean’s not coming over today if that’s what you’re waiting for,” he declared when he was a few feet away—and the paparazzi must not be very good at his job because he flinched with surprise at his voice.
“Besides…,” he adds a second later. “It wouldn’t be practical to kill everyone who wants to sleep with Dean. I would just kill
“There’s no hiding something this big,” his cousin continued unperturbed, almost as if he was giving a Shakespearean monologue. “I mean, celebs can’t even walk around without a bra without it winding up online, but this—
But Castiel knew that was far from all of it. “Among the pictures he now has at his disposal is…” He braced himself, “…one of my soulmark. There’s a chance he’ll give it to the media to stoke the press coverage around us.”
Lisa shrugged, the first flicker of sadness that he’d seen crossing her face—but only briefly. “Seems like a waste of time being anything else. And the thing is… I
“Good riddance!” Dean yelled after him—startling a nearby bird on top of a golf cart—before grinning at Cas. “Means I can do this,” he warned before pressing Cas’s shoulders back against the exterior wall and kissing him. The dull scrape of the brick against the shoulders of Cas’s shirt sounded just like the scrape of his own stubble against Dean’s face—such a contrast to Dean’s soft lips—but that’s where Cas’s ability to describe the moment stopped because kissing Dean always wiped other thoughts from his mind.
He steps around the counter until he’s on the same side as me, puts an arm on my shoulder. “We’re all our choices—like I said. And if there’s one thing I know about Cas, it’s that the offer doesn’t matter. He’s always chosen you.”
Castiel felt a fond smile growing at the corners of his lips. “The first day I met you, I knew that you weren’t the
. Most people fidgeted. He stayed so resolutely still that he could make himself practically invisible to people only a few feet away—so that even a slight movement on his part would cause them to jump in surprise. “We need to get you a bell,” Gabriel had snarked, but Castiel found this ability of his useful for people watching.
looks a little winded—and Dean can’t help but feel proud. And turned on. And sorta embarrassed about both those things, but it’s not like he could expect himself to change overnight.
“Without what, Sam?” he asked, testily, even though he knew the answer to that, too. Without worrying about
Castiel’s grace pulls in tighter, a defensive stance as the other angel finally approaches. “This is Uriel, he’s what you might call a… specialist.” His footsteps are unnecessarily heavy against the patterned carpet.
“What?” Castiel asked, catching sight of Dean on the other side of the room in an apparent spar with Meg. “No, I didn’t.”
so I wouldn’t have to. Because, when you care about someone, you care about them with everything you have.
when Roxie woke us up at 2:00 in the morning to poop a damn rainbow.”)—when the cameraman said, “Ready when you are.”
It only lasts a split second before Hannah drugs him again—but it’s enough to send the temperature of the room sky-high.
I blame the bar. Actually, I blame Sammy. Ever since that night when he said that Cas might be into me, I don’t know if I’m noticing more stuff or if I’m just seeing what isn’t there.
By the time he reached the door, the delivery person was already gone, and his food rested in a paper bag on the welcome mat. Castiel quickly brought it to his kitchen island, reaching for the paper towels since the sauce had already eaten through half the bag.
Lisa. He’d met her at a time when she and Dean were a couple, and he was the one intruding, taking time with Dean that, to some degree, should have belonged to her. And then, Dean had chosen to break it off
“Yes, well, me neither.” After all, his experience doesn’t mean all that much when it comes to man-shaped vessels. “But we’ll figure it out later, OK?”
“He thinks Michael should be abducted by aliens, who first probe him, then teach him to slow dance. What do you think, Dean? Interested in learning some choreography for the next movie?”
Once again, Cas speaks very quietly and is asked to repeat himself. “Believe It or Not. Calling All Angels. Angel With a Shotgun,” he murmurs, looking increasingly embarrassed.
"Dean [started] on the opening chords of 'Hey Jude.'" - What Mary used to sing Dean to sleep with, as revealed in "The Song Remains the Same" (5x13)
I think it was a combination of a lot of stuff,” he spoke at last, voice rough. “But, when it comes down to it, I just realized… I’ve been labeled by other people my entire life, you know?
“I’m hoping that this will be worth it,” his brother responds, though with a somewhat-nervous smile.
There was a lot to unpack about that. A lot. And yet, Castiel was caught on one part of it. “What witness? Why would she be biased?”
“Call it ‘Famous Person’s intuition,’” Dean replied. “She was using her ‘Come hither’ voice—which meant she thought she had a chance with you—and
“I just—” he balls his paper towel up and throws it, harder than necessary, at the bin. “I thought our lives were already as messed up as they were gonna get. I mean there’s been times when what we’ve been through—it’s already been too much for me. But, of course, there’s goddamn more.
He rolls his head up to squint at the speaker—“Maggie” according to her name tag. She must at least be in her 20s but looks like a teenager, holding a box under the crook of her elbow and a digital pad out for him to sign with her other hand—all while flashing him a timid smile.
Instead, Dean speaks—not even cracking open an eye to look at him. “Stop staring at me—it’s creepy.”
“What he needed to say to get you on the phone,” Gabriel cut in with an audible eye roll. “Did you seriously think I
Even without him saying anything—or possibly because of it—it was obvious that her typing grew more and more agitated as the seconds passed. Eventually, she flicked her gaze up to his.
“I also think I’ve been putting unrealistic expectations on you to know when I’m upset. Like when the news about Marv came out. I didn’t leave you a message, but I thought maybe our soulmarks would… alert you to something amiss. And when you said you came only because Sam and Charlie called, I was disappointed. That wasn’t fair of me.” Castiel would like to be proud of how calmly and clearly he delivered that, but worry clung to him like mud underneath his nails.
look at the memories—I see them in a different light than I did the first time. I didn’t realize that I was quite so… blatant.” I’m rambling. Another human sign of weakness. I should really stop.
“OK,” he begins, dropping her file onto the table from an unnecessary height just for the effect. “Let’s start with what we know. You’re 27, an only child, with a degree in psychology of all things, and you’ve also been following my victim.”
“I’m not opposed to physical intimacy…As I said, that was…quite pleasant. I suppose that would be the same with either gender. I have just realized that it’s something I only want if there is an emotional connection...a bond…first.”
“Dean…?” I breathe, as he moves towards me with purpose, his leather-and-gun-powder smell reaching me before he does. And then suddenly, there is one hand tugging at the short hairs at the base of my scalp and one hand pressed against the small of my back, dragging me closer—his mouth swallowing my gasp.
But if there is anything that can be said about Dean Winchester it is that he knows how to push things too far. And somewhere between telling the most racist jokes he can think of and imagining what his partner’s wife is like in bed, he sees Benny’s fist launch itself at his face.
Silence envelopes the room, Sam’s eyes darting back and forth between them to see who will break it first but neither of them does. “Anything else you want to ask, Dean?” The youngest Winchester prods.
“From there, I got lost contemplating Freud’s theories on the id—although most of his work has been discounted anyway. Did you know that he made the publisher write the copyright date of
thing. You pretty much have blanket permission to touch me how you want…. As for the rest of it,” he shrugged. “I’m not a saint, but I’m also not into kissing people who don’t want to be kissed, so we go at your pace, okay?”
’—or ‘While I’m flattered you find me attractive, I’m already in a relationship.’ You know, the usual excuse you use when you want to get out of doing something.”
Gabriel, finished with his cake pop, sets the stick to the side, and reaches for one of the Dean Winchester pieces. He sticks his tongue out and gives it a very deliberate lick. Castiel’s hands clench into fists. “What, Cassie?” Gabriel asks, innocently. “Don’t like me putting my mouth on your boyfriend?” There is a smattering of poorly concealed chuckles and Aaron and Anna laugh outright.
“Oh… Thank you?” His eyes flicker over to his Dean, quickly making sure that is the right response and I barely stop myself from rolling my eyes and saying,
I had planned the last section of this chapter from the beginning, but it didn't make it any less confusing to write, especially since it's Dean's POV filtered through Cas's POV. (Or Cas's POV filtered through Dean's POV? As I said, confusing!) So please let me know if it was hard to follow and I will try to make modifications.
It becomes clear pretty soon after we get into the car that we all need rest. It had been nighttime when Dean and I decided to set a trap for Castiel, the mystery demon, and we’d been going non-stop since then. The older Dean must be equally exhausted but insisted he’d be good to drive. Did I believe he was fine? ‘Course not. But I believed he wouldn’t get us killed on the highway and that was enough comfort to allow me to drift off.
“I—no—we had an arrangement,” Cas insists and even though Sam has spent this entire time focused on how weird Dean is acting, he suddenly reexamines Cas. Because he doesn’t think there’s ever been a time that Cas has refused to help Dean when he’s asked for it.
Satisfied, he reached down to fiddle with the knobs on the hot tub—wondering idly why it even had a “cold” setting.
In the days following the public release of the actor’s soulmark, it would have been hard not to. Not only was a blown-up picture of Dean’s bare chest being circulated wildly, but several people also came forward claiming to be his match. Dean shut them down, decisively, even before the media was able to determine they were frauds.
“Charlie, I don’t expect you to divulge your every secret to me. It’s not like I haven’t kept some of my own from you—”
My fingers run along the grain of the chair’s arms—rereading the story of the tree the wood came from for the hundredth time. “What else do you…know…about today?”
The living room is a wreck—the couch and coffee table pushed apart by the two struggling bodies who came between them. The standing lamp, clearly used to swing at somebody, has left a gouge in one of the walls.
“Excuse us! Coming through!” Anna announces, forcefully, elbowing her way towards her destination without embarrassment. Cas stops fighting to avoid jostling more people than necessary.
“I’m not a…hammer as you say. I have questions. I have doubts. I don’t know what is right and what is wrong anymore, whether you passed or failed here. But in the coming months, you will have more decisions to make. I don’t envy the weight that’s on your shoulders, Dean.” Drink. “I truly don’t.”
Sam probably thought they’d gotten in a fight before Cas left because Dean has been holing himself up in his room for almost a week now. But he doesn’t want to talk this through with Sammy either.
Chapter 25: "The room dissolved into sparks of conversation like what happens when two pieces of metal scrape together, in which everyone seemed to stop paying attention to the author altogether. Even Crowley was occupied by his cellphone."
In only a few minutes, their thrusts were getting sloppy. Every once in a while, Dean’s dick would slip against his, just barely pushing into his scrotum, the space where the base of his penis met his balls, and Cas saw stars.
I shove my hands in my pockets, tossing him a sympathetic smile. “Even if I were to explain them all, it’s more of a ‘you had to be there’ kind of situation….But, yeah, I get what you’re saying.”
Dean remembers that, of course. Shooting off illegal fireworks with Sammy. Having his mother make him lunch and offer him a hug. Moments he knew he would carry with him forever. But even though they still carry the weight of something warm and important, they don’t mean the same thing to him that they once did.
Of course, none of this explained why—whoever it was—chose to give the press such an innocuous picture when they had a much more lucrative one on their hands. Was it possible the person didn’t recognize Dean’s soulmark? That seemed highly unlikely.
“Well, shit. I’ve really got to start watching this thing,” Dean mutters to himself. He looks at Jack, whose head is tilted to the side in curiosity.
“Maybe I should reintroduce myself,” he says to all three of them, rolling up his sleeve to display his mark. “My name is Dean Winchester and I’m Cas’s soulmate. We all good here?”
His first instinct was to go sit outside for a while, but, when he got to the kitchen, he realized that a celebrity of Dean’s caliber probably had an alarm system that had already been primed for the night.
“So, are we doing this thing or not?” Dean said, rubbing his hands together. Sam responded by maneuvering a few buttons on the remote until the opening credits started playing.
There’s a crowd around the grocery store entrance. At first, Dean thinks it’s Girl Scouts selling cookies, which would be bad enough. He’s seen enough demons in little girls’ bodies not to trust those too-innocent smiles and calculating eyes. Plus, the cookies aren’t even real junk food—they’re chocolate-covered cardboard that Jack would probably eat as cereal.
What if it wasn’t about Marv, huh? What if you—got mobbed by some crazy fan or got into a car wreck or something?”
“I’m sorry,” he confessed at last. And God, that wasn’t enough, was it? Not nearly enough. “I’m sorry I didn’t know that was going on with you.”
“Okay, you definitely can’t tell me this is normal you behavior,” Sam said, sitting with his arms crossed as he watched Dean pace around the living room.
“Do I get an invitation?” Meg questions, swinging the chain in front of his face until he snatches it from her.
“Well, that’s a cliché. I wonder if being a cheater is necessary experience for that job,” Dean snorts, flipping through the menu. Sam doesn’t even know what the point of his brother’s browsing is—he’s just going to order a burger and fries anyway.
Castiel was already shaking his head. “It’s not. It’s like you don’t have to get along with Meg just because I do. We have a lot of shared friends. We’re allowed to have non-shared friends too.”
“Dean!” Castiel says, feeling his heart warm despite the audience present. “I’m sorry to wake you.” He quickly does the math in his head and realizes, with guilt, that it’s just past midnight in New York, where Dean currently is for work.
involves being annoyed or looking like crap—that’s when you know it’s real. And I don’t want to be in a relationship for months only to figure out it’s not something long-term.” The ‘again’ went implied.
We give the quiet a chance to settle in—like a dog walking around in three lazy circles before deeming it comfortable enough to rest.
“The only thing wrong about the way you sleep is that you somehow always end up removing one of your socks in the middle of the night and then decide you need to bury your bare foot under my calf.”
As an angel, there was a time in my eternal existence when I would automatically turn my head towards the heavens when I felt in need of answers. Instead, I find myself distracted by a pair of fuzzy dice that are hanging from the mirror of a nearby pickup truck. If Dean is any indication, a person’s car is often an extension of their personality and I wonder what the owner of these dice thinks of when he or she catches sight of them swinging.
he and Dean left the backroom of the Barnes & Noble the day of his book launch. Naturally, people started assuming the kind of stuff that made an “ass” out of “u” and “me.”
Sam would argue that if Cas isn’t his other half, that means that his own is still out there, waiting for him—but the very idea seems to take the air out of the room. It makes his skin crawl and his chest ache—and OK, maybe that is a bit Twilight-y of him. But
… and with Sam and Charlie… seeing that I have some power to make you smile in a moment you might not have otherwise, that’s not a small thing to me.”
He immediately navigated to a website with a plain orange background, the words ‘Go Ape FanCam’ written above a box containing a video feed. Castiel would have assumed that the footage being displayed wasn’t live, except that, every once in a while, the image of the hotel-style hallway jostled a bit from the camera being moved.
He scrubs his hand through his hair in a gesture so familiar, it brings an unexpected ache to her chest, but she pushes it down. You can miss a sunset after it’s gone, after all, but there’s no point in wishing for it back—especially when the sunrise is beautiful, too.
Cas barely remembered Dean’s preferred word choices for these kinds of situations, but words can bubbling to his lips anyway, “I’d really like to make you come, Dean,” he growled, not even having to try to make the words throaty. He brushed his lips over the same spot on Dean’s neck that had left him so affected when their positions were reversed. “Want to take care of you—want to feel you fall apart in my arms and see your eyes roll back in your head—knowing that
“You won’t be. Lots of people bring guests, even once they move to set. I think it might help the actors sometimes—having an audience.” With that, Sam started down the right-hand side, Castiel hesitantly following.
And yet, something in his face must have given him away because Balthazar only hummed, thoughtfully. “And what would those be?”
They look at each other. But it’s not like in the barn, where the angel was trying to pierce his soul, or like it was in Bobby’s kitchen, where Dean tried to force his way past cold marble eyes. This is giving, not taking—building a bridge, not demanding entry. And he thinks that maybe they understand each other, at least a little.
Sam apparently doesn’t notice. “I’ll be glad to see you guys at The Bunker too. And hey, Cas, we should really make a point to hang out. Maybe watch a movie together or something.”
“Cheeseburgers,” he says again. “We both like cheeseburgers and comfortable silences and--” He scans his thoughts while licking the slight cut that is on his bottom lip. “We both know that family isn’t just about who you’re related to. Next question.”
“You should slow down there, Cowboy,” Dean points out, as Castiel takes a second bite that’s nearly half the burger. “You’re gonna choke if you eat like that.”
“Hello! Excuse me!” a woman’s voice shouts from the crowd of thinning onlookers and Dean thinks that this is the closest those words have ever sounded to curses. “That’s my brother’s house, so someone is going to let me through and tell me what the
that two of my besties are hanging out. You two, me, and Dorothy should totally do virtual game night, don’t you think? Or maybe Cas can come LARPing with us sometime—”
Cas presses his hand even more firmly against his heart and Dean closes his eyes to feel it more clearly.
This time, Castiel didn’t even bother to scold him. Simply waited for Gabriel to get the rest out in his own time.
Castiel could taste the salt on his upper lip—hear his pulse thundering in his ears. “Was there ever any doubt?”
. Considering the way his book launch went and the increasing frustration he’d had with the media since, it probably wasn’t too surprising that he was awful at it. “You know, Deano, you could just sit on the couch with him. We could turn this into a two-for-one.”
you two are watching that without me. Look, let me get my workout in, drop Ben off at baseball practice, then we can all do it together, OK?”
your boss that I have a copy of that contract in triplicate and that he still owes me two sequels to
Dean rolls his eyes. “We checked with the casino. You arrived there Tuesday afternoon until we caught up with you Wednesday morning.”
“Really?” Dean questioned, while Benny eyed him suspiciously. “‘Cuz it looked like you were trying to figure out how to blow something up with your mind.”
Hannah shakes her head. “The ones who marry non-celebrities actually tend to work out OK a lot of the time. They just don't get as much press.”
Eventually, a general discussion of costume designs devolved into two separate conversations—one about the plausibility of superhero costume changes, the other about Halloween.
Cas looks at him, his eyes dazed, and that helps the pride a little bit. “I’d be willing to accept a new teacher,” the angel murmurs, before the haziness suddenly clears. “That is if you…um…Did you…?”
—and when we do…Well, you’re a lawyer. You know you’ll get off better by cooperating with our investigation.”
OK, you know how last chapter I said I hated doing so many characters in one scene...? This is worse. Because three of them are Dean.
He opens up one of the cabinets and pulls down several boxes of cereal. "Dinner," he explains, resigned to the fact that Jack is not eating anything nutritious today. "They might be a while."
“Anyway, you hitting on women you find attractive is a fairly common sight. And since there was never a possibility in my mind of you ever returning the same feelings I have for you, it would have been unfair of me to try and stop you from seeking companionship wherever you found it appropriate.”
“I think…I think that would make me very happy,” Cas says, the galaxies in his eyes shining just a little brighter. And as Dean slides his hand down Cas’s arm, fingers brushing over a very familiar mark in the shape of an angel’s name, he already knows that he’ll look back at this moment as the one he started falling.
“You’re dating Gabriel,” Castiel nods, confirming what he had already guessed. This would also explain the changes he’d noticed in both of them over the last couple of weeks. Still sharp-tongued and rough around the edges, but maybe a little
“And I was okay with that for a while because who cares what version of ‘Dean Winchester’ the rest of the world sees? But I was—” He paused, but only for a second “—talking to a friend recently about what kinds of things in life are worth being proud of. And I—this sounds really stupid—but I wanted one of those things that I was proud of to be me.
“I figure everyone has at some point or another,” he grunted, draining the last drops of his beer and standing to go wash out the empty bottle.
But the younger Winchester’s eyes have already turned to his brother. His brother who had worshipped their Dad, hit on anything in a skirt, and who had literally said, “no homo” in front of Charlie once, causing her to smack him upside the head. “Seriously,” Sam says, trying to infuse his smile with all the earnestness he can muster. “I really am so--”
Guilt that Dean had been trying to ignore all week suddenly came to punch him in the gut. “I’m sorry, Man. For dragging you into this,” he murmured.
that, alright? That self-blame crap. Crowley was a douchebag outside of what he did to you—and it’s better that Naomi knows that sooner rather than later.”
“I’m going to establish boundaries. No trying to talk me out of my career… or you. I’m pretty sure she still doesn’t like you.”
Cas neatly sets his own food down. “If you’d like, Sam, I could assist you with learning ASL—including some of the…more colorful rejoinders you and Dean seem to prefer.”
car to her parents’ place on the outskirts of the city. He got her point about leaving the Impala behind, even if he hated to admit it. His Baby
“There are a thousand people here!” Sam protests, and distantly, Castiel hears Uriel argue that this is not the first city he’s purged, but Castiel is still watching Dean.
The actor looked over at Castiel for a second, then went back to watching the road in a repeat of their first drive of the day—and Cas wondered if this was something Dean
“Most of the time, people pick actors or singers,” Anna says, as if that makes any difference. “So, the likelihood of you running into them is pretty much zero.”
“Say what?” The two of them look at each other, a whole conversation passing between their eyes in the matter of a few seconds.
defense, the last thing he needed to deal with today was her hitting on either Sam or Cas, which she’d clearly been about to do a half-second after meeting them.
“Ouch,” Dean countered, one hand pressed over his chest in mock hurt. “Tough crowd. What do I have to do to get a ‘good’ around here?”
A chilling thought races down his spine. Before giving it a second’s thought, Castiel snatches the phone out of Sam’s hand—dodges Dean’s attempts to snatch it back. “Is he a teenager? Blonde?”
—about this sorta stuff straight out, Cas—not outside locker rooms or, I don’t know, drinking games—”
“Basically, she said things were going pretty well with her and Matt, and if I was—” the back of his neck flushed—"not bringing you around because I was trying to tiptoe around her feelings, then she was going to kick my ass.”
“So are you a witch or a fairy or something…?” she asks this Cas, once the waitress comes by with extra menus, under the assumption that she was eating with them now.
Cas has no answer for that, of course, and Dean admits that Mary is essentially a stranger who he wants to get to know a lot more than she seems to want to know him—and pretty much leaves it at that.
His chest hurt. It hadn’t stopped hurting for the last week. Not even yesterday—when Dean was supposedly getting married—which meant that no matter what those pictures showed, some aspect of Dean was hurting too. And that just confused his emotions further.
“Yeah, of course,” Dean answered, sounding somewhat distracted. Meanwhile, Castiel was focused on the buzzing sensation, which had kicked up to a slightly higher frequency.
Speaking of…. He doesn’t want to perv on someone unconscious (even if that someone is the destined love of his life) but with nothing else to do but try to steady himself against the jolts of the medical van, it’s hard not to notice the slight curl to his hair—probably from sweat—the deep dip of his collar bones and the natural elegance of his calloused hands. But most of all, he watches the rise and fall of Castiel’s chest, the twitch of his cheeks in his sleep—because these are proof that he’s alive and that Dean will get to see what this man is like on the inside as well as on the outside.
“So why? Why go through all that again? The eating, the sleeping, the shitting. Getting colds. Getting paper cuts. Aging.”
His chair was at the very end of the left section of the U. Nearby, a single chair took up the fourth side of the square. This is where he assumed the actor would sit while reading lines, facing the camera that was positioned behind Mo’s chair.
Should we tell them? It’s not like I’d kept tight-lipped about the future so far, but I hadn’t said anything yet that seemed like it would change how events played out. But if we started talking about our friends, the ones we’d lost, was there any part of me that could keep quiet when I could save them instead? When I could save
He sets it on the desk. “We can finish questions tomorrow,” he declares, standing up and loosening his tie so that it falls more like it used to.
“Light! It’s light!” Jess shouted with the same intensity of a soccer coach yelling at their team, and
“Say…?” Castiel began. And then it occurred to him. He rolled his eyes and kissed Dean’s forehead in the same moment. “I love you, Dean.”
Gabriel picked up his cellphone, dialed a number. “All clear,” he informed whoever was on the other end of the line.
Dean knows a lot of dudes who have mastered the art of perfectly tousled bedhead. His roommate, for one, uses enough hair gel that Dean’s always surprised flies don’t get stuck to him as they whiz by. This guy… definitely isn’t one of those. As he watches, the other student runs his fingers through his silky, dark hair—proving exactly how it ended up looking like he’d recently been electrocuted. Light scruff along the sharp line of his jaw suggests he hasn’t shaved in a day or two—and his lips are so pale and chapped that Dean feels tempted to nip at the bottom one with his teeth, just to get some color into it—before pressing him back towards the nearest wall and—
“Just from the response of women we encounter on cases, I can deduce that Sam is a very handsome man. But you know that I have never looked at him that way. He treats me like a brother and so do I. You are also very good looking, but part of what makes you so to me is that I can see your soul in your eyes… Your attitude is very apparent just in the way you hold yourself….
and I—I don’t know…. The time I spend with him is so precious to me. I just wish there was more of it.”
Cas and Jess looked like they were demolishing the word puzzle at a rapid pace. Meanwhile, Charlie started bouncing up excitedly, talking about something with the synced CDs, so he figured the three of them had those handled. Gabriel was doing—well, absolutely nothing—but he didn’t have time to focus on him right now.
in public now—with Dean finally deciding that Cas can tighten his own ties. But they still have whole silent conversations with their eyes--and loud bickering sessions about everything under the sun.
concern the author considering the other man was driving—and let out a hollow laugh. “Look at you, Man. It’s been—what? Four hours since I said I don’t talk about family shit and—here we are again.”
He denies the call, trying to give full attention to Miriam’s wandering account of last night. She admits there was a disturbance around midnight, but she didn’t think much of it and went right back to sleep. “Of course, I felt just awful in the morning,” she insists, touching him on the arm.
“Charlie, Sam, and I will deal with Crowley,” he promised, before taking a step back. And Dean didn’t stop him. - Cas telling Dean "I left, but you didn't stop me" while they were in Purgatory together in "The Trap" (15x09)
Why would God have us meet the way he did—when I was at my worst—my most angry, my most—my most broken? Was me getting hurt ‘meant to be’ too? And if He let things that happen—if he let Brady hurt so many undeserving people—what guarantee is there that the soulmates He puts together are actually good for each other and not just meant to provide Him with more sick entertainment?”
Which is why it probably surprises himself and me when I squeeze his arm in passing. “Come on, I’ll make you coffee.”
your signature then? Your way of leaving behind an ‘I was here’ since no one in your life seems to give at rat’s ass about you?”
. You could have wiped us off the face of the planet Earth pretty easily if you tried. You didn’t try. You let us go back to Bobby’s, fix the Impala, live.”
“All the conversation topics other people avoid because they’re awkward as hell, he dives on in. He legitimately doesn’t think other people are hot—not really. He’ll say they have very symmetrical features or whatever, but he doesn’t actually care if someone’s good-looking…?
Dean considers him for a minute and then, out of nowhere, flutters his throat over a roar. Jack looks up, startled and smiling, at the Chewbacca impression.
Dean makes a face like he just smelled something a few days past ripe. “You know what—you’re right. This isn’t about you. Cas—perfect day. What is it?”
That still seems like a hell of a lot of blood to lose. But at least the area Benny is circling with his red Sharpie looks significantly smaller than the un-circled areas. “I’ll tell the search party your boy’s most likely here,” he says, putting the thought into action as soon as he says it.
Automatically, my hand comes out to squeeze his shoulder. I press my thumb into the muscle just a little. He tilts his head slightly, a familiar gesture, but this time, it causes the bottom of his cheek to rest against my hand. My face flushes.
The first thing he notices this time are the three pairs of shoes lined up on a mat by the entrance. He opens the closet—where a trench coat still wears a few drops of last night’s rain. This Castiel is neat.
He hoped that would also give him some time… to gather himself together, to think of some way to soften the blow that Dean couldn’t possibly expect coming.
” Dean chokes on his swallow of beer, then nearly spits out the rest that is in his mouth. “Am I being killed by a djinn right now—because first there’s the whole Cas thing—and now you’re…what? Admiring my relationship history?
“So… we’re cool?” Dean asked from the direction of the stairs, his unusually tentative voice unintentionally magnified by the half-domed ceiling.
He feels his body and his mind separating—like oil and water. His heavy limbs are sinking down into the earth while his thoughts are becoming less grounded, floating away as soon as they come into his head. Soon, they won’t be connected at all anymore. And the worst part is, he’s forgetting why that’s a bad thing….
Based on his expression, it appeared that Mo did not like being called ‘Larry’ any more than Castiel liked being called ‘Cassie.’ However, Lee didn’t seem to notice. He had a bright, full-faced smile. A few people in the crowd smiled back at him; he was obviously familiar.
“But Stepford wife and balding four-eyes, whoever they are—whatever happened to them—it wasn’t me. Case you didn’t notice, I just got out of a hellhole. I’m not looking to go back anytime soon.”
She and my other half square off again, leaving me aching, but no longer restrained. I force myself onto my knees and then into a wobbly standing position—when I hear a gun fire.
“I—” Castiel started, then paused. He had a strange feeling—like a nervous buzzing under his skin that was drawing his attention away from the conversation at hand. “He wouldn’t be reliant on me, no. But hopefully, I wouldn’t have reason to move out for a while,” he added. So much had happened since the last time he packed up all his belongings into boxes, but that was only six months ago. He wasn’t particularly looking forward to doing it again so soon,
Technically, this room didn’t have any windows. Instead, it had a large sliding glass door that let out onto a balcony, where a hot tub sat behind a half-wall. Brimming with energy, he made a decision, stepping outside to determine how much privacy this spot had.
Dean glanced down at Cas to find the author looking back at him—younger than he’d ever seen him—and gestured to explain where the two of them would be. Instantly, the author’s shoulders relaxed, and he nodded.
It was something that Dean, who had mommy and daddy issues coming out of the ass, couldn’t understand. To be fair,
“Oh, I’m picking up Dean. He and some of the other actors are working through stunt choreography. Gives them a couple of months to train and practice before filming starts.” They paused at a fork in the hallway where Cas would normally take a left. “You wanna come say ‘hi’?” Sam asked.
And with that, Cas shifted his attention over to Lisa—figuring they could all use a change of topic.
“It’s complicated,” Sam compromises. He can hear Alex’s and Jody’s good-natured arguing in the kitchen, but the individual words are too low to make out.
It wasn’t all smooth sailing, of course. Dean just stood there, wondering what to do a couple of times—which is when he tended to get the maddest at Gabriel. “Aren’t you supposed to be—figuring things out?” he asked Cas’s cousin, who was sitting in a fake electric chair like it was a throne.
Dean’s mouth worked up and down, disbelievingly. “Screw you—that was a great joke—” he argued at last.
“Sure,” Castiel answered, mostly because he’d found that having something to do with his hands had eased their previous conversations. Lisa nodded, reaching up to the cabinet where the small plates were held while he maneuvered his way onto one of the stools arranged by the kitchen island.
“Do you… not know what draws you to it?” Castiel asked with a tilt of his head. A lot of people were like that—full of definitive likes and dislikes but with no real understanding of why something spoke to them. But when he was writing a character, the
Somehow, they wound up asleep at about eight o’clock in the evening—which was possibly the worst time to take a nap ever. But Castiel hadn’t realized how tired he was until he was in bed with Dean’s arms around him—and Dean was just perpetually tired these days. When they woke up two hours later, it was with rumbling stomachs. “Pizza?” Cas suggested, yawning.
maybe you weren’t making him up,” she says, crossing her arms and looking down at her black-painted nails. She’s leaning against a sports car that is neither hers nor his, looking every bit like she owns it. “Do you want me to testify on your behalf or something?”
“Woah, woah, woah, Little Man,” the actor exclaimed, having already changed out of Michael’s wardrobe and back into his own. “I thought we talked about this. If you’re not cool with me or your mom seeing other people, you’re supposed to come to
It also seemed clear to the college student that whatever they might have had in common in another life, it was not
“Oh, of course,” Cas replied, but his brow was furrowed. Which made sense. Because Dean was acting fuckin’ weird and he knew it. Part of it was lingering guilt over what he’d told Sam without Cas’s permission. But then there was the stuff Lisa had implied….
“Oooh, really juicy,” his cousin sounded as excited as a six-year-old that was told the birthday party they were attending had a bouncy castle.
Then Pamela grinned. “And what was your earliest memory of you questioning your sexuality…?” she asked.
Dean considers probing further, asking what Cas’s other exes thought about that situation. You know, in the name of research. But it doesn’t really relate to the case. And it's unfair to Cas how much he already knows about him when he doesn’t even realize Dean
“That’s not what I meant,” Cas pointed out with a huff. But he did make his way over to the sink, lifting the faucet with his elbow so that he could run his hands under the tap.
gonna get myself some normal ass Russets,” Dean clarified, grabbing two of the fist-sized potatoes from the top of the pyramid they’d been stacked in. He glanced over at Cas as he placed them in the cart. “What…’s up? Why are you looking at me like that?”
“Anyway, my point is that some people might tell Sam that getting into Stanford was an accomplishment. But the kid was so smart, that didn’t take all that much. No, his accomplishment was going in spite of Dad yelling at him not to—in spite of me beggin’ him for the same thing. And you, Cas, you’re made of the same stuff. You went against orders—against the entire
“We'll stop this witch before she summons anyone--” Sam starts and Castiel should pay attention to the point the younger Winchester is making. But Dean hasn’t broken his stare so Castiel won’t either—knowing that when challenged, The Righteous Man has always challenged back—and something in the angel desperately hopes he’ll do it again this time.
times. That’s billions of people still alive and breathing because of what you’ve done. Including me,” he points out, leaning forward. “And even without you saving my skin more times than I can count—which you
“Well, I, um,” Aaron clears his throat. “Might have been under a table looking for my contact lens when Dr. Cain came into the breakroom.”
“Nothing much,” Sam replied with practiced casualness, wiping seeds off his knife. “I was just asking Cas if he wanted to go to the farmer’s market with me this afternoon, but he said he was hoping you’d help him work on his shooting instead.”
“That wasn’t his fault, exactly,” I wince, knowing how this would sound to a younger version of myself. “Cas’s got a human form now, but he didn’t know he needed one right after he yanked our ass out of the basement. Didn’t really know how to talk to people either—you know, the screeching. He
Dean thought about pointing out the different constellations in the sky, but in the end, he just let Ben watch the stars. Meanwhile, Dean watched Ben.
Well, that sounds worse than another 40 years in Hell. “You want pie? ‘Cause I want pie. I’m going to go …”
He remembers now—had never really forgotten—getting drunk one night and telling Cas that John used to hit him sometimes. Not that it was a big deal. Everyone in this family beat up on everyone else from time to time—he’d gotten bruises from Sammy too. And yet, even as he thinks it, he knows that it should be different with your kid.
I think, knowing I’ve never let go of a damn thing my whole life—but Sam’s never been me—not by a long shot. I hesitantly sit back down again.
. Not that every child doesn’t deserve the chance to fulfill their dreams, but she’s a favorite among the staff. In and out of hospitals for several years, she’d never let her disease diminish her fighting spirit—and Cas’s heart both warms and breaks whenever he sees her trying to cheer up her father and the younger children in her ward where others in her position might wallow.
He’d heard the expression “honeymoon phase” before. From what he understood, it was a time of carefreeness—when individuals overlooked their partners’ flaws because they were so enraptured by how good it felt to be together. He’d also been told by Sam that he and Dean had skipped that, and the wedding, and about thirty anniversaries to go straight into “married couple bickering.”
“I don’t?” Dean mocks. “Turns out Jack and I are fast friends.” He stands up and takes his suit jacket off. At the same time, he slips a chocolate bar out of his pocket, feeling slightly bad he’d never given it to the kid. “He loves nougat, you know,” he adds, sitting back down, stripping the chocolate bar of its wrapper, and taking a savage bite.
“I am perfectly capable of accessing movies on my own, Dean. And sometimes I like to pick the ones you expressly mention disliking just to see what all the fuss is about. Speaking of which, The Notebook is actually quite touching.”
“It’s like trying to squeeze oil out of a rock with you,” Benny sighed before there was a creak like he had been sitting before and was suddenly standing with a protest from the leather couch. A second later, Cas heard the refrigerator open. “Can’t help but notice that except for that first night at the bar, the only time we’ve hung out is at your place or here.”
“Well, if your ‘style’ prohibits you from saving me unbearable pain, then I believe you already know where the door is.”
It shouldn’t matter anyway. Even if Cas is…confused, he’s never done anything about it, so he’s probably not going to. And I sure as hell ain’t bringing it up, knowing I could never give him…
He answers slowly, “I would never betray the person I love for someone I merely found physically attractive.”
The youngest Winchester lets out a bone-weary sigh. “My point is that, as much as you guys are willing to put your lives on the line for one another, you’re really not willing to listen when the other has something to say. And yeah, eventually, you get past whatever argument you’re having by pretending like it never happened, but you never address the root of the problem, so the same issues come up a year or two later. And when they
I don’t argue—just help Bobby load 007’s annoying cousin into the trunk after stripping her of her weapons and cell phone—while Other Me, done with helping Cas into the Impala, hides her car.
Castiel thought over his sentence again. When he realized what they were both going on about, he hoped the glare he shot their way remained effective despite the heat he could feel staining his cheeks.
Dean winced. He hadn’t seen all the pictures out of self-preservation, but Charlie had filled him in on those. Apparently, there was a couple of Cas in Dean’s AC/DC tee that he’d borrowed from his overnight stay—and a few others clearly showing Cas in a different shirt
Dean reminds himself, running over despite his body’s protests, only to dodge an arm headed for his throat. Still, there's two of them and only one of her—and together, they're able to tackle her to the ground.
like an extra in a horror movie?” Dean asks, unsettled, as Castiel scrambles up onto the seat to check Samandriel’s pulse.
Eventually, he gave up attempting to be productive; he stayed in sweats and tried to take naps to make up for the sleep he wasn’t fully getting at night; he ate more of the Oreos he hated and spent way too many hours watching a show called
He says it so earnestly that I just want to believe it—the way you want to believe you’re safe under your bed covers when really, you’re just lying there, vulnerable, without shoes on. “That place changes you, Sam.”
I can see that I’ve caught him off guard—and it’s about time that he realizes that being older doesn’t automatically mean he’s wiser. Considering he’s likely had hundreds more concussions than me, maybe he’s lost a few brain cells. That would explain a lot.
go, the actor reached into his pocket, looking for change. What he pulled out was a pile of coins, several balls of lint, mint wrappers, and a fortune cookie message that read, “Ignore previous cookie,” but at last, he separated out just the quarters. “Here,” he gestured and Castiel obediently opened up his palm.
He had been working on Deadpool at the time and his publicist, Crowley, had a field day spinning that one. “Actor a Hero in Film & Real Life,” one particularly laudatory article had read. Sam framed a copy like the embarrassing little brother he is. Dean tossed his away and ordered groceries on delivery for two weeks until the media’s attention turned to
“You’re in a happy, committed relationship—why are you making it sound like a bad thing?” Sam asks as Dean’s tone climbs higher.
She sighs, twisting her long hair around her wrist before draping it over one shoulder. “There was a blond guy parked outside his house for the last couple of weeks. Didn’t approach the house or Castiel as far as I saw. Just…watched.”
With the boys gone, I’ve continued to patch up the warding around the ceiling. I'm in the middle of the weird trumpet-like rune,
Castiel wants to help, he does—but it’s chaos again—like a wave crashing overhead, smashing the shore. So, instead, he waits—feeling exposed, out in the open, even as he wedges himself into the space between the front and back seats.
“Hey, whatcha thinking about?” Dean asked Cas, nudging him where their arms already touched from shoulder to elbow. The author had had a faraway look in his eyes for about a minute.
Sam shakes his head. “Actually, that’s not true. Remember how we were able to track down the Colt because Becky told us what happened in one of the books? There’s lot of tidbits like that…Plus, you know, the stuff we don’t tell each other.”
I’m pretty sure I hit him with my spit as my sputter turns into a yell. “You just told me that the guy who looks like a Rolex salesman is the
should know is not a normal thing to happen so often between “friends.” “Cas, would you mind helping me translate this Enochian?” he asks, annoyed since it’s something he would have been able to do on his own if it weren’t for all the
“Aren’t we currently trying to win the media to our favor?” he questioned, taking long strides back over to the bed.
However, just as I open my mouth to offer to heal the older Dean sober, he announces he is going to the bathroom. “Yeah, me too,” the past version says, scrambling out of his seat.
The instinct to cry has been pretty much trained out of him—the squint of his eyes and the hard set of his jaw about as close as he comes anymore—but the fact that the urge is here—now—surprises him. He wants to go
“If you do, all I ask is that you let me know. Besides that, the only other expectation I have is for you to be Dean—as infuriating and crass and insensitive as that can be sometimes.”
Cas twirls the kitchen knife around in his hand once before he resumes dicing up tomatoes for salsa. “Show off,” I say, accidentally bumping his shoulder as I head to the refrigerator for the ground beef.
Dean sighs and I think that he is accepting defeat for now, that he will tell me he’ll see me back at the bunker. Instead, he mutters. “It wasn’t as awful as I thought it would be.”
“I—” Mariah gave him an almost startled glance. “I’m not sure yet. Also, I didn’t know that was an interest of yours, Dean…?”
“That, in turn, had me thinking about a book that I never returned to the library when I was twelve because I borrowed it a few days before we moved and ran out of time. Only
It was pretty obvious the second she noticed him beside her. But she didn’t speak, didn’t gesture—the
Sorry this is so late. I actually wrote the chapter after this one first and then realized something was missing, so I had to work backward. The good news is that means the next chapter is 80% or so done.
When Cas turns his head to look at Dean more fully, it causes his thumb to brush against the surprisingly soft skin of Cas’s neck and he retracts his hand quickly.
, and the other half wrapped around his neck, playing to his collarbone. “Anything you wanted to contribute, Ash?”
Something in Dean’s chest tightened, relaxing again when he let out a breath. “Come on, Man. Don’t get all sappy on me.”
Of course, it was at that moment that one of the pens in his dress shirt pocket decided to explode, quickly soaking a fist-sized area of the fabric in dark blue ink. “Fuck,” Cas said decisively.
Like I get that he does reckless things a lot—places his trust in douchebags who are just gonna screw him over—but this… is messed up is what it is.
The actor looked over the plates, where two slices of chocolate cake were topped with cherries—stems and all. Cas knew a
“Like ‘Rock-a-Bye Baby’ or what?” Dean wants to know, not really sure why he’s pushing it except for the extra-stiffness in Cas’ posture.
Besides that, there are some common themes—animals, running, feeling trapped. It makes him kinda sad for his other half, honestly.
He doesn’t know what use that could possibly be, but he jots down as much as he can remember in his notebook anyway.
Cas attempted to pull his hand back, embarrassed, but Dean was quick and caught it—intertwining their fingers together. The sensation of their palms pressed against one another felt just as new—just as intimate.
Castiel slowly slid his eyes over to his cousin, who had one eyebrow raised expectedly. “Um, there isn’t more, is there?”
"Dean found his gaze moving over to where Gabe was shimmying his upper chest—more specifically, to the eye tattoo embedded into the skin just over Gabriel’s heart." - Partially inspired by the
Even from the Impala, he can see the falling star drawn onto Castiel Novak’s front door. The dripping red paint looks like blood—but thankfully, it hasn’t been at any of the crime scenes so far.
Which reminded him, there was something he was wondering about. He gestured with his hands and she let him take her empty plate, along with his own, to the nearby bin. “I thought, when you first came in with Dean,”—he began upon his return— “that you might be auditioning. For Sarah.”
Castiel checked the synopsis again. Also correct. It was sort of like Dean was himself an investigator, just picking up different kinds of clues than the characters. Given that, Castiel was surprised
As soon as he opens his arms in invitation, Cas is in them. Dean likes how real and solid he is. How much like the wind he smells. How much
“Eh, as far as I’m concerned, nothing beats driving out to the middle of nowhere to look at the stars with your own eyes. And a six-pack,” Dean argued, after taking the ketchup bottle away from Ben (“Are you trying to recreate the Red Sea there, Kid?”)
It's fun to write Cas and Dean settling into a new rhythm that's a little bit more easy with one another and Dean will definitely do some self-reflection on that next chapter. I'm also really looking forward to getting Sam back in the mix, at least for lunch, and hope you guys are looking forward to it too.
“The decision to decide is a decision in itself,” the mulleted man quotes, before taking his headphones off—still blaring music—and tossing them inside his backpack.
“Of course, Sam,” Cas says, turning to the side and inadvertently revealing a hickey that had been sucked a few inches below his collarbone.
I’d tell you to stop being a dumbass. We need you here to figure out all this time travel stuff. Plus, I
“Yes, Cassie?” Gabriel asked, but he didn’t stop. In fact, once he removed the shirt completely, he proceeded to whip it like a lasso over his head.
I wasn’t mad about that,” Castiel pointed out, “and I need you to believe me. I’m much more interested in spending time with you than where it takes place. Frankly, it’s possible you’re mad at yourself about that and projecting it onto me.”
that the actor had so little faith in him. In them. “It might have been destiny for us to meet, but the journey we took afterward was
“Before you landed on ‘Go directly to jail; do not pass go; do not collect $200,” Dean specifies. Then an idea seems to occur to him that freezes his emotions over like the moment the dew on grass turns to frost. “Wait—were you…?” He’s probably recalling the story Sam told—about Bobby’s wife and their baby.
“OK, this guy knew Cas well enough to be wary of him, but I doubt he is the kind of person who could wait too long before acting once he finds someone who meets his criteria. So I need you to tell me about any people you know of who Cas has met within the last couple of months. Did he go on any blind dates? Suddenly start eating at a new restaurant? Did he go to the mechanic, the bank, a book club where he might have interacted with someone different? Obviously, that’s a big question, but anything you give us could be helpful.”
“Dean,” Sam said, wiping his eyes as if to make sure it was really him. His brother had clearly been to bed already, judging by how messed up his hair was—with strands sticking up on one side and flat on the other, like he was half Albert Einstein. “Couldn’t sleep?”
But even as they’re joking about it, Sam realizes he can actually see it happening someday—Dean getting married. And isn’t that something?
The rest of their afternoon felt like it passed in a highly saturated blur. Dean suggested they could go down to the spa for massages, but Castiel didn’t like the idea of strangers touching him, so they strolled through the shops downstairs instead—Dean pretending not to be thrilled when he found a pair of cowboy boots in the leather goods store and pretending even
in my mind, like an instant hangover—and even though I can tell my vision isn’t affected, I still have to try way too hard to see the road because all my attention is being focused inward.
And that seemed to be what finally sprung Dean into action. “Such a goddamn smartass,” he complained, stripping his shirt off as he stumbled on the way to the bed.
Instantly, Lee’s posture changed, becoming less loose-limbed. Castiel was startled at how fast the room settled into a hush.
we get to the ulterior motive,” he joked while carefully grabbing her hand in his own, moving it closer to the center of his chest instead. He’d learned a while ago that if he did that, it would stop her from absently tracing his soulmark with her fingers.
Compared to some of the things he’d seen and heard, the distant sound of a headboard thumping against the wall coming from Dean Winchester’s suite didn’t even rank in the top 100. Although, he remembered, the actor
Castiel tilted his head to the side. “I believe that concept is only supposed to be sexually stimulating when I’m the one putting them on you,” he responded.
“Charlie,” he growled a warning, feeling very close to the end of his usually long-lasting patience.
“I don’t know. We came back here. There was a woman waiting for us. She blasted me away. I don’t know who she was. I don’t know what happened to Sam.”
This time, a picture comes up on the screen—of a very shirtless Dean playing frisbee on the beach. The room is filled with catcalls from the women and Aaron and Castiel can’t help the blush that immediately floods his face—even as the picture rapidly zooms in to focus on a tattoo written on Dean’s side going towards his armpit. Castiel suddenly feels nervous about what question is going to be asked.
Castiel was tempted to ask one more time if Dean was sure, except his soulmark was calm against his skin—and part of him felt he would
“Samandriel’s being quiet now,” Castiel speaks up, more defensively. “She shouldn’t be able to track him. And her equipment only has a 50-mile radius.”
Castiel shrugged. “I trust you to select an activity I won’t hate. And I’d rather spend time with you than in my apartment by myself.” He wondered if that should worry him. But… he’d also been talking to Gabriel and Charlie more
Cas was ripped away from the story he was reading by Lisa rapping sharply on the driver’s side window of his car. “If you and Dean don’t stop being complete idiots, I will
“Okaaaaay,” Dean said, his voice clearly lost somewhere between fond and impatient. “And what about the other thing…?”
Sam immediately rummages around in his pocket, pulling out a cellphone that’s a lot smaller and less shiny than the kind Castiel is used to seeing the lab techs use. “Hey Jody, what’s—” he starts, only for his words to get cut off by the piercing sounds of screams.
It would have come as a pleasant surprise to the teenager he used to be to see him now—sitting in the middle of his living room, surrounded by people who shared his interests in a non-ironic way.
“Since I know you’re wondering,” I sigh, already anticipating the coming protests. “Cas is an angel. Of the lord. Well…he fell. So, never mind, scratch that last part.”
This evolved into Dean reciting ridiculous state laws—“Who the hell pushed a moose out of a moving airplane in order for
“I would think he’s concerned that Chelsea doesn’t feel the same way about him—and that bringing it up would jeopardize their friendship,” Cas responds, looking down as he plays with the zipper on his hoodie.
Dean felt more anxious than he’d like to admit while he waited for the call to come through. When his laptop finally
He walked over to a pedestal with the word “Vampire” etched into the wood, picked up the box resting on it. It contained an obviously fake gun and a silver bullet.
“You’ll have them while you’re here, though, and I can’t say how you’ll react to some of the things you’ll find out. You can be…unpredictable, sometimes.”
“Wow,” Sam blinks, toothbrush still raised almost like a weapon near his face. “That is…er…not at all what I was expecting you to say.”
“Nothing yet. I just set up the dominoes. It’s all waiting for you and your little friends to knock the first one over.”
Normally, he would have snorted, but making fun of Sammy was the last thing on his mind at the moment. “That’s, uh, yeah, good—good choices.”
It does so five times. Castiel knows from experience that the voicemail picks up after the seventh one—and he’s just about to hang up in defeat when a familiar sleep-worn voice picks up and croaks, “Hey, babe.”
“Hey. Did I stutter?” I press in closer to the Brit, once again indicating the ground—and that turns out to be a mistake. She jerks my gun toward the ceiling just as I set it off and then—making a sound like a reverse hiccup—I suddenly can’t breathe.
“It’s a dermatologist’s office,” he pointed out, pacing the length of the room. “I wasn’t sure how vivid a description you wanted of the various rashes that I see in a day.”
“Guess it’s good to get some practice in,” Bobby says, adding the tiny dots beside the sweeping part that looks like a Z. “Before I gotta start writing it on wedding invitations.”
For a minute after he hung up with his cousin, Castiel remained slumped at his computer chair, unsure what to do next. A part of him wanted to see what other information he could find out about Dean and Lisa—and another thought that was the last thing he should do.
Cas is giving us both his signature look of confusion and I quickly clear my throat. “Don’t mind Sam. He must have gotten his head smashed harder than we thought. Whatcha got in mind?”
His eyes are pleading with me and I know what he wants me to say, but what’s the point? What’s the point of admitting that I feel like one of these freaky Russian dolls with all the miniatures that fit inside one another? Except I’m not sure if Future Me is the outer doll or the inner one. Is he something I’m destined to be or someone I already am inside? And what about the fact that I never wanted to be a fuckin’ toy in the first place? And certainly not one who—
And it made no sense—how Cas could feel his heartbeat in his ears, his stomach in his chest, and his soul possibly floating outside his body—and yet, still know with absolute certainty that the lips moving against his own—soft in contrast to the tiny scrape of teeth—were
"It’s not a competition, Dean," Sam insists with an eye roll. "But…thanks for—trying to cheer me up.”
He’d been planning to take this as slow as the rest of it—to move them closer inch by inch, giving them both a chance to back out if necessary. But apparently, Cas didn’t get the memo because a second later, warm lips crash against his, already nipping, prodding—and Dean must not have gotten enough air, because his head’s already spinning.
If this went on long enough, eventually her icy exterior would crack, leading to sobbing voicemails about how she was only trying her best—attempting to stop him from making the same mistakes that had led to her being so unhappy in life. Castiel didn’t know what lay beyond this stage—since this is usually when the two Novaks agreed to a truce.
“Screw the charges! We don’t have enough evidence without Cas, so he’s waiting us out—hoping Cas will starve to death or bleed out first—and I ain’t gonna let that happen.” It’s already past 9 and Dean’s doing his best to hide the fact that all the muscles in his body are vibrating—like guitar strings that haven’t realized that their song has ended.
“Dude,” Dean interjected, with almost a laugh in the sound. “That’s just imposter syndrome. Loads of people have it.”
I was,” Cas muttered, wondering for the hundredth time in the last hour why he hadn’t deleted that photo ages ago. It had just seemed… wrong somehow. Especially when he thought he and Dean were never going to come into contact—it was a pleasant reminder that he
“I’m gonna be honest. There have been times I have been pissed at you—really, really pissed. But even when I hated you the most, I never
, of sleepiness catching up to him and making his limbs feel like they were weighted down with sandbags.
strange. But he does it around you a lot. The staring? You’ve got to realize that’s not…. Dean doesn’t just look at
“Ran the tail number that what's-his-face gave us. The plane that Evil Elsa flew in on has diplomatic registry…We won’t be able to view the flight plans unless we want to hack the State Department.”
"The Righteous Man" - While this is a reference to Dean's title, given by the angels throughout Season 4, Cas's book will NOT be Supernatural, just FYI
“Yeah, well,” I mutter when I can breathe again. “I’ve never judged anyone else for having the hots for me before. Why start now?”
"Like if Cas got all weird and statue-like sometimes, he was still a statue of a person and you could kinda tell what he was thinking. Naomi looked like a statue of a statue—cold and marble all the way down." - The repeated idea in Supernatural that angels were statue-like, especially as indicated by the conversation between Dean and Anna (Heaven and Hell, 4x10)
Doubt Dean is going to do anything about it, though—if he even realizes what’s going on there. That boy is smarter than he gives himself credit for—but that doesn’t stop him from being dumber than a box of rocks. Even before time travel seemed like a legitimate possibility, he’s been the kind to get so hung up on the past that he can’t see what’s right in front of him.
This one, at least, is pretty easy to answer. “Pre-warning of the next apocalypse would come in handy,” he sighs, thunking his head against the headboard. “Maybe we could nip it in the bud this time.”
“The ring, the ring, the ring,” she says, not really pointing in explanation so much as drawing a diagram with her finger.
I pull out the burner cellphone I’d been given—filled with pictures I sent myself from my Other Half’s phone—and with a few contacts I decided might be useful.
Then, he takes another minute to think it over. “Would it be bad if I said I don’t know? It sorta depends on how this next part plays out.”
Outside the window, grey skyscrapers stood bold and commanding against a grey sky. In the distance he could see Sears Tower, where he once stood on the 110
“So, since production decided to keep Rowena’s natural accent, a few bits of dialogue were—hold on,” Chuck muttered to himself more than Castiel, shuffling papers as he talked. As usual, the script writer’s office looked like what would happen if a tornado went through a garage sale. In addition to the stacks of binders that were everywhere, loose pages covered the floor, some bearing footprints.
Dean steps forward to stop him from tripping, which somehow winds up with his arms around Cas’s waist and Cas’s hands pressed against Dean’s chest. Around them, his fellow interns give nervous chuckles, Benjamin coughing something Cas can’t hear.
The cop conducting interviews slid a photo across the table to Michael—containing the name “Judas” spray-painted across the museum’s video surveillance screen. “
life—where Dean regularly went out to A-list parties and drove around in his collection of classic cars while Castiel spent weekends in his room, interacting with friends he mostly met only over the internet and lying to his mother about how excited he was to become a doctor someday. “It’s better this way. I’m not attached to Dean, so it’s not like his absence from my life will change anything.”
“Your calendar is going to need some looser sweatpants, Cuz,” Gabriel had said when the author mentioned it. And Cas silently conceded that he had a point.
I flip a switch and a completely different set of buttons light up; this time, they’re decorated with Avenger’s insignias—although I see Charlie made an exception for Wonder Woman.
(“If you got stuck on a deserted island and could only pick three things from Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory to have with you, what would you pick?”
“Thank you,” Castiel said to the random parent his mother had commissioned to take their photo. Naomi Novak was too busy squinting down at the screen.
He was trying to think of a way to say all this when Gabriel’s voice deepened dangerously. Apparently, the older man had been doing some research from his phone. “Who’s this boy toy your boy toy is with all over the feeds?”
“Fine,” Crowley says, hands in his pockets. “I’ll leave you alone to play with yourself, but I expect to hear from you soon.” At that same moment, Sam comes in and leans against a pillar, arms crossed over his chest, “And by the way, Moose, I think there’s something wrong with your demon warding.”
. So, eventually, Cas had just started writing, and through that process, had begun to feel better on his own. So, did he need Dean there? Possibly not. Did he
Dean barely remembers high school science, but he doesn’t think any frog in biology class was ever dissected as casually as that. “So…
voice anywhere. Sure enough, when he whipped around, he found Gabriel, standing in the middle of the men in uniform—none of whom had apparently noticed that someone had followed them in through the open door.
from the dead a couple of times and saved my life more than a thousand easy. It seems to me that all those dick bags have done is prove that you aren’t capable of hurting me.”
Castiel still had Dean’s clothes that he had worn home from his overnight stay. Meanwhile, his polo shirt and jeans had gotten lost with Dean’s when the housekeeper had put them in with the wash and then gotten called away unexpectedly.
His eyes quickly tell me he doesn’t appreciate the blasphemy, while mine remind him that now is not the time.
“Well, no time like the present to go digging up the past,” I say, faking more eagerness than I feel.
It was—surprisingly enough—their first kiss of the day. Maybe their fourth or fifth kiss overall. It was also perfect, as far as Cas was concerned.
“We weren’t sure if that would be too many people for you to deal with all at once,” Sam says just what he’d been thinking, and it startles him. “Plus, Dean was worried he might’ve decked you too hard, so…”
There are fingers under the divot of his chin, and he realizes he’s being asked to raise his head. To look into the man’s face. To meet the man’s gaze. So, with agonizing slowness, he does.
That was two days ago—apparently enough time for him to go from sleeping in the Impala to get away from us to trying to get me to sing along to Eye of the Tiger as he belted his own off-key rendition at the top of his lungs
“Oh, yeah, getting in the Red Hood suit took like two hours,” he said at last, in support of her point. But, over in his silent conversation with Cas, he couldn’t help but notice that the other man seemed pleased.
Dean sighed, bending his head towards his hands where they rested on the cool granite. “So, maybe—for a
“So, the theme is ‘movies where the U.S. government spends a shit ton of money trying to find Matt Damon.”
“Fine, Dean, be like that,” Sam says, throwing his hands up in exasperation. “God forbid I want the best for you.”
“It might have been a bit, um…presumptuous to bring Jack, you’re right. But I knew he’d been up for almost three days worrying about you and as someone whose Dad used to disappear a lot as a kid, I knew that telling him you were OK wouldn’t help nearly as much as seeing it and—” And now he’s comparing Cas to his deadbeat dad. This is going well.
“It was a beautiful sentiment, Sam,” Cas inserts, diplomatically. “And I think Dean and I would both agree that you’ve done nothing that requires forgiveness.”
“I suppose if it does as well as anticipated, and I gain some name recognition, they’ll rope me into a tour.” He sighed, “I’m also supposed to have a talk with someone later this week about the branding for my social media pages. I’ve never had an online presence before—but I’m told it’s necessary.”
“Crap,” Dean declared the next morning—if 4 AM could even be called that—pulling back Cas’s curtains by an inch. Sure enough, there were several paparazzi hanging out by the stoop, leaning against the low concrete stairs in the predawn light. As the two of them watched, even more of a crowd started to gather—random people off the street wanting to know what all the fuss was about. “Shit,” Dean cursed more. “I shouldn’t have come here.”
Dean notices, of course—his sudden alertness like pins and needles that Castiel could do without. However, Dean has a much tighter rein on his outward appearance than his inner one. “Morning, Sunshine,” he calls out, casually, as Castiel pushes up with both his hands to get into a proper seating position. “Did you enjoy your beauty rest?”
Unbidden, a picture comes to his mind of him and Cas versus Sam and Eileen playing Pictionary someday. He and Cas would lose because Cas “didn’t understand that reference.” Meanwhile, Sam would be trying to convince the room that kale chips were just as good as potato chips until Dean decided to throw one at his head and—
“Hey, Cas, if there’s something you’re not ready to share, you don’t have to,” Sam responded. He said it as if he meant it—but also like he
“I have somewhat of a fondness for them,” Cas argued. “But yes, I suppose I would choose butterflies. They’re pollinators, like bees.”
And it seemed like he wasn’t going to get a reprieve either, because as soon as he took his first bite, Lisa Braeden was by his side, wearing the gentle smile that he realized was her default expression. Ever since he had been told by Gabriel that he had “the bitchiest of resting bitch faces,” he’d been a bit jealous of anyone who seemed naturally friendly, approachable.
misinterpret what I say or are you genuinely that pessimistic?” he demands. Then a hand is on Dean’s chin, tilting his head forward. “Dean, look at me.”
The general gist seemed to be that while everyone can conjure up fantastical elements in their dreams, the more detailed the image, the more likely it is to be based on something the person knows explicitly. A blurry vampire was probably just an idea; a dark-haired, blue-eyed vampire with a Cajun accent and a fisherman’s cap was more likely an interpretation of somebody specific.
Gabriel had arrived in the city two days ago and had, for the most part, been a useful distraction from his growing nerves. But this morning, he’d said Castiel’s pacing was making him antsy and left, mumbling something about finding a drug dealer to take the edge off. He was joking, Cas thought. Hoped.
“Hmmm… Well, as good-looking as you are, you don’t strike me as an aspiring performer—so…” Mick took the liberty of pushing the quarter he’d been holding into the slot in the pinball machine. The image on the back panel lit up, and there was a rush of different sounds—bells, whistles, something like a zoink. He indicated to Castiel to grab the knob again, which he did, and a ball came flying out of one of the side aisles to bounce between different targets. “What brought you West?”
Sam put his hands up in surrender. “Fine, fine. If you want to pretend this is all perfectly normal, I won’t say anything else—”
“Oh, I….” He scans me curiously and maybe I’m still in shock or something because it doesn’t freak me out like it probably should now that I know what some of those looks mean. “I’d appreciate that,” Cas murmurs softly before walking side-by-side with me to the kitchen.
Sam sighs. “It was worth a try. I’m gonna go change,” he says, before proceeding to jog back to his room.
“When the sounds of video games didn’t start up the second we left? ‘Course I knew,” Dean insisted, walking around Cas to sit on the steps of the trailer. “But I also figured he’d overhear you being all concerned about him and that couldn’t hurt, either.”
Castiel clicked through to the next page of listings, where a picture of a glossy kitchen that he would never use came with a price tag that was far above his pay grade. “I’m not going to tell you.”
“He’s—the kid she’s talking about—is Samandriel. He produces these… They’re like radio waves that are only audible inside someone’s head—but when he’s upset, the frequency can be… damaging. If you can wrap your head in metal, the waves bounce off. Or you could wrap
Still maintaining eye contact, he reached up slightly over Cas’s head, plucking a dark blue bottle called “Storm Surge” from a line of almost identical plastic containers. He popped the lid with his thumb.
“Well,” she fusses, smoothing out the collar of my shirt. “You’ll have to tell me all about it once we get you home.”
“That wasn’t just a surface mark…It was on every layer of you, down to your soul, put there as I was rebuilding you from molecules. I would have to take you apart to put you back together again—which is something I don’t have the power for without the support of Heaven….Nor is it something that I…I’m not sure I
Dean nodded like it was the answer he was expecting. “But you don’t want to do any digging on your own…?” he questioned—then immediately held his hands up. “Just to be clear—I’m asking, not judging.”
Last year, Vince Vincente broke his penis while sleeping with his wife’s stunt double. - Vince Vincente was the name of the rocker Lucifer used for a vessel in S12.
“It’s a means of connecting to your family,” Castiel thought out-loud, unable to picture talking to his mother about something so… personal as the kind of music they liked. Speaking of... “You can tell me when I’m overstepping,” he informed Dean’s sun-and-shadow profile. “I won’t get offended.”
Charlie gives him the rundown quickly. “Right now, I’m checking his Amazon delivery history to see if that might give us a clue where he is keeping Cas. But he’s only had things sent to his house or his mother’s and we already have agents in both those locations.”
“I don’t think she would have minded if I pursued law or accounting—something she deems ‘important’,” he admitted after a pause. “That’s not to say that she discredits the value of the written word—she does
. This is about Cas’s book stuff, not what we get up to in the bedroom.” Unspoken was the fact that authors weren’t usually considered high-profile enough to get on this show at all—that it was Cas’s involvement with Dean that had made the public eager for whatever personal details they could get.
“Hey, Cas, be the tie-breaker. Can Jack have M&Ms in the popcorn or not?” Dean unconsciously stretches his arm across the couch back so that it hovers above the ex-angel’s shoulders.
Because the dark from behind his closed eyelids is deepening, becoming slow and smooth and almost soft.
“OK, a metaphor was probably not the way to go here. I just…if I leave out some of the books for you and sticky note a few pages, will you read them?”
“How much do you think Crowley weighs?” Gabe asked, before swatting the question away like it was a fly. “Doesn’t matter. According to
It didn’t even ring once before the call was picked up. “Castiel, my fine feathered author,” the person on the end of the line exclaimed, voice curling luxuriously like smoke. “I’ve been meaning to check in on you.”
glad when he has a good time. It just turns out…” He pulled his hands away from the mug to fist them against his jeans. “I can feel more than one thing at a time…. Sometimes, without even realizing I’m doing it.” He glanced from the table up to her face. And waited for her to get it.
messed up, Kid—you’re not immune,” Older Dean explained the next morning. “So, when it’s your turn to go through all this crap, realize that picking fights with Sam—instead of being there for him—just causes everything to get fucked up ten times worse.”
“Sorry about tonight,” Dean admits at last, with a half-smile that reminds me of the half-moon overhead.
“Well,” Dean shrugged, “Feelings mutual.” He brushed crumbs from his hands, “So… what? You’re gonna call her more or whatever?”
was the one who started shit when he stole pictures off your phone and sold them to the press—not you. Second, my business is going to be perfectly fine. If you think this is the first time that I’ve bribed inspectors with a free weekend stay in the penthouse sweet and some house credit, I’ve got some news to break to you.”
The crystal rolls out of Dean’s hand onto the floor, but it takes me a second to notice—I’m still seeing the sun of that memory behind my closed eyelids.
“Didn’t mean to send you into an existential crisis there, Clarence,” Meg interrupted his train of thought. And yet, she was still staring at her ‘artwork’ as if she wasn’t paying any attention to him at all.
punch you so I’m calling it a day,” she declared, ignoring the fact that it was precisely the time that practice was supposed to end. “Remember, ice, then heat for anything sore. And Winchester?” Dean looked up from where he stood, hands on his knees, catching his breath. His AC/DC t-shirt clung to the small of his back with sweat. “If you need something for your wounded pride, I got some pink floral band-aids just for you.” With that, she threw a towel over her shoulder, heading for a back door.
“There’s t-shirts for sale in the store. I suppose I can go grab one of those,” Cas strategized, already heading in that direction.
“Wait up,” Meg exclaims, lifting her head off of Castiel’s lap suddenly. “Didn’t you say your boyfriend’s name is Dean too?”
He walks through to the kitchen, where a kettle waits on one of the burners. Dean’s foot slips slightly on a patch of mud. When he gets his balance back, he finds himself blinking at a kitten-themed wall calendar that’s still on last month.
Dean knows the second Cas enters the kitchen, even with his back turned. Which is impressive considering the angel is a sneaky little dude with or without wings. He’s just about to congratulate himself on not getting startled for once when Cas is suddenly directly behind him, leaning over his shoulder to take a look at what he’s making. “Dude, I’m pretty sure there’s a better viewing area, like two feet that way.”
“There are also scientific reasons for that. Everyone’s taste buds are configured uniquely, which alters the perception of flavors. Your taste buds were, to some extent, preprogrammed to like pie. Does that mean you won’t let yourself enjoy it?
“True,” Sam says, with a tight smile, turning to put his stuff away in the mirrored cabinet above the sink. Dean waits with his back to the wall, preferring to do his business without an audience. However, when Sam turns back around, he can sense him stalling.
Dean’s frown was instant. “Because he’s my brother…?” he spoke slowly as if Cas might have forgotten a few IQ points at home.
A date appeared on the screen. Simple black text on a white background. And yet, he could feel his back molars grinding together in disbelief.
She was in her 40s, dressed in a slate grey pantsuit, her hair a few shades lighter than Castiel’s and tucked up into a severe bun. He couldn’t see her eyes from here, but he knew they were a familiar blue.
“Let me guess, he suddenly found out he’d made a very large donation to the Trevor Project without realizing it.”
He holds his hand up against Dean’s automatic protests. “He gets to you, Brother,” Benny says, flatly. “And he
Figuring that he needed a break, he slowly stood up to pace in circles around his apartment a few times. When that didn’t seem sufficient to get the sudden energy out of his arms and legs, he glanced outside the window.
“It’s supposed to be festive, which you were all for yesterday,” Sam pointed out. “Besides, that’s not what I’m talking about. Every time Cas says something to you, you look like you’re gonna bite his head off.”
Dean clenches his jaw. “How do you know that anyway?” he questions at last, the car racing to catch up with the glow of the headlights on the road and never succeeding.
“Oh,” Cas responds, ducking his head. “I thought it might help you be at ease with…everything…if I gave you some personal space.”
And yet, despite being sure that he was never going to be able to take a shit again with how clenched this whole situation with Cas made him, he finds himself relaxing without his permission after an hour of nothing catastrophic happening. Sure, the questions have been uncomfortable—
“She doesn’t have special abilities, if that’s what you’re asking,” Hannah murmurs, still sounding unconcerned.
Benny snorted. “Strange way to describe someone almost six feet tall. But I clearly don’t see him the way you do…”
“This is my assistant, Hannah,” Balthazar explained as he walked, nodding his head in the direction of a pretty, brunette woman. “If I’m unavailable, she can help answer any questions you might have. Including telling you who everyone is since I’ve been told addressing people as ‘you there’ is impolite.”
“First off, that’s not what that song is about. And second, I’ll throw you a Pride parade tomorrow.”
Mo called out for everyone to be quiet once more, and the room obeyed so instantly, it was almost scary to Castiel.
“I was proving a theory,” Castiel tried next. “Charlie once told us that our soulmate connection was strengthened by our bond. Our
“I guess I… miss Dean. Before, when we were just friends, it seemed easier to spend time with him. The movie wasn’t actively shooting, for one—but we also… It’s
be scared that he’s been found—should be trying to get away—but he’s so incredibly tired and the hands that are on his face are so incredibly
“Right, right. Sorry. I should—let you get back to that,” the younger Winchester said, though it was clear he was still burning with curiosity.
to be a dick exactly, but you also think I’m—naïve or stupid or somehow less than—because I don’t want to fall into bed with every girl I meet. I get it, OK? You and Lisa started as a one-night stand, and if that works for you, great. But I’m
“I don’t have any things with me,” Castiel argued. Well, except for his laptop, which he brought along with him in a messenger bag like always. “I’m sure I can find a hotel closer to the center of town—at least, that way I can purchase some clothes and—toothpaste.”
he states and if it were under different circumstances, he might have even rolled his eyes. “He’s your brother. You’ve known me for less than ten minutes.”
“Here’s all I got on Tyson Brady,” the computer tech says from the other end of the line. “Originally born Tyson Zazael, his mother went back to her maiden name when he was two and changed his at the same time. There’s not really much information from when he was a minor, but he presumably got good grades because he got into Stanford where…oh….”
he keeps in that drawer and—“Gotta go, Sammy!”—if he doesn’t get there quick, Cas is probably gonna have a whole lot more questions for that list.
To be fair, the protagonist of his book, Michael, was similar to Dean in a lot of ways. Smart, brave, cocksure when threatened. And, Castiel could admit, he’d found himself writing Michael as even more Dean-like in his
It takes Dean’s brain a second to catch up to the conversation, but when he does, he chokes on his food--“Wait, wait, wait,” he coughs, making the time-out gesture. “You’re telling me that the stuff you know about your soulmate is—because you’ve seen his dick?”
the character acted that way. And as much as I want to yell at them for being ten kinds of stupid, I can’t.”
sorry,” Sam sighs, running his fingers through his hair. “You shouldn’t have to make yourself uncomfortable just to gather intel. We’ll find another way.”
“By the time I realized that I’d fallen for you a little bit, it almost didn’t matter that you weren’t in love with me, too—because you were
, if people’s soulmates were exactly what they already knew they wanted, why have magical assist at all? The whole
“It’s possible,” Castiel admits, hands sliding into Dean’s jacket pockets like he’s using them as mittens.
“Look,” I say, shaking my head to clear it. “I suppose I’m not in a position to promise anything about how this is going to go. But I’m usually pretty good at placing bets—and I would bet that you and me and other Me are going to work it out no matter what shit comes up. Capiche?”
Castiel snorted. “To put it lightly. But the thing was—I know you don’t know my mother—but she never backs down,
Castiel found himself so shocked by the words coming out of Dean’s mouth—and the out-of-place joking tone of them—that his head snapped back up at just the same time as Ben’s hand came forward again. And while the kid had been doing a good job of gentling all his hits at the last second,
