“Hey Dean,” Jess smiled over at Dean, wrapping her arms around Sam. Dean liked Jess, she was sweet and really cared about Sam. Even now in his drunken state, Dean could see the love that she had for him radiating off of her. He used to get that look from Lisa and hoped that people noticed him giving it back. He was so happy his brother got to have that kind of love.
“You can’t say stuff like that man,” Castiel shakes his head at his best friend and co-host. “If you can’t prove it …”
But people got better. Aside from himself and Marvin, no one had ever been here more than a couple of months. They came, got treatment, got better and went home. Marvin was batshit crazy and Dean never spoke. They weren't going anywhere anytime soon.
Dean began to look to Cas, see how he was doing, when Cas moved forward and took Dean’s cock back into his mouth. He was not slow about. He did not take his time, waiting for Dean to mimic his action. He sucked Dean’s cock like his life depended on it, pushing Dean immediately over the edge.
Once again they both hiccup, this time in unison. This causes a roar of laughter to fill the studio. Castiel shakes his head at them as he removes his glasses. Maybe if he can’t see, none of this will be real.
Dean was not ready to leave Cas yet but it was getting late and he needed to work in the morning. He tried to come up with a good exit strategy but it came and went and soon, it was three in the morning and they were sitting in baby, talking about everything they could come up with. They talked about memories from their childhood and their young adult lives. This soon turned into conversations about love and what all of this meant for them. Dean was not sure what to think, he just hoped that Castiel had some idea.
“Drink some water,” Dean finally speaks, pointing to Castiel’s water cup as he grabs for his own, “to keep it down.”
Dean watched until Castiel was completely inside his home before driving off. Part of him wanted to head to his mothers to pick up Ben. Though he would never admit it, he hated when Ben was not home with him. But he knew Ben was excited to be staying with his grandparents, so he left him be. He decided that maybe it was time to call it a night.
“I am a teacher here,” He answered, almost not wanting to admit it. Teachers were not really supposed to party with their students but here he was. Dean had to look him over a little closer. He did not look like the cool teacher who comes to parties or sleeps with his female students, though Dean knew to never really judge a book by its cover. People had a way of surprising you.
Dean had waited over an hour and there was still no response from Castiel. He tried to tell himself over and over again that this was a mistake. He had not been talking to Cas, it was just a coincidence that Angel had logged out right after Dean had assumed it was him. Cas had been his best friend for twenty years. He would not lie to him or play with his heart that way. It had to be someone else that he knew. Anyone but Cas.
Sorry it took me so long to get this up. Life has bee n kind of hectic for me. But I hope to have the next chapter much sooner.
“Listen, Castiel,” Dean leaned against the side of the car. “I just wanted to apologize again for the other night. I was drunk and the night went horrible and I took it out on the wrong person.”
Dean slams his fist against his chest in a very ape-like manner and Castiel cannot help but admire the man who is sitting beside him about to do this horribly stupid act. At least they are doing this together. They are always doing this together and somehow, that makes it a little easier. He still doesn’t want to do it, but having Dean by his side always helps.
Dean had been his best friend since first grade. At first, things were great. Dean was fun and full of life. He was the happiest kid Castiel had ever met. It had been the first thing that Castiel had noticed about him. But that all changed during the summer between first and second grade. Dean’s mother died. She had a brain aneurysm. It was sudden and unavoidable. Dean had been the one to find her. And even though John Winchester never said it out loud, Dean was certain his father blamed his for his mother’s death. He did not find her quick enough. But even if John did not blame Dean, Castiel knew for certain that Dean blamed himself.
“I think you already know,” Cas finally brought his eyes to meet with Dean’s. They looked as if Cas was about to cry and even though Dean was angry, that was not something he ever wanted. He never wanted to be a reason that his best friend cried.
“We should really be doing this though,” Castiel spoke again before Dean had the chance to answer his earlier question. “I have to get back to Heaven and I would really prefer it if you didn’t die.”
"I have to go eat supper," Castiel informed the fairy. He was still trying to work through this situation. Maybe some time away from it would clear his head. "I will bring you back some food."
There was an even longer pause and Dean was worried that this was not going to end well. Why was it so hard for her to tell him?
“Oh, Dean.” Cas stood up and made his way over to Dean. He wrapped his arms around Dean's waist and when Dean relaxed, Cas pulled him in. “I didn't know. I am so sorry. I will go tell them that you are my boyfriend.”
“So, because I teach other religions, my family does not really agree with my life.” He frowned into his beer. “I still go home occasionally to visit and my parents call every now and again but we are not nearly as close as we used to be.”
The crew and Castiel both laugh as Castiel looks over to Dean who is obviously not enjoying Castiel’s assessment of the peppers. Never in his life has he been so angry at the fact, that even though he was only about an inch taller, he constantly went out of his way to let everyone know that he was in fact bigger than Castiel. It was all coming back to bite him in the ass now.
Castiel crawled out of bed and made his way across his room, quickly pulling the window open so Dean could crawl in. He then made his way over to his dresser and grabbed the towel and change of clothes that he had prepared. Dean took them from him and silently stripped off his clothes, dried off the best he could and changed. Once Dean was situated, the made their way over to Castiel’s bed and climbed in, not a single word exchanged between the two of them.
“You don’t really have to tell me if you don’t want to,” Dean let Castiel off the hook. “We could just play some more pool if you would rather.”
“Here, I’ll make it easier for you,” Dean said as he stood up and began to pull his chair to Castiel’s side of the table. “Castiel Novak?”
“Yeah," Castiel laughs but there is a hint of hurt in his voice. “Sleeping with someone who looks like me would really suck, I’m sure.”
“I hate to admit to you,” Castiel looked over all the parts of the car that Dean was showing off proudly. “I don’t really know anything about cars. I don’t even drive the one I have very often.”
“Breakfast Cas,” Dean laughs. “Pretend these last few minutes didn’t happen so we can do this right.”
“I promise,” Dean couldn’t help but respond. “I promise I will never say another negative thing, on purpose, about myself.”
Dean texted Castiel before plugging his phone in and turning out the light. His phone buzzed shortly after but he did not check it. He would check it in the morning.
“I am glad you asked,” Castiel was smiling from ear to ear but Dean knew him better than that. He was bouncing around on the balls of his feet and fidgeting with his fingers. Cas was scared if Dean had ever seen it before.
[555-4033 | You] So, if when we are lying in our tent. I start kissing you and running my hands over your body. You are gonna tell me to stop?
“Never,” Dean answered, his hands reaching down. He needed to cum, this was too much. But Castiel slammed into him before leaning down and pushing Dean’s hand away from his cock.
Castiel arrived shortly after seven and Dean quickly offered him a beer. He had made sure to supply this evening with beer because he refused to learn that beer and his feelings really did not go that well together. After handing Castiel a beer, he led him out onto the back patio where he was cooking up the steaks on the grill. Ben was already outside, lost in the video game he was playing on his phone.
Dean pulled them away from the Impala and pressed Castiel’s back up against his work station. It was cleared off at the moment because all of his tools were moved over to the Impala. It seemed like a much better place to be doing this kind of thing. He knew his bed would be the best place but the garage was the safest place to not get caught or walked in on.
“Dean,” Castiel reached out and grabbed the sides of Dean’s arms to steady him. Dean struggled to fight him for a moment but then gave up. “You need to calm down.”
“A year ago my wife and I divorced.” Castiel’s face hung low, a subject that was obviously hard on him. “I needed to get away and a friend told me that they were looking for a religion teacher here. I applied and here I am.”
“Yeah, well,” Castiel laughed and took a drink of his beer, or at least Dean assumed it was beer. Dean could see that he was uncomfortable and that was Dean’s fault. He should have kept his mouth shut but then again, he never really was good at that. “I lost a bet.”
Once the introductions were completed, Dean went back to cooking up the steaks. He then went into the house to grab the potato salad and green beans. Dean loved to cook and would usually make whatever was being eaten at a BBQ. However, this was unplanned and he had no time to prep, so it was store bought everything for the evening. Castiel did not seem to mind.
Dean spent the next few hours talking about the world his brain had conjured up when he was in his coma. He had to take many breaks giving his voice time to rest when it became overly raspy and broken. He didn't leave out any detail, including the parts that involved Castiel. He knew it would be risky but Dean felt like he had lost his entire life twice and holding things in didn't feel right anymore. What was the point in lying when he could lose his life again at any moment.
Dean brought his hand up to Castiel’s cheek and stroked his thumb across a tear that had formed beneath Cas’ eye. He hated when Castiel cried, more so when he caused it, but this tear was different; this tear was happy. Dean was happy and Cas was happy and fuck … their erections were once again pushing against one another.
Then Castiel stood back up, placed his hand on Dean’s chest and pushed. He didn’t push hard but Dean understood what he wanted. So, Dean allowed himself to fall back against the bed, completely naked and hard as fuck, in front of his fully clothed best friend.
He found a nice spot by a stream. There were logs placed nearby. Someone had obviously set this up at one point. Seemed like a good enough place to try and think.
“Warning,” Dean speaks into the camera. “This episode of Good Angelical Morning is probably not safe for work, or for kids. Why? Because today’s episode prominently features fanfiction.”
“I’ll think about it,” Dean promised. “I’ll let you all know in the morning. For now, I just want to get some sleep.”
“I’m already having like a gag reflex,” Dean carries on talking. “Which is weird because it didn’t happen last time.”
“Let’s just put this into perspective, okay?” Dean takes over. “This is, as Cas said, approximately twice as hot. I mean, I am so anxious right now.”
This is when their theme song and opening video would now be played, but that would not be added in until after the episode was shot.
That was not the answer that Dean had expected. He always had to sit outside of the office until his parents came to pick him up.
Dean looked over the message that appeared on his screen. He would do anything for Cas, and Cas knew this. That is what scared him. Normally, Cas would just ask something of him. He had never come about it this way.
Dean turned and nearly fell backward. Sitting at a table was Sam, eating what appeared to be a bowl of oatmeal, and Castiel, nursing a cup of coffee, looking like he had not slept in forever.
Castiel continued up, stopping at his thighs and quickly moving up to Dean’s stomach. This left Dean feeling both insanely turned on but also completely frustrated. His cock was harder than it had ever been and it was the only part of Dean’s body that was not getting any attention. It was on the verge of pain at this point but Dean was not going to force anything on Castiel.
Cas did not make Dean wait any longer. He pulled away from Dean and sucked the tip of Dean’s cock into his mouth. Dean rewarded him with a guttural groan, trying hard to not lose it right then and there. He was not going to be that guy but god, Cas was amazing.
Dean fought the thoughts in his mind and allowed himself to focus only on Bella. There was a hot girl on his lap kissing him, she deserved his full attention. Soon Dean was for sure kissing her back and she moaned into his mouth when she felt him finally join her.
“That is not saying that I just want a fling or some short ‘maybe I am gay, let’s see’ romance.” Dean made sure to use Cas’ famous air quotes while talking. “It just means that I am willing to try but I can’t promise that it will be happily ever after for us.”
“How,” Castiel spoke the words slowly, as he pulled all the way out and then slowly pushed the entire length of his cock back into Dean, “do we … handle our anger?”
Trinity Falls was a small town. How they had two law firms was beyond Dean’s comprehension. Sam said that just because the offices were located here didn’t mean that their clientele was limited to the town alone. Being located an hour outside of a major city meant that there were always people looking for lawyers. Something about a small-town lawyer comforted people. Maybe they felt like they were not going to be ripped off by someone who was just trying to make a buck. Sam was better than that, but he had to admit, the money his brother was making blew his mind sometimes.
"What do I call you?" Castiel turned to look at the tiny man. "Are you able to communicate with me?"
“What’s his name?” Ellen continued on with the questioning. One would think that she was grilling him for information if they didn’t know her, but that was just the way Ellen was. She liked to know the people that were in the lives of those she cared about. When it came to family protectors, she was right up on top.
“Why would you do that to me?” Dean felt the anger building back inside of him. Castiel was his best friend and he had played him. Who did that to their best friend?
“Okay,” Dean heard Cas’ response but he did not stick around long enough to endure any further questioning. He had a problem in his pants and he needed to take care of it.
“Dean,” Castiel leaned against the car with him. “I told you that it was okay. It happens. You do not have to apologize to me anymore. And please call me Cas, only my mother calls me Castiel.”
“You didn’t show up,” Dean turned around and stood right in front of Castiel. Here was at the part where all the stupid stuff was going to come up and he was going to have a day or longer of regret ahead of him. “The only reason I went to that damn party was because you said you were going to be there.”
“Now, whoever loses,” Dean takes over. “And this is pretty serious, because, whoever loses has to enthusiastically tweet out a piece of fanfiction hand-picked by an Angelical crew member, from their own personal Twitter account.”
Dean paced back and forth across Cas’ living room. His mind was going a million miles an hour and as much as he wanted to run out the front door, he couldn’t. Sure, Cas had lied to him, his best friend, flat out lied to him, but it was still Cas. No matter how badly he had messed up, Cas was his best friend, his family and Dean knew that he had never meant to hurt him, even with the stupid choices that he made.
“Sam?” Dean looked over at his brother, looking much older than he should be and more worn down. He then looked over at Cas, who looked less than put together. “Cas?”
Once he was done eating, Castiel knew that it was time. The nerves in his stomach were turning and he felt that he may be sick. He knew, almost for certain, that he was not going to be murdered, but the whole thing still seemed a little strange to him. Was the fairy going to enter his mind? How much of what was inside of Castiel’s head could he see? Probably all of it, considering he had already proved that the had the ability to read his thoughts. But what about the things that were buried deeper? Could he see it all?
By the time they made it back to the campsite,  everyone was gathered around the fire, drinking and laughing. Dean felt better about all of this. He knew that Castiel's reasons for not telling people was valid and it was not meant to hurt him.
Dean ate his dinner, the whole time looking over at the bed across from him. It reminded him of home. His little brother and he used to share a room, their beds about the same distance as the beds in this room. Dean remembered hating having to share a room with his little brother. But now, he would give anything to have Sam sleeping across from him, asking him stupid questions when all Dean wanted to do was sleep.
“Hey Cas,” Ruby finally stopped talking long enough to notice that Castiel was outside near them. She seemed slightly annoyed by his presence, which was stupid, considering there were about fifteen other people outside within close proximity to them. “Can we help you with something?”
"Dean?" He questioned Dean being at his door with concern written all over his face. "What happened?"
“Cas?” Dean turned to look at his husband when he pulled into the small ice cream shop they usually came to on Claire’s birthday … and Dean’s. But he would never admit that getting the ice cream was always his favorite part of the day. “What are you doing?”
It was not that Dean didn't want to talk to Castiel or that he no longer wanted to be friends with him, he was just trying to figure out what to say. How could he possibly salvage this friendship? Every time he thought it over, he came up with nothing. He would text him back later. Though he had told himself that yesterday as well and it never happened.
Dean and Castiel made small talk over dinner and had a few more beers. Ben joined in occasionally but most of the time he just sat quietly. At ten, Ben’s favorite show came on and so they moved into the living room for a while to watch it. Castiel tried to be as interested as he could but Dean could tell that it was not really his thing. Dean liked the show but since he was not much of a show watcher, he could understand how Castiel could be uninterested.
Castiel waited for Dean to get settled and then moved to spoon Dean from behind. Dean lifted his head so Castiel could put one arm under his neck, while his other hand wrapped around his waist, tightening to hold him as close to him as he could. Then Dean cried. He always cried. Stray tears streaked Castiel’s face as well but he tried to hold it together. It was not his time to cry. It was Dean’s. So, he held Dean and let him cry until he fell asleep wrapped in Castiel’s arms.
“Barely,” Cas laughed. “We are school friends. If Balthazar was really my friend, none of this would have happened.”
“Perfect,” Castiel whispered as he leaned back down and kissed the tip of Dean’s cock. He then sat himself up and crawled the rest of the way up the bed, lying beside Dean.
Dean was not sure how long he had been sitting outside but it had grown dark hours ago. He knew that Castiel was behind him and had been for some time. He appreciated that he was giving him space, so to speak, but he also wished he would come to talk to him. He had stormed out and felt justified, but he did not know how to go back from that. This was an area where Dean had no idea what to do. Sure, Castiel said some crazy things, but he was trying to make Dean feel better. That is what you did for the people you loved, right?
“I am going to give you something that you need,” Castiel said, not even explaining anything in the box.
They had just finished up a hunt which left Dean bloody and he was fairly certain that his ribs were broken. But he was not going to call Cas. The angel was busy with his own things; things that were more important than Dean. He was not going to pull him away from his battle with heaven so he could heal a few bumps and bruises. Dean had been here many times before. He would take it easy, try not to fight as much on hunts and let his body heal. It took longer these days, and only seemed to get longer the older he got. But even still, he would heal on his own time. He did not need to get anyone involved.
“Okay,” Castiel says as the cartoon fades and you are back in the studio watching the boys yet again. “The past couple of weeks the Angelical crew has been getting paid to find fanfiction about us. Now, it is time for us to read it.”
“Lovely,” Dean mumbles, which is barely audible to the camera but Castiel can hear it loud and clear. But that does not stop him from continuing his part of the script.
Dean wondered what having Cas blow him would be like. Would Cas look at him while he did it? His bright blue eyes looking directly into Dean’s soul as he took him all the way down his throat. It wasn’t like angel’s had to breathe. Cas would be able to take all of him without a struggle. His lips wet with saliva, dripping down Dean’s cock as he pulled away slightly before pushing back down until Dean’s cock disappeared completely. Would Cas moan around his cock? Would he let his teeth slightly graze the sides, pulling Dean right up to the edge? Would he take Dean’s balls into his hand and rub them.
Metallicar used to be a thriving, beautiful place. Located in the upper west corner of the Land of Lazarus, it was blessed to be rich in resources. That is where their Kingdom played a part in the world. If there was something that you needed, from the freshest fish to the sturdiest trees, Metallicar is where you would travel to find it. They were the head of the trade.
It got quiet again, but not because Dean did not know what to say. This time, it was because he had so much to say but he did not understand it enough to put it into words. How long had he been in love with Cas? Why did no one tell him about this sooner? Maybe they could have avoided this entire situation. Though part of Dean felt that they would still be here, in the same situation. Telling Dean something didn’t change much; he had to experience things to believe in them.
When Dean’s front door opened, he nearly jumped out of his skin. His heart was racing. He knew what he was getting himself into but did he really know? He had never been with another man. He didn’t know how all of this worked. Would they even get to the sex part tonight? They didn’t have to have sex, that was not a requirement. Cas would not think differently of him if he didn’t want to have sex with him, would he? Of course not, this was Cas.
“You don’t have to leave,” Dean said as he shuffled on his feet. “I can go. It really isn’t that important.”
“This is not okay,” Meg’s voice dropped. “Best friends don’t just sleep with each other. You know this isn’t right.”
“I am now,” He turned his answer into more of a flirt. He didn’t want to complain to her. If he ended up hooking up with Bella it would be far from the end of the world. She was for the most part, his type and she was wearing a short jean skirt and a plaid button up. Dean had to admit, it was kind of hot.
Dean pulled his mouth off of Cas’ cock but quickly placed his hand around it. He stroked at Cas’ cock while his other hand lightly squeezed at his balls. Cas cried out Dean’s name again before coming all over Dean’s hand. Dean wished he could have let Cas come in his mouth, but he was not sure he was ready for that. He had never had anyone’s cum in his mouth, not even his own.
“Curl up in your favorite reading corner and prepare for the awkward,” Castiel laughs, leaning in toward the camera with his own upbeat smile and persona. “Our twisted crew has created a game for us today that involves us reading fanfiction about ourselves. Out loud. For all the internet to see.”
“I have an idea for our Christmas Eve gift exchange,” Dean mumbles against Cas’s back while they are curled up in bed.
“Do we call each other boyfriends?” Dean gave Cas a small smile, trying to remove whatever fear he was currently feeling. The smile that spread across Cas’ face proved Dean’s success. “Or are we just dating and we will talk more about that later? Are we dating?”
“Oh,” Cas looked around the group of people. “Let me introduce you to everyone. This is Balthazar. Over here we have Meg and Ruby. And this is Kevin.”
Then it all clicked. Dean had ordered Castiel’s drink order because he knew that it was him who was going to show up; if he’d decided to show up. Dean had known that it was him. But how? Was it from the texts that Castiel sent him last night about his dilemma? Had he known for longer? Why wasn’t he angrier that Castiel was sitting in front of him and not Jimmy?
What had Castiel meant when he told Dean to come back to him? That he was almost there? Normally, words like that would not bother him but with the vision he had during their intimate moments together, his stomach had been turning and his mind, along with his heart, felt like there was something more to it. Why had he seen the barn dream at that exact time? It did not make any sense.
“Pretty much,” she laughed back, though she wished she was somewhere else completely. There was a time that she wanted to help Dean move on but then she grew to like him and now she wished it was anyone but him.
Dean ran his fingers along her back, moving away from her lips and kissing along her jaw line and down to her neck. She leaned her head back to give him better access and he nibbled down to her collar bone. She pushed into his hips with her own and Dean could feel himself getting excited. It was a feeling that he had missed.
Bobby Singer and Ellen Singer had known his parents since before he was born. They were his second family. When he was a child, if he was not at his house, he was at the Singer’s. However, recently he had to start thinking of them a little differently, since his little brother Adam was now dating Jo, Bobby and Ellen’s youngest child. But since family doesn’t end with blood, that is exactly what they were going to remain to him.
But he was wrong. The fruit was only the first. He continued through the rest, only taking small bites. But to him, they were probably giant. Castiel had probably brought the thing enough food to feed a dozen fairies.
“Ben,” Dean yelled as he stepped into the bathroom and walked over to the shower. He called out for Ben one more time before turning on the shower and beginning to strip out of his t-shirt and boxers.
“No,” Principal Shurley quickly worked to reassure them. “We talked with them and they understand that the kids argued and since he was fine, they have decided to leave it be for now.”
Castiel continued moving his hands up, over Dean’s ass until they reached his lower back. He then slipped his fingers into the back of Dean’s boxers and slowly pulled them down, passed his knees and to his ankles. Dean stepped out of them before Castiel grabbed them and tossed them in the direction of the rest of his clothes.
The studio goes silent as the cameras facing Dean and Cas turn on. Once the green light flashes on the screen, the show begins.
“I apologize.” Castiel stepped forward and placed his hand on her shoulder. “I will be quick. I only wish a few moments of normality.”
“You can-” Dean begins but stops to swallow. “I’m gonna try to do this. Okay, You know what time it is?”
Dean kicked off his shoes and headed back toward their room where Castiel was sitting in his chair and reading a book. He looked up as Dean walked into the room and his eyes grew wide when he noticed the flowers. That made Dean hopeful. He was glad he could still surprise him after ten years of being together.
“Listen.” Dean reaches over and places his hand on Castiel’s shoulder. “Let’s just act like what we just did is something … you know what? We - this is - we proved our manhood. We were boys.”
“Was just getting some air,” he choked out, his face turning slightly red. He turned his face away from Dean and Ruby, obviously aware that his face showed his embarrassment.  “I was not trying to interrupt anything.”
“Of course not.” Castiel shook his head. He looked more confused than ever. “It’s a '78 Lincoln Continental Mark V.”
“I am sure he already knows,” Dean reached out and tapped her hand. She smiled at him before heading across the bar to help another customer. Now all he had to do was wait.
“Um,” Dean pulled away from her and tried to regain himself. He did not want to hurt her but he did not want to do this. He had to get out of here. He should have left when he realized that Castiel was not coming. He shouldn’t have come to begin with.  “I need to go.”
“Sorry,” Dean’s unmistakable voice came through the other end of the line. “I didn’t mean to wake you.”
Dean and Castiel check their gloves and pull the two peppers, that have been laid onto a napkin, between them. Neither man looks ready to eat the deadly looking ball of fire before them, but they know that if they don’t do it now, they are going to have to re-shoot this episode later. They already agreed to it in a stupid meeting months ago.
“So, while I am not angry about what you did. I would like it if we could find better ways than pushing people off of toys to express our anger. Do you think we can do that?”
Of course, Castiel knew the principal’s name. Dean didn’t even know it. He was fairly certain that her teacher’s name was Mrs. Hanscum, but he couldn’t be completely certain, it was possible that was her teacher’s name last year or the year before. Castiel usually handled the school stuff for their daughter. Dean was great at being a father, he knew this about himself, but when it came to school or doctors appointments, he always got a little flustered. Luckily, for him, Castiel did great in those areas and had no problem picking up the slack. Dean stepped up in other ways. He fixed things around the house, took care of the yard, fixed their cars when they weren’t running properly, and fought away the monsters in the closet when Claire couldn’t sleep at night. They were both great but in different ways. But he still should have known the principal’s name.
The fairy climbed into his hand, slowly, dragging its legs. Castiel's heart sunk at the shape he was in. If he accomplished nothing else out of this, getting the fairy well enough to leave on his own would be good enough for him.
“I suppose,” Castiel agreed. Dean could feel the bed shift as he spoke and soon Castiel was leaning over him, his mouth right at Dean’s ear, the hotness of his breath causing goosebumps to scatter across Dean’s arm. “Though, I would love to see if I could get you to cum, with nothing more than my voice. But I will save that for next time.”
Dean walked over to the keg, grabbed himself a red solo cup and filled it to the brim. If he was going to be here, he was going to be drunk. Maybe if he put more alcohol in his system than he did the last time, he would be able to let go and have a better time. Lack of alcohol could really ruin a good time when you are surrounded by drunk people. Live by the rule: If you can’t beat them, join them. That is exactly what he was going to do.
“Okay,” Castiel sits up straight in his chair as he begins to speak again. “Charlie, can you please tell us about our first fictional work?”
He didn’t know what to do and he couldn’t turn to the one person he would normally turn to during his time of need. Or maybe he could. Reaching for his phone, Castiel made one of the stupidest decisions he’d ever made. He texted Dean.
“That’s okay,” Dean leaned in and kissed his again, his hand speeding up as their lips met. “I’ve got you, baby.”
“You always learn so well,” Castiel leaned over and whispered into Dean’s ear before kissing at the skin behind it. “My best student.”
“Dean,” Castiel tilted his head to the side, trying to make sense of what Dean was saying. “Sam is gone; he is not anywhere that I will be looking.”
"I just passed out," Dean struggled to speak. His voice was raspy and dry. It felt like he hadn't spoken out loud in a very long time. Maybe it was due to him being sick.
Castiel grabs the trash bin that is always sitting beside him. They each have their own specialized trash can with pictures of their faces on them. “Oh gosh, guys,” he cries out again before dry heaving into the bin. Nothing comes up. “Nothing came up.”
“It is what I want. God, it is completely what I want.” Castiel let go of Dean and stepped a few feet away from him. Dean was not really worried before but he was worried now. “But I don’t want this if you don’t want it too. And right now, you look pretty damn terrified.”
[angelofthursday] Oh yes. I spend most of my time alone in my house, in nothing but my robe, drinking ungodly amounts of coffee.
Maybe that was why he could not hold down a relationship with anyone. He had dated here and there but with his mouth, it was hard to get someone to stick around. Not to mention that the options in his town were few and far between. He had known most of them since he was just a kid and that meant that they knew him as well. He has cleaned up his act over the years, but Dean was by far no one’s favorite person in the world. The only one truly interested in him was Lisa, the girl who moved here five years ago to take care of her aunt. She didn’t know any better and even though Dean was sure he could at least get a good lay out of her, he didn’t want to ruin himself in the eyes of the one person who didn’t see him like everyone else.
“Oh,” Cas’ face feel. Dean did not mean it in a bad way but it kind of hurt that Cas felt he might. Did Cas feel like Dean was going to give himself to Cas and then just walk away from him? Okay, sure, Dean did not have the best track record with relationships, but this was Cas and Cas should know that.
Dean wondered what his family would feel about all of this. Had things been different in life, would they have freaked out if he one day brought a boy home instead of a girl? If he found out what happened to Sam and proved to them that it was not his fault, would they welcome him and his boyfriend into their lives? Dean had not really spoken with his parents much. They stopped visiting when he wasn’t showing any progress and from the way they looked at him, he was sure they did not even want to participate in those visits. He hoped they would take him back. He really missed his mom.
“He hasn’t really been awake much today.” A familiar voice stepped in, startling Castiel a bit. “I think he is trying to save as much energy as he can.”
“Sorry to keep you gentlemen waiting,” a voice came in from behind them. “I had to take care of something in a classroom.”
“What kind of bet would you be making with students?” Dean inquired, wondering if it was something sports wise. Though, Castiel did not look like the type to really be into sports. Maybe something like Soccer, people liked Soccer right?
Dean could hear the deep grown of Castiel’s voice when he read whatever was written to him. He appreciated it, for the most part, because it helped him remember that this username belonged to Cas and not to some chick named Angel. On the other hand, it sucked because it made him miss Cas that much more … and damn it … he had a right to be angry and keep his distance. Two and a half weeks was not long enough to forgive someone for lying to you, for over a year for that matter. But then again, this was Cas and not just some random person.
“I love you man,” Dean gave Castiel a weak smile before turning his head back toward the wall. “I’m ready.”
“You can travel,” Castiel answers, holding his arms out to the side like a bird or a plane. “You can fly.”
“What we are planning to do,” Castiel informs everyone, “which I am seriously questioning is, put this in our mouths, bite it at the stem, chew, chew, chew, swallow, swallow, swallow completely. When it goes into the mouth, the ten-minute timer will start and we are not going to … first of all, drinking water makes it worse, so that ain’t gonna help.”
Dean breathed in heavily and tilted his head back, closing his eyes to take it all in. Suddenly he was no longer in the garage. Everything disappeared and once again he was in the field, the one from the dreams. He was no longer walking towards the barn but running towards it. His body tensed up, scared of the light, it was going to burn.
“Miracles,” Castiel looked back up at her, his blue eyes distant and sad. “There is no one there to make them anymore.”
“Well thank you for the ride,” Castiel reached for the doorknob and pushed the door open. Dean was not ready for him to get out but was not sure how to drag the conversation on any longer. “Saved my legs.”
Fine. Then I don’t want to hang out because I don’t need to surround myself with a negative best friend. How is that for a no?
“Sorry about the wait,” Castiel pulled back the curtain covering where he had set up a place for the fairy. He was lying there, looking up, his hands behind his head. It looked very normal for a creature that was not. “I had to wait for Michael to leave the table before I could start gathering some food for you. I was not sure what you eat, so I brought you a little bit of everything.
Castiel turned to come face to face with Anna, his handmaid. She was more of a friend than anything else. He wished he could call her his friend and that be it but Michael would not allow such things. His Uncle believed in the people within the Kingdom knowing their place and being who they were born to be. He prayed to never see the world as Michael saw it. But, for the time being, Michael was in charge and it was in Castiel's best interest to play nice.
“Now is not the time for the, I love you like family, speech.” Dean groaned. “This is not just something you do for someone you care about.”
Then it went blank. He was not sure how long he had been lying there and if he did not feel so alert, he would have thought maybe he had fallen asleep. He tried to think of anything at all but his mind was black. There was nothing. It was quiet. It was dark. It was amazing.
Dean didn’t pay attention to his phone for the rest of the day. He focused on work and getting home. He was ready for this weekend to take place. Work was never too much for him to handle but he would be lying if he did not admit that by Friday night, he was generally pretty drained.
Dean wanted to answer him but he couldn't. Talking could ruin all of this and he wasn't ready for this moment to be over, so he pretended to be asleep. They could discuss things tomorrow. No consequences tonight. That's all he wanted.
"Where are we?" Dean asked. He raised his hand to stop Cas from getting any closer but he didn't seem to heed the warning.
Dean looked himself over in the mirror for what had to be the tenth time today. He had spent the day in his room trying to recover from a rather traumatizing night out he had just had. While at a local bar, one he had frequented many times over the years, he had struck out with multiple women and even a couple of men. He used to be able to walk into a bar and within minutes find someone to take home if that was his reason for being there. But this time, no one seemed interested in him. A couple of women even laughed him off, one going as far as calling him an old man. He was thirty-five years old. He was not old.
Castiel looked over his friend, though he was so much more than that. He did not know how to say what Dean was. He was the human that made him question his existence as an angel. He is the human that made him question God, his father that he had followed blindly for all of his eternity. He was the human that he had clipped his wings for. Was that the definition of just being a friend?
“Yes,” Dean moans. “Fuck your fist for me. Imagine my hand, my mouth, my ass. Imagine every part of me that your cock could be fucking into. Make me yours.”
Dean finally pushed the thoughts away enough to fall asleep. By the time he woke up again, it was almost two in the afternoon. Ben was sitting on the couch, watching television and eating an ungodly amount of cereal out of a plastic storage bowl. Dean almost said something but brushed it off, Ben could have a day, since he was having one himself.
“I was pretty smooth back then,” Dean smiled at the memory. God, he was such a stupid little shit. But it must have worked, because he got the angel out of it.
Nothing happened after that. It was silent. Dean thought about moving but he didn’t want to ruin whatever his husband had planned. So he laid there as still as possible. Waiting, for anything.
Dean wanted to feel bad but once again he was angry. He needed time to clear his head and work out all that was going on. Being out in nature usually helped.
Dean would make that happen. And now, he had bigger goals in mind. He was going to make sure everyone knew just how vocal Cas could be. Cas might even be shocked.
He had wanted to sleep with Castiel for years now. But this was not how he wanted to do it. He wanted to tell Castiel how he felt or never tell him at all and just avoid the situation altogether. Now his entire existence revolved around sleeping with his best friend who he was secretly in love with.
“Of course you were the reason I was going,” Dean blurted out, throwing his hands in the air in defeat. Castiel should have known that Dean would not just willingly go to another frat party. “But you weren’t there and it sucked and that girl kissed me. God I let her kiss me and why didn’t you come?”
“You know Dean,” Cas spoke into his ear and Dean was suddenly in panic mode. What the hell was Cas doing in the shower? “I am getting real tired of this.”
“That is not a good enough reason to neglect you,” Dean choked out the words, trying not to cry. “I feel like a shitty husband.”
“It’s corn oil,” Benny, the Chef on their crew chimes in. “Maybe her neighbor was gonna make cupcakes.”
“Dean,” Sam threw his arms up in the air when he saw his brother. Dean wondered when these parties actually started. He was given a time to show up twice and each time people were already drunk when he arrived. Unless college students these days were constantly drunk, he was arriving way too late. “I really did not think you were going to come. You kind of bailed early last time.”
“You could have maybe informed me of that earlier,” Dean stopped pacing. “And I am sure that dumb brit already knows.”
“Well, yeah,” Dean laughed, which only made Castiel want to cry worse than before. “I agree with all of that. I enjoyed this, like wow. And I also do not want this to ruin our friendship because you being my best friend is the only thing in life that matters. But that is not what I was going to say.”
“I don’t mind,” Castiel took a drink of his beer, finishing off his third one. Dean waved his hand over at Ellen, letting her know they were ready for another round. “You have time right?”
“Well, this day has been hard for all of us,” Castiel answered as he parked in the spot right upfront. “I think that we all deserve a little pick me up. What do you say?”
Dean continued kissing along Cas’ chest. He could tell that Cas was enjoying it, just as much as he was, by the slight moans that were escaping his lips. Dean wondered briefly if Castiel had ever done anything like this with a man before but he decided now was not the time to ask.
Dean looked around at all of them. Not a single one of them looked like they would be friends. Balthazar was tall and blond and cocky looking. Meg was on the darker side; like she belonged in a biker bar. Ruby was petite and attractive. And then there was Kevin. Kevin looked like he wanted to run away.
“They don't matter.” Cas laid his head on Dean's shoulder. “So, I don't care what they think. I only care what you think. I'm going to tell them.”
“You can’t be sad,” Dean tells him, grabbing Cas’s chin and forcing him to look at him. “You still have one more gift.”
“Yeah man,” Sam slurred into his ear. “She is smoking hot, super smart and Jess says she is into you.”
Castiel reaches out and tags Dean, only for Dean to reach back and tag Castiel. This continues until it looks like both men are having a slap fight in the middle of the set.
“Beg,” Cas slowly ran his hand up and down Dean’s cock, gathering up the pre-cum leaking from the tip and using it as a lubricant.
“Yeah,” Dean was surprised that Castiel knew that it was him on the other line. He did not remember saying anything yet. “How did you know it was me?”
“I am going to be a bartender or some other job where you can work nights,” Ben informed Dean of his future plans.
“So,” Castiel sat down on the couch next to Dean, after getting the fire started. “Are we done with the notebook?”
Tents were the first to go up. Then everyone lined their coolers a few feet from where Kevin was setting up the campfire. Dean was surprised the kid had it in him.
Cas began to slowly work Dean’s cock in and out of his mouth, stopping at the tip and pushing his tongue again the slit. Dean’s body began to shake and Cas took this as encouragement, taking Dean’s cock until it was pushed against the back of his throat. He than began to pick up speed, fucking Dean’s cock with his mouth in a way that no one had ever done. And then Dean was coming. He meant to warn him but it hit him so fast he did not have time to react. Cas was ready though, holding Dean deep into his mouth and taking all of it. He was taking fucking all of it. Fuck!
Dean pulled his hips back slightly and then pushed forward again, causing friction to build up between them. He did this until Cas was a mess beneath him and he knew it wasn't going to be much longer.
"I was around." Castiel refused to look up at Michael, instead, looking down at the food in front of him. "Did some reading outside around the palace. It was far too nice of a day to stay inside the entire time."
Dean closed his eyes to get a better picture but quickly opened them again when he was being pushed face first into the wall. It was not hard enough to hurt him but that did not stop him from becoming incredibly alert. How had someone gotten into the bunker? Who was behind him? What was happening.
Cas teased lightly at Dean’s balls, running his fingers over them softly, exploring Dean. He then worked them into the palm of his hand, kneading them ever so gently. It was almost too gentle for Dean’s liking and if it was anyone other than Cas, he would be vocal about it. But he was already on the verge of an orgasm and damn if Cas’ fingers didn’t feel like heaven against his skin.
“I am sure he would rather you call him than not call him,” Sam informed Dean. And as much as he was right, he still wasn’t going to do it.
Dean laid in bed for a while after his alarm went off. He kept trying to figure out what it all meant but he continued to come up empty handed. And no matter how badly the dream made him feel or how confused he was, he still had to get up and live his life. So, he crawled his way out of bed and headed for the bathroom to get ready for the day. He did not really have the time to take off and work through whatever it was that his dream was trying to tell him or he would crawl right back into bed.
Castiel wants to talk, he knows he should talk. Ninety percent of their show is them talking about whatever it is that they are doing, but all he can do is move around in his seat. He is instantly uncomfortable. All he wants to do is cut his tongue out, go home, drown in a bathtub full of ice and disappear from the world.
Dean jumped in his chair, nearly knocking his beer onto his laptop but luckily, he still had pretty decent reflexes. Or else, Cas was going to be figuring out how to get him a new computer. All of his porn would be lost but he would be able to replace it. Not that he really watched it much these days. He’d turned it on and stroked at himself but always seemed to come up short. Nothing was doing it for him. Maybe it was his lack of demon hunting. His adrenaline had been at an all time low and that was what got his motor running the quickest. Nothing like a good hunt and an even better kill to get you all hot and bothered.
“Thank you darling.” Ellen gave Dean another beer. He had not noticed that he had already finished the first one. That was his problem with alcohol and socialization, he lost track. Hopefully he could keep his alcohol under control tonight. He didn’t want to scare Castiel off just yet. “Make sure to tell him that sometime.”
Wow. Saying his name out loud made his stomach flip in all kinds of ways. Was that love? Was it just hearing it in his own voice? Whatever it was, it stopped his train of thought for a minute.
Cas was facing away from him, appearing to be making something on the stove, but Dean could not see what it was. Dean could go for some food. His dinner definitely did not compare to the kinds of food that Cas made. Cas was more about home cooked meals and healthy eating. He had never approved of Dean’s eating habits but he also never complained about eating tv dinners with him when they were having a movie night at Dean’s house. Yeah, Cas was his best friend. He had not been talking to Cas online.
“So, she hit someone?” Dean asked Castiel to break the silence. His husband had barely spoken to him since they had arrived.
“I get that,” Dean was pleased with himself that he had made an impression. Maybe it was not going to be as hard as he imagined to make friends with Castiel.
Bella took Dean’s hand and walked with him. Her fingers were warm wrapped around his own and his heart was beating quickly in his chest. He knew that Lisa would want for him to move on but he was not sure how she would feel about his ways of doing it. Would she be angry at him hooking up at some random party with some girl he barely knew? And why hadn’t Castiel showed up? This would not be happening if Castiel had just shown up.
“No,” Castiel admitted, trying not to make eye contact with Ruby who was staring him down. He could feel her eyes burning a hole into the side of his head but he did not care. “I think I am headed home though, so you two have a good night.”
"We can have it Cas," Dean finally spoke, fighting through his fears. "When I get out of here, we can have a normal life."
Finally breaking eye contact, Castiel kneeled down in front of Dean. He placed his hands on Dean’s calves, pushing his fingers into the muscle. Dean let out the breath he had been holding in at how good it felt.
Dean put on some clothes, though he was not against going to Cas’ house in sweats. It was the fact that he needed to stop by the store first that forced him to put regular clothes on. He needed beer. He needed to get so drunk that he couldn’t think straight … or think at all for that matter.
“But do you think he will be there when I get there?” Dean asked again, making himself a little clearer but not clear enough for Castiel to fully understand.
“Yes,” Principal Shurley agreed. “There is so little left in the day, I do not see how that would be a problem.”
“Good work,” Dean breathed out to Cas, working to not make eye contact. “Guess we can head home. Or I can head home and you can head back to heaven.”
[angelofthursday] I just. I have talked to a lot of guys who find out I am gay and then they disappear or get mean.
Dean hung up with his brother and turned his truck to head home. He could chat up Ellen or Bobby, if they were even working tonight. They tended to just hire people to work the bar these days and stayed home. Maybe Ash was working and Dean could chat him up for a bit. He needed to do something. As much as it did not fit into the norm of lately, Dean was not ready to go home.
“Does that mean that you aren’t going to die?” Castiel asked hopefully. “I just stay here with you and you stay alive.”
Dean had spent the week texting Castiel here and there. He had been busy with work and Castiel was teaching two classes this summer, which kept him busy with grading papers and doing whatever else it was that teachers did. Dean tried not to ask too much in the way of school. Not that Dean was a stupid person, he was not a school person.
“Uh,” Dean started but then stopped himself. “Not tonight ladies. Just trying to enjoy some guy time tonight.”
“Good,” Dean laughed, setting his half empty beer down on the table. “Better for me to hustle you out of all your money.”
Cas did not scream Dean's name; though, the sounds he did make were amazing. They would get there. Dean was well aware of the fact that he was new to all of this. He knew how to be in a relationship with someone, in general, but pleasing a man, even one who loved him, was going to take some time. But, they would get there.
“Last night kind of sucked,” Dean admitted. He wasn’t even going to deny that Castiel knew him and wouldn’t give up until he told him what was going on. The bandaid effect was always the best with them. Just rip it off and get it over with. “I went to the bar and tried to get laid.”
“So,” Dean stopped, turning to make eye contact with Cas, who was fidgeting on the couch. “Answer me this. Did you do this because you are in love with me?”
“What is mazola?” Castiel asks, first looking at Dean and then out to his crew when Dean cannot produce an answer.
Before Dean had the chance to initiate a conversation, one popped up on his screen. He could not help but smile.
Dean headed toward his bedroom but stopped when his computer came into view. He was sure that it was a long shot but it was worth a shot. He moved over, sat down in his chair and booted up his computer. After a few minutes of arguing with himself internally, Dean logged into his messenger account.
“No,” Dean finally pulls away and pushes Castiel back. “We’re not in the tribe yet, but we were boys, and they were like, ‘Listen, we’re gonna give you guys these hats and we’re gonan give you these peppers and you’re gonna eat them and you’re gonna put these hats on, and after that, you’ll be men.”
"I quite enjoy reading," Castiel finally looked up at Michael and met him with challenging eyes. "My father enjoyed reading as well. Must be one of the qualities I received from him."
“Of course not,” Castiel shook his head. “How do you tell your best friend that you are in love with them. Your very straight best friend.”
“I am not deaf,” Dean shook his head. He stood up from where he was and turned to face Castiel who was standing directly behind him. “I just thought I was crazy.”
Dean pulled himself up the best he could and then leaned against the counter, catching his breath. He couldn't figure out what was happening but nothing felt right. None of this is right.
"Your fall?" Dean asked. Then it hit him. All of it came flooding back. It was a mix of memories but the ones where he was Ben's father, they were not real. It had been a coma dream. All of it a lie. Then he remembered. "Sam?"
“Would you like something to drink?” Castiel asked, moving himself to the other side of the room. “I could get us a beer or some water?”
“I doubt it,” Dean pulled the beer up to his mouth and took a long deep swig. “But who knows. He knew the bar and where it was. So he has very likely been in here before.”
Dean watched Cas climb into his bed. It was something he knew that he could watch forever. Hopefully this will be the beginning of getting to have this more often.
And that was the end of the conversation for now. They knew they were going to have to sit down with her and work this all out. But she was supposed to spend the weekend with her grandma Mary and they were not going to take that away from her. They would work out what they wanted to say and on Sunday, before she had to go back to school again, the would work out a plan. They were great at working out plans.
“I am sorry,” Dean apologized, beginning to step back outside into the rain, but Castiel grabbed his arm and stopped him. “I did not mean to interrupt your evening. I can come back tomorrow maybe.”
“Do you need to be in bed with me?” Castiel stood in front of the small man who nodded that he did need to be in the bed.
“When Lisa left you,” Castiel tried to sit up in his seat and find his voice. He was never good at being loud as it was, so Dean tried to calm himself enough to hear what he was about to say. “You were heart broken. Months passed and you just, you weren’t you. You rarely ever smiled. You drank way too much. I tried to make it better but you were slipping away. I thought … I thought if I could get your mind off Lisa, I would get you back.”
It was five by the time they arrived at their camping spot. It was secluded, no other people around. Dean liked that. He hated going camping at a campground where you had people surrounding you at all times. But that also left him feeling trapped.
Michael, his father Charles’ younger brother, was acting King until Castiel was deemed fit to take the throne. Part of Castiel wished that he could simply let Michael rule the Kingdom, but he knew that was not in his Kingdom's best interest. Since his parents’ early demise and Michael being placed in charge, the Kingdom has suffered.
“No,” Cas shook his head. “I did it because I couldn’t figure out how to make you smile. Though, I think I wouldn’t have cared so much if I didn’t love you.”
They made their way around the back of the house and luckily for them, the door was unlocked. When you are a vampire who can kill most things that would break into your house, security was not a top priority. Dean was thankful for their trust in their own abilities. Made it easier to get in without a sound. Unfortunately, they were waiting for them. They somehow knew that hunters were in town looking for them. What they did not expect was Dean to come with his own personal angel.
“Meeting a friend,” Dean pulled a seat up at the bar while he waited for Castiel to arrive. Castiel was not supposed to be here for another twenty minutes or so, so he had some time to kill. He was always the one to arrive early, it was the one thing that he prided himself in.
[greeneyedhunter] Her picture is also hanging in shops all over the state warning other mechanics about her.
Dean felt bad when he finally made it into the back yard. He did not want to be a downer but he was not enjoying himself with Sam’s friends. They did not seem like bad people but all they did was talk about school and their classes. Parties were supposed to be where you got away from your life, not where you got drunk and talked about them in a louder tone. Dean had nothing to add in at any time so he figured he would not be missed.
“Well, it’s true,” Castiel replied to his husband, turning slightly and giving Dean a playful smile.
"I could not locate you this afternoon Castiel," Michael announced in a displeased manner as he took his seat at the table.
Cas looked down at the box reading Balconi Snack Al Latte. Castiel had spent a summer in England during college and found these in a little store near where he was staying. He had become addicted and hated that they did not have them in the states. He’d completely forgot telling Dean about how much he loved them.
“Hey Kiddo,” Ellen smiled across the bar as Dean entered through the side door. “What a lovely surprise. You here by yourself?”
The kiss was soft but Castiel could feel everything in it. He could feel that Dean loved him and that he wasn’t angry. He could feel that this was all going to work out the way it was supposed to.
He told himself how stupid he was for going in the first place. This led him to thinking about Bella and really trying to figure out what went wrong. He found her attractive and interesting, what more could he ask for in a girl? It had been long enough for him to start dating again, in fact, he had recently been thinking about getting back out there. He knew that Lisa would want him to move on and love someone again.
Dean finally looked up to see two girls standing beside them. He looked quickly to Cas, gauging his reaction to the situation, but he continued to smile. Was the smile because he was truly enjoying himself or because he wanted Dean to think that he was enjoying himself; Dean truly couldn’t tell.
Before he could say anything else, the tears fell. Castiel had been coming over to comfort Dean, to tell him that none of this was his fault. How that had turned into Dean standing in his living room, crying for who knows what reason, Castiel was at a loss.
“I am gonna read this card just fine,” Dean sits up straight and holds the card up in his hand. “I got this.”
Castiel looks over at Dean who seems to have no issue digging into the large container of ice cream and shoving large spoonfuls into his mouth.
As soon as he entered his bedroom, Dean locked the door behind him. A door was not going to stop Cas from entering but the angel had learned that importance of a bedroom and that it was polite to knock at all times. Dean hoped that he took that to heart. He knew that Cas had come to him when he was sleeping many times in order to rid him of nightmares. But he hadn’t had a nightmare in a while. Had Cas still entered his room without his knowledge? Dean hoped that was not the case because Cas didn’t need to see what was about to happen.
The three of them made their way into the ice cream parlor and spent the better part of thirty minutes debating over what they were going to get. Claire finally decided on the bubble gum, while Castiel went for his usual butter pecan, and feeling a little into it, Dean got the caramel apple pie. It had real apple pie chunks in it and Dean knew it was going to make his stomach hurt but hell, it’s not like they indulged like this often.
“We allowed for her to return to class,” Principal Shurley informed them. “We had a conversation about the day and normally, while I would have only called one of you down here, I felt that we needed to have a conversation about what Claire told me.”
Castiel wanted to love the rain. He wanted to love the way the water sounded as it tapped against the roof or against the window. He wanted to love the way the grass smelt or even the soil from beneath. He even wanted to love the tapping sound of the tree beside his window or the way it would occasionally scrap at the glass when the wind would pick up. But he could not get any joy out of these sounds. Instead, they put him on alert and kept his eyes open for Dean. He did not always show up with the rain, but the odds were always in favor of his arrival.
As the last word left Castiel’s mouth, Dean held a box in front of Castiel’s face, a ring right in the center.
“Fuck,” Dean cried out, that ball that had been building in his stomach finally having enough and erupting.
Dean finished up his day and closed up the shop, making sure he had finished all that he needed for the night so that he could leave work at home. But even then something would come up and he would be in his office. He knew he needed to spend time with Castiel and he tried, he really did. Hopefully, once things got settled down and he was more comfortable in his ownership of the shop, he would be able to get back to how life was before.
Dean could feel the blow in Cas’ words, whether one was intended or not. It was deserved though. Dean knew that what he said was kind of dickish. Castiel was allowed to have friends that were not Dean. He was allowed to go camping with people who were not Dean. He did not belong to Dean.
“Next to him we have Chuck’s girlfriend Becky,” Sam pointed at the girl beside Chuck and she smiled and gave Dean a slight wave. She seemed more nerdy college student, just by the looks of her. She was modestly attractive but her clothes were very conservative. She had a slight crazy vibe about her as well, which Dean laughed at internally. He was impressed with Chuck. The crazy ones were kinky right?
Cas turned and made his way toward the bed, taking his time to crawl onto it. He moved toward the middle and then turned around, lying himself onto his back. Dean looked his body over. He was pale, but muscular, almost like a statue. An angel statue, laying in the middle of his bed, waiting for Dean to act. Right, Dean was supposed to do something now besides stare.
“Okay,” Castiel finally looked back up at Dean. He seemed taken aback by the information that was being given to him. “How did that go?”
“By sleeping with my damn soul mate?” Dean felt like hitting something. He was going to hit something.
“Twelve?” She turned back to look at him again. Maybe she wasn't blind? He was certain she was. “These things are mean, tricky creatures.”
“Do not move unless I tell you to move,” Castiel commanded. “Or else I will stop and go directly to bed, do you understand?”
Dean didn't even turn the engine off before running up the walkway to Castiel's front door. He was going to get to the bottom of this, even if he was in fact crazy.
“Don’t apologize,” Dean reached forward and grab hold of Cas’ neck, pulling him into a quick and chaste kiss. “I wanted to be here.”
Dean suddenly flashed to an image of Cas, picking him up off the ground and shoving him against the wall. He’d done it before. He could manhandle him. He could hold him against the wall and fuck Dean senseless without his feet ever having to touch the ground. Dean would grab anywhere that he could, Cas’ shoulders, his hair, his arms.
Once Meg is gone, they remain silent. Dean follows Castiel into his room and Castiel finds Dean and towel and a pair of dry clothes to change into. Once Dean is changed, Castiel turns off the light and they crawl into Castiel’s bed. Castiel waits for the signal from Dean and wraps his arms around his best friend, holding him tight. Even though Castiel knows that Dean is no longer getting abused from his father, he never questions why Dean shows up, or why he needs this. Castiel doesn’t care though. Nothing in him ever wants Dean to stop showing up at his door and ending up in his bed. In a twisted way, Castiel always seems to need these moments just as much as Dean does.
“Why?” Castiel questioned. “Do you not like her? Bella seems like a really sweet girl. I like having her in my class.”
“I should go,” Dean shoved his hands into his pockets, his cheeks hinting at redness with a slight burn. He wanted to cry again but he was not going to cry in front of Castiel. “I am sorry I came by so late.”
And then he was moving again, Cas pulling him up and off his feet before pushing him back against the wall of the shower. Dean wrapped his arms and legs around his angel, his cock now firmly held between their bodies. If only there was some friction, Dean would be cumming between the both of them, but there was nothing, just Cas pressed against him.
But luckily, he could continue his healing at home. He hated being in the hospital. He had always hated hospitals. The bunker held it's own level of sadness and grief but at least he did not have doctors checking over him at all hours of the day. It was nice feeling some semblance of control over his life.
“Dean,” Castiel moaned out, trying to pull away but Dean grabbed his back and pulled him closer, stroking his penis faster and gripping it just a little tighter. “Oh, Dean.”
Dean moved up the bed and laid down. They were both on their sides. It took a minute to figure out how to best be on the bed, but they finally got there, and it was time. It was time.
But that means the other person is going to be given the chance to steal that point and potentially the rest of the points in that round.”
“I have it in my right mind to beat your ass,” Dean held a wrench out towards his brother. “You think you are so funny and someone needs to show you the light.”
“They were blowing each other in the woods,” Balthazar laughed. No one in the group laughed with him.
“I’m sorry,” he helped her off of him and got out of his truck quickly. He all but ran to the other side and opened the door for her. “I don’t mean to do this but I just remembered something I had to do for my son.”
“Not at all,” Castiel seemed to get real serious for a moment. “I don’t just teach Christianity. I teach every religion in one way or another. I feel that in order for people to believe in something fully, they must be able to understand all of what is out there to make a conscious decision. How can you say you are one thing without hearing the side of another?”
“Nice to meet you all,” Dean said to all of them, yet his eyes took a while to move off of Castiel. Maybe it was because he looked closer to Dean’s age. It could also be that he looked like he did not belong at this party and that is exactly how Dean felt about himself. “So are y’all Law students?”
Dean took a seat on the couch next to Bella and Kevin. They were all talking about classes that they were taking this summer to fill some credit requirements. Dean would have thought they would want to go home for the summer, but school was obviously a full time gig these days. Dean was not the biggest fan of school, so college had always been out of the question. He tried to keep up the best that he could but mainly he felt like the person who wore bright colors to a funeral.
Once in the room, he locked the door behind him. From then on out, he was safe. But he was going to have to find a new place for his fairy to hide when he would be out of the room. When it was a non-resting day, he sometimes spent his time, from when he woke up until he went to bed, out of his room for the entire day. Anna would keep an eye on it from time to time but she had work she had to do and wasn’t always around to keep track of his things.
More time passed and all that could be heard through the room was the swishing noise that could be heard from the recorder. Dr. Mills didn't want to give up, she would never give up. But today was not the day. They would get there. They had to get there.
Castiel laughed and smiled at Ellen when she brought them another beer. He drank half of it, his hands sort of fidgeting and Dean began to feel bad. He had made Castiel uncomfortable. That was not his intentions at all.
“Try me.” Meg stepped over to Balthazar and placed her hands on her hips. For someone so small, she was rather intimidating. “My van, my rules. So I get to decide which assholes do or do not ride in her. Do you understand?”
“Your friend seems nice,” Ben told his dad as he got into bed. “He is a little weird but still, he seems nice.”
“That is never good coming from a drunk guy,” Dean laughed, walking with his brother into the house.
As Cas’ breathes became harder, Dean moved his mouth to the middle of his chest and slowly began to kiss down, occasionally letting his tongue push out and run over Cas’ skin until his mouth was kissing right above his boxers.
“Look at me,” Castiel demanded but his voice was not as forceful as it had been before, but more ragged. “Please.”
“Dude,” Meg spoke, startling Castiel. He had forgotten she was standing behind him. “You look like someone ran over your dog.”
“De..”  Castiel started again but was cut off when Dean leaned forward and captured Castiel’s mouth with his own. Castiel stayed frozen for a minute, his mind trying to catch up with what was happening, but as Dean continued to kiss him, he relaxed, kissing Dean back slowly.
As Dean kissed down along Castiel’s stomach, he pulled his hands from Cas’ back down to his ass and pulled him forward on the table, just enough to give Dean better access to the man’s pants. Then he moved his hands to the front of Cas and placed one of his hands against Cas’ erection. The feel of Castiel’s jean covered cock against his hand made Dean’s cock jerk in his pants. He loved that he was making Cas feel this excited.
Dean glided his hand over Castiel’s erection and back down, feeling its length through the smooth fabric. Occasionally he squeezed his hand around it and Castiel would all but whimper. It was almost too much for Dean but he allowed himself to remain calm. He was not going to allow himself to get off without even being touched.
"What?" Dean went to sit himself up but his body would not allow for it. He sunk further into the hospital bed, trying to get a handle on his breathing. It didn't help that the heart monitor was beeping even louder now.
Ben sat back away from Dean, a horrified look on his face. Dean tried to reach out to Ben but he was up on his feet and racing toward his room. Dean pulled himself up off the ground, using all of his energy and tried to run after him but was quickly hit with another wave of memories.
“I can’t do this,” Castiel says, grabbing his chest and then stretching his arms out. “Every breath out is like time travel - *hiccup* - into a stupid, stupid place.”
They lean back for a moment and take a deep breath. This is the part of the episode where everyone would be seeing their intro before it comes back to them.
Dean finally made his way over to the man who looked to be growing more impatient by the minute. Dean hated to keep him waiting but at the same time, the way he shuffled back and forth on his feet and continued to scan the diner was kind of … cute. It didn’t help that the man had the bluest freaking eyes Dean had ever seen in his entire life. Watching them grow darker with frustration sent a thrill down his spine and he didn’t want that feeling to go away any time soon.
“Then over here we have Kevin Tran, nerd extreme.” Kevin got up and shook Dean’s hand. He was a tiny Asian guy who looked no older than his son Ben but obviously he was old enough to be at this party. At least Dean hoped that he was old enough to be at this party. He had a beard which was convincing. Or, at least what appeared to be a good attempt at a beard.
“Hey you,” Ruby came over to where Dean had found a bench out back and sat down next to him. He smiled up at her but was not sure how he felt about being joined. Hopefully she was a cool as she seemed. “Not enjoying the party?”
“That’s nice,” Ellen threw a dish towel over her shoulder and poured Dean a beer. “Do I know this friend?”
Dean had worked it out with his boss to get off on Friday and not come back until Tuesday. He figured an extra day off with Cas wouldn't hurt.
“Fuck,” Dean sunk down the wall when Cas pulled off of his cock, leaving them face to face. Cas leaned in and kissed him passionately, all teeth and tongue and ragged breathes. “That was.”
“Oh, right,” Dean moved over to the table. “Castiel, this is my son Ben. Ben, this is my friend Castiel.”
“Mercedes?” Dean asked quietly, leaning into Benny. They always took bets on what kinds of cars people drove.
"I have to get out of here." Dean pushed her and made his way into the living room. He grabbed the keys to baby, hoping she was able to drive and fled for the garage. By the time his parents caught up with him, he was halfway down the street. He hadn't even put on clothes.
“Represent,” Dean says calmly before beginning to yell again. “You’re Castiel! Hey, listen. I’m gonna psych you up and you are gonna psych me up. You psych me up, Cas. Cas! Your name is Cas! You have a freaking hat that says your freaking name on it!”
Dean grabs a package and hands it over to Castiel. It is slightly smaller than the box that he gave Dean, but he was curious. Even when shopping for Dean, Castiel could not determine what his favorite snack was. He pulled slowly at the paper, knowing that opening gifts slow drove Dean crazy. When he got to the snack inside, he nearly lost his breath for a moment.
Cas was not like Dean. Cas was able to take it in his mouth. All of it. Just like before. And it was the hottest thing in the world.
It was dim, wherever he was and he could still hear the faint sound of beeping but as he began to focus, the sound got louder in his ear. A moment of struggling to turn his head revealed machines around him. He was in the hospital.
“Parties aren’t really my thing,” Dean tried to come up with a better reason than, ‘I am old I can’t do parties anymore.’ “This one is outdoors, I like outdoors. I can do outdoors.”
They hit up a bar on the strip and Dean went all out. He ordered six shots and found them a table in the corner to get their evening started. Somewhere along the line, the three shots for Cas and the three shots for himself turned into an amount of shots that Dean couldn’t even recount. They hadn’t even made it to the gambling part and Dean was way beyond where he wanted himself to be.
“Those are random,” Cas says aloud, making more of a statement and not really expecting an explanation behind them.
Dean hovered the mouse over the name, working up his nerve to click it. Why was he all of a sudden so nervous to talk to her? They talked every day, some days more than others, when they planned it ahead of time. But now it was different.
“I wish I could Dean,” Sam began to turn Dean down, which actually bummed Dean out slightly. “I have this paper to write and I really need to get it finished.”
This is probably going to be long and very slow building. If you are looking for fast paced, quick relationship or whatever, this won't be that. I just don't want to pull someone in and be like, when are you going to get to the good stuff. Good stuff takes time, just like their conversations are going to take.
“Multiple times this month I have been called.” Castiel informed him. “It’s strong too. Sometimes I can push your voice away to focus on whatever I am doing. But lately, when you call me, the pull is too strong and I suddenly wind up here, in front of a very angry you. Are you angry with me?”
“Dean,” Cas tried to sound annoyed but Dean was now kissing at his neck and Cas’ body was clearly begging for it. “We talked about this.”
“Thanks man,” Dean smiled at Cas, hoping to convey that he was all better. “You really didn’t need to do that.”
“I have learned my lesson,” Cas crossed his arms over his chest and Dean felt his heart speed up. “I won’t get scared this time.”
“I would never ask you to promise that to me,” Cas moved closer to Dean and reached forward, finding Dean’s hand and lacing their fingers together. “But do you think you can try and make me one promise?”
Considering the thought had already arrived, Dean decided to get some use out of it. He grabbed the soap and rubbed it between his hands, getting a good lather. He them leaned himself against the wall and reached town, taking his now hard cock into his hands. He stroked long and slow, letting the image of Cas dance around in his head. Cas rubbing at the muscles in his shoulders, down his back and then finally rubbing his ass.
Once in the room, Castiel tells Dean to stand in the middle of the room. Dean goes to grab some clothes first but Castiel pulls him back and into the middle of the room.
He was still not completely sure about Castiel. They seemed like completely different people, yet they got along so well. They had little things in common but took interest in the things the other one liked, eager to experience things that were not their own lives. Maybe that is what they needed. Dean needed a friend to get him out of his slump. He was always at home or at work, now he could get out of that. Castiel needed Dean because he was new and he did not really know many people. They could make a decent friendship if they really gave it a shot.
“That doesn’t sound like a lot of fun,” Dean laughs nervously. “You should be home in bed, not alone and having lots of fun.”
Once he was able to gain a little bit of control, he began to slowly thrust his hips up to meet Castiel’s mouth, his hand still gripped firmly in his best friend’s hair. He would let up by the sounds that Castiel was making were proof enough that Castiel was loving this just as much as Dean was.
“Yeah, yeah,” Castiel laughed, leaning in and kissing Dean quick and gentle. “You are still pretty smooth.”
Dean nodded and Castiel stepped back, giving Dean room to remove his clothes. First, he took off his jeans, tossing them to where his shirt was laying. He hesitated when he got to his boxers, stopping to look at Castiel who was eyeing him intently.
“Sam, Jessica and Bella are all in my religion class and their grades were not where I had expected them to be, so I made a deal,” Castiel laughed while telling his story, though it was more of a nervous laugh than an amused laugh. “They were not failing by any means but they were not doing as well as I knew they could do. So I asked them what I needed to do in order to get them to step up their game and Sam suggested a party. After that it was all that I heard. When they all ended the term with As, I had to follow through.”
“Can no one answer that please?” Castiel asks in return. “I really don’t want to know what that means. Please and thank you.”
“That while you enjoyed this,” Castiel started but had to stop, he knew he was going to cry again, he needed to not cry. “That we are best friends and you don’t want this to ruin our friendship.”
“Bella.” Sam pointed over at Bella Talbot. Now that was a girl that fit the description, at least part of it. He did not really know her well enough to know if she had a serious head on her shoulders. She was definitely tall, dark and brunette, so she was worth a shot. Though Dean was still not sure of his interest levels.
“Today after lunch on the playground,” Principal Shurley started to answer. “She pushed a boy off of the play structure. While he is okay, his parents did need to come and take him to the doctor, just to have him looked at.”
It took a minute for Castiel to get to the door. He seemed shocked at Dean showing up but stood back so that he could come in.
“Good riddance,” the lady snarled at them before entering her cart and slamming the door behind her.
"How?" Castiel could not help the excitement. Having a fairy was one thing but being able to talk to him would be quite satisfying. "Can you talk?"
“Uhhh.” Dean sighed out at his words. If anyone could get him to cum from sound alone, it would be his husband. He’d always joked with him when they first got together that he had the perfect voice to be a phone sex operator. Dean was glad he wasn’t though. That voice belonged to him and him alone. “Please baby.”
“I fear we have gotten off on the wrong foot.” The man quickly changed his tone. “Hi. My name is Castiel Novak. I was driving through this … uh … lovely town of yours and my car seems to have broken. Is there any way you or someone might be able to have a look at it?”
Castiel does not want to be at work. Normally, he loves his job and all that they do but today is not one of those days. Today, his crew has concluded that they are going to be eating a Carolina Reaper. They have done pepper challenges in the past and even eaten the Ghost Pepper, which is still in his memory as one of the worst days of his entire life. So, how had they gotten to this point again? Maybe the world was out to get him since he is now truly happy for the first time in a long time.
“So,” Castiel says with a giant smile on his face, “because you ate first, that means I win.” Castiel laughs, considering he rarely ever wins. “I win, right?”
“I love them,” Cas admitted. He was tempted to open them now but they were not done. There would be time to demolish them later. He was certain they would taste incredible after sex with Dean. “Okay, what is next?”
Once Dean was done in the shower and changed into his pajamas, they took their spot on the ground in front of the tree. Castiel was nervous again. He knew that he picked out the right things but he always wanted things to be perfect and there was always the off chance that Dean did not like something he got him. He was especially nervous about the gift for them to do together.
The three of them walked slowly out to the car and got themselves in. Dean was unsure of what to say and hoped Castiel wouldn’t say anything either. They hadn’t had time to discuss how they were going to handle this and he didn’t want them to end up fighting in front of their daughter who had already been through enough for one day. If punishment was going to happen, it could wait a while longer. But all the same, the silence as they drove was killing him.
“That was,” Dean began, trying to find the words to describe what had just happened, “unexpectedly perfect.”
As Dean was sinking into the couch, his cell phone began to ring across the room. He grumbled to himself about how fantastic that was, as it forced him to get back up so that he could retrieve it. Once he had it in his hand, he smiled. It was Castiel.
“Can I help you?” An old woman stepped out of the cart, using a strange stick of wood to guide her without falling. Her eyes were ghosted over and even though she was looking straight at him, Castiel was certain she couldn't actually see.
Dean was the big brother. He was supposed to protect Sam from the evils in this world. He was supposed to be the savior, not the … not the killer.
Castiel hummed a moan around Dean’s cock at his words but did not pull of, instead, he increased his speed, his hand reaching up and grabbing Dean’s balls between his fingers and squeezing lightly.
“Mmm,” Castiel hummed. “I love it when you beg. You are such a good boy. Are you my good boy, Dean?”
“Answer me,” Castiel’s grip tightened, not enough to hurt but just enough to get Dean’s full attention. “Are you worth what I am about to do to you?”
Castiel? What kind of name was Castiel? Dean could tell already that he was not going to like this kid. His name sounded like something one got for one of a few reasons. Either he came from money, hippies or religious freaks. Hopefully, it was the religious freaks. The hippy kids always wanted to talk to him and the rich ones always complained about how horrible their mothers and fathers were for making them come to this shit hole. The religious ones tended to fear him in a way. That meant they didn't talk to him.
“Dean,” Cas stepped closer to Dean and reached out, taking his hand. “We don’t have to do anything you are not ready to do. Hell, if all you can do is let me blow you again, sign me up.”
"See," she spoke with a smile in her voice, one that he could see when she finally came into view and made her way to the other side of the bed. "I told you that miracles happen."
Now was the real problem. Did he not show up tomorrow and lose a small part of Dean or did he show up, admit to him the truth, and potentially lose all of Dean?
“I was only informing them of what it was I saw out in the woods,” Balthazar stood his ground, clearly not worried about Dean. This only made Dean want to hit him more. “Is that not what you were doing?”
“The musk of the husk?” Dean’s eyes go big as he looks at Castiel’s card and silently mouths the line once again. “Who, the fuck, pardon my language. But who the fuck writes this stuff?”
Castiel worked his hand along his hips, down his thighs, over his calves and back up between his legs, stopping before he touched Dean’s already leaking cock. Castiel was nice, but lessons could not be learned but simply giving someone what they wanted. They had to earn that. Dean had to earn it.
“I promise mom,” he gave her a smile. If there was one thing that he was good at, it was pretending to have fun. He just needed to make sure that he did it long enough to convince Sam. Then he would go home, catch up on his DVR and sleep in.
“Try being me right now,” Dean laughed. The sound that came out was bizarre, but it felt good. He hadn’t heard himself laugh since before his brother died.
Castiel cannot stop the laugh that erupts from inside of him. He has never heard anything like this before in his entire life. Fanfiction or not, this was priceless.
He wanted to protect him, not just from Michael, but from the evils in the world. It was probably Michael's fault that the poor thing was injured. With all the changes to the Kingdom that Michael had made, people had resulted to desperate measures for survival. Castiel did not know a lot about fairies but he did know they were rare and magical creatures.
Dean moved his hands down the sides of Castiel’s body and brought them to his ass. He then gripped hard, pulling Castiel off the ground and bringing him up to sit on the workbench. Castiel leaned down, now being up higher than Dean and began to kiss at Dean’s neck and behind his ears, moving up to nibble them on occasion. Dean moaned with every bite of his flesh against Castiel’s teeth and he continued to grow more and more excited. He had to continuously reach down and adjust himself in his jeans.
“No,” Castiel was stern and sat up straight in his chair. “You are not dying. But if you were, you would not be going to hell. You deserve so much more than hell.”
“I’m going now,” Cas smiled and got out of Dean’s car, not giving him a chance to stop him from leaving. “Text me that you made it home safe,” Cas called as he opened the door and climbed into his own car. Dean nodded his agreement.
“I have sleep ambitions,” Ben laughed, walking out of the bathroom to continue getting ready for his day. Dean and Ben both had pretty independent mornings. Dean made sure that Ben was awake to get ready for school and then that was it. Dean got ready for work, grabbed coffee on the way and Ben got ready for school and got himself off to the bus for summer school, ensuring he would probably be a bartender. Now that Ben was twelve, he was better equipped to take care of himself.
“I have to admit this was slightly hard,” Castiel told Dean as he handed him his gift. “But then I saw this and I knew I had found the right things.”
The more time Castiel spent looking for gifts, the more excited he got. Usually, he spent days, even weeks, trying to figure out the perfect gift to give Dean. The man was not the easiest to shop for. But with the new parameters that were put into place, gifts seemed to appear easily and he was overly prepared for tonight.
Dean could not seem to find his words, so he nodded. He was not going to stop Cas from touching his cock. His cock twitched so badly it hurt, he was that excited for Cas to touch his cock. And then fuck … Cas was pulling his pants and boxers down around his ankles and slowly running his smooth hands up Dean’s legs. They were not rough like Dean’s and that just excited him more.
Cas reaches down and feels the stack of cards that are now lying in front of him. They are large and white with a red version of their logo on the front. The stack is higher than he had expected it to be. Hopefully, there was not a lot on each card, or this episode was going to be one of their longer ones. Because there is no way in hell they are going to be able to just whiz through these without stopping.
“And like I said dear,” she continued on with her calm words, which only made Dean angrier, “you can break the spell.”
“You are,” Cas growled, his head resting in Dean’s neck as he came down from his orgasm. He was still inside of Dean, holding him firmly against the wall.
Even though he was wanting to give up, he had to keep trying. So, he gathered up another round of ingredients, again his blood being one of them and chanted a stupid spell.
[angelofthursday] You do not need to come up with an excuse. If you would like to stop talking now, just say it and move on.
“Honestly,” Dean relaxed, stepping toward Cas and clasping their hands together. “I am beyond terrified, but I want this. I am still beyond mad, which is probably not what you want to hear. But that does not stop me from loving you and wanting to move passed all this. I am not gay. But I am not straight.”
“Dean, let me introduce to the crew,” Sam motioned to those who were in the room. There were not many but they seemed to be a very diverse group of people. The kind of people you would see paired together in a tv drama. If you didn’t know they were friends or no one told you, you definitely would not make the assumption on your own.
Once Dean believed that he had worked Castiel up enough, he reached in through the hole in the front of his boxers and pulled his cock out. Dean was not one to guess the length of a cock just by looking at it but he would say that it was at least six, maybe six and a half inches, about the same size as his own. That made him a little more comfortable, it was a size he knew how to deal with, from his own personal times with himself.
After the show was over, Dean excused himself to get Ben off to bed. Dean did not really need to get Ben off to bed but he felt like he needed to since he had company. Ben was generally very capable of putting himself to bed.
“I forgot my,” Meg began but then stopped, her eyes falling onto her boyfriend and his best friend wrapped up in bed together. “What the actual fuck Castiel?”
“I knew you would like it as soon as I saw the pictures,” Sam laughed, tossing his duffle onto one of the beds. “Are you ready to get this party started?”
“Fuck!” Dean ran his hand down his face as he logged out of his account. This was getting out of control and he was taking it all out on Cas. Sure, Cas deserved it, but if he kept this up, he could end up pushing Cas away for good. That was the last thing he wanted. He just didn’t know how to go about this any other way.
Castiel composes himself and makes his way into the bathroom, shutting the door behind him. He turns on the water, leaning forward and grabbing handfuls of it to splash into his face. The last thirty minutes felt like a blur and his world was spinning. But at the same time, there was a relief that settled upon him. Meg being gone was good. He didn’t love her, and she deserved better.
“I am so sorry.” Cas sat down on the log a few inches away from Dean, making sure not to touch him. “That was never my intention.”
“Hello,” the voice on the other end of the phone spoke. His voice was deep, deeper than Dean had remembered it being only a few days ago. “Dean?”
“It’s all that I have wanted since she handed me the divorce papers,” Castiel admitted and Dean’s heart sunk. “But now, I am not so sure.”
Dean rubbed at Cas’ erection for a few minutes through his pants but he could sense that Castiel was getting antsy, ready for Dean to touch him for real. Dean was happy to give him what he wanted. He moved his hands to the zipper of Cas’ jeans and slowly pulled it down, he then worked to undo the button. His heart was racing. He was excited and scared all at the same time. He wanted this but truthfully, this was his first time. He felt young and inexperienced, unsure if he was going to do anything right or if he was just going to be a disappointment.
“We will talk with Claire,” Castiel let him know. “Thank you for letting us know what was going on. Would it be alright if we pulled her out for the rest of the day?”
“What?” Dean pulled away for a moment. He knew that his voice was out of practice, but he did not think it sounded that bad.
“I think she just needed to be able to be completely free,” Castiel choked down the last bit of beer that was in his glass. “No strings at all.”
“Ask and you shall receive my lady,” Castiel bowed to her, causing a giggle to boil up to the surface. She may not be royalty by blood but to Castiel, she was more of a Lady than most of the real ones he had met in the past.
Dean looked at the text on his phone from Castiel and frowned. He had been avoiding him since what had taken place over the weekend. He knew that it was not Castiel’s fault that any of this happened, but he did not know what to say to him or how to deal with any of this. If there was one thing that Dean was good at, it was hiding from his feelings.
The night went on decently after that. Castiel arrived, bringing more beer and the pizza showed up shortly after. They ate and drank while watching re-runs of parks and recreation. It was always Dean’s favorite show to watch with Castiel since he worked for the parks department. Castiel, admitted at one point, that he too found the show to be funny, even though it was not accurate to his job.
"Dad?" A small voice repeated over and over. Dean held onto the sound, trying to find his way out of the darkness. Where was he?
Castiel stumbled against Dean, he seemed reluctant at first but then excitedly followed wherever it was that he was being lead. Castiel soon was right along with Dean, his hands moving up Dean’s sides as Dean held the back of Castiel’s neck, pushing his tongue into the eager waiting mouth of Castiel. A voice in Dean’s head told him he needed to stop, that this was not right but he pushed past his insecurities.
“Every time I am around you,” Cas began speaking again, his voice deeper than normal, which only turned Dean on more. “Every single time, you send all these images to me. Me fucking you. Your mouth wrapped around my cock or my mouth wrapped around yours. Do you know how frustrating it is that you do this?”
Dean shook his head at the phone. He did not want to be a horrible brother but he definitely did not want to go to this party. The last party was a complete bust, even though he made a new friend out of it. The new friend was nice, the party was not. Plus, they made him feel old. He was working his way into his thirties and most of the college kids that were at the party were barely able to drink legally.
He quickly made his way forward. He knew if he stopped for every person, they would surely guilt him into buying things he didn't want or need. He didn't need food or clothes. He didn't need anything really but that did not stop him from wanting. He wanted rare, unique and intriguing things. Things that he could hide with the rest of his collection back home.
But he didn’t leave. Castiel stood up, pulled his pants back around his hips but did not bother to button or zip them up. All of his attention was on Dean and Dean could feel his heart about to race out of his chest.
