"Don't tempt me," he growls. Cas's gaze darkens, filling with lust, and Dean's last ounce of self-control is thrown out the window. He wraps a large hand around Cas's throat and slams their lips together in a rough, filthy kiss. Through the haze of arousal, Dean just barely manages to plot his revenge, but when he does, he grins against Castiel's lips. His hand slides down to Cas's cock, rubbing it through the sweatpants a few times just to make sure it's nice and hard. Then he completely pulls away. Cas stares at him with half-lidded eyes and his lips slightly parted, waiting for Dean to come back, but he doesn't.
"Of course," breathes Cas in reply, leaning back in to press another tender kiss to Dean's lips. "I promise." Dean grins.
"Sounds painful. Well, if you guys want to join me for my hunt, you're welcome to." Dean considers it for a moment, but then shakes his head.
"Right you are, kiddo. Well, thanks again. I'll see you around." And then, with the sound of flapping wings, he's gone. Castiel turns to Dean, his eyes icey.
"So you're basically saying you want to protect me, even though you don't like me." Cas nods solemnly. "So if I pray to you, or even want you to be here, you're gonna come?"
"Dammit," he grumbles out loud. There's no way he's gonna be able to get a good night's sleep with all these thoughts running through his head. "Friggin' Castiel, man. Why'd you have to be so damn weird?"
"Hey, could you take off your coat and shirt for me? I gotta get a look at your injuries." Cas nods, then pulls off the coat, grunting in pain as he slides it from his arms. then he starts unbuttoning the blood-soaked white shirt underneath, and Dean forces himself to tear his gaze away, instead grabbing the rest of the medical supplies and carrying them over to the bed.
"I was scared you'd reject me. But then, I don't know what came over me, but I realized I just couldn't risk never trying. Cause I don't want to be that guy you were talking about. I don't want to throw away my chance." Cas's expression is full of pride and adoration as he looks at Dean.
"Thank you, man. My dad would rip me a new one if he found out." Cas looks thoughtful for a heartbeat, then he meets Dean's gaze.
"I don't know." Dean blinks. That is not the answer he was expecting. Hell, he didn't even care whether he got an answer, he was just ranting out of pure frustration. But for an angel admit that they don't know what God wants is unheard of. "Release me now, and I'll help you stop Gabriel from bothering your friends. Not by killing him, though."
He knows he shouldn't, but he finds himself thinking even more about the angel with the stormy blue eyes. The angel who is so different from the others. The most human angel he's ever met.
"Why were you talking to yourself about me while you were naked?" His brow furrows, and his expression is so adorably confused that for a moment, Dean almost forgets that Cas isn't human.
"You've kept my secret, so it's only fair that I do the same for you." For a moment, Dean finds it almost comical that Cas is treating this as seriously as his life-threatening secret.
"I heard you call out for me. I thought you might be in trouble." Dean looks down, embarrassed. "Why did you call me, Dean?"
"He beat the shit out of me, okay? It wasn't a big deal. It only happened a few times. But-" Dean stops, Cas's eyes are glowing blue, and as he flexes his shoulders, and the silhouette of a pair of wings unfolds behind him in a terrifyingly beautiful display. "Cas, calm down. It was a long time ago."
“All right,” Kevin says quietly. “You sure you don’t have anyone to stay with? Do you know your dad’s name?”
Late one night, as they were watching reruns of an old sitcom, she asked him if he believed in God. In heaven, or hell, or anything after. He told her he’d visited both places personally but she shook her head and asked him if he
Kevin snorts and feels around the console for his coffee. “Anyway, I’ll probably stick around for a couple of days to catch up. If you hate the guy after that, we’ll find somewhere else to drop you. Cas can probably swing some memory wipes, or whatever.”
“The way you talked about her, she seemed like a good person. She didn’t deserve to die like she did. And neither did you.”
“Chances are that I will live much longer than the average human being,” he said slowly. “And I am stronger. But everything else has gone. I can’t heal wounds, I can’t travel like I used to. And I can’t hear their voices anymore, no matter how hard I try. I’m not human, but I am... no longer an angel, either.” He looked pensive. “I had wings, you know. I was cosmic fire and a hundred thousand eyes. No human mathematics could describe me or the way I moved. But things are simpler now. I am Castiel in a dead man’s body and I am biding my time until I die, in a century or two centuries. And to you that might seem like forever, but I saw the birth of the sun...”
“No, but if my head’s going to explode, I’d rather get it over with now than wait around for it to happen.”
Adam sighs. “She was a nurse. I wanted to go to med school because of her. And now she’s gone, and I…” He shrugs. “I’m probably not going back to college, huh?”
“I dunno. People don’t just crawl out of the afterlife for no reason. And there’s the whole thing about…” He makes a vague fireworks gesture toward Adam.
Adam gets a last few giggles out before letting his head fall back down on the back seat. He’s so tired. Sharp teeth. The phantom sensation of being turned inside out. No, he doesn’t want to talk about that. “Shit, dude, it was a lot. Can we just go to Goodwill?”
(He remembers dogs, actually. A new memory lifts itself out of the blankness. He’s at his friend Collin’s house, and they’ve got this huge yellow Labrador, the friendliest thing in the world, bowling him over when he walks in the door. At first he’s scared stiff, but then the dog starts licking his face and he laughs partly out of surprise and partly because the dog is so enthusiastic about it. Dog breath is everywhere, though, and he’s a little relieved when Collin calls Ilanna off and the dog bounds over to him, giving him the exact same treatment.)
Kevin shoots him a look out of the corner of his eye, but doesn’t seem offended. Michael is maybe a little disappointed. “Yeah. I guess that makes sense.” He takes a deep breath, then sighs. “I’m Kevin. Kevin Tran. I guess my current job is travelling around the country, helping people out with… problems.”
Susie says, patting her hands over her graying hair as if she’d been blasted by a sudden wind. “Is he all right?”
Kevin lets him stand there for a few moments, presumably watching for a sign of head-leakage or a psychotic break from reality. When nothing happens, he relaxes and looks around the neighborhood.
“Don’t thank me yet, dude.” Kevin takes a sip of coffee, and he seems nervous, although Michael can’t even begin to guess why. “You were right. Kate Milligan had one son.”
And then there’s a fist in his hair pulling him backwards, keeping him off-balance, and a click. A punch to the gut, to the ribs, no air, but it’s just a punch, he’ll be fine – and then he sees that the other guy is staring at him from what seems like a mile away, face frozen in horror.
It is so, so familiar, the rows of houses that aren’t quite uniform, the quiet neighborhood with open lawns, tall trees everywhere. The city is laid out like a grid, cut through with the serene Des Moines River. He
“Um, pretty much sane. Yep. Aside from recovering some horrific memories and drawing a total blank between 2009 and 2010, he’s just kinda shaken up. Anyway, when were you going to tell me there was a
He was six when his mother first took him to his grandmother’s grave. She had been cremated and the ashes had been placed in a niche, so there was no headstone. TRAN BICH-HANG in white letters, and a year of birth and a year of death, and nothing more than a small pot of sand with broken sticks sitting in front of it.
They shake hands, and Michael just leaves. It seems wrong, somehow, but he can’t do anything else. So he boards the bus, this time with nothing but his ticket, a bottle of Gatorade, and the clothes on his back.
“This feels familiar,” Michael says haltingly as he brushes his hands off on Rodney’s old jeans. “I don’t know why.”
“There’s a duffel bag in Rodney’s closet. I’d show you where it is, but my knees can only take so much of this standing-up business in the morning.”
“I’m hitchhiking,” he says honestly, and tries to get up again, only to for Pete to literally grab him. Damn, this guy really has him zoned. “Look, I’m sorry, but you should really focus on cancelling the ambulance. I’m fine, I gotta get going—”
“All right,” Roger says, once he finishes writing down everything he can think of. He tosses a few bills down on the check plate along with the note, folded in half. “I hate leaving you like this, but it looks like you’re in good hands.”
Michael’s footsteps precede him. As expected, Rodney’s clothes are about half a size too big on him, but seeing that high school football T-shirt still fills her with nostalgia.
He clamps his mouth shut, obviously thinking that it is not a good idea to tell Michael too much about the literal slasher-film-level gorefest that probably played itself out in his house. Too late. Michael dashes off to the bathroom to puke up his breakfast and Kevin makes a distressed noise from his place on the bed.
except for that one thing he does not will not cannot think about which is beating at the makeshift walls he’s put around it.
“Cas,” he said, because his friend’s eyes weren’t quite tracking anymore. Castiel looked back at him, and for a moment he could see how ancient he was. Billions of years as a warrior with divine purpose and he’d fallen for Dean Winchester, given up pieces of himself until this was all that was left.
A lot of things are coming back to him now, almost by reflex. Little cultural references and stuff that seem normal, logical, like everyone should know them. That seems to be a good sign. It would be great if he could remember things. If he remembered this town, where he grew up, apparently, unless he’s the ghoul that ate the real Michael Milligan and is just getting the taste of a dead man’s memories.
“You know, just a word to the wise, prophet to – apostle, or whatever you’re calling yourselves these days – I’m retired. Even if I
The house is quite small, even with two floors and an attic. There are two bedrooms and a bathroom on the second floor, and a sitting room and a kitchen on the first. One of the bedrooms used to belong to Valerie’s husband, but it’s been taken over by David, who’s started snoring somewhat fierce in his old age. There are photos all over he walls of family and friends, mostly grandchildren – Lucy and Harry could probably take up an entire wall by themselves. The rest is all wooden furniture and doilies and armchairs and beige carpet, college paraphernalia and souvenirs. Paintings, mostly landscapes of rolling hills and rivers.
Michael scoots back against the sink and lets his head fall back against the cabinet doors. “I guess you have a point. But I don’t know what that means, if I did.”
He remembers. Her hand holding his as they walked to the local park, the times he’d find her passed out on the couch in the morning with the TV still on, the day she took him to pick out his first (well-used) car, the way she’d hug him tight like she was squeezing the last bit out of a tube of toothpaste.
A couple of cars pass by, and he sticks his thumb out as their headlights sweep over him, but to no avail. They don’t seem to notice him.
She doesn’t cry. Nobody does. Just two long, tight hugs, and a few more moments of fussing, and then he sits down on a bench to wait, eyes closed so he can’t see them leave. So it’ll be like they never did, until he opens his eyes.
“Always. GT, Honors, AP, whole nine yards. I was applying to colleges, and bam,” he said. “My whole life changed. Propheteering. But eventually I learned to hunt, and… well. That’s what I’ve been doing ever since.”
“—possession, torture, getting dragged back into hell, being lied to, being lied to and then stabbed, getting stabbed and then dying—”
“Monster problems.” He seems to be completely aware of how ridiculous he sounds. “Sometimes demon problems.”
The inscription is bland. Sam’s name in block letters, a dash between two dates, then “Son, brother, and friend.” It barely even covers what he was, but then again, he's never seen a gravestone that accurately represented anyone's life.
He lies down on the bed, pulling the comforter back over his stomach. “Weren’t you planning to give that to Sara, when she’s older?”
“Have you found any strange or unusual markings on your body?” He changes the subject abruptly. “A handprint, perhaps?”
Michael nods numbly. It’s nothing he didn’t expect, but hearing it confirmed is… different. “Okay. And you think something different?”
And, standing behind him, Castiel – definitely not related, a round face with a cleft chin and an impassive expression, crow’s feet at the corners of his eyes, arms crossed.
"It doesn't matter," grumbles Cas. "I'm gonna be able to heal myself in a few days anyways, so I don't need to be careful." Dean rolls his eyes.
"Yeah, uh, no problem, man." They're both silent as Dean finishes his task and stands up. "Um, okay, you can go in the bathroom and get changed now if you want. I'll wait for you in the car."
"Why would I- oh, son of a bitch." As the realization hits him, he gets up and speeds to the bathroom, looking in the mirror to find his neck is covered in purple marks. With sagging shoulders, Dean trudges back to the bedroom and grabs his phone. "I guess I'll order a pizza for breakfast. Bastard," he grumbles. Cas just smiles.
"I will not confirm or deny that statement." The hunter huffs grumpily, glaring at Castiel, and the other man just gives a tiny half-smile. "I don't think I have any good stories to tell you. But I'd like to hear more of yours, if you don't mind," Cas says uncertainly. Dean grins.
"Wait!" Dean freezes. "Can I hold your hand while you do it?" He nods silently, and holds out his left hand for Cas. The angel takes it, his grip weak.
"What the hell, man?" Cas tilts his head and narrows his eyes, glancing back and forth between Dean's flushed face and the pillow hiding his crotch. "Dude, you can't just keep showing up. You could turn up at a really bad time. Like now."
"He should never have laid a hand on you," he growls. "If it were not against your wishes, I would smite him in a second."
"Do what you want, Dean," he says, gesturing toward his t-shirt. His t-shirt that has to come off for Dean to change his bandages, and that Cas is making no attempt to remove himself. Dean swallows.
he thinks. All the same, he sulks the entire time he's packing his stuff up. As soon as he started getting close to Cas, he was alone again. He sighs, walking out to the impala, bag in hand.
The man is fast asleep, with several beer bottles scattered around him. Dean takes a deep breath, then sneaks back up to his room.
"It went good. I trapped him, then I stabbed him. Pretty straightforward gig." Sam nods looking back down at his book. "You should've seen the look on the dude's face when I lit that holy fire. Priceless. I mean, talk about divine rage." The younger hunter lets out a snort of amusement, while Dean recalls the pure fury in Castiel's eyes.
"Alright. But I expect you to tell me all about your hunt tomorrow." Dean swallows, then gives a nod, knowing he'll have to come up with a believable story to fool his father.
"It's not that part," he mumbles. Cas eyes him curiously, and Dean looks away. "Look. The reason I called out your name while I was jerking off is because I was thinking about you, okay? And when I was a teenager, I had this friend, Lee. Well, we were friends with benefits, if you get my meaning. But one time my dad caught me kissing him. Just kissing. We weren't even doing anything sexual, and he... well..."
Dean has never been a fan of his father's friends. They're bossy and patronizing, and seem to think that he should become a carbon copy of John, and when he has differing opinions from them, they get upset way too quickly. That's why when John has his buddies over, Dean usually heads out to a bar, or maybe do some hunting if he's able to find a case.
Dean bent down and kissed him greedily, the hunger consuming him. He heard Cas groan, the lust in his voice sending shock waves through to his cock. Dean hummed appreciatively. Without breaking the hungry kiss, he reached down and slowly undid Cas's slacks. He broke the kiss, instantly missing the loss of those warm lips, and stared into the depths of Cas's eyes, sending a silent question. He wanted to make sure he was okay with this, that he was one hundred percent sure, because if there was even a sliver of doubt, they could end this right here and now. Cas, however, was looking at him with such need and want that it made Dean shake with his own need.
He forces his eyes open, ignoring the initial stinging and glances at the woman that's coming towards him. She's beautiful. All blonde hair, big boobs, and long legs. But he ignores that and concentrates on the evil smile on her red lips. Because she's not human, far from it and he's her prisoner.
“Fuck, Cas...” Cas smiled, his other hand reaching to his Dean's cock, pumping it in time with his fingers. “Cas, shit. That's so good.” His skin tingled, his heart hammered, his mouth dry, his breaths coming in short bursts. This felt so amazing, better than anything he'd ever felt before. Why had he been so apprehensive about this? It didn't seem to make sense any more.
His finger grazed down Cas's stubble, his touch feather light. They came to a stop at the bottom of his jaw. Now he could be happy. This was Cas. He was alive. He was still here. He hadn't left him all alone. He shuddered at that thought, shuddered at what could have been.
“Because you haven't got any contacts. All the angels hate you, remember?” Dean tries to keep the venom from his voice. It doesn't work and Cas recoils away from it, his face scrunching up in pain. The guilt swarms his insides and he pushes it down before it can gets its claws in deep.
Cas shook his head, eyes closing. Dean watched in awe as the angel opened them with frustration. “Not that, the other thing.”
When it became obvious that he wasn't going to return, he hung his head in shame as the sharp bite of pain ricocheted throughout his chest. “Cas? I didn't want to do this through prayer. Hell, I don't even know if you're listening to me right now.” His body started shaking as the tears came fast and quiet down his flushed cheeks. He fell to his knees, holding his hands in front of him, watching with fascination as they shook. He heaved in a shuddering breath. “I need you to know. I love you, Cas, and I'm waiting for you to return, if you decide you want to return. If you decide that you don't want to...” The words sliced through is already shattered heart and he forced himself to continue. “Please, just let me know you're okay, that you're safe. If you don't want to see me, then just tell Sam. I need to know you're okay.”
Dean shook his head in protest, he didn't want his bed, he wanted Cas. But Cas heaved him off the floor, dragged him across the room and placed him gently under the covers. He turned to leave and Dean reached out to grip his wrist again, panic overpowering him.
“I'm not sure. It was only suppose to be a couple of demons. But… he went for food and I haven't seen him since.” He takes a deep breath, trying to push the panic down. Now that he's spoken the words it makes it more real and he's unsure how he should handle that.
His release came. He squirted hard and fast into the condom. His heart was beating erratically, his breaths came fast and a moan slipped past his lips. When he had finally stopped, he pulled out of the girl. She was smiling a satisfied smile. He returned it. Dean slid off the condom and tied it, while she pulled up her jeans. He followed suit. Before he could stop her, she placed a kiss on his wet lips and hummed. She thanked him and he watched as she purposefully walked out of the alley.
Was he really going to avoid this? Anger rippled through him as he narrowed his eyes, shrugging off the hand. Dean's eyes widened in shock. “I wasn't thinking about that,” Castiel spat at him. How dare he ignore this? There was no way they could go back to being what they were before, surely he must know that. He must have an incline, even if it is just a small amount.
Castiel took a step towards him. “I have done nothing but help you. I have done nothing but try to be understanding with the dangerous decisions you have made. Why can't you do the same for me?” Dean didn't answer, didn't look like he was going to either. The anger that had been rising within started to burn furiously through his veins. “Answer me,” he finally bellowed.
He stayed quiet though, unsure of what was going on. He could practically feel the rage pouring off him and when Dean was like this, there was no reasoning with him. He wondered what had caused this, but he was a little scared to ask, afraid of what that answer might bring.
The images pushed forward again. The same ones he had gotten off to and he instantly felt his cock twitch in arousal. Shit. This feeling wasn't going away any time soon.
He ran a hand down his face, trying to scrub away the sudden tiredness that had overtaken him. He couldn't remember when he'd last slept and with all this emotional turmoil rolling around his head, he felt like he was ready to collapse.
Cas couldn't stomach this any more. He couldn't hold his tongue. He knew this was a bad idea, knew he should leave it alone but he couldn't. Something in him just snapped. “What makes you so sure she was lying?”
“Cas, wait!” He saw the billowing trench coat disappear as it rounded the corner, and for a moment Dean hoped that he will see that messy black hair appear, but it didn't. “Cas!”
Dean looked up and froze, his hand hovering above a duffel bag, holding one of Cas's t-shirts. Even though he doesn't have a need for them any more, Dean had insisted that it would be more comfortable to lie in bed with and Cas had to agree. It was more comfortable. “What's wrong?” He heard the way Dean's voice shook a little. No one else would have caught it, not even Sam, but he did.
“Come on, we need to keep moving.” Before Cas could reply, he was already moving around the car to the drivers side and climbing in. As he started the engine again he heard the back door go and knew Cas was now back in his seat.
Slowly, he pulled himself to a sitting position, feeling his bones creak from the lack of movement. He rubbed a hand down his face and glanced at the angel again. He felt the grief consuming him, taking his breath away. How was he suppose to go on without him? He'd already done this once, already grieved for him, but this time was worse, this time he had him to lose.
Dean dropped his arms and glanced at the open bag that held Cas's belongings. When he looked up again, his eyes had softened. “Yeah. You need to go with them. Sam can't handle Jack alone if he loses control again.”
Cas moved cautiously, covering the distance between the doorway and the bed. He stopped at the bed, his eyes narrowing in on him. He wilted under that penetrating stare, under those steely blue eyes. They were accusing Dean of something, what, he didn't know. He'd fucked up so many times in the past few months.
Cas just stared, doubt clouding his features. Dean didn't know what he was doubting exactly, he just hoped Cas would get the message. Eventually, Cas nodded and he moved towards Sam. Dean allowed a shaky breath to leave his body and moved to help Cas.
It was early morning when Dean pulled the Impala into a motel car park and Castiel almost sighed in relief. He didn't know how he managed to stifle it, but he was glad he did. Yet again, he didn't want to alert Dean to the pain he was in. He climbed out of the car quickly, wanting to escape the tension from within. Sam followed, stretching and yawning, having woken up only ten minutes ago. Dean climbed out after, completely blanked the both of them and moved to the reception area of the motel.
A small rush of purpose flew through him and he shifted again. He needed to do this. Not just for him but for Cas as well. But how to start. He stood up, flexed his hands, pacing the length of the bed. His mind going a hundred miles an hour with a thousand ways to start that particular conversation. Everything he came up with just didn't sound right.
Sam feels his smile widen as he claps the demon on the shoulder. “On the contrary, it can be a very good thing.” He takes a step back and addresses the rest of the room, while the demon goes back to formation. “This meat suit I'm wearing, Sam Winchester, knows a lot of things, some very interesting things, things I'm going to use to my advantage. When I'm through, Dean Winchester is going to wish I will just hurry up and kill him. He will be so full of self-hatred. He will never be able to look at his family and his friends in the eye again.”
Curiously, he followed his eye line and froze. His heart stopped, his blood ran cold because what he was seeing couldn't be possible. Could it? Even if it wasn't possible, he could feel the relief and the hope sink back into his system. He felt his heart start beating again.
With a heavy heart, he slowly pulled himself off the floor and shuffled back into the bunker. Sam was sitting at the library table and Dean completely ignored him, not wanting to discuss anything yet. Instead he headed for his room. Once there, he fell, literally, on to his bed, burying his face into the pillow. The tears started to come faster, the sobs pushed up from his chest. Not able to hold them in any more, he finally let out an almighty yell that was muffled by the pillow.
He hangs up the phone, and looks around the empty hotel room. What's he suppose to do now? He glances around, catches sight of Sam's laptop on the table and rushes towards it, almost tripping over his feet. He pushes open the lid and starts typing. He doesn't know what he's looking for but he can't sit there and do nothing. It makes him feel sick as he thinks about what his brother would say seeing him sat there, using his things. It makes him sick because Sam isn't there to reprimand him about it, isn't there to give him a bitch face like he's a small child doing something incredibly wrong.
“We're not sure. We need to figure it out, somehow,” Sam replied, crossing his arms. Castiel knew it was a defensive posture. He didn't like Dean questioning him.
Dean didn't know how long it had been since Sam left, since his whole world crumbled before him. He didn't really care either. Finding Jack, saving his Mom, helping Sam, none of it seemed important any more.
It catches a glimpse of itself in a reflection and if it had eyebrows like this human, it would frown. It has never seen itself before, never had the occasion to. It notices its like liquid. Black, swirling liquid. Its fascinating.
He stared into those amazing blue eyes. They were worried, concerned. Cas wasn't looking at his eyes, they were trained on his broken hand. His breathing came back to normal, but the pain in he chest was still there, taunting him. He tried to hide the damage, but the sudden movement sent shocks up his arm and he winced from it.
As Dean watched his brother drive off, he felt his his heart pick up speed, his nerves were starting to get the better of him. He knew what he wanted, no matter how angry he was at Cas, he knew what he was willing to forgive, he knew that no matter what, he wanted him still. After feeling the excruciating pain of his death, he knew he never wanted to be without him again. Yes, he knew all this, but what he didn't know was what Cas wanted. Did he still want him? Did he still think this was a good idea? After everything that had happened, there was a serious possibility that he didn't want to go there again, and knowing the angel like he did, it would be because he wanted to protect him. Cas was a stubborn son of a bitch, and if he had set his mind on protecting Dean, there would be nothing that would change his mind.
Dean had to agree with him, he really did, but he was willing to have this, it was better than nothing. “So...” He licked his dry lips as terror filled him to the brim. He was terrified of the answer, terrified of his heart breaking all over again, terrified of being that broken shell of a man again. “So, you're leaving?”
Dean finally pushed away, opening his eyes. The love he felt spilling from him was intoxicating and Cas sucked in a sharp breath. “Beer.” Dean murmured, walking backwards. Castiel watched as his eyes darted to his brother and they narrowed slightly. “Don't make demands to me, Sammy.” Then he was gone.
It only rings once before Cas answers and Dean sighs with relief, feeling instantly calm at the sound of his usual gruff voice in his ear. How does he manage to do this to him every time? He shakes his head, ridding these thoughts from his mind. He needs to think of one thing only, noting more and nothing less. “Cas. I need your help. Sam's missing. I can't find him, anywhere. I think demons have him.”
Dean's eyes sprang open, determination set. Cas gulped, hoping that Dean would get the message. But of course, he didn't. Once he got something in his head, he refused to let it go. That was just one of the many qualities that he loved about the man. Reaching up, Dean cupped his face. His hand was warm and Cas found himself leaning ever so gently into the touch, needing the comfort of it. But somehow he seemed to crave so much more. This closeness wasn't enough, it would never be enough.
Then he was left feeling empty, so very empty. He watched as Cas slicked up his cock. Panic started to set in again, but he pushed it down. He could do this. What they had just done felt so good, he knew this would as well… eventually.
Dean shook his head again and closed his eyes. Castiel itched to move closer to him, to comfort him but he couldn't. He opened his mouth to say that he understood and he would leave immediately but Dean spoke first. “I don't know why. I can't come up with any reasons behind it.” He looked up at Cas, confusion and anguish written in his green eyes. “I don't want you to get your hopes up. I don't even know what it means. But… it hurt. I'd never felt anything like it.”
The tears came freely, flowing fast and hot. Cas didn't turn, didn't look at him and that just made the tears come even faster. “Do what?”
But his brain was starting to catch up. There was a very real threat, coming to destroy his angel, maybe them all. He needed to get his head back in the game, now. He pulled back and pressed his forehead against Cas's, his eyes opening to latch onto blue. “Don't you
How long had it been? Four, five hours? Dean looked so peaceful, more peaceful than he'd ever seen him in sleep before. His heart swelled at the sight, knowing that Cas had something to do with his contentment.
Please tell me what you thought. I would love to know. Plus I want to know what you think will happen next. I know its kind of a given. But do you think Dean will go through with it? If he does, who do you think will top and who will bottom? Will there be foreplay? If they do go through with it how do you think they will both react to it? Will there be awkwardness? Or will they just finally be happy?
His nerves were set on fire as he stared at the trench coat clad back. He was really there. He was really alive. Dean was acutely aware of his brother standing behind him, but he couldn't think about him. No, all he could think about was the angel stood in front of him, alive and well. A part of him thought that this was a trick, nothing but a cruel joke. A bigger part of him hoped that this was his angel.
It had been two days since their little chat in the library. There was no more avoidance. They chatted, they laughed, they kissed, they were happy. Or at least Dean was, and from the look of it, so was Cas, he hoped anyway.
He felt Dean's hand rub up and down his back and he pushed the side of his head into his temple. “I'm sorry. I'm so fucking sorry, Cas. I didn't mean to do this to you.”
Another honk of the car and Dean glowered. He placed one tiny kiss upon his lips and put some distance between them. He looked through the passenger window just as another honk sounded. “We get the fucking picture, Sam.”
“Not to me.” He took a step towards him, his eyes darting across the angels face, taking in every line, every twitch, every inch of his features.
Of course. This didn't mean anything. They still had their own responsibilities. So of course Cas had to leave. Cas was leaving. For how long? Would it be days or weeks before he saw him again? He felt the pain reach inside him and twist painfully.
The scream tore up from the darkest depths of his stomach, up through his chest, past his frantically beating heart, up through his throat and out his mouth, into the warehouse as the angel blade came down in a swiping motion.
Cas squeezed his hand back, a reassuring gesture that instantly calmed Dean. He was here and alive, whatever came next, they could deal with together.
He felt Cas's body over his again and Dean sucked in a sharp breath, awaiting for the pressure down below. All he could hear was Cas's heavy breathing, all he could feel was the gentle caress of his cheek. He wanted to open his eyes, wanted to look deep within Cas and see the love for him, but he couldn't, all he could concentrate on was the prodding of the erection between his ass cheeks.
Late into the evening on the second day, Sam had announced that he was doing a food run and gave Castiel direct orders to not visit Dean because he could do without the added stress. Cas could get behind that, of course he could, Dean's health came first, always did, always would.
Dean's mouth was open now, pure shock written in his eyes. Cas had sworn, which Dean had never heard him do before. He had shocked himself at his outburst but he just couldn't deal with these emotions any more. An explosion of anger erupted from him and he screamed as he threw his duffel bag across the room, crashing into the desk, sending everything spiralling to the floor. This is how Dean was suppose to act, not him. He had always managed to keep his emotions under-wraps. But he couldn't do it any more. He gripped his hair tightly and closed his eyes as he slid down the door. The tears were pouring down his cheeks, but he paid them no mind. He just needed this pain to stop, he needed Dean to tell him to stay, he needed Dean to say he needed him too.
He fell to his knees as he took in the sight of Cas's dead body on the floor. Never again would he hear that gruff voice that made his stomach twist in delicious ways. Never again would he see that playful smirk that made Dean offer a smile of his own. Never again. Regret started to fill him. He'd wanted to tell him one more time that he loved him, wanted to kiss him one more time. Why didn't he? He will never get that chance again. Never.
The silence is piercing. Not a single demon is willing to break it. Sam can only assume that the demon inside of him has just been told something and nobody is sure how she is taking it. He does the only thing he can think of, he zones in on the demon's feelings, emotions. Is she happy? Angry? This is one advantage he has that the other demons don't.
He closed his eyes as the memories bombarded his mind. The memory of how he felt being surrounded by all that was Cas, how tight he was. As much as he tried to tell himself that it was just sex, he couldn't help but feel the emotions push forward, couldn't help how he felt. But Cas stopped it. Cas didn't want it. But listening to him pour his heart out, Dean knew he should have just told him. Should have laid everything out. Should have made him understand why it had to be that way. But he couldn't bring himself to. Then Cas had said those dreaded words. But that wasn't what had shocked Dean so much. No, its what he'd said after. He would still be there for him, would still be his friend, would do anything for him, even after his heart had gotten ripped to shreds.
After a few moments, the angel shook his head and took a step back. “I'm fine, Dean,” he sighed, reaching down to take the keys. Dean's hand jolted as the electricity hit his skin, tingling up his arm as Cas's fingers brushed his. He sucked in a sharp breath, looking down at their touching hands. When he looked back up at Cas, he noticed Cas was staring with so much need and want that Dean stumbled back from the force of it. No, he couldn't believe it. Cas didn't want him that way. He was an angel for Christ's sake. Dean watched as pain flared in those amazing eyes and Dean's heart constricted again. What the fuck? He shouldn't feel bad for that. This, whatever this was, was dangerous territory.
with him, would have given him the biggest bitch face he could muster. Cas isn't like that. The angel knows all of Dean's demons, knows how he struggles with the weight of the world every day. Cas wouldn't judge him, but he is most likely showing his concern for him. Dean doesn't think he can deal with that, so he keeps his eyes firmly averted to his twisted fingers in his lap.
The earth shook, making the human go off balance. It glanced around and noticed that everything was shaking with it. It felt a jolt of electricity shoot through its arms as rocks tumbled from the hillside, as car horns started beeping in the distant, as screams could be heard. The whole earth was literally shaking. The electricity felt like a tickle, not that it knows what a tickle feels like, but it removed its hand and the earth suddenly stopped.
He sighed as he heard the motel door open and close softly. He knew it was Sam. Dean wouldn't come to him, he wouldn't be ready to see him yet. He closed is eyes against the onslaught of emotions he was feeling, not wanting Sam to see him so vulnerable and exposed like this. He'd already told Sam what he was doing, why he was doing it and Dean's reaction. Dean would be really furious if he found out he'd told Sam but he knew Dean would need someone to understand his emotions, he would need someone to talk to when the time came. Sam tried to be soothing and understanding as best as he could be, being stuck between the two. He changed the subject pretty quickly, telling him about Jack.
He watched as Cas took a step back, his mouth hanging open. Dean watched as Cas rubbed at his chest. His heart was falling apart, again, and Dean was witnessing it turn to ashes. Cas nodded once and walked out of the bunker. Dean didn't know what to do? Should he go after him? Try to make him understand? Or should he find some good whisky and just get pissed as fuck?
“Who are they? And where can I find them?” he asked, the urgency clear in his gruff voice. He was struggling to contain the fear and Naomi could sense it. He could tell by the pitying look in her cold, dark eyes.
But he wasn't heartbroken. He couldn't be. He wasn't in love. This isn't love. There is no way this is love.
Dean stood abruptly, almost knocking Castiel back off his feet. He watched as Dean moved away from him, keeping his back to him. Castiel slowly stood, not allowing his gaze to waver, but still allowing Dean his space. Dean had to come back to him on his own terms, that's how this needed to work.
Dean pulled away first and reached up to stroke the tears away again. “I need you just as much, you know that right?”
No matter what, he was not going to have any conversation about what had just happened. This wasn't going to turn into anything.
Quickly, he moved to the edge of the bed, not allowing the nausea and the dizziness to take control just yet. “Please, don't go. I can't… I can't do this any more.”
“Dean.” He didn't know what he was going to say, he didn't know how he wanted that one word word to sound. But it sounded like a warning, like he didn't want Dean to go there. Of course he didn't want that. He wanted to just lie there, enjoying these precious moments he got to spend with the only person he ever loved. He didn't know how long it would be till he would be forced to leave again, and he just wanted to savour every moment, every look, every touch.
Bottom line was there was a hell of a difference between could and would. Could he live with things if Cas walked away? He didn't think he could. Not only would he be denying himself of that happiness, he would be robbing Cas of his as well. Nothing was set in stone. There was no guarantee's what would happen. If he did this, he would be taking a huge leap of faith. But isn't that what love is?
Cas's smile widened, if that was even possible. “I think you just proved to me you weren't going to run again. You could feel the need and instead of following it blindly, you told me, allowed me to help you stay. I'm so proud of you, Dean.”
“Thinking?” Astonishment runs through Dean's veins as he tries to catch Cas's eyes. He fails. “Thinking about what? What could possibly be more important than finding Sam?” He's not angry, even if he is a bit snappy, he's more confused than anything. Helping them is what Cas does, he loves to help, so for him to tell him he'd been thinking instead… it must be something big.
Cas rolled his eyes and Dean immediately remembered he should be watching the road. He swung his gaze back to the darkness ahead and waited a reply. “I'm angry, Dean. I still think I should have gone on ahead. This is too slow, and time is of the essence.”
Please comment and let me know what you think. They always mean so much to me. Thank you to all those who have commented, followed, liked etc already. I hope it was worth the wait.
In a way this made him angry and frustrated. He'd promised himself that he was going to make him regret his feelings for him, to wish that he had never fallen in love with him. But when he'd seen Cas for the first time since he'd made that decision, he had been taken off guard by the emotionless expression on his face. It reminded him of when they'd first met. When he was still tied to heaven. When he still followed heaven's orders.
“You have me, Dean.” His voice was raspy, full of emotion. Castiel knew that was okay though, knew that Dean would accept whatever emotion Castiel needed to show. Dean shook his head. He closed his eyes, banged the back of his head against the door softly and groaned. Castiel was confused. Is that not what Dean needed to know? Isn't that not what he wanted to hear? “Dean?”
Dean is singing along, the words getting lost in the space between them. He grins, a full ear to ear grin. He has no idea where they're going and he can't bring himself to care. He enjoys the sounds that assaults his ears, enjoys the rumble of the engine beneath him, and he enjoys the warm sunshine on his skin.
“I broke his heart? How about all the other times that you don't know about?” He was angry, so very angry at the way Sam kept looking at him, like he was the enemy. How dare he judge him so quickly, especially when he didn't know the whole story. “That was my last straw and I had no choice to walk out. I was trying to protect myself.”
wanted to so much to lean forward and kiss him, to taste him, to hold him close. He held back, knowing there were a few things he needed to say first, a few things that they both needed to discuss. “I owe you an apology.”
He felt a presence kneel in front of him, but he couldn't focus on them, couldn't focus on anything that wasn't his own pain and exhaustion. Yes, he was so tired of all this, so very tired. Some part of him wanted to forget, forget about Dean and these feelings. Sometimes he wished he was still an angel soldier, when things were so much simpler. But even as he thought that, he didn't really want that. He would never give this up. Not his free will, not his friends and certainly not the feelings for Dean.
He watched Cas's eyes widen as he sucked in a sharp breath. Neither said anything and Dean felt the panic swirl within him. The urge to move away from the man above him sent the panic into overdrive. He was trapped beneath a man, trapped and vulnerable and exposed. He needed to gain the upper hand, he needed the control back. Cas didn't say anything. True he hadn't rejected his confession, but he hadn't exactly said it back. Dean's mind went full throttle with doubt. What if Cas wasn't ready to hear that?
“We don't mind, Cas,” Dean added. His voice croaked from the bottled up arousal. He cursed himself internally. Could he be any more obvious? He glanced at his brother. He hadn't noticed and neither had Cas, so it appeared.
When it was clear to Sam that he wasn't going to elaborate, he spoke in a hushed, cautious voice. “Should he be sleeping?”
“Because...” He took in a deep breath and stared Cas right in the eye. He could do it. He could do it. He could do it. “Because I love you.”
He waits, holding his breath. He knows Cas will pull through for him, its like its in his basic nature or something. He likes that about Cas, likes how he knows when Dean really does need his help, because Dean doesn't ask for it very often. “What happened?” His voice comes out rushed, as though he can't get the words out fast enough.
Dean furrowed his brows in confusion for a moment. Then it clicked. His heart sped up and his breaths were coming fast. Cas was continuing their conversation. He flicked his eyes to his brother nervously. Cas glanced over his shoulder at Sam, who was standing with wide eyes, his mouth clamped shut in disapproval.
It stood and watched as the last of the light went out from the symbol. Breathing a sigh of relief, it moved onto the next one. There weren't many left now. Just a few more. But the most powerful one of the lot is yet to come. It knows it has the power to destroy it, but that was before it used so much power on the others. Regret fills it to the brim. It should have done that one first. A silly mistake, a human mistake.
For a long moment neither said anything and just as Castiel turned to leave again, he heard it. It was barely a whisper but he'd hurt it and that's when the hope rose again.
“Yes. At first I thought Castiel being here might have been a problem to my plans. But, in fact, I can work with it. Because when I'm through, Castiel is going to want to be as far away from Dean Winchester as possible.”
It really scared him the way Cas was so in tune with him sometimes. He took in a deep breath. He hated voicing his thoughts, hated voicing his feelings, but Cas was pleading with his puppy dog eyes. If he was to gain Cas's trust again, he had to start with being honest and open with him.
He reached up, his head leaving the pillow, placing a hungry kiss on Cas's lips, his tongue slipping inside. Cas gasped in surprise. Then he pushed against Cas's shoulders, rolling them over so that Dean was on top. Cas pulled back, shock and lust filling his eyes. Dean smirked. In one movement he sunk down onto his cock. His mouth fell open at the burn, his insides were on fire. He closed his eyes against it, swallowing thickly. Cas moaned in pleasure and that was enough to snap his eyes open again. He held still, hoping that this feeling would disappear soon. Cas gripped his hips and Dean knew that he was trying to keep a hold of his restraint.
After Dean followed, Sam started to explain what Castiel had told him. Dean's eyes widened slightly, darting from one person to the next. “Well, that's a load of crap. You can't seriously believe the bitch, Cas.”
Dean leaned forward and pressed their lips together and Cas hummed into it, loving the feeling of those plump lips against his. He would never tire of this feeling. But all too soon, Dean pulled away and stepped back. “Come on,” he said, “we still have a lot of packing to do. Come help.”
Just before the darkness engulfed him, he saw his brother's eyes widen. He knew what was happening. Years of practice had alerted him to the signs. He watched with slight horror as Sam shoved his way past Cas, knocking him sideways, darting towards him, yelling his name.
“Sorry.” Dean avoided his brother's eyes. He hated any touchy-feely conversations, but he needed to do this, for Sam. “Sorry for busting your lip.”
A white glow emanated from his palm as he felt his grace ignite, healing Dean's hand. Dean gasped in pain and when Castiel glanced into those gorgeous eyes, he felt his his heart constrict painfully. Dean was hurting. Not physically but emotionally. He wanted nothing more to ease his pain, wanting to take it all away. Dean had been through enough over his lifetime, he didn't need anything more added to it.
“Dean, stop.” His voice was croaky, full of tears and he found himself choking back a sob. He couldn't have Dean the way he needed to and it hurt, it cut him deep and he wanted nothing more to get away from this situation, to get away from the hunter.
He runs to the road and looks up and down it. There is no other wreckage, nothing to give a reason why the car should have crashed. He frowns and shouts out for his brother again.
The steam from the shower filled the bathroom, making it difficult to see anything. The hot water cascaded down upon his naked form, water rolling down his ribbed body. Dean had no idea how long he'd been in the shower for, but by the look of his wrinkled fingers, he could hazard a guess that it had been a while. The water was soothing and he tried his best to ignore the memory of what had just happened. The embarrassment and humiliation of it. His brother had been sat right there. What the hell had he been thinking? He hadn't, not really. His mind had been completely focused on Cas, focused on the panic that had been consuming him, focused on the fear of losing yet somebody else.
Finally he pulled up to the bunker. Cas was out before Dean had come to a full stop. Confusion swelled. He can't be hurt by this. If Dean kept thinking that, over and over again, maybe, just maybe he could convince himself that it was true. But deep down he knew it wasn't.
They finally made it to Dean's room. Castiel glanced at the guns that littered the wall as he let go of Dean's hand, reluctantly. His eyes swept across the desk, the pictures, the bed. He heard the soft click of the door. He knew what he needed to do and the jolt of the pain at the thought made him feel sick. He didn't want to do it. He didn't want to risk Dean accepting this solely for him. He slowly turned around. His eyes caught Dean's green ones, the were full of worry as he leant casually against the door, his arms folded and his one foot firmly planted against the wooden door.
But there was nothing. Nothing that was worth a drive. Maybe he was doing it wrong. Finding a case was usually his brother's job, he'd always gotten the better results. He sighed again, thinking about that drink he so desperately wanted. Yet again, he closed his eyes, trying to will the urge away.
He snaps his head to where he thought he saw a movement in the shadows. But there's nothing there now. He looks to his other side, but there's nothing. Panic is slowly starting to push forward and he tries to stamp it out. There is no room for panic here. He has to be smart, he has to be willing to do anything to get out of here alive.
“You do.” Cas's eyes widened, unsure of what he was talking about. Dean took a deep breath. “You deserve to be happy. Time and time again you've come to our rescue, without another thought for yourself. You've given up everything for us. But… You deserve more, more than me.”
Then Dean was crowding him, kissing him again. He could feel the hard press of his body against his, could feel the bulge in Dean's jeans as he pressed firmly against him. He felt dizzy, felt intoxicated from the feel of him and it confused him for a moment, leaving him wondering how such a human thing could make him feel like this. But he pushed it to the back of his mind as Dean leant up, the devilish glint in his eyes gone, replaced by softness and love.
The hospital smelled of the sick and the dying. Machines beeped, people talked, doctors rushed around. Sam was hunched on a chair in the waiting room. His eyes puffy and red. No! Dean can't be dead. Not now. Not after…
Dean's hand was cold. Gripping it tighter, he couldn't hold it back no more. “Come back to me,” he whispered unaware of Sam's penetrating wide-eyed look. “Please, you can't leave me like this.” Another tear. He was really getting sick of all these tears. “Dean?” His voice turned croaky, thick with the pain he was feeling. Leaning his head on the hunter's arms, he finally allowed the sobs to rack his body, he finally lost control.
It took a step back, and squinted harder at the door. Deciding that using its powers might be a good idea, it zoned in on the door and instantly spotted what it hadn't before. There are many, many sigils dotted around the entire area, not just the place it had touched. It had never seen or felt anything quite like this before, but it smiled all the same.
The smell wasn't like anything he'd ever smelt before. It smelt of rotting flesh, fire, dirty water and smelly socks all rolled into one. He fought the urge to gag as it hit his nose. Instead, he closed his eyes and clamped his mouth shut, trying to hold the stench off. When he felt brave enough to open his eyes again, the first thing he noticed was his brother pointing the gun towards them. The sight of it sent a small sliver of hope running through him, but he pushed it away. The gun would be useless. It would probably kill him long before it did any damage to this creature.
“Still no luck, Cas?” Sam voice was soft and gentle. Dean rolled his eyes at it. Why did Sam always do that? Why did he have to make everything such a big fucking deal? Just ask the question like a normal person, that's all he needed to do.
He watched with wide, disbelieving eyes as Cas slowly turned to face them. Dean's heart hammered in his chest as he took in every feature, every movement. Cas looked shameful, as though he knew he'd done wrong by Dean. There was a little hope in those big, blue eyes of his. He didn't know what the angel was hoping for. Forgiveness, maybe?
It had been three weeks since the conversation in the motel parking lot. The angel had been dealt with, but more had popped up. It seemed there was a whole group of them trying to get their attention. Trying to get Cas's attention. This worried Dean. He worried for his best friend. What if he was hurt again, or worse, died again. Dean needed him and he couldn't imagine not having him there.
Cas finally moves from the wall and for a moment Dean thought he would come over there and start beating the shit into him. He cowers back slightly, afraid of what Cas would d.
Dean rubs a hand across his face, releasing the tension there. “Sorry. Its just… you're right. I don't know but its not a risk I wanna take. Sam's missing and I can't… I just can't lose you, too.”
He could feel Dean tense, could feel that he was close, so Cas started pushing into him, moving his own hips in time with Dean, needing to bring it on, needing to feel Dean reach his end. He could feel himself getting closer. He both dreaded it and welcomed it.
Castiel tried to wriggle free, try to get the upper hand, but with the pain in his head and his vision blurry, there wasn't much he could do. He didn't know how many attackers there were, through the haze he could only see two, but there could be more behind. He tried to swivel his head around to get a better look. It was impossible. The angels seemed to be dragging him for ages, but Castiel guessed it was only a few minuets. Eventually they released his arms and in the distant he could hear a female voice. There was no way he could tell what she was saying, not through the ringing in his ears. He tried to move, tried to get a better look, needing to see how many angels he would be up against. But before he had a chance, hands grabbed him again, gripping and pulling everywhere. He groaned through gritted teeth, kicking his legs out, thrashing his arms, trying to find a target, but it was useless. They had him firmly. He felt the wind rush past his face as they hoisted him up, shackling his wrists above his head. His feet barely touched the floor. Looking up he found his vision was returning to normal. There were four angels that he could see. That was good. Better than he was expecting.
Cas took that as a sign to start moving. Slowly, he pulled out, leaving just the tip inside and then he thrust home, making Dean yelp as the pleasure coursed through him, making his cock twitch. Another thrust, and another, and another. Grunts and moans were the only sounds in the car, sweat dripped from their heated bodies. Dean gripped Cas's back. “Faster, Cas.”
As much as he wanted to initiate Cas into a conversation, to ask him if he was okay, he kept his mouth tightly shut, giving Cas the space he needed for the moment. When Cas finally turned back around, his eyes were cautious. He stared into Dean's eyes and Dean gulped past the lump in his throat. Perhaps there was no way to get past this. Perhaps this was the end and the sooner they both realised it the better. But he didn't want it to be the end. He needed Cas so much and he hoped that Cas needed him too.
Cas starts to look shifty again which doesn't help Dean's anger problems. “I don't think that's a good idea.”
Anger started to swim through his body as he narrowed his eyes. What the did he think this was? What the hell did he think he couldn't do? He placed his hands on the man's chest and for a brief moment, he felt calmed by the feel of the hunters heart beat against his hand. Then he shoved. He didn't use his angelic strength, the purpose wasn't to hurt the man, just to shock him. Dean's eyes widened as he stumbled back. Castiel didn't want him anywhere near him. He knew that as soon as he allowed any kind of contact, he would succumb to this need inside him and he couldn't do it.
As he walked back towards the motel that his brother was staying at, his mind went round in circles, picturing every little thing, processing every word. He froze in mid-step as the look in Cas's eyes pushed forward. He'd told Dean he couldn't go there again. But it was that stupid look.
He placed a gentle kiss upon Cas's lips and then he pulled back and he smiled again. “That could only mean one thing.”
“Be out in a minute.” Before the last word was out of his mouth, Cas was pulling away, moving out of his embrace. He didn't want him to leave.
“Cas, you sure you're ready to go up against another angel so soon?” Dean asked. He made sure to lace his voice with as much concern as he could, hoping the angel picked up on just how much he still cared and this revelation didn't have to change anything.
Dean felt his heart pounding in his chest as his breaths started to come faster and faster. Cas was moving his hips, rubbing the two cocks together, slowly and experimentally. “Cas...” he groaned with pleasure, it came out almost as a beg because he wanted, needed, so much more than this small friction.
Standing before them was young boy, blonde hair, pale skin, completely naked. That's not what shocked them though. It was the power that radiated from him, the golden glow in his eyes focusing on them. Rationality was what swam forth. This being before them was dangerous. He was Lucifer's son. He will eventually bring the destruction of the world. He will bring it to its knees in the worst possible ways. This creature must die.
Dean's eyes grew wide as the words echoed in his mind. “What?” his voice sounded vulnerable and exposed and he hated himself for that.
“Get him some pie, Sam. I'm sure he wouldn't be too tired to eat that.” Sam laughed at that and agreed. Castiel could feel Dean's eyes burning a hole through him, but he forced himself to keep his eyes glued to Sam. Sam walked out, shutting the door behind him. Eventually, Cas turned to face Dean who was still watching him.
He opened his mouth to say… something but froze as he watched the concern in Cas's eyes change to anguish. “I'm sorry.” It was barely a whisper but Dean had heard it as though he was shouting it at the top of his lungs.
But what to do now? He needed a drink… or ten. He slowly stood on shaky legs, gripping the wired fence to steady himself. He'd go and get plastered, pick up a nice girl, show her a good time and pretend that what he was feeling wasn't real, pretend that he hadn't made the biggest mistake of his life.
Cautiously, he reaches up to take the tub, their fingers brushing as he grips it. He pauses, waiting for Cas to release it, but he doesn't. And Dean can't hold back any more. Drifting his eyes upwards, he latches them onto Cas's face, and what he knew would happen actually happens. It feels like he's falling and his heart automatically speeds up, his breaths are coming out harsher than he would have liked. Cas isn't looking at him with judgement, just like he'd assumed, but he isn't looking at him with concern or pity or anything else. His eyes are soft, understanding. Of course, Cas understands where Dean has been for the past eight hours and he gets it.
“No. You don't need this.” Sam sounded exasperated, as though he'd said this over and over again, a million times if not more.
“Its a risk I can't take.” Cas's voice was pleading with him, begging him to understand and accept this decision. But he couldn't. He wasn't going to.
Not breaking the eye contact, he gently pushed his fingers past the waistband of Cas's boxers that was now visible. He felt the curls of the man's pubes and froze. He closed his eyes, took in the feel of the hair beneath his finger tips, took in the feel of Cas's breath across his heated cheeks, took in the pounding of his heart and the feel of his own cock pressing firmly into his own jeans.
There was no time to process his words. A loud explosion rang out, vibrating off the walls, ringing through his ears. Metal shards tumbled into the map room, as he placed his hands over his ears. His eyes scanned Sam and he noticed he was doing the same. Cas merely stood and watched, fear etched across his features.
Dean couldn't hold back the tears from tumbling now. Cas was wrong. So very wrong, in so many ways. He didn't deserve any of that. “It's not about deserving. I'm trying to protect you. This is for the best. Every bad, evil thing we come across… they will use this against us. I'm not just trying to save your life. I'm not just doing it for you. I'm...” Did he dare say it? Yes, he needed to be honest, with himself as much as with Cas. “I'm doing this for me.”
“I have learnt many things about you. I admit, my first initial goal was to simply kill you and leave, work done. But… now there are better ways to get my revenge on you. You will loathe the day you had awakened me, Castiel, angel of the Lord.”
“We can't kill it. Not only would it be almost impossible, but its the only thing keeping The Empty organised. If it dies...” He didn't need to say that he didn't know, but everyone knew it would be very bad, catastrophic even. “But there may be a way to send it back there.”
Without thinking it through, without thinking how stupid he was being, he surged forwards, towards the building. Only one thought echoing in his mind. Save Cas. Save Cas. Save Cas. He heard his brother whisper his name, scared, worried. But he ignored it. He had to make that sound stop.
Dean crosses his arms, trying to cage in the animal that wants to be let free. He hates not knowing, especially if he thinks he can help. “Tell me what's wrong and don't spare the details.”
Slowly, the angel bent down, his tan trench coat tightening across his back, picking up a red leather book from the middle of the pile. When he straightened again, he thumbed through it, flipping the pages. Dean felt his heart thud in his chest as Cas came back towards them at the other end of the library. Stopping at the table, he allowed the book to drop with a loud thud, not helping Dean's heart at all. Immediately, Sam ran to the book and opened it, his eyes bugging at the prospect of research. Dean rolled his eyes. Even when they were probably minutes from attack, his brother still managed to get excited over a little research.
He swallowed thickly, ignoring it. Putting his walls back up. Cas couldn't stay. Cas would never be able to stay. This was never going to work. Dean nodded his understanding, slowly shutting himself off from the pain that was threatening to swallow him whole. He rolled over and climbed out of bed, reaching for his boxers.
Castiel didn't feel anything. He was just saying it, that's all, to stop him from leaving for good. But Castiel didn't care. Dean had hurt him too many times to count and this has gone far enough. He slowly looked into those pleading eyes. He pushed that hand away, shocking Dean. “I don't know if I want to return.”
Cas's voice startled him enough to open them. He didn't see rejection like he thought he would. There was no relief at that though, because instead he saw just more sadness and more pain and more heart break. “You can't kiss me and expect everything to be fine. Tell me what's going on, Dean.”
Then his brain kicked into gear. Horrified at what just happened. He had what he wanted. A perfectly hot girl, pounding into her, then those images. He had gotten off to those images. He stumbled back into the wall, his back hitting hit hard, but he hardly felt the pain. His heart had started beating hard against his rib cage again, he could barely breath as the reality of what he'd done hit him full force. He'd come here to forget but he didn't. He couldn't.
“For loving me?” He couldn't have stopped himself saying those words even if he'd tried. They were out there now and there was no taking them back.
It was Cas's turn to reach up and touch his face, cupping his chin, keeping their eyes locked. “I'm sorry, Dean.” Dean could feel his heart break at those words. He wasn't denying it. Of course he was going to leave. Had he really expected anything else, really? “I'm sorry for everything.”
Abruptly, he sat up, his eyes wide and his breaths coming short and fast as panic surged through his veins, setting them on fire. Had he made a mistake? Should he just give up and give in? No longer would he feel that warm, comforting gaze upon him. Dean closed his eyes, tried to picture what Cas would look like without all that love and want and need. A shiver ran down his spine at the image his imagination cooked up. Hard, cold, detached eyes. No smiles. All business. No longer would Dean be able to laugh with him, or talk with him. It will always be about the next immediate threat. Then one day, he could picture it now, clear as day, he would call for the angel, in need of some help, and he wouldn't come. He would just vanish from their lives without so much as a goodbye.
Then they heard it. That sound. It pierced the still night sky making Dean's blood run cold. They both froze as they listened to that scream. It sounded like a dying animal. That was the only way Dean could describe it. He shivered as the reality of it hit him.
As if he could sense Dean watching, he glanced up from his reading, his eyebrows shooting up into his hair line as a small, playful smile teased his lips. Dean couldn't help but smile back. He was happy, happier than he had been in a long time. The urge to tell him just as much pushed forwards and just as he was about to open his mouth, his brother came barrelling into the room.
He can feel her smirk at him, a knowing, evil one. She got something, just a flinch, but something. She starts to whisper in his ear again, promising that they have a few more stops before they reach the main event.
His heart swelled with joy at the thought of him. He was becoming the man Castiel had hoped he would be and the fact that he'd missed him, had grieved for him made him hopeful of the situation. He needed to see him, needed to be with him, to help him, to guide him. But how was he suppose to do that now with the way things were between him and Dean?
He closed his eyes, waiting for the end to come. Dean wouldn't be able to stay, he knew that was too much to ask. He would always keep running, that was just who he was and Cas could never ask him to be something he wasn't.
Dean clapped loudly, excitement filling his veins. “Lets do this.” He jumped from his seat to grab his duffel bag from his room. He practically rushed from the room, excited to be back on the hunt again, but even more excited that the man he loved was tagging along.
Them he turned and fled, his feet pounding on the concrete, his heart breaking in his chest. He could hear Cas calling to him. Dean was grateful that he couldn't go after him, that his wounds slowed him down. He needed out of here. As he pushed his way through the doors and into the night, there was only one thought echoing in his mind.
There are hands grabbing at the man, trying to help, but the stupid humans haven't realised yet that there is no helping this man. This man is already dead. Finally its inside, taking up every room of the cage, feeling the man's feelings, feeling his thoughts. It takes in a gasp through a mouth that isn't its. But it doesn't care. Its able to do what it came here to do now.
He glanced at the bedroom door, knowing that any moment now Sammy would enter, trying to coax him to eat something, to shower, to do anything but lie in this god damn bed. He didn't want to do any of those things, he didn't want to do anything but lie here and allow his mind to numb itself from all thoughts. He'd lost all concept of time. It could have been days, it could have been weeks, or even years, since Cas had walked away. Dean hadn't tried to call for him, he didn't feel like he deserved the forgiveness, not that he'd be willing to give it to him. There was no way he was going to try and earn it back. There was no point. Even if Cas did, miraculously, forgive him, Dean would fuck it all up again anyway. So what was the point?
It glances around, seeing humans, seeing everything so much more clearly through these human eyes. There is other human eyes, staring at him, open mouthed. It stands and glares at them all, these insignificant creatures, and pushes past them, resisting the urge to kill them all. Now is not the time for that kind of behaviour. It can't draw notice to itself. Not yet.
Anger started to thrum through him. Now Cas had ruined everything. Putting it out there like it was nothing. How dare he ruin their friendship. Yes, their friendship was officially ruined now because Dean would never be able to look at Cas the same again. They would be completely awkward. He could imagine it now, Cas would give him longing stares, willing him to say something, and damn him, Dean wouldn't be able to look at him. They wouldn't be able to have a normal conversation. Dean would be preoccupied with whether Cas was trying to undress him or not. But then, if Dean told him it would never happen, maybe they could go back to being friends.
Dean gripped Cas's hand and intertwined their fingers. The touch was so intimate and held so much meaning. “You miss one deadline, Cas, and I'm coming to find you. You got that?”
A groan rumbled from the kitchen and Cas looked back over. He allowed his own annoyance to swim to the surface. He strode over to him as he watched Dean grab a beer. It was way to early for this and he needed Dean to have a clear head for this conversation. He reached around him and grabbed the cold beer from his hands. Dean startled and settled angry eyes on him.
Castiel reluctantly opened his eyes and caught the determination written on his face, but there was something else there too… Love. Pure love. It took his breath away, literally. “I want you, Cas. So much it hurts. I meant every word. I'm done running. I want you for as long as you'll have me.”
I am so sorry for the long wait. I couldn't decide where I should take this. After racking my brain for what seemed like weeks or even months, I finally decided to put fingers to keyboard and see where that gets me. So that's what I did. I'm not going to delve into why I kept this chapter the way it is yet, I want you to read it first. I feel I would just give way too much away otherwise. So I will explain a little at the end.
“Why?” He flinched at the hardness in the angel's voice. Dean wanted nothing more in that moment to tear his own heart out.
Dean slowly stood on his shaky legs. “It doesn't matter what the reason is. It won't stop it from hurting any less, it won't stop it from being complete torture being around you every day.” He took in a deep breath and dropped his eyes to the grimy floor. “I need to try and get over this and I can't do that with you here.”
He caught sight of movement and he snapped his eyes to those amazingly bright blue eyes. Cas was terrified. He was slowly moving towards him on his hands and knees, his arm stretched out. “Dean?”
Dean took a step back, his eyes wide and glistening with the tears that were still falling silently. He broke the eye contest, glancing nervously at his brother. Castiel couldn't waver his gaze, couldn't break that connection, not yet. He needed for Dean to be okay, needed to know that he would be fine. Guilt plagued Castiel. He shouldn't have said anything. He should have just kept going, should have allowed Dean to have him, at least once.
The relief was obvious when Dean returned in one piece. A few scratches here and there, but nothing serious. Cas felt his eyes slide over his form just to be sure. He had missed him immensely and he found it really hard not to run to him.
“I want you, Cas. I shouldn't. We shouldn't. We will only get hurt. But… I can't help but be selfish. I  want you, all of you.”
He swallowed past the lump in his throat, gulping audibly. He chose to ignore Cas for the moment. His brother was still in the room, he needed to be dealt with first. He turned to face him, who was still stood in the doorway, looking just as concerned as Cas. He wanted his brother to disappear, to leave them alone. He can't do this, not in front of him. It was one thing being vulnerable and open towards Cas, but it was something completely different when there was an audience.
“Cas,” Sam sighed. “He really, really loves you. I've never seen him like this, not with anyone. Not family, not friends, not girlfriends. Just with you.”
After climbing into the front seat of the Impala, he thought back to that kiss. He remembered the way Dean's lips felt against his own, how they fitted perfectly with his. He remembered his reaction, or lack there of. He sighed. He hadn't responded well. Is that why Dean didn't want him to mention it? Is it because he thought Cas was rejecting him. He should tell him that he wasn't, but every time he opened his mouth, Dean would cut across him.
Panic grips him tight and he quickly undoes his seatbelt. The door is stuck and he gives it an almighty kick. Its pushed outwards and he clambers out quickly. His eyes instantly search the surrounding area as he tries to ignore the pain in his muscles and the pain in his head. His brother isn't there. He can't understand what's going on. Turning in a wide circle he shouts out Dean's name, no answer. Not that he had expected one.
But the reality of his words hit home. He frowned as Cas started stalking towards him, intentions clear. He was going to kiss him again, and more. Dean held up a hand. “Stop.” Cas did, freezing mid-step. His eyes were wide, terrified. “We...” He licked his lower lip, still tasting the angel on him. God, he wanted more, so much more. “We can't.”
An ache flared in his chest as he watched Dean move around the crime scene. Dean hadn't been able to look at him since their moment in the motel room and it hurt. Castiel hated how his feelings were making him feel. He hated how he ached to be close to Dean again. But most of all he hated himself for the way he was making Dean feel. He knew Dean was uncomfortable with the whole situation, knew he struggling to come to terms with it, struggling to keep his frustration and anger in check, the broken hand was evidence enough. He watched Deans face as he moved behind the counter. It was full of curiosity as his eyes darted from item to item, trying to find something that will help the case.
“I love you.” He couldn't let him walk out that door without knowing what he truly felt, what he would forever feel. Cas's eyes widened at the unexpected words. Dean surged forwards and placed a small, gentle kiss on those perfect plump lips. To his surprise, Cas kissed back, just as gentle. He closed his eyes, memorising how they felt, how they tasted, how they moulded perfectly to his. He memorised how this kiss made him feel, so light, so warm, so happy. When he finally pulled away, he allowed the pain of the moment to take hold once again. The tears started up again as he withdrew from the angel and taking a step back.
As he left them behind, his mind swirled with possibilities. But when he reached Dean's bedroom door, his footing faltered, doubt clouding this new determination. What if Dean doesn't agree? What if Dean pushes him away?
“Cas? It's Dean.” There was silence on the other end of the phone and Dean pulled the phone from his ear to check that the angel hadn't hung up. “You there?” he asked hesitantly.
He looked back at the floor, watching, fascinated by the drops of tears landing on the tiles. A hand on his shoulder. Sorrow filling Sam's eyes. “He's stable, for now.”
Sorry for the long gap, but it is finally here. Just one more chapter to go after this one and then it will be time to say goodbye. I promise I'm not welling up. I'm really not, there's just something in my eye....
Dean broke the kiss first, his breathing ragged, his lips swollen and red, green eyes full of lust. The sight of him, aroused, sent shivers down his spine. As much as he wanted to rip Dean's clothes off and take him for himself, all of him, he knew Dean wasn't ready. Not yet.
The phone hung up and Dean stared at it blankly. Was that a yes or no? Then he heard the tell-tale sign of wings and turned to face Cas. The angel's features were concerned, his gaze drifted up and down Dean's body as though searching for something. Dean's heart warmed to see that he still cared, but punched it down.
It could feel the frustration grow within this human vessel, could feel it building, slowly, like a fire. It has never felt frustration before and it decided he didn't much care for it. How did humans feel like this constantly?
Dean's mouth dropped open. Panic flooded his system. Had he been wrong to say that? Is that not what Dean wanted? He was about to ask when Dean quickly got over his shock. “Okay. I just never pictured it this way.” Castiel's curiosity almost got the better of him. Dean had pictured this moment? Really? What had he pictured it would be like? Now was not the time to ask though, so Castiel filed it away for later. He would definitely ask later. But first the had more important things to be doing.
“Dean!” His brother's voice was a warning. The look in his eyes said, 'stop sacrificing everything for everyone else'. Sam was right. He wasn't just sacrificing his own happiness, he was sacrificing Cas's. He couldn't do that.
Castiel sighed, the dissatisfaction shining through. “If you don't give me one good reason, Dean, I won't be responsible for what happens next.”
A fresh wave of panic flared within his chest. Dean was right, he was trying to run, run away from whatever was going to come next. That's the real reason he was gathering dirty clothes from the bedroom floor. He needed an escape, an escape he didn't even know he needed until that moment. He gulped audibly as the fear started to make him shake.
As he sat at the table in the map room and watching Jack follow suit, he tried to listen to Jack explain about trying to find a hunt for them all to go on. He didn't know what Cas was thinking, what he was planning to do. If Jack had more experience with human emotions he would have felt the tension in the room, would see that there was a sadness to Castiel's movements, a sadness in his voice.
“Same here, Dean.” It was barely audible, but he'd heard it just fine. He couldn't hold himself up any more as those words pierced through him. He collapsed to the floor, heaving in a deep breath as he tried to take back control. But it was pointless. The tears came hard and fast, the sob started to bubble inside him and he flung a hand across his mouth to stop it. Cas couldn't see him like this. He needed to know it was okay. That it would all be okay.
Driving back to the bunker in the early morning light wasn't easy, for both Dean and Cas, even Sam could feel the tension between them. Nobody said anything, nobody needed to. It was clear to everyone how this next part was going to go.
A warm hand on his cheek brought him out of his thoughts, brought his eyes back into focus. His breathing picked up as the fear started to consume him. “Sleep, Dean. I'll be here when you wake up.” Cas's voice was soft and gentle, just a brush of air and it instantly settled the fears, putting him at ease.
Castiel had expected relief or happiness at his words, but what he saw instead was pure, unwavering fear. He took a step back in shock, his eyes growing wide and this horrible sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach. Did he not want him to stay? That thought cut deep into his chest and he had to fight the urge to rub at his chest to ease it.
Cas let out a low scream as an angel blade scraped across his throat. It wasn't deep, just enough to shock him into submission. The demon above Dean let out a little chuckle at it, allowing the knife in her hand to drop a bit. Dean looked at his brother. A simple look passed between them, an understanding.
Dean felt the head snap up and he knew the creature was glaring in Cas's direction. The pressure on his neck decreased slightly and Dean knew what needed to happen. He tried to catch the angel's eye, tried to pass on the message – distract the Shadow enough, get his grip to slacken and Dean might have a chance of breaking free. But Cas kept his steady gaze upon the creature behind him. He looked towards his brother, trying to catch his eyes instead. Their eyes locked and Sam barely nodded his acknowledgement of what Dean was trying to say. The reprieve he felt at this didn't last long.
That's the only thought that propelled him forward. If he allowed the doubt to worm its way in, he would shrivel up and die. He needed to be strong for Cas. He needed to able to concentrate on what was to come next. He couldn't be distracted by anything, not even his doubts.
Cas opened his mouth, then closed it quickly. His eyes dropped to the floor and he nodded slowly. Shit. This was not what he was expecting. Before he could say anything else. Sam came striding over, keys in hand and saying something about a room number. Dean dropped his hand from Cas's arm instantly, his gaze brushed over his brother. Sam threw the keys to him and Dean caught them in one hand. He looked back at Cas, but Cas was already striding across the car park.
“A demon attack. Its just a few hours away.” He turned to Dean, hope in his eyes. “What do ya say? Wanna get out of here for a couple of days”
Realisation replaced the sadness. “You had thought I'd left.” Dean nodded. “You were pushing me away before I could end it,” Another nod. “Dean, you are so infuriating.”
The music once more is turned to full volume and Sam closes his eyes, enjoying this small moment of relief. He knows that the reason he's here is because the demon is up to something, something she doesn't want him to be privy of. He isn't bothered. This is better than whatever she's got planned. It has to be.
Dean was curled up on his bed, head on the pillow, knees pulled tightly in, eyes closed, and tears were streaming down his face, silently. He was biting his bottom lip in an effort, Castiel could only assume, to stop a sob from breaking out. He truly looked like a broken man and Castiel wanted nothing more than to go to him, but he knew Dean wouldn't want that, wouldn't want him to see him so vulnerable. Castiel allowed his eyes to rake up and down the other man's body. Dean was only clad in a towel around his waist and he knew that would make Dean feel even more vulnerable if Castiel had chosen to go to him.
Emptiness. That's what he feels now. He wants to call him back, wants to hold him, tell him everything is going to be okay. But he doesn't. Can't. Doesn't want to hurt him again. Too much of a risk.
“Why?” Dean spoke through gritted teeth, as though getting the question out was too much hard work, as though he really didn't want to know the answer.
He stood but didn't make his way towards Cas, knowing it would be pointless to even try. “You don't trust me and everyone knows that the key to a successful relationship is trust. If we don't have that we have no chance of surviving.”
“Why would you think that?” He forgot all about his brother being in the same room. All he could focus on was Cas, focus on his words, on his pain.
“It didn't make me uncomfortable, Dean.” Fuck. That voice was raspier than usual, it sent a whole new shock wave through his system, making his cock twitch.
His cell rang through the quiet, darkened car, making both brothers jump a little. Sam whirled his head around to face Dean, his eyes wide and surprised. Dean sighed, picking up his cell, facing back towards the road. He willed his heart to slow down before answering. Glancing down at the phone, he frowned with confusion, not recognising the number. He pressed the answer button and put it to his ear. “Yeah?” he grounded out through gritted teeth, unable to hide his bad mood.
Cas turns to look at Sam and nods. Sam nods back. A silent understanding. Then his brother leaves the room. Dean doesn't take his eyes off Cas, still waiting for an answer. He watches as Cas closes his eyes briefly, takes in a deep breath and when he opens them again, he narrows them slightly. “I've been dealing with the angel problem. I have found out who their leader is.”
Then he was gone, leaving Cas standing alone. Leaving him to feel this immense pain. He wanted to howl into the silence, wanted to rip his own heart out just to get a relief from what he was feeling. He wanted to be angry with Dean. He wanted to hate him for dismissing him like that. But he understood. Dean was terrified, terrified that Castiel would convince him other wise.
Cas moved his lips closer, his breath ghosting across Dean, their eyes still trained on one another. The angel didn't stop his movements, instead he sped up. “What do you want, Dean?” he whispered and Dean released a lungful of air.
As they drove through the pelting rain, and as the wind banged against the car, Dean basked in the silence. Every now and then his eyes would flick to the rear-view mirror and settle on the angel in the back seat. Cas for his part was looking out at the darkened day, watching the rain and blur of trees whoosh past them.
He snapped his head back to the entrance, his body tense, his grip tightening on the gun. Even though he was watching for the threat, he made sure to keep watch over Cas out of the corner of his eye. The words that Sam had spoken just before the explosion echoed through his mind. If Cas was going to try and sacrifice himself, then Dean would make sure he was there to stop him. He was not going to lose him again.
What the fuck? He thought Cas wanted this. Thought he wanted him. Shit. Now he'd really fucked up. He thought back through all their conversations. Not once had he said he wanted this. Not once had he said he wanted Dean. Yes he loved him, but that doesn't mean he wanted this. Now he felt like a fool. A fool for believing he could actually be happy, even if it was for a second.
Cas watched him with guarded eyes as Dean kept taking steps backwards. He glanced over his shoulder at the bunker's exit. He could do it. He could run and not look back. When he glanced back at Cas, he knew he couldn't.
All the anger had now completely vanished, leaving Castiel confused. Did he really want to know what Dean was thinking? Especially if it hurt him? Yes, yes he did. “I can take it, Dean. I need to know why your hurting.” Surely it was because of Castiel's feelings. Maybe he was going to ask him to leave. That wouldn't hurt as much as Dean thinks it would. Castiel would feel relief. Maybe he should just put Dean out of his misery.
This made Castiel angry, so angry. Rage burned through his veins. He shouldn't put him first, not after he'd ruined their friendship, not after he'd ruined everything. He'd forgotten about Sam standing not too far away, forgotten about what he'd said to Dean no too long ago. He needed to make him understand. He needed Dean to be angry with him, to hate him.
“What did you mean?” He could almost see the angel tilt his head in that adorable way of his, confusion filling those perfect blue eyes.
With nothing more to be said, Castiel exited the room, leaving a very hurt Dean. Castiel didn't care. He didn't care if this hurt them both. Not any more. He walked down the corridor, into the map room where Sam was sitting. He could hear Dean's cries, calling for him, pleading with him to wait. But Castiel didn't, couldn't. He wasn't going to let Dean get away with hurting him any more. Sam's eyes widened as a panicked Dean rushed into the room.
He stepped into the darkened room, only a soft glow of a lamp was the only light but he could see Dean clearly, lying on his back on the bed, one arm under his head and eyes closed. He closed the door softly, suddenly unsure of himself now. Would Dean beg him to leave? Could he do it? He didn't know if had the strength do it again.
Jack. It was such a normal name, a simple name for such a powerful being. It didn't feel right. Didn't sound right. Didn't roll of the tongue right. Nothing about him was right.
Cas leaned forward and pressed a gentle kiss on his lips. Dean reacted instinctively, kissing back. He could taste the saltiness of the rain, and wondered briefly if he was actually crying. He could feel his heart start beating again, could feel himself come back from the edge and in that moment he knew, he knew that all he needed was Cas. Cas would make everything okay.
“Stop, Dean.” His voice was so commanding and Dean froze when he started wondering what that commanding voice would sound like above him as he sank deep within him. He let out a shuddering  breath, afraid to move, afraid he would do something else he would regret. After a few moments, Cas tilted his face up, their eyes locking. “I should be the one that is sorry. It was me. I shouldn't have said anything. I shouldn't have stopped it.”
“It doesn't matter who's to blame, Dean. What matters is we're both here and we're both willing to work on this. At least… I hope we both are.”
“You don't need to worry, me and Sam will be fine.” It was barely a whisper but it made Cas cease his incessant pacing.
Electricity shoots through his hand as Cas grips it with his own. No, he can't take that. Far too quickly he snaps his hand away. He stares at it with wide eyes, shocked eyes. What the hell was that? Another feeling he's never experienced before. He brings his eyes back to Cas, regret and guilt fills him immediately. The love and understanding is gone, replaced by hurt and horror. No, he hadn't meant to hurt him, didn't want to. It just shocked him, that's all. He opened his mouth to explain just that. But nothing comes out, his mouth has dried up. He licks his lips, then tries again.
He closed his eyes as the uncertainty washed through him, gulping hard. The image of Dean with that woman slid through to his closed lids. He had looked so happy, so him.  Castiel knew he had messed with Dean, knew he had probably tilted his grounded life onto its axis and Castiel hated himself for it. He knew Dean saw how his rejection had hurt him, and in turn it had hurt Dean as well.
“Hey, its okay.” Dean had taken the few remaining steps between them and grabbed either side of his face. Castiel froze mid-panic as the heat of those hands comforted him. “It's okay.”
He mourned Cas. He wasn't dead, so he he didn't mourn him like he was. He mourned what they had shared. He mourned that they would never share that again. Cas was gone, prey to that baby. He knew if he found him, it wouldn't matter. Cas would side with Kelly over him. He knew this. He accepted it for what it was.
“Sam, you can start the research and I'm going to sleep.” He threw the keys onto the motel table and collapsed onto the bed. He hadn't looked at Castiel and this worried him. Had he said something wrong? Done something wrong? Maybe it was their conversation last night, maybe it had upset Dean in some way. But why would it? Dean didn't share Castiel's feelings. Surely he would want Castiel to get over them as quickly as he could.
He tore his way through the bunker, hoping he wasn't too late. The need to be close to Cas was strong. The need to hold him was stronger. His heart was beating erratically.
“Dean?” That gruff voice sent a very awakening shock through his lower abdomen. His eyes sprang open and they caught Cas's again. He was looking concerned and panicked. The sight of it sent Dean spiralling into self-hatred. This is what he'd done to him. He'd made him fearful that at any given moment he was going to run… again.
Dean felt his heart pick up speed, felt the slickness of his sweaty palms. What understanding could Cas suddenly have come to? Would Dean actually agree to it? Cas obviously thought so if he's calling it an understanding. He watched cautiously as Cas turned to face him. Dean sucked in a sharp breath as the weight he was carrying was obvious in his blue eyes. Dean waited patiently for him to start talking. This was his show now.
“Sam wanted to know if you wanted something to eat?” Cas's voice was low and gravelly, it went straight to his cock.
“I have nothing to discuss with you.” He turned his back to her, hoping she would get the hint. He knew her though, and she would not be able to resist saying what she came to say.
Dean chose to ignore it as he pressed his foot the floor, his hands gripping the steering wheel. Instead he chose to keep on track with this hunt. “So, where we heading?” He shot his brother a sideways look who had finally decided against bringing anything up Cas.
Neither of them said anything for the longest of times and Dean wondered how he was suppose to proceed. Should he start with the betrayal? About how much it hurt? Or should he start with something a bit happy, like how relieved he was to have Cas here again?
The bunker shook, like it was an earthquake. Dean landed on his ass, painfully, as did Sam. Objects clattered to the floor, furniture shook and collapsed. Both brothers looked at each other with raised eyebrows. For a single moment, Dean's grief was replaced by shock and curiosity. What was
Dean dropped his hand as Cas cupped his face in his hands. “As long as I still get to kiss you, that doesn't bother me. All I want is whatever you want.”
Relief filled Dean as he slowly stood to face him. But the urge came on strong, quick as lightening. All he could think about was that Cas had come close to dying. All he could picture was Cas's dead body and suddenly he couldn't breath. He couldn't handle these emotions, this feeling of helplessness.
He continued to move slowly, too slow, holding back his urge to just ram home. But eventually he reached the end. His balls now hitting Dean's ass. They both moaned at the contact, both breathed heavily. Cas could feel his heart beating erratically, needing to be released. It was all so overwhelming, so many sensations that he didn't know which one he should concentrate on. He knew he was gripping Dean a little too tight, digging his nails in to his soft skin, but he couldn't bring himself to stop. He felt Dean shift, testing the feel of him inside and when he moaned lowly, Cas knew he could move. And he did, deliciously slow, pulling almost all the way out and then pushing back hard, sending Dean shifting forward. He groaned again and so did Dean, although his was muffled by the pillow. He moved again, mimicking his last move and they both groaned again. It was so amazing, so perfect. But he wanted to hear Dean, wanted to hear the way he could scream for him.
“Why?” His voice was gentle and soft, nothing like the man he'd grown to come and love. Maybe he did care for Castiel after all, but not in the way he needed or wanted. The tears kept coming. He dipped his head and shame filled him, his eyes closing to fight back the bile in his throat. He'd agreed to this and now he was letting Dean down… again. It always came down to him letting him down, whether its their usual end of the world stuff or something a bit more personal. He felt Dean's  hand on his chin, his head was being tilted upwards. He opened his eyes and gasped at just how close they were. “I would never force you, Cas. If you can't do this, that's okay. I will not hold it against you.”
Cas's eyes darted to the floor, his brows furrowing as though he was trying to work out how to phrase what was to come next. Dean tried to prepare himself for the blow that was to surely follow. When Cas looked back into his eyes, Dean needed to muffle his deep intake of breath. Cas held a new determination, a determination that he'd never seen in those blue eyes before.
Castiel gulped nervously. Dean looked so relaxed, so normal, so… him, worry and everything. “Dean… I don't want...”
Cas looked at him then, surprised a little at his presence. He really had been deep in thought. He sighed and looked straight ahead at the expanse of darkened fields. “I'm trying, Dean.”
“We need to leave, now.” Dean can sense the urgency in the angels voice. He can't speak, can't guarantee it wouldn't shake, so he just nods and stalks of back down the steps, across the parking lot and back to his Impala. Cas isn't far behind, keeping extra close to him, as if sensing Dean might need him soon. He won't. His legs may wobble as he walks, his fingers may tremble when he tries putting the key in the ignition, but he won't need him, not yet.
After solving the case, he'd come to the conclusion that perhaps he should just give in, perhaps he should just focus on finding his mother. It would give him the biggest distraction yet. He couldn't think about Cas, not any more. The pain of losing him was too deep, too dark, to gut wrenching. Every time he thought about their moment in the back of the Impala, he wanted to hurl. He should have tried harder to stop him, he should have done something, anything to keep him there with him. But he hadn't and now regret filled him to the brim. The hole that had pierced his heart when he saw the love of his life drop to his knees had been growing bigger and bigger. There was no way to stop it, nothing could fix this, except Cas. That wasn't going to happen any time soon.
“Do you trust me, Cas?” He needed to know. He trusted Cas, even if he did leave him. He knew he would do it for good reason and Dean could understand that. He knew that he could get past his trust issues, but could Cas get past his?
Dean had almost made it to the bottom of the steps that led out of the bunker when Sam called his name. Dean turned questioningly. “When you get back, you know what you need to do.”
Relief washed over him at those words. It was going to be okay because they were both unharmed, they were both there, together. Finally he wrapped his arms around Cas's waist, burying his own face into the crook of the angel's neck, smelling the rain on his skin and inhaling it. They were both okay.
Castiel closed his eyes as his own agony tangled within him. He had wanted Dean to hurt. He had wanted Dean to feel just a tiny sliver of what he himself was feeling. But now he had time to think about it, he hadn't liked it and regret was now filling him to the brim. The whole point of showing Dean his indifference was to prevent causing Dean any more pain, and in the end, he did the complete opposite.
Standing on shaky legs, he gripped his night stand, releasing his chest. Carefully, he turned and glanced down at the man lying in the middle of his bed. All he could think of was how he was suppose to survive this, how was he suppose to go on? Then there was all things he would miss out, they plagued his mind and he clutched at his head with his other hand, trying to rid himself of the thoughts. Never would he see his eyes, hear his voice. Never would he kiss him. Never would he see him smile. Never would he get to feel his body up against his… and so on.
He didn't say anything, wanting to allow the hunter to wrap his head around the fact that he was still there. He itched to go to him, though, an itch that was slowly getting harder to ignore. Dean dropped his eyes to the floor, glaring at it, his brows furrowed. If looks could kill, the floor would surely be dead by now, Castiel mused to himself.
As he swung his legs over the edge of the bed, he felt like he was suffocating, felt like his whole body was ready to collapse into itself. He desperately clutched at his chest, gripping with everything he had, his knuckles turning white. He needed this searing pain, this grief, to go. He couldn't cope with the possibility that Cas wasn't coming back. Perhaps if he knew what had happened he could figure out a way to get him back, make a deal or something, but he didn't know.
He frowns at that. Not liking the sound of it one bit. She places a wet kiss on his cheek and he grimaces at the feel of it, at the feel of the lipstick stain he's sure is there. She climbs off him and looks over her shoulder. Five other demons are now in the room, all men, not that it matters much. Somehow he manages to avoid the panic from crossing his face. Whatever happens now, he will not come out of this in one piece.
“I've done nothing but betray you, Dean. I've betrayed your trust. I've betrayed our friendship. I've put you in terrible situations. I've made terrible, end of the world mistakes. Mistake that I will never be able to take back. I'm not a good person.”
The creature let out another deep laugh, full of humour at these words. Terror flooded Dean at the sound. Cas was trying to give himself over and that in itself was enough to send him into a panic. But there was something else, something that didn't feel quite right. He worked his brain again as he listened to the laugh close to his ear, feeling the cold breath tickle the lobe, the rankness of it almost making him gag again. The creature, the shadow or whatever it was, stopped abruptly, leaning in close to Dean's neck. His heart froze in his chest as he waited to see what his next move would be, what answer he would have for the angel across the room.
Without any real thought, Dean snapped his head around to stare at his brother, his eyes grew round and his mouth hung open in shock. Two weeks? Was that all? It had felt so much longer. His brother's eyes were watery and emotional. Damn! He should not have looked at him. He was starting to feel a stir in his chest, an urge to make his brother feel okay again, to make him stop worrying. Urgently, he turned his head back around, his eyes latching back onto the ceiling. He's not allowed to feel anything else, nothing else. That's how it needed to be, for now, anyway.
Without a word passing between them, he marched towards the bathroom, slamming the door behind him in the hopes the angel would get the message and leave them the hell alone.
“Why?” His voice is full of venom. If he didn't keep this anger alive he knew he would collapse in a heap on the floor, dying inside. He would never let that happen.
He watched as Cas turned back around, his head bowed towards the floor. Dean didn't think about what he was doing, didn't register it until he was slowly moving back across the bed towards Cas. He should stop. He shouldn't allow himself this. He continued anyway, knowing that this movement had nothing to do with him and everything to do with Cas. He wanted Cas to be okay, he wanted to comfort him, show him that this wasn't his fault.
Dean looks over at him and their eyes lock. For a small breath nothing else matters. They are so close and all Dean has to do is lean over an inch and they would be bound at the lips. He gulps past the lump forming in his throat. On some level, he knows he needs to move, knows this isn't a good idea, especially with his brother to worry about. He just can't seem to put that thought into movement.
Before he could pull the door open, he felt a warm hand touch his cold one and his breath caught in his throat. His eyes landed on their connection and his heart stuttered in his chest. Suddenly he was hyper-aware of everything, from the touch to the feeling and he cursed himself inwardly. How can he still allow such a small contact to have such a huge affect on him?
He watched as Naomi stepped forward. “Come on, Castiel. This is pointless. All you need to do is to get Dean Winchester here.”
Cas had never felt such strong emotions bubble inside him, pulling at his heart, filling him with such warmth. As he stared into those determined green eyes, he knew just how serious Dean was. He really meant everything he'd said. “I think we were both to blame.”
Dean wanted to run to him, to hold him, to tell him that of course he forgave him, after all, he was being controlled by an unborn child that wielded more power than anyone has ever seen before. Then again, he wanted to yell at him, punch him, lay into him about how gullible he was… again.
Cas hummed against his lips and kept thrusting, in and out, in and out. Dean desperately tried to grip on to something, something that would keep him grounded, but there was nothing, so instead he gripped onto Cas shoulders, digging his nails in deep, drawing blood. Cas hissed with the sting of it but still kept up his relenting pace. Dean slid up the seat, his head now hitting the door. He could feel the pain of it but he didn't care, the pleasure overtook whatever pain he was feeling.
Cas gripped his face in his hands and he felt the small tingle run through his face from the small contact. “You won't lose me.”
“Dean, of course I want this.” Dean's eyes brightened for a moment, happiness filling them, then confusion took over.
“I think we should continue on the case like nothings changed. We'll just have to be more vigilant.”
No longer able to hold himself up, he collapsed on the floor, barely registering the pain in his knees as they made contact with the hard floor beneath him. The tears once again came and he let out an almighty yell, screaming until his voice cracked, just so he could feel some relief from the pain.
Dean shuddered under that penetrating gaze. That powerful being that Dean had grown accustomed to was back. Dean had no idea what to make of those words, so Dean being Dean laughed nervously. Then the rambling started. He could barely register what he was saying, the filter between his brain and his mouth had evaporated. Maybe he'd said something about brotherly love, maybe something about how he couldn't love him romantically. Dean knew there was no maybe about it, he had definitely uttered those words. With each word that came tumbling out of his mouth, he watched Cas's expression get darker and darker. He needed to stop talking and he needed to stop talking now. He clamped his mouth shut and forced his gaze to anywhere that wasn't the angel.
Not having that in the slightest, because they would have this again, he'd make sure of it, he rolled them over. Dean bounced slightly and let out a gasp at the sudden change in position. Castiel couldn't wait any more, he needed to have him now and everything be damned. He didn't care that Jack and Sam were waiting for his return, he didn't care that they were probably minutes away from finding out where he'd disappeared to. All that mattered was them, them and this moment, right here and now.
Castiel wanted to apologize, wanted to wrap him up and never let him go. He was going to do just that, but the door banged open and Sam stood in the doorway, an angry glare directed at him. Not Dean. Of course it wouldn't be Dean. Dean was the one who needed help, and besides, he'd specifically told him not to go and see Dean. He slowly wilted under that stare.
A warmth spread through his chest, making his head swim with all kinds of emotions. Dean had been thinking about him. He smiled, a teeth showing smile. “Of course. You meant it? No more running?” Dean frowned which made Castiel's smile drop right to his stomach. Had he changed his mind? He started to move backward. The pain shooting through his chest. He couldn't let Dean see this was getting to him, that this was hurting him. “Never mind. Forg-”
Sam's ears pick up at the name of his friend. Cas? Surely Dean wouldn't have called him in, not for a small demon problem like this. At least, they thought it had been small, now Sam can see things in a whole other light.
Dean didn't respond, didn't know if he could. How long had it been since he last said anything? He knew the last words he'd spoken was to Cas, knew exactly what those words were. But how long ago was that?
Sam came shuffling into the room, looking quite lost. Castiel frowned in concern. What happened between them? He was about to open his mouth to ask when Dean came in behind him. Castiel watched Dean with concern, but relaxed a little when he spotted the small smirk playing at his lips. Castiel's confusion only swelled though when he caught sight of Sam watching his brother with narrowed eyes. Whatever had been said between them, Dean had come out on top and Sam was not happy.
Castiel waited patiently for the brothers to return. His eyes scanned the laptop that Sam had been researching with, his mind not really taking in any of the information. He couldn't help the worry from springing up, couldn't help his thoughts from wondering to Dean. He hoped he was okay, hoped he wasn't freaking out. Sam had gone to find him. Dean had been in the shower for forty-five minutes and Sam was starting to worry.
The pain on Cas's face immediately vanishes, replaced by understanding. Good. Dean really doesn't want to go into detail as to why it would hurt so much to lose him. He can't go there… ever. “Okay. We'll figure something else out, then.”
He hadn't been rejected. He was living the life he truly wanted. He had Dean, he had Jack and Sam. Life couldn't have been more perfect. During the case that Jack had found for them, he could feel Dean's excitement seep through his own system. It was infectious. Even Jack and Sam were picking up on it.
That was all he felt now. Nothing. He didn't feel happy, sadness, anger, love. There was nothing. Just this emptiness that was swallowing him whole, refusing to let him go, refusing to let him be. In some part of his mind he wanted to cry, to scream, but he couldn't. As soon as the thought came to him, he was sure to push it away quickly, before his eyes welled up. He wouldn't allow himself to feel the sorrow, or the pain of losing Cas. He couldn't. This was all his fault anyway.
“Okay, well I think I found where the demon might be hiding. We should check it out.” What? How long had he been sitting there for?
It took longer than it should have to towel himself dry and get dressed. His crushed hand wasn't any use. He inspected the bloodied knuckles, the bruised and twisted fingers. He'd completely damaged his hand. It wouldn't surprise him if he'd fucked up the nerves or something. A twisted part of him was pleased with that thought. He deserved this.
“No, Dean. He cried non-stop for six days. After that he wouldn't talk to anyone, wouldn't acknowledge anyone. Begged for you to just open your eyes. He was drowning in grief.” Pain pulled at his heart. Shit. Had he really been broken up about his impending death? Sam wasn't finished. “The doctors wanted to turn of you monitors days ago. I agreed. There was no way you were going to make it. I'd come to accept it. Cas couldn't, wouldn't. He argued with me. I finally allowed it. Cas needed to wrap his head around it first. Today he finally agreed.”
He watched as Cas looked away and settled those amazing blue eyes on Sam. Instantly Dean felt himself returning back to some semblance of normality. He was no longer feeling like his heart was about to break free. He could finally breath, could finally suck in a deep, steadying breath.
Cas abruptly turned his head to look at him. He must be showing his confusion and Sam, of course picked it up. Cas looked back at his brother. “I haven't voiced the understanding. So, if you would be so kind as to leave us to some privacy...” Cas gestured to the corridors and Sam sighed, rolling his eyes.
Dean gripped tighter to the solid form, feeling the tears spring up in his eyes. He hadn't realised Cas's feelings had ran so deep. He knew the angel loved him, knew he wanted and needed him, but he didn't think it was quite so… desperate. He understood, of course, because he felt the same way, he thought he was the only one with that level of desperation.
His voice broke again, and he hated himself for it. He backed away, slowly, the need to run pulsing through his legs, but somehow he managed to keep his pace slow and steady. Dean watched as a lone tear slid down Cas's cheek. He wanted nothing more than to go towards him, hold him and tell him everything was going to be okay. But nothing was going to be okay again. Plus, he didn't have that right any more. He didn't have that right to comfort him, to hold him.
Ignoring the way it makes him feel to hold him, to see him again, because frankly its been too long since they had seen each other, he just grips harder, saying, “Its good to see you, man.”
“It's fine, Dean. I could do with a break, if I'm honest. I've been working on this non-stop. Do you need any help?”
Dean pushed away and stood. His brother was still standing there, eyes wide. Shame bounced around his head, making him flush deep. Had Sam worked out what they were talking about? Is that why he looked so shocked? Or is he just shocked by Dean's behaviour? He ignored his brother. Cas deserved his complete attention. Cas stood, his piercing eyes not leaving his.
The motel smells damp and musty and Sam heaves, the demon doesn't even flinch as she makes her way up the corridors to a room on the third floor. She raises his leg and kicks it of its hinges. A man is standing there, looking shell-shocked, holding a gun and a flask. He doesn't know who this stranger is but he knows he's about to die.
“You leaving is for the best. For you. Its for the best. But… you made me promise not to push you away to protect you and… fuck! I can't let you walk out that door without knowing that its been the happiest time of my life too.”
Cas looked up and the hatred in his eyes was fierce. Dean almost stepped back from the power of it. “W-what for? So you… can… kill him? No… thanks!”
Sam's eyes set on him and they softened a little. “I told him that whatever was going on between you, it needed to end.”
Dean sighed, closing his eyes and Cas found himself wondering what he was thinking. Would he be careless enough to ask the dreaded questions. He hoped not. He hoped that he would just let it be. Instead of questions, Cas was shocked by what the hunter said next. Still with his eyes closed, as though he was afraid to look Cas in the eye as he whispered his, “I'm sorry.”
He sighed heavily, closing his eyes. This wasn't how it should be. This wasn't how their relationship should be. They should be able to kiss each, touch either other, smile at each other without worrying about the other ones response. He knew he had no one to blame but himself, didn't make the situation any easier though.
When he reached the library, his gaze caught Dean's. He hadn't realised till this moment just how much he had truly missed him, how much he ached to be near him. Reluctantly, he diverted his gaze to Sam, who had said something. “Sorry, Sam. What did you say?”
The smile dropped and there was a slight hesitation which set Castiel's nerves on fire. Eventually, though, he said, “Yes, I promise.”
“Are you sure?” Cas's voice was soft, understanding. Dean was sure he would understand if he chose to walk away and forget that he'd uttered such a simple, yet complicated word.
He can feel her smirk at him, can feel that she's pleased he's finally caught on. Then she whispers in his ear.
Dean slammed the trunk down and he turned back to Castiel, that stupid smile still on his stupid face and instantly Castiel felt the urge to punch it. He clenched his fist as the heated anger raced through his veins. “Right, back to the bunker. You going to travel with us, Cas?”
Reaching up, he gripped Cas's face in his palms and pulled him down towards him. He placed a desperate kiss on his lips which the angel hummed into. Just as the hum left Cas's throat, Dean pushed his ass down, filling himself up with angel cock. He hissed with the pain, feeling it spread throughout his ass. Breaking the kiss, he pressed his forehead to Cas's closing his eyes.
Cas dropped his eyes to the floor, the smile fell and his brows furrowed together. Dean's heart constricted painfully. He knew what he was trying to say, because he felt the same way. They would have to be in this together, because if Dean walked away now he didn't think he could survive it. “I'm done running.”
“Watch me!” Cas bellowed in that powerful angel voice that Dean loved so much. He tried to side-step Sam, but Sam just followed, not allowing him to leave, not allowing him to make his hasty retreat. “I came here and accomplished what I originally planned on doing. There is nothing left for me to do. Now move!”
Castiel looked from Sam to Dean. The ache that hadn't quite left his chest yet, flared up again when he saw the pleading look in Dean's eyes. He wanted him to go. Wanted him to stay as far away from him as possible. The agonising pain gripped his heart in a tight fist and he instantly forgot to breath. Dean hated him. Dean didn't want him here. He looked away from Dean, unable to keep the eye contact. Sam was still looking at him, waiting for an answer.
Dean shook his head violently, hating the thought of leaving Cas behind. “No. I don't care what Sam wants. I want you to come with us. I hate the thought of leaving you here alone. Besides, I'm not ready to let you out of my sight yet.”
He waited for Dean to take this in, to process it. He stood slowly, cautiously and Castiel could sense the fear coming off him in waves. Once more, he pushed the need to ease him way down. It wasn't the time yet. “But… Cas, we can't work as a team if we can't...”
Sam rolled his eyes. “Of course you've forgotten with all your self pity. Jack has missed Cas as well. He grieved for him. He's waiting for him to return. And you just sent Cas away.”
He took a few steadying breaths, feeling the burn lessen slightly. He knew it wouldn't completely go, not yet. He nodded. Cas pushed in that little bit further. More burning. Dean couldn't take it any more. He didn't want slow and careful. He needed him now, needed to feel the angel's cock fill him. He wanted to ride him, bring them both to explosion. So what if it hurt? Maybe it would be like a band-aid, fast is best.
“How long ago?” He can hear music come on in the background and then it goes silent again, an engine starts up and it instantly calms Dean again. Because he knows, he knows Cas is already on the move, already trying to get to him.
The angel reached out and grasped his hand, his eyes instantly softening. But there was something else there, something Dean couldn't describe. He stopped his movements as he felt the firm grip. Once more he was starting to feel grounded again, he could feel his flee instinct subsiding, if only a little. The urge was still there.
He grabbed his bag from the floor by his desk and turned, almost colliding with Cas. He let out a startled gasp at the close proximity. He wanted nothing more than to lean in and kiss the man senseless but he took note of the look in the other man's eyes and he held back. Cas looked sad and he hated that look upon his face, it tugged painfully at his heart. “You okay?”
Thanks to everyone who has shown their support to my story, I really appreciate it because it really does mean the world to me.
Sorry for such a long wait. I'm an awful person. I had a huge problem with the chapter, I was unsure where I wanted it go. But I got there in the end.
talk to Cas. He can't let him do it, though, even if it is for Sammy. He hasn't voiced this yet, no point shooting something down if it doesn't need to be shot down. The longer this goes on though, the closer the argument gets.
With caution he watched Dean slowly uncurl himself and sit up, his legs now dangling over the edge of the bed, his feet not quite touching the floor, and his one hand was pressed into the mattress beside him, keeping him balanced, his other hand was gripping the towel tightly, ensuring it wouldn't fall. His eyes were still wide and Castiel watched with slight amusement at how his mouth opened and closed a few times. It wasn't very often anybody made Dean Winchester speechless, and a small, tiny part of him was revelling in the fact he had done that.
Dean didn't need to be told twice. The darkness closed in and then he was gone, drifting to the land of sleep as he felt Cas's breath ghost across his face.
Neither one of them felt the need to move, neither of them felt the need to talk. But as time wore on he knew they couldn't ignore this forever. He sucked air through his teeth, willing himself the courage to break the moment. “I'm sorry,” he whispered finally.
He can see Scott watching the bus pull out of the station. It’s a lonely feeling, watching him stand there. Like he’s abandoning this guy and his missing sister, just taking his money and leaving.
“Angels.” Adam closes his eyes. The headache hasn’t really gone away. It’s like someone is pressing their thumb against the back of his right eye. “I get demons, but why wouldn’t you want to talk to an angel?”
Dean opens his mouth and seems to not want Adam to describe it, probably in the interest of not triggering his younger half-brother into an episode of “supernatural PTSD” in his sister-in-law’s living room, but Adam ignores his muted protests, and reaches back into the dreams – memories.
They stand in front of the grave for a while longer, and then Dean turns away from the headstone. Sam isn’t in the ground. Sam is somewhere else, just like everyone else in the family. And someday he’ll be there, too.
He’s uncomfortable, all of a sudden. Well, more than before. “I was kinda thinking I would hitchhike.”
He turns his phone on and slides it across to Michael, who picks it up and reads the screen. It takes a few moments of blank staring before his brain registers the contents.
Kevin grimaces and shuts his laptop. “This is the kind of mystery I’d rather unpack on the road. It should only be a couple of hours until we get to your place, anyway.”
He can’t tell whether Kevin is buying him a bunch of clothes because he feels sorry for him, or because this is actually the amount of clothes a human being needs on the road. In a daze, he follows the guy through the thrift store, ending up with a few pairs of jeans, a pair of shoes, some socks, some t-shirts, two long-sleeved shirts, and a windbreaker. He’s not sure how Kevin knows they’ll fit him, but he’s not really in the state of mind to question things.
Windom is suburbs and farmland, but mostly farmland, so they pass long stretches of bare fields, brown dirt and withered stalks. More houses appear as they head to the center of the city, and at some point he begins to give Kevin instructions, which Kevin doesn’t question. It’s a gut thing. Turn left here. Pass two lights and take a right. Left here.
“He had a beard,” he says. “Dark hair. Uh, green eyes. Always wore heavy jackets and jeans. Kinda blue-collar getup.”
“We are not getting underwear from a Goodwill,” he says, and pushes him into Runnings, wherein he gets two packs of boxer briefs slapped into his hands. Kevin also does a little shopping for auto repair stuff. The guy at checkout doesn’t even raise an eyebrow.
It’s nearly dark and he stands still for a long while, debating whether to stay or keep walking. He decides to stay – there’s a shed behind the house. It’s sealed with a padlock but the strike plate is rusted through and the wooden frame is partially rotted. He pries the plate off as quietly as he can and opens the door slowly, wary of the creaking hinges, and steps inside, then closes the door behind him. There’s a window inside and it lets in the last light of sunset. The interior is a little dusty, but clean. There’s a lawnmower, rakes, a handsaw, hammers, boxes of nails, a set of power tools, garden shears, coiled extension cords, cans of motor oil and gasoline, a folded tarp. There is a stack of boards in the corner, probably intended to replace the rotting doorframe.
Kevin seems to think a little bit, biting the side of his lip. “It doesn’t necessarily have to mean anything. It’s just that usually, when this happens, it’s because someone else planned it. I don’t think I’ve ever seen it happen spontaneously before. Heaven and Hell and the other parties involved are pretty possessive of souls.”
He doesn’t really want to think about that, but Windom is the only place-name he remembers right now. Where is he going to go if not there? He doesn’t really want to drive around with Kevin forever – sure, he’s a nice guy, but his day job involves shanking actual vampires. And to be honest, he wants to be someplace familiar so he can start
hope y'all are staying safe during these trying times! wash hands, do a good social isolation practice, #flattenthecurve etc.
“It just felt right,” he says, then shakes his head, folding his arms. “I mean, it was the first one that popped into my head. Fun little Jeopardy fact for you, I was born on Michaelmas, so I spent most of my birthdays in church with my mom. Lutherans love that shit.”
It’s kind of a blur from there. The sympathy of the world has run out, maybe. Michael manages to play on the sympathies of truck drivers and passers-by who’ve been down on their luck before. The world shrinks down to gas stations and the roads between them as he coasts on the power of sheer hospitality. It’s probably four or five days napping in fast food chains and in passenger seats, scrounging up change for food, surviving on Dixie cups of water. He’s young, so people have sympathy.
“I couldn’t care less who he looks like,” not-Kate-Milligan says, brushing a wisp of blonde hair behind her ear. He looks up at her as she stands in front of him. She glances down at him contemptuously before she speaks again. “But John Winchester made ’em cute, at least.”
had to save your ass. You know how much that cost him? Cost us? I’m done paying for other peoples’ mistakes, Cas. So yeah, I’m going to sit here and drink myself stupid. I think I damn well earned it.”
I come back? Isn’t there  supposed to be some, like, grand moral judgement? Saint Peter ushers you through the Pearlies or boots you down to the lake of fire, and that’s final, right? So. Why.”
“Demons.” He doesn’t know why he’s surprised. If he’s willing to believe Castiel is an angel and can speak English, why not start believing in demons, too? But a giddy and not-insignificant part of his brain is still like:
The Midwestern trucker looks at him in consternation, but this seems par for the course or something, because Michael receives no help at all.
Valerie Newman watches as a trucker walks into the diner with a young man in tow. The young man is wearing a t-shirt that her daughter designed for their family reunion last year at Hershey Park. The front says
He’s suddenly sure that if he doesn’t find out why the hell he’s here, he’ll regret it for however long he ends up living.
“Two weeks,” Cas says. “And then you’ll be here, or you won’t. Your choice. I’ll do it if you don’t. Think of this as a... courtesy call.”
On the day Castiel goes down to fight the Behemoth, there is a strange silence in the air. Even his footsteps sound muffled when he walks to the Impala in the early morning. He eats breakfast as the sun peeks over the surrounding forest, then takes a bottle of water back to the car. There is a single ring of cloud in the sky, perfectly circular, hovering in the distance. He turns it into his guiding star, and soon he crosses into Mount Rainier National Park through a tunnel of dark green pines. He pulls the car over in one of the parking lots and takes a map from the information kiosk, trying to figure out which valley is under the smoke ring. Eventually he picks out a trail that runs around several of the most likely areas and starts walking.
“Look, I was gonna take you to the police or a hospital or something, but you don’t seem hurt, so before I decide where to take you, we’ll get something to eat. Sound good?”
“I worked with him for a while, and we had some personal issues. Look, I’m not saying the guy’s a saint, but it’s either that, or I drop you off on the side of the road, or you get killed on a hunt.”
Sam stared at him for a good minute. There was a little smile playing on Cas’s lips as he sipped from the bottle and he wasn’t sure –
The trucker shrugs. “To be honest, ma’am, I don’t think he’s dangerous. He seems like he’s been through something awful, to not remember how to order a drink.”
He heads into the men’s room at the gas station and does his duty, then washes his hands and wipes them on his jacket and when he glances up he sees his face in the mirror. He needs a shave. Interesting. He pokes at the bags under his eyes, and runs his fingers through his hair, which is getting a little longer.
“Nah.” Kevin tries to give him a reassuring smile. “Sam’s pretty, uh, sympathetic.” One way of putting it.
“No offense, but it looks like you’re going to ask me to cut my hand and participate in a blood ritual any second now.”
“There is,” Castiel continues as if he hadn’t snapped at him, “no consensus on how you might have been raised from Hell. There are certainly many parties interested in restoring Michael to his place in Heaven, but also many who are… against it. The only thing they can agree on is that he is still in the Cage, and hardly anyone bothered to notice your return. Jophiel suggested, not without reservation, that we might want to consult a demon.”
He receives a withering stare. “If anyone’s home, I’d want to talk to them. If it’s someone from around here, I wouldn’t want you showing your face at the door anyway. Do you want to unlock your brain or not?”
“Good thing you kept this number, then. So, funny story. I met this kid in some random Minnesota emergency room. He has no shoes on, and apparently he got intimately acquainted with a soccer mom’s front bumper, but he’s totally fine. Not a bruise on him. It’s just that he can’t remember a thing about who he is or where he’s from. Now, that sounds pretty weird to me.”
Cas was kissing him. That's what was happening. Shit. Cas was kissing him and he was stood frozen to the spot, not moving, not responding. What the hell was he doing? He'd been needing this for too long and now that it was happening, he wasn't kissing him back. What the hell?
Wrapping the towel around his waist, he padded out of the bathroom, a cloud of steam followed in his wake. His eyes caught Sam's and he froze. Sam was leaning against the wall opposite, his arms crossed and a frown upon his features. Once again panic was starting to bubble inside of him. Sam looked angry. He cursed himself for not thinking of anything to explain away his actions. He wasn't ready to tell his brother that he was in love with a guy, in love with an angel, in love with Cas.
Sam faced Castiel again with wide eyes. “What the hell is wrong with him?” Castiel ignored him as he took long strides across the room, feeling the pull of Dean. He would never be able to get away from it. He will never be able to be rid of this feeling, no matter what happens now, this will never disappear. He shoved past Sam and made his way towards Dean's room.
“I understand. Just… if you're going to leave, please can you just do it.” He was pleading with him, not knowing how long he could hold back for. Cas nodded in understanding. Dean loved the way he would always understand what he was trying to say without him actually having to use words. He turned to leave and Dean reached out, wrapping his fingers around his skinny wrist. “I just need you to know something first.” Cas nodded for him to continue. “I will always love you. No matter what. I will always love you and… You need to know that the time we've spent together, it's that happiest I've ever been. I will always be so grateful to you for that.”
“That's strange,” the doctor mumbled. Castiel stood, not letting go of Dean, not ready too. “His heart beat jumped a little.”
Cas understood completely. But could he promise this? No one knows what the future will bring, no one. But Dean wasn't done talking. He was just getting started. “I thought,” he continued, “that you didn't love me like I love you. When I saw you through the motel window and I saw you laughing with Sam, I thought you didn't want me, It fucking hurt, God did it hurt. But in that moment, Cas, I understood where it was all coming from. But then you told me about the Empty and it didn't just hurt. It was frustrating. To know that you actually did want me but I couldn't touch you the way we both needed to… It hurt more than thinking that you didn't want me. So, I need to know that this will never happen again. I need to know that if you don't want me, tell me but don't try and protect me like this. Never again. If you can do that… if you can promise me this, then yes. My answer will be yes. But if you can't… then you need to leave and we will forget about all of this.”
As he watched Cas walk away, he tried to put his broken thoughts back together again. Why was Cas hurt? Why did he feel that pain in his chest at the sight of it? He tried to reason with himself it was because Cas was his best friend. He cared about the dude, so sue him. What he'd been feeling for years was just a sexual attraction, nothing more, nothing less.
Hopefully this was the end of all that shit, hopefully this was the beginning of something fantastic. Only time would tell.
“What?” Sam's face paled and all the fight left him. It didn't make Cas's anger fade, not even a little. He hated how he was feeling, hated how he was always the first person to be perceived as the enemy, he hated these up and down emotions.
Last time, he’d hopped in the Impala and driven almost across the country. Dingy motels. Shady bars. Pine trees. Staticky news channels where anchors discussed the fall of SucroCorp. Ran over a dog, then moved to Texas. And the time before that, he’d buried his brother in Pontiac, Illinois, then drank blood like whiskey. And the time before that, he buried him in Dunnellon, Florida, then hunted for six months until he slammed a stake through Bobby’s back. And the hundred times before that he’d woken up, and woken up, and woken up. The two times he’d stopped it, he’d killed someone.
He reached over to pat Sam’s haystack head, laughing over his little brother’s indignant yelling. He was happy. God only knew why, but he was, light as a feather and swift as the wind. Sam told him he was an asshole, but Sam was just a kid, and they had miles to go before Richwood, and the same number of years ahead of them.
Scott runs a hand through his short, gelled-back hair, and sighs. “It’s just an act of goodwill, dude. What am I supposed to do, send you out into the night?” When Michael just shrugs, he softens a little more. “I had a family member go missing last year. ’Nough said. I don’t like the idea of people just wandering out there, alone. C’mon.”
“I thought you guys weren’t into therapy.” He takes a napkin from the little holder at the end of the table and blows his nose before anything embarrassing can come out. “Sorry.”
It does not get better. Michael wakes them all up with his screaming each of the following four nights. On the sixth day of his residence in the Newman family home, they sit around the breakfast table, all of them clearly exhausted. Michael has deep bags under his eyes and he’s slouching forward over the table. David and Martha find it difficult to move around without various aches and pains flaring up. And no more memories arise.
David comes home that evening to a strange boy in his kitchen pulling a casserole out of the oven while Martha is setting the table. Setting his boots to the side, he ventures down the hall and pokes his head into the room.
Adam thinks of Kevin and Sam, even though they’re not brothers – the quiet rage he simmered in, all the way from the motel to Sam’s driveway, still trusting him to have answers, to be willing to help. Thinks of his mom, her sister, the only family they still talked to after he was born, the tight smiles at Christmas and Thanksgiving, the visits to the hospital until there was no more reason to go.
“Buzz off. We’re gonna have to stop at a secondhand store today so you’re not running around looking like you just got out of bed.”
“Spring Mills, West Virginia. It’ll take about a day with no rest stops, but I’m used to long drives, so it’ll be fast for you.”
“Singer Salvage,” Dean completes, and something itches in the back of Adam’s mind. “Yeah. There’s always the bunker.”
The trucker looks up at her and gives her a polite smile. His hat is on the seat next to him over a copy of the local newspaper, and he’s got a trustworthy vibe.
“Well, there are some like that,” Kevin says. “I know a couple myself. You don’t get very far without knowing people, and there aren’t very many of us to get to know. But I guess I just work differently. I didn’t grow up like they did. I wasn’t a tough kid, physically speaking.”
Scott helps him back into his seat. It’s a little humiliating, no lie, but there’s a little too much going on for him to care overly much about it. The cup of coffee is back in his hand, a little ember of warmth.
There are no sounds for a while except the rasp of the rake across the grass and the swish of her broom against the wooden beams. A few birds flitter in and out of the trees, their inquisitive calls echoing in the sunlit woods. Michael is quite methodical, although his brow is continually furrowed as if trying to recall something important. Bit by bit, the grass reappears and the yard is spotted with piles of yellow leaves. They fill a few garbage bags with the leaves and tie them off, leaving them on the patio for later.
Dean arrives in Ashford, Washington, with three days to spare. He resurrects an old habit and checks out the local newspapers over coffee in a diner, rubbing shoulders with hikers and campers from out of state. Just as he’s expected, strange things have been happening in these parts – freak thunderstorms pouring down from a blue sky, flashing lightning and rainbows; strange seismic tremors; windows shattering spontaneously in empty rooms; flowers growing and blooming out of season; strange lights in the night sky; visions of dead family members. All in the past two weeks. There must be a shitload of angels in the area.
“I dunno. Usually people have to agree to leave the afterlife, and usually resurrection involves the direct intervention of some divine agency.”
There was a snowball fight going on the length of the street between the Briggs’s house and Mr. Richards’s. Allison shrieked with laughter as he sprinted through the fifteen yards of chaos in question, dodging a few snowballs, and clamped her mittened hands on either side of his head. He laughed.
“I’m fine,” he says, but it still feels like there’s a fist clenching around his heart and he doesn’t have the slightest idea why.
“I have to get to Minnesota. That’s – I think that’s where my family is. I remembered just before I fell asleep.”
“It’s really 2020,” he says, dumbfounded. That seems to be the most significant detail he’s come across.
“I told you when we met that your spiritual stuff seems kind of weird. Like, I don’t even notice most peoples’ souls, or internal energies, or qi, or whatever you want to call it. I think that might have something to do with it. Maybe someone’s trying to hide you.”
Cas couldn't be dead. It wasn't possible. He's was resting, that was all. The tears were coming faster now, now that the realisation was sinking in. Cas may never wake up, he thought. He pushed back a sob as he watched Cas's lifeless form and closed his eyes against the death grip the grief had on his heart.
“Dean-” Cas's lust voice filled the room, breaking the spell Dean had been under. Panic surged its way through him and he suddenly tried to move away. But Cas held him firm. “Don't.” He didn't stop. Couldn't. He'd never done this before. Not with a man. Never been the submissive one like that. “Don't run. I won't do anything you don't want to. Just don't run from me again.” Cas spun Dean back around and he froze at the pleading look in Cas's eyes.
Just as he went to turn and leave, the door opened. Castiel's heart started hammering in his chest, his eyes widened and panic took over. The cowards way out wasn't going to happen now. He allowed his eyes to graze over Dean. He looked exhausted, but he had a lot more colour in him now, and he looked a lot fresher. His eyes latched onto Dean's, and Castiel was slightly taken aback by the shock in them.
“Okay, here it goes.” Cas narrowed in his eyes as if he was trying to work out a very difficult puzzle. “I really did mean what I said, Cas. I'm done running.” Cas looked at him sceptically, unsure of where Dean was going with this. “That's why I need to be honest with you.”
As he stared Cas down, he could feel his heart hammering away in panic. The urge to grip him tight, hold him close and never let go was becoming overwhelming. Dean watched the hardened blue eyes soften slightly, as though the angel could read his mind. The argument had been going on for about ten minutes now. Cas wanted to scope the place out, to see if he could sense anything, to find out any information before Sam and Dean went in all guns blazing. As much as he understood where Cas was coming from, he couldn't help but think that if he allowed this, then something bad might happen. Dean didn't know if he was strong enough for that, didn't know if he could handle losing him, especially after they'd only just started sorting themselves out. Bottom line: he needed Cas and he couldn't risk him.
He didn't have time to respond before Dean was licking and tasting him. Cas grabbed the back of his head, pushing them closer. The kiss was heated, their hands groping each other, as though the other couldn't get enough. Dean moaned and pressed his body closer, trapping him. He didn't care though, he loved the feeling of this. He just hated how he wouldn't get to do this for a few days, at least.
Panic tore away at his insides. This was it. He was going to lose him. After everything they'd been through, physically and emotionally, this was the end. The end of everything. The end of hope and love. The end of Dean Winchester as everyone knew him. He would not come back from this. He would never be who he was before.
“I don't understand.” Castiel tilted his head to the side and waited patiently for Sam to clear things up.
Cas pulled away too soon, leaving him whimpering for more. When he opened his eyes, he saw the same love he'd felt in that kiss written upon the angels face. He allowed a slow lazy smile to crawl across his face and he stroked the back of his hand down his face, feeling the rough stubble. It itched like mad, but it didn't matter, it felt awesome beneath his skin. Cas smiled in return and it made Dean's heart jump with happiness.
Cas looked to his feet, frowning. “Because… Because the way you and Sam were talking… You had made it sound like I wasn't… I wasn't capable.” Cas looked up, begging for understanding. He couldn't understand though. The anger was being pushed away by the confusion.
But Cas forced himself to look into Dean's eyes. Dean held contempt and anger but Cas made sure he saw that he was hurting him by saying these words. He had expected his eyes to soften, just a little, but they didn't. “I don't want to leave.” He hated how exposed he sounded, how vulnerable, how broken he was.
“We should move,” Dean finally said, feeling the stickiness between them. Cas sighed and waved a hand, cleaning him. He shouldn't use his grace like this, but right now, he really didn't care.
She stalks towards him and the man backs up. There's nowhere for him to run. The smell of fear is strong through the room, coming of him in waves. All Sam can do is watch, watch as she gets closer, watch as she brings her hand up and grips him round the neck. For a moment, as she squeezes, sending his face blushing red and eyes popping, Sam thinks that she's just going to choke the life out of him.
As much as Dean wanted to say something, he also figured that Cas might just need space. After all he was new to the whole emotion thing. That put another thought in his head. What if Dean had it all wrong? What if Cas wasn't… didn't have these feelings for him? Not in the way he thought anyway. Or what if Cas wasn't entirely sure what he was feeling? Maybe he should suck it up and be a supportive friend without the panicking from his part. Maybe Cas just needs him to be a friend.
He had expected Dean to push away, to look sad and wistful at the same time but he didn't. He smiled happily at him, pushing his fingers through Cas's dark hair still. “I know,” was all he said and Castiel allowed himself to indulge in the moment.
A knock sounded at the door, breaking whatever spell they were under, sending reality crashing in around them. Dean jerked in surprise, panic filling him up, making him want to run. But he forced himself to stay put. The look Cas was sending him making him want to stay, making him not want to run. He was pleading with him.
He looks at the clock on the wall. Its been an hour. Another hour to wait. He opens the door to the motel and steps out. The sun is bright and he has to squint at first. When his eyes adjust to the light, he looks up and down the street, hoping to see his brother walk round the corner at any moment. But he doesn't. Of course he doesn't. He sighs and walks back into the stuffy motel room. Its the middle of summer and the room is hotter than outside.
She makes him see it all. All the carnage that they have created together. So many bodies. Torn apart for the sheer pleasure of it. That's all it was. Pleasure. She had torn at these bodies like it was just any ordinary day, twisting and scraping along their insides. And she had made him watch it all. Ten bodies altogether. Ten humans. Ages ranging from the young to the old. It doesn't matter who they were, not to her. While he wants to be sick from it all, she laughs a wicked laugh, revelling in his torment.
A few more moments had passed, Dean mumbling 'no', over and over again. Eventually he turned to look at Cas. Cas's eyes were filled with concern now and Dean ignored it. He couldn't go there. “Please, just help me get Sam to the car.” He looked down at the angel with pleading eyes, pleading to just drop it, to leave it alone.
The silence was filled with tension, tension that poured off Cas in furious waves. Dean shifted uncomfortably on the bed, his eyes darting to Cas. He was sat at the motel table, his arms on his legs, hands clasped together and his head dipped. He looked so deflated, so vulnerable. Dean had never seen him like that, ever. He'd always seemed so powerful, so commanding. But as Dean watched him, he didn't feel any of that power radiating off him. He seemed almost defeated. Perhaps he was. Perhaps he was defeated in the sense that he couldn't fight his emotions any more.
“Cas!” Dean moaned unable to hold back. And Cas loved the way his name sounded on those perfect lips, loved the way he said it with so much ecstasy. Dean leaned his head up, turned and kissed him full on the lips. His hips still rolled, he still lifted and sat back down. Castiel loved how warm he was, loved how his heat surrounded him completely and he never wanted this moment to end. Never.
A light tap sounded on the door, startling him. Slowly, and carefully, he extracted himself from Cas, trying desperately not to wake him and moved around the bed to answer the door. When he swung the door open, he saw Sam's grim face. He didn't look very happy, in fact, he was using his 'I'm happy for you and everything, but we have a major situation here' face. Dean sighed, and placed a finger against his lips. Sam nodded his understanding and stepped back, Dean followed, closing the door softly behind him.
“You want me,” Cas said, his voice full of his angelic power, dangerously so. “I'm here. You want to kill me, then let Dean Winchester go and you can have me.”
“No. Its you, Sam and me. That's how its always been. We'll deal with it. If the time comes, then we'll deal with it together. Like we always do.”
Sam had insisted on trying that stupid chicken place or whatever the hell it was, convinced that if Jack was hungry he would go there. Dean didn't believe it for one second as he watched his brother enter through the glass doors. He let out a weary sigh, exhaustion taking over. His thoughts once again drifted their way into his mind, thoughts of that angel and his stupid trench coat that Dean really loved. He closed his eyes against the pain of seeing him in his mental eye, wearing the coat, wearing that suit that fit him just great, wearing that crooked tie that Dean imagined one day he would use it to pull him into a burning kiss.
Cas barely manages to get in before Dean is peeling out of the parking lot. He needs a shower, needs to scrub away the smell and the blood that probably still clings to him, then he will get blind drunk in the hopes that he can wipe away this horrific memory.
This had Castiel reeling backwards in shock. He'd scared him. He was too forceful. This was just another reason this needed to end now, before they got in too deep. But Castiel knew that the both of them were in this way too deep already. “I didn't mean to scare you.”
There was hope in his voice and Dean couldn't help but look him in the eye. Cas looked just as vulnerable and exposed as he did and he knew that he had to do this, for them both. “Yes.”
The bunker shook again, somehow more violent than the last one. It wasn't going to take this creature long to get through. They needed a plan and they needed it now.
It could have a been minuets, it could have been hours for all Dean knew, and still he hadn't moved an inch when another knock sounded at the door. This one sounded different, more hesitant, more nervous. He didn't move though, didn't make a sound. Whatever Sammy wants, it can't be good if he's knocking like that. A few moments passed and the door slowly swung open and still Dean couldn't bring himself to move, to look at his brother. He knew, deep down, that he should move, should show signs that he really was okay, just to stop Sam from worrying, but he couldn't do it. He couldn't escape this constant pain that had rapidly enveloped him whole.
He really was trying. Trying to get over Dean was harder than he ever thought it would be. He knew he needed to do this, to move on. Not just for Dean though, although that's what kept him going. He needed to do this for himself. He felt the darkness surrounding him, swallowing him whole. There seemed to be no end to the pain he was in and he simply just didn't know how to cope any more. Normally he would go to Dean for guidance and clearly he couldn't do that, not about this. Dean would listen, he would be a friend, of course he would, but he would also look at Castiel with pity and sorrow. Castiel didn't want Dean to feel sorry for him, not about this. He just needed to forget for a while.
The whistle kept up its tune, but nothing else could be heard. Dean debated with himself. Should he go and investigate? Or should he stay here and wait for that thing to come to them? He looked at his brother, only to discover he was also having the same debate, he could see it in the way he was twitching his arms, shuffling his feet.
The raging hangover bangs a whole orchestra behind his skull. He clutches at his head as he guzzles down some water, relieving himself from a parched mouth. It had been stupid of him to get crazy drunk last night, he needs to stay sober to help his brother, but those images from the other motel wouldn't leave him alone. Even now, they plague his vision.
“Stay.” He watched as Cas smiled gently down at him, the love and happiness of it hitting Dean in the chest, causing him to feel all warm and content. Cas laid next to him, facing the ceiling. Dean didn't want to cuddle, didn't want to feel that needy, so instead he rolled onto his side and gripped Cas's hand into his own, linking their fingers. Cas turned to look at him, shocked for a moment before he turned back to stare at the ceiling.
Dean looked at his brother, a questioning look in his eyes. His eyes flicked quickly to Castiel then back to his brother. Castiel also looked at Sam. “There's nothing here.”
Dean smirked at him and his eyes finally landed on him. “Yeah, okay. I'll let you have that one. You were right, though.”
Cas didn't hold back, thrusting full force of an angel into Dean, hitting his prostate every time. “Dean, it feels so good.”
He watched with fascination as Dean narrowed his eyes on him, the shade of them darkening slightly. “Cas.”
Dean leant forward, pressing a brief but pleasurable kiss to his lips, when he pulled back to look him in the eyes, he finally understood what Dean had been talking about all these years. The way Cas looked at him with such intensity was now mirrored in Dean's eyes.
A warmth spread through him at his answer. He was allowing Sam the opportunity to say that he wanted it to be just the two of them. Cas was so selfless, so thoughtful, that he was willing to put Sam's needs above his own.
Dean brought his hands up to cup the angel's face. “I love you,” he whispered. He needed to say it, needed Cas to know that he really does. He watched as Cas's eyes widened for a moment before filling with pure happiness, a crooked smile on his lips. In answer he placed his lips on Dean's again and continued with the button on his jeans. It was a closed mouth kissed, with a slight pressure and Dean groaned deep in his throat with the feeling of it.
“I'm going out for food,” Sam announced and Castiel tore his eyes away from Dean to look back at him. There was silence as Sam made his way out of the bunker, Impala keys in hand, the only sound were his footsteps against metal, then the slam of the heavy door.
“I have information concerning that angel problem you and the Winchesters are working on.” That caught his attention and he slowly rounded on her again. Her eyebrows were raised as to say 'I knew that would get you to talk'. He didn't say anything. Instead he waited patiently for her to continue. For a few moments she stayed silent, and he started to wonder if she would elaborate or if this was her trying to manipulate him again.  “They blame you, Castiel. They believe that everything that's happened, it was your fault.”
Before he could say anything else, the sound of wings reached his ears and she was gone. He stood frozen to the spot. His mind trying to work out what had just happened. Was she telling the truth? Was there really rouge angels? Or was this all her, manipulating him again? He couldn't be sure, but he knew that the Winchesters needed to know. Without hesitation he fluttered off, vanishing just as Naomi had before him.
Warning II: I forgot to put this warning at the beginning of the last chapter. In this story I do pant Dean as bit of a dick, so I apologise for that.
Groaning, he switched off the shower and stepped out. Laying on the toilet seat was some clean clothes and a towel. He wondered if it was Sam or Cas. Sam wouldn't have thought of this. It had to have been Cas. Warmth spread through him, starting at his heart and working its way out. His anger vanished immediately.
Castiel shook his head, disappointment flooding his system. That's not a proper answer and Dean knew it. “I'm not asking you to. It's just, I need to know, Dean. I've put myself on the line so many times in the past couple of months, only to be shot down and burned, every single time. I need to know. You don't have to label it. Just explain it to me.”
“I missed you, too, Dean.” Cas's voice stayed gruff even as a whisper and the sound of it sent jolts of excitement through his body.
They move over to the stairs and start moving up them, his feet clanging against the metal. Two flights of stairs later, the finally reach the right door. He raps on it, the sound echoing around them. There's no answer and he gives Cas a look that says
They had now moved on from there motel and they were moving on to the next town that had another angel attack. The Impala was quiet, the darkness seeping in through the windows. His brother was asleep in the passenger seat, his head leaning against the glass. Cas was in the back seat, sulking. Cas had wanted to go on and start investigating to get a head start. Dean had completely dismissed the idea, saying they should stay together, so if there was an attack they'd be able to fight it off better with the three of them. They'd argued for all of ten minutes before Sam finally put his opinion across. He'd agreed with Dean. That had finally swayed Cas to oblige, didn't mean he had to like it though.
Dean noted down the address of the motel, thanked him and hung up. This news wasn't exactly good news. In fact it just increased his worry. What was Sam doing in a warehouse full of dead people? He put the phone back to his ear. Cas answers in his usual greeting, sending an array of butterflies floating through his stomach. He pushes the feeling away and focuses on telling Cas about the phone call.
She smiled warmly at him, her head tilting slightly. This made him want to punch her all the more. He had no idea how he was keeping himself under control. “We need to talk.”
He can feel two demons kneeling on his arms, one on each. He can feel two demons doing the same to his legs. The woman, Christie, sits upon his waist and smiles down at him. Its not evil. Just smug. He bucks his hips, moves his arms, kicks his legs. But its all pointless. He's not going anywhere and they know it.
Soft moans drifted from that alley and suddenly it became too much, too fast. As he disappeared, he finally knew.
Those few little words sent a shiver through Dean. He was bringing his angel to the end, he was doing this to him, making him fall apart. “Come for me, Cas.”
Dean's eyes softened too, but only for a moment, then they hardened again. Without saying a word, he stormed out of the room. Castiel flinched at the sound of the door slamming shut. This was bad. This was far worse than he had originally thought. This was tearing Dean in two.
This was a different kind of heart break. A type of heart break that he knew he wouldn't get over all that quickly. One that would keep his shattered heart a mix of broken pieces that he would never be able to put back together again.
Yes. He truly does know why. He looks Cas up and down for a moment. Making a decision. If he lets Cas leave, that will be it. Their friendship would be over and he would never see him again. Could he allow that? Maybe for Cas. But he needs him and he can't let go.
He turned to leave again, the pain in his chest expanding, when Dean's voice rang out. “Do you even know what's holding me back?”
But he didn't want to. He didn't want to leave him, not again. “I-” Why couldn't he just say it? He frowned.
Castiel witnessed Dean frowning again. He prayed he'd give him the right answer, prayed he would give in and tell him exactly what he needed to know. Dean sighed. “I'm not ready to label this yet, Cas.”
Now, all he could think about was the reason. Slowly, he continued walking, his eyes darting from side to side, the tears drying on his face as he thought about what his next move should be. What had he thought the reason was? His first initial thought had been Cas had come to the conclusion Dean wasn't what he wanted, not really and he was just trying to let him down gently. Now, though, that look was haunting him.
“What does that mean?” Sam asked, hope in his voice. He shouldn't hope, not yet. It had been too long since he'd seen Dean's eyes, since he'd heard his beautiful voice. He couldn't hope yet.
He watched as a stray tear fell down Cas's cheek. Dean could see the struggle, could sense it, Cas was trying hard to hold back his own tears, but he was losing the battle. “Because I can't.”
Cas's eyes brightened with pure happiness as he digested what Dean was saying. Then he closed the gap, placing his wet lips on his. It was soft, gentle and hesitant. It wasn't enough. Dean pushed forward, putting on the pressure and Cas finally responded by opening his mouth. He darted his tongue inside, tasting Cas's luscious mouth. It made his head dizzy with arousal, made his cock leak with pre-come, made it beg to be free.
“You can't leave, Cas. He needs you!” His brother's voice was low and steady, but it held accusation and anger. Sam was trying to fix this. Even Dean knew that the only person that could fix this was him.
He hoped neither would happen. He hoped when Cas returned, they would be back to normal. Friends and none of this awkwardness. It was too much to hope for. Things would always be different, that much obvious.
Sighing, he took the mug of coffee and shuffled off down the corridor. He'd heard Dean turn off the shower, heard him enter his room, and Castiel knew exactly what Dean had been thinking when he saw it empty. But he needed space, they both did. He had honestly thought about just staying, proving to Dean that he wasn't just going to up and leave him, but he couldn't, not when they had made love mere inches away. Instead of thinking about Dean running and the problem that they possess, all he could think about was the way Dean had felt, clenching around him, his erection rubbing against Castiel's stomach, the way Dean had looked when he had finally tipped over the edge. No, he had needed the space from that, from those amazing images.
