Miracle chews on one of Dean’s unwashed socks while the boys sit at the large bunker table. At one end are document scanners hooked up to laptops, and the other is covered with several stacks of books. In the middle of this book forest are Sam and Dean, each flipping through dusty books.
"Well I'm sure I'd be just as scarred as you and Sam if John had spent any time around me growing up."
Dean's eyes reflect revelation. Every muscle in his face relaxes as a weight from within his soul is washed away after a lifetime of weighing him down. For the first time, it doesn't hurt to breathe. And there's a sweetness to the air.
“How can I know my subconscious when I don't even know who I am? I’m a walking contradiction. Am I the replica of my dad he trained me up to be? I got the car and the leather jacket and the classic rock all sayin’ yes, but I… That ain’t all I’ve been this last decade. The truth is, I listen to Taylor Swift when nobody’s looking. I wore Rhonda Hurley’s pink satin panties and liked it. I’ve read every book George R. R. Martin ever wrote. I cry at the end of The Notebook every time I watch it, and I think if my dad saw me now he’d put a bullet in my head.” His voice cracks, and tears well in his frightened green eyes. He isn’t afraid of dying, but of knowing himself. “And the one person who knows me better than me, I let die for me. But I don't even know why he'd do that. I’m too angry all the time, and I drink too much, and push folk away because it’s easier. And because I’m too damn scared to strip all those things away. I wish I wasn’t so scared all the time."
." Michael climbs into the back seat to make room. While Dean and Cas sprint into the Impala, Dean begins reciting the backwards spell to reopen the portal.
“Wow, did you ransack a pharaoh’s tomb for that?” Before Sam can respond with anything other than a sassy glare, they hear Eileen’s footsteps approach and scramble to hide the ring.
Dean halts on a handwritten page of a Men of Letters journal. “Guys, check this out. It’s coordinates to another Men of Letter’s bunker north of Amarillo, Texas. Looks like it points to the bunker’s secret entrance with instructions for an unlocking spell.”
"Makes sense to me. The Void is closer to being like a god than an angel in the Empty. It makes sense it'd have God juice instead of angel grace," comments Dean.
"It's good to finally meet you. If it weren't for your resurrection spell, I would still be a ghost," Eileen replies. "I can't thank you enough," she adds in sign language.
Dean huffs out a bitter laugh. "Yeah that's probably true.” Gradually his self-deprecating smile drops. He continues, almost to himself, “I spent my childhood always torn between making my dad proud, or hoping I'd never see him again. Split between raising Sammy and trying to have a life of my own. Then constantly sacrificing myself for anyone else and not knowing whether it’s really because I care, or just because dying a hero is a hell of a lot easier than looking in the mirror and seeing a bad guy. All the good folks who’ve died because of me… I got more regrets than things to be proud of. And now I’ve got until this damned car stops burning to tie together every piece of me that’s been pulled in different directions? Where would I even start? I'm too fucked up to be stitched back together.
“It’s good to be back.” As he pulls away, Sam grimaces at the dark residue left on his flannel. His clothes are in better condition than Dean or Cas’, though. Hopefully it comes out in the wash. Dean doesn’t seem to mind, as he takes another look at Cas in the light of day, as if to verify this is all real, and then pulls him in for another long embrace. The others avert their eyes. Something about this moment feels too intimate to be witnessed.
Aaron sighs in frustration. "Because the Shadow is a creature of disunity and separation. It doesn't mean to be, but the same spark that gives it power and light also causes it anguish and disharmony." He pauses to catch his breath. "At least according to the overly poetic journal entries of some former Men of Letters."
The final word of the spell is punctuated by Dean shifting into reverse and stomping on the gas. The other men lurch forward, bracing themselves on anything they can. Even through the flames enveloping their windows, an overwhelming brightness overtakes their surroundings. Glorious light swallows every ounce of darkness whole. Its rays find every dark corner and sleepless soul. The light can’t enter the protected seal of the Impala, but Dean finds himself shielding his eyes nonetheless. In contrast, Cas’ blue eyes are glued upwards in awe and recognition, brimming with new tears. His previous grin has returned in full force.
Now all four sit at the large table. Adam and Dean are searching and scanning books, while Miracle naps under the table. Sam kisses Eileen’s cheek and looks over her shoulder to where she’s researching local wedding venues. The antique engagement ring is visible on her ring finger.
On command, black goo rises up and solidifies to form an obsidian scythe in Billie's hands. The arms of the damned tighten their grip on the Shadow's arms and legs, rendering it immobile. Billie tightens her grip, tilts her head, and says, "Sweet dreams."
In a matter of seconds, Rowena has lit the lock of Dean’s hair on fire, Eileen lights her match on the flame, Sam lights his pile of strange ingredients on fire, Rowena drops the lock of hair into her own ingredient pile at the base of the flammable archway, Eileen tosses the burning match the short distance to the Impala, and the last thing Dean and Adam see before every window becomes a bright flame, is how the arch ignites and becomes a portal to the deepest blackness. The void.
Looking at his older brother’s face, Sam could tell this wasn’t an impulsive decision. His brother seemed calm and happy for the first time in over a year. Maybe ever. He certainly understood the gravity of this, even if the Impala never meant as much to him as it did to Dean. “Okay,” Sam concedes. “Let it burn.”
“You might be fine forgetting about Cas, but I won’t abandon Michael. He and I are a package deal.” The sudden fire in Adam’s tone and the determination in his eyes startles Sam.
But there is no time to celebrate. A gargled shriek slices the thin air. A tremor quakes the ground. Black liquid condenses to form the Shadow. Mouth distorted in pain, it screams while slinking forward unnaturally. "WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?!" it screeches deafeningly. A soft ambient light gradually replaces the pitch black sky, reflecting off the endless shallow ocean of rippling black sludge. Startled by the illumination, The Shadow’s skin begins flaking away, the bits flying upward like iron fragments to some greater magnet. "I can hear every creature in this place. They're waking up. They're ALL waking up." The Shadow's inky black hands grasp at its ears, attempting to regain the silence of sleep. The sound of millions of distant whispers grows in a frantic crescendo.
Adam is the first to break the silence by saying, “Is this supposed to make sense? I don’t even know what half these words mean.”
Eyes still turned upward, Cas mumbles, “It was nice to see you, Jack,” with a proud smile on his chapped lips.
Once she leaves the room, Dean drops his bags, turns closer to Sam, and asks, “Did you get it? Lemme see!”
"The Shadow's strength is its greatest weakness. It's basically cursed by being a divided creature overstimulated with the most potent energy in existence. If you unite the Shadow's distorted divine energy with the true godly divine source, the Shadow will be at peace. Whatever that means."
After waving goodbye and closing Zoom, the younger Winchester turns to the other. "I bet I could get some kind of linking spell from Rowena so your Metanoia can directly affect the Shadow. I'll throw her a text while you figure out a way to surround yourself in burning holy oil without turning extra crispy." Sam tosses his brother a snarky grin, met with an unamused deadpan.
Closing his medieval bestiary with a heavy sigh, Dean says, “Nothing about the Empty in this one either.”
Dean’s eyes glow iridescent with the grace channeling through him. He sees from Cas’ point of view as the incorporeal interdimensional wavelength of cosmic proportion smashed through a gateway to Hell all those years ago. A beacon brighter and warmer than anything around it guides his way like a lighthouse after months at sea. He’s searching for something so radiant and pure: detectable even from the farthest corners of perdition. And yet something about that energy is familiar to Dean. “Is that… my soul?”
SO MUCH LORE I'm so sorry. The entire first half of this chapter is basically a research paper of everything I learned about Jewish magic, Jewish mystical Kabala, and for some reason Carl Jung and an article I read of how he combined psychology with mysticism, which seemed exactly like something the spn writers would make canon.
"Hello boys," chimes Rowena from the kitchen entrance. "And hello to this beautiful lady. You must be the wondrous Eileen little lovestruck Sammy is always mentioning. Love the ring, by the way."
"I found what sounds like instructions for a ritual. I'll email you the full translation, but the gist of it is: recite this spell while entirely encased in burning holy oil to enter the Empty. Then, before the fire is extinguished, say the spell backwards to exit. Seems simple enough."
Adam's head shoots up from where he had been praying intensely in the passenger’s seat. His eyes fill with the telltale glow of archangel possession as Michael returns to his vessel. "I can't believe you actually did it," one of the two men remarks with their shared voice.
Before we begin, I would just like to say: Please do not enter burning cars. If the vehicle you are in catches fire, exit that vehicle. Let's all just agree to some hand-wavy magical holy fire physics now, shall we? Anyway, enjoy!
"It sounds like we're still missing something. The Shadow won't give a crap if I reach nirvana," Dean comments.
?’ These are Hebrew phrases, right? And look,” Sam says, pointing to the page header, “This was written by a Hassidic rabbi. He was mentioned once in one of the Men of Letters journals at our bunker.”
"So I assume you already know how allegedly the Empty existed before God created the multiverse in the big bang. And how God created the multiverse by pouring some of their divine light into a vessel, then shattering that vessel into infinite pieces to exist throughout each new universe?"
"Yeah, when it lists the instructions for the spell it mentions how only certain people can travel through the veil in this way. It requires a
“It is. Even broken, beaten, chewed up and spat out, there was still a light in you that could never be extinguished. It was the most beautiful thing I’d ever seen- and I’ve seen everything.”  With Cas' fingertips still attached to his temple, Dean rests his forehead on Cas’ to ground him from the overwhelmingly immersive experience.
Adam begins silently praying to Michael, his hopes renewed. One last step and Cas stands face to face with his Dean Winchester. Before Dean has a chance to overcome his shock, the angel takes an impulsive risk. One goo-covered hand tenderly rests its fingertips on Dean’s temple, like handling a precious antique vase.
Dean swallowed.  "It was hard," he admitted, keeping his voice low.  "Trying to take Dad off the pedestal I've put him on for so long is tough, but it's getting easier."
"I don't expect you to play for me if you don't want to," Castiel told him.  "But perhaps it might help you to play for yourself.  Music can be very therapeutic."
"That's quite alright," he said stiffly.  "But perhaps Dean is right.  I shouldn't have answered without Dean's consent.  I just wanted to ensure you wouldn't say anything to Ellen or Ash."  While he understood Dean's need for time, and also valued their privacy, a  part of him just wanted to shout from the rooftops that he was in love and he was happy.
"Balthazar gave me his spare key, but I didn't take it with me when I left this morning because I knew he'd still be at home when I got back.  I asked him if he'd drop my stuff off but he's refusing."
"I was four, Sam was just a baby.  Six months old," Dean said after a moment.  "There was a fire.  Dad gave Sam to me, told me to get him out.  I always thought that maybe, just maybe, if I'd have been faster to get to him, and take Sam from him, that he'd have been able to save mom, too.  He was never the same after that.  I practically raised Sam – Dad just raised the bottle to his mouth most nights."
Middle of the night or not, Dean recognised the mess of dark hair that contrasted with his pale skin.
Curiously, Cas tore the wrapping paper off, revealing the green and blue stockings he'd been admiring the other day.
Dean chuckled.  "I was going to suggest one each, but I think you might need two to yourself.  Hey!" he protested when a hand hit him lightly on the thigh.  "I'm driving here!"
When they reached their apartment there was no space, so Dean let Cas out and parked further along the street.  He turned the engine off but, instead of getting out straight away, he sat there for a long moment.  He'd been humiliated tonight by his friends, and in front of his friends  Bending over, he reached down and retrieved the napkin from the footwell.  He smoothed it out over his knee and looked at the numbers written in black ink.  Going against his instincts, he leaned across the seat and stuffed it in the glove box.
"No, no, no, no, No," he repeated, sensing that Dean was clearly not going to get the message. This wasn't an option! This wasn't up for discussion! This was madness and for a frightening moment Castiel thought he had been cast into damnation and this was to be his eternal punishment – hearing Dean innocently ask him to marry him and being forced to reject his sweet human every time.
Castiel could only stare into Dean's eyes begging for understanding and knowing he would receive none. Dean couldn't know what torment it was to stay away from him, how every time he felt Dean's need he had to physically restrain himself to the point where he'd collapse from sheer exhaustion and pain…all foreign concepts to Castiel.
Dean's lips were swollen and his cheeks were tinged pink. Cas let out a pent up sigh as he let his head fall against Dean's shoulder, trying to calm himself down. He knew his desire was painfully obvious to Dean, which would explain his reluctance to just let it happen.
"Dean I'm not going to pretend I don't know what you're talking about. What I need to know, however, is how you feel about everything I just said."
It wasn't until the entrance of a second finger that Dean began to feel slight discomfort. Sensing this, Castiel concentrated on his healing powers to allow Dean's body to become more accepting and Dean suddenly felt a cool, slickness that accompanied Cas's gentle prodding. Castiel felt Dean's body meld against his fingers and moved to plant a gentle kiss upon Dean's lips, chin, and nose before returning to his mouth – opening the seam of his lips so he could mimic the movement of his fingers with his tongue.
"Dean tell me what I can do." Castiel spoke against his neck while inhaling deeply – Dean's scent was unparalleled – a combination of sandalwood, leather, and something characteristically Dean.
"Do you want me to stop, Dean?" Castiel looked sincere, but something in his eyes told Dean he was only asking to be polite.
"Cas…" He was about to tell the dumb shit that wasn't the gift, but he decided he'd like to have a little more fun before letting Cas off the hook.
By the end of the day he'd forgotten about the exchange with Bobby – a newly discovered oil leak on top of the list of repairs he already had to do had kept him busy for most of the afternoon – but when he was washing up and heard Bobby shouting goodbye to Castiel, it popped right back to the front of his mind because really, it was none of Bobby's damn business where Dean was happy or sad so long as he did his job, and who knew what the old man and Cas were saying about him?  He decided not to dwell on it and waved Castiel over.
"Oh.  Yeah."  Dean picked at a thread in his jeans.  "I figured I was already going to hurt him enough - that telling him
.  Still did, if ten minutes ago meant anything.  Had he led Cas on?  They were close - closer than a lot of friends - but then neither of them really had anyone else.
Cas smiled at the humor, but didn't read the message inside.  It was none of his business.  The coffee machine had finished so he poured Dean a mug of coffee and put it down in front of him, but Dean was too engrossed in Ben's words to notice.  He took the card through to the living room and displayed it next to the TV.
!  Maybe she can help you, too, if you just gave her a chance."  Dean shook his head, but before he could complain Castiel pressed harder.  "I
Dean didn't answer; just kept staring at the envelope addressed to him as if he was trying to see through it to the contents inside.
"You're turning into one of those nosey neighbours who always wants to know what everyone's up to," Cas teased, rolling his eyes.  "Anyway, I thought you wanted to introduce me to Gandalf?  I would like to know if I was being insulted when you compared me to him."
Castiel's stomach growled.  "I can't believe I'm hungry after everything I ate last night.  I shouldn't need to eat anything for the rest of the week."
"Look, uh, I'm going to stay here a bit longer," Dean told him.  "Put in a couple of hours on the car."
"You're talking to her!" the smiling brunette at the desk said.  "Sheriff Jody Mills.  I'm gonna put money on you being Cas?"
No. No, he wasn't. He'd intended on being dead by now, but Dean had deemed his life worth saving. He'd change his mind if he knew the truth about him, though – of that, Castiel was sure. So no, he was not 'okay'.
Cas was tidying the condiments in the little dish that sat on their table and refusing to look at him.  When he was done, he looked over at Pamela.  "Does she know you lied about them being yours?" he asked.
Rolling his eyes because Dean could have gone five minutes ago, Cas told him, "I'm nearly done.  But just go if you're desperate."
Before he opened the apartment door he yanked the price stickers off the cellophane wrappers, leaving torn pieces behind.
"Inside this cabin is a memory.  Try the handle.  It's locked.  But it is your cabin.  The key is a heavy weight in your pocket, so take it out.  Feel the key in your hand, heavy and cold to the touch.  Slide it into the keyhole, and turn it.  The lock clicks.  The door is open.  It's up to you if you want to step inside.  I can't guide you any further, but I'll come with you if you guide me.  If you choose to step inside, Dean, you need to tell me what you see."
"Get out of here, Walker!" Bobby yelled, taking the keys from Dean and tossing them to him.  "You – office.
Less than ten minutes later, they were both sitting down to a feast that had Cas reluctantly admitting he may have gotten 'a little carried away'.
For years Cas had repressed his emotions over his upbringing - anger, jealousy, fear - as he was raised to be a grateful, dutiful son.  But now he had a taste of normality, and he wanted to feast on it.  "Don't you see, Dean?" he exploded.  "You're trying to control my life, the same way my father did!"
?  That way, improving your relationships with others would be the natural progression of your recovery?"
Dean straightened in his seat.  It wasn't like he hadn't had that same thought himself.  "What?" he said, his tone low and deadly.
Even Dean seemed to have shocked himself with his rage, for he stared at the glass shards for a long moment before speaking.  "You're not my
to know him intimately.  When he took a hand to himself at night, there was only so far he could pretend that it wasn't his own.  As patient as he tried to be with Dean, for he knew all too well how trying therapy could be, sometimes he wondered if perhaps he'd committed to him too soon.  It wasn't that he wanted to break up with him, or that he wanted to date other people, but...  Dean not being at the same place he was in their relationship
Dean may have told him that he didn't have to clean the apartment, but Castiel threw himself into doing just that over the next couple of days.
"I believe you," Dean said quietly, though it sounded like he only believed that Cas believed it.  Then he smirked.  "You're not the lying type - don't want God to strike you down where you stand."
"He apologised quite a lot. I offered to clear my schedule so we could talk through whatever problems he might have been having, but he said no," she replied. "I'm sorry, Dean, that's really all I can say."
After they'd eaten, Cas stored their leftovers in the fridge while Dean washed up.  He refused Castiel's offer of assistance, telling him to go relax while he took care of the dishes - not that there was a lot of them.
Pamela pursed her lips as she thought how best to respond to his question.  "Putting yourself first is never a mistake, Castiel."
"I'm not saying you can't – just that you could do this while you're looking, and you'd be doing Bobby a massive favor—"
"No, it wasn't fair," he agreed.  "And I couldn't do it.  One time he ran away on my watch.  I looked everywhere for him.  I thought he was dead!  And when Dad came home..."  Dean trailed off, unwilling to recall the memory.
Christmas trees started popping up everywhere - windows, the city centre, the shopping mall - and Dean decided that, for the first time since Lisa had left him, he was going to put up a tree in the apartment.  Wanting to make it a surprise, however, he chose to wait until Cas wasn't around.  So on his next half day he swapped shifts with Andy, finishing at lunch.  Regardless he dropped Cas off at work as usual, but detoured to pick up a cheap tree on the way home.  It wasn't the nicest tree, for it had a crooked branch that stuck up at an odd angle - hence the slightly discounted price - but it would fulfil its purpose.
Dean chanced a glance at Cas out of the corner of his eye, relieve to see that he didn't look angry - just defeated.  "I know I can be a pain in the ass," he said quietly.  "I don't know how you stand being stuck with me all day, every day.  I mean, I drive too fast.  I listen to the same five albums over and over and over again, and I sing along - badly!  I'm annoying, I know that.  And I drink too much, because if I don't..."  Dean trailed off, stopping himself before he had to think about
The girl Balthazar had on the sofa giggled and murmured something in his ear, then Castiel was relieved to hear his friend say, "We'll take this to my room."
"It's always 'different', Dean! I give you money and you drink it away. We buried our mom, and then we buried our dad – I'm not going to bury you, too."
"What?  No."  Bobby scratched at his beard.  "I don't like butting in where I'm not wanted, but...  Dean seemed kind of off last week."
Castiel just glared daggers at him, all thoughts of being well-behaved and polite momentarily forgotton.
"Here," Castiel said, rubbing his thumb across his forehead, just below the hairline.  He suddenly realised what he was doing and pulled back.  "There.  All gone."
"I could've been dying over here, and you were hitting on a pretty nurse!" Dean chided him playfully.
Dragging his hands across his face, he groaned.  He'd never been into guys, so shouldn't he have been repulsed by it?  Given the choice he'd kiss a woman, but if someone offered him a million bucks to kiss a dude he wouldn't say
He hadn't meant to lose it at Dean like that.  He didn't deserve Cas' anger. Not after he'd done so much to try and help him. He felt guilty for throwing it all back in his face.
Cas smiled and chatted with everyone queuing for food, taking the time to to try and coax a smile or greeting out of the warier ones.  Most of the people were kind and grateful, but others were distrusting.  Cas tried a little harder with them, but grudgingly accepted that some just wanted to be left alone.  Despite the reluctance he faced from some, he was caught off guard when his friendly greeting was met with hatred and hostility.
Dean hesitated before speaking.  Cas's forehead was scrunched up in that way it always was when he didn't understand something, and it was kind of endearing.  "They're for you.  Happy Valentine's, and all that," he said gruffly.
"Please remove your claws from my clothing!" Cas demanded with a laugh.  "I can't afford to buy a new jumper at the moment if you ruin this one."
Cas laughed at the idea of the outgoing Dean he knew shutting himself away from the world.  He looked around the room for him, finding a woman pressing him up against the pool table and tucking a slip of paper into his pocket.  "I don't think that applies to Dean, given how frequently he goes out and the number of nights he finds company," he disagreed bitterly.
.'  "Sorry," he apologised, feeling like he was back in high school and trying to avoid a detention.
"Yes," Castiel agreed, taking a large bite of his thin, over-priced lunch.  A pathetic piece of wilted lettuce dangled from his lip, which he picked off and stared at with distaste before discarding it onto the grass.
with you – I just think that... If you haven't got your family to talk to, and you won't talk to me, you should have
Moving towards the office window, he carefully peeled the layer from the back of the sticker.  As he applied the vibrant rainbow to the new glass, he smoothed it out with his fingers until there were no bubbles trapped between it and the glass.  Even though Bobby hadn't known about his sexuality when he'd displayed the first sticker in the window, it meant a lot to Cas that he continued to show his support - even in such a simple gesture.
Dean cast a look around the room as he waited for his drink.  There were two different stage areas open to customers - three if you included the back rooms, where private dances could set you back a day's wage.  The first area, where you entered off the street and in which Dean now waited for his drink, held the bar and several small, round stages spaced throughout the room.  On these stages scantily-clad women danced, spinning and twirling and bending around the polished poles.  The second area held the main stage, on which dancers stripped and tempted clients into parting with more than just single dollar bills.
Dean thought about the initials carved into it the dashboard, and the Lego bricks that still rattled around in the heating vents.  "Yeah."
there's something wrong – that's what Dean says when there's something bothering him and he's bottling it up."
did not want the mental image his brain offered to accompany that innocent statement.  "You complain a lot," he observed.
He could take all of that – the tired muscles and creaking bones, the infrequent sex, and the sadness that accompanied old age after a life spent with only your brother and a fallen angel for company – but now Sam had educated Cas about the tradition of gift-giving on birthdays and, though Dean had protested until he was blue in the face that he didn't need or want anything, Castiel was adamant that he was going to buy Dean a present; because Dean was "his best friend and the closest thing to family he had, now." Family. After that, Dean could hardly refuse him.
Dean took a breath.  "He's going to be a long way from home and from his mom.  I haven't seen him in five years; we'll both have changed in that time.  And like you said, you're a stranger. I just don't want to overwhelm him."
Dean raised an eyebrow at Castiel's serious response, but let it slide. "So apart from cleaning the kitchen what else did you do all day, anyway?"
"No. I told you – I just drove past him when he was standing on the edge of a bridge. The thing is, though, it feels like I've known him forever. Like he's always been there, you know?"
"You're right," Cas agreed.  "I simply meant that for an action movie with such a bizarre premise, it showed a little more thought than I anticipated."
He gave the cashier a vague wave and headed for the ATM outside.  Punching his PIN into the machine and selecting the option to
, it was—  As he lifted Dean's feet out of his jeans Dean stepped out of them.  He glanced up, seeing Dean looking down at him as if wondering how he got there.  Castiel slowly stood up, Dean's eyes never leaving his until they were level.
Cas heaved a couple of more times before answering.  "No," he groaned, moving away from the toilet and lying on the cold floor with a blissful sigh.  "Hmm...  'S cold..."
"Yes," Cas conceded.  Dean groaned melodramatically when he followed up with, "But not before one of the men was raped by the creature and gave birth to its offspring."
Her eyes widened minutely.  "And, despite your feelings for him, this makes you unhappy?  Regretful?  Guilty?" she pushed.
Castiel watched him stride off, swallowing back the hurt of Dean's reminder that their kiss - if you could even call it a
As the elevator moved upwards, he glanced at his watch and decided he had time to jump in the shower before he got a start on their dinner.  He had the time, and he was already wet anyway!  As soon as the apartment door shut behind him he shrugged off his jacket, kicked off his shoes, and headed for the bathroom, unbuttoning his shirt along the way.
"She doesn't even work at the garage," Dean muttered to himself, glancing back at Meg in disgust before pulling three tens out of his wallet and handing them over.  "Keep it," he said as she opened the till.
"Yeah.  I wish I could say I'm a modern day Robin Hood, stealing from the rich and giving to the poor, but it's nothing like that.  Companies pay me to hack their security systems to find weaknesses so they can have them patched before criminal hackers find them and exploit them."
Bobby sighed.  "It takes a lot out of me to be staring at numbers all night.  I'd be fine if I could just get the damn things to tally up."
out a few times since Cas had moved in, but hadn't had anything other than a quickie in the back of the Impala since then.
With the memory card safely tucked away in his pocket, Cas headed in the same direction that Dean had gone.  He saw Dean nodding as a dark-skinned woman with thick, curly hair gestured directions and, when he caught Dean's eye, made his own gesture in the direction of the front desk.  While he waited for Dean, he watched as two enthusiastic children signed out an armful of books each, an elderly man returned a heavy hardback volume, and a middle-aged woman inquired about help writing a CV.  It made Castiel wonder about his own CV.  Perhaps it wasn't solely his lack of work experience that was an issue...
Cas closed his eyes.  He took a deep breath, ignoring his arousal for the moment as he counted to five.  "You know, between you and Andy, I think I'm enrolled in the wrong course."
Wondering if he'd done something wrong, Castiel hurriedly applied the graffiti remover and headed back to the office.
It was dark, it was cold, and Castiel wondered if there was a storm approaching, for the night air was damp, giving the wind a bitter bite. He pulled his over-sized beige trench coat tighter around him as he walked up the hill; he was so far out of town that there were no paths to walk on, so he stuck tightly to the left hand side of the road so he could be seen and easily avoided by any oncoming traffic.
bought and decorated a tree for their small apartment.  Almost tripping over his feet, he came to a faltering halt as his eyes were drawn to a ground floor apartment with windows framed by fairy lights.  There was something about Christmas lights, whether in people's windows or the shopping mall, that made him
"Dean?" Castiel asked hesitantly, when he saw him lying on the sofa watching TV.  "Are we staying in tonight?"
When Dean got back home that night he grabbed a beer and sat down on the sofa next to Cas. "So," he said casually. "How are you?"
"You know I can't be in a car if I'm not driving, now?" he said abruptly.  "I just feel so out of control, and I can't breathe."  Dean leaned forward, his head in his hands.  "It's why after a night out I walk home instead of taking a cab."
Moving over to the table, Cas smiled in relief when he noticed the little bundle of fur safely tucked up inside the tissue box.
"Brokeback Mountain?" Balthazar chuckled, looked at the DVD box lying on the table.  "I can't say I blame you.  That film's depressing.  And don't expect bottoming to be
.  He walked backwards until his back hit the wall, sliding slowly down until he was sitting on the floor.  He rested his arms on his knees, burying his face in his hands as he sobbed in relief.  He couldn't bare the thought of going back to an empty flat – it was actually beginning to feel like a
Dean swallowed.  "I do," he told Cas.  He cupped his face with both hands, and kissed him softly.  "I really do."
"We just did some chores in the morning, and then we both had work in the afternoon," Cas elaborated.  "Our boss bought a cake and everyone sang
"Okay.  Close your eyes close naturally and take a few deep breaths for me."  Dean could hear her taking the deep breaths with him.
"I don't know what your relationship was like with your father," she started carefully, "but I can imagine that losing your mother so early in life, and having two young boys to raise alone, wasn't easy on him.  I think you took on too much responsibility as a child - you had too much responsibility
?  He took another sip of his coffee without thinking before letting it dribble out of his mouth and back into the mug.
"No, it wasn't drinking - it was drugs," Dean corrected her.  "They weren't mine, though," he added, almost as an afterthought.  "I just took the blame."
Dean grabbed a couple of slices out of the packet, not bothering to seal it back up again, and proceeded to wipe his bowl clean while Castiel emptied his own.
"Dean, please – I don't want a fight," Castiel pleaded, taking a step backwards.  It was dark in the hallway, and somehow that felt safer right now.
all be from today," Cas said, shaking his head as he flipped through the bundle of envelopes he'd just collected.  "Did you forget to check the mail yesterday?"
"I was wondering if I could see Ben for Easter?" he said quickly, the words coming out in a rush before he started stuttering.
Dean closed his eyes as he tried to forget sitting across from her in a room for half an hour twice a week,
Dean grinned at Ben's enthusiasm and thought back to the last time he'd gone bowling, when he'd been teaching Cas how to play.  Dean smiled fondly at the memory.  In hindsight, he wondered how much of it had been Cas wanting more help and how much had been Cas wanting to be
There may be hope for Dean and Sam as brothers, but was there hope for Dean as an individual?  If he'd been expecting a great weight to lift off his shoulders at the promise of regular therapy he'd have been disappointed.  Instead he just felt a nervous churning in his gut at the prospect of opening up about things he'd ignored for so long.
"If he'd been convicted he'd have lost his scholarship and been kicked out of law school.  All Sam's ever wanted to be was a lawyer, because the arsonist who killed mom got off on a technicality and then disappeared.  I was getting by, doing odd jobs here and there, and he had this whole bright future ahead of him.  I didn't have a choice, Cas.  It's been my job to look after Sam all our lives, ever since we were kids.  'Look after your brother, Dean,'" he said, in a perfect imitation of his father.
Castiel hadn't, but recognised the title from Dean's bookshelf.  As Dean went to get the phone, Cas pulled the vet's card out of his wallet and gave it to him.  "In case Sam wants to pay them directly," he explained.
"'S no excuse, Cas.  The guy turned to me, and I'll never forget his eyes until the day I die.  They were yellow.  I mean, I know no-one has yellow eyes, but... they
"Why does anyone try to make a life with anyone?  I liked her, we got on great, the sex was amazing... "  Propping himself up on one elbow, he leaned closer as if about to reveal something of high importance.  "She taught yoga, and could bend
"That's okay," Castiel said, turning moving into the kitchen.  "You don't have to justify yourself to me."
Cas looked down at the hand that was absently stroking his hip.  "Not that I don't like the touchy-feely you," Cas said in a don't-take-this-the-wrong-way tone, "but I don't often expect this from you."
"Sh!" Castiel hushed him frantically, casting a fearful glance over at the other garage.  "People might hear you!"
"I was afraid I'd missed you," Cas said, coming up behind Charlie.  When she didn't turn around or acknowledge him, he tapped her on the shoulder.
He'd been in less than five minutes when he heard the front door slam shut and Dean's voice calling him.
"More like he made a bad joke, because he couldn't believe we were finally sexually active.  He says he'll be thrilled when I lose my virginity."
"Yours'll be cold by the time you get in here!" Dean laughed as Cas hurried past the kitchen to the living room.
.  So, was it in front of my face the whole time and I just didn't see it?  Because Andy didn't seem all that surprised."
to say yes," he assured him.  "I just want to make sure it's the right decision.  For us," he added.
"When you’re ready, turn away from the ocean and look towards the forest.  See the different shades of greens, hear the breeze rustling through them. Let your feet guide you into the tropical forest.  The path is soft and cool beneath your feet, a mixture of soil, fallen leaves, and moss.  You can still hear the waves, though they grow fainter with each step you take. The scent of the ocean spray grows fainter, too – replaced with the scent of trees, and soil.  You can feel the sunlight filtering through the trees, falling in a dappled pattern at your feet.  The path up ahead opens out into a clearing, warm and bright.  In that clearing, there is a cabin."
Dean sighed, because they obviously weren't going to get any peace until he told her.  "If you hound all guys like this it's no wonder you're single," he complained jokingly.
"One, two, three..." Dean huffed under his breath as he pumped the lever, the hydraulic lift raising the engine into the air inch by inch.
.  Clicking on the first link for a brick wall, he took a note of the recommended graffiti remover as Dean came in.
"I'm not laughing.  Now if I just gave your arm a little twist..."  She emphasised her point by applying more pressure, provoking an exclamation of pain from the man.  "I'd snap your wrist."  She let him go and stepped away.  "Now finish your drink and get the hell out."
When Castiel nodded warily, Dean let his head fall against his shoulder, his grip on Castiel's t-shirt loosening. Damn it... It was just like Sam all over again, and he didn't think he had the strength to do it all again; being on edge all the time. If only he hadn't seen Cas on the bridge that night, then... But he had. And Dean, who needed someone to look after but pushed everyone away, had brought him home.
Castiel opened his mouth to refuse, as his glass of soda was still half full - as was Dean's - but Dean spoke first.
Not bothering to ask Dean if he needed to take a leak, he locked himself in the bathroom and ran himself a bath.  "If you need to piss you've got enough beer bottles lying around," he muttered angrily as he stripped off.
"Cas!  Man, I was beginning to get worried about you.  Are you okay?" he asked as soon as he set foot in the room.
"Thank you," he told her again as he alighted the bus and began the short walk to Pamela's.  Everywhere he went, people travelled in their own little bubbles.  Though he was certainly grateful for people who paid attention to others - despite his attempts at being friendly to other bus drivers, they wouldn't have paid enough attention to warn him he was about to miss his stop.
"I know," Castiel replied, dapping the paper down across his face but almost afraid to blink because the other man was still
"Yeah.  Yes, hi," he greeted her, his hand raised in a half-hearted wave before he was even aware of making the gesture.
Cas ran a hand down a sleeve, getting a feel for the fabric.  "That's a lot of layers, though - are you sure you won't be too warm?"
Dean shrugged.  "Well if you want to do that, we'll keep the seeds."  He looked at Castiel's pumpkin.  "How are you managing there?"
Castiel resisted the urge to roll his eyes.  As he ate, he watched Dean stuff forkful after forkful in his mouth, sometimes not even swallowing the first before shoving in a second, until his bowl was empty.  His own was still half full.
, he realised with sudden clarity, for his feelings to be real.  He liked the sense of assurance he got from having Castiel's complete support, of sharing his life with someone, of
"A few, um...  Prospectuses?  Prospecti?" he answered with a confused smile, suddenly realising he didn't know the word.
Castiel paused in the doorway.  Dean had been in a foul mood for a week and he'd hated every minute of it, so he wasn't about to let Dean sink back into some kind of depression.  Swallowing any last hint of doubt he crossed the room and turned the TV off before sitting himself down on the table in front of Dean.
After stumbling outside, almost colliding with a drag queen taking a smoke, he rang the taxi company that Dean had programmed into his phone.
"Do you want to do something tonight?" Cas asked.  "Go out, get a drink..."  He trailed off, wondering if it might make Dean uncomfortable if he made it sound too much like a
his thing?  Castiel was religious, but he couldn't see him decorating a room with crucifixes and paintings of Jesus.  It frustrated him to realise that he didn't really know
At first Castiel tried to ask Dean what he liked, but when Dean had answered with burgers and beer Castiel exclaimed, "
"You know, you probably blew your exhaust on that curry you had last night," he smirked, not taking his eyes from his burger.
"No!" Dean chuckled in exasperation.  "I know Jo sometimes comes down here with one of her lesbian girl friends, so I
Dean smiled sadly.  "You know, I think that's the first time you've called my place home and meant it?"
man who probably wouldn't remember it in the morning, and therefore wouldn't be able to tell him how bad he was.
There were several authors – Kurt Vonnegut, Stephen King and James Patterson being the most common. He'd read Vonnegut in the college library, while his father had been under the impression he'd been studying late. He had no doubts that his father would have burned the books if he'd found them at home. If a book wasn't for school (or work, though that didn't apply to Castiel) then the only book a person should read was the Bible, in his father's opinion. He chose one of King's to read, and he spent the afternoon on the sofa curled up in a blanket, only getting up to defrost some soup in time for Dean coming home.
"You think that you have some sort of hold over me, because you saved my life? Just because I tried to—" Castiel closed his eyes and took a breath. "My problems are none of your concern," he stated, much more calmly this time. "Thank you for taking care of me last night, but I shan't impose upon your hospitality any further."
After a moment's hesitation, Dean briefly captured Castiel's lips with his own.  "Come on," he said, grabbing Cas's wrist and dragging him in the direction of the pool.  "Let's go find Ben before he does something stupid like dive bomb into the water and get us kicked out before we even get in."
And Dean nearly drove the car off the road as he realised that 'commitment' meant no more one night stands, no more casual flings.  He was such an idiot...  But the more he mulled over the meaning of Castiel's words, the more he surprised himself to realise that he was okay with the idea.  Sure, sex was pleasurable and fun, but without a meaningful, emotional connection to the other person involved it lacked something that always left him feeling physically satisfied but otherwise empty.
He looked up at Dean and pressed a finger desperately against his lips, motioning for him to stop staring at him. Dean shrugged, and pretended like he was suddenly very interested in – he looked at the shelf ticket – a butternut squash. After a moment he carelessly tossed back onto the pile (for Castiel had already added one to their shopping cart) and risked a glance down, to find Castiel was now peering over the trays of vegetables at a short blonde man who was selecting apples, with a basketful of chocolate and candy at his feet.
"Congratulations?" Andy offered eventually.  "Sorry, I don't know what you're supposed to say when you come out.  It's not like you're getting married, or having a baby, or something."
Castiel still wasn't convinced and, despite what he'd said earlier, Dean reached out to stroke a hand down his arm.  "Do you think you could give it a shot, for
Dean stared at the napkin in Cas's outstretched hand for a long moment, anger and hurt and embarrassment swirling in his gut.
Castiel jumped, body instinctively tensing for a blow that never came. Afraid of pushing too far, he silently walked over to the vegetable drawer and pulled out four bottles.
A minor collision between a motorcycle and a Volvo at a junction caused delays, worsening the rush hour traffic.  As Dean checked his watch to judge just how late he was going to be the he couldn't help but see the date.  His knuckles whitened as he clenched the wheel.  What he wouldn't do for a drink.  All he wanted to do was get drunk - really, really drunk.
he'd been staring if he looked him in the eye.  Not that he'd been staring.  He'd only looked.  Glanced, even.  For a minute— a
And so Dean had lain awake all night, wishing from the moment the clock had chimed midnight that it was tomorrow already so his birthday could be over for another year. When 6am rolled around, he tossed back the sheets and padded softly through to the bathroom. It was his birthday – Sam couldn't kill him today if he used up all the hot water!
"Finding Nemo," Castiel read as he examined the front cover with interest. "Dean, I believe this is a children's film."
"Yeah," Dean agreed, hesitantly reaching out to rub a hand up and down Cas's arm.  When he didn't pull away again, he counted it as a win.  "I'm sorry."
By the time he'd released Chuck, shutting him in the kitchen, and followed Dean through, half the bottle was already gone - his Adam's apple bobbing as he swallowed.  Castiel's tongue ran along his lower lip.  He watched as Dean hunched over, cradling the bottle in his hands like a lifeline; clutching it so tightly that Cas was afraid it would shatter.  Fearful that Dean, too, was close to shattering, he walked over and gently prised the bottle from his grip, placing it on the table before straddling him.
As he circled round to the other side, however, he saw the scrapes and dents that ran along the right-hand side of the car. His blood ran cold as he absently trailed his fingers along the grooves – they'd been lucky; so much luckier than their dad. Sam got to go on, living his life, while he had to live with it every damned day. He punched the car door.
The guy beside him shifted, and as Dean's gaze continued to wander up his body he immediately wanted to buy him a razor for Christmas, because hiding a jawline that strong underneath several days of stubble should be a crime.  Dean's inner thighs prickled at the thought of that stubble irritating his skin.
After shutting the window and returning the glass to the sink, he turned back to the door but found his attention drawn to the empty tub.  It seemed forever ago that Castiel had huddled in the hot water, naked and bruised, the night they'd first met.  He had seemed so small and lost, then - nothing like the well-built, self-assured man that now resided with him.
A month ago Dean might have found it this a little weird, but right now it was kind of comfortable.  Cas was happy, he was happy, and he didn't have to
"I love you," Sam told Eileen, doubling down on his feelings by communicating them through ASL as well.
Dean's lips twitched like he wanted to say something but was holding back.  "Fuck you!" he spat eventually.  "Fuck you for almost dying. Fuck you for making me feel like this.  Fuck you for coming into my life and making everything
Phew, I was beginning to think I'd never get this chapter finished! It started off as one, then became two, then became one again, and ended up being two. So there will be one more chapter before the end of the year, then I'll take my usual writing break over Christmas/New Year (is it
Cas wanted to do nothing more than kiss the hard expression off his face, but he knew that no amount of kissing could fix it.
"Alright, I'll stop being weird if you stop being weird, alright?" Dean grinned, nudging Cas with his shoulder.
So I'm not 100% happy with this chapter, but if I stare at it any longer it's never going to get uploaded. It's not that it's terrible - there's just something non-specific that's annoying me about it, like my brain's saying "this could be better".
"Nothing like that!" he snapped irritably.  Clearing his throat, he asked more gently, "What do you want for your birthday?"
"Why are you so obsessed with my family?" Dean asked her curiously, ignoring the question about his past relationships.
"Like your dad!" Dean yelled back in the direction of the voice. "Come on." He tugged Castiel over to the checkout before whoever it was came looking for a fight.
But Dean just crawled back into bed.  "What's the point in cleaning up if I'm just gonna get all messy again?"  Leaning over, he whispered in Cas's ear, "You like it when I'm dirty."
"It'll get stuffy," he replied softly, getting into a comfortable position before turning to face Cas.  "Hey, what was it you were thinking about earlier?"
Instinctively Castiel turned, pressing his own lips against Dean's.  Perhaps it was a good thing that his first kiss was with a strange, beautiful,
Sam was silent for a moment.  "I thought we weren't going to talk about this?" he said, and Cas could hear the smile in his voice.
"If that's what you wanted, yes," she told him, disappointment evident in her tone.  "You can leave any time you like - even if we haven't reached the end of your time.  Sometimes it can be necessary, during a particularly intense session."
"We've had to sedate him," Dr Garrison explained.  "He kept lashing out at the nurses.  From the looks of things he took it pretty rough.  I'd say it's a good thing you showed up when you did."
It only took a minute for Dean to follow him through and, when they could hear the bell on the end of Dean's hat jingling as he paced in the corridor just on the other side of the door, Father Reynolds led the children in a rendition of
"That being said," Cas continued.  "Do you think there will ever be a time you don't push me away when I get too close?  Or rather, when
"Will we ever talk about you?" Castiel asked, sitting up.  "I feel that you know more about me than I do about you."
He faltered a little when he laid eyes on a familiar red-haired woman at the computer instead.  He'd forgotten Castiel's replacement started work today.
Balthazar sniggered.  "Are you trying to tell me that he thinks I'm going to steal you from him?  Cassie, I hate to break it to you, but you're not my type."
He saw Cas move in his peripheral vision, and looked up to see the other man moving past him towards the front door.
In a second Dean was flipped around and on the ground, a knee pressing painfully against his lower back. He couldn't help but think that it was embarrassing how easily he'd been overpowered, but told himself that if he'd been sober he'd have come out on top.
"Left foot forward," Dean said.  "Good.  Now step forward with your right foot, as you let your arm swing forward – keep it straight – and keep your left hand underneath it to support it.  Good.  Now let the ball start to swing back as you move your left foot forward, and then as your right comes forward it should be swinging back.  Just like that, and as you
As the weeks passed Castiel was finally feeling like he was beginning to make some progress with the paperwork, and he put some of the money Bobby had paid him towards a cell phone – just a basic one that allowed for phone calls and text messages, for he didn't need anything fancy – but it meant that he could contact Dean in an emergency if he went out.  And he did start going out more – usually with Dean, but some nights he ventured out on his own.  And having a phone meant that he was able to keep in touch with anyone he met, so after he bumped into Balthazar one night (literally – his drink had ended up all down his shirt) and they got talking and hit it off, he was able to arrange to meet up with him again.
; what he'd done that was so dreadful his father had disowned him. And for Dean to inevitably revoke his invitation.
"  Castiel's father had said those exact words to him when he'd proclaimed that he couldn't force himself to want a female partner, and he replied the same way now as he did then; "How do you know?"
"Someone left the door open downstairs," Jo said, walking into their apartment.  "Anyone could walk in."
, Cas?" he asked, though it sounded more like he was talking to himself.  He ran his hands through his hair, still looking down at the tramps below.  Seemingly unable to keep still, he turned back to him, gesturing wildly.  "I'm not gay!" he exclaimed, keeping his voice down in case anyone overheard.  "I like...  I like
He could see his friendship with her for what it was, now - not just bar staff and customer, but real
Dean flushed.  "I don't know about that, man," he said, rubbing the back of his neck.  He did this whenever he felt uncomfortable, Castiel had noticed, and he did every time Castiel tried to tell him he was good at something.
Clenching his jaw, he focused instead on the job at hand.  Nice even coat, not too thick.  Wait for it to dry, and repeat...
Until that point her hand had been resting on his knee, but when it began to inch towards his crotch he jumped in his seat and knocked the last of the popcorn everywhere.
Cas smiled at Ben's enthusiasm.  Perhaps he hadn't ruined his chances at getting along with him after all.  He tried to take just his left foot off the floor to begin with but, with Dean taking another step backwards, his right slipped.  Instinctively he started kicking out, splashing everywhere, but Dean didn't let him go.
"I don't understand that reference," Castiel said.  "But I appreciate that you wouldn't make a different choice, given the chance."
Castiel froze as Dean's hand reached for his mouth, sweeping a thumb across the trace of sauce beside his mouth.  His eyes tracked Dean's thumb as he wrapped his lips around it, sucking it clean.  It was obscene, and the music seemed to fade until the only thing Castiel could hear was his own heartbeat pounding in his ears.
"No," Dean said, stuffing another couple of chips in his mouth. "But we'll need to remember to do that if we ever come back," he said as he chewed. "I swear, they do the best chips."
"Sit down and eat your breakfast!" Cas instructed loudly as Dean started to leave the room.  "You don't have to clean your room on my account."
"Woah, hey!" Sam cut in.  "I don't..."  There was a strange pause before he continued.  "I don't need the details of your sex life, okay?"
"You could have told me your friend was a prude," Meg snapped at Balthazar before getting into her cab and slamming the door shut.
you to develop feelings for me - it happened naturally.  I just asked that you decided whether or not you wanted to
"It had better be a good one," he grumbled, getting into the car.  It was no warmer in the car than it was outside.  "Heat?" he griped, and Dean obediently turned a dial.  Immediately cold air blasted out of the air vents causing Cas to gasp a little.
Cas allowed himself a small, proud smile as he looked at the photo he'd taken of the zebra foal lying in the shade.
Aware of Andy's questioning gaze, Cas glanced over her shoulder to where Dean was pulling an exaggerated expression, a cross between disbelief and despair.  "I believe so."
"Yes, we're together, and no, I don't give a shit what you have to say about it!" Dean snapped at the man.
"I'm gonna get some coffee," Dean announced, gesturing towards the coffee pot.  Glancing away from Dean, Castiel simply nodded.
Castiel fell silent mid-sentence and looked at Dean wide-eyed, taken aback by his outburst and the implication of what he hadn't said.
Tomorrow, perhaps, he'd have his chance. He had the feeling Dean wouldn't let him leave tonight – would insist on making sure he was 'okay' before he felt comfortable letting him go.
Dean clapped Cas on the shoulder as a plateful of sausage, bacon and eggs was placed in front of him. "Thanks."
"This was a much preferable choice of evening, I think. But if you still want to go out, please, don't let me stop you."
"Relief, that you're home with me and not out there anymore.  Guilt, because I find myself grossed out by their... hygiene."  He knew Cas was going to think he was an ass, and rightfully so, but he still found himself getting defensive.  "I
"Do you mind if I head out tonight? There's a pool night on and I figured I could probably hustle up some extra cash."
He blushed even harder and all but tiptoed past them and into the furthest away cubicle.  Only once he slid the bolt home did he feel like he could breathe; except now he was trapped in a toilet cubicle because there was no way he could leave until the men rocking the rickety wooden frame of the stalls had left.
"Cas, Cas – I get it," Dean said, his smile fading because he didn't want to get Castiel all worked up. "Don't worry. But I'll figure something out.
In too much shock to correct Dean's expression 'dead on the money', the world began to spin ever so slightly.
"Dean," Castiel repeated, and Dean found he liked the way it sounded in the other man's mouth.  "You should ask your brother.  If he doesn't mind, then I think I'd like that very much."
Dean sighed, but dutifully lay back and closed his eyes as Pamela guided him back to the cabin in the woods.
"Well, you know where to find them."  Dean's smile faded as he remembered what they had been discussing.  "So, uh, do you just start back in your fourth year, or what?"
Dean went first, and Castiel watched intently as he took two three long strides and let the ball roll out of his hand gracefully.  He shook his head.  This was not going to go well for him.  He imagined himself getting his fingers stuck in the ball and being dragged down the lane, and was so caught up in his imaginary embarrassment that he missed Dean's second shot.  It was only when he whooped after he got a half strike that Castiel realised it was his turn.
"Why?  So you can criticise the methods I use to deal with my problems?  At least I'm dealing with mine!"
Dean stepped inside, and followed the man into his living room.  There were stacks of paper on just about every flat surface, which seemed to multiply every time Dean had reason to come around, and Dean perched on the edge of the sofa.
"My father was very controlling," Cas heard himself say.  "He'd beat us if we stepped out of line, and would tell us that good little boys wouldn't question their fathers.  Good little boys would do what they were told."  He swallowed.  "I found it... hard... to follow his rules.  Blind obedience made life easy, which my brothers appreciated, but I found life tedious.  There were times when I just wanted to be like all the other kids, but then I'd feel guilty for being so selfish.  What I'm trying to say, Dean, is that I know you're trying to help, but I can't let you take his place."
a lie - he still woke up with a hard-on some mornings, and if he opened one of his magazines he was sure he
"It's very liberating.  After Dean found out I was gay, and he accepted me without question, I saw a light at the end of the tunnel for the first time in years."
"And then get something to eat before work," Cas added, rubbing a self-conscious hand across his loudly gurgling stomach.
"—along with her ex-boyfriend and her best friend, and...  You're not really interested, are you?" Cas asked, realising Dean's eyes had glazed over.
"Hoping it still works," he grunted, pulling back the flaps of the box revealed a computer tower, a screen, and what looked like all the cables he would need - now if only he knew how to connect it all up.
Once bullets started flying and people started dying, Cas had serious doubts as to the accuracy of Dean's statement.
"I know you said that you spent yesterday walking around, though, so if there's something else you want to do, then just say."
"No, shoo!"  Cas chased him off before he ended up dripping inside it - or worse, electrocuting himself.
Dean hesitated, only for the slightest of moments, before settling down next to him.  "I'd better not catch whatever it is you've got," he warned, only half-teasing.
Dean didn't believe Castiel to be dangerous - just cute, and lonely, and perhaps a little odd.  He shrugged.  "It just felt like the right thing to do, you know?"
Castiel smiled weakly as he followed Balthazar into the theatre, because if that wink was anything to go by tonight was going to be
The three of them stayed in the shallow end once Castiel had become more confident in the water, swimming and playing until their time in the pool was up.
a date," Dean replied, with more confidence than he felt. Rubbing the back of his neck, he added, "Don't apologise."
The evening was still warm despite the breeze, and the fresh air was welcome after the unpleasant atmosphere inside.  They paused outside the restaurant so that Cas could fasten his jacket.  As he waited, Dean caught the manager glowering at them through the glass.
After a moment of panic Castiel's feet found the bottom of the pool, and he stood up just as Dean made his way back to them.  "I said
Ben said nothing and started drying, but at least he was smiling now.  They worked in silence, and were done in a matter of minutes.
"Why don't you take a look in the mirror and ask yourself? You've got unresolved issues with your brother that I can't even
"He's just an asshole who's got it in for me.  He winds me up and tries to get me into shit with Bobby every time he's here."
"You've done so much for me - given me so much - and I've never asked you for anything," Castiel started carefully.
Dean sat and watched Castiel finish his lunch – which wasn't weird or anything – and when he was done he reached for Castiel's plate.
that I fell in love with.  I don't want you to change, just to accept yourself for who you are.  The rest will fall into place."
Castiel would have to say that his favourite course, though on its own he'd consider it more a snack than a meal, was the goat's cheese.  Three pieces of cheese rolled in different coatings - herbs, peppercorns, and dried fruit and nuts - that they spread on chunks of crisp, warm baguette.  It was also the first course he'd wished they'd been given
When Dean got back from his therapy session, he felt wiped.  As the elevator rumbled upwards, he thought about his agreement with Castiel to retreat to his bedroom until he felt more sociable.  But he already had to deal with Bobby's bad mood at work, so it didn't seem fair that he had to deal with
As he tossed the magazine aside, it crossed his mind that at least he wasn't a kid any more.  Looking at the women in the magazine, twenty years ago he'd have had zero control over his responses to the pictures.  It'd be up, it'd be down, it'd be up for no reason...
"Awesome!" Ben exclaimed, leaping out of his seat and snatching one from Dean's outstretched hand.  "Uh, have you got a penny?"
"It's my job to look out for him, not the other way about.  Older brother, remember?" Dean said, jerking his thumb towards himself.  "Anyway, I ended up with a suspended sentence on the condition that I went to counselling and completed this drugs course – "I have an addiction" and so on.  Load of bullshit."
many years ago during a trip with his brother, that he insisted was better than an ordinary teaspoon for reaching into the bottom of jars; the sugar sachets taken from cafés that he kept for 'emergencies' - namely when he had drunk his grocery money.
"Don't turn this into a chick flick moment," Dean warned him, slapping his hands on his thighs and rising to his feet.
"I thought you were going to say it tastes better than vomit," Castiel said quietly, and stared at Dean when he burst out laughing.
Dean sank back into his chair and groaned into his hands. "Cas, you're going to be the death of me."
"I know you did."  He slipped his hand into Dean's and said, "I'm so grateful that I have your support."
Dean followed the voice into the kitchen where Cas was slumped over the table, head rested on his crossed arms, hair even more mussed than usual. He looked around the spotless room and whistled.
Castiel ducked his gaze to his half-eaten burger. "If you wanted, you could make and eat burgers every day. When I was sleeping in shop doorways and side alleys, I didn't know if I was even going to scrape enough change together for a cup of coffee to keep me warm the next day, let alone a bite to eat."
Castiel looked out the window at the scenery, reading all the signs they passed. He wondered where Dean knew where he was going, or if he was just going to stop somewhere that looked nice. He imagined that it would be nice to live like that – always on the move and see new things. He found the thrum of the engine reassuring, and he smiled whenever Dean started singing. He'd suddenly fall silent, as if self-conscious of his audience, but occasionally he'd just belt it out and grin. Castiel supposed it depended on the song. At the moment he was drumming his hands off the steering wheel and singing something about being wanted dead or alive. He really hoped Dean was a good driver, for he didn't look like he was paying that much attention to the road.
"Oh, Cassie," Balthazar sighed, dropping onto the sofa beside his friend and wrapping an arm around him in a one-armed hug.
Castiel's weight shifts down as he moves lower, biting and kissing and licking his way to the waistband of his jeans.  Dean's breath hitches as Cas frees his cock and gives it a few firm strokes, then closes his lips around it.  He traces circles around the head with his tongue, his hand a firm pressure around the base, then licks across the slit.
"I saw the way you looked when I told you yours had gone," Dean said, rubbing the back of his neck. "If you don't want it, or don't like it, I'm not saying you
"For Cas.  I know what it's like when the one you love pushes you away, and I don't want to do that to him.  Don't get any ideas, though," he added when he noticed her scribbling something down.  "I'll own that I'm a big part of why Lisa and I didn't work out."  He swallowed.  "And I want to be better for Ben.  And I don't want to be the reason Cas and I don't work out."
The urgency in Sam's tone brought him back to the here and now and he blinked back tears.  "It's Cas," he said thickly.
"No, it's...  It's fine, Cas," Dean told him, unconvincingly.  When Castiel didn't look up at him, he ducked his head, searching for his eyes until they locked together.  "Really," he said, more sincerely this time.  He rested a warm hand on Castiel's shoulder.  "Now what can I do to help 'round here?"
Pamela would undoubtedly tell him that the fantasy was him secretly longing for a commitment from Dean.  He chuckled at himself and rubbed his forehead.  He just wished that Dean felt relaxed enough about their relationship to touch him freely, the way Cas longed to touch him.
Castiel smiled and turned to look at the llamas in the field.  Most were a mix of white and brown, but there was one that was completely black.  "They're beautiful, aren't they?"
Castiel looked at the clock.  "Well, if we leave much later we might be late for work," he supposed.
"What if we looked in the thrift shops?" Cas asked as he put his own coat back on.  "It'd be cheaper."
Pamela said nothing; just carried over a pitcher of iced water and two glasses, before taking her seat on the other side of the desk.
.  As a kid I didn't know any better.  Are we going to go in, or do you want to stand here until your flight's called?"
Chewing her bottom lip, she rounded the bar and complied.  Dean fell silent and, instead of charging him, she just added the amount to his tab.  When Dean got like this, it was easier just to bill him when he'd sobered up.  She wet a cloth and started to wipe down the bar so her mother couldn't complain that she was doing
a child, it makes me regret that my life was dictated to me for so long.  He has a freedom I never had - one that I'd want for my children, if I had any - and I suppose I'm a little jealous."
Castiel's blood ran cold. His father had wanted to 'sort him out' and now this stranger, who had barged into his life last night, thought he could do the same? How dare he? How dare they both? Just because he wasn't made like other people didn't them the right to walk all over him.
He'd had one before and been ridiculed by Balthazar for being a lightweight, but then Zeke had spent the night alternating between alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks as well - and by the time their group of friends left, they were the only two who could walk in a straight line.
into her - see if she was playing hard to get - but if the answer was still a definite 'no', then he'd move on and try his luck with someone more interested - and willing.
"I'm so sorry," Castiel apologised when he realised that Dean wasn't going to say anything else.  "I forgot we had this planned.  It's Balthazar's birthday, but I can cancel—"
Behind a large pane of smudged glass, a group of monkeys leapt across branches and platforms.  Some were chilling out on the upper platforms, eating and grooming each other.  One bounded over to sit on the ledge on the other side of the window while Castiel cursed the bad lighting.
"He was on the plane, Dean," Cas told him calmly.  Lisa had phoned them earlier to let them know that Ben's plane had departed on time - and to make Dean promise for the hundredth time that he'd look after him.  "He'll be there."
"Only that he's working at the garage.  Except there's not that much work to be done, and he isn't being paid any extra."
"Excuse me," he said, squeezing past a couple of teenage girls as he spotted the section for friends.
The last time Dean had been in a library, he'd been making out with Amanda Heckerling in the philosophy section.  Really, it was no wonder he hadn't graduated.  While Cas spoke to a member of staff about using a computer, Dean hovered behind him.
"Dean!" Ben protested, nevertheless allowing himself to be hugged.  "So why didn't you ever call, or come visit?" he asked, once Dean had let him go.
"I was never destined for great things, okay?  My brother's smart - I'm just a grunt.  I fix cars.  What's so great about that?"
"You're not useless, Cas.  And we're just being careful because we care."  Castiel looked at him and he coughed.  "I mean, you know, like friends do..." he trailed off.
Den motioned to Cas that he was going to continue the call in the kitchen.  "It's not easy," he said as he walked through.
"Alright, alright," Dean said, heading for the door.  "Besides, we're going to have to hurry up if we're going to get out of here."
"Still, I am uncomfortable with the idea of women being treated as objects for sexual gratification rather than as people."
Cas opened and closed his mouth as his stomach sank.  "Is... is that what you want?" he asked thickly.
– which Castiel loved just as much as the book, if not more – they spent the afternoon flipping through channels, watching whatever caught their eye, and as the day wore on Castiel leaned further and further into Dean.  He rubbed his head against Dean's shoulder, trying to get himself comfortable.
It was only after he had paid for their games at the desk, however, that he thought to ask if Cas actually knew how to play; which was why he was hurriedly trying to explain the objective of the game to Castiel before they got any further.
Castiel looked up at him, blue eyes raking across his face trying to determine what it was Dean wasn't telling him.  With a sigh, Dean switched the TV off and tossed the remote back on the table.  He sat there silently, chewing on his bottom lip and when he glanced up at the photo by the TV he was aware of Castiel looking rather guilty out of the corner of his eye.
"He called when you were sleeping and said you should take tomorrow off as well.  Just to make sure you're better."
It was irritating.  All of it.  Her patient smile, her quiet confidence, her calm attitude.  Dean had no idea how Cas put up with her.  But as much as she got under his skin, he knew how good she'd been for Cas.  If anything, the progress Castiel had made during his time with her should be enough for him to trust that she knew what she was doing - even if he didn't trust
Dean lifted his hands from where they rested lightly on Cas's waist, and wrapped him in a hug.  He smiled in amusement and pleasure at Castiel's sudden outburst of emotion, but his eyes were sad.  Of all the few times he'd tried committing to someone, sometimes it felt like no-one had ever loved him as much as Cas did - and that was terrifying.  Terrifying because he didn't deserve that level of love, and because he wasn't sure he could return it.  As much as he wanted to be able to.
Dean shook his head, and Cas could feel a dampness on his skin.  "No.  It frustrates you, and it upsets you, and I make you feel like shit and—"
Castiel waited a moment before speaking again.  "But perhaps this is God offering me a second chance."
Castiel nodded enthusiastically.  "Yes.  I had a most enjoyable evening.  Balthazar is dating an actor, so we went to see his play."
.  Dad dragged us around the country as kids, in and out of schools.  I never graduated!  I got my GED but to most people that still isn't good enough," he spat bitterly.
"I'm sure Sam was only doing what he thought best," Castiel tried.  "He'd have been looking out for you."
The grip on his hand tightened and Dean looked down, surprised to see their hands still together.  He's forgotten they were.  It was... comfortable.
Castiel sucked in a breath as understanding dawned on him.  "It was a recipe from one of her books."
They settled down to eat their lunch, the comfortable silence occasionally broken by Dean speaking up to tell Cas something he'd missed from the start of the episode. This had Cas wondering just how many times Dean had seen this particular episode to know it so well.  When the episode was finished, it was time for Dean to head back to work.
to comment but you don't know what to say or you think that what you want to say isn't enough please, say something anyway!  I could use some positivity right now.
Cas's hard expression softened slightly.  "Yes, please.  Some coffee would be nice.  It's freezing in here."
okay with it, but...  Are you sure you want to invite a complete stranger over to your house like that?"
"The..." Castiel looked at the sign that had the species list on it, but didn't see any identified as 'nemos'. He looked at Dean. "The what?"
"Ignore him, Dean," Ellen told him.  "I thought I could see something between you two, but I wasn't sure it was going to come to anything.  I'm glad I was wrong.  We're really happy for you both.  All of us."
opened up - about his father.  He told her what little he knew about his years in Vietnam, about the constant moving, the endless string of motels as John took odd job after odd job.  He talked lovingly about the man he admired and respected, with a love of rock music and classic cars, whom Dean could never remember wearing anything other than his leather jacket - Dean cast his eyes to that same jacket hanging up behind Pamela's door.
Castiel nodded absently, obediently following Dean down the hall to the bathroom where he stood, still clutching the blanket around his shoulders, as Dean filled the bath.
Dean fidgeted from one foot to the other.  "There's nothing wrong with liking a uniform.  They look smart.  Respectable."
"Look Cas, buddy, if you don't open this door, or at least talk to me through it, I'm going to break it down."
Dean thought that Castiel still seemed a bit off, but he didn't seem to look as depressed as he had been when he'd come out of church that morning. He didn't push him, because he figured that whatever had upset him he was working through, and instead the two of them spent the night watching the first two
There was the sound of choking behind him and Castiel suddenly realised the innuendo in their words.  He blushed.
to keep me right - "A therapist wouldn't say this! A therapist wouldn't make her patient feel like that!"
"Fine," Castiel muttered.  He was, wasn't he?  He still had a roof over his head, which was...  Unexpected.
When Dean couldn't hide in the kitchen any longer he came into the living room slowly, wary of Castiel's reaction.
Slightly intimidated, Castiel held the vegetable out in offering.  Dark nostrils flared wide, and Castiel could feel the animal's warm breath as it snorted.  Then it closed its enormous mouth around the carrot, devouring it in one bite.
As they continued on their way, Cas nudged Dean slightly.  "That was very kind of you," he said, once he had Dean's attention.  "Thank you."
Castiel opened and closed his mouth.  "Everything," he said eventually.  "You're not perfect, and neither am I."
"Of your past with them."  Cas held him tighter.  "I love you, and I try to give us the best possible chance we can have, but ultimately whether we last or not isn't under my control."
want to change my name.  Dean and I agreed that we'd sign a new lease once I'd changed my name, naïvely thinking it would be less complicated a process than it is.  And less expensive!"
"Still. You've been pretty busy this week. Put your feet up. Relax. I'll see you when I get back from work." Dean started to leave. "Oh, hey – I put the phone number for Bobby's yard next to the phone just in case of an emergency. I mean, it's programmed into the phone, but just in case you forget what I showed you about scrolling through the stored contacts. Okay?"
He could hear the tapping of the cane as Cas made his way closer, and then it hit his foot.  A moment later his sleeve was being tugged, before Cas took his hand.  Dean squeezed it hard.
"No...  No, it's fine.  I'm gonna go shower," he said, shoving his untouched coffee into Castiel's hands and leaving the room.
He got out of the shower before the water ran cold. As he went to get clean clothes from the cupboard in the living room that Dean had cleaned out for him one day, telling him that he wasn't going to keep living out of a bag like he was just going to up and leave again, he passed Dean's bookcase. There were rather a lot of books, and once Castiel was dressed he took a closer look at the titles. Dean hadn't struck him as the reading type at first, but then looks could be deceiving.
Unbuckling his seatbelt as he saw Balthazar walking along the pavement, he gave Dean a quick hug before stepping out of the car.  Giving his approaching friend a quick wave of acknowledgement, he turned back to Dean before shutting the car door.
"Damn it, Cas, I'm not a child!" Dean exclaimed.  He glanced at Balthazar, who'd come to a stop at Cas's side.  "Go have lunch, enjoy yourself, and I'll see you at home, okay?" he instructed, his tone effectively ending the conversation.
As they headed through the park gates and Cas began unfolding the map - a lot larger than it needed to be given the number of ads for other 'nearby' attractions - Dean realised Ben was no longer beside him.  For a second, panic flooded through him.  Had someone taken him?  What would Lisa say?  Then he caught sight of him a few metres up ahead.
"He's out back, trying to devise some method of predicting crop circles or whatever.  Something to do with 'subsonic wavelengths' or something like that."  She eyed him up carefully.  "You know, if it's a guy chat you need, I don't think he's going to be able to help much – unless you've got a robot girlfriend that's malfunctioning," she added with a sly grin.
to get me anything.  If I'm being honest, I wasn't planning on getting you flowers or anything.  They were just
"Yeah.  You don't sound too impressed by that - most people would love to work half days all the time!"
"Charlie?" he asked, wondering why the name sounded familiar.  Then it clicked.  "Your friend Charlie who is...  who's a... umm..."
Dean's guarded expression became one of puzzlement, and the fact he conveyed the emotion so openly told Pam her words had taken him by surprise.
Their erections had softened, but Dean took both their cocks in a spit-slicked hand and jacked them off, slow and steady.
Cas stared at her for a long moment, until he realised she was being serious.  "I couldn't face him!"
As they walked into The Roadhouse and his fellow mechanics waved them over to a table, it struck Dean that he really didn't want to be there.  But he sat down, ordering a beer when Jo came over, and giving Ellen a hug when she joined them for a toast in Bobby's memory.
it," Cas said reproachfully, taking the beer from Dean.  He carried it to the kitchen, where he drained it down the sink.  Dean's lack of complaint concerned him slightly, until he returned to the living room.
"Yeah," Dean agreed as he hurried down the stairs.  "I'm glad things are getting better between us.  So, uh, what else did you get?  Did Jess get you anything kinky?"
When he walked into the living room, the last thing he expected to see was his friend's naked ass greeting him over the arm of the sofa.
"It was very nice of you to come by," Castiel said, shooting an unhappy look in Dean's direction.  "I only wish you would have stayed longer."
"What are you doing?" Cas asked from the doorway, his towel-dried hair still a little damp from his shower.
He delved into the box once again, pulling out a wooden 'D' painted red and decorated with holly and ivy.  The paint was chipping from where other ornaments had knocked against it over the years.  His vision swam as he saw, in his mind's eye, his mother hanging it on the tree.  She'd bought it for his first Christmas, and he remembered her telling him that they'd go shopping soon to buy one for Sam.
They each lay on their own sides of the bed in silence, Castiel listening to the sound of Dean's breathing.  It was nice, lying so close to Dean.  Though they
Castiel put his cutlery down and clasped his hands together.  "She wants me to un-forgive my father," he said after a moment.
of your business!" Castiel informed Balthazar hotly, the skin on the back of his neck growing warm despite the cool air.
Cas didn't know if he meant the therapy, or their relationship, or both.  And, as he'd promised, he didn't pry.
Dean was stunned into silence by Cas's outburst, and as Castiel turned his back on him he wasn't sure if it was a trick of the light or if he'd seen tears in his friend's eyes.
Castiel paused, processing Dean's objection before speaking.  "Do men not have skin?" he reasoned patiently.
As they murmured quietly between themselves, occasionally laughing at something the other said, Dean wondered if this would be Cas for the rest of his life - introducing his partner and bracing for a fight.  Cas didn't deserve that.  Dean would make sure that nobody gave him shit for loving someone.  His gut wrenched as he realised that Cesar was him, ready to leap to Jesse's defence if need be.
"Staying in touch more.  Being someone he can look up to.  I know what it's like to be a teenage boy, and there's stuff he won't want to talk to his mom about."  He scoffed.  "It's not like my dad was always around or sober enough to talk to, but if things had been different for us there's stuff I'd have wanted to ask him.  I want to be someone Ben can turn to.  I want to be a
They found more frames, figurines that wouldn't have looked out of place in an old folks' home, and a tatty
Bobby shook his head.  "Dean keeps himself to himself – I reckon he doesn't know the names of any of the other guys in the yard.  he only knows mine 'cause my name's on the sign!"  He looked over at Castiel.  "You should go have lunch with him – remind him to eat."
Dean grinned as he stepped out of his overalls. Bobby wasn't the tough nut he appeared to be. He flipped his phone open and called home as he walked over to his car.
Castiel swallowed, and bowed his head as he searched for the right words.  "It... seems to have upset you a lot."  He bit his bottom lip.  "I mean—"
Pamela put down her notebook and poured him a glass of water.  Reluctantly, he took it from her and drank some.
"Not having second thoughts, are you?" Balthazar asked him, leaning against the bar and checking out the talent as they waited for their drinks.
Dean hated to be the bearer of bad news, especially given the bad mood Bobby had been in the past few weeks.  Although, hopefully that would begin to life now the insurance company had agreed to pay out.  Either way, he kept his head down and worked hard all morning.
Castiel watched Andy as he took a sip of his coffee, noting the release of tension in his shoulders, and the slight upwards curve of his lips.  He had a feeling Andy wanted to say something more, but didn't want to push - Cas figured he’d speak when he was ready.  As he waited for Andy to continue, Cas sipped at his own coffee.
Cas.  He could feel himself bottling up his irritation, and found himself turning away from Dean when he reached for Cas in bed at night.  Which was ridiculous, given it was almost the only time they were
"I want there to be, too.  I want to have sex with you, Dean," Cas stated bluntly.  "I want to have sex, period.  But I won't push you.  I just need you to know that's what
he did.  Dean really hoped that he wasn't going to break Cas's heart, because he didn't even want to
Castiel shook his head straight away.  "Absolutely not."  He put his fork down and rested his arms on the table.  "He thought he was doing the right thing," Cas said quietly, almost to himself.
"Thank you," Castiel said, pocketing the card.  He didn't think he'd be calling the sheriff, however, for he knew how Dean felt about strangers poking their noses in his business.  "For everything," he added, when Jody said nothing else.
Suddenly Dean was beginning to wonder if bringing Cas had been a good idea.  After all, cars weren't really Castiel's thing.  He liked Dean's, which was good, but at the garage could only really identify them by colour.  "Yeah?" he replied, so hesitantly it was almost a question.
Castiel couldn't help but chuckle at how paranoid Dean sounded.  Cupping his face in his hands, he assured him, "I tell her the good things, too."
"The times that you stand up for me.  How you saved Christmas for the children at the church."  Cas smiled to himself.  "And I told her about the little stockings you gave me for Christmas."
"But it's messing with your head.  That's why I've booked us a table for dinner tonight.  Eleven courses ought to take your mind of him."
As they walked through the empty apartment, it felt smaller without Ben in it - less homely - which caused Dean to reiterate his idea that they hang some pictures on the wall.
"What the hell is that?" Dean asked as Cas pulled the roast out of the oven to rest some time later.
Both eyes snapped open.  Throwing back the covers and heaving himself out of bed, he padded down the hallway to the bathroom and knocked on the door.  "Cas?  You okay in there, dude?"
"Bobby did say you're a Scrooge when it comes to Christmas," Castiel announced, unsurprised at his declaration.
Dean laughed as he remembered how hot he'd been in the fat suit as he'd handed out thirty presents and led the kids in an out-of-tune rendition of
"Damn straight I don't know what's wrong with you, Cas! Because you don't trust me enough to tell me!" Dean snapped back.
Andy let out whistle when Benny took his arms out of his overalls, tying them at his waist, before quickly losing his shirt.
Dean shook the front of his shirt to cool himself a little.  It wasn't even that warm in there, yet he was still sweating.  Trying to peer over her notepad, he asked, "What else have you got scribbled down on that thing?"
"He's in surgery," Dean explained once they'd let go, eyes fixed beyond a set of double doors as if he could see Bobby on the other side.
When they'd finally called it a night Castiel had gone to bed complaining that he was going to have nightmares, but Dean had just laughed at him and told him to check under his bed for monsters.
Guiltily Dean jerked upright, so quickly he hit his head off the hood.  "I—  Agh!" he exclaimed, rubbing his head as he grimaced.  "What?"
"You can leave once you finish that Buick and if you work the time back this weekend," Bobby told him, not looking up from the paperwork Cas had left him with.  "Andy's got some doctor's thing so I'm gonna be short for an hour or so."
The vending machine was broken - it kept spitting their money back out - so they couldn't get their candy.  However, since Ben now had his heart set on having a chocolate bar, Dean was forced to take a detour to the store on the way home.  He went in alone, not wanting them to get distracted and end up buying the whole store.
"Thank you," Pamela told him as the clock chimed, announcing both a new hour and the end of Dean's session.  "For many people, that's often the hardest part."
Cas thought about it, immediately ruling out things that came to mind that were beyond Dean for now.  "I'll take the foot rub," he decided.
"I'm going to leave him alone.  I'm not going to open old wounds, and I don't want to cause any more friction between him and his girlfriend.  I think I've already upset her when I—"
"Oh, hey, there she is.  Jess!"  Sam waved at someone over Castiel's shoulder.  "I'll see you around, okay?"
Cas smiled in relief.  Dean may not like Balthazar, and even Castiel could admit that he could be a little overbearing at times, but deep down he was a good friend.  "Thank you for being so understanding."
But when you get down to it, what's the big deal?  Sure, there's the physical pleasure.  The chemical reaction in your brain that tells you you feel good -
"What if I used the money I won on my scratch card to buy him another one of those puzzle games?  He's nearing the end of that one - though he says he's missed a few puzzles - and he
"I told you not worry about it," Balthazar waved his apology off.  "This morning I had a ménage à... what's the French word for twelve?" Balthazar shouted above the audience's cheers as a smug smile tugged at his lips.
This will probably be the last update for the year as work will start to get busy in the run-up to Christmas.
"I like to think I'm pretty easy-going, but the rules are there to be followed, and the paperwork needs to be filled in."
"Of course.  I just wanted to check Dean was feeling alright - he's been a little off, the past few days."
.  He knew what was going on since he'd seen it before, but even if he hadn't, he wasn't paying it enough attention to be confused.
It was a little askew, but a salvageable second attempt.  "Not bad."  Dean tidied it up for him, clapping him on the shoulder when he was done.
Dropping his head back against the headrest, Dean sighed.  "I just think you deserve better than me, Cas.  Someone who can take you out nice places, and hold your hand."
Dean looked over at Chuck, who was licking his paws and looking very pleased with himself.  "Don't die," he commanded the cat.
"So good, Dean," Santa panted, as Dean drove him closer to the edge.  "You're so good at this.  Such a good boy.  You deserve to come on my cock."
As they came to a stop outside their door and Dean dug in his pocket for his key, Cas rested a hand on his shoulder.
Once Castiel had scooped out the majority of his seeds he turned his attention to Dean, watching as he expertly scraped the insides of his pumpkin.
Dean glanced up from the letter he was writing to Ben.  Cas was wearing his black formal pants, a freshly ironed shirt, and had a blue tie draped around his neck.
Starting to feel peckish after his run, Castiel mentally postponed his shower in order to prepare himself a snack.  While Dean had fattened him up on a wide variety of Eastern takeaways, Balthazar had introduced him to Mediterranean tapas and he knew his friend had some leftovers in the fridge.  Helping himself, he piled a plate with a piece of Spanish omelette, some stuffed olives, a few slices of cured meats - the names of which he couldn't pronounce - and a wedge of focaccia bread.  He quickly sliced up a small carrot and a stick of celery as well, finishing off the plateful with a large spoonful of hummus.
"Okay, good.  Now you're approach was good, but your release was terrible."  Dean marched him forward until they were a couple of steps behind the foul line.  "Well done for keeping your foot behind the line, though."
Jo had a feeling there was more to it than that, so she gave him a moment to see if he'd elaborate further.  But the longer the silence dragged on, the less it became likely that he would speak.  "Dean?" she prompted, silently willing him to open up to her.
Dean took another large gulp of his drink.  She didn't need to know about the voicemails he'd left on Castiel's phone - calls which had gone unanswered and unreturned.  "Nope."
When Cas swallowed and mumbled, Dean realised he was awake and shook his shoulder slightly until Cas sat up.  "We're here."
"I'm not taking no for an answer." He saw Castiel's reluctant expression and mistook it for disapproving. "Look, I promise I won't drink. Much. You shouldn't have to sit here with me, anyway. I'm not a pretty sight right now." He leant back over the toilet and retched once again.
"They're not potato chips!  It's not like I'm walking into a shop and have to decide whether I fancy cheese and onion or salt and vinegar!"
"Hey Cas.  Come here," Dean said reluctantly.  He couldn't let him go out looking like he'd been electrocuted, so he ran his fingers through Castiel's hair and ruffling it up a little until it wasn't sticking up in clumps any more.  "Much better."
With a heavy sigh Dean finished up and headed back inside, where he was welcomed with the warm aroma of simmering spices.
"And so I let you.  I don't grudge you wanting to pay your way.  I just wish I could afford to buy you a decent present."
Cas snorted unattractively before clambering into his lap, his back to the TV.  "I'm glad you're here today," Cas told him, before lowering his mouth to Dean's.
"Don't talk like that," Dean said immediately, his expression darkening.  He didn't want to think about Cas ever not being around.
The cat was winding around his ankles again.  He gave it a gentle nudge with his foot to encourage it to move, and it did - to his other leg.  Chuck Norris was going to trip him up and he was going to break his leg.  Again.  He imagined trying to tell the ER nurse what had happened and smirked.
Castiel bit his lip as he rinsed the soap out of his t-shirt. It wasn't that he hadn't been looking for a job, but he'd never finished college and couldn't drive, so his options were limited. He didn't want Dean to think that he was abusing his kindness, or taking his hospitality for granted. He
Cas opened his mouth to speak, but his jaw hung slack when he saw Dean.  He wore a plain red shirt over a dark t-shirt along with dark jeans, and damn it if Castiel didn't want to rip them off him right there and then.
," Cas replied.  "I mean, look at me - you think I've got myself all sorted out but I still need to see Pam."
"Hey.  No."  He shooed the kitten away, wondering how it had escaped the kitchen.  Perhaps he hadn't closed the door firmly enough?
"Come on," Dean grinned, flicking some bubbles at him.  "It's just a bit of washing up, not the end of the world."
There were a few more slaps on the back before a pointed cough from Bobby had the mechanics moving towards the garage - with the exception of Andy, who walked with Cas to the office.
"No," Dean agreed, and when Castiel released him he bent to pick up his bag. "Come on, let's get you home," he sighed.
They ate their lunch in relative silence; some frozen chicken in a sauce thing that they'd bought at the supermarket a couple of weeks ago, with some potatoes that Cas had managed to salvage from a bag that was starting to sprout.  He made awkward small talk about things he did with Balthazar while they ate, and afterwards they washed up without speaking.  Like a well-oiled machine, one washed and one dried.  The silence hung heavily around them, until the last piece of cutlery was put away and Castiel drained the water out of the sink.
On the other end of the phone line Sam chuckled.  "I don't care.  I'm just glad that we're doing birthdays and stuff again."
"So as you can see, our screen isn't too different from the one the public can use to browse," Samandriel told Cas.  "We just have access to more functions, like ordering books from other local libraries."
"What's the matter," Dean asked without thinking, "have you forgotten how your mom and I used to kiss all the time?"  Immediately he realised how that must sound to Cas.  "I mean...  Uh..."  He trailed off, shaking his head at Cas in silent apology.
"But I can understand his struggles," he said, mentally berating himself for defending Dean even as he did so.
"Oh, fine.  Just a few stitches.  And they gave me some rather nice painkillers," he added with a smile.  "How's the foot?"
Dean stared at Cas, letting his words sink in.  He hadn't realised - or believed - just how important he was to Castiel.  Even if it had been out of selfishness, maybe he hadn't screwed up Castiel's life
A dopey smile spread across Dean's face as he looked around the bar to locate his blue-eyed friend.  He chuckled when he saw him attempting to sway on the spot while Meg twirled herself around him.  "Yeah," he agreed, motioning for Jo to give him another beer.  "Or maybe
Slowly, teasingly slowly, the fabric was dragged across his dick.  But was Cas teasing Dean, or himself?  Or perhaps both of them?  Finally he sprang free - disappointingly, not a freckle to be seen - and Cas yanked his shorts down the rest of the way, tossing them onto the floor before lying down with his face beside Dean's crotch.
because I wanted to incorporate a scene from the show and neither I nor my beta could find it until I remembered their blog then I found it in a flash because they tag
"I'm sure she'll warm to you in no time," Dean assured him with an encouraging hand on his shoulder.
"And what are you going while I'm doing all this?" Dean asked as he stood by the sink, washing his hands.
"Don't fucking tease me, not today."  Cas loved sucking him, enjoying taking his time as he practically worshipped Dean's cock, but today he needed it quick - it had been too long since they'd done this, because Dean hadn't felt like sex while he'd been grieving.  "Need it.  Need you," he said, hoping that Cas understood.
"Hey, it's none of my business.  Or theirs," Andy said, holding his hands up.  "They'll find out if you tell them, and not before.  Certainly not from me."
Day turned into weeks, and Dean was uncharacteristically quiet.  On more than one occasion Cas had entered a room and sat down, not realising Dean was in it with him until he spoke or moved.  Once he sneezed so suddenly that Cas nearly fell off the couch in surprise, which Cas couldn't be mad at him for because Dean had laughed for the first time since Bobby had died.
"Are you going to stare at your coffee until it goes cold?" Cas asked carefully as he rinsed out his now empty cereal bowl.
- members of your family," she reminded him.  "These are not the actions of someone with commitment issues."
Three hours later two empty pizza boxes lay on the coffee table, and Dean and Cas were sprawled side by side on the couch.  Both were stuffed full, Dean was slightly drunk, and neither could muster the energy to reach for the remote to put the TV off.  Instead, the title screen music of the DVD was playing on loop.
In the shower, soapy bubbles slid down Castiel's body.  He found himself considering how different Dean's life would be if he had died that night on the bridge.  It was almost a year ago, he was shocked to realise.
"And yet you're dating a guy!" Jo shot back.  "This is what I mean.  If you can't accept that and step out of the closet, you're going to hurt him.  And I don't want to see him hurt again.  I like him."
"If I'd let you carry on the way you were going I'd have felt guilty about using you as slave labour!" Dean told him jokingly. "It'll make a change from burgers, anyway – it's about the only goddamn thing I
Castiel smiled as he slipped the DVD into the machine, because he didn't like it when Dean was unhappy.  He'd been more than unhappy enough for both of them since he'd moved in.
"People like me aren't welcome there.  That was made clear to me when it was preached that we should not tolerate those who sin simply because the government has made it legal, for legality and morality are two different things."
Castiel woke with a start, his breath caught in his throat and the damp sheets clinking to his bare skin. He closed his eyes as if hoping to block out the memory, and suddenly realised that his cheeks were wet. Wiping his tears away angrily with the back of his hand, Castiel let out a frustrated sigh and buried his head deeper into the pillow. He tossed and turned for hours before he finally fell back into a fitful slumber.
As Dean crossed the card, the roar of an engine drew closer.  He looked onto the main road as a car raced by the garage, something glinting from the back-seat window.
As one of Cas's hands moved to caress the back of his neck, Dean swallowed thickly.  This was a hell of a lot more...
Castiel could pinpoint the exact moment Dean realised he'd said too much, and things started to make sense.
"Dean, that car had better not go back to its owners with more dents than when it arrived!" Bobby's voice called over.
"Sam is bringing the last of the things down from the attic.  He says it's mostly junk and he'll drop it off at the dump on the way home, but he sent me to ask if you wanted your old guitar."
forget him."  He then slipped his hand into Dean's boxers and cupped his half-hard cock with more confidence than he felt.  The warm weight felt good in his hand; felt
If Dean wasn't ready to give up on him just yet, it would be rude to just throw his hands in the air and say 'I quit', so perhaps he should give him the benefit of the doubt, for now.
Castiel opened his mouth, but no words came out.  He rubbed a comforting hand across Dean's back.  "We don't need to put a label on anything." he offered eventually.  "I'd love to call you my boyfriend - my
Castiel stared at him wide-eyed, and Dean looked in horror from Cas's fearful expression to his own hand, still fisted on the counter.
Dean put a hand on Castiel's knee and gave it a squeeze.  "I guess it would just feel like a way to repay them for looking out for you until I found you."
"It's not.  But somewhere along the line I seem to have turned into your relationship counsellor," she smiled.
Castiel closed his eyes and exhaled, because Dean had done exactly what he had wanted him to do and yet a part of him wished that he'd stayed and pushed Cas just a little more.
"I don't know how much time I've got left," Dean admitted.  "Cas wants more.  He's been ready for more for so long."
A tin of chickpeas, a spoonful of peanut butter, and a dash of oil and lemon juice went into the blender and he blitzed it into a thick puree.  He did his best to spoon the mixture into a small ramekin, cursing as the amount that stubbornly clung to the blades.  Eventually accepting defeat, he filled it with hot water and left it to soak as he sliced some carrot, pepper, and celery on a large plate, arranging it around the bowl.  Finally he popped a couple of pitta bread into the toaster.
"We're fine," Dean said, his stubborn streak cutting off the reluctant thanks before it reached his lips.
"Having to pay for a bus home because you decided to buy washing powder that was on promotion, thereby cancelling out what you'd saved on the powder, was a highlight?" Dean asked pointedly.
Cas sighed softly, wondering how their celebratory dinner had become anything but.  "Tell me about Ben," he demanded softly.
He walked back out of the garage lot and started walking home, leaving his red-faced boss staring at his retreating back.
"Oh, international business.  It's really very boring and not good dinner conversation.  But what about you?  You can't spend the rest of your life working part-time in that dirty garage."
Castiel swallowed.  The way Dean spoke was so matter-of-fact, and there was no hint of the usual regret he conveyed on the rare occasions he's mention his brother.
Fear churned in the emptiness in his stomach at the thought of losing Cas, and he took four steps forward so he standing right in front of him.  "We're together," he said, cupping Cas's face.  He studied his friend's - no, his
A thousand lewd images flew through his mind, but Castiel's anxious whimper dragged him back to his senses. "Nothing, sorry." He stood up and stepped closer to her. "Perhaps another night, though." He winked and tucked five bucks under her thong.
missing as he walked through his front door and stepped on a key that must have been slipped under the door.
The next day Cas stood wide-eyed in Bobby's office, surveying the several piles of documents piled up to two feet high and balanced precariously on desk corners, staplers, and various other uneven surfaces.
"Nearly there," Cas told Dean, as the reached the steps of their - Dean's - apartment block.  It had taken them almost two hours to walk the forty-five minute journey, with Dean leaning heavily on Castiel's shoulder the whole time.
"Don't try to take it all," Cas told Dean as he sucked on the head of his cock.  "Just take what you can."
Dean followed Bobby through to his office where he was ushered into a seat and a steaming hot mug of coffee was thrust into his hand.
As happy as he was that he no longer needed to lie to their friends, his heart ached for Dean.  He knew all too well what it was like to feel forced into coming out before you were ready, and he never wanted it to be like that for Dean - no matter how much he hated having to hide their relationship.  Dean's bright green eyes, full of resignation and regret, flicked up to meet his.  Castiel smiled and squeezed his hand, relieved when the corner of Dean's mouth turned up in response.
"I'm fucking peachy, Sam!" he roared.  Then he noticed the nurse stalking towards him.  "Sam, I've got to go.  I'll call you, okay?"
"You don't want a family?" Castiel sounded surprised. He thought Dean would make a good father – he was kind, and certainly seemed to have a lot of love to give if the way he had taken Castiel in was anything to go by,
want to know what you have to say about the sequels..." Dean muttered to himself as Castiel walked gingerly to the kitchen.
"Maybe because I don't hire strippers and you won't find any hookers standing around the corners 'round here?" Ellen teased.
"Maybe don't go wearing it to any gay bars and I'm sure you'll be fine," he said, patting Dean's hand where it rested on the table.
Balthazar could tell that Castiel wasn't in the mood for talking so spent the ride to Dean's apartment spouting trivia about the film and the actors in it, regardless of whether or not Castiel was actually listening.
"If this is about the elevator, I've been told it'll be working again by next week," Mr Shurley told him as soon as the door was open.
Castiel carefully shook some cereal into a bowl and poured a meagre splash of milk over the dry flakes while he watched Dean work the coffee machine like it was something that needed great levels of concentration; like it
Dean frowned in confusion until he realised he meant the anniversary of her death.  "Yeah.  Monday."
cracked through the air, and it took Dean a second to register them as gunshots.  His eyes widened, and he threw himself down behind the nearest car as he yelled Bobby's name.
Dean's hands tightened their grip on the wheel; he could feel the nerves rolling off Castiel in waves.  He wished he'd put some music when they'd gotten in the car.
Jo opened and closed her mouth, because she couldn't tell him that he was half-wrong without betraying Cas's trust.  But she was pretty sure she wasn't imagining
"—wasn't easy, and I'm not used to feeling this possessive or jealous about someone, and then to actually say, 'Hey, that's my boyfriend you're playing cupid with' only to find out I'm the subject of a
understood exactly what had gone wrong - just that he was a large part of the problem.  Dragging a hand over his face, he sighed.  "Oh, you'll get this when you're older."
Cas became visibly upset, and seemed to curl in on himself.  Jo stepped around her mother and wrapped an arm around him, whispering something in his ear that seemed to reassure him slightly.
Dean was silent for a long moment.  "Once," he admitted.  Bracing for her attack, he mounted his defence.  "Look, I know it's not what we agreed, but—"
As Dean chewed, Castiel eyed the string of melted cheese hanging from his lip.  A split-second later he'd leaned up, caught it on his tongue, and was kissing him.
He set about dicing and slicing, before coating the veg in oil and herbs and roasting them in the oven for half an hour along with some garlic.  Then he threw the chopped tomatoes in a saucepan and began making a sauce.
Swallowing, Cas stepped past Dean and eyed the newly set pins like they might attack him at any moment.
Sam arranged for Eileen to meet them at the bunker, but in the end Dean volunteered to take a detour to her house so that Sam could ride home with her.  Thankfully he took Miracle, too, and Cas moved into the front passenger seat.
Dean gave her an uncomfortable look.  "I'm not the sharpest tool in the shed, I know that.  I'm not good with words."
.  Self-destructive individuals lose themselves in these habits, or engage in deliberately annoying or alienating behavior, so that the other people in their life will reject them first.  Therapy can be a good way for self-destructive people to find healthier coping mechanisms."
, right?  Time gets away from Mr Shurley.  That was a mistake I only needed to make once, before I learned to just deal with stuff myself."  He was lucky that none of his unauthorised repairs had caused any problems, but Mr Shurley didn't seem to pay any attention to his tenants.  In fact, as he thought about it, he realised that Mr Shurley was pretty useless.  Cas had been living with him for months, and the guy hadn't bothered to remind Dean that his lease agreement was only for one tenant.  Maybe he should do something about that...  He cleared his throat.  "Anyway, I'll leave you to, uh..."
Castiel looked up at him from his position on the bed, his head in his hands, fingertips running through his tousled hair.
Dean let the bag slide off his shoulder and bent down to pick up the rectangular package, staring at it thoughtfully before he tossed it to Castiel without so much as a warning. Castiel caught it with one hand and gave Dean a puzzled look before turning his attention to the feel of the light parcel.
That was the Cas Dean knew. Dean shook his head and took one last look at Cas who just at that moment looked up at Dean with a completely fake smile on his face, pretending to be enamored with what he thought was the gift. Dean busted out laughing and Castiel's face became even more confused.
Castiel knew Dean's noises would be his undoing and began to pull Dean towards the shabby bed, not once breaking his hold. The moment Castiel felt the back of Dean's legs hit the edge of the bed he shifted his weight causing Dean to lose his balance and topple onto the bed.
"You know, for a human with all of the insight into the supernatural world as you do you're pretty clueless when it comes to me. Do you remember when I told Sam that you and I had a profound bond, which is why I answered your call before all others." Dean nodded halfheartedly, but Castiel was not deterred. "Dean that bond…our bond…trust in that. Trust that I will never leave you. No matter who abandons you or who makes you feel you aren't worthy of love know that I will always be there to protect you and I will always…" Castiel drifted off because he realized he may be revealing too much and was startled that he even allowed himself to admit what he did; even more startling, though, was the depth to which he meant what he said.
"The only thing stopping you is your stubbornness, that and these fucking pants" Dean said, one hand slipping tantalizingly slowly down to his backside, cupping his crotch from behind and causing a visible spasm.
Dean placed Cas's hand on the side of his face as he began to help with the buttons, running a finger down the middle of Cas's chest and stopping when he reached his naval. He could feel Cas's abdomen tighten and could see the growing bulge protruding from his pants – mimicking his own. He realized that he had never seen Cas out of these clothes and took a moment to admire his shirtless body. He didn't consider himself sexually attracted to men, but Cas was no ordinary man – and his body was unlike any other male form in his eyes. He took in the smattering of almost black chest hair that collected into a trail near the waistband of his pants. His body was thin, but clearly defined that ended in a pronounced V shape at his hips, still partially covered.
"Dad always said I had bad habits…Maybe you're just one of the bad habits I can't seem to kick despite my best efforts."
Cas shifted slightly so he could look at Dean and took in his disheveled appearance. Feeling slightly more daring than usual he gave no verbal reply, he simply quirked an eyebrow at Dean as if challenging the validity of his statement. His left hand began the journey down his torso where he had been unearthing Dean's lower abdomen. His eyes never left Dean's, nor did his expression change when he slowly inched his fingers upward with the cloth of the shirt in toe – his short fingernails raking a burning trail up the scant hair of Dean's toned stomach stopping only when he reached his chest.
Castiel looked torn between an answer and Dean noticed Castiel's hand tighten on the cabinet edge as if he was trying to keep himself in check.
"Dean…our bond…you alone can make me forget myself and you alone can feel my true form. Just as I can feel you when I'm not on this earth you can feel me."
The moment Dean felt the cool air hit his chest he moved up the bed away from Cas's distracting ministrations and Cas took his face in his hands so he could look him in the eye. "He's so beautiful…inside and out" Cas thought, "And he doesn't even realize it…" He glanced downward and noticed the angry mark on his left shoulder – the one imperfection on his body, yet Castiel couldn't entirely regret leaving his burning mark on Dean – a primeval testimony to their bond despite the torture it caused him to leave such a painful mark on his Dean.
"Of course, Dean," Castiel looked on innocently, "Why would you think otherwise?" He gave a crooked smile as if tempting Dean to contradict.
When Cas could no longer continue lest he finish before he even began with his sweet Dean he gently coaxed Dean from his body and pushed him back down against the bed. His hand which was gripping Dean firmly began to trace higher until he reached Dean's firm backside, eliciting a moan from Dean as he gripped the bed sheets. Cas bent over Dean and began to trace the pentagram on his chest with his tongue, occasionally leaving a love bite, as he slowly entered Dean with one finger.
But he didn't move back or try to justify himself to him as he so often found himself doing. Dean just lowered his lips to his and pressed one chaste kiss against their soft surface. As he pulled back, he felt him unconsciously follow him as if he didn't want to be parted from his touch.
Castiel froze. Removing his hands from his eyes, he looked to the left and saw the outline of the Dean perched lightly on the edge of his bed. As he pushed himself into a sitting position, Dean flicked his wrist on the wall he was near and an electric fireplace illuminated the room Castiel was currently occupying…and the smirk on Dean's face.
Still holding onto the tie, Dean felt Cas's soft lips gently teasing his own. He never imagined what an angel would taste like and now he would never forget: it was addictive. Whenever he moved away slightly only to go in for another small gentle kiss he took with him purity – like the space where the ocean meets the air. Warmth spread down Dean's entire body and he pressed himself into Cas's body while his hand finally loosened on the tie and moved up to his arm to where the neck meets the shoulder.
"How could this guy have lied to me? God he's so transparent" he thought and smiled as he shook his head in a similar manner to Cas, but he was still kind of worried Cas didn't like the tie.
"Dean..." Castiel started, hating the way that he couldn't resist as he pressed his body to his chest.
Only the sounds of their breathing could be heard and the tension in Castiel's body was potent. Before he could stop himself, Castiel tilted his head and moved his body into Dean's so they were touching. He stopped a hairs breath away from Dean, slightly smirking when he caught a glimpse of his boyish freckles.
With a growl, Cas launched himself from his attention with the scar and moved to straddle Dean's midsection as he used his free hand to slowly unknot his soft blue tie and discard it to the ever growing pile. Dean looked upward from his downturned head, continuing his assault on Cas's hand while burning blue eyes watched him as he slowly unbuttoned his shirt, the dark sparse hair slowly appearing with the removal of each button.
Dean's smirk grew wider as he answered, "I've been looking for you actually and I remembered you saying once that you had come across an old Victorian in Lexington that "spoke to you" " he imitated Castiel's voice, which Castiel found to be slightly too deep. "So I figured I'd try it…I had been wandering around this piece of shit house and then I heard something…you've been calling my name in your sleep for the past half hour you know."
With no words spoken Castiel shrugged out of his own pants and watched as Dean's eyes travelled unabashedly to the evidence of his own arousal , slightly smaller than his partners, but in no way lacking. He hovered his palm near Dean and slowly began to place feather light pressure along the shaft, not once taking his eyes off of Dean's face. When his finger reached the tip of his shaft he was surprised by the violent reaction he received from Dean when he projected himself upward into Cas's waiting arm, thus burying himself deeper into Cas's hand.
Gift forgotten, Castiel took Dean's face into his hands and leaned against his forehead, smelling the soap and leather coming off of Dean,
He watched Cas just look at him completely straight faced watching him die of laughter with a look of "I'll speak when you have it aaaaalllll out of your system. Just let me know…."
"Dean? Dean I need you to listen to me." Castiel said all the while rubbing Dean up and down his back. Dean had meanwhile curled his fists into the lapels of Castiel's coat and Castiel lowered one of his arms to cover his hand with his own.
Dean continued to pace his motel room trying to figure out what the hell he did in a past life to deserve all of this. He was finally getting the normal life he always wanted – he had Lisa and Ben, a real family, but that was sure as dead.
Dean paused in his pacing and just shut his eyes tight, silently shaking with emotion. Sam was just about the only damn person he would ever willingly go to Hell for…again.
Dean ran his finger down Castiel's tie, its soft smooth texture feeling foreign against his calloused and strong fingers. Encouraged by the look in Castiel's eyes, Dean wrapped his fingers around the tie and slowly tugged Castiel in closer until they were nose to nose, even then he did not let go.
The moment he had Dean on the bed, Castiel ran his hands down Dean's side and began to untuck his gray undershirt. Just as he was about to slide his fingers underneath the material he felt Dean's hands stopping his and he looked up to see the hesitation in his eyes.
Watching Sam fall into that cage was probably the hardest thing he had ever had to let happen. Seeing him tumble effortlessly into that godforsaken shit hole and knowing what awaited him beyond the gates made him want to…
"My wings, Dean…did you forget I was an angel?" He moved Dean's head so he could smile upon his face.
"Say yes, Cas, and I will give you everything I have to offer. Never leave a man behind – that's our motto. And you aren't a man Cas, but you are mine and I will not leave you behind."
"I thought that would have been obvious," Cas gave him one final Eskimo kiss as he looked back at him.
"Dean I know you better than you do; I watch every movement, I listen to every word, and Dean, you are such a strong and devoted leader that you sometimes refuse to accept any flaws in others. Yes, Dean I made a mistake, but we all have made mistakes."
Castiel pushed himself from the cabinet and moved towards Dean silencing him with his quick movement.
Dean's lips brushed over his skin, teasing his with the thought of what his body was telling him that he wanted it.
Dean walked over to the bed and sat down, putting his right arm around Cas' lower back while leaning over with his left arm to put his hand atop the gift and lower it from Cas' eyes so he could focus on him. Without removing either hand Dean spoke,
Castiel unrolled the tie and laid it on their laps, fingering the stars sewn onto the black materiel, inspecting it further.
"Well Dean I'm not sure exactly how I would go about "shitting you," but if it is in reference to what I said being incorrect then no I am not shitting you."
The necktie was tied and as Dean went to tighten the knot around his neck he pulled Cas in closer, his hands slowly moved up the column of the tie and as he brought the knot up to his neck he pulled Cas in closer until their noses were touching.
"Dean…" Castiel's voice had dropped several octaves and one might have thought he was upset if they didn't know the circumstances. "I don't think you understand – "
"I've been carrying that around for a few weeks now for….well for you actually. Would have given it to you, but you were too busy betraying us to pop on in."
"Say yes and I'll do whatever you want that it's in my power to do," he whispered. "Just let me help you and I'll be everything you've wanted me to be. No more lies and no more regrets – I never thought I'd find a place to call home, but my home is with you."
Dean sensed the tears welling up in the corner of his eyes and felt the tremble overtaking his body slowly. Castiel noticed his lip quivering and immediately closed the distance between them to offer him a sign of comfort, but Dean just turned his back to Castiel refusing to give in to emotions he had been successfully bottling up since his father died, especially in front of the one being who he believed didn't care anymore.
Castiel knew that wasn't directed at his answering him no matter what. Why….why indeed? Castiel couldn't answer that question no matter how many times he asked it or who he posed it to. Why…Why had the Winchesters been chosen to fight evil? Why had he been chosen to raise Dean from Perdition? Why did God leave? Why? Why? Why?
Castiel couldn't hold back the shiver that ran through him at that. His hands found their way to rest on his arms, neither pulling him closer nor pushing him away.
But before Castiel could reply to that, Dean captured his lips in another intoxicating kiss. And he felt himself responding to him once more; Dean felt him giving himself over to the side that wanted him. When he pulled away for a second time, the reluctance in his shocking blue eyes was even more obvious, but Dean purposefully held himself back from him.
Cas bent his head down until their noses touched, "I regret many things, Dean…but I'll never regret you." He delivered a hot kiss to Dean's mouth before moving to the scar. He ran a finger around the outline of the scar and Dean took Cas's other hand and placed an open kiss to his palm as Cas mimicked the movement by gently kissing the palm of the scar. They mimicked each other across each hand, as Cas would kiss a finger so would Dean. Cas pushed his hand into Dean's lips and ran his tongue across the middle finger of the scar as he felt Dean's hot breath over his hand. Dean kissed the tip of Cas's middle finger before running his teeth over the length as he sucked the tip into his mouth and back out.
Castiel, however, knew that Dean was ashamed he allowed himself to be vulnerable in front of someone. He could hear Dean's heart beating rapidly and felt the knot that was forming in Dean's throat as he unsuccessfully tried to hold back the tears that were threatening to fall. Cas saw the images flash through Dean's mind of his father leaving Sam and him to fend for themselves while he hunted, of Sam telling them he wanted to be lawyer, he saw and felt the shattering of Dean's heart when Sam went to Hell and the realization upon his return that Lisa and Ben were impossible to keep.
"Enough!" Bobby had yelled. "This…" he gestured all around them "is bad enough without you two idgits turning on each other! Bringing up old wounds is not going to help us right now where Cas is concerned so knock it off!"
Dean signed and moved himself from Cas, leaning back onto the bed with his hands and tilted his head toward his chest,
Castiel increased his pressure against Dean and both were rewarded by the low growl in Dean's throat and gasp turned moan that Castiel let out when he felt teeth slide across his throat. Dean could feel Cas's erection against his lower abdomen and with every movement he made against it the tighter Cas's hold became on him.
As Dean was placing pliant kisses along Cas's shoulders and collarbone he felt a soft tickling against his cheek. He looked up briefly and saw nothing, but felt Cas's hand come up behind his neck to push him back down again. This time the tickling sensation was brushing the side of his body and it felt warm, yet caused Goosebumps to appear.
Dean looked up suddenly having been entirely focused on the task at hand and smirked at the hand on his cheek,
Dean leaned forward and tentatively kissed Cas's bare shoulder blade – earning a rewarding groan from Cas as their bare chests met. Cas ran his hand over Dean's large biceps and reveled in the sensations Dean was creating within him with his hesitant touches. Still straddling Dean – he felt his growing arousal and allowed himself a moment to close his eyes and just revel in the feeling of Dean.
"Vestri decorus animus est meus pacis…" Your beautiful soul is my peace. Dean could feel Castiel smiling against his neck as he said this.
"Are you kidding me? I've been on red alert about Sam and you come here because of some stupid horn?"
Bobby being the ever pragmatic one thought it was best to not go in gun's blazing and had suggested that the three of them stick to the old adage "keep your friends close and your enemies closer." This immediately set Dean off because it suggested Cas was no longer their friend, despite the fact he had called to question that very relationship to Cas' face. Dean had regretted his harsh tone after he had said that to Cas, especially after seeing his entire demeanor fall, which he hadn't thought could drop any further.
There. He had finally said it. His furrowed brow and tense face were trying to remain disconnected and angry; the only real sign of emotion that belied his true thoughts was in the quiver of his supple lips as he finally came to terms with the possibility that Cas may already be lost to him, a gesture that did not go unnoticed by Castiel.
With a final tug Dean's pants were off and that effectively silenced his rambling. Castiel could only look upon Dean with mounting arousal and love. His shaft protruded from his body and Castiel could see the glistening tip was far more sure of this situation than its owner was. He chanced a glance at his remarkably silent partner and where there was once concerned reservation he could see clear anticipation, wondering where this was about to lead.
Dean stared into Castiel's bright blue eyes and saw his pain as he fought with himself to come up with his reply. That was, until his eyelids closed softly, shielding them from his penetrating gaze.
"I love you Dean Winchester. I love you with every fiber of my being and I will bond to you," Castiel gripped Dean's hand and took the initiative to hover over him this time – gaining back a bit of his old self as he tilted his head to the side.
Dean could feel Castiel's stubble against his own and realized he was letting him decide their fate.
"An angel cry? Absurd." Castiel thought to himself, but he hadn't been just an angel for a long time and he had the Winchesters to thank for that – specifically Dean.
"Cas…I don't think…" He was met with gentle eyes as Cas placed his free hand against his cheek. Soon Dean felt the soft, warmth of Cas's wings against the side of his body and a calm dizziness overtook him as he moved his hips upward to give Cas more control and create some relief. He sighed against Cas's mouth.
Castiel had moved his head to look up at Dean, waiting for his response. When he saw how difficult it was for Dean to reply he knew it wasn't a reflection on him – but on the way Dean was raised, how he learned to see the world.
Castiel matched Dean's volume; his warm breath alerting Dean to his nearness despite the harsh tone and he mentally berated himself for the effect it was having on him, "Would you have understood, Dean? I honestly don't think you would have if I had said to you I want a "dead" (Castiel used exaggerated air quotes for this) demon to help me win my war!"
"So Cas…if you don't like it you don't have to keep it." Dean made a move to take the present away, but Castiel batted his hand away and moved over closer to the pillow.
"I've been meaning to analyze more closely the everyday troubles that face…Charlie Brown? And what appears to be a morbidly obese orange feline."
Dean didn't even have to turn around, but he slowly did after saying "I honestly didn't think you'd show up…"
Castiel just shook his head and smiled, "Of course." He began to slowly remove the rubber bands around the package and was loathe to rip any of the paper as he began to separate the paper from the tape and…well apparently Dean had cut himself on the paper because there were small droplets of blood he had tried to cover.
Behind Dean was a fallen angel or at least what appeared to be one. Where there once was a stoic angel who held his head high even when confounded was a surprisingly human looking man, shoulders sagging and mouth in what seemed to be a permanent frown. Castiel's eyes in the beginning were of the clearest, purist blue and could search out things in your heart that even you did not know of. Those eyes looked the same to the untrained eye, but Dean knew his angel's eyes and could see that they were duller, as if they carried all of the pain and turmoil of 10,000 human souls – perhaps they did? Cas had said once that he felt everything Dean did, but on a higher level so maybe that included other human's as well? If only Dean knew the half of it…
Castiel rearranged himself so he could look upon Dean and he held his face between his hands, "You are my reason for living, Dean Winchester. I know you don't understand fully yet what I meant by our profound bond, but I will remind you – yes the day I rescued you from Hell was by God's command, but it wasn't until I glanced upon you myself and looked into your soul that I realized how truly divine you were. Despite the torture you endured, despite your resolve never to hurt another and the anguish you felt when you did your soul remained pure and unbroken. I felt the pain you experienced when you dealt that first blow against one of your own – Your strength, your humanity is what saved you from the hatred of Lucifer's demons…"
Cas couldn't contain himself any longer once he saw the desire burning in Dean's eyes as he threw the coat off the bed onto the floor. The moment his arms were release he slid Dean's shirt further and soon it joined the discarded coat on the floor.
Castiel gasped and his eyes flashed open, only to find Dean's green piercing eyes staring intensely back at his.
Dean didn't move as he felt Cas' eyelashes fluttering along the side of his face, his soft dark hair against his brow. His hands were tracing lazy patterns on his neck and he couldn't help but let out a sigh of content as Cas finally deposited a feather light kiss to the outer shell of his ear, right below the lobe. He whispered,
Dean opened his eyes and smiled, "Well yeah, I mean I got it for you…don't look that much into it or anything it was just there and…well ya know I just figured….yeah go ahead open it." Dean moved back to an upright position and sniffed while rubbing his nose, failing at appearing indifferent and no nonsense because his eyes belied his true anxiousness of Cas opening the present.
"With all that you've accused me of doing to you. With all that you've said? Forced me to do? You're going to force me into this too? No Dean. I will not let you do this."
The atmosphere of the room only worsened when Sam had suggested that Bobby wasn't completely unfounded in his thoughts,
Dean knew he didn't want to lose Cas either, he loved Cas and wished none of this had happened. Cas' remained on his face and he gave a tired sigh as he contemplated everything; he was just so exhausted, he didn't have answers and that didn't sit well with him. Instead of trying to find the words he slowly just moved his arms to the sides of Cas' hips and brushed circles with his thumb against the bone, his fingers splayed out on the curve of his lower back. They sat there like that for a few minutes just thinking every emotion they couldn't speak and hoped their actions would speak louder than words ever could or would. Castiel broke the silence.
Dean smiled a genuine smile at Cas, bringing his hand to his face, to which Cas leaned into and place a kiss upon his palm.
Cas laid a hand upon his cheek and ran his knuckles up and down, "I have to concentrate to keep them inside of me…but when I…lose myself..." he gave Dean a knowing look, "they appear."
"No, Cas. Let's get something straight." Dean closed the distance between them and raised his hand to Cas, pointing an accusing finger at him, "It's not that you couldn't make us understand it's that you didn't try. You went behind everyone's back, Cas. You went behind *my* back and you were the only person…angel…*mythical being* who hadn't done that to me! And I'm really pissed off!" Dean's volume had been increasing with each word and became pointed and stinging at the end.
"Vos es mei iam, iustus ut EGO sum vestri…" You are mine, just as I am yours, echoed in Dean's mind. Castiel was allowing Dean to see his soul.
"Don't ask me things I don't understand…despite everything we both know we don't hate you…*I* don't hate you. This isn't my first supernatural blowup and if the three of us continue to ban together I'm sure it won't be my last."
"One little word, Castiel," Dean whispered, bending his head slightly so that he could feel his breath on his neck.
Castiel watched as Dean straightened up on the floor and several emotions passed across his face, Castiel could sense them all – confusion, anger, incredulity, and….hope? It wasn't very strong nor was it at the forefront of his mind, but it was indeed there.
Dean got up and Castiel followed suit. Dean walked two steps and then turned back around. His eyes were tightly shut and Castiel could see the small lines that formed at the sides of his brow – he was clearly trying to make sense of everything and Castiel could sense he was afraid of opening up to this.
"Changed? Things have changed for you? Damnit Cas! I've lost the closest thing I've ever had to a family and lost my brother twice! And you act as if you could care less!"
Dean was silent, he was ashamed to admit Cas had a point, but his pride refused to admit it out loud, "But you're an angel, Cas! You're better than humans!"
When it became clear that Dean was nowhere near ending his tirade of laughter Castiel shifted and pulled Dean in closer to him as he was still kneeling on the floor. Dean had only one second to react and he felt Cas' legs tighten around his sides as he leaned in, the feel of his cheek against his own as he whispered into his ear, his warm breath tickling the outside.
"I don't know, Dean…why do you continue to call for someone who you lost all trust in? Why do you continue to let me into your life even though I only seem to be hurting you?"
Castiel looked down and a very small smile came to his face, erasing away some of the darkness that had taken up residence on his face as of late. This was in no way a funny matter, but leave it to Dean, his Dean, to call him of all people human knowing full well who he was and what his responsibilities were before all else...well that was before the apocalypse.
Dean just started in utter confusion at Cas…what in fucking hell was Cas talking about? He watched Cas carefully inspect the gift he had bought for him, feeling the outer texture and slowly turning it in his hand to read the….wait….
Last time Dean checked it was 11am, but that felt like hours ago, yet the sun was still up…hell what day was it?
Dean shuddered at the vibration his deep voice made against his sensitive throat. "Cas I don't know if I can't do this…if I want this…"
"Dean I know you think I've abandoned you. I know you expect everyone to abandon you, but I will never abandon you. I haven't come to you because I can't bear to see your face when I tell you I can't help your brother because you think I don't want to."
Castiel saw Dean's strong, thick arms reaching over his head and he slide his fingers underneath Dean's arm, causing a shuddering ripple in his body.
Castiel halted his meticulous inspection of the comics and looked up not realizing Dean was as close as he was despite feeling his nearness. How could Dean stand to be this close to him? Hadn't they just spoken out in true anger at each other? Castiel was about to voice this observation when he felt Dean tugging at one of the rubber bands holding the package together.
Dean pushed himself away from the bed; Bobby was of no help and he'd sooner make a deal with Crowley than trust Samuel. There was only one person Dean could think of that was of any real help…but he hadn't seen him in weeks despite the current clusterfuck in progress.
Dean tilted his head to the side in acquiescence and Castiel literally had to concentrate on stopping his jaw from dropping open once again.
"I have always been on your side, Dean. Do you think it pleases me to know I cannot help you with your brother?"
"Gabriel's horn of truth….yadda yadda yadda….forces dipshits to answer questions honestly…" He took a swig of the amber liquid in his glass and tried to decide how to go about finding this holy horn.
Castiel immediately spun around on the bed to face him and took Dean's wrists in his hands, "Don't ever think that I don't trust you, Dean…you're the only one I do fully trust. Dean…I'm a soldier I'm not a leader like you are Dean, but I was made one and I was lost."
Castiel gave s sharp intake of breath as Dean moved between his knees, he felt him slide the trench coat past his shoulders along with the suit jacket so he could have better access to the collar. Dean's green eyes looked so beautiful in that moment as he was trying to unknot the original tie, they were focused entirely on the situation at hand and the tie was clearly winning as it had been knotted for some time. Castiel noticed that Dean's tongue was peeking out of the corner of his mouth as his brows knotted in consternation. Castiel couldn't stop his hand as it reached for Dean's stubble covered face.
Despite the speed limit being 55mph, Dean found it more to his benefit to drive 75mph all the while blasting Zeppelin and cussing up a storm in between smacking the steering wheel.
"I realized then and there I didn't want anyone else to harm you or hurt you…that I would fight Lucifer himself if it meant you would be safe and happy. That is what our bond is, Dean…it is my everlasting promise to you that no matter your past, present or future I will be there, risking Hell if need be," he placed his hand on his heart, "until the day you leave this world and enter mine."
"Dean I…I didn't tell you this expecting you to agree or even to understand. I just wanted you to know that you are not alone and unwanted. I'd move heaven and earth if it meant your happiness." He advanced towards Dean and was relieved that he didn't retreat. "Just let me love you, Dean and I promise you'll never have to regret it."
Cas knew in the very back of his very full mind that what he was saying made sense. He didn't value his existence as of late – everything he had done had only killed or alienated those he used to call family. Dean was the only peace he had in his life and the memory of Dean's face that night he discovered his alliance, his true motives…Well the pain he felt he would not even wish upon Lucifer himself.
"Oh don't worry I am," Cas looked as if Dean had just delivered him a fatal blow and he leaned back up and playfully shoved Cas' upper body to the side with his shoulder, "But it's not for the reason you think…I'm mad because you didn't talk to me about this, Cas let me finish; you, me, Sam…we're a team we rely on each other because we're all we have on this earth and it really hurt, Cas to think that you didn't share the same trust in me as I have in you…"
Castiel's voice dropped an octave with this admission and Dean didn't dare meet his eyes, instead looking at his empty glass in his hand. Castiel immediately regretted his harsh tone and without looking away from Dean reached around and grabbed the bottle of brandy.
Castiel released a breath he hadn't realized he was holding when Dean closed the gap between them. He placed his hand on Dean's wrist and just held the fabric of his long sleeve shirt between his fingers. Dean bent his hand towards Castiel's and hesitantly began to stroke the front of Castiel's hand with his middle finger. Castiel let out an audible sigh.
Dean relented and stood up, motioning for Cas to stay where he was on the bed and knelt between his knees.
He placed his lips softly against Dean's and gave a gentle suck to his lower lip, relishing in the sound of Dean growl in the back of his throat.
"Cas do you want me to do this or not?" Dean asked shakily, wondering if there were better things he could be doing with that tie…
"Cas I…we…there was no other option Cas. You used that same God damn reasoning with me when I confronted you about making shady back alley deals with fucking Crowley!"
To be honest, Dean didn't blame Cas for ignoring him. Cas was many things – socially inept, comically serious, unbelievably naïve for one so powerful, but also very perceptive and sensitive to other's emotions, which would make him want to steer clear of the Winchesters for a while even if it meant forever.
Castiel looked as if he was about to speak, but then stopped and tilted his head in a beyond puzzled expression.
"Yeah…Yeah I'll knock it off. Call me when you find something." Dean had said offhandedly in a brisk tone before grabbing his keys and slamming the door behind him.
Slowly, Dean turned around readying a smart ass retort to cover for his lapse, but was promptly silenced by Cas. Dean felt strong arms encase him in a tight embrace, one arm went under his to encircle his waist while the other wrapped around his shoulders to pull him into Cas's chest. The soft, cool fabric of the trench coat against his face, the slight 5 o'clock shadow on Cas's face against his forehead – all of this coupled with the repetitive firm hand rubbing circles against the small of Dean's back caused him to breathe; truly breathe for the first time in over a decade. The tears spilled, soaking Cas's trench coat and thoroughly embarrassing the usually dry humored and no nonsense hunter.
Dean felt an aching shudder fill his body when he felt Cas's tongue caress his bottom lip. The moment his tongue touched his, however, he let out a low moan in the back of his throat and pushed himself further against Cas's body, feeling every inch of him – tight and strong against his own muscular and tension filled body.
The last time Castiel woke, it was with the remnants of a word hanging on his lips. And he couldn't for the life of him remember what it was that he'd said. He could guess though. Castiel pulled his palms up to cover his eyes, pressing them down lightly as he tried to calm his breathing and the feelings in his that the dreams always ignited.
He stared at him, his reply caught in his throat. His breathing was still too heavy for his liking, particularly since Dean knew that he'd been dreaming about him. How he had figured that out, though, was a mystery to his; not to mention how Dean found him.
Castiel moved closer to Dean's turned stance and raised his hand as if to stroke Dean's shoulder, but hesitated mid air…fearful that he wouldn't be able to prove to Dean how very much he did mean to him.
Could Cas be anymore devoted? Even in the face of betrayal, war, and loss he managed to put it all aside in order to save face for a "gift" he clearly only appreciated because it was given to him by Dean. For that moment, Dean put aside everything else because he found he could not simultaneously feel anger towards Cas while he lovingly cradled a gift trying to show true appreciation.
Keeping his hand to the side of Dean's bulge Castiel ran light kisses up the front of his chest and paused on his tattoo – the pentagram with fire surrounding it shone against the light haze of sweat forming on his chest and he laid his head near it, tickling Dean's chest with his eyelashes.
Dean looked up at this, "Abandonment? You think I'm afraid of abandonment! I don't expect it I accept it! Hell I'm damn near used to it! While kids were making mother's day cards I was wondering how many more days good ol' dad would be gone! And as far as Sam goes….as far as…." Dean couldn't finish his rambling because Castiel had placed his hand on Dean's warm, wet cheek and leaned his forehead against Dean's.
Dean could feel Cas behind him. He always knew when Cas was there. Only Cas had that smell; that clean, cold smell that Dean could remember smelling as a child when Spring officially came, promising rebirth and happiness.
Castiel shifted and placed a light kiss on each of his eyelids and Dean wrapped his arms tightly around him as he rubbed his nose against his,
The higher he went, the larger Dean's eyes became and his head fell completely back against the pillow…His hand seemed to have a mind of its own when it moved slowly to run over Cas's side underneath his coat and he felt the tremble in Cas's body.
"You say I am your friend, Dean. You say we are a team. Forgive me, Dean. I need you to forgive me because this war, this fight…it will be worthless to me if I lose you in it."
"I *know* that, Cas! And did you just say frolicking? Never mind…anyway I thought that this tie…ya know…it was kind of like how I used to picture where heaven might be when I was a kid…" Dean looked away completely embarrassed now and tried to get the tie, but Cas put it behind his back and gave Dean a look that said "Stop taking my present!"
"Oh my God…are you kidding me?" Dean couldn't believe it. Cas thought the Sunday comic's he used as wrapping paper was the gift!
"Castiel, you know that I love you. I will take care of you, but the only way that I can do that is if you agree to this," Dean said as he tried to soften his expression.
"Dean you know it's more complicated than you're allowing yourself to believe. Yes in the past I have…that is…I've come across as human as you put it but we both know I am not human. So many things have changed for me because of you and your brother – "
To say Dean was hurt would have been a gross understatement. So this is how he wanted to be? Fine. He had already blown up on Bobby and Sam and he wouldn't have this happen again with Cas.
Castiel's stance became menacing and for a moment he looked like the ominous angel that ruled heaven. Dean remembered when he and Sam had been cornered by Raphael soon after they were pulled from the bizarre reality Balthazar had sent them to – Cas had appeared in time to save them; his proud, long black wings burning a path on the wall behind him as he moved protectively towards the boys. Dean had thought to himself he was glad to never have been on the other side of that angel, oh sure Cas had kicked the shit out of him before, but that anger paled in to comparison to the danger Cas radiated when that which he loved was in danger or falling apart. That Cas was currently directing his attention to Dean.
"What happened to you Cas?" Castiel seemed confused by this question. "You used to be so…so human or at least like one, but now…"
"No! I…I've never received anything like this! Truly, Dean it's more than I deserve right now and I will cherish it. Every time I…" He squinted his eyes trying to make out the smudged newsprint,
Castiel slowly lowered himself and Dean onto the floor against the bed frame so he could hold Dean tighter, all the while trying not to cry himself.
Dean's knees had risen all the while Cas was assaulting his neck and he clamped them against Cas's body, effectively trapping him between his legs. His arms that were currently rubbing Cas's lower back moved to his chest and began to shrug off his trench coat. Cas was more than obliging to helping with the task and moved up slightly so he could remove it completely, giving him more room to move.
"Why, Cas?" No yelling, no sarcastic remarks, just a softly spoken question; more dangerous than a loaded gun.
Castiel materialized in the room just as Dean called out to him. He looked unusually worn and slightly vexed but managed to appear imposing nonetheless, staring at Dean as if he had been waiting for a reason to answer his call.
"I can't marry you, Dean…I just can't for many reasons and I cannot have you thinking you need to save me" he piped up eventually. Maybe it was pride maybe it was guilt, but he just couldn't bear to see Dean giving up everything to dote upon him and tend to him as if he was some sickling kitten.
Cas began to kiss a trail up Dean's neck, breathing deeply as Dean shuddered against him as he kissed his eyelids, nose, and finally mouth before moving back so he could clearly see Dean. He spoke,
"I know what you're thinking, Dean." He poured the liquid into Dean's cup knowing a drink would calm him down. "And Sam is not Lucifer." Dean started at this and looked up at Castiel with clear panic in his eyes – if that brimstone munching bastard so much as….
"Dean…" He said quietly, afraid to speak any louder, "Dean I don't understand why you're allowing me to receive a gift and hear your laughter after all we've been through."
Castiel blinked. He knew Dean was right…that he had used that excuse. But this was different…so much more. How could he put behind him everything they had shared? He was about to voice this very concern when Dean spoke up.
Two hours and three tickets later – one for speeding, one for ripping up said speeding ticket, and one he assumed would be mailed to one "Mr. Dudley Hyman" as a warrant for his arrest for driving off while the cop was looking up the license he swiped from a demon's vessel he had killed – he had come back to the motel to find it empty with a note that read:
All that Castiel could feel were his hands on his and his body pressed against his so tightly that he could feel his growing arousal through both their clothes. That alone should have made him snap out his daze, but as it was, Castiel was so blinded by the effects Dean was having on him that it only made him want to lose himself even more in his embrace.
Dean leaned in closer than he needed to and began measuring the length on each side of the tie, taking time to deliberately slide his fingers down Cas' chest and smirking every time he heard the quick intake of breath.
He slowly slid the long tie from under his collar, the only sound being the fabric on fabric swishing. Cas' collar was unbuttoned at the top and Dean had a difficult time looking away, especially since Cas was still holding onto him. Without breaking eye contact, Dean reached for the novelty tie and moved upward so he could get the tie around Cas' neck.
Dean tightened his embrace around Cas's midsection and tried to persuade his body to relax and he knew what was about to happen.
Dean leaned against the bed frame and ran his fingers through his short hair. He'd never forget the moment Sam let him become a God damned vamp as long as he lived.
"Look it's just…well ok on earth we have this image of ya know…a big golden gate and fluffy clouds and naked angel babies flying around in heaven…"
"Whoa whoa what are you doing?" Dean stopped trying to find the words when he realized Cas had begun to unzip his jeans.
"Cas…I can't be without you. I need you to let me take care of you. You are more than a brother to me and damnit Cas I will not lose you – We have a bond Cas and I want to make you bonded to me in the only way I know how. Let me save you Cas like you saved me."
"I fucking know what Bobby is saying, Sam and I damn well know what you're saying! It is crystal fucking clear to me what Cas did and I can assure you I am NOT brushing it off or in denial! And as far as Cas' betrayal goes you of all people should know not to throw rocks in glass houses, ok? You aren't exactly a pillar of trust."
Dean's quick intake of air allowed Castiel to tentatively run the tip of his tongue along the seam of Dean's mouth, begging entrance. He slowly moved his hand up Dean's throat and brushed the underside of his jaw with his fingertips before he gently placed his fingers below their melding mouths – slowly pulling Dean's lower jaw down.
This time it was Dean who silenced Castiel. He moved his hand up Castiel's chest and rested it against his heart. Castiel looked at his hand and smiled, "Our hearts beat together. When your heart is excited I can feel it." Dean turned slightly pink because he knew his heart was rapidly beating. Castiel returned the smile, "And when your heart feels as if it's going to break no matter where you are or where I am I see your pain and I send you my love and reassurance that it will get better."
Neither one of them knew who had made the first move in actuality. All they both remembered was the feel of the others mouth on their own.
Castiel definitely heard him correctly, but no matter how much he willed his mind to work so he could turn off the light without moving he found the only thoughts running through has head involved what could happened once the lights were off. Finally, he was able to concentrate enough to flicker the lights off and only heard Dean's voice as he felt his hands run up his chest underneath the tie.
Castiel moved back a little so he could see Dean better and was immediately swept up by his tear stained green eyes. Without thinking he raised his other hand that wasn't atop Dean's fist and placed it on the opposite cheek and began to wipe away his tears with the pads of his thumbs.
"You know, Cas…you really need to learn how to do this, especially if you start dressing up as an agent with Sam and I…"
He advanced on Dean and grabbed him tightly by his shoulders, giving him a quick shake before putting him against the wall, responding in a deep tone, "I was not aware I needed the permission of a *human* who has no earthly concept of my world."
Dean felt his body tightening around Cas and the mixture of pain and pleasure was almost too much to bear – he had never seen Cas so vulnerable, so exposed before him as he was right now – completely at ease with himself and laying all of his happiness down before him to do what he pleased with it. He could feel Cas moving more sure within him and allowed him to move faster, feeling his own member tightening with every stroke. He could hear faint noises coming from where Cas was buried in his neck and realized he was speaking.
"Y-Y-Yes….w-why wouldn't I…" Dean couldn't contain himself. He busted out laughing – he hadn't expected the stars to be *that* bright and Cas' expression was priceless.
Castiel paused and gave him an exasperated look that was tinted with humor. "Dean why is it so easy for you to mount every woman within a 5 mile radius of you, but when it's someone you clearly have feelings for you resist?"
Castiel could never remember a time before meeting Dean that he ever felt a particular need to help a human or share in their pain or delight. He thought humans to be curious creatures and was ever fascinated by his Father's creation. It wasn't until he gripped Dean tight and raised him from Perdition that he ever allowed himself to feel anything. The moment he laid eyes on Dean he felt a profound bond form between the two of them and he knew that by his actions he had changed both their paths irrevocably.
"Is this war and making deals with backstabbing demons like Crowley really worth the results? Is it worth alienating everyone who cares about you, who lo…love you?"
What on earth was this item? It seemed very mundane to be considered a gift, but he had already hurt Dean enough and he wasn't about to reject a gesture of kindness however inappropriate the sentiment was currently in Dean's eyes.
"Dean what was Lucifer? Lucifer was my brother. He was an angel and look what happened to him. He fell, Dean. He lost his grace and he fell because he made a mistake. Angels and humans were all created by God so why is it impossible to think that they share the same character flaws? We have free will, Dean, we have desires and hopes but we aren't as lucky to act on them so willingly as you are."
