I based the layout of Diagon Alley from the movie rather than what it shows on Pottermore, since I've been to the studio tour twice and had a better idea of how it was set up.  I took a lot of inspiration for my adult Ron from the actor who plays him in Cursed Child, Paul Thornley, because he is perfect.  Also, welcome to the first cliffhanger, in which y'all get to wait for the Wand Chapter because of who I am as a human being.
Twitter: ShannCanWrite
“We have not, but even dead you made yourself well known.”  She took a moment to watch him as he moved back to sit on the floor, back resting against his seat.  “You said John does not live here any longer.  Would you happen to have his most recent address?”
“Two, three days ago, I suppose,” Sherlock muttered, running a single finger over Cecelia’s eyebrows.  The soft touch made her squirm in her sleep, letting out an inquiring coo that brought a delicate smile to Sherlock’s face.  John chose to ignore the fluttering feeling of happiness that nestled comfortably in his stomach whenever Sherlock looked at Cecelia in that way.
John threw his arms up in the air in exasperation, his patience finally wearing out.  “Then what the hell is it, Sherlock?  What am I supposed to do to fix this if you won’t even tell me what’s the matter?  If we’re going too fast and you don’t want to…you know…take things further yet, that’s completely fine, but I need to know!”
Sherlock’s forehead scrunched in doubt but he nodded.  Gesturing for James to take John’s usual seat, he moved to his own and leaned forward, his elbows on his knees.  “What did you wish to discuss?”
“That’s…not actually what I was concerned about.”  Sherlock’s voice was small and fragile, a frightened little boy inside an arrestingly impressive man.
John glanced down at his bare arms, which were still in fairly decent shape despite not being in the army anymore, and smirked as he flexed slightly. “Have to, if we’re gonna catch criminals and all that. I’m glad my assets are being put to good use.”
Running the pad of his thumb around the rim, John gave Sherlock a subtle warning of where he intended to move next. Welcoming the intrusion, Sherlock spread his legs further, his hands clutching onto the bedding below him. John carefully worked his first finger inside him and his head shot up at Sherlock’s gasp, worried he’d hurt him. Sherlock almost immediately began to push down against John’s finger, however, and John continued moving forward, wiggling inside until he reached the base of his finger. He rubbed at Sherlock’s walls, delighting in the continuous stream of moans and mutters coming from Sherlock. He pulled out just long enough to add a second finger and sought out his prostate. Finding it easily from practice, he smirked as Sherlock’s thighs tightened around him and his hips shot up in surprised arousal.
“That a sibling of yours?  I don’t mean to pry, it’s just…yeah, the tone was…familiar.  Sounded a lot like how my sister and I get on.”  The man’s eyebrows furrowed deeper and he fingered the edge of his mobile against his coat.  “Sorry, I really don’t mean to bother you…if you want me to bugger off, just say so.  I know most people don’t like random blokes chatting them up on the train – “
When John received the letter from Olivia’s teacher at the beginning of the year encouraging parents to come in and help out in the classroom, he never expected that he would have time to do so.  He purposefully set up his schedule at the clinic so that he would be finished every day when she was done at school as well as getting most Saturdays off, but he sacrificed any free days during the week in the process.  Particularly close to the holidays, and with the winter weather bringing in an abundance of colds and flus, he didn’t expect to ever have the opportunity to participate with her class.  Luckily for him, Sarah knew he wanted to be as engaged with Olivia’s life as possible, so when he mentioned that her class was working on special activities for Christmas, she practically shoved him out the door to get him to go.
Snatching up a tissue from the box in front of the mirror, Sherlock wrapped it around the handle and yanked it out of the wood. After folding it closed and covering it entirely with the tissue, Sherlock snatched up the letter and read it over. “Not particularly threatening, given the means of delivery,” he said before passing the note to John. He leaned down over the table to stare at the mark left by the knife and John buried his face into the paper to avoid staring at his arse.
Expressive brows tilted down in confusion, but he shifted his position to hold himself up on one hand to reach one of his out to John.  Their palms and fingertips brushed, John’s calluses catching against smooth skin, and John gasped.  The creature’s eyes shot up at the sound, the corner of his mouth curving into a concerned frown, but John smiled back.  Tentatively, the creature copied him until they were both grinning dopily at one another.
The next morning, John found himself alone once again.  His determination to discuss the issue with Sherlock grew as he set about readying himself for the day.  When he didn’t find Sherlock in the kitchen or sitting room, he made two mugs of tea and headed up to Cecelia’s room.
When Sherlock doesn't talk to Mycroft, Mycroft goes to him.  What he reveals may be enough to break the fragile relationship the two of them already have.
“What were you required to do to gain admittance?”
“Sorry. Just. This is a bit ridiculous, isn’t it?” Sherlock only smiled and pushed himself up on wobbly feet, passing the messy dildo back to John to secure in his holster. John watched him try and rub some of the excess lube off on his bare legs, but John could tell from the way they shook that he could feel the effects of the warming lube just as much as John. It almost felt like he could still feel Sherlock’s fingers on and in him, the warming lube wearing off slightly but staying just enough to remind John of what they had done. Hiding his wince as he felt the after effects of the slightly rougher than usual treatment, he followed Sherlock to standing and they made their way downstairs.
, naturally,” she said bitterly.  She was trying to conceal the hurt in her voice, but John had known her his entire life and was closer to her than anyone at one point; he could pick up on his sister’s emotions better than his own at times.  “It’s not like I was exactly helpful at the time.”
I pass out.”  Having barely gotten his long winded warning out, he fell completely limp into John’s arms.
Sherlock shrugged, his blush spreading across the rest of his face and down toward his neck.  “I wanted it to be a surprise.  I thought you might like it, given what today is.”
“Harry, please,” John begged, reaching out to grasp her elbow.  She nearly lost her balance from how quickly she moved away to avoid the touch.  “Can’t we meet up for once without bickering?  Particularly on today of all days.  Mum hated it.”
John gave him a brief nod of agreement before refocusing on Snape.  “Can the Dark Mark still be seen even if she’s a metamorphmagus, or can she do whatever it is she does and make it fade?”
“Just put it on and fasten it. It’s part of the aesthetic.” John reluctantly did as he was told, the rough looking material surprisingly soft against his skin. The vee of it reached halfway down his chest and almost to his stomach, while the wide lapels only barely covered his nipples. He situated the belt and gun holsters he’d chosen for the first day around his waist and glanced around for gun accessories. Sherlock only gave him one during his clothing search and he went to the box to grab another. Shooting up an arm, Sherlock stopped him before he reached it.
Sherlock sat at one of the tables by the window, a partially completed puzzle spread out in front of him.  He squinted down at it and, with careful fingers, picked up a centre piece.  He held it close to his face, twisting and turning it to study all of its edges.  His gaze shot quickly down to the table and back to the piece as he assessed it, eventually shifting it ever so slightly to the right.  Lowering it down with as much care and precision as was possible for an eight-year-old, he fit it into its appropriate place with ease.  When it slid into the open space without issue, a proud grin stretched across his face.
John interrupted Sherlock’s complaints by snatching the book out of Sherlock’s hands, settling it on his lap as he sat cross-legged on the floor.  The process of maneuvering around Cecelia caused him to grumble under his breath until Sherlock reached out to take her from his chest.  He settled her into the crook of his elbow and watched as John skimmed through the pages to return to the beginning.
And a truth that cannot accept
It was John’s turn to grin. “That’s what I was trying to tell you. I wanted to warn you that I didn’t bother with them since the trousers were so tight.”
“Do you now?  Well, I just so happen to have a free period at the moment, so I would be more than happy to assist.  Did you have any particular potion in mind?”
“Well,” John said as he took in the chaos. “I think our suspect is getting a bit impatient.”
Molly placed a hand over her slightly protruding belly.  “Thanks, John.  Luckily the morning sickness has passed; it really was awful a few weeks ago.”
“Give that a go.  Cyprus, dragon heartstring this time, ten and a half inches.  I think we might have better luck with this particular core.”
And romance.
“It’s an oyster, John, they aren’t particularly difficult to spot.”  John chuckled at his remarks and followed Sherlock’s demands, stealing glances at the merman between searching through the seaweed.  When Sherlock caught him watching, he blinked and cocked his head once more in question.  John shot him a wink and enjoyed the brief, peachy flush that turned his cheeks almost human before they returned to their searching and chatting.
Sherlock nodded and poured his cooling potion into the empty bottle at his side.  Once inside, he twirled it slowly to watch the thick liquid swirl densely and shoved it into John’s face.  “A completed Confusing Draught!  Third potion I’ve successfully concocted.”
“Just about six years, isn’t it?” Sherlock remarked with a grin.  John laughed and kissed him again.
“I do,” John nodded in agreement, but a frown quickly crossed his face.  “Well, did.  Tonks was one of my best friends at Hogwarts.  I think she would have frustrated and intrigued you all at the same time.”
“Need any help with that, mate?” the man asked, raising an amused brow as John tried to get Cecelia’s feet to stop thrashing at him long enough for him to buckle her in.  He sat partially leaning into the back, an arm draped over the passenger seat to observe John at work.  Finally getting her to stop for a moment by distracting her with a small crocheted bee plush Sherlock had given them before she was born, he got all the parts into their appropriate places and tightened them.  Giving her knee a quick pat, John nodded and moved around to the other side to sit in the seat beside her.
“They’re the headmasters and mistresses, aren’t they?” he muttered, but John knew he didn’t require an answer.  His progression in the conversation proved John correct in his assessment.  “Very little is mentioned in Hogwarts, a History about the head’s office, but it’s obvious who they are.  What better homage than to leave them in their final resting place?”  He stepped forward to stand face to face with a particular portrait, meeting the painted man’s face stoically.  Sparkling blue eyes watched him in return, amusement showing from behind the half-moon spectacles.  “Albus Dumbledore.”
“John Watson.  Now what exactly do you think these poisons are…?”  Sherlock started in on a long explanation and John grinned, watching him with avid interest as they raced for the hospital, all thoughts of his former tiredness gone.
“It’ll be fine,” John said when Sherlock still hadn’t relaxed in his seat.  He finally lowered his shoulders, releasing the tension in them, and let himself settle back.  “Is this all that’s bothering you?  I’m sure there’s an explanation behind why she hasn’t said anything before now…I wouldn’t worry yourself about it too much.”
“Newest suggestion from the therapist – service dog, to help with mobility and emotional support.  It took a bit of convincing, but I finally decided to give it a try.  Thor and I’ve been together for a few months now.  She’s a good little lassie and we’ve gotten on well, haven’t we, girl?”  At the sound of her name, Thor glanced up at James and let her tongue loll out of the side of her mouth.  James nodded and patted her, adjusting one of his legs so she could settle closer.  Cecelia squealed and reached out for her, but Thor simply shuffled up against James and stared back at her.  When James noticed, he nudged her with his foot in what was obviously a familiar silent form of communication and Thor immediately approached the pram.  Cecelia patted lightly at her nose and Thor licked her fingers, causing Cecelia to giggle.
John wrapped a hand around Sherlock’s neck, laughing low as he pulled him close to kiss him.  “Excitement, adventure, curiosity…it even throws a tantrum if you ignore it.  You managed to pair yourself with a wand that’s just as much of a drama queen as you are.”
“I’d much rather it be somewhere with a few other wizards on hand, honestly,” John said, shooting Sherlock a peculiar glance.  Sherlock’s face turned thoughtful as he continued.  “Just to be safe, particularly since Mary will most likely be looking for Cecy.”
Sherlock snorted a laugh and snuggled in close.  In minutes, the both of them were sound asleep, John drooling across Sherlock’s chest while Sherlock kept a secure hand cupped against his skull.
“Why did you choose Harry and Teddy as the two to remain in contact with all this time?”  John didn’t look up as Sherlock spoke, but he didn’t take his hand away either, so Sherlock continued.  “I could understand completely separating yourself from the world, particularly since you didn’t practice magic at all since returning to the Muggle world, but you decided not to.  Why that pair in particular?  Was there a specific reason?”
John smiled and cradled Sherlock’s face in his hands.  “Romantic sap.  But really, you would be okay at Hogwarts?  Away from London and Baker Street for so long?”
“I don’t have a fancy dress.”
“Good?” John asked, wiping at his chin where a bit of spittle had rolled down.  Sherlock’s head jerked up to look down at him, his eyes shooting open in disbelief.
She next turned to John, who was already halfway to his feet.  “Our nurse, Madam Pomfrey, has decided to take a year’s break in order to rest.  Taking over for her will be Master Watson.”  As John waved at the room, a louder and more enthusiastic cheer went up amongst the students as many of the extended Weasley and Potter family members recognized him.  He flushed somewhat in embarrassment and quickly returned to his seat.  “Master Watson was both a Hogwarts student, Healer, and a member of the Order of the Phoenix.  His partner Mr. Holmes and their daughter Cecelia will be joining us here as well.”  A low rustle of conversation followed her final statement, but was quickly quieted by others.  “I hope that you will all be sure to make them feel welcome during their time with us.  In the meantime, let the feast begin.”
“Sorry, just…yeah, sorry,” he said as he pushed himself heavily to his feet. Some of his usual enthusiasm returned as he looked them over and he cracked a small grin. “Damn, boys. Subtle but nicely done. Is that – “
“Here, pass her back,” Sherlock managed to say once they both had calmed down some.  John creaked to his feet to snatch up the cloth from the back of the chair and draped it over Sherlock’s shoulder.  He watched Sherlock pat Cecelia’s back, the motion familiar, and affection swelled in his chest for both of them.  He moved around to lean against the back of the chair and settled his arm across the top so he could play with Sherlock’s hair once more.
“Yes, of course. He needed to arrive at that precise moment to catch Ian in the act.”
Perhaps at last
“Excellent,” Sherlock said, jumping to his feet and striding across the room to throw on his coat. “It appears you arrived home just in time, John; come along.” Without waiting for a response, he raced down the stairs and out the door.
All of John’s old furniture had been removed and replaced with a crib, changing table, dresser, rocking chair, bookcase, and a closed chest that John suspected was already filled with toys.  The walls, which had always been a pleasing but unassuming grey, had been totally transformed.  Sherlock managed to paint them to depict a peaceful garden, flowers including more of the osiria roses dotting the grass that seemed to blow along the bottom edges of the trim.  A tree took up almost the entire wall directly across from the door, a pair of birds peering through the leaves and the edge of a beehive tucked into its side.  To accompany the hive, bees danced along the tops of a few of the flowers, leading back to their home at the tree.  The horizon appeared to continue further than could have been possible by rolling hills and even a stream that trickled on the left, leading out of the window and into the invisible distance.  When John finally stepped inside, he realized the colours had been made to gradually darken towards the top, shifting the scene into twilight.  The ceiling became the night sky, covered in a dazzling array of stars that matched the Great Hall’s enchanted ceiling on a clear evening.
John shook his head and gently pushed a tower of books towards him.  “Not yet, but I haven’t been at it long.  I had to make sure none of the books would start screeching at me when I tried to read them.”
A slick, black matte similar in shade to his helmet, the only parts of the bike that were a different colour were the shiny spikes making up the rim of the front wheel and the chocolate leather seat.  The curving tank that sat before the seat proclaimed TRIUMPH in bold letters that guided the eyes toward the handlebars, which lay further apart than John would have expected to be comfortable.  A pair of small, circular rearview mirrors jutted out parallel to the handles.  Though the wheels were thin, they balanced out the overall sleekness of the machine.  A large portion of the bike’s interior was open for interested eyes to study, each piece polished to perfection.  The finishing mark of interest to draw fascinated attention came at the rear of the seat where a pair of rounded bars, one low and another higher to support a passenger’s back, brought the hind of the bike into an elegant point.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock studied himself in the full length mirror situated on the inner door of their wardrobe.  The students were due to arrive soon, but he still wasn’t entirely certain about the robes he and John had picked out for the occasion.  While John agreed that he should wear his usual suits on a daily basis, he insisted they all have a few sets of robes for times when they would be more appropriate.  Apparently, the arrival of the students was one such event, leaving Sherlock to attempt to settle the robes to his liking.
“Head of Muggle Relations, actually,” Mycroft replied with the hint of a sneer.  “I am the go-between.  The British Government is not the only one to whom I owe a small part of my loyalty.”
He soon found himself standing before the front doors leading out towards the grounds themselves.  A trip into Hogsmeade might have been a possibility, had he not struck it down almost as soon as he had the thought.  On a practical level, he would need to return to the flat to retrieve his coat and a handful of coins.  At the back of his mind, whispering to him from a part of himself that he tried to ignore, he knew that the real reason why he didn’t want to go into Hogsmeade alone was the memory of what happened during his last trip there.  He attempted to remind himself that his worries were ridiculous, even if they were founded; it was during the day, not to mention the middle of a school week, and Doyle would be forced to remain in the castle until after classes ended.  Still, Sherlock couldn’t convince himself that the Three Broomsticks was an option, no matter how hard he attempted to delete the experience entirely.
“God, you feel…
Grinning sheepishly, Teddy couldn’t stop the blush that brought a soft dusting of pink across his cheeks.  “Er, yeah, I suppose you could say that.”  He stuttered into silence as Sherlock snatched up one of his hands from around Cecelia to study it.  Sherlock straightened and released his hand with a sharp nod.
John let out a grunt as he lowered himself to his knees, jacket brushing Sherlock’s shoulder on the way down.  The pair stared down at the bodies, John reapplying a pair of fresh gloves to turn one of the blank faces in their direction.  It would have been unnoticeable to anyone other than Sherlock that John was forced to take a steadying, deep breath before looking down into the face of the victim.  “Not quite deep enough to be third degree, but a few in spots might be close.  They’re precise, probably done while they were passed out since there are few signs of any struggle on any of them.  The burns aren’t the cause of death, though.”
“It was good for both of us, and then when I went to Afghanistan, we decided to stay in touch.  I used to get letters from Teddy with pictures he’d drawn on them, included with whatever Harry sent.  They didn’t know when I got injured, but after I moved in with you, it helped me realise that I had been given another chance and I should stay connected to them, even if I had decided I wouldn’t do magic anymore.  The three of us would call and chat or visit when they were in London, even just me meeting up with Harry for a pint after he got done at work, and it just helped all of us.”
Mycroft patted Sherlock's thighs, suddenly revealing the rare brotherhood. "You’ve grown up, should understand that the world is not rational as you thought? Sometimes the order would turn into a mess, sometimes the passion will cover the sense. No one is perfect, things are not black or white, grey is the norm. "
Just like you have been ruthlessly criticizing Scotland Yard and Anderson.
"What's the matter?" Victor asked.
Under Sherlock’s caressing, John could not resist to moan and groan loudly, and then he roared and pushed Sherlock, pressed against him on the bed, biting his lips thirstily, his eyes full of dangerous primitive longing, took off all their clothes at the fastest speed. Sherlock looked at this John, softened in bed, just let John fiddling with him as if he had returned to the inexperienced first time.
John frowned. "But have you ever done this before? You are just a student and I am a stranger."
Silence reigned in the little room, no one moved to tidy up the clothes, no one cared the mess they made, but rigid to maintain such a position, close to each other, but felt their partners were so far away.
"I'm sorry." Sherlock put down his hands and tried to sit up, but John's hug had not loosened a little, therefore Sherlock stayed in his place. "I heard you having a bad dream."
"You..." John froze. "You knew about the letter..." His voice was very bitter and gradually lowered. Then he struggled out of Sherlock's hug, retreated to the bedside and turned his back to Sherlock.
"A consulting detective - a unique job invented by me."
John held his hand and led him to the Christmas tree, putting a gift in his hand.
"I love you," Sherlock said it again in the earnest tone - he stared at John as if he was the centre of the universe, the origin of everything. Then Sherlock invaded John's mouth, nibbled and licked John's lips, and then his tongue pried open John's lips and slipped inside, to ram and toss, wrapping John's tongue to tease it to follow. Sherlock wanted to melt John Watson with the most fanatical emotions, he wanted John never being so cold and dead inside, so negative, he wanted him to be alive and being as warm and sunny as ever.
But he still followed Mrs Hudson into the apartment and have a look around - a large kitchen for him to do any experiment with, two armchairs in the living room with a warm fireplace, elegant and comfortable home layout, just like his dreaming apartment 221b, the only fly in the ointment was... the one who supposed to live with was gone.
John looked at Sherlock, "Who?"
Lestrade was too kind to him, treated him just like a big brother, Sherlock was skeptical about his real motive. When Lestrade went to work, Sherlock would investigate his things, searched any suspicious clues in his apartment. And he finally found out the truth.
"I don’t want our first Christmas - " John paused and swallowed, "perhaps the last one, would be ruined by this way."
“God, having an affair with a soldier, Sherlock? Are you kidding me?" Mycroft said with his favourite dramatic mocking tone.
Stuff slipped from Sherlock's hands and dropped on the ground. He widened his eyes, silently going upstairs to approach the source of the voice.
Now I and Mrs Hudson living normally, waiting for you to come home.
"I never knew a thing until I returned to my hometown in England," John continued. "It was last month. Their gravestones were overgrown with weeds because no one has ever come to visit them."
Because of the deep unease, Sherlock could not face himself calmly - anytime he was not busy with other things, his mind was not occupied by any interesting problems, he would have another crisis of emotional collapse.
Sherlock raised his head and stared at James. "Do you mean London's underground crime network?"
Sherlock suddenly felt a burst of fury, he held his breath, only to avoid a bruising encounter broke out immediately. After a deep breath, he reluctantly got on the car. As far as the door closed, Mycroft sneered.
A woman hidden an unknown past since five years ago had participated in criminal acts and changed her identity to live a new life in London in order to escape enemies. She might not be a British, claiming to be an orphan, and is an expert in her field. May have a secret tattoo.
John sucked Sherlock’s mouth, his chest, his clavicle, and his wet warm lips sliding all over Sherlock’s body, only let Sherlock held him tight while panting and moaning. Sherlock felt John inside him again, so much easier than the previous one, and he clutched the man who shagging him hard, could not do anything but sweating and groaning. Both of them were lost in the pleasure of lust, forgetting everything except sex.
"Really?" James rolled his eyes that he has been disgusted too. "You think it'll be fun to be with the idiots of the Scotland Yard or standing on the angel's side with your boring British government brother?"
“We’re even now then.” Sherlock simply nodded and they began the process of untangling themselves from each other. When Sherlock rose to his feet, John couldn’t help but burst into giggles, falling back on the pillow. Sherlock’s brows furrowed as he looked over himself and realised what was so amusing – a hand print, roughly the size of John’s palm, was dripping a slow line of come down one of Sherlock’s thighs. Looking back up at John, Sherlock raised a single questioning eyebrow down at John.
During John’s brief moment of panic, Sherlock had managed to change back into his normal clothes. He passed John’s over to him without looking up, pulling on a pair of gloves as soon as his hands were free and picking his way over to the dressing table. While John dressed, he picked at the disaster on the table, pulling out the bits of fallen glass for one forensic bag while the makeup was sorted into another. As soon as John was dressed, he pointed a thumb at the door as he backed up to it, already hating himself for his cowardliness.
“She’s right, you know,” he said quickly.  Sherlock stared down at the wheel and said nothing.  “We’ll get it all figured out.  Both this shit with Mycroft and your magic.”  When Sherlock did nothing more than nod, John released his hand and they headed out towards the motorway.
“They’re majestic,” Sherlock breathed.  His fingers twitched out as he reached towards them, offering his palm for inspection.  One of them gave a snort and a toss of his head before tentatively stepping towards his hand, hot air blowing from the flared nostrils.  He gave Sherlock’s fingers a nudge and, reassured that all was well, proceeded to snuggle into it.  An expression of amazed wonder spread across Sherlock’s face and John couldn’t look away, a wide grin etching across his own face.  He stepped into the thestral’s chest, his curls brushing against its ears enough to make them twitch.  They nuzzled into each other, the thestral basking in the unfamiliar warmth of the gesture.  Before long, the other two came to circle Sherlock until he nearly spun in his attempts to give attention to each at the same time.  John’s bark of laughter caused his head to bolt up, the thestrals copying the motion.  He came up to Sherlock’s side, running a hand along the ears of one thestral while Sherlock saw after the other two.
cut myself off from the wizarding world.”
I found on Google.  Obviously I changed the color slightly and substituted runes (which will be explained later) for the Celtic designs, but it was so pretty that I fell in love with it.  As for the wood, I used the
He froze as soon as the door was open enough for him to see inside.  The majority of the room was taken up by an enormous four poster bed.  Sherlock lay sprawled across it, his limbs spread out decadently on the elaborate coverlet.
Cecelia nodded and went back to playing.  John left her to amuse herself as he went in search of Sherlock.  Their bedroom door was closed when he approached it, so he gave it a soft knock in warning before pushing it open.
“Most likely,” John agreed.  “I suspect you’d lean more towards putting yourself in Ravenclaw, but I’ve always seen you as a bit of a Slytherin.  Ravenclaws tend to miss a bit of the exuberance and ambition that makes you
(See the end of the chapter for
“What do you mean?” Sherlock demanded, his irritation flaring in the unfamiliar sensation of not understanding.  “I followed you in, John, what do you think?”
John placed the two of them in the middle of the room, forcing everyone’s attention onto them. He waited for the doms of the group to approach him, making sure that even they realised that he would be the one in charge that evening. It quickly became clear that they had paired off similarly to him and Sherlock, roughly half of the group adopting similar positions to Sherlock behind the rest of the members. The submissives gravitated around Sherlock to engage him in conversation, while the dominants stood around John.
“As much as I’m enjoying this delightful little reunion, we have business to attend to,” Mycroft interrupted smoothly, glancing between Sherlock and John with raised eyebrows.  “Mr. Potter and I need to discuss the next plans in uncovering where our fugitive is.  And I’m certain John and Sherlock could do with some rest after their unexpectedly eventful day.”
With a huff, Sherlock replied, “Irrelevant.  Send your friend back off on his merry way; he’s of no use to us.  He can hardly see a foot before his eyes, you can tell from the state of his trousers.”  He spun about to begin studying the bodies once more, vaguely hearing John apologize to the barkeep.  By the time John’s attention had properly returned to Sherlock, Tom was back in his inn and Sherlock was spouting out a string of deductions.  “This first one lived in the neighbourhood, single bedroom flat, modest for his otherwise impressive occupation of business owner. The woman and the other man were an item, friends of the first, all together for a small celebration between the three of them over the couple’s recent engagement.  None of their personal items were removed from the bodies, unless our murderer has a doubtful inclination towards OCD tendencies and ensured the bodies were returned to their former state of dress before they were disposed of.  If you ask Lestrade, you’ll discover this isn’t the case, as his imbecile people pawed at the bodies in search of their wallets, which are in custody.  Though the term etched into their foreheads is one I’m not familiar with, it was certainly meant to insult, a warning to others of similar dispositions to beware.”
“What seems to be the problem?” he asked, following their eyes to the door.  When he spotted Sherlock and Cecelia, he hopped off of his platform with a sigh.  “Mr. Holmes, Cecelia.  How may we help you?”
They spent the remainder of the dinner with their hands linked under the table.  The discussion around the group rotated between families and jobs, as it inevitably always did.  Soon John was regaling them with stories of their cases, with Sherlock rolling his eyes at his embellishments and correcting them.  Once the main meal was complete, Molly grabbed a few of them to help clear the table and bring out dessert.  When John attempted to join them, Molly shooed him away.
“Yes, sorry,” Sherlock responded, his voice oddly shaky as he once again ran a hand through his hair.  He tried to smile back at John, but it didn’t reach his eyes.  “I must have been more absorbed in my reading than I thought.”
Sherlock’s musings were broken by Cecelia calling out to him.  “Papa, can we go visit Hagrid while we’re here too?”
“Just watched your old da spill his heart out and you haven’t even been burped,” John mumbled down at her.  Sherlock began to chuckle, causing John to join in, and soon the pair of them were falling over each other, taken over by giggles that amounted to nothing more than pure joy.  The tears turned into ones of mirth and they reveled in it.
John glanced at Sherlock and took in his scandalised expression.  With a laugh, he patted his hand.  “We haven’t discussed it, but I have a feeling Cecelia’s it for the two of us.  With our job, too many kids around could be dangerous on top of mad.”
“Did I just make you weak in the knees?” John asked, his giggles breaking through the question.  Sherlock huffed and rolled his eyes.
John rushed forward to inspect it closer.  Most of it was made of a lighter coloured wood, completely smooth and an almost honey brown shade.  The lighter section was thinner than most wands, almost lethal looking in how sharp its point became at the end.  The handle, meanwhile, was almost black, with a long oval base that moved into a more gradually sloping and curved edge.  Along the base where the two shades of wood met was a carving of runes, nothing John recognized off the top of his head.  The whole look of it was needlessly flashy but beautiful, perfectly fitted to Sherlock.
John shrugged, his cheeks turning faintly pink in embarrassment. “Sentiment. I didn’t want our first kiss to be fake. If I ever got the chance to kiss you, I wanted it to be because we both wanted to, not for some show and a case.”
Sherlock nodded and fell silent, staring across the room into the fire.  John absentmindedly stroked a thumb across the back of Sherlock’s hand, an unconscious movement to reassure the both of them.  Eventually Sherlock let out a breath, part sigh and part grunt, and shook his head.  “I still don’t understand.  After your shoulder injury and you were invalid back to London, you had no reason to cease using magic.  Given your relationship with your sister, the most logical step would have been to reenter the wizarding world, particularly if this Voldemort fellow was gone for good.”
children.”  A flash of anger crossed Sherlock’s face but soon vanished as he looked across the classroom at his students.  “It’s been…difficult, for some of them, if they don’t have much of a holiday at home, so I have been attempting to recreate some of it while they’re here to give them
Doyle.  Really.  A large part of it truly is that I simply have had no desire to leave the flat.  There are only so many potions I can make or books to read before the process grows dull.  It’s been easier for me to remain at the flat and work on my magic than to be a bother to you about it.  It seems my plan has been less than effective, however, if it has caused you to worry so much.  I suppose I just expected that…well, honestly, that you wouldn’t even notice a difference.”
"You’re the more experienced of the two of us, John,” Sherlock declared with an overly dramatic flap of his dressing gown as he settled into his chair with the stack of papers. “I’ll let you decide what you’re most confident doing and look over it after. I’m certain I’ll agree with anything you choose.”
“We could have Apparated right in there, but it’s easier if we both can do it, and since we’re already in London and you’re basically the equivalent of a first year…”  John grinned as Sherlock rolled his eyes at him.
“I doubt it.  Surely Harry or someone would have let some comment slip by now.  Are there other wizarding schools nearby that he might have attended instead?”
Sherlock lifted his hips to help John finish pulling off his trousers, slipping off his socks and shoes as he went.  Down at his feet, John ran his eyes up the length of Sherlock’s body, clad only in his pants.  His cock pushed at the fabric, the tiniest teasing glimpse of the very tip attempting to peek out at the top.  Sherlock’s legs fell open, his thighs tempting John’s gaze up to what lay above them.  John ran his hands up until they reached Sherlock’s knees, pulling them further apart to get at the sensitive skin of his inner thigh.  He brushed the fine layer of hair there, light enough to be almost invisible, against its natural settlement.  Without warning, John latched his teeth into the welcoming skin and bit at it, laving at the possessive mark with his tongue seconds after.  The muscles underneath tensed and loosened and John felt a hand on his head, pushing him on in encouragement.  John added a few smaller bites, barely more than scrapings of teeth that shone vivid on skin that was hardly ever exposed to such actions, before moving to give the other thigh matching marks.
Sherlock rolled over onto his stomach and groaned, burying himself into the pillows and blankets.  John gave his bum a sound smack as he climbed back out and adjusted his own trousers.  Shooting him a glare with a single eye sticking out from the pile, Sherlock let out a sigh before gathering everything around him and shuffling to the edge of the bed.  As soon as John opened their door, Cecelia stood on the outside, still dressed in her Peppa Pig nightdress and bouncing on her toes.  Sherlock’s eyes widened and he fell across the bed to pull the end curtains closed, shielding himself.  John rolled his eyes and led Cecelia away, giving Sherlock some privacy.
Doyle shrugged and pushed his hip off from the table.  “Not quite.  I’ve got a stack of papers back on my desk to grade, but I thought I deserved a bit of a fortifying drink to help make it through them.  I noticed Sherlock here sitting all on his own and thought I might give him a bit of company until you returned.  I’ll leave you two to your dinner.”  Lifting his glass in a toast, he made his own way over to the bar.
“I suppose I am,” Sherlock muttered.  He took a deep breath and let it out slowly, waiting for Mycroft to meet his eyes.  “Thank you, Mycroft.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“John, this is Oliver Shaw and Benjamin Drake, the additional security Niall hired after their first thefts. They’ll show you to where the cameras record. I need you to watch the recordings for the past few nights to see if you notice anything suspicious. I know Niall claims he saw nothing on them, but I’m more inclined to trust your judgment.”
With a nod, Sherlock rose to his feet and led them back to the road, where he instantly brought a cab forward to wait for their approach.  As they situated themselves and Sherlock told the cabbie their destination, John stared unseeing out the window, planning out what he would say to both Mrs. Hudson and Cecelia when they returned.
Once home, Sherlock rushed up to the flat, leaving John behind in the cab as usual. John had come to a decision during the short trip, however, and was determined to stop him before he could lock himself away in his room. He followed close on Sherlock’s heels, managing to grab his arm as he hurried into the sitting room. Sherlock made a brief attempt at escaping his coat, but soon realised it was futile. His shoulders slumped and he stared at the floor as John came around to stand in front of him.
In his worry over the night before, John managed to forget what they would be doing on their final night of the exhibit. While excited about the evening’s scene, he couldn’t help the disappointment that it would be the last time he would be intimate with Sherlock. Unless Sherlock indicated after tonight that he would like to continue their unconventional arrangement outside of the case, John would have to return to a life without touching Sherlock’s soft skin and hearing his sounds of pleasure. Despite this, John found he didn’t regret agreeing to it. Any chance he had to be close to Sherlock and give him pleasure was a gift, and he would accept whatever amount of it he was allowed.
John’s grin widened and he cocked his head, giving the man a single obvious onceover.  “What would you say if I told you I was?”
“Did he really manage to replicate the ceiling?” she asked with open curiosity.
Humming his agreement, Sherlock continued to stroke his pair silently, his hands running reverently over their skeletal forms.  They stood together comfortably and simply enjoyed the comfort of their mutual comradery.  John kept stealing sly looks at Sherlock, watching his amazement at the thestrals and savouring the ease.  A warm feeling of ready contentment settled into his chest, urging him forward and closer to the other.  Normally he forced the by now too familiar sensation down, but this instance felt happily different.
“John,” he finally breathed, wrapping a tight arm around John’s shoulders.  “I’m sorry.  I know and I knew.  I didn’t believe what I felt could be felt in return.  I thought I had gotten it wrong.”
“Good.  Take it easy for the rest of the afternoon and don’t be afraid to come back sooner if it gets painful.”  John stopped him with a hand on his shoulder just as he was about to leave.  “Also, I’d feel even better if you came back later and told me you’d gotten rid of the potion that caused it.”
John rolled his eyes at Sherlock as he strolled past them into the kitchen.  While Cecelia helped him finish the first strand of lights, Sherlock scrounged around behind them, the noises trailing out into the sitting room.  For a moment, John simply sat back to stare at the room around him and he could barely stop himself from holding back an emotional sniff.  He never expected to return to the wizarding world once he left, let alone come back with his ideal happy family.  He hid his face in Cecelia’s hair, who remained completely ignorant of John’s emotional breakdown.
“Yes, but only for a year.  Not even that, really, more like ten months, just for the length of a school year.  It’s at a school, you see…the one I went to when I was young, actually.”
Humming, John flipped to the next page in his book.  Rather than responding to his question, he asked, “How long have you been riding?”
“Sounds good,” John said with a nod as he followed Sherlock to his feet. “Don’t stay up too late – you won’t be of any use if you’re too exhausted to be on your feet.” Sherlock mumbled something as he placed his dishes in the sink, walking down the hall to his room before John could say anything more. Shaking his head fondly, John put his own on top, promising himself to clean them all in the morning. The events of the evening were catching up to him and he suddenly found the thought of his bed incredibly appealing. Once upstairs, he barely had a moment to look forward to tomorrow night before he was asleep.
Sherlock toyed with his wand, willfully ignoring Mycroft’s presence.  Narrowing his eyes on his skull on the mantle, he waved at it and declared, “Accio skull!”  It shuddered briefly, knocking against the wall behind it, before suddenly shooting off the mantle at Sherlock.  He let out a low grunt as it thumped into his stomach, causing him to drop his wand to the floor with a clatter.  Mycroft huffed out a sigh and rolled his eyes.
Sherlock hummed and pulled him closer as Cecelia moved away to find another strand of fairy lights to decorate.  John shifted the glowing lights onto the coffee table and pulled Sherlock into a proper embrace, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s waist.  They nuzzled into each other as they watched Cecelia dart around the room continuing her decorating.  Her focused determination as she completed one task after another reminded Sherlock of himself so viscerally that his grip unintentionally tightened where it sat on John’s thigh.  When John glanced up at him, he was blinking harshly and gave his head a single hard shake.
“Not just the wand, John,” Sherlock interrupted, his eyes brightening in excitement.  “I want to stop in to Flourish and Blotts to see what books they may have that you don’t and the apothecary wouldn’t be remiss either.  I’ve barely had the chance to try my hand at potions but your materials are practically ancient.”
“Wedding gifts, actually.  Sherlock’s brother gave them to us.  I was surprised at the sentimentality – it’s not usually the Holmes sort of thing, and Mycroft and I aren’t exactly close, but it was a lovely gesture anyway.  You like them?”
“Cecelia’s getting Weasley knits – we’re officially part of the family now,” John commented, leaning his head back to look up at Sherlock.
” and came rocketing into the living room, heading straight at Teddy.  Just as she’d climbed up, Teddy passed the still open doorway and their eyes had locked in sudden clarity.  Both of them reached for their wands at the same moment, Teddy diving instinctively for the couch as a makeshift shield.
“There’s something,” he mumbled, his face knitting in a frown.  “I saw it from a distance as it landed.  It was peculiar shaped…it isn’t far now, I was able to judge the distance from the trajectory.”  He froze, causing John to collide slightly with him.  He raised a hand to gesture into the clearing they had been approaching.  “There.  What is that?”
Sherlock rocked back and forth, pushing up into John’s front and back into his hand.  His hips shimmied briefly to grind his arse into John’s grip, attempting to persuade him down further.  John followed his encouragement and slipped his hand down to cup the curve of his bum in a strong hold.  He flexed his fingers in warning before digging them into the flesh, causing Sherlock to buck into John and whimper.  Moving his mouth back up to kiss him once more, John guided Sherlock back until he was leaning against a nearby wall.  Once his shoulders were supported along it, John’s second hand joined his first and he squeezed Sherlock again.  Sherlock’s reply was to hitch a leg up around John’s waist to bring them even closer together.
“Harry’s talked about me?” Sherlock asked, surprised.  Harry sent him a shrug and the corner of his mouth quirked up in a smile.
“It shouldn’t be too many people there, and you already know Neville and Minerva so it won’t be all strangers.  We don’t have to stay long if you’d rather not.”
Kidlock alternative first meeting.  Eight-year-old Sherlock gets teamed up with eight-year-old John for a holiday project.
“You do realize that Lily’s just seven, yeah?  And James is only just eleven a few months ago, Sherlock, he’s not even at Hogwarts yet and he’s the bloody oldest.  They don’t even really realize the bits I tell them are actually true; I’m not about to traumatize them by including every single gory detail.  They spend enough time just worrying about their father.  They don’t need to worry about me too.”
Luckily for John, the display of decorations was both obvious and close to the door.  He attempted to snatch up a basket at the entrance, but a scowling older woman with murder in her eyes took the last one before he even had the chance to try.  Barely managing to contain his angry outburst at her in reply to the under-her-breath mutterings he heard as she pushed past him, John took a deep breath and shoved his way further inside.  Entire sections of the Christmas selection were completely bare, price tags hanging sadly before the empty areas acting as the only clue towards what once was there.  He stood and stared at the meek offerings, trying to decide if it was even worth it to get anything here, when he narrowed in on the perfect choice.
Sherlock set them off towards Regent’s Park Station, their trip briefly taking them through a section of the park before they were back amongst tall office buildings.  Though there was hardly enough room, John forced himself closer by lifting his chin to rest it on Sherlock’s shoulder.  Through the leather of Sherlock’s jacket, John felt him shiver slightly and grinned wickedly.  When they were forced to stop at a light on Euston, John wiggled forward in the seat so that his front was completely plastered to Sherlock’s back.  Sherlock’s grip on the handles clenched tighter for a moment and he breathed in deeply.
“Or maybe she’s got an uncle who’s planning to get her something her mum couldn’t because she can’t hold down a job and would rather let Santa take the credit for it to make her happy?”  At his words, the librarian’s shoulders slumped and he shot Jane a glance.
“Letters get lost and misplaced…I can’t imagine that a few letters from a jealous boy that weren’t even sent through the usual route would really have an effect on such an enormous decision.”
“Yes, very well then, but be quick about it.”  Mycroft scowled but didn’t reply, guiding them to an empty elevator and jabbing at a button.  Sherlock watched the pair of paper aeroplanes as they danced overhead, an inquisitive expression on his face.  “I see where your delightful idea the morning after your reveal came from, John.  Clever, I admit, if a bit childish.  It’s to avoid droppings?”
“Yes, I’m sure,” Sherlock interrupted, pulling down his sleeves to distract himself. “Don’t worry, John, I’m sure you’ll find my technique more than adequate.”
“Yeah, which is both a help and a hindrance.”
Sherlock froze and stared at John, fixed into place.  He jolted out of his thoughts when one of them nudged its head with Sherlock’s, causing the man to shake himself slightly and return to stroking its back.  “Is that why they look like this?”
Grinning back, John fell back into silence for the rest of the ride. Niall sent them right up to their dressing room when they arrived, his face agitated and distracted. John didn’t let his sudden worry over his old friend distract him from the more pressing matter of the evening ahead, but tucked it away to ask Niall about later. When they entered the dressing room, it was to find a wide array of clothing and accessories beyond just the items from before that John brought along with them. John approached one of the racks of clothes and ran his hand along them thoughtfully.
John’s grin broadened.  “Hell yes, I would.  Have you got a spare helmet?”
“This is more than just an annoying suitor, though.”  John frowned, his mouth in a tight line.  “I understand what you mean, love, but we’re partners; any time you have a problem, you should know that you can come to me and I won’t judge you badly for it.  I just want you to be safe.”
“This doesn’t have an effect on Sherlock being able to continue to learn magic, correct?” Mycroft said in a louder voice.  “If he has the ability, he should still be allowed to practice it.”
Raidho - journey
genius.”  Sherlock fairly glowed at the comment.  “What about you?  At first I thought you just weren’t interested in anyone, but then with Irene and the signals you’ve sent me, I was never sure.”
Once both of them were dressed, Sherlock led Cecelia by the hand to the hospital wing.  Sherlock let out a breath of relief when they found it empty except for John speaking quietly to Harry.  They both turned to look at them as they approached their faces wary and worried.
Though he would have preferred having something more than the oil floating vaguely around him, John’s patience had officially run out.  He eased his finger in to the first knuckle and Sherlock panted, his chest heaving as he attempted to push John in further.  John relented and wiggled it in the rest of the way, searching out his prostate.  Once successful, Sherlock finally managed to dislodge some of the water across the floor as he arched and cried out.  Smirking in his success, John ran his nail lightly against the nub and gripped him firmly at his hip as Sherlock thrashed in his hold.
“How are you doing?” John asked, settling back into the cushion and reapplying the rice pack at its easy position between his shoulder blades.  He hummed his satisfaction as the heat began to seep back into his bones.
The hour after passed in a blur. John attempted to follow along with the story the guests created, but most of his attention was focused on Sherlock. He’d lost most of his previous confidence, interacting with everyone with a wide eyed expression of surprise as he attempted to casually speak with them while his dick hung out in the open. Just as John was on the verge of throwing the case out the window in favour of rushing to Sherlock’s side to shield him from the hungry expressions of the group surrounding him, Niall arrived and declared the end of the evening. As everyone made their way to the main dressing room, John rushed to Sherlock’s side.
“Jesus, that must have been awful for Mycroft,” John said under his breath.  Sherlock ignored him for the time being and narrowed his eyes at his wand.
“Right, so the potion didn’t work out, but do you want to give some wand work a try?” John asked, picking Cecelia up out of her highchair.  Sherlock, meanwhile, carried his cauldron over to the sink to get rid of the remains.
“I wrote him again, attempting to right the wrong I had done, but again received no reply.  I had attempted to protect you from those who might harm you, when I had done far worse than they ever could.  I instantly blamed myself when your letter never came and vowed that, although you would not learn magic, I would teach you myself all I knew.  By reinforcing that caring wasn’t an advantage, I hoped that you would not be hurt in the same ways that I was and would be better for that.  While you seemed to have taken to my advice, I promised myself that I would protect you from everything I could, including myself.  It wasn’t enough to truly make up for the mistake I had made, but it was the only way I could hope to illustrate my regret for what I had done.
“Astounding,” Sherlock muttered, turning the skull in a careful grip to study it.  “And no lingering side effects from the spell left over once it is complete.  More!”
“Jesus, it was a figure of speech.  It’s only ten, relax, I’ve just come back from helping Harry take care of things.”
“Sherlock.”
“We’ll have to go over the recordings and question the employees ourselves,” Sherlock muttered half to himself. Niall’s head shot up and he broke out into a relieved smile.
The man who approached them was only a bit shorter than Sherlock, slight in build with the beginnings of a gut hidden under a jumper reminiscent of what John would wear.  He approached them with a broad grin on his face, his bright red hair brilliant in the dimly lit room.
Now, after nearly ten hours as one of two doctors on call, John finally returned home to hopefully spend a little bit of time with his two loves on Valentine’s Day.  He could hear Sherlock and Rosie talking in the kitchen and headed directly through that door, taking his bag and jacket with him.
By that point, they had reached the open doors to the hall where Cecelia had disappeared into and they could hear her amazed comments as she looked around at the room as a whole rather than simply the ceiling.  John stopped Sherlock before they entered too in order to pull him down into a soft kiss.
“Ah, of course.  I should have known.”  He kissed her head and grabbed one of Sherlock’s hands to squeeze it.  “And how is Papa Smaug feeling?”
“At Speedy’s, yes,” James replied.  “Should I get him?”
Sherlock nearly told John some of the suggestive things Doyle had said, but as he considered John’s words, he decided against it.  In the end, John was right; Doyle was not Moriarty, regardless of how much he reminded Sherlock of him, and his words were simply empty threats by a man who thought himself more important than he was.  Sherlock had John, who treated and loved him as a good and decent person would, and for that he could ignore the hollow words of an unsettling coworker.
"I could never say sorry enough, John, never do or say enough to deserve forgiveness. I've killed without regret, killed those who had absolutely no way to defend themselves and only did it because they weren't born the same way I was. I wish I had some sort of excuse, but nothing ever comes to mind." She took a deep breath and clenched her eyes shut before turning them on Sherlock. "You watch over him, Sherlock Holmes. You hold in your possession one of the greatest, strongest hearts I've ever met. I'd say you don't deserve it, but honestly? You may be the only one who does." Without their noticing immediately, she began to gradually step backward, getting closer to the edge. "Give Cecy my love. Help her to understand that regardless of what happened, I loved her with all of my being."
“Oye, not all Blacks are bad news.  I was mates with Sirius after I joined the Order.  I’ll admit he was a bit rash, particularly when it came to Harry, but he went through hell and came out of it with most of his senses still intact.  I still can’t believe he managed as long as he did around those Dementors without more side effects.”
“Right then, up we go,” John said, putting an arm around Sherlock’s shoulders to help him to his feet.  He wobbled a bit but stood, body easily malleable to John’s will when he moved him to lean against a tree.  Once he was certain that Sherlock could keep control over himself for the time being, he went to inspect the men on the ground.  “What am I going to do with you, then?” he asked himself, staring down at the stunned pair of wizards.  He glanced at Sherlock resting on his right, mouth gaping open and skin so pale that it nearly gave off its own light in the reflection of the moon.  Sherlock shakily raised a hand and ran it through his curls.
“What kind of exhibition are you holding that requires attendees to sign a form?” Sherlock asked. “I am under the impression that most art galleries simply ask those observing to refrain from touching the art and causing it harm.”
, to trade my powers for having Mum and Dad back.  If you haven’t realized that in the past eighteen years, Harriet, you’re even greater a disappointment of a big sister than I ever could have expected.”
the answer, and I couldn’t keep lying to you and force you to keep having sex with me – “
Unable to stop himself, Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s waist and buried his face into his chest before they could get farther than the doorway.  John jumped a bit in surprise but quickly brought him in against his body.  They simply stood there in each other’s arms for several minutes, completely silent except for their quiet breathing.  Eventually Sherlock pulled away enough to stare down at the floor and John brushed a few stray curls off of his forehead.
Sherlock frowned, staring down at their joined hands, and nodded.  “Very well.  Then it would simply be a matter of deciding to leave Mrs. Hudson, Baker Street, and the work.”
The pair made their way up the stairs, the visitor’s heels clacking along with the creaks of wood as they climbed.  The sounds of Sherlock’s violin grew louder as they approached, drifting in a downward spiral from door Mrs. Hudson had left open when she left minutes before.  Though their approach could obviously be heard from his spot standing before one of the windows, he ignored them, back facing away from the rest of the room as he continued to play.
John led them down a side street to their left, pointing at a moderate sized house a few doors down.  “I think that’s them – check the number, we’re looking for 183.”  They confirmed their search with the neatly printed mailbox, three shining gold numbers spelling out the correct location from two houses away.  It took them a bit to hobble down the pavement, but Sherlock was surprisingly patient with John as he set himself a rhythm of movement and kept himself to it.  Sherlock pushed the blue gate at the front of the house open for John at the same moment a fiery haired woman burst from the home to run out and meet them.
“Again, stronger.  Say it like you mean it.”
John nodded and attempted to stand with difficulty.  “Yeah, right before they were killed.  It’s odd that you can see –”  He staggered and almost fell, but Sherlock snatched at his arm just in time.  “Thanks.  I might need some help getting to the house; it’s not far away, but my leg is damn stiff.”
With a nod, John left Sherlock behind as he followed the men downstairs and sat at one of the office computers, his notebook at the ready. Hours passed with John staring at the too bright screen, but he didn’t have any more luck than Niall had. After running through the past week’s videos at increased speed with limited success, he leaned back in his chair with a groan and went in search of Sherlock. He found him out in the reception area with Niall and Ian, a frown marring his face.
Finally satisfied, Sherlock walked at a sedate pace back down the corridor, considering his next plan of action.  He still wondered where John and Cecelia had gone off to and thought about trying to find them, but soon tossed the thought aside.  He had been meandering the castle to discover its secrets since the moment they arrived but still only had just barely begun.  If he attempted to find them without any clues as to where they were headed, they could be circling one another for hours without even knowing.  He would be better off returning to the hospital wing or their flat to wait for them to return, but now that he had ventured out, he wasn’t certain if he wanted to go back to the boredom of being stuck there alone.
Sherlock hummed and said, “There’s broccoli and a fresh bag of cheddar in the fridge – omelets?”
“So Uncle John,” she started, acting as though nothing had happened in the few minutes he was gone.  “Do you think you’ll get what you want for Christmas?”
John shrugged to himself and returned to his reading, but he shifted himself around so that his shoulders were against the window instead, allowing him to subtly examine the other man under the disguise of stretching out his legs.  The man’s scowl at the headrest in front of him remained even as his mobile continued to randomly buzz.  Eventually he growled under his breath and flipped the edge of his coat up dramatically, digging around near his arse for what John assumed was his trouser pocket.  John hunched down to better peer through the slit between his seats and study what the man would do next.
HEY we're back for real this time. Sorry about the confusion with this chapter, I posted the wrong one initially and accidentally gave away one of the spoilers I've been working towards since the start 😅 BUT this is the actual chapter ten. The good news is, chapter eleven will be up by this weekend! Here's a quick recap of what's happened since it's been a while since the last update:
John rolled his eyes and cleaned them with a quick spell.  He tossed the wand back to the floor with a clatter and grabbed the duvet that had been pushed down to the end of the bed.  He brought it with him as he lowered himself back over Sherlock and tucked them both in.  “Well, good, because I’m not done with yours either.  Plenty of time and opportunity to test out your wand skills.”
The boy turned large blue eyes on Sherlock when he sat in his seat, an enormous smile on his face.  He leaned into Sherlock’s space and held out his hand expectantly.  Sherlock looked down at the offering and back up at the boy’s face, raising an eyebrow before reluctantly shaking hands.  The boy’s enthusiasm meant that he practically shook Sherlock’s entire body with the movement.
John shifted himself further down on the sofa until they were both sprawled out flat.  Automatically, his hand drifted downward to the curve of Sherlock’s arse, settling it in a loose grip with his fingers tucked into the space where behind met thigh.  The position was a usual one when they were resting together, the feel of Sherlock fully in his arms a comfort to John.  “She did okay, but I could tell she was bored sometimes.  I wonder if we could work something out for her to sit in on some classes occasionally?  I know she’s only six, but she’s brilliant and she needs something more than just us teaching her and playing on her own.”
“Do you like it?” he asked quietly, resting his chin on John’s shoulder.  John let out an incredulous laugh and shifted around so that he could look at Sherlock properly.
!”  Greg punched the air and began an awkward, shuffling sort of dance across the carpet, humming to himself as he went.  John rolled his eyes and flopped back down into bed, scattering some of his papers onto the floor.
She hunched her shoulders up to her ears and brought her free finger up to her mouth in a shh-ing motion.  “Right,” she whispered, though even that voice was almost as loud as her normal one.  “Extra quiet.  Sorry.”
a drug lord.”  John barked out a laugh and turned to grin at him when he was distracted by the machine resting between Sherlock’s thighs.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Rennervate.”
There's a link in this chapter, which leads to the inspiration for John and Sherlock's corsets. This one's a shorter chapter BUT the last one should make up for it. I hope you enjoy!
Sherlock’s cheeks turned rosy and he kissed his mother’s cheek in an attempt to hide it.  “Thank you again for your help, Mummy.”
She simply grinned up at him and squirmed until he set her down.  As soon as she was on the ground, she raced into the kitchen, calling behind her for them to follow.  Sherlock looked between Greg and John, concern causing his eyebrows to furrow.  John stood from the bed, pulling Greg with him, and walked over to stand in front of Sherlock.
John frowned and turned the volume back down.  He couldn’t help but feel he’d heard something of significance just now, but he didn’t entirely understand what.  Deciding to bring it up in the morning, John turned out the light and hoped Sherlock would join him soon.
In a firm, heady grasp
At first all Sherlock could do was stare across at John.  Eventually his free hand snaked out to curl around John’s cheek, forcing him to look up.  Sherlock’s eyes glittered with pride as he smiled at John, one of the genuine ones he saved only for him.  “Brilliant,” he whispered, an echo of the thousands of times John had said the same to him.  “You are brilliant.”
“Surely there’s a way to bring them together and make sure they both still work.”  His eyebrows contorted in thought and he sighed.  “If I knew more about magic…”
“Look at her eyes!”  Doyle’s voice raised in pitch as he roughly picked Cecelia up, holding her up under her arms and shaking her bodily at them.  John stiffened and lifted his other hand up in a placating manner.  “Look into her eyes and tell me you don’t see it, see
“But whyyyyy?” she whined, her lips lowering into a pout.
“Hopefully it’ll be worth it in the end,” John sighed, keeping an eye on the door.  “Who’s this, then?”
Sherlock wrapped his dressing gown tighter around himself and curled into a ball on his bed, his back to the door. As he watched the afternoon sun lower behind the neighbouring buildings, he attempted to lose himself in his mind. No matter where he tried to force his thoughts to go, they kept returning to John, wondering where he was and how he was feeling. He heard his phone buzzing several times from where it was on his nightstand, but ignored it, certain it was Mycroft somehow knowing what had happened. Eventually the natural light faded and plunged him into darkness, only the faint artificial glow of street lamps lighting the small space. Despite his rushing thoughts, Sherlock felt himself growing tired, and soon he fell asleep, alone in the room for the first night since he moved in.
John looked down to where they sat and noticed their once again entwined hands for the first time.  “How about that.  Not bad for a pair of fourteen year olds.”
We’ve met once before,
Sherlock nodded.  “Precisely.  Go back to your table now, please, and thank you for answering the door.”
“All right, who’s in there?” the second man called with a sneer.  “If you show yourself, maybe we’ll do you the courtesy of killing you before we mark you up.”
“Hold off, Tom.”  John waved a hand absentmindedly at his companion, walking up to Sherlock with uncertainty in his eyes.  “Er…Sherlock?  How, erm, how exactly did you, well…
“Mr. Holmes,” he remarked when he reached the counter.  Sherlock spared a quick glance at John before nodding his acknowledgement.  The man cocked his head to the side in thought before opening the box to inspect its contents.  “Minerva told me to expect you.  And that you may be a…special case.”
“Wait, you were angry you got a scooter?”  The man’s cheeks started to turn pink and John grinned.  “I asked for the Chronicles of Narnia series one year and got rugby equipment, so I suppose I shouldn’t talk.”  John shot his hand out to him, waiting for him to take it before continuing.  “I’m John.”
Sherlock darted up the stairs and John’s bedroom door slammed against the wall from the force used to pull it open.  His footsteps stomped above John’s head as he searched the room for his things.  Soon enough he was back in the sitting room, helmet and key in hand, as he headed for his own room.  John debated with himself while Sherlock got ready, attempting to decide whether he should try to bring the bike up a final time before Sherlock left.  His feet made the choice for him as he stood and came to stand and wait at the entrance to the hall.
Sherlock felt significantly better the next morning.  Although John had already headed off to the hospital wing, he had let Cecelia continue to sleep in with Sherlock so he didn’t wake up alone.  Almost the same moment Sherlock woke, Cecelia began to mumble and stretch, nearly smacking Sherlock with an arm and leg.  He chuckled and dodged the wayward limbs, watching as she bolted out of the bed and rushed for her room.
“What happened?” she asked sharply.  As John explained as much as he knew, her face grew both sympathetic and horrified in turn.  Once he was finished, she glared down at Doyle with newfound disgust and dismay.
He was shaken from his thoughts by John saying his name.  John’s face slowly came into focus, the familiar half smile that crawled out at the left corner of his mouth making Sherlock rush back to the present even more quickly.  He shook away the irritating rush of warmth that smile always caused to focus on John’s words.  “Ah, there he is.  Enjoy that little trip into your bloody mind palace, did you?  What’re you thinking?”
Sherlock traded his juice for an apple and knife and returned to Cecelia’s side, pulling his seat in close so she could watch.  “I’ve seen a few recipes online that parents have used where they incorporate the fruits and vegetables in baked items such as waffles.  Perhaps we can find something like that and give it a try.  If we have her try as many diverse foods as possible at a young age, it will lower her chances of becoming a picky eater later on.”
“Da!” she shrieked as John walked inside.  Sherlock let go of her hand so she could run over to him.  “Can we go up to Hogwarts now?  Pleaseeeeee?”
“Yeah, I feel the same way every time Harry leaves for Auror business,” she said conversationally, gently rocking Cecelia back and forth in her arms.  “Care for some tea?”
“Regardless, I’m glad it’s at its end,” Mrs. Hudson replied with a nod, pouring out a cup of tea.  “Have you tried giving John a ring?  It’s been ages since he brought the baby round.”
Once Sherlock finally focused on John’s face, his expression melted into fond warmth.  “Our first kiss?”  John nodded in reply.  “While I appreciate the sentiment, we’ve technically already passed the correct location.”
“Shirt?” he asked. Sherlock shook his head and waved a hand at him while trying to shuffle into a pair of tight trousers.
John rolled his eyes and walked in to climb on the bed, attempting to insinuate himself between them.  Cecelia laughed and pulled him up by his collar until they were all sprawled together.
Harry gestured to the man lying in front of John.  “That would be this bloke.  He was a known Death Eater we’d been after for quite some time after the Battle at Hogwarts.  The other one, Lewis Jones, was as well, though he tended to stay more towards the neutral zone among the Death Eaters.”
“Quick, we gotta find your mum and dad and ask if it’s okay!  This is gonna be the best Halloween ever!”  Grinning, Sherlock squeezed John’s hand, the pair of them racing off into the crowd to begin their search.
Cecelia turned back to him, hands on her hips as she looked up at him through her bangs.  “Da.  You can’t be serious.  Haven’t you waited long enough?  It’ll be
“On what?”  Sherlock took the tray off Cecelia’s tray and picked her up, narrowly ducking when she swung the spoon at him.
“No!”  Sherlock jostled the nearly empty bottle as he bolted forward to reassure John.  He settled down again and helped Cecelia take the nipple once more, but his expression remained alarmed.  “No, it’s not that.  I definitely want all of that.”
“These are new,” she stated, her tone on the verge of conversational.  “Business with the consulting lunatic really going that well?”
Nodding, Sherlock added bread to the toaster.  “Of course.  But it was your first night back as well.  You deserved to sleep.  I could take care of her for the night; it was my pleasure.”
Shoving the bag away from him, he reached for his mobile and pulled up Sherlock’s name.  Before he could think better of it, he typed out,
I was going to choose the beach down in Wales I've actually visited, which is in Penarth, but it has stones instead of sand so this one not too far away had to do instead.  I have no reason for wanting sand beyond the fact that I grew up near a lake with a sandy beach and therefore my mind demands that beaches have sand.  Also anyone who draws merman!Sherlock like this would be my hero.
“So,” John began, decided that straightforward would be best.  “How long are you going to avoid sleeping in the same bed as me?  Just until I bring it up, or are you waiting until you’re dead on your feet from not properly sleeping while helping take care of a baby?”
“I did too.” When Sherlock remained silent, John lifted his hand and placed a light kiss to the back of it. Sherlock let out a shaking breath and when John lifted his eyes to look at him, he was much closer than before. Feeling bold, John leaned the rest of the way in until their lips touched. Sherlock’s mouth fell open on a gasp and John delved in deeper, bringing his free hand up to wrap around the back of Sherlock’s neck. Eventually John pulled back far enough to look at Sherlock, whose eyes were closed and cheeks a delightful rosy tinge. His eyes fluttered open and he stared down at John’s mouth. When John licked his lips, Sherlock whined softly and John let out a breathless laugh.
“Happy anniversary?”
“He’s new,” Michael stage whispered conspiratorially to John, leaning into John’s space. Rather than backing down at the clear test of masculinity, John straightened his shoulders and stood his ground. “Only been dating for a few weeks. I told him he didn’t have to come tonight, but he whinged and moaned until I just had to drag him along. You know how it is.”
John hummed his agreement and scanned over the report, lowering it between limp hands once finished.  “They believe one of them is a metamorphmagus?”
McGonagall hummed her agreement.  “A true member of your house, as you’ve always been.”  She rose to her feet, wrinkled hand smoothing over her robes.  “I’d best return.  Should I contact Mr. Potter or shall you?”
Mycroft continued as though Sherlock hadn’t spoken.  “I was thirteen and ought to have been over such petty feelings as jealousy.  I had been an older brother for over half of my life and shouldn’t be so affected by being overlooked.  I admit, however, that the fact that Sherlock had been given this gift while I had apparently been overlooked caused me more distress than I could have expected.
“Sleep well,
“Not our housekeeper my arse,” John said, grinning.  “She’s the best adoptive gran Cecelia’ll ever have.”  He sat on the arm of Sherlock’s chair and took a sip of his tea.  “So what’s this surprise she was so excited about?”
Other than the barista behind the counter, a handful of people sat in the shop, three of them already at a pair of tables with their drinks and one still in line ordering.  John shuffled up behind the woman and scanned the board overhead.  One of the advantages of being home during the holiday season came in the form of the seasonal drinks and John figured he might as well take advantage.  His eyes skipped over some of the sweeter options, narrowing in on the last one on the list that rested almost forgotten under the others.  Some of the Americans passing through their base had moaned over missing eggnog back home and John found himself curious.  It never seemed to be incredibly popular in the UK, but after he’d been told more about it from the men, John figured he’d give it a shot.  At this point, someone could pour coffee grounds down his throat and he would be grateful.
“Oh John, how wonderful!  I’m sure it will be such a good opportunity for you all.”
you mean
“I’ve settled it with Minerva so you three can sit by me,” he said as he led them down the table.  “Figured you might prefer being around someone you know a bit better.  Fair warning, though, Horace is right next to you all as well and he’s likely to talk your ear off the entire evening.”
“There’s no such thing as coincidences.”  John released a shivering breath before composing himself with a strong sniff of his nose and a straightening of his spine.  He grasped Teddy firmly by his shoulders.  “Ted, listen to me.  We need to get Sherlock and Cecy out of here as soon as possible.  Do not let Mary see you, understand?  Ring Harry as quick as you can, tell him to get a force of Aurors here right away.”  He steeled himself with a firm squeeze of Teddy’s shoulders and made to enter the kitchen.  Teddy briefly halted him with a somewhat choked noise.
“Mary’s a metamorphmagus; Teddy spotted her instantly.  We need to get the both of you out of here, Mrs. Hudson too if we can.”  John reached into his sleeve to pull out his wand.  “I don’t know how much you’ve read on it, but I’m making you a Portkey.  I’ll set it for five minutes from now to take you to Harry’s.  That’s going to be our best option for the moment.”
we can do,” John replied as he followed and set to work at Sherlock’s side.
, hmm?”
“Any particular reason for all of that?” he asked, quirking a brow.  John chuckled and groaned as he rose to his feet, stretching out his back before stepping close between Sherlock’s legs.
He found Sherlock by the fireplace, sitting on the arm of one of the various armchairs that circled it.  His own bag sat at his feet and he toyed with his fingers nervously, the foot that hung over the chair’s edge jittering in restless energy.  John assumed he was anxious to get on with the case and rushed over to his side.
At first, John had been struggling to get rid of Sherlock's hug and even hit him with his elbow. But eventually, he calmed down in Sherlock's arms, his peaceful breathing indicated he was back to his normal sleep, his tense limbs relaxed and naturally intertwined with Sherlock, comfortable and reassuring.
Sherlock took John's hand and leaned forward. John took the opportunity to pull  Sherlock down and kissing him desperately like a drowning man finally found the oxygen cylinder, to taste his own taste in his mouth. Sherlock was happy that John finally responded to him, kissing him back, his John. Sherlock's hand caressed John's body naturally and began to unbuckle John's buttons, wanting to touch more John's skin. But John caught Sherlock's hands, rolled over and pressed down Sherlock under him, eagerly deepening the kiss. Sherlock responded hornily, indulging in the sense of being pressed by John, lost in the French kiss that John led.
Sherlock stared at him - that desperate look suddenly made him thought of John.
"Your friend?" Sherlock suddenly caught a glimpse of the ring on John's hand, paired with his, but could not see a wedding band - and suddenly he had a glimmer of hope, his heart beating violently.
"How could he be? He has no friends!" Victor replied quietly, then suddenly turned and asked, "Sherlock, would you mind?"
Bid farewell to John? Sherlock knew it was inevitable, but never thought about it seriously, nor thought it would be so soon and sudden.
"Oh, I see..." a hurt expression flashing quickly in his eyes, the man then lowered his head and clenched his fists, smiled politely. "I'll find another apartment then." He walked across Sherlock, walked straight towards the door with a limp.
"You mean girls?" Sherlock glanced at him.
The car had been driven forward, the scene of the road constantly swirling. No one spoke for a long time.
Sherlock also clasped John and buried his face in his neck, let himself intoxicated in the dance with him.
Sherlock yearned for free air, the boarding school was not his cup of tea. Nevertheless, it was still better than staying in the same room with Mycroft and eating at the same table with him. So when the hot and swaggering summer holidays ended, embarking on a trip back to school, Sherlock had a sigh of relief that he could finally bid farewell to Mycroft. At the moment, he was wearing a tailor-made white shirt, dark gray trousers, black shoes, on the ferry to the schoolhouse, leaning on the railing, one foot on the iron branch, overlooking the distance, did not know a pair of blue eyes from behind was staring at him.
"Why did you trust me?" After everything was done, Sherlock was staring at Lestrade on his way home.
Baker Street still the same as you are living here. Of course, you maybe wake up anytime. If you come back and find something wrong or missing here, you would be furious and I'm afraid I or Mrs Hudson would be blamed, and our poor wall most likely would suffer again.
"Let's find a flatmate! Who can help you share the rent, and also can keep an eye at home to make sure it's safe, to prevent you be driven out again!" Sherlock's colleague Mike Stamford said when he came to the lab to take the report.
And Janine said she is a fan of Sherlock Holmes.
It was there, he met James of the Department of Mathematics - one day, when he reluctantly returned to the backup engine room, he found that person was sitting on the table, reading the Annals of Crime Archives he left on the previous day.
They separated by the fence, not saying a word but just gazing each other, as if playing a game.
But Mary’s husband is supposed to be John?
"I think he is a prostitute." John lowered his voice.
"Mary? Mary!" He settled unconscious Mary in bed, and then took his first aid kit out and used the equipment to examine her, with a frowned expression.
The ferry berthed, Sherlock left with John. John kindly bought some street snacks for Sherlock - Sherlock had never eaten these things - but he took the snacks, casually bit a few mouthfuls.
"Because you helped me out, boy!" Lestrade rolled his eyes, said helplessly, "I don’t want to admit, but sometimes you might smarter than the sum total intelligence of the entire Scotland Yard, although you’re still a kid!"
Sherlock widened his eyes - it was a letter to home from John, specially wrote for his fiancee Mary. John told Mary that he had a lover in the letter and wanted to cancel the engagement with her.
John's hand hurriedly retreated from Sherlock's thigh, leaving only the crumpled mark on his school trousers. Sherlock lightened, trying to calm his own breath of urgency, panicking not know where to put his hands. John behaved like a veteran, calm looking, hands gracefully folded up on the cocked legs, as if nothing had happened.
"Just think about it, he’s an insane perfectionist control freak."
It sounds familiar too... that's Soo Lin Yao!
"I saw you at a glance and can tell your life out. Don’t you think I am a horrible freak?"
"It's responsibility," John said while eating. "As a student, you should go to school; as an adult, you should get married and have children. This is a way to achieve our social responsibility. "
I came to hell, for you.
"Don’t you want to get into university?" Lestrade asked, "It’s not the same as the secondary school, where you can challenge the existing knowledge, and even can develop your own set to replace it, just so long as you are justified, it’s not the game of obedience anymore. And there have so many interesting subjects: chemistry, physics, criminology, psychology..."
It’s empty.
John took the ointment from bedside, pasted on his hand and massaged into Sherlock's private opening. "Relax," he whispered in Sherlock's ear, kissed his ear, his finger gently pushing into Sherlock's body, "let me in..."
"A total stranger." John found the ring on Sherlock's hand too and looked at him with a non-understood expression. "I just met an old schoolmate from the medical school, he said he could introduce a guy to me to be my flatmate."
John wiped Mary with a towel and covered her with quilts, then stood up and pulled Sherlock aside, carefully eyed at Mary and then whispered to Sherlock, "she’s... pregnant."
"Can you choose to marry me?" Sherlock laughed. "It’s not even an option! What are you confusing at all?"
"There was a rumor that Rio could do with anyone for money. Everyone secretly talked about it just like it was real." Victor said. "But no one could tell Rio had traded with whom, and everyone seemed to be avoiding to discuss it. I thought Rio was just crazy, might be everyone had misunderstood him, who knows... " His voice became smaller and smaller, and then stopped suddenly.
It’s like, I am not a Victorian at all.
"Ah, I forgot!" Sherlock made up a lie. "I have an appointment with my brother."
"Mrs Hudson, I'm going to rent it." Sherlock did not hesitate a bit.
A wonderful natural symphony had been composed by sweat, flesh and moans, became the main theme of their time by then. Beyond the imagination of intimacy, they were just a perfect match that had a tacit understanding, it had been growing by the time they shared in the little apartment, and also by the exciting adventures they experienced outside.
Sherlock glanced at the boring John who seated beside him, John just looked away embarrassingly, feared to make an eye contact with Sherlock would encourage him to do something misbehaved.
When John changed his clothes and walked down with his cane, Lestrade had just summarized the case to Sherlock.
Siren sounding, the ship was about to set sail. Sherlock looking around, expecting the man would come bid farewell to him, but he found through and through in the public, still could not find him.
"What?" Sherlock's eyes were shining - he really needed the job and it was his ideal job to help the police to investigate the cases.
Sherlock frowned, "It's not Mrs Hudson."
"Did you like someone else?"
Mycroft, nasty Mycroft. Always so well-dressed and polite, made you think that he might be a saint who would never make mistakes. All times business-ridden, as if missing him the world will stop running - maybe this was true.
Sherlock puzzled looked at John, "But ... she... was not staying in England all the time?" he did not want to doubt John, but could not think of any other possibility, "you two... “
Sherlock squinted, deducing all the results and premises by his high speed calculating brain, and finally announced, "so you will marry Mary as soon as possible, I see." He lowered his head and avoided from John.
221b - Sherlock was shocked, could not believe it when he saw the house number.
John explained the Labouchere Amendment in the volume that could not be heard by the nearby tables, that how male homosexuals would be prosecuted by the crime of gross indecency in the United Kingdom and its colonials, no matter that sexual relationship between the two men had an agreement or not, had or hadn’t involved money, be done openly or privately, all would be prosecuted as serious crimes, and would be sentencing to punish once found.
They stopped at the door of 221b, John opened the door and Sherlock followed him into the apartment.
"We're just friends," Sherlock said coldly, that were the only words he could think of.
"No..." Sherlock wanted to say something to comfort John, but he was really not good at this area. "I feel sorry for your family..."
"You had had this plan before you met me, I don’t understand what changed after I appeared." Sherlock looked at John coldly. "It is the life you had intended to live, an ordinary people’s life, and the life that you will end up living."
"But an accident happened, my big brother was dead." John swallowed. "I received the telegram last week, be informed that he was drowned, drunk drowned in a puddle on the roadside after heavy rain," he had a mocked and twisted bitter smile.
Wait... is she Sarah Sawyer?
The shagging was extremely tender, on the narrow single bed, Sherlock clung tightly to John, thrust slowly in and out of him and fascinated, felt that they had becoming one, both opened themselves unconditionally to each other.
I can't remember when their images had been changed no matter how hard I tried. Just like being in a dream, although everything seems so real, you can't find the way how you got into the situation - it started from the middle of the scene, you can't find a hint what happened at the beginning.
#              #              #
John stopped.
"See you later ..." Sherlock whispered, and his lips seemed nearly to touch John’s. Then he left.
#              #              #
You were so arrogant and rude in the video, and so cute and charming, just like you have always been.
January 29th is our anniversary.
It was only a simple position - just two people cuddling and sleeping together - but it was what Sherlock dreamed of in the past seven years; he experimented with innumerable drugs and almost accepted James's temptation was just tried to copy this feeling. The warmest feeling. The happiness that made his heart so warm and blessed. It was the first time Sherlock sleeping so well this seven years, that he felt so refreshed after awoke and he never loved sleep so much. Sleeping was just a boring duty for him in the past, which he must force himself to do in order to keep his body functioning.
"Call me John." John smiled and pulled the chair for her gentlemanly. Sherlock was disgusted at the way John tried to please his family.
"It's not like you, I thought you are an uninhibited guy or some kind of cynical playboy something like that." Sherlock pouted with disdain.
Sherlock then sat up and hugged his nose to John, his lips parted as if he wanted to kiss, but only wandered around John. His hand touched John's panting chest, groping for his buttons, unlocked one after another, he took off his shirt, stroked and kissed the stranger's skin. John lay down feeling his jerky caressing, breathing heavily. Sherlock closed his eyes and stroked down his unbuttoned trousers, for the first time he touched the hair of an adult other than himself, for the first time he touched John's desiring prick.
Two sweaty bodies entangled, softened in bed.
John was amused by the serious expression of Sherlock, thought that this boy was really different, weird but very attractive.
"Yes, Mrs Holmes." Adler looked like a decent British lady, "This must be your little brother Sherlock?" She smiled to Sherlock, only received a disdained snort. Then she looked at John, the expression was slightly hesitant, "This is…"
Jealous John unbuckled Sherlock's belt fast and violently, pulled his trousers and pants down to his thighs, and then turned him over, released his own cock from trousers immediately, and pressed against Sherlock’s bottom. Although John’s prick was sliding upon his gap, Sherlock still stayed silence, so John pushed the head inside it, even under the unprepared situation, Sherlock still shut his mouth up and suffered the pain when John pushed into more. This was the first time John treated him so rudely, but he was so angry that he just spit some saliva in his hand and roughly prepared Sherlock, and then thrust into him with his whole length cruelly. Sherlock bit his lip to endured the torment, did not say a word nor made snorts, just let John fuck him hard to vent his rage, to prove a point - they had been shagging only to vent their beast-like lust, without a trace of emotion.
"Yes well just ignore that" Both Sally and Greg knew who it was, but the audience didn't and they rather keep it that way.
I wanted to focus on John's and Sherlock's relationship but I couldn't balance properly and ended up focused on other things but I hope it's good.
"There is a lot of things that we don't know mum"  John had wished the topic was switched he didn't feel like getting into the rough, didn't like the dark ends of conversations.
Climbing up them three steps felt like twenty, he came face to face with his mother she looked older and worn out, she had developed a whole head of grey hairs and more crows feet but she kept that charm to her, the one that made her look innocent and warm.
"What did John's father do when you went into labor" Jolene lost her smile and John sighed he knew what Sherlock was trying to do.
"Are you staying in town? Getting your self-sorted?"
"Come one doll," He pleaded "Don't say things like that,"
“It was a selfish act, you acted on what you desired not what was best for us” John couldn’t hold back and he was rethinking his decision on coming home.
(See the end of the chapter for
Now both Sherlock and John were confused.
"If you're anything like me you won't produce until birth" Jolene chuckled "I was a bit of a boy up top so there was nothing to work with"
"Our baby is growing up" Stopping dead in his tracks Sherlock ran the words through his mind.
So I fucked up. I put Thanksgiving to remind myself for the ending. Thank you scrub456 for pointing it out.
John was happy sitting there and ordering food as Sherlock and his mother talked, the baby seemed to be happy as well since John managed to keep his food down.
There was a reason why Sherlock didn't trust his mother other than the obvious and he wasn't telling John his concerns he just always stayed close whenever John and Jolene were in the same room.
The both of them straightened their clothes While Sherlock hailed a cab John thought it over. Were they ready for another child? Hamish was merely three and freshly potty-trained and John had some difficulties while he was in labor, they would have to have a deep talk about another baby.
"I'm sorry you were saying?" Molly hesitated maybe this wasn't the best idea but she couldn't back out now.
"What are you looking at" John flinched as he heard Sherlock speak, Sherlock had to pick the moment when John was looking at nursery schools for Hamish.
He glared at his blog until it was time to meet his therapist.
"We'll meet at 221 Baker's street" Almost half-way out the door Sherlock stuck his head back in "Names Sherlock Holmes" he winked and left.
"That is all we have to say and give to the public at this moment, No further questions will be clarified until we know,"
"John's father wasn't in his life until he was roughly two, I moved, changed my number which I should've kept doing,"
"I'll visit again soon"
"Yes, well I suppose you are right" Smiling weakly she clasped her hands together "Are you hungry? I can make lunch"
“It’s been two years” His mother shrugged looking even more worn out then she had “Some young thing came stumbling in town and caught his attention and I woke up one morning with all his things missing”
At six months pregnant John figured out why the women in his birthing class had all wished him good luck when he was just happily five months enjoying the feeling of seeing the kicks his baby gave him.
Limping his way through the park John hears his name being called out, Turning he's faced with Mike Stamford, John didn't recognize the man for a second, he seemed different, maybe he was a few pounds lighter before and had actual hair.
"Oh yes sorry," John said apologizing
In the years he was gone he contacted his family once a year and maybe sending cash if he could manage it but the principle hurts and he just wasn’t ready for the misery that was behind that closed door, he needed more time, maybe when he's older and established so he can throw it in his father's face. Maybe then.
Sherlock didn't find it logical for his child to go off to school with a stranger and a bunch of germ-carrying ankle bitters, he wasn't pleased that John thought Hamish was ready to just leave.
The parents all nodded they all seemed to think that the fairly young teacher was a miracle, she relaxed the parents down, the children and has an email specifically for questions, they deemed her an excellent fit, even Sherlock had nothing to say.
“It’s so different here” His finger dragged along the wall as he walked towards the hall, it had felt calm like there was no black cloud constantly hanging above the home like an itch that you couldn’t scratch.
John watched as Molly brought in the coffee and handed it to Sherlock who which he thanked.
"Oh, my look at you" Looking up and seeing his mother smiling softly he returned the smile but not daring to stand to greet her properly knowing it'll be difficult to get back in.
I stayed up so late making sure this was as best as it got. Hopefully no mistakes.
Sherlock noticed John's stressing and reached to grab his hand and while John wasn't expecting it he accepted it gladly. Calming down John squeezed Sherlock's hand.
"I'm keeping it, and I aim to be far away from you as possible" Now she felt hatred it felt as if they planned this, like him and his wife planned for him to get her pregnant and plot to take away her baby. She was going crazy.
John was puzzled, but quite fascinated with the taller man.
While the others complained about not being able to sleep, the heartburn and the endless need to relieve themselves John had none of it yet, he didn't gloat he just simply told them that every pregnancy was different it wasn't a shock when half of the other parents started despising him.
"That wasn't so bad" Walking down the street towards the busy sidewalks Sherlock and John walked close together, fast and swift as always.
As the years wore on his dad only grown weaker, he didn’t have the energy to raise his a hand or run after them when the time came, and it got easier and easier for his mom to leave him but yet she stayed, stayed to take care of him, stayed with the slurs he shouted. She settled for that.
"He didn't care that we left" Chuckling John nodded, Hamish didn't even look back once the boy came to drag him away John was content at the moment but the way Hamish easily left was heartbreaking. He wanted tears, yelling, but he got nothing.
"You believed him?" John said confused and hurt "You actually took his word"
Sherlock ignored her question "I need to know what bruises form in the next twenty minutes"
It had seemed like his mother was taken back at his words like he had told her a lie that offended her character which wasn’t the case, he told her the truth she didn’t want to hear and that wasn’t his fault that she couldn’t handle it.
His father worked at food processing plant, tossing ingredients into large steel bowls but instead of doing it the right way he made a shortcut which caused him his job and the business to recall the food and that resulted in them losing money.
He remembered nights were he begged his mom to leave, to fight back to do something and she did nothing, he had control of everything and that was perfectly fine to her that she and her children could possibly die because of that man. It was perfectly fine to her.
"1345 Harley st please" The ride was quite, John had fallen asleep and Jolene was too stuck in her mind to try to entertain John she had finally left she didn't think she could but she did and it felt amazing.
“You should’ve felt that way” She walked closer but started at a slow pace like she was proceeding with caution.
Settling in London wasn't easy, he had no good place and the shabby one bedroom apartment was cramped, it was the size of a broom closet and he had to settle like always, he found the bright side to his situation.
Now, he wants another child but he won't pop out babies every time Sherlock feels as if they last don't need them anymore, and going through sleepless nights again after finally gaining his full eight hours was something John just wasn't willing to give up yet.
I wanted this to be about John's background but I dug a huge hole.
"What helped you with coaxing it out," Sherlock asked, he was curious to see if John's pregnancy was similar to his mother's.
"Mummy, where are we going?" Holding John's hand making sure he didn't miss a step Jolene struggled to answer is the question, she didn't know herself she just knew she couldn't go to her mothers.
Pushing the thoughts back Jolene knocked and waited for a response.
Not my best, Not my best at all.
Jolene had gone to the doctors for a routine checkup and when they told her she was pregnant, she had known she needed to get away before he had gotten ahold of their children; she knew she could deal with the abuse but she would be damn if he struck her John.
"How have you been? I remember you saying that you find out the gender?" Jolene asked, practically on the edge of her seat.
"Watson men?" John asked
Hamish was short for a three-year-old but not too short for the doctors to worry but it didn't stop John, he knew what it felt like to not reach the top shelf and have Sherlock lean over him to pull it down easily because he had trees for legs.
"Hamish, no running please" The sounds of the little feet on the hardwood floors echoed throughout the flat, the little boy was a carbon copy of Sherlock the only thing that John thinks Hamish got from him was his height. He had Sherlock's curls, eyes, nose just Sherlock everything except height.
Mike laughed "You're the second person that has said that today"
"Oh, well, uh every great" John answered though they both knew it was a lie.
That caught Sherlock's attention, putting the phone way he joined in on the conversation, "It's a boy" Sherlock said interrupting John who was mere seconds from revealing.
"I have ruined my life with a married man and now my baby will face what his mother has done, I will not make him experience that" She stood up and paced, she wanted her baby to be successful and have both parents but it couldn't happen and she realized that.
Once she pulled away her hands found his face, holding him so gently she got a good look at her baby boy, she couldn’t believe how much he had grown. His pale blue eyes held so much she couldn’t help but cry, she had damaged her baby.
Kindly turning down her invitation to lunch John needed to get out, it was a mistake coming back and he didn't want to face Harriet while they hadn't had the best relationship John was there whenever she needed a timeout and he was guessing when he left it made it harder to do so.
"You just written 'still have trust issues'"
Jolene had many regrets but her children were never one of them, they were her greatest gifts and returning them just wasn't a choice ever.
"John" Jolene grinned "I was afraid that I wouldn't be able too but once he latched on the rest is history"
Something dramatic always happens when I start writing again.
"He's too young for school" John sighed, they've had this argument before.
Turning to Mike he nodded at John "Yeah, he's always like that"
"We are gathering all the evidence we can discover but as of now we have an extremely limited list," Sally hesitated, she presumes that's all she had to repeat.
"Plus I want to start picking up more shifts at the clinic" Catching Hamish as he was mid-run towards Sherlock, John picked him up kissing his cheek in the process.
"It's too early, I hardly know if I'm pregnant but once my mom pointed out the symptoms it just seemed to fit" Her appointment was next week that'll make her four weeks if her calculations were right and they'll know, or maybe she was just imagining everything and she just caught a bug.
“For God’s sake, I’m not entirely helpless, John, and this is as much of a concern for me as it is for you.  You’re not leaving without me; this is far too excellent an opportunity – “
“Sherlock and Mycroft Holmes,” he said, acknowledging both of them with a nod.  “I assume there is a particular reason as to why I have the pleasure of your visit?”
“It’s no trouble at all, John, really.  It isn’t as though you were disturbing anyone or anything more than usual once magic was involved.  And regardless of how careful you might have been, I’ve looked after Cecelia on my own.  The day she floated her glass of milk over to her without a second thought I realized she must have gotten it from you.”
As John moved to do as Sherlock asked, he noticed Olivia watching them.  Her mouth was curved into an enormous grin, her eyes mischievous as they darted between him and Sherlock.  John tried to roll his eyes at her, but when he brushed past Sherlock and they both froze in place to gape up at each other, he suspected that her observations were more astute than he’d hoped.  By the end of the activity, he found himself attempting to figure out how to ask Sherlock out for coffee once school was over for the day, resigning himself to the fact that he was more interested in Olivia’s teacher than he would have ever expected.
“As long as you both agree, yes. Normally we have all of our participants undergo a few tests to ensure both of their safeties – “
Sherlock and John race to find Cecelia and Doyle. When they manage to catch up with them, the reasons behind Doyle's actions are finally revealed.
“You look so well, John,” she said quietly before turning to Sherlock.  “I suppose we have this young man to thank for your visit, don’t we?  This is your gentleman?”
“Apparation is the quickest and easiest,” John replied.  “We’d just need to get down to Hogsmeade, away from the wards, and I’d have us there in a flash.”  He glanced down at Cecelia, her head cocked to the side in interest, and carefully pulled her from Sherlock to cradle her close to his chest.  “What about Cecy, though?  I’m not taking her with us, not with a risk of running into Mary.”
“Oh no,
They shot down Baker Street and headed toward the congestion of Marylebone Road.  With the ease of someone who was nearly a single entity with his machine, Sherlock weaved them through the traffic, darting between cars, cabs, buses, and bikes with inches to spare.  John attempted to laugh, but the noise caught in his throat as the wind flashed past them.  For once he wished they were out of the city; passing through fields flanking single lane roads, sheep docily ignoring them as they rushed past with helmets carelessly tossed into the wind to allow the air to pass freely across their faces and through their hair.  Though he knew it was a foolish thought purely for safety, he felt himself longing that they could have the closeness that a lack of helmets would provide.
“Just go get Professor McGonagall, quick as you can.  I’ll take good care of Uncle Sherlock, don’t worry.”  She nodded and ran off, glancing back at them over her shoulder once before vanishing.  As soon as she was gone, John turned back to the group of students and searched their faces.  Spotting one of the members of the Hufflepuff Quidditch team, he called him forward.  “Thompson, would you do something for me as well?”
I enjoy writing these two as adorable little children a bit too much.
Obviously she wanted him to go out in search of Christmas decorations and of course, John being who he was, would do what she asked.  He’d been noticing that her attention to him had turned from welcoming into more interested than was usually acceptable between coworkers, so John hoped that by helping out with this, it might give him the chance to determine just how far their ‘friendship’ could be pushed.  Going out in search of decorations a little over a week before the holiday might tip him over the edge of friendly and into a more solid hint of a relationship.  Nothing like trudging out into the rain to battle frantic shoppers in order to get a leg over.
He met John’s eyes over her shoulder.  “Never, Professor.  This will certainly not be our last endeavour in the wizarding world, not when there’s so much to learn.”  She gave his cheek an affectionate pat and showed them off.  John snatched up Sherlock’s hand almost immediately after he bent to grab their bags, squeezing it hard in affection.  Their grins remained solidly fixed on each other’s faces as they made their way back into Hogsmeade, Cecelia babbling at them as they walked.  As soon as they were past the barrier, John wrapped a tight arm around Sherlock’s waist and they Apparated home.
Across from them, pushing a book trolley and scanning the shelves along the wall, stood a tall man in a royal blue Oxford shirt.  His dark curls looked shiny and soft in the florescent light of the library, artfully tousled in a style that was meant to look like it was just thrown together thoughtlessly but John knew was done on purpose.  As John watched, he pushed his black glasses back up the bridge of his nose and bent over to replace a book in its place on a lower shelf.  John felt his face flush and immediately turned back to Jane, though he kept studying the man out of the corner of his eye.  Half of his attention remained on the man as Jane finished her first picture and pushed the notebook toward John for him to see.
“Why are you always so determined to defend her?” John interrupted, slamming his fist down on the arm of the chair loudly enough to rattle the urn on the mantle.  “She fucking killed you, Sherlock, and don’t you dare try pulling that non-fatal wound shit on me again.  I was more than ready to end it after she nearly took you away from me just after I got you back again, but you’re the one who convinced me otherwise.  Why the hell are you so determined to keep this chaotic idiocy going?”
“How did it go?” Sherlock asked as John came in and slouched down into his chair.  John huffed out a laugh and patted his thigh, silently requesting that Sherlock join him.  Sherlock placed his violin back in its case and draped himself across John’s lap, tucking his face into his neck and wrapping his arms around his neck.
“Who is she?”  Teddy craned his neck around John as though he could peer into the kitchen where Mary and Sherlock were talking without being noticed.  “Does she know you’re a wizard and hasn’t said anything?”
Sherlock sighed deeply, the noise he let out as he did one of long suffering.  “I haven’t told you because I know you wouldn’t approve and it’s easier than dealing with your monologue that basically amounts to ‘a bit not good.’  And at the very least, turn it on silent and put it in your jeans pocket so it can’t be seen or heard.”
“Not bad!” John exclaimed, placing a hand on Sherlock’s elbow and rubbing his thumb into his sleeve.  “A bit of practice and a wand of your own and I’m sure you’ll have it.  See what I mean, though?  If you let yourself get out of your head a bit, you’ll be able to focus in on the magic itself more.”
Sherlock remained silent for a long moment, watching John’s expression carefully as he thought.  Finally, he gave John a faint nod.  “I would be, yes.  I could finally see and learn about Hogwarts first hand, experience the library and discover its corridors and classrooms.  Cecelia would need to be taught while we’re gone – I could continue what we’ve already begun and along with it she could experience magic far more easily in her everyday life.  She deserves a chance to see and live in this other world and decide if she’d like to make it hers eventually.”
“I didn’t want to intrude,” Sherlock replied quietly.  John frowned and took up his hand in a tight grip.
He appeared to be in his mid-thirties, fit but not excessively muscular, and only stood a few centimeters taller than John.  Given the various unfamiliar, blank looks he received when introduced, Sherlock decided he must have studied at one of the other European wizarding schools he had read about, most likely Beauxbatons.  His eyes were a dark blue that shone nearly black on his sharply shaped face.  His square jaw was framed by a neatly trimmed beard and moustache meant to emphasize his features and pull the eye to his well formed lips.  The image was completed by a splash of black hair, artfully styled and tossed to splay over his forehead and give him a boyish charm.  Sherlock realized that Doyle was smiling at him, watching Sherlock watch him, and he frowned back before determinedly returning his attention to the conversation around him.
did you find a
“And I wasn’t insinuating we do anything that involves sleeping.”  He slid around until he was laying on his side, guiding Sherlock with him and moving up to his mouth.  They spent several minutes lazily snogging, John trailing a hand up and down Sherlock’s flank.  His fingers had just moved to the front of Sherlock’s belt when a noise between them caused them both to jump apart in alarm.  As soon as they had broken apart, the baby monitor that had been jammed between them tumbled into the space they made.  From it, the sounds of a stirring Cecelia issued, causing John to groan.
Sherlock kept his additions minimal, but they added a pleasing touch to what John already put together. Sheer, thigh high stockings with red lace at the tops sat snuggly on his long legs. He found a long necklace that reached almost to his waist and looped it around his head to create the dichotomy of a tight line around his neck and a longer length down his chest. On the necklace were dark, shiny beads the same shade as the red in his camisole. To match the stockings, he wore laced gloves that reached to his elbows and made his fingers look impossibly longer.
“John!” he shouted, the sound lost in the bed sheets.  Minutes passed without a response.  Sighing the sigh of the severely tried, he shifted his face enough to free his mouth and called out again.  “
After a brief second of scrambling, the door opened and Sherlock’s face peered out.  He seemed a bit more flushed than would normally be expected for simply climbing out of bed, but John ignored it for the time being.  “Yes, John?” he asked, slightly out of breath.  “What’s the matter?”
“I hope you don’t mind that Greg came over after he was done working,” Molly said.  Her cheeks glowed with happiness as she settled in close to Lestrade’s side.
“Anything,” Sherlock breathed.  “Everything.”
When John began to feel like he was going to crawl out of his skin, he jumped back to his feet and headed towards the shower. He turned the water up as hot as he could handle it and scrubbed the remnants of Sherlock off his skin, leaving him a bit pinker than usual but far more calm. He tried not to think of Sherlock as he went up to his room and changed into pyjamas, and failed. Sitting on the edge of his bed to pull up his trousers, he found himself staring off at the blank wall across from him, lost in the memory of how Sherlock’s flushed skin felt against his calloused fingers. When he caught his left hand clenching into a fist as his cock perked up in interest, he shook himself roughly, finished dressing, and headed back downstairs to find food.
John smiled up at him and shook his head.  “Alright, enough of this.  Neither of us is going to sabotage this, yeah?  We’re finally figuring it out and we’re doing it together.”
Sherlock snorted and crossed his arms, not unlike a petulant child.  “You probably knew of this whole case the entire time and purposefully kept it from me.  You should know by now, Mycroft, that if it’s to do with John, I’ll always manage to find my way in.”
“Da’s got a new job and we’re going to Hogwarts,” Cecelia interrupted matter-of-factly.  She didn’t even look up from the pages in front of her as she spoke.  Everyone glanced from her back to John, who shrugged.
They landed just outside the gate, the house looming up in the background.  Sherlock gaped at it over the top of John’ head while John tucked his wand back into his sleeve.  Through his hands that still rested with ease around John’s neck, he felt John heave in a deep breath.  Sherlock tore his eyes away from the Burrow to frown down at him.
As John watched, the man finally managed to find his mobile and squinted down at it.  He rolled his eyes and punched at it with more force than was probably necessary.  Almost as soon as he threw it into the seat next to him, it began buzzing once more in a consecutive pattern, indicating that the texts reverted to a call.  The man huffed and threw his head back against his headrest, revealing a long throat over the top of his scarf.  John gulped and buried down in his seat even further.
“Did you get my text?” he asked suddenly, reminding John that he never actually checked it.  He dug through his pockets for his mobile and pulled up the message.
John glanced up at Sherlock over his head, who had the decency to blush as he avoided John’s eyes.  “He did, did he?  I thought we agreed no more spell practice in the flat.”
"I never had you anyway, John Watson," Mary said with a sad shake of her head. "I was never yours and you were never mine, despite how hard we tried. You found your second half long before I ever came around." When she pointedly stared at Sherlock, John reached out his free hand to grasp on to Sherlock's hand. The motion caused Sherlock to jolt, eyes shooting between John's fierce face and their clasped hands. When he gave it a tentative squeeze, John replied with one back with double the force. Though they could see the tears in her eyes, Mary smiled slightly at the motion.
“Christ, you’re beautiful,” he murmured, grabbing at the back of his head to pull his lips toward him.  Sherlock fumbled to follow him, yanking at John’s shoulders to get him onto the bed with him.  John clamoured to do as he bid, his mouth close to Sherlock’s as he shifted him around and climbed over him.  He pulled the leg that hung over the edge up with him, running his hand with feather light touches along the length of the outside.  He settled it up at Sherlock’s hips after John brought the leg up tight against his side, John’s body caught in the v between them.  He slowly lowered himself until he was lying on top of Sherlock, their groins lining up.
Sherlock’s expression softened and he smiled weakly.  “I miss it too.  I thought, as long as we were together, it wouldn’t matter to me that I wasn’t on any cases.  This is Hogwarts; I just assumed that I would find more than enough magical things to keep myself amused.  It seems I was wrong…I’m sorry.”
“John!  Minerva mentioned you would be taking over for Poppy for the year.  We’re excited to have you, all of you!”
, did Sherlock sleep up there with you all night?” he asked.  Upstairs, the sound of John saying his name caused Sherlock to stir.  He stretched and winced, his fist colliding with his rudimentary pillow.  Frowning at it, he glanced around until he found the source of John’s voice.  “I think I may have scared him off a bit last night.”
“I suspected you might choose an outfit that leaned more towards the Western style of steampunk,” he remarked, strolling forward to dig through a box of accessories. When he straightened, he held a leather shoulder holster in a shade similar to his trousers. “Take off your braces and put this on instead. It will fit with the aesthetic we’re creating better and show off your shoulders and chest to full advantage.” John silently did as he demanded, securing the holster with the belt settled just under his breast pockets. Once he was finished, Sherlock passed over a quartet of gun-shaped devices, obviously fake and decorated to look like something out of a science fiction movie. Together they secured them into the loops under his arms and at his waist and, when Sherlock stepped back to survey him, he nodded in satisfaction.
“How difficult was it to turn a single bedroom into a double?” he asked as he leaned back against the counter.
The cottage had been emptied of furniture and the homey touches of active life, leaving the rooms bleak and unwelcome. A fine coat of dust covered the walls and floors, except where a set of feminine footsteps led them through the ground level. They followed silently behind the steps, neither voicing their familiarity with their size and shape. After a complete circuit of the house brought no sign of life, John crossed his arms over his chest and gave a huff as he glared around the entranceway.
Neil blushed and nodded before rushing out of the hospital wing.  John grabbed his tray of supplies and made his way over to the sink in the upper corner of the room.  He cleaned everything with quick efficiency, dumping the rubbish in a bin.  Once finished, he headed back to the far corner by the windows where the beds had been pushed away and a rug spread out on the floor in their place.  Cecelia sat cross legged on the floor there, a pile of books surrounding her and one open on her lap.  She leaned over it as her finger followed the lines on the page, her nose nearly touching it.  Frowning, John knelt down at her side.
“So…let me see if I understand this correctly.”  Resting his hands flat on the table, Sherlock stared down at them intently.  “Hogwarts’ nurse wishes to take a sabbatical of sorts, needs a replacement on a temporary basis, and has contacted you to become that replacement.  Should you take the job, you would be relocating to Hogwarts for the entirety of the school year, leaving Cecelia and I here to wait for your return, as long as you aren’t offered the full position should she decide to officially retire.”
Sherlock shivered and John was about to ask if he was okay when Ollivander returned, this time laden with four different boxes.  He shuffled through them and tossed one at Sherlock, who just barely managed to catch it.
“This should help with any tenderness and make sure any vulnerable spots don’t get infected,” John explained as he rubbed it in, massaging when the muscles below his skin felt tense. Once he finished, he grabbed Sherlock’s coat and wrapped it around his shoulders on his bare skin, tucking the sides in tightly. “How are you feeling, sweetheart?”
“Then obviously I’ve been a shit boyfriend, and a shit best friend before that, if you can’t drown it out with my reassurances of your brilliance.”  John moved Sherlock’s wand arm down to his side and pulled him into another tight hug.  “If I’d been reminding you of how fantastic you are, as a person and at everything you do, maybe it could have helped you squash down his voice in your head.”  John tilted his face so that his mouth was just below Sherlock’s ear and lowered his voice to a whisper.  “You’re the only one who could do what you do, my love.  Your mind is dazzling and your heart is even brighter.  The capacity you have to love and care for those you value constantly takes my breath away.  You manage to find a new way to astound me every day, even before we found out that you can do magic.  And the magic’s just a small part of it – you were the most brilliant creature I’d ever met even before that.  I’m honoured to know you, humbled to be loved by you, and if you need to be reminded of your fantastic capabilities every day for the rest of our lives, I’ll consider it a gift to be the one to do it.”
John tried to push him away, but he was too fascinated by Sherlock's kisses, not tough enough to reject.
"She... they haven't die? you said your family were all died?"
Sherlock kissing the sweat on John's skin, thrusting in and out more forcefully, made the sound of flesh collided with flesh getting louder - such sounds and tastes might not be experienced again after backed to London. Sherlock doubted he would ever have sex with anyone other than John, for him a similar experience had once was enough. Moreover, he doubted there would be anyone like John that would make him willing to tolerate, or even be interested in?
It might due to the helpless feeling that I don't have any power over your situation even though I am a doctor. Let the person I've valued the most being controlled in other people's hands -  it's so threatening that made me think Dr Magnussen is a powerful man who dominates other people's lives and deaths, whose decision would affect our destiny.
"You... do you want to move in here?" Sherlock swallowed hard, his voice weak. "You and Mary."
"You two were secondary school classmates and roommates in a boarding school." Sherlock continued to tell the facts he knew. "I had been studying in a boarding school, I could quite understand what happened between you. Did my brother abandon you for his career? That wouldn’t be completely unexpected, to know that he is in cold blood and ruthless, he can sacrifice anything for his work and the country! But you didn’t need to abandon yourself to find a woman you don’t love and got married, or you did it because of the secular prejudice? "He scoffed and continued, "Or you’re so great that finding a cover for him so that you two can continue your affair and doesn’t affect his career? Is it a political marriage so you and your wife can have affairs separately? No wonder you don’t care about your wife eloped with another man. I know Mycroft have many dirty tricks in the political field, but I don’t know he is so shameless even in his private life... "
"It's our name in Chinese," John said, touching his own ring. "I have checked, Holmes and Watson, translated into Chinese is 福爾摩斯 and 華生, inside the rings were engraved separately with 福 and 華.”
Sherlock reached for the fence, fingertips gently touched John’s hand, John silenced. John puzzled and looked at him, guessing his intentions. Sherlock suddenly grabbed John's collar by the other hand and pulled him forward, the two became so close but still separated by railing, and those lips were only two inches apart. John's eyes swayed between Sherlock's eyes and lips, and his breath was unstable.
"Why?" John was confused, raising his voice, "I love you, and I only loved you in my life."
"Nevertheless, your family would be proud of you." Mrs Hudson added a seemingly safe conclusion.
Sherlock sat up and getting confused. "We... we are different, not the same as you and Mary."
"I... I just saw it," Victor whispered like he was talking about the most horrible thing in the world.
"Brilliant!”
Too many unlikely things. Such as the lost train and the terrorist attack on the abandoned station, both would be too stupid to plan. Heart-shaped bomb with a simple switch to turn off the explosion? it sounds like a prop from a reality TV show. And the countdown stayed at 1:29...
Sherlock watching John talked about his responsibility as if it’s so normal, but he knew that John was not so bearing in mind as he showed, John just let himself following the social norms without thinking. It was like Sherlock had no concept about his graduated future, he only knew that everyone must went to school, and then graduated, and then would find a boring job, to earn money so that they could get married and had children, formed a boring family, and let this suffocating stupid behavior cycling forever...
John watching Sherlock's panting chest, his dizzy expression, could not help but confessed, "I... "
Why things involved love would turn to this chaos? Those data be collected within him and John’s "experiment", would it help him to do his research? For example, whenever he thought of Mary, why his heart would have an uncomfortable burning feeling? Did the love’s criminals have the same feeling when they started their crimes? Was this feeling driving them to commit crimes? Sherlock thought he still did not have enough data to analyse...
"It's me." Mary's voice was so weak that she had no strength to shout. "Can I get in?"
“A gift!” Sherlock snorted - he already recognised that Miss Adler’s personal belongings were the female things he had seen in John's apartment, and the expressions on John and Adler’s faces let him knew that they were not meet for the first time - and then he stood up, inviting Adler to dance before Mycroft, and took her to the center of the dance floor in front of everybody who was in shock by it.
Marry Watson?
"I will soon be back to London, and you will stay in Hong Kong to continue your military serving, our lives will not have any intersection after that. You give up a marriage for me, we will still have no happy ending." Sherlock soothing swept John's thigh and smiled, "Don’t be silly, John, we are seeking fun, not seriousness." He teased to touch John, stroking his groin.
No matter how dark it was, Sherlock absolutely knew what they were doing and how to do it by the sounds. As a bystander, he deeply felt how distasteful and disgusting about this kind of thing, indulging in the pleasures of the flesh, the dirty lustful sounds, became primitive beasts which just let the instinct blindly drove them. Although he covered himself with the sheets, the image of two naked bodies twisted together still disturbed him so much, and the horrible lustful sounds resounded everywhere - were he and John's making love was also like that? Just had been an opportunity to give vent to their beast-like lust? Was it meaningless, just a waste of time?
Sherlock had no time to inform John of the news by himself. John eyed him in shock, but Sherlock just avoided him.
"Wait a minute!" The two in shock and horror hurried to dress up of decent looks embarrassingly, hastily tidied up the bed, and then they exchanged glances, John put his hand on the door handle, turned, "Mary, why are you here? ..." John had not finished his asking, a petite woman went into his arms, buried her head in his chest and cried.
"Any uncomfortable feeling?"
John still stared at Sherlock as if he wanted to nail him here with his eyes.
#              #              #
John clung him in his arms, "I will remember you. Will you remember me?"
"Yes," John closed his eyes and swallowed. When he opened his eyes, he saw Sherlock's burning gaze, and could not help but knead his hand, "should be going now..."
It was a wonderful dream. Sherlock dreamed that he and John returned to London and lived in a house with a 221b door number, they lived an ordinary and lovely life together behind the door - Sherlock was experimenting in the kitchen, John was drinking tea and reading newspaper by the fireplace, they exchanged a warm smile, and the place was so familiar as if they simply belonged there...
The continually repeated plots always could find subtle differences.
Sherlock did not know when John had been to here for the decorations, only knew while he stepped into the apartment, immediately covered by the Christmas atmosphere - Christmas ornaments, garlands, Christmas socks, and even a small Christmas tree on the desk, under it had been laid some Christmas gifts.
For the spiritual changing, they both occupied all the leisure hours of each other’s, they became their partner's focus. When there was no need to on shift or went to school, they would come here, using all the time to occupy each other's body, turned themselves to be their partner’s habits, let the other one be hooked and be addictive.
Sherlock's whole body soaked in the water with only his face barely out of it, alerting himself must keep awake and hold the beam tight, waiting for the rescue. He estimated that the enemy's bombers blew up the subway facilities, was likely to burst the water pipes or channels nearby, so the flood flooded in and drowned this underground air-raid shelter. He felt like it had been for centuries, but the terrible situation in front of him had not improved a little. He fell asleep several times and woke up by the frozen water every time, struggling to float again before sink into the deep water, clinging to the beam, his teeth vibrating while his lips becoming senseless.
My blog hasn't been updated.
This... was really a surprise! - Sherlock never liked Christmas, because his home did not have a little festive atmosphere, his family treated Christmas like a routine, just better than none, but could not count as happy, let alone have surprises.
He and Mrs Hudson were standing outside a Baker Street's apartment - Mrs Hudson, the landlady here, met Sherlock on the road who was looking for a unit. She told him that her apartment was empty, her tenant just moved away last month. Sherlock decided to give up when he heard that it was a two-room apartment with kitchen and bathroom, it would beyond his budget too much. But he had helped Mrs Hudson to ensure her bad husband being executed, so Mrs Hudson promised to give him a special deal for owing him a favour.
"Mary?" John was so embarrassing. "Why wouldn’t you tell me you’re coming? What happened?"
A loud blame took Sherlock's attention - he saw the restaurant owner driving a sissy boy to leave his place.
John Watson was sitting in the back seat waiting for him, he smiled at Sherlock.
thank God. Although my heart followed him to fall down from the rooftop, passed several floors, still hadn't broken into pieces, still struggling to survive.
"It's amazing! Such a wonderful explanation by your voice, I would like to hear more." John's eyes were sincere.
The moment I touched his wrist, I almost fainted.
He saw John still closing his eyes, but leaning forward and reached for Sherlock in his sleep. John hugged him and buried his face into Sherlock's neck, rubbing his ears, murmured, "What are you thinking?"
Once again, being summoned for investigation by Lestrade, Sherlock forgot his ongoing experiment in the apartment, resulting in a small explosion that damaged the place seriously. The landlord relentlessly confiscated all the security deposits that Sherlock had paid in advance and had no hesitation to drop all his stuff to the street. The locks of the apartment were all changed and all neighbours had been warned not to rent places to this young madman.
"How to deduce?”
Eros was one of the most primitive desires of mankind and was a common motive for serious crimes. Why the feeling and the sex between people would lead to such a complicated ripple effect, bringing such a serious lethality? Sherlock wanted to figure out the logic inside it but found that there was no such a formula could solve the mystery.
"Hi." Sherlock was a bit unhappy because someone had moved his stuff and invaded his base. The man also made here have a weird smell, might be he had painted an unpopular aftershave - but the man did not seem to be as idiotic as the outside crowd.
Even in its embryonic stage, Sherlock had to work together with the government and police forces for a total of three years before the "Moriarty" network was finally destroyed (part of the reason was resources were shredded because of the war). If James Moriarty did not die of an accident, if he did not reveal to Sherlock any hint of that organization, if the "Moriarty" group kept growing quietly, that would be unthinkably horrible.
"Seems you don’t like women?" John smiled and sat down.
James was also panting, he angrily staring at Sherlock, as if looking at the world's most difficult mystery. "You refuse me, no one has ever refused me!"
"Oh-oh-oh..." Rio's screamings were really annoying.
Sherlock tried to bring John back to school on a holiday night, sneaked with him into the unmanned school library, let John shag him from behind in front of the bookshelves of his favourite section where contained chemical books, then laid on the long desk in the study area and let John fuck him hard over it.
"The aspects of sexual violence, sexual abuse, jealousy, resentment, and inferiority? How these things drive people to lose their temper? Most sexual criminals are related to them."
Just one day. Today was Christmas after all.
Sherlock felt that something was dripping on his lapel and on the floor, he was glad that the tourists beside him were busy waving to farewell that they had no time to become aware of him, and he had no time to take his eyes off and his eyes could only keep fix on the car, until the ship sailed farther and farther, until it became a little black spot that could not be recognized again...
He might be magical, he might be a criminal genius, the star of tomorrow of London's dark forces. He had illegal intelligence, he had expanded his criminal network, he even wanted to attract Sherlock to his business. He thought he would become the new mystery that even the Scotland Yard and the British government could not solve. However, he could not predict the biggest mystery that made for him by fate - the war would rewrite one's destiny in a moment, it was more frightening than any crazy criminal, even if you were a genius still could not survive from the joke of the era.
The wet tongue invaded his mouth - Sherlock longed to kiss, missed the feeling of kissing John, to tell a thousand words in a silent way... but this was not John! John's kiss would not be so rude, so possessive, like a damp snake to climb into the mouth, entangled with you until you choked. John's kiss would not be so disgusting, that was not John!
Then Sherlock woke up in the smell of tea, found John was sitting beside him with a smile.
"It’s a blessing to forming a family, and it’s a social responsibility for an adult man." Mrs Holmes stared at John with a smirk, "One day you’re not getting married, one day you would give an unreliable impression to people, too unstable, not decent."
The woman who married John Watson with a terrible secret.
"Help you to investigate?" John seemed doubtful.
Sherlock stunned - he did not even think about these things, just a moment ago, he had felt disdainful about sex or love.
Sherlock's erection kept rubbing between their bellies and finally released. Feeling the tightening contraction around his cock, John shot into Sherlock's body after two more strokes. He was sweaty and fell down onto Sherlock, they both breathing heavily as if the whole world did not have enough oxygen.
#              #              #
So everything is for you.
"Your old schoolmate is Mike Stamford?" Sherlock's mouth curled into a smile.
"Oh!" James smiled as he thought of something funny. "Interesting! I never aware that you want a longer foreplay. Now I get it, you like flirting - like to flirt with me!
It was a gloomy afternoon, after sex, John sleeping naked in bed. Sherlock did not put on any clothes, just walking around naked in the apartment, as if they returned to the Garden of Eden, wouldn't scruple to appear in the natural state because it was so normal and beautiful. Sherlock was checking the progress of his experiment - he already moved his researches and experiments from dormitory to here, the experimental equipment and books had occupied John's table, chair and part of the floor. This was only the visible physical changing.
The lustful sipping sounds were accompanied by groanings, and then the couple snickering.
"No, I think that's inappropriate." Mrs Hudson was quarrelling with somebody, her voice came through the door.
I rushed across the road, through the crowd, shouting that I am his friend, asking them to let me check his injuries.
"ok.” though John was a little bit scared, he turned and raised his bottom for Sherlock. He looked back at Sherlock and smiled, "You are the first."
They tried hard to accommodate each other, with desperate hunger and thirst, asking for the deepest resonance, and they reached their climax together.
James dropped the book, jumped down from the table, came to Sherlock and invaded his private area without hesitation, he put his hand on Sherlock's shoulder casually and whispered to him, "I’m your fan, I know you solved several cases for Scotland Yard - those were the kind of puzzles that most people can’t solve.”
"Um, yes..." Sherlock answered absently, his eyes just could not move away from that man.
#              #              #
"Who knows you'd rather be the bottom." Victor's tone was full of disdain and ridicule, "Ha, I didn’t know that I had fallen in love with a prostitute!"
"It’s the case you solved last time when you happened to be around, it is a follow-up." Lestrade frowned. "Maybe you were wrong, made us arrested the wrong guy; otherwise, it’s a copycat crime, while we have not publicly announced any information about the case. Both cases are very bad!"
The driver took Sherlock's luggage and opened the door for him. Sherlock returned to the normal state of indifference, took his suitcase, looked back to John. John's eyes were with attachment and reluctance, his mouth slightly sheeted but could not find a word.
The happiness of these days let Sherlock have an illusion, thought that they might keep going in this way. Like they could sublet a similar apartment as this one, told the world they were just two bachelors who wanted to share a rent by economic reason so became roommates, and continue to play each other's lover behind the door. However, this was only Sherlock's whimsy, the idea was stored in the corner of the mind palace, under the exclusive file of John. He knew that John might be passionate to thrilling adventures and was addicted to running risks with Sherlock, but he was also a man with a high sense of morality and a very strict discipline, otherwise he would not be a soldier. John loved the secular society, he was stubbornly perseverance, he would continue to follow the social norms, be a responsible man. That was why Sherlock's fantastic idea had never been spoken out.
"Well done, I just lacked the data of this aspect."
John held Sherlock's hands over his head with one hand, one hand pulled down Sherlock's trousers, stroking Sherlock's desiring erection, the long-lost touch made Sherlock tremble and moan. John held both their pricks, stroking up and down, let they thrusting into his hand. Sherlock looked up at John, recognized the desired fire in his eyes - when John was crazy for Sherlock, it was always there.
Just like Mary Watson's hairstyle has changed, changed to a curly one just like mine. Even her clothes have been more and more like my style.
"John?" Sherlock quietly approached, petting John's shoulder trying to wake him up, but John did not respond.
#              #              #
Sherlock stroked John's hand, they rubbed against each other, "the more the better." He turned and let John kiss his cheek, and then he led John's hand sliding on his body and reached to his half-erected. John's hand rubbed and caressed it above the sheets, and then he left Sherlock's hand to stroke his thighs, to uncover the thin sheets above his skin. Sherlock hugged him and let him kiss his lips and neck. John's hands were not idle, kept touching and playing with Sherlock's legs, separated them and laid between them.
"We are both tired, let's rest earlier," John said, holding his cane and limping back to his room.
"No."
That's why I can hear again, the most beautiful sound in the world - your heartbeat.
John turned his head away and looked out the other side window, but his hand fumbled Sherlock's hand a few times then tentatively covered it, held Sherlock's hand and stroked it softly with his thumb. Sherlock gently held back.
#              #              #
"No, you look like a mess." Lestrade stopped him and quickly looked over him, covered his nose and frowned. "You will turn the Scotland Yard into a smelly rubbish dump."
Underneath his trousers he seemed to respond half-erectly, Sherlock was baffled and touched himself - This had never happened, he never let the lower part of his body ruled his head.
"Would I?" Sherlock was looking for John's silhouette in the dark, but his face almost melted into the shadows. Sherlock watching the lighted cigarette had moved closer to him, so he opened his mouth and sucked it again.
Looking at Lestrade's angrily widened eyes, Sherlock shrank away a little bit.
He would never have the chance to tell John he love him. Even though John had told him, more than once.
Sherlock lowered his head just wanted to peek at John's sleeping face. But at this moment, John clenched his hands around Sherlock's waist, his face buried deeper on Sherlock's chest, as if he did not want to let Sherlock see his face. Did it mean John already woke up and he was willing to let Sherlock hugging him? And he was still willing to cuddle Sherlock? Therefore...
"No." Sherlock just gently leant against John's shoulder and stood quietly.
#              #              #
Unexpectedly, when I faded out of the blogosphere, a new forum which using you as a subject raised.
John brought him to the tram station and took a tram, they picked the upper compartment where not many passengers, the breeze blowing in, just diluted the unwelcome smelling. Sherlock appreciated the breezy night, John's hand was on his thigh - Sherlock felt it still very unreal, he just had sex with this stranger sitting beside him, he did not know how this happen but it really happened. He thought of Mycroft and the expression on his face when he knew what happened this afternoon, he suddenly had a good mood, expecting such a good thing would come one after another.
"It doesn’t matter, do it according to your usual habits, as you do to other women or men." Sherlock looked at John with a proud and unyielding expression.
"This is my new flatmate, Doctor John Watson," Sherlock smirked and introduced John to Lestrade.
You should stick to it as well, overcome all the things then give me an explanation.
"Are you?" Mycroft gave a contemptuous laugh. "Hope you could say it to Mummy during the Christmas dinner of this year."
#              #              #
Sherlock sat slumped down on the bed without bedspread, sheets and pillows.
"You only shagged me to collect data?" John was curious.
"Not so honourable." John's face became gloomy. "Only a released prisoner of war was repatriated due to injury." He gave a wry smile and hit his damaged leg with his fist. "Just a useless person now."
"Don’t think that only you can observe, your roommate is smarter than what you imagine. At the beginning, there was a black car which would come to pick you up, then you carried on truanting and sneaked out alone, did not go back to sleep in the dormitory at night... when the dormitory was unmanned someone would come to accompany you, and would leave some blonde hairs and a 'dog tag' which only for military personnel." Mycroft stared at him coldly. "Look, the emotion would make a real mess of your brain, the proudest part of you now turned into shit."
"No, it's lucky for me that they're safe, otherwise I would blame myself too. It's just... they're not my family anymore. Before Japanese occupied Hong Kong, the military received intelligence, so that a group of British Chinese soldiers disguised as civilians, mixed with the public to avoid unnecessary sacrifice. Mary and the kid disguised and withdrew with them, an officer has been taking care of them, and he is more competent than me to be a good husband and good father. When I was released and back to Hong Kong, Mary told me everything, so I divorced her, let them be together officially. Mary and her child finally found their happiness. "
“Hufflepuff?”  The sneer Sherlock sent him was a mixture of disbelieving and condescending.  “But I was under the impression that House was left for the remainder of people who didn’t fit elsewhere.  You’re far too interesting to be a Hufflepuff, John.”
With a nod and a smile, John gave his waist a squeeze.  “Alright.  Today.  Guess we’re going to Diagon Alley.”
“All of my digging and I can’t find a thing on them!” Sherlock complained, but without his usual vigour due to the baby he held.  “There’s absolutely nothing about them in any of your books!  I need more, John, and none of this is helping!”
His mates suggested a weekend trip out of town after the hell of finals and one of them had a family home down near Whitmore Bay, a few miles out from Cardiff.  Since it was winter, the normally tourist filled area would be practically empty except for locals, making it ideal for a group of soon to be university graduates to spend a few days relaxing before returning for their final semester.  Most of them expected to spend the three days they would be there sprawled across the sitting room with snacks and alcohol doing nothing more than watching telly, but John couldn’t help but escape outside briefly to explore the beach.  They never went to the coast when he was a kid and the lure of an actual sandy shoreline to explore was too much for him to deny.  Therefore, despite the early hour and the 6 degree weather, John found himself prowling around the water looking for anything of interest.
“Oye, not a chance.”  The second voice was definitely male, but higher pitched than the first.  John guessed he couldn’t be more than his late teens.  “We did a right fine job of it, didn’t we, Travers?”
John chewed thoughtfully and swallowed. “Something with gears, maybe? Just…mechanical? I’m not sure what other sort of steampunk themes we could do that we haven’t done yet.”
“She’s gonna watch Cecelia while we’re gone.  I told Ron when I replied to his message that maybe we should hold off on bringing her round until next time, that way everyone’s just meeting you for now and her when it’s a bit less mad.  Thought it would be less stressful that way and Molly’s offered to watch her whenever she’s free and we need her.”
“She’s not wrong,” Harry said with a nod.  “And I’m not just saying that because she’s the Minister for Magic and therefore my boss.”
“I…did it,” Sherlock breathed.  John laughed and rubbed his hand along Sherlock’s hip, squeezing and scratching his fingers into the fabric of his trousers.  “My God, it actually worked.  I just levitated a book.”
John's on his way out of town on a train headed to his sister's.  Guess who throws himself into the same carriage.
“No, of course not.  You’re perfect, John.  You’ve done nothing wrong.”
She dragged him along in excitement and they made their way down towards the dungeons.  When they reached Slughorn’s classroom, they found it empty.  Cecelia marched over to one of the desks that had a leftover cauldron on it and climbed up onto the stool behind it.  Balancing precariously, she leaned forward on her knees to peer inside.  Sherlock quickly rushed to hold her up with a hand on her back.  She sat back on her heels with a pout to glare up at him.
John decides it's finally time to approach Sherlock about his sleeping habits after another night in bed alone.  Revelations are had, understandings are made, and when they finally get down to working on Sherlock's magic, they discover something unexpected about the Holmes family.
The corridors were silent and empty as he followed the familiar path down to the dungeons.  Some of Sherlock’s favourite times to explore were when students were in classes, leaving him alone and yet surrounded by the occasional sound of a professor drawling on, quills against parchment, and spells being performed and perfected.  The students normally let him be even when they did meet in the corridors, occasionally watching him with curious eyes and an even less often hello.  He thought he would find the constant presence of so many children annoying, but he found them fascinating to observe.  The respect that he held as an adult over a group of teenagers helped erase much of the awkwardness he often experienced when dealing with other children when he was young.
He moved in a few days after John, silently accepting the side of the room with the window that John graciously left for him. He didn’t hang up any posters, no whiteboards for a schedule or photos from home to give John any clue about who he was. He seemed to keep to himself for the most part, remaining on his side of the room unless it was time for one of his classes and never mentioning bringing friends over or going out for anything. John didn’t know if it was because he was particularly focused on his schoolwork or couldn’t be bothered to make new friends, but John was determined to make sure he had at least John to count on as a companion.
Sherlock shook his head vigorously.  “That isn’t me.  John, I didn’t cast any spell.”
Settling into a comfortable position, Sherlock continued to lave at John’s neck as he rubbed his hand against John’s covered chest. Once he reached the top of his waistcoat, he ran his index finger along the edge, brushing just barely against John’s skin. His other hand wiggled between their bodies, attempting to unbutton the front. His wiggling rubbed their fronts together and they both groaned, getting briefly lost in the friction their bodies made against each other while clothed. Sherlock grumbled and abruptly sat up, swinging his leg around to properly straddle John rather than simply sprawl over him. He grasped both sides of John’s waistcoat and yanked, sending a spray of buttons everywhere as they broke apart.
It wasn’t until nearly a week after they first arrived at Hogwarts that John heard anything from Harry.  As soon as the owl arrived, he rushed out to find Sherlock on the grounds.  He’d gained a further interest in studying Potions during his nightly discussions with Snape and had gone down to the greenhouses to speak with Neville about plants often used as ingredients.  John encouraged him to go and bring Cecelia with him, hoping some time out in the fresh air would do them both well.  Since they arrived at Hogwarts, Sherlock had been acting a bit off, and John wasn’t sure if it was some sort of illness or an after effect of everything that had happened.  Regardless, John knew getting away from the dusty library and immersing himself into a subject he was passionate about would certainly help.
knew?” John asked the room.  Nearly everyone shifted uncomfortably in their seats.  “Why didn’t anyone
“What would you know of it?” Sherlock snapped, untangling his long limbs and rising to his feet.  “What could this possibly be about for John to discuss it with you and not me?”
Sherlock popped up in the sitting room doorway.  “Molly.  I just finished clearing up my things in the kitchen, John.  Just give me a moment to change and I’ll be ready to go.”
"Right, yeah, hi.  John Watson.  Olivia’s dad.”
As he stepped inside, however, he noticed that all of the lights in the sitting room had been turned off.  Instead, the glow of a newly built up fire cast the room in a vaguely golden glow.  Distracted by what Sherlock could be doing, he left the kitchen without his tea to find him.
“It should be waiting outside,” Mycroft replied.  He went to pull on his coat from where it hung on the hook over his shoulder and James grabbed it in one hand to help.  Mycroft froze for a moment, but quickly relaxed.  James smoothed the material over his shoulders and patted them down, his hand shaking slightly.  In reply, Mycroft placed one of his own over it and squeezed.
Sherlock practically twitched in his enthusiasm.  “It’s not the energy itself that could help, per say, but more the idea of it that could have an effect on me.  Potential energy is what something contains in regard to various factors, both external and internal.  We’ve already helped the magic inside me amplify its potential by increasing its ability to perform, by getting me my own wand to channel it and teaching me the proper techniques.  But potential energy also factors in with internal aspects and how that affects the energy that’s produced.  If I am the representation of the potential energy, that means my magic – the physical manifestation of the energy that will result from the potential – is only as strong as each of the aspects of potential available.  If my mind doesn’t have the confidence to believe that I can perform the spell, the amount of potential there is significantly less than it could be and therefore does not result in a strong output after the spell is performed.”
He heard a muffled buzz from somewhere deeper in the flat and cocked his head in confusion.  Reaching into his sleeve, he slipped out his wand and snuck towards Sherlock’s room, where he suspected the noise came from originally.  The door stood somewhat ajar and John nudged it with his foot to peer inside.
*rising out of the dust like Mushu in Mulan* I LIIIIIIVE.  Yeah, I know, it's been ages, and I am sorry.  Between the holidays and some personal drama at the beginning of the month, it's been a struggle to motivate myself.  I was hoping to get this up yesterday on the actual January 29th anniversary, but this is close enough.  This is another chapter where I'm gonna give you another big old TRIGGER WARNING for harassment and very slight unwanted touching from Doyle because he's a dick.  This will be the second to last chapter where that is included, so not too much more to go.  We're about to get into the Real Drama soon and boy oh boy am I excited.
He was able to keep the threat of a blush down to nothing more than a slight pink twinge high on his cheeks, but John felt certain McGonagall noticed it regardless.  “Oh no, no need to apologize,” he continued quickly.  “I’m sure he would have figured it out eventually – honestly, I’m surprised it took this long.  Actually, it was more something that happened today…I take it you know I help him consult on criminal cases?”
“You didn’t know because I didn’t want you to,” Sherlock said.  He squeezed John’s hand, which he still held through their argument.  “I’m sorry as well.  I should have known that you wouldn’t think less of me for asking for help, but I truly did think I could take care of it on my own.”
“’Course it’s okay,” John replied quickly.  “More than okay.  That was a brilliant idea, love.”  He grabbed Sherlock’s shirt and mashed their lips together.  On his lap, Rosie rolled her eyes and clutched her otters tighter.
John let out a yell and shot up into nearly a sitting position, managing to catch himself on his elbows before he fell fully back onto the bed. Sherlock gave a single great suck, his cheeks hollowing out as he shifted John’s cock further back into his throat. He huffed out a breath from his nose and dragged his mouth back up, moving almost impossibly slowly. John’s eyes rolled back as he closed them and he let himself fall back with a small thump. As Sherlock reached the crown, he released it with a pop and watched John heave in a few breaths.
“Good.” John pulled him against his chest and wrapped his arms and legs around him. “And I wouldn’t mind exploring some of those things you’ve got hidden around in here. You are a constant, amazing surprise, Sherlock Holmes.” Laughing lightly, Sherlock buried himself against John’s chest and they both fell into a contented sleep.
“Thanks – we’ll be over in just a bit!”  He pulled his head back out and sat on his heels to look around at the other two.  “Right, so we’re doing this now?”
Sherlock released John’s hand and immediately darted towards their clothes and his bag, which looked like they had been left alone. He knelt down on one knee to rummage through the pile, giving John a flash of the gem plug he still wore. John swallowed his moan and went to the sink to wash his hands, trying not to think about what he’d hoped would happen with that plug later. After what just happened in the hallway, he thought perhaps something more could come from that look of longing he spotted in Sherlock’s eyes as he set him on the floor, but he was reminded that it was all for the case when they found the mess. As he scrubbed Sherlock’s come off his hands, though, he felt a wave of shame at using Sherlock just for his own satisfaction. Resolving himself to focus only on the case, he turned back to face Sherlock and see what he’d found.
John barked out a laugh and started going through the pile of boots, looking for something to match the rest of his outfit. When he straightened, a pair of comfortable black boots on his feet, he found Sherlock adjusting his own shiny black shoes. They were a pair of midnight pumps, the sole peeking from behind the skinny heel a bright gold to match the rest of their clothes, and fit him so perfectly that they also had to be custom made. John barely managed to drag his eyes up the miles of legs they seemed to give Sherlock to reach his face, where he met another mouthwatering surprise. His lips were painted a dark red, the same shade their culprit used a few days before. The colour only enhanced his already beautiful lips, and John wanted to kiss all signs of it off him to watch him put the lipstick back on again.
Mycroft, as expected, remained stoically unresponsive.  James blinked and glanced at him from the corner of his eye, but his expression remained open and interested.  Greg and Molly, meanwhile, shot each other guilty looks before distracting themselves with their drinks.  John looked from one person to another before breathing out a laugh that was half disbelief and half frustration.
John’s eyebrow raised and he set aside his mug, standing and heading towards the stairs.  Behind him, he heard Sherlock shuffling around to struggle and stand, mumbling that it was nothing and that they should finish unpacking first.  John ignored him and headed up the steps to pull open the door.  As soon as he did, he stood frozen in the doorway gaping around at the room that once was entirely familiar and now had become something completely new.
Sherlock was silent, his eyes fixed on Cecelia’s sleeping face.  He brushed a hand over her forehead, its size dwarfing her already tiny form, but the motion was as gentle as his movements when he conducted a fragile experiment.  His reply was low, but the almost dead quiet of the room allowed it to be easily carried.  “It was supposed to be what you wanted.  A proper family with a proper life.  No fear of whether you’d be home uninjured that night, that something would happen to ruin everything.  It was supposed to be perfect because that’s what you deserve.”
"What're you doing?" John was a bit overwhelmed.
"Sorry, I am so excited to meet my fellow countrymen here, perhaps make you feel presumptuous." The officer smiled a little shyly, somewhat less in tune with his majestic uniform. He even seemed a little bit lovely childish when he smiled. "Especially young people like you are very rare. Most British come here to work, about business or political, all are wily old birds, seem so nasty.”
On the deck, Sherlock leant against the railing, one foot on the iron branch, looking at the distance, just like the day he first met John - but now, behind him would not appear the warm smile and laughing blue eyes, his John.
"Wait," John remembered. "Why he mentioned those habits and the drugs squad?"
When Victor was back to home on vacation, John tried holding Sherlock in his arms and sleeping with him in his dormitory’s single bed. That night, John woke up by the heat from his lower body, he found that his prick was wrapping around by Sherlock’s warm wet lips, Sherlock 's fingers already painted with paste and wanted to touch his buttocks.
John stared at Sherlock, speechless.
John shook while hearing that.
Through those eyes, Sherlock realized that John had regretted marrying Mary just out of pity and guilt: he thought his parents might not die if Mary and the kid stayed by their side; he thought Mary would be happier if she had not entangled with him; he thought himself was useless, only messed things up...
"Treble." Adler smiled, her lips leant against his ear and said a number.
"It might be good for you to have some experiences, but don’t take it too seriously, just for fun," Mycroft smirked with a hateful expression.
"Your colleague told me that you were on holiday and then gave me here’s address." She was totally reluctant to raise her head as if avoiding to face John, and her voice was trembling with tears. "Sorry to disturb you ... I'm sorry ..."
