Steve sighed, a look of pure pain crossing his gentle features. "You have to be kidding. What's wrong with it?"
"Yeah...um thanks. "
Clint shrugged. "Naw. Maybe just a shot in the leg or some shit. She loves me." Clint said matter-of-factly.
Steve asked taking a quick sip of his orange juice. Watching Tony patiently.
Angie smiled brightly. "I have just the thing..one moment please.
Tony smiled back at Clint. A wistful soft smile. "Yeah...sec. Gotta brush teeth and fix hair."
"May I offer a suggestion sir?"
------------------O----------------------
Steve grinned. "You'll see Shellhead."
Steve got that *Captain America* concerned look again. Tony looked back down to his paper. "Maybe she would just enjoy your company."
Tony sprinted out of his bathroom pointing at his hair "Well?" He worried his bottom lip.
Steve pulled the vehicle to the side of the road. Thankfully there were just trees. Tony wrenched himself out of the seat to the side of the car. A dizziness overtook him. Oh god. What if he puked?
Steve bit his bottom lip, eyes fluttering shut as Tony answered. He swallowed hard, trying to control his raging emotions as well as his libido. Tony Stark wanted him. Not just for sex, a one night stand, but for an honest-to-God relationship. And that was a heady drug indeed. Steve slid his left hand up under Tony's chin, his eyes snapping open as he tilted Tony's head up and watching carefully as he ran his lips gently over Tony's.
"I...I'm sorry.."
"You look great, really. Now get your sexy Stark ass down there." Clint motioned to his suite door.
"Come on Tony. You need to go to bed." Steve's voice poured over him wrapping him in a cocoon of warmth.
Natasha, Bruce and Clint stood in the communal living room. Natasha looked at Clint and Bruce. "You both owe me a hundred. I just knew Cap wasn't a Prude. He is proper. There is a difference.
"Steven?!?" Tony craned his neck to see what Steve was doing. He saw one of the sauce bottles near them. "Nnnnnnfuck ! Baby! Thats. Oh my god.." Tony panted hard shoving his back into Steve's hand shivering at the coolness of the liquid Steve used for lube.
"Goodnight Tony" Steve brought Tony's hand to his lips. Kissing it chastely.
"How bad?" Tony sighed irritatingly.
The After Party Chapter Two
Tony laughed out loud "Oh Captain, my Captain" Tony crowed playfully. Looping his left arm around Steve's neck. "Let's". Tony agreed leaning up sprinkling soft kisses on the sides of Steve's jaw and neck as they headed out of the lab.
"Huh. Yeah. Just. A little lightheaded. Probably need food Baby. That snd uhhh been holding that in for awhile you know?" Tony replied dazedly. "Baby your crying" Tony mentioned half out of it but happy.
Clint tried not to grin. "I dunno. I mean. Steve Rogers man, he may take one look and think you forgot to brush your hair."
"Shit, sorry." Tony dismissed his stomach in favor of changing the subject. "Cap. Weirdest question in the world. You ready?"
Steve didn't look at Tony this time, but his voice carried a lighthearted tone. He was grinning softly as He heard Tony's stomach ask the question his mouth didn't get to in time *When's breakfast?*
"You know Sweetheart. That kinda sounded like vows."
"Pfffft no. I'm scared J. Duh"
Steve's smile simmered into a soft stare. There was a sensuality about the stare stirring Tony's groin. "Yeah...he um. He's about five foot nine..."
"Dude, if you do get it out now before he kisses you later."
Just like Steve promised. A small cliff with two trees twisted naturally together forming one large tree. Soft green grass and a big romantic moon.
Steve whistled while drying off after his shower. He looked at his dog tags. He didn't even know why he still wore them. Habit? Maybe. He grinned to himself. Maybe Tony would like them.  He remembered Tony's appearance as he came downstairs from R & D. He reminded Steve of the guys back in the motor pools in his day. He shook his head. Bringing himself back to the present and put his dog tags on and dressed. Maybe after a few more dates. He worried about Tony and the idea of commitment.  Would he cheat? Would he get bored?  Steve shook his head.  Can't be think about the negative stuff. Steve knew what he felt for Tony. Which is why he hated arguing with him.  Steve figured it was the Tesseract's fault. He took one final look in the mirror, cleared his throat and head out towards the communal areas.
Clint held up his hands defensively mirroring Tony's grin. "Whoa whoa. Just seeing how your doing is all."
Clint shrugged. It was boring as fuck, that was his story and was sticking to it.
Tony shook his head no. His own smirk tugging at the corners of his mouth. A sensual gaze staring back at the Captain. "Mmmmnope. But. I dunno if I can walk Cap. Between you and this cut here. You may have to carry me to the Penthouse bridal style Baby."
. The dance on the roof last week went wonderfully. But Steve, in good old fashion manner was still so new at this.  He took one last look in the luxurious mirror and nodded.
Tony looked back at Steve. A bit of relief flooding his face. "I...I know. Just not used to this is all. It's usually when I reach for alcohol. Gala Events are hell.
There were snickers in the group.
Tony moaned into the happy surprise returning the affection.
Steve broke his staring spell with a bright smile. "Well...see. There's this man I'm looking for."
--------------------O-------------------
"Oh yeah? Describe him. Maybe I could help you out?" Tony slowly wrapped his arms loosely around the Captain's neck. Mirth dancing in his chocolate orbs.
Tony never heard the quiet laugh. He felt the pooling of intense heat in his lower abdomen. His sac tightening almost painfully.
Steve maneuvered himself into a smart about face and exited his room. His face lit up upon seeing Natasha in the living room. She was looking softer in sleek black Denim low rise jeans and a pastel pink sweater. Focused texting on her Starkphone.
Tony chuckled lightly. "Mm." He made the noncommittal sound. "Well, I don't feel as scared.  Just....I don't know Clint. He seems to really enjoy my company. He's real sweet when we go out. Even here at home. To be honest I feel like a damn teenager. It kind of freaks me out. What's worse is. I'm pretty damn sure I'm in love. Do NOT breathe a word of this. I'm holding you to Bro Code." Tony looked serious for a moment.
It was all Steve could do to finally release the kiss. It was a fleeting preview of Tony's taste and soft lips framed by the luxurious and surprisingly soft mustache and goatee. He wanted more.
"Shit!"
Tony's mouth curled into a slow smile. Okay. Weird. But good weird right?  Tony stifled down the excitement to hurry up.  Of course he hurried.
It was movie night. The Avengers settled on the Indiana Jones Trilogy with the promise from Steve Rogers that he wouldn't try to interrupt the movies with historical facts. They learned this during "The Sound of Music".
Tony nodded yes squeezing the hand wrapped around his heat. "Mmmhmmm Baby your soooo good. Please. Please don't stop."  Tony felt the twinge of something warm blossom beneath the arc reactor as his heavy muscle throbbed in Steve's hand.
There were a few nightmares. Even a few worrisome moments that seemingly came out of nowhere but calmed. Tony had no clue that PTSD was starting to settle in so he figured it was nothing to worry about.
Steve laughed out loud at the witty banter between Tony and his AI. Shaking his head, he watched as Jarvis agreed to Tony's commands. He couldn't help but sympathize with Tony's frustration, but he was slightly concerned by the fact that Tony was about to get hurt. He closed his eyes, determined not to look and see-- or feel that damn twinge he always felt when Tony was injured.
Steve felt a burst of butterflies in his stomach and his cock twitched. His voice came out in an aroused growl. "Then do it Tony. Stop teasing me!"
"What?" Steve looked over at Tony absolutely confused. Tony was looking out the window.
Tony opened his throat fully. Choking a little at first Tony pushed it back loving the feel of how full His mouth and throat hole was. His opening clenching and unclenching at the thought of this heat deep inside of him clawing down his throat and trickling a cruel tease aling his spine. Tony nodded at Steve's warning. Tony was his to abuse the Captain's personal flesh shield. His eyes meeting the feral blue's of Steve's normally calm and sweet Mediterranean's. He concentrated. He could feel that familiar tightness roll in his abdomen. He wanted to cum with his Captain.
"Sir. A slight problem"
"Mkay. Night Steve."
Steve chuckled. He stopped when he noticed Natasha's brows furrow suddenly.
Tony nodded looking down at the floor. Taking his dick in hand he slapped it a few times on the cold tile floor the pain was enough to soften himself to control himself better. Leaning forward more. Tony made sure his ass was out and up in the air for his Captain  to see. He wanted to please his Sir. Not just with his mouth. All five senses will be involved here. Something told Tony, Steve would appreciate this where others would not. Placing his hands behind his back accenting his protruded ass Tony leaned all the way down and forward alighting a feather kiss atop each naked foot. Gently. Gauging Steve's reaction.
Steve cleared his throat as Tony walked past. The fresh clean scent of sage and bergamot tickling Steve's nose.
"Goodnight Tony". Steve stared at the door for a few minutes after Tony entered his suite. Leaving silently for his own room.
Steve cocked his head. "Problem, Tony? Why aren't we half-way back to Avengers Tower yet?"
Tony's eyes widened as he felt a large warm hand pull his. He clumsily fell onto the blanket and partially into the soldiers firm arms. The hand let go of Tony's and encircled his waste the other supporting Tony's head, damned if he didn't feel like he was in some black and white romance on old TV.
Tony let out a sharp breath at Steve's sudden actions. His touch on Tony's thighs shooting straight to his groin. "AHH! I...uhhh. Usually not so well Captain. You should know this by now." Tony growled out hotly. "Why do you ask?" Tony's voice was low. More breath than tone.
"Shut up Steven" Tony's red deepened. The color now skating lightly over his nose. "I mean. I don't mind. This is probably the most sensual thing I've ever seen. Well. Shit. What I'm trying to say at the moment is. You wear predatory like a fine suit.  Tony blew out a breath. It was forced and heavy as he squirmed slightly on top of the counter.
"Well. Is there a message you'd like me to give him?" Tony pressed the length of his body closer to Steve's.
"...10" Tony corrected quietly
"Do I get to call you Dr. Phil?" Tony felt a little bile raise in his throat. He never thought he would miss Agent. No memorial, no funeral. Nothing just wiped. He swallowed thickly pushing it down.
"They are wildflowers. They grow under any conditions." Angie was proud of herself. She wasn't sure exactly who they were for, but there were rumors.
"The pronoun game?...oh" Steve sat back further on the couch. Realizing Tony meant a guy.  Okay. Pressure cooker in Steve's gut reaching danger level. Tony was silent. "Well he is stupid if he doesn't give you a chance."
Tony nodded to nothing. "Do it Jarvis. Just don't break me understood?" The emergency gantry whirred to life fully. It sounded positively monstrous.
3. To report all violations of orders I am instructed to enforce.
"Oooh getting fancy Rogers?" Natasha asked. Eyeing the items with her approval.
★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★
Tony stepped into the communal living areas heading for the kitchen  just as Steve stepped out from the kitchen quickly allocating whatever was in his hands behind his back.
"Ready as I'll ever be, metal man. As for confusion in the bedroom, I think it's safe to say I can take you, or follow your lead, whichever you prefer, provided you get us there like five minutes ago."
7. To talk to no one except in line of duty.
Steve swallowed and took in his own breath. He knew a PTSD attack when he saw one. "Tony..."  "Steve, please." Tony turned around slowly, barely looking up at Steve.  "We both know I'm a moody son of a bitch so if we can just forget this that would be.." Tony was cut short as he felt the taller male gently crush him into a warm embrace. "I know Tony, it sucks. I get it too." Steve softly whispered about his broken self into Tony's hair. Trying to let the smaller man in his arms that at least he's not alone. Tony buried his face into Steve's chest. He felt ultimately dumb but relieved Steve wasn't angry with him.
Tony shook his head no "Nnnfs'okay. Me ... Nnn either...just...FUCK ME STEVE!" Tony cried out in partial pain and all need. Tony began bucking back hard. Showing Steve he could take it.
Tony walked in confidently in a dark grey suit replete with a maroon button down and matching tie. Compliments of Armani. He still wore his Ray-bans. "Heya Cap. You okay?"
Clint asked, curious of his friends philosophy.
"Yeah and I just woke up. Meaning. Its too early." Tony stated walking past Clint and Natasha. "JARVIS. Coffee."  The coffee began perking. " I have a broom?" Tony asked looking a little surprised.  Natasha stopped sweeping for a moment. Long enough to glare in silent threat.  "Sorrrrrry. Jeez. Its just that I have Roomba's for this shit." Tony exited the kitchen heading for the couch. Thinking it wise. Steve shook his head. He followed Tony to the couch.
"...9" Steve amended maintaining his sultry stare. Tony chuckled a little. Meeting the taller man's gaze. "Dark thick hair. Chocolate-golden eyes. Cocky attitude...absolutely beautiful. You seen him?"
"J, inspect the torque on the spine and reconfigure the optical cluster." Tony asked as he brought up the Mark VII.
Tony's head snapped up in surprise.
★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★
Steve's brow furrowed in concern. "We don't have to go somewhere public we can go anywhere you want."
"Oh yeah?" Tony moved in closer looking up at Steve through dark lashes. "Would you Darling? Maybe when all the men go to sleep I can slice you a piece of the pie in just my apron..would you like that Dollface?" Tony cooed.
Steve turned off the water when he heard Tony's voice. "Thanks... You know, I don't even know what to call you. Sweetheart? Darling? Honey buns?" At that last, Steve's laughter rang out through the bathroom.
Tony held his breath as if he let it out, the moment would abruptly seize. This was perfection. Dreams realized. Swallowing thickly he looked at the bright blue's of his Captain.
"Clint, I think I might throw up."
Steve looked down at himself suddenly overly worried.
Steve felt the air in the Audi change drastically, it was so sudden. Steve's brows furrowed. "No Tony. It's okay. I figured since you call me Cap it was okay." Steve answered defensively. He winced inside when he heard his voice.
Once the transaction was made Steve bolted out happy as a lark. He hoped Tony would love the bouquet.
It's in these moments Tony feels ridiculous. Feels the wetness gloss over his eyes. Blinking the salt water away. Because what grown man calls their own tears, tears?
Angie flushed red, but she nodded politely "Of course. What is your date like?"
"Um.  Bout that mouth to mouth staying in for the night part..." Tony mused aloud. His eyes dreamy and focused on Steve.
Steve ducked his head. (Natasha counted at least twenty of these a day. He was on number fourteen). "Naw. Not fancy. I just like mixing it up for Tony."
★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★
Tony walked into the kitchen. Steve was making breakfast which was nothing out of the norm. Except nothing with Tony is normal.
No one was around in the living room, he heard Clint milling around in the kitchen. Whistling. Hearing a throat clearing he turned to the direction of the sound. His eyes softened as he felt his mouth go slightly dry.
"Yeah actually there is.."  Steve placed one hand upon Tony's hip. The other on his right cheek. His mouth covering Tony's in a soft yet dangerously deep kiss.
Steve laughed softly as he wrapped his hand around Tony's cock, stroking slowly but firmly. He leaned into Tony until his could whisper in his ear. "Hardly. I just want to watch you cum for me. I want to feel your cock twitch and pulse and know I'm the reason why. I want to lick your cum from my hand while you watch. Mmm Tony I want to see your face, look into your eyes and hear you scream my name when you cum." Steve but Tony's ear gently and waited for Tony's reaction.
Tony laughed fully, uninhibited and beautiful. "Okay. Thats adorable. Hummm yes I do. Yeah. Your far from Vanilla. I stand soiled and corrected." Tony held out his arms in a mock surrendering gesture. "But first. Shower m'dear" Tony's eyes glittered with the peek of a little shaft of sunlight entering the penthouse suite.
Tony checked his shirt and pants in the mirror. Once satisfied he turned to look at Clint. "I thought if he asked to marry me tonight what would I say. I didn't hesitate in my mind when I answered myself back with a yes. Weird huh?"
"When were you looking at my ass Barton?"
Steve hoisted Tony up in his arms bridal style and really that shouldn't be okay, but it was. "Cap, the fuck, put me down." Tony complained half-heartedly.
Steve nodded. "A shower sounds heavenly. Um, but maybe we should go one at a time?" A teasing note entered his voice. "Because I'm pretty sure you can turn heaven naughty in just under five seconds."
--------------------O--------------------
"No account for affects the taste is amazing. Its a 25 year old malted scotch. You sure?"
Tony smiled brightly and chuckled into Steve's chest "yeahhhhhh maybe we should unglue. Shower?" Tony didn't look up. A part of him still disbelieving that Captain America, Steve Rogers would want anything to do with the likes of him. He was happy. He could stay in this mans arms the rest of his life and that would be okay. Tony felt the self doubt and depreciation trying to creep in. He pressed further into Steve. Hoping the larger male could protect him from himself. It was nice here. He felt free with Steve. Alive.
"Where's the flowers?"
Tony growled.
Tony looked around. The yellow neon sign scrolled in cursive Yakity Sax. It had two plush ficus's at the entrance. People milled about. They all looked classy.
Why have a child when you can have a hyper super soldier right?" Tony teased getting up slowly from the couch. Happy that the dizziness was gone finally. "Let's go indeed." Tony was exhausted he didn't have Steve's energy, but he would damn sure try. He had to. Afraid of becoming boring he hooked his arm in his boyfriend's. The prospect of what he said along with what Steve got excited about really did thrill him. So why not? Screw sleep.
"Huh? Oh no. Not yet." Tony scrubbed his hand through his hair looking bleary-eyed.
Tony's mind was reeling "Whoa, whoa. Okay. Fuck I can't believe I just stopped that.  Ummmm. WOWZA ooooookaaaaay.  I um. I know I've been a man of loose morals and all and trust me, wanting you is not the issue here. Just..so much. Trying to process" Tony made a momentary duck face then motor boated his own lips looking suddenly very shy. His eyes pleaded to Steve for forgiveness.
"Very good sir"
To all of those who wish a continuation. Here is chapter one of part two. Enjoy!
the cold floor beneath them, as well as the rapidly cooling stickiness of Tony's cum on both of them. He dropped a kiss on Tony's head, then mumbled teasingly into Tony's hair. "Tony, as much as I'd love to sit here all night, I think we should go somewhere more comfortable."
Steve couldn't believe it. Tony Stark was actually pressing into him, kissing him back softly, and it was like a dream come true. But as nice as this fairy tale was, Steve wanted more. Reluctantly he broke  away, waiting for Tony to come around before he spoke.
Steve tightened his grip on Tony, lowering his head to press a quick kiss to Tony's cheek as the elevator doors opened after what seemed like an eternal wait. Steve stepped out into the spacious living area of the penthouse. He headed straight for Tony's room, then had a better idea. He adjusted his direction, and headed for the kitchen. Once there, he set Tony down on the counter and opened the fridge, rummaging around inside.
Tony was already in the kitchen grinning to himself. This was his life.
--------------------O--------------------
"Its too early for this shit." Tony complained rubbing his eyes. Because really, he needed to stop staring at Steve.
--------------------------------------------------
"What are you afraid of? Do they know you at all?" Steve asked carefully.
Steve rushed around the car to Tony. One hand automatically on his back. Tony breathed deep just like Bruce taught him to during their meditations.  Fuck psychiatric help.  After a few moments, Tony stood up. His back to Steve and completely embarrassed. "Sorry. Sometimes that happens. I'm good."
Tony snorted. "Uh huh. Sure ya do. Gotta admit. Tasha's is pretty fine."
"Cool I won't fall asleep this time."
Tony chuckled. "Doesn't surprise me. It's Nat".
Clint stated casually.
. Tony thought to himself grimly. Shaking his head he scrubbed his face like trying to get rid of the intrusive thought and headed to his bathroom. "I got the clothes Baby" Tony interrupted Steve smiling at the shower.
"What? I know a thing or two about a thing or two."  Everyone laughed lightly including Clint.
"Yep. Complimented him too." Tony walked to his bar pouring a small glass of  Glendronach on the rocks.
Clint's grin grew bigger. "I look at  everyones ass Stark. Don't think your too special."
"Sonofagun..." Steve whispered to himself feeling his ears go red hot with the embarrassment of his own obliviousness.
"Did you speak of these feelings to the Captain sir?"
"S'okay. Gotta do this one last adjustment on my..."
“Is that...is that supposed to be Robin Hood?” Steve asks, somewhat incredulously.
When a shadow moves overhead, he immediately sinks into a crouch, thinking that one of the many winged statues is priming for an attack.  It’s only when he hears a familiar filtered voice overhead that he straightens.
“Traitor.”  He walks around to the closet he built for times when he has to pull off a quick wardrobe change.  A blazer over a Pink Floyd t-shirt is the epitome of style, no matter what anyone else says.
Tony makes an inarticulate noise, more like a screech really, but presses on.  “What about school?  You must have at least had some brief taste of reality there?”
Tasha sighs again, although now she just looks disappointed.  “Whatever floats your boat, Cap.  Offer stands, though.  You can serve as my plus one anytime.”
No, he just figures he’ll do what he does best:  suffer silently.  It seems to be working out so far.
“What?” Iron Man asks.
When he sees Fury walk out of the darkness, his not quite sure whether to feel comforted or alarmed.  It seems as if he’s alone, but he trusts SHIELD about as far as his puny human self can throw them.  He clutches his backpack a bit closer.
, his mind supplies.
of it…yeah, Shellhead, I’m envious.”
the other day.
is not the way to go about it.  That’s the surest way to give yourself a migraine as your brain slowly rots away.  If you want to understand the world, you have to
At times like these, he’s grateful for the suit.  Encased in armor like he is, no one can see him shaking, either from nerves or exhaustion or both.
he gets it.  Satisfied, Steve turns to go back upstairs, but he can’t help but throw one last parting shot over his shoulder.
“With all due respect, how do you know that if you won’t even put me in the field?”
“No,” Steve answers.  “And the worst thing is, it’s not like there’s anything to come back to.  Every therapist they make me see keeps suggesting I reconnect with people or places that feel familiar, or to take up old hobbies, but how the hell is that supposed to help?  All of the friends I had were military, and my family’s dead.  I’m not sure I even know where home is anymore.”
. But it’s four minutes until twelve and they really don’t have time if he wants to clear the room by midnight. He’ll get his vengeance tomorrow, though.
Natasha shakes her head. “Not as much as you’d think. One of the biggest mistakes first time undercover agents make is their proclivity to overshare things. They spend so much time studying a profile and internalizing a backstory that they can recite it in their sleep. But the best cover story is the one you don’t need. It provides a framework for your character, but you don't necessarily have to share it all. Think about it. When you first meet someone, is your first instinct to give them every personal detail?”
“I’m sure you’ll figure it out,” he responds, deliberately dropping his voice.  Tony’s eyes widen, his pupils expanding to overshadow his irises, and
“I’m here,” Steve replies, for lack of a better response.
Yeah, that’s why.
Tony looks him straight in the eye, his former disbelief giving way to something harder and more resolute.  “Okay, to recap, you’re pretty much clueless about anything that’s gone on in the normal world over the last couple of decades?  No television, no movies, no tech outside of whatever second rate things the military chose to throw at you?”
“No, you’re not,” Natasha answers calmly.  “Not even I can manage to toss you this frequently.  What gives?”
“Yeah, he doesn’t look like he’s up for talking.”
“He’s great,” Steve says as he turns back to look at Tony.  Dum-E seems unappreciative of the interruption and nudges Steve to continue his ministrations.
Tony calms down, though his voice is still unbalanced.  “We’re watching
“No, stop!” Stark shouts from behind him, his hand reaching out to grasp Steve’s shoulder.  “That’s just Dum-E, he’s not...Dum-E, no, back to your charging station!  Back.  Just no, you’re already too late on fire safety.”
be shatterproof.”  Steve drops his head and tries not to make eye contact.  “Anyway,” Tony continues, “how’s the setup going?  Figuring everything out?”
He makes sure to fly out far enough, each second of pain an added assurance that this bastard won’t make his way back to land.  He waits till he’s in the middle of the river, smack dab over the deepest part before he moves to disengage his fingers, only to find that his hands won’t budge.
He’s never really seen Tony blush before, but the slight tinge of red on his cheeks is utterly captivating and, more importantly, makes him think he stands a chance.  He rotates just the slightest bit so that his body is squared with Tony’s and forces himself to look the other man in the eye.
“Bounce a repulsor blast off the shield.”  Even though it’s been months since they’ve done this, the man in the suit immediately catches on, raises his hand, and aims a steady beam at the metal disc.
Tony doesn’t get an answer so much as he got a sputter.  Apparently, his casual, definitely platonic dinner invitation was cause for a massive choking fit and desperate gasps for air.   He tries to keep the smile pasted on his face, not wanting to let Steve see just how much he was invested in his response, but he can feel his grin dropping after a good five seconds of coughing.
Startled, Steve props himself up on his elbows.  The change of angle gives him a better view of whatever it is that’s causing that glow, although his brain has trouble processing the input.  It looks remarkably like…
He debates the merits of reading it, but the temptation proves too strong to resist.  After all, he can’t properly assess the information if he doesn’t have all the facts.  He swipes right and reads.
“Yes, this is it.”
Whatever brief purpose he’d found in this century disappeared with the disbandment of his team.  Now that that’s been taken away, his existence in this century is aimless and he doesn’t exactly know what he’s supposed to do. The prolonged stillness makes him realize truly how alone he is in this strange new world.
if she could just hate the woman, because then she could just stop thinking about her, could put her out of her mind once and for all, aside from Avengers-related business.  But each and every time she thinks Tasha’s crossed some sort of line in the sand, something that would allow Steph to mentally box up her personality and file her away once and for all, she does something considerate and the thought process goes back to square one.  It’s intensely frustrating.
“Worth the tights?” Natasha asks coyly.
“No.  That’s a bit too conspicuous, but Nat should bring it to the scene.”  He rummages into the bottom of his messenger bag, at last coming into contact with the rolled-up fabric.  He quickly snaps his wrist, causing the familiar colors to unroll, and pulls his civilian shirt over his head.  His hand reaches back in for the uniform pants when he realizes that Tony is being uncharacteristically silent.
“Hmm,” Stark shrugs noncommittally.  “So now what?  You’re back on desk duty?”
Tony should probably stop sniggering, but the situation is too hilarious for words.  Captain America can simultaneously hold a map New York City in his head and coordinate advanced tactical maneuvers, but he can’t handle a simple box step.
“I thought JARVIS didn’t have a physical form?” Steve snaps back with a smile on his face.
Silence.
“Yes, you’ve definitely suffered,” he says drolly as his eyes travel up and down the blonde man and take in his frankly obscene muscles.
Still, she must admit, when but comes to shove, Stark comes through.  She flies that nuke into space without a second’s hesitation, a decision that Steph’s all-too-intimately familiar with.  It hurts, Steph thinks, being on the other side of that interaction, being the one left on the ground not knowing if your team member’s going to make it back.
Steve tries to move his arm as quietly as possible, but Tasha’s neck is lodged pretty firmly on his bicep. Her face twitches as his arm clears her temple, and his kisses it softly.
The woman stands up, although she’s still hovering in mid air.  Steve has to crank his neck upwards to see her, and the height difference makes him very uncomfortable.  “No!” she insists, her voice rising.  “They are!  How do you not understand that?”
“Launch!”
“What are you doing here?”
“I’m right here,” he answers in a soft tone he doesn’t often allow himself to use within other people’s hearing, but he can’t stand hearing that broken, raspy note in Steve’s voice.  “What do you need?”  When the other man doesn’t answer, he tries a different approach.  “What happened?”
“I will,” he answers. Not coming back was never really on his mind. “I just need time to come to grips with things.”
“Actually, I work for SHIELD.  I just liaise with you.”  Tony glares at him, and Steve’s not sure he appreciates the distinction.  Steve regroups.  “Are you still going to work on the Helicarrier designs after you finish your hospital battery?”
Steve gives him a very deliberate once over.  “Right, because you’re obviously ancient.”
“A bachelor auction,” Steve answers.  “For the VA.”
That’s why this business trip is probably coming at a good time.  Until Pepper’s email (and JARVIS’ four reminders), he’d completely forgotten that he was scheduled to go and negotiate with staff in Beijing.  The timing’s inconvenient, and it totally throws a wrench in his current workflow, but maybe the distance will be helpful in sorting out what exactly Steve is to him.  He can’t exactly trust his better judgment when he’s around the man.  Space is good.  Space means clarity.
“No,” he replies, “I’m new.”  He looks slightly confused, as if he expects Tony to know more of what’s going on.  “My name is Steve,” he says, “Steve Rogers.”
“Now you’re all tense again. All my work has gone to waste.”
“There is no threat. Not yet, anyway. But there will be. It’s only a matter of time. If there’s one thing I’ve learned, it’s that there’s always a bigger threat looming around the corner. We can’t afford to stay fractured like this. We need to work on healing and getting stronger. And that starts with you and me. So let’s make with the Kumbaya.”
Tony gathered a decent amount of saliva in his mouth and then leaned in to start delivering big, wet licks. He sucked the head with a frown. Spit was a terrible lube, but it would be better than nothing at all between Tony's hand and Steve's dick. He bobbed his head a few times, no more than a quick tease before going back to sloppy licks along the shaft. Steve placed a hand gently on Tony’s head. It was the softest of touches, as if he wasn’t sure if it was okay, unwilling to push things further. It was a sharp contrast, this sweet careful touch, to the strength Tony knew those hands were capable of. He thought back, remembering pounding fists, torn sandbags, crushed metal, splintered logs, bruised and broken flesh. It seemed almost impossible that the same hands that had done all that could now be so gentle. Tony spared a thought to what those hands would feel like elsewhere on his body, all over and inside. He shivered. No. That wasn’t what this was about.
“If you want…I can go, if you don’t want me to see whatever it is that he’s done.”
His smooth tone washed over Tony. It took a moment for the words to register. It’d been so long since Tony had heard that voice, too long. He’d missed it more than he’d realized. He wondered idly if Howard had ever felt like this. If he’d lain awake at night trying to remember the exact timbre with which Steve spoke? Is that why’d he’d been so fond of the original Captain America film reels? (Tony had emulated Howard’s old habit two nights ago. The reels had been grainy and a poor substitute for the real thing. He’d ended up passing out while watching old feed from the Ironman’s HUD.)
“Tony?”
“Not at all. I figured your plans had a 50/50 shot. I worked this out as a back-up.”
Steve remained silent and groaned as Tony pulled away at last. He splayed his legs open wider at Tony’s prompting. Steve didn't offer any protest and then Tony was pushing impossibly closer. He rocked gently back and forth as he worked his way deeper and deeper inside.
“I would touch you anywhere. Everywhere. Slowly, to savor it.”
Tony cooed softly as he floated back down, whispering sweet words and petting Steve’s hair. Steve let himself be held for a moment and nearly shook at the comfort he was no longer used to. And then the full situation came crashing back to him.
“Touch me now.”
His chest was smooth, just muscle where the RT had sat before. Steve had to wonder if Tony had taken some liberties when forming his dick too. Except he hadn’t, because they’d seen each other naked before and it wouldn’t be that much of a stretch to make it as big and tall as it was now. Steve felt his mouth start to water with all the talk of blowjobs, and the intensity of his desire to touch finally snapped him back from his hormone-addled state.
“What are you after here, Tony?”
A small part of him balked at taking off his shirt and bearing all his scars so easily. But he reasoned that in theory the sooner his shirt came off, the sooner Steve’s shirt would also come off. Even better, the sooner both their pants would be coming off. And clearly that was the ultimate goal here.
Steve wasn't a homosexual. He’d been with Jan for over a year, and been with Gail even longer before the ice. All the time he’d spent with them, he’d never found himself wishing they’d had a penis. Steve liked women, even if most of them did speak and act like men nowadays. He liked breasts. Steve wasn’t a poof.
I’ll Be Red With Another Arms
Tony toed off his shoes and settled in the high-back armchair next to the fireplace. The ice clinked faintly as it rocked in the amber liquor in his glass. The bottle sat half empty at his feet, within easy reach for the next pour. The window showed his reflection contemplating the crackling fire against the inky backdrop of the night. He sat, lost in his thoughts and idly sipping his drink, waiting.
“Maybe you need a reminder, hmm? Here. Clean this up.”
“Mmm yeah. Shiny and New,” Tony hummed happily as he undid the buttons of Steve’s shirt and pushed it off eagerly. He rubbed at Steve’s shoulders briefly, probably fascinated with the feeling of so much skin to touch, then glided his hands down to begin work on his pants.
Steve’s voice sounded breathless even to his own ears. Tony’s grin turned downright predatory. He got back on his knees, legs spread wide. At last, he finally went back to stroking his cock.  His pace was quicker this time and Steve nearly sobbed with relief as he felt himself getting close.
Tony’s eyebrows jumped, but he gave no other indication of surprise. With a quick salute he strolled over to the door. No one should be coming down here, but the last thing Steve needed was some aide or agent wandering in to see him half-dressed with Tony Stark. He pulled off the top half of his uniform, then after a moment’s hesitation stripped off his heavy boots and socks as well. He wriggled his toes and enjoyed the sensation of freedom. Steve glanced at the chair he’d been sitting in, decided he’d be more comfortable stretched out, and moved over to lay face down on the couch. He was happy to discover it was long and wide enough to fit him with room to spare. No doubt whoever had picked it out thought he might need to nap on it someday. He turned his head and watched Tony through slit eyes. The other man had taken a bottle from his pocket and was rubbing the liquid from it between his hands. He approached slowly and traced a single finger down the length of Steve’s spine.
“I’m sorry,” they said at the exact same time. It was silent again as they gaped at one another. Tony was first to speak again.
Tony’s eyes were still closed and his face remained impassive until Steve submitted to his request and Tony let out a small smile. His hand was smooth and soft, like a child’s. There were no scars or calluses from hours spent in his garage working on armor. Steve pressed a brief kiss to each of his fingers- the first real contact of his lips to Tony’s skin- then twined their hands together and settled in.
Instead of answering directly, Steve wrapped his arms around Tony and guided him down to lay beside him on the bed. He remembered the warmth and softness of Jan curled around him until only recently. Tony was nothing like her but he still brought Steve comfort all the same.
Tony pulled off Steve’s cock and looked up at the other man through his eyelashes. Steve’s head was tilted back, making his expression impossible to see. Tony took the short panting gasps as a sign he was doing good so far. He began massaging the turgid length with his fingertips, copying the gentle grasp in his hair. Steve’s hips pumped, trying to find the rhythm that had just been lost. He looked down at Tony with wide, confused eyes.
Steve grinned and nuzzled at the top of Tony’s head, feeling light and giddy for the first time since his break out.
The plug thudded loudly as it finally fell from Tony’s mouth.
“No, stay, please. I mean, if you don’t mind.”
“Earth- Well, who cares what the number is. Ripe for the saving. Our counterparts from this world are already dead so it will be easy enough to slot ourselves into life here. The whole miraculous return from the dead thing. I’m given to understand that before our counterparts died the superhero community was at war with each other. This Earth is a bit of a mess.”
“Thank you, Tony. I guess I don’t really understand why anyone would want to know all that information, but I’ll wear your fancy watch and let you know how it works.”
Steve licked the shell of Tony’s ear as he said this, nibbled at it, bit down. Tony moaned and writhed against him, turning to pant wetly against his cheek.
Tony had that grim, determined set to his face that meant he didn’t like what he was doing, but by God he would do it for the greater good. His voice only shook a little when he spoke.
So maybe Steve was a little bit curious. He was a healthy male in his sexual prime. A little experimentation couldn’t hurt. Besides, if anyone was gay in this scenario it was Tony; He was the one currently sucking cock. Getting fellatio from another man didn’t mean Steve was queer. A mouth was a mouth. It could just as easily be a woman kneeling between his legs. A woman with a wide, wet mouth that had definitely done this before. Tony took Steve down his throat while his fingers played with his sack. Oh gosh that felt good. Any fella would think so. Tony was good at this. If Steve didn’t say anything when a saliva-slick finger moved further back to swipe gently across his hole, it was because he was lost to the pleasure of having his cock stuffed down Tony’s throat. Then, if Steve just so happened to come apart as that finger pushed up to breach him, it was because he’d already been so close he couldn’t think straight anymore.
Well, Steve supposed, he could stay for a little while. He found the concept of television to be pretty exciting. He’d always loved pictures, but he’d never imagined the possibility of being able to watch cartoons and movies right at home whenever you wanted. Of course, he’d been so busy trying to catch up on sixty years of history and modern advances that he hadn’t had much time to really investigate the wonders of television.
Because despite being nearly 7,000 miles away, his thoughts are still back stateside with Steve.  Apparently, absence does make the heart grow fonder, along with all of those other saccharine cliches that secretly make him flinch.  Case in point; instead of reading up on the business meeting he’s supposed to chair in 30 minutes, he’s texting Steve from the limo:
moves.
“No, you weren’t listening.  We only started dating about a week ago.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve responds, head alternating between Tony’s face and the ceiling.  “I’ve just never met anyone like you before.”  Tony assumes the last statement was directed at JARVIS.
“Oh, I don’t know,” Steve shoots back as he watches Dum-E continuing to flip the phone open and shut, “he seems plenty happy to me.”
Steve had always been a light sleeper.  In his younger years, the slightest noise could jerk him awake in a second, and the serum had only made the instinct that much stronger.  One bump, one twitch out of the ordinary, and he could go from mid-dream to battle ready in an instant.  Lately, the skill hasn’t been put to much use; walls are much thicker now, and he technically isn’t in a combat zone.  Still, when the familiar hiss of the lab door sounds out for no apparent reason, old instincts come into play and jolt him into sudden alertness.  His eyes immediately gravitate toward the newly opened doors as he simultaneously straightens on the couch only to find…Tony?
“Tony, that’s really not – ”
“I’m sorry, you’re doing
“So what was it?” Iron Man asks after a moment.
He immediately recognizes his mistake.
“Nope.  You just managed to catch onto something sooner than I did.”
Pepper, it seems, has a different idea.  His usually poised assistant turned CEO has her face buried in her hands, the edges of her fingertips just brushing her hairline.  Noting that he’s reached a stopping point, she parts her hands just a little, so she can start speaking softly.
coming from somewhere on Natasha’s end of the line, and he briefly bites back a pang of jealousy.  He can’t help but feel that boredom is relative.
He opens up the line to the comlink.  “Um, guys, who moved the party?  I just dropped the world's most elaborate sparkler, and I’m sort of feeling underappreciated.”
His head snaps up.  A consequence of his back and forth with Steve is that he’s forgotten, oh yeah, he’s not alone in the limo.  Pepper, fabulous CEO that she is, is sitting across from him with an assortment of files and paperwork spread across her lap.  However, instead of flipping through the multitude of pages, she currently turned her eyes on him with an inquisitive look.
The inventor, who’s not supposed to be back in New York for at least another day, freezes in the entryway, his eyes locking on Steve in confusion.  “You’re here,” he says, somewhat dazed.
Fifteen minutes later, a stressed intern drops off far too many boxes at the door, and Stark is ripping open the packages like a kid at Christmas.  Steve is trying desperately not to give himself away.
He arrives to utter chaos.  The fight has shifted to Bethesda Terrace, and the remaining Avengers are battling a near comic array of authors, war heroes, animals, and political figures.  Apart from a few cuts and bruises, his team seems alright, but they’re fighting a strictly defensive battle.  Clint and Natasha seem to be primarily working as decoys, dodging and weaving around oncoming assailants until Iron Man can turn his repulsor blasts on them.  Still, with only one member of the team able to mount an effective offense, the odds are heavily stacked against them.  Let’s see if he can even the score.
information.  So far, he’s navigated from “Please show me a picture of Anthony Stark with first robot at MIT” to “Tony Stark MIT robot” to an article entitled “Tony Stark:  MIT’s Robotic Wonderkind.”  After skimming that article, he’d clicked on the blue “Stark Industries” link, read through some sort of encyclopedia page, jumped to a page on “Iron Man,” and was currently watching news footage of the Avengers fighting the Battle of New York.
She’s primed and ready. “You gonna make me stand out here in the hall?”
Since then, they've managed a somewhat friendlier relationship.  Phil was still on half-duty, but their few interactions had been more like two colleagues with mutual respect rather than one persona idolizing the other.  Fighting alien gods is a pretty leveling experience, he supposes.
.  THIS INNOVATION WILL REVOLUTIONIZE THE WORLD AS WE KNOW IT w
“As far as we can tell, there’s only one hostile we need to worry about.  We can’t be certain, but there’s someone who looks like a woman near on the edge of the Conservatory Water.  She’s not attacking anyone at the moment, but it appears as though she’s causing the statues to move.”
Yup, the AI is definitely enjoying this.  “These are,” he struggles to characterize the pictures, “most definitely something.”
“You have satellites?” Steve asks, somewhat taken aback, although by now he should really stop being surprised at the wealth of technology at Tony’s fingertips.  Tony elects not to answer and instead waits for JARVIS’ reply.
“You promise?”
From: Stark, Tony
To say Steve is surprised would be an understatement.  They’ve always kept their interactions to the lab, mainly because that’s where Tony spends most of his time, so he’s never really experienced all that much of the rest of Stark Tower.  He’s certainly never been inside what looks to be Tony’s bedroom.
are growing increasingly clipped.  Sooner or later, Stark’s going to crack, and when he does, Steve will be waiting.
Tasha somehow manages to be even louder when she’s not in the room.
“Spot on. Stark’s got his fingers in a lot of pies. He may be out of the weapons business, but that arc reactor is potentially the most powerful piece of tech on the planet now that the Tesseract’s gone. More to the point, he’s one of SHIELD’s most prolific contractors. That Helicarrier we flew to Stuttgart? All Stark. We don’t let him near our operating systems because the sneaky bastard’s too damn nosy, but most of our tech originates from Stark Industries.”
truth, which seems to be the slogan for their relationship.
“I’m so sorry!”
“They were able to extract the bullet fairly cleanly. Nothing vital was hit, so you make a full recovery with time and rest.”
Still, their pattern of passing nods and terse public cordiality has worked well enough for the both of them, and he sees no reason to fix something that isn’t broken. If Ms. Stark prefers to keep her distance from the team, he can respect her need for space. If anything, he’s grateful for the lack of oversight.
To: Potts, Pepper
Today’s selection:
But there’s still one glaring problem that they need to address.
No more Mr. Electro.”
“Oh, loads,” she answers. “If it’s not an indie film, I’m almost guaranteed to have attended a benefit with at least some of the cast. And there are entire sitcoms I can’t watch out of an intense loathing for some of the principals.” She takes a swing of one of Iron Man’s habitual protein shakes and rolls forward with this safe line of conversation. “It’s gotten better since I’ve moved to New York. Still, if you live in this city long enough, you’ll eventually get to play one of my favorite games.”
No more.
Steve finds that somewhat ironic coming from a man who seems to live in his basement.  Granted, it’s a really nice basement, but in the two weeks he’s staked out Tony Stark, the man seems pretty much enmeshed in his own technologically advanced Cave of Wonders.  Nevertheless, the hypocrisy doesn't make Tony’s point any less true.
and all that.”  Steve’s lips curve upward, hoping that expressing his thoughts in a second language will up his chances.  He’s probably reaching, but he’ll take anything at this point.
Tasha sets them both down on top of a building a couple of streets over.  This isn’t the first time she’s managed an in-air rescue, and their smooth landing is a testament to just how good they’ve gotten at this.  It’s so effortless, in fact, that Tasha’s got her helmet half off before Steph finds her balance.
He stops his mental checklist and looks up at Fury, who nods.
Sent: Wednesday, February 08, 3:15 PM
And it doesn’t help that Fury won’t put him to work. SHIELD’s been nothing but accommodating so far: setting him up with an apartment and providing him with historical information on the past seventy years. Nonetheless, Fury insists that SHIELD is more of an intelligence organization than a military outfit, and Captain America’s traditional method of punching first and asking questions later doesn’t exactly fit with their standard method of operation. More to the point, Captain America can’t exactly go on covert ops, since the giant shield and uniform might throw up a couple of red flags.  No, if Steve’s going to be working for SHIELD (outside of the Avengers, at least), it’s going to have to be as Steve and not as Captain America.  He’s not quite sure how to feel about that.
He lets the advice breathe for a few seconds, turning over the ends and outs of Pepper’s suggestion.  When he finally speaks, his voice is barely audible.  “What if he leaves?”
“Leave and never come back?”
She struggles with that for a moment, but she rebounds quickly enough. “So what? You’ve been pining after some guy in a suit? Tough luck, Steve. You’re just gonna have to suck it up and suffer through it like everyone else does.”
“Yes,” Maria answers, clearly not thrilled at having to repeat herself.
Natasha Stark. Hate would be too strong a word given his lack of substantive interactions with the woman. But over the years, she’s made it very clear that her relationship to the group is a strictly professional one. She funds them, she supplies them with tech and that’s it. Her time is valuable, she’s not a den mother, and socializing isn't on her list of duties. If there’s something that requires her attention, they can tell JARVIS or Iron Man, and they will pass on the appropriate information. She’ll have the necessary equipment delivered directly to their floors, and if they could try not to break it this time, that’d be great.
In a funny way, it’s as if he’s been training his entire life for this moment.  When he was eight years old, he had to spend almost two months in bed with a bad case of whooping cough, and the rest of his pre-serum life was speckled with frequent bouts of bedrest.  Not to mention, he was in the army; the United States Army is known for many things, but efficiency is not one of them.  Their official motto might read “This We Defend,” but it might as well be “Hurry Up and Wait” considering the ratio of action to downtime.  Boredom is and always has been part of his daily existence, so staring at the blacked-out walls of Stark’s laboratory isn’t the worst fate he can imagine.  Steve’s framing this as a protracted stakeout mission with the potential of a large payout at the end.
Steve can’t help but smile back.  “I try.”
Steve mentally fills in the first part of Tony’s cut-off statement, and the night suddenly takes on a whole new meaning.  “Am I?” he asks aloud, but he’s mentally pondering a very different question.
“You know perfectly well what.  The auction.”
Tony looks up.  “Really?”
Tony takes a deep breath, but looks him square in the eye on the exhale.  “I am Iron Man.”
“Yes,” he and Tony answer simultaneously, which has the added benefit of taking Natasha completely by surprise.
“Okay…” he responds, still unsure where this is going.
But Steve, Steve doesn’t see that.  Out of the thousands of people who’ve written, talked, or blogged about Iron Man, Steve is the only one who actually thinks about what lies behind the armor.  Maybe it’s a consequence of his spending so much time watching the nuts and bolts of the creative process or maybe it’s because he’s just generally a thoughtful person, but Steve’s the only one who’s ever given a thought to the person who creates the suit in addition to the one who flies it.
Right, because he’s a SHIELD agent.  Okay, he can do this.  It’s perfectly natural to be concerned about his work colleagues, right?  Besides, he’s already admitted that he was at the park.  He just neglected to mention that he was there in red and blue spandex.
“I’m not exactly shocked by the idea of things I can’t understand,” he starts. “I accepted a long time ago that there are certain things in the world that are far beyond my ability to comprehend. The only thing I can control is how I react to what’s put in front of me. So yes, I’m adjusting, at least as much as I know how.”
“You!” he exclaims, in an almost accusatory voice.  “What are you doing here?”
More to the point, Coulson seems to have some sort of pull with Stark, or at least with Stark’s assistant turned CEO.  He’d somehow been able to convince Ms. Potts to let him back into the tower to see Stark.  She couldn’t get him into Stark’s workspace, but she could at least make sure that Tony saw him and (theoretically) chose to speak to him again.
“No.”  The brevity of the reply is disturbing.
“You said I’d have to suck it up and bear it because pining after a guy in a suit is tough luck,” he repeats. She doesn’t even both to deny it, so he presses his luck another inch. “I wear a suit.”
Falling for Tony was something like watch a sunrise.  One minute, you’re noticing the glimmers of light flickering on the horizon, and then all at one the whole skyline is bright and clear and dazzling.  His vision hasn’t quite adjusted yet, that’s all.  It’ll get easier with time.
He allows himself a smirk.  He has the theme song; he might as well embrace it.
In previous years, his trips to the Stark International branches had been wild.  Everyone went all-out to impress the boss, particularly when said boss was making decisions about fiscal expenditures.  Things have gotten slightly less riotous since he’d come back from Afghanistan, but he can still usually count on foreign trips to a be a distraction from the daily grind.
“So that's how Fury’s playing it,” Tony says softly.  It’s almost as if he’s talking to himself.
“Nice to see you too.”  Steve hands over the bag with a bemused smile on his face.  “I wasn’t sure what you liked, so I just sort of got a variety.  Your cream cheese is in there too.”
“What exactly has everybody so worried about Stark?” he asks, somewhat confused.  After all, Howard wasn’t that bad. Eccentric, yes, but certainly not as terrifying as everyone is making his son out to be.
This is one battle he’s not prepared to lose.
On second thought, though, JARVIS’ recommendation made a lot of sense. Steve
“I think so.  But there’s a bit of a debate over whether or not the city should try and recreate the pieces or commission new ones to support new artists.  Certain figures don’t wear well over time.  Tearing the statute down is one battle; rebuilding it is a whole nother issue.”
would have handled things.  Funny how those people never seem to show up when the punches are flying.
“Rebuilding it.”
A grin spreads over Tony’s face, and, much to Steve’s infinite consternation, Tony begins to sit up. “Okay, now’s the time where we both come clean.”
“Nope, that’s not going to work.”  Stark’s speaks quickly and assuredly, and Steve looks up in surprise at his unexpected statement.  “Look, I know all about being benched, and it sucks.  I haven’t exactly appreciated you stalking my every move for the past few weeks, but that doesn’t mean I want to sentence you to
for Christ’s sake.  It’s one of the oldest clichés in the book, but to his infinite surprise, he’s…enjoying it?  Huh.
his brain wanted to ask.  Why wouldn't he want to spend the evening with someone’s whose company he sincerely enjoyed, even if the circumstances were less than ideal?  He cocks his head a bit, asking, “Of course I'm serious. I want you to come to the gala with me. Why wouldn't I be serious?"
He can sense there’s something big that Steve’s not telling him, but he doesn’t want to send him spiraling back into the dark.  Instead of pushing, he offers Steve what the US military and Obie never gave him – a choice.
Steve nods, remembering spinning propeller blades and flashes of red and gold.
Tony takes a deep breath and tries to dig past the implications of all they’re not saying.
And Tasha’s definitely noticed her flushing, damn her Irish skin.  She shoots off one final smirk, shouting a goodbye over her shoulder.  “Goodnight, Steph!”
company.”
“Hawkeye?”
Ignorance truly is bliss, at least on certain occasions, and Tasha is bound and determined to deny her that ignorance.
Because he has the world’s most inconvenient and conspicuous fashion accessory embedded in his chest.  If Steve gets one look at that thing or even leans into his chest too firmly, the whole jig is up.  There’s really no way to justify it.
"A real gentleman, huh?” he asks with a deliberate smile.
Here it goes.  He’s been waiting for the moment when he needed to put his cover story into place, but now that it’s finally come he can’t help but feel a bit nervous now that it’s time to go through with it.  The lie itches, like a burr nestled under his skin, and he can’t help but shy away from what he’s about to do.  As luck would have it, though, his cover story justifies his implicit shame and reticence to talk.  He just has to lay out the facts and hope that Tony will leave well enough alone.  Maybe.  Possibly.  Probably not.
“Bit late for that now,” she replies.
“Would you stop selling yourself short?” Steve answers tersely, and he rotates his torso so that they’re facing each other on the couch.  “A very smart man told me something once.  I didn’t quite understand it at the time, but now I think I do.  He said that the most important thing in life wasn’t for me to be a perfect soldier; the best thing I could do was be a good man.  And that’s what you are, Tony – a
“A good evening?” he asks, tone level but eyes sparkling.
Steve tenses, but he doesn’t stop talking.  “Yeah.  Sorry, I’ve just gotten used to using her name instead of her call sign.”
It takes him a moment to fully assess the scene in front of him.  Tony’s still airborne, but the suit looks tarnished, a bit similar to the way it looked after fighting the Chitauri.  Thor is planted on the ground, Mjolnir in hand, wielding a bolt of lightning toward a large, hulking figure.  It looks vaguely humanoid but warped somehow, as if someone had taken a wax mold of the human body, heated it and twisted it at random.
“Where do I come into to that scenario?”
Natasha is an entirely different story.
From: Stark, Tony
“I’m not sure I understand.”
“Yeah,” Steve answers, smearing cream cheese on a bagel.  “You?”
sophisticated “No!” before storming past Rogers up the stairs, riding the elevator to the penthouse, and sending Pepper an extremely frustrated email.
“Okay,” Steve answers uneasily.  “So he’s like your other robot.  Dum-E, right?”
“And you found out he was Captain America when?”
"It doesn't," Steve cuts him off but quickly continues, "I just-- if I show up on your arm, aren't there going to be even more rumors about you in the papers?”
Somehow, someway, Rogers can spend his entire day within Tony’s narrow entry hallway, alternating between an
Nothing comes.  The room is unusually quiet except for the crinkle of the paper wrapping.  Steve grabs one of his own tacos and bites into it, desperately hoping that eating will somehow make the awkward silence less awkward.  What on earth could Iron Man have possibly said to make Tony this uneasy?
“Look out!”
“No,” the woman answers back.  “But I heard about your planet, and I had to come and see.  It’s as beautiful as I imagined it would be.”
The MET sits in the northeastern corner of Central Park, so, in suggesting that they walk back to the tower, he’s inadvertently taken them back through the sight of their battle a couple of weeks prior.  While the city has dealt with the most obvious obstructions, it’s still going to take time for them to clear away the 100+ statues that just decided to up and walk away from their assigned spots.  Hence, the rearing bronzed horse poised just off the side of the path and sectioned of by yellow caution tape.
“Oh, you know me.  Always willing to chip into a worthy cause.”
It just seemed mean to send him back to SHIELD empty handed.  With a body like that, there’s absolutely no way Steve is used to being a desk jockey, and it seemed like cruel and unusual punishment to banish the man to a cubicle.  (Cubicles are dark nasty places, and they must be avoided at all costs).  Nope, his lab was a supremely cooler place, and if someone has to hang out and do nothing, it’s better to do it somewhere that’s not a dark, dank corner of the SHIELD New York offices.
“So,” he asks, “how are you doing?”
“Was?” Natasha answers, her voice small.
do not disappoint.
“And the date?” she questions, trying to get back to the conversation at hand.
“Next on Sir’s list of preapproved films is
Steve frowns down at the offensive thing cradled in his hand.  “It’s SHIELD issued,” he starts to say.
He walks into Fury’s spacious office and sees the man himself sitting behind a large metal desk. The dark skinned, one-eyed man rises as he enters the room and moves to greet him.
“Jealous,” she repeats flatly.
isn’t true, having heard Bruce and Tasha collaborate firsthand).  She gushes about how much of an honor it was to fight alongside her childhood hero, particularly when said hero lived up to the hype (no comment).  She smirks and she giggles and she tosses her hair and it’s every stereotypical feminine ploy that Steph’s fought against her whole life.
?  That sounds like something far too-old fashioned for him to be taking part in. Or maybe it’s British?  British and old-fashioned?
From: Stark, Tony
“Is Tony okay?”  JARVIS is still a bit too disconcerted for Steve’s peace of mind, and he wonders what exactly it would take to unnerve Tony’s AI.  “Is it Iron Man?  Did he make it back safely.”
“I don’t have a laptop.”
"You want me to be your date for the good publicity?"
“I’d hope so, since you’re the one who let him into my lab.”  When her eyes stay blank, he elaborates.  “You probably know him as Agent Stalker.”
“You’re marrying this shameless hussy.”
Steve stops in the doorway, a confused look coming over his face.  “I’m sorry?”
“Yeah, Sam explained it to me.”  Steve’s Irish skin is gradually taking on an adorable pink hue, but his voice remains steady.  “People donate money so the bachelor of their choice will take them out on a date.  It’ll probably be embarrassing, but it’s for a good cause.”  He looks so damn earnest that Tony can’t believe Captain America is sitting in his lab and contemplating pimping himself out for the charity.  Theoretically, he knows that the date will likely be nothing more than a nice dinner, throughout which Steve will be a perfect gentleman, but the concept still stands.  And he doesn’t like it.  Not.  One.  Bit.
Tony smiles.  They’ll probably still have to raid the refrigerator when they get home, but at least Steve won’t starve in the meantime.
.  Total fantasy films, but you’ll understand so much more of what’s going on around you when you get the in jokes.”  In a way, he’s sort of envious of Steve, getting to experience those franchises all at once.  Though on second thought...
He turns back to Steve.  “It was a pretty big deal at the time – first viable robot with artificial intelligence.  You can probably search for the pictures on your phone.”
There’s absolutely no way they’ve shattered every statue in the park, and there’s still the central problem of the enchantress herself.  What if she makes her way toward Wall Street or the New York Public Library?  Steve has no desire to either fight a bull or giant stone lions, thank you very much.
“We’ve never had any problems creating our own monsters,” Natasha adds, her voice weighted down with experience that Steve doesn’t even know how to contemplate, although he’s very familiar with the concept of human-made monsters.
Tony’d forgotten he’d mentioned that little detail, but it’s oddly astute of Steve to remember it.  “Yeah, he was my senior thesis project at MIT.  Got sort of tired of professors telling me what to do, so I built Dum-E to shut them up.”  Of course, he’d never intended on keeping his senior thesis.  By the time he’d actually finished building Dum-E, his brain was already three steps ahead and working on ways he could improve the base technology.  He’d figured he’d submit the project for grading, accept the warranted acclaim, and then scrap the project for parts.  However, when it came time to leave MIT, he found himself wrapping Dum-E in bubble wrap and personally loading him onto the moving van.  He might be a dysfunctional bot, but Dum-E was
“Sir?” Steve replies, somewhat confused at the informal question.
Definitely the second choice. It took him a couple of days to get around to visiting the library, but he’s been trying his best to catch up on the decades of history he’s missed. Some of it’s amazing – civil rights, the space program, computers – but other things leave him breathless and mildly sick. The day he read about Hiroshima and Nagasaki, he slammed his book shut and spent the night running through New York streets that he no longer recognizes.
Natasha stands outside his dingy Brooklyn apartment as if she has every right to be there. Her eyes are masked by her trademark dark glasses, but her furrowed brows and tightened jaw indicate that she knows exactly where he is and plans to talk to him if she has to break down the door herself.
At long last, Tony makes eye contact, and he moves his hand out from underneath Steve’s.  Steve tries not to take that as a bad sign.  “Look, there are about a million reasons why this is not a good idea.”
“Let’s go.”  They all start to make their way out of the park, stumbling past the bronze, marble, and granite remains, scattered throughout the park.  Just as they’re about to leave, Clint nudges a marble head with his foot, which Steve recognizes as the statue he beheaded with his shield.
"Oh," he breathes, hand tightening on Steve’s arm.  He can’t lose this, can’t lose Steve, now that he’s finally within his reach. "Oh, God, Steve, I didn't know--"
“Steve, wait —” Natasha protests, her voice slurred.
The robot stops rolling and its claw rotates, like a human would rotate its head.
With a few seconds remaining, he does an about face and sprints across the clearing to the pilgrim, who’s now bracing his musket against a dull bronze shoulder.  He’s still unsure of the physics of enlivened bronze statuary, but he’s pretty sure a soldier can’t fire without a gun.  He reaches the pilgrim just in time to grab the barrel of the gun and aim the shot skyward.  Wrapping his palm around the barrel, he draws the gun up and over his head, which has the added benefit of dragging the pilgrim along and tossing him to the ground.  The bronze man is surprisingly heavy, and it taxes even his strength to pry the gun out of the statue’s hand.  Once he dislodges the musket, he flips the weapon and slams the stock into the soldier’s face.  It shatters on impact.
He stands quickly, muscles bristling at the sudden movement, and reaches for his bag.  After all the times he’s ribbed Clint for being late, he’s going to catch hell for not showing up on time for training.  Still, if he had to do it all over again, he wouldn’t change a thing.  “In that case then, I’ll see you tonight.”
“Sir,” JARVIS’ voice sounds from the HUD display, “systems at thirty-eight percent.”
Well, it was worth a shot…
“Steve…” She struggles for a moment, but then her voice trails away. Steve waits for something, anything, that will clue him into what’s going on in her head and let him know if the friendship he’s cultivated for so long is about to plummet off a precipice or shift into something more profound.
Natasha doesn’t react aside from lifting one perfect eyebrow.  “Yes, I can see you’re unaffected.”  She moves toward the edge of the ring and ducks under the ropes.  Steve has no choice but to follow her, as they’re obviously done for the day.  Nat grabs two bottles of water from a nearby table and moves to sit on one of the benches.
“What I’m trying to say is, everyone survived.  No one got hurt, aside from a couple of statues, and apparently that alien won’t have the strength to come back to earth for a really long time.  It’s crazy and stupid and flat out insane that an alien sorceress decided to crash land on Earth, but the incident was relatively minor.  At least it’s not another Chitauri situation.”
“Well, you can start by getting out of your apartment every once in a while. Go outside. Walk in the park. Talk to someone and find out what makes this century tick. You helped saved the world, Cap! Now it’s time to figure out what exactly it is that you’ve saved.”
“Well, yes.”  Wasn’t that what he was supposed to do?  “I tried to tell him how important the Helicarriers were to SHIELD’s defensive operations, but by that point he’d sort of shut me out.”
“Dum-E, front and center!”
What on Earth?
“Though who am I to judge?  I didn’t exactly come up with the healthiest coping mechanism.”
“And what’s so optimistic about thinking two people can sit down and have a calm, rational conversation?”
“I think I’m going to turn in for the night.”
Steve steps in closer to take the headphones.  His hands settle on the headpiece, but he doesn’t move to take them just yet.
Steve frowns. “How so?”
“What?”  Tony’s shoulders twitch just the barest inch, but Steve catches the movement.
“What?” he cuts in.  His heart gives a quick jolt at the words ‘taking you out,’ but he doesn’t think Tony’s thought this one all the way through.  “Tony, it’s ridiculously early.  The only things open right now are coffee and donut shops.”
Steve gulps.  She sounds much better at this than he is.  “So, she’s like JARVIS?”
“Surrender or we will be forced to take action.”
“Does everyone have those?”
To: Potts, Pepper
He doesn’t linger long.  Steve obviously can’t respond in turn, and he finds no appeal in kissing a corpse.  He does, however, keep his forehead pressed to Steve’s soaking up the warmth that still lingers there.
When Maria doesn’t add anything else, Steve goes into planning mode.  “Okay, I want us to split up so we can triangulate this thing.  Clint, I want you on the roof across the street.  You get this guy in your line of sight as quickly as possible just in case things go south.  Tony, Thor, you guys fly up there and cover the north and east ends of the building.  Nat and I will hit the stairs and go in through the roof access door.
“As if you could hurt me.”  The woman raises her hands to her chest and then throws her arms outward, her fingers spreading wide as arms fully extend.  A wave of light explodes from her fingertips, creating an expanding halo in a circle around her, and Steve braces as he waits for the impact to hit him.
“I haven’t quite given up on this yet.”
“There’d better be coffee when I come back!” he insists as he heads toward the elevator.
Steve, being the unerringly polite person that he is, crosses to the other side of the lab so that his phone call won’t disturb Tony.  As he watches the other man walk away, Tony can feel his heart pulsating his skin, a combination of shock and indignation and…something…forcing the arc reactor into overdrive.  When Steve’s gotten far enough away, he speaks very softly into the air.
“Yeah, well, it’s a lab.  Accidents happen.  That’s no reason to break a wall!”
“You caught me,”  she says, staring down and Tasha as she tries to get the other woman to settle down.  “I’m okay.”
When both agents nod yes, Steve makes his way toward the door, but he faintly catches Nat’s
“I’m on it.”  Iron Man takes to the sky, and Steve turns northward, waiting for the onslaught of...bears.  Christ.
“It's not the same,” Steve insists, their argument a long-standing one.
Steve risks a quick look over the barricade.  Thor seems to have given up trying to use the lightning as a weapon and instead has recourse to hand to hand combat.  His hammer reigns down numerous blows, but they don’t seem to be having any effect.  The creature answers back with tendrils of electricity, but Thor doesn’t react.  Whether he’s immune to the shock or just has a very high pain tolerance, Steve can’t say.  Either way, he doubts Thor can maintain the standoff for very long.
Okay, so he’s definitely got a thing for the suit.  He’s somewhat grateful that Tony’s face is covered at the moment because he has a sneaking suspicion the other man is laughing at him.
“If there’s anything I can do to help…”
“I was a bit preoccupied.”
“Fair word of warning, some of those films are better than others.  Something like
“Captain,” she replies, looking trepidatious.
They spend a few more moments like that, just kissing and grasping each other until Tony pulls away for air.
Tony’s breath catches; this is exactly the sort of thing that made him fall in love – and yes, it
“I’m ready now!”
That still doesn’t explain Tony’s sudden outburst.  “What’s so funny?”
Until Tony, that is.  Despite the various methods SHIELD had undertaken to acclimate him to the new era, he’s learned more in his weeks with Tony than in the months that he’s been awake.  More to the point, he’s comfortable in a way that he didn’t think would ever be possible again.  Down here he doesn’t have to be a useless relic or a man out of time; he’s just
His day suddenly just got a whole lot better.
Tony’s frustration immediately fades to concern as he looks over to Steve.  Steve usually shifts into a state of relaxation when he’s in movie mode.  Not so now.  His face is a sickly looking white, and he’s currently curled in on himself as if he’s in physical pain.  Within seconds, Tony is at his side.
, Tony’s allowed to be concerned.  Slightly.  Mildly inconvenienced.
“I should have knocked.”
“An experiment went south.  Occasionally, that gets accompanied by a big bang.”
“You’re Iron Man,” he repeats incredulously.
“I thought you looked like the most beautiful cover story I’d ever seen,” he says instead.  He’s glad Steve can’t see his face right now, because no matter often he’s lied to his husband, he’d never be able to pull this one off in person.
“Iron Man?  Yup.”  How does he even begin to describe the impact the suits have had on his life?  To be honest, he’s not even sure that he fully understands the distinction.   All he knows is that his life has been bisected into two discrete eras, dating from the moment the Mark I visor slid down over his face.  How do you even vocalize something like that?  Plus, there’s the added difficulty of having to account for the suit and what it means to him while still keeping up the ruse that some third party is piloting it.
“Problem?”
He turns to look at Steve.  “It’s not that late.  You want to walk back?”
“Yes, but we’ve fought aliens together. It’s an ice breaker.”
Steve knows Nat’s not going to drop this conversation anytime soon, and he drops his boxer’s stance in defeat.  “He’s just so…so…”  What words does one use to describe Tony Stark?
It’s not like it matters, but the guy's been here at the crack of dawn for the past two weeks, so when he doesn’t show on the morning he
“I don’t want to talk about it,” he replies.
They both race into the night, destined to collide but terrified of the impact they know is coming.
Fuck, he’s screwed.
“I think we’re done for today.  See you guys tomorrow?”
Steve looks somewhat confused at that, and the hand petting Dum-E slows.  “How would I search for pictures on my phone?”
He has to be fine!
“If you don’t mind, Agent Rogers, you can show yourself out.”  He turns and heads straight for the elevator, desperate to get back to the lab as soon as possible.  He doesn’t want to hear another word of Fury’s bullshit, no matter how pretty the mouthpiece is.
“I found them very fetching,” she answers, humor transparent in her voice.
Her mandated interactions with Steve really haven’t been that great either. The few press conferences and fundraisers where Steve’s been forced to interact with the woman have been lackluster at best. Stark draws attention like a flame draws a moth, and Steve does everything in his power to avoid that. He’s grateful for the way that she diverts attention away from him, but his primary goal is to leave her presence as soon as possible. It’s easier.
“What was she even doing here?” Clint asks, his voice devoid of its usual humor.  Considering his previous experience with extraterrestrial entities, Steve can’t fault his frustration.
Honestly, he still has no idea how it happened.
He recoils, simultaneously turning to face the noise and concentrating on keeping his heart rate down.  He really doesn’t need to trigger the Other Guy, not now when he’s so close to potential normality.
Her lips twist upward, but there’s no joy in them. “Something like that.” He expects that to be the end of the conversation, brief as it is, but much to his surprise, Natasha plows forward, her voice meticulously picking out each word. “With Iron Man I…I finally had a relationship that meant something to me. I didn’t want to ruin something that gave me…that let me…” she stumbles, “…just be
“I've been pining a bit myself this week. Didn't really enjoy it all that much. But I'd you and I are on the same page, it seems like we can agree to just...stop doing that.”
At that moment, the elevator dings and their missing third walks in. Natasha drops his hand and rotates to face her boyfriend.
Yet despite how furious and confused and angry and betrayed he feels right now, there’s a part of him that can’t believe it was all a lie.  Looking back, Steve’s cover story is woefully thin.  If he really had dark, nefarious purposes, he wouldn’t have been so blatantly...well, transparent.   It was only a matter of time before he figured this whole thing out.  Frankly, he’s shooting himself in the foot for not recognizing it sooner.  Like, there’s no way Steve could have expected Iron Man wouldn’t connect the dots.  There are only so many tall, muscular, culturally inept blonde men running around New York.  Plus, Steve was far too happy to see Iron Man in the park.  If he’d been secretly trying to worm his way into Iron Man’s good graces by cuddling up to his human alter ego, Steve would have been a lot more stressed out.
“How’s your mission going?”
“You mean Captain America?”
“When you talk about Tony Stark, ‘building’ is almost never a metaphorical term.  The question is, what exactly is Stark building and why is it so important to him?”
Clint looks upward, scanning the sky.  “We should probably get out of here before the press starts showing up.  I’m not in the mood for reporters.”
From: Stark, Tony
"I really am sorry," he says, backing up and still desperate to apologize. “Look, we can sit down, or – or I can lead, if you want?"
Hmmm.
His body hits the floor with a loud
Shellhead’s always said that his poker face is transparent but he and Natasha haven’t spent nearly as much time together. Maybe he can sell this. He braces himself and speaks. “We usually hang out in the fortieth floor media room on Thursdays. Movies, dinner, that sort of thing. You could come too.”
Stark takes his hand for the second time, and this handshake is much warmer.  “Great!  I’m looking forward to all of your encouragement, Steve.”  His voice isn’t sincere at all, but the sarcastic grin looks genuine.
Except ‘everyone’ didn’t stay put for long.  After the initial clean up and the publicity stunts, life settles down to this century’s approximation of normal, or at least what Steph assumes is normal.  Clint and Nat go off to do their Very Secret Things for SHIELD, Thor goes to visit a lady friend in New Mexico, and Bruce is…somewhere intentionally off the grid.  That pretty much leaves just her and Natasha holed up in an obscenely large house trying to peacefully coexist.  Right.
“Hey.”
“Hardly," Thor scoffs.  "Vitaelia is a minor Alfheim with the ability to temporarily animate graven images.  I fear she found the lure of your most excellent gardens too strong to resist.”
“I don’t...I just…”  It’s so unlike Tony to stutter that Steve’s a bit thrown.  “Why?” he finally asks.  “Why are you doing this?
you. The person inside the armor.” Now that the words are out, he just can’t stop them from coming. “She had the sarcastic jackass with low impulse control who always has my back. I was jealous,” he stresses, “because Natasha Stark claimed my best friend and the one person I’m pretty sure is essential to my happiness. But I didn’t realize how essential that friend was to me until I thought he belonged to someone else and I didn’t like it.”
“Well, for starters you call him Tony.”
, he answers himself.
.  Of course, if Tony is Iron Man, that means…
“Oh, please call me Tony,” he answers, briefly shaking hands and gesturing the to the minibar along the far wall.  “Can I get you something to drink?”
The government, though, is less than enthusiastic about the press tour, particularly when Stark’s interviews start so quickly after everything that went down.  A lot of men in suits shout very loudly that Natasha had no right to be airing government secrets before events had been declassified, but Natasha primly informed them that not only is she a volunteer, but she is specifically
That sound great in theory. The practice is somewhat more difficult.
True, sitting outside of Stark’s lab and wondering what’s going on inside isn’t the most thrilling activity, but it’s not as if he has any other pressing engagements.  He’s pretty much doing the same thing that he’s done for the past month – trying to catch up on the world – only he’s doing it in the depths of Stark Tower rather than in his tiny apartment on the upper floors of SHIELD’s New York headquarters.  The view’s not great and he misses his morning runs, but the boredom is actually fairly manageable.
“Oh, let him have it.  He seems like he’s having a good time.”
"An excellent evening," Tony responds, and isn’t that the understatement of the century?  He turns back to Steve.  "But now I owe you a real date."
,” he says, turning to the biggest object, “is your new laptop.  I went ahead them send up the one with all the bells and whistles, because they’re fun and you’ve been living in a tech desert.  High-resolution display, carbon-fiber chassis, advanced encryption technology, you name it.   This baby can pretty much do whatever you need it to.  But the best thing…”
“I think the question you really want to ask is ‘What if he stays?’” Pepper shoots back, though not unkindly.  “Think of it this way.  So long as you’ve got this hanging over your head, you’re always going to be thinking about what happens when the hammer strikes.  At least this way, you can control the descent.”
Pepper sighs.  “Look, I’m not your assistant or your Mom, so I’m not going to tell you how to live your life.  Just do whatever you think is best.  But if you think this can turn into something real, don’t start out by keeping secrets.”
“Trust me, I’ve had more than enough
“Uh huh.” She sounds decisively unconvinced. “I get half of that?”
That’s comforting.  And it’s not as if she expected Tasha to be anything less than understanding given her own…flexibility.  The problem is, Steph’s beginning to suspect she might want to do more than ‘talk’ with Tasha.
"You're good at that," Steve replies, and Tony smiles, pulling back slightly.
“I’m not buying it,” Iron Man says. “You and I manage small talk just fine.”
“Natasha — ” He tries again, but she’s on a roll.
Tony’s shoulders drop, and his hands come down to his side.  “I know you do,” he answers, his voice barely audible in the expanse of the lab.  After a moment of painfully tense silence, Tony gestures to the bag that Steve’s been clutching all this time.  “Is that food?”
The thing that Steve can recognize, even at this early stage of his epiphany, is that the aggregate is worth more than its discrete parts. Iron Man and Natasha are (were?) both complex, complete individuals in their own right. But the fact that they’re one and the same? How many sacrifices must she have made to maintain them both? So when Natasha asks if he can handle it, his only question is
Steve ran out of the tower. Stopping suddenly. He remembered a ghost of a flower shop just north on Broadway. It was tiny yes, but had the largest array of flora and fauna he had ever seen in his life. Steve bolted north and stopped short of the small counter inside. He did not appear out of breath, but he was a man on a mission.
"Hm. You can be a little cock tease, can't you, Tony?" Steve ground his hips into Tony's, holding back the moan that formed in the back of his throat, determined not to be the first to give in. Then he leaned forward, first licking at the shell of Tony's ear, then blowing on it hotly. "Whipped cream, Chocolate syrup and strawberries, Tony. My own personal Iron Man sundae."
Steve couldn't believe what he was witnessing. Tony stark, self proclaimed playboy, was on knees and playing submissive to the hilt. "Your captain needs you Tony. You have permission to continue."
Tony just nodded. He had a feeling his libido would be tested. He and Steve. Completely alone. What's a Stark to do? Tony licked his lips from earlier's kiss.
Steve's eyebrows shot up. "Virgin? Now Tony, where would you ever get that idea?" Steve stepped closer to Tony, a predatory light gleaming in his sky blue eyes.
Tony watched his friend leave. He took a deep breath and looked into the mirror. "Right..I got this."
Tony squeezed his eyes shut for a second.
"Got another prob Cap. I kinda feel like the dame in this situation. He's old fashioned. Soooo I dunno what to do." Tony looked up to Steve clearly tired and confused.
"I can't shake you as hard as I want." Tony smiled into the mirror looking at Clint.
"Because Thor it is deadly to eat in it's un popped form.  It could kill you." Clint really couldn't resist.  Natasha elbowed him hard. "OW!  Harpy", Clint complained.
Tony looked up at Steve through his lashes looping his arms around his neck. Hissing softly at the feel of their groins brushing together. "You would be the only one I would allow." He mentioned softly moving his tongue over Steve's lips once more.
"Don't worry Tony, almost done."
Tony watched the handsome Captain peruse the food spread talking occasionally with folks. That thousand watt smile charming all who speak to him. There were those of both gender throwing themselves at Tony. He scoffed at them taking himself and his dirty Martini to the party's private balcony. All of these people and Tony only wants one. Throwing one last wistful glance towards Steven Rogers, he closed the sliding glass door. Letting the curtain fall behind him. The night air was chilly as he looked out over the city skylights.
Clint shrugs. "I dunno. Just thought your ass looked better in the gray ones is all."
"Sure, as long as you have a shower big enough for both of us?" Steve asked. When Tony only snuggled closer, Steve wrapped his arms tighter around the smaller man, feeling suddenly protective. He somehow instinctively knew that Tony was in the grips of something hurtful, and while Steve couldn't protect Tony from whatever demons he harbored inside, he could at least let Tony know he was there. "Tony..." he wanted so badly to tell Tony that he was in love with him, but he knew that was probably the wrong thing to say this early in the game. So he settled for simply being sweet, which was what Steve Rogers was and always would be. "I got you, Tony. I always will."
"You look so sexy sitting there. I wonder what you'd do if I told you I want a taste of your cock right now? And the only thing standing between me an it is a little bit of fabric. Take it off for me, Tony." Steve was a bit shocked at his sudden dominance, but he tried not to let it show as he waited for Tony to respond.
Tony felt the gentle wet slap of skin on skin as his dick hit his belly. Then felt the chily draft of the lack if Steve's mouth. "Steve?" He moaned pleadingly, eyes slowly opening to find why the wonderful feeling had stopped. "Nnngh. What, is it National Cockblock Day?"
Steve cocked an eyebrow. "Is this person not worth it Tony?" Rogers asked softly.
Steve chuckled lightly as they pulled up to a stoplight. He looked at Tony taking in the scent and fashion of the man he asked out on a date. "You really do looking amazing. I like that color on you." Steve mentioned affectionately.
Tony felt the blood rush to his face. "I think I can accommodate."
Once Steve was in the car and they were pulling out of the garage. He looked at Tony momentarily. "I hope I don't offend you when I do stuff I normally would with dames. It's just how I was taught."
"But sir...the prototype will be destroyed."
"Oooh getting fancy Rogers?" Natasha asked. Eyeing the items with her approval.
Tony croaked as he felt his own blush creep just under every surface of his skin.
Steve watched Tony with interest, loving looking at the curve of Tony's ass, and reveling in the knowledge that he had put Tony where he was now. Steve sighed at the touch of Tony's lips on his feet, and forced himself to watch Tony carefully, taking in everything.
"Um.  Bout that mouth to mouth staying in for the night part..." Tony mused aloud. His eyes dreamy and focused on Steve.
Steve laughed softly. "You're cute when you're flustered, do you know that? Relax, Tony. I'm not as experienced as you, but I'm no amateur. And I'll prove it to you, if you're ready for it."
"Yup. Changing the subject to something less Hawkward?"
Steve growled at Tony's words and let go of Tony's cock, taking him around the waist and yanking him off the counter, then spinning him around, pressing his hips against Tony's ass, while reaching around and grabbing Tony's cock and stroking it roughly. "Is this what you want, Tony? You want my cock inside you while you watch me stroking you until you cum? Hmm? Look at my hand around you, Tony, and tell me how badly you want me to fuck you!"
Steve grinned, a full on showing of his pearly whites. "No way. I was kind of hoping I'd have Iron Man give me a lift home someday. You know, bridal style. Can you do that for me Tony?"
"Clint. How is this?" Tony sucked in his breath. He tried a 1940's combed down style.
"Well, um. You blush at practically everything, and..and" Tony looked up at the ceiling trying to escape the heat of usually cool blue eyes. "Uuuhhhhh your just. You. And. Im me. Yeah" Tony stammered ridiculously.
"Tony, its afternoon." Steve informed with a light chuckle.
Steve grinned. "Sounds fair. Just let me bandage this and I'll see what I can do to accommodate you." Steve grabbed the first aide kit, flipped the lid open and dug out the antiseptic and a bandage. He made quick work of it, and before another few minutes had passed, he had Tony bandaged up. Grinning, Steve climbed to his feet and then swept Tony up into his arms, bridal style. "What do you say we go enjoy ourselves?" He asked as he headed for the stairs.
"Oh fuck.. Steeeeeeve!" Tony knew Steve took out food items for an Iron Man Sundae and was happy Steve forgot. This was beyond his control as his legs came up to wrap tightly. His pupils were completely blown. He was rutting into Steve's abdomen like some ridiculous animal in heat. Tony had lost control. Loathe to admit, frankly right now he didn't care. He was at the Captain's mercy and damn happy about it. "Steve please...mmmneed you so bad. Please Baby. Please.." Tony wheedled and whimpered craning to kiss Steve nipping and lightly suckling on Steve's neck and jaw. Clawing at the irritating shirt Steve was still wearing from the party. Little moans and gasps accompanying his actions. "Need you, need you now, god, fuck...please Captain. Please.."
Steve whistled while drying off after his shower. He looked at his dog tags. He didn't even know why he still wore them. Habit? Maybe. He grinned to himself. Maybe Tony would like them.  He remembered Tony's appearance as he came downstairs from R & D. He reminded Steve of the guys back in the motor pools in his day. He shook his head. Bringing himself back to the present and put his dog tags on and dressed. Maybe after a few more dates. He worried about Tony and the idea of commitment.  Would he cheat? Would he get bored?  Steve shook his head.  Can't be thinking about the negative stuff. Steve knew what he felt for Tony. Which is why he hated arguing with him.  Steve figured it was the Tesseract's fault. He took one final look in the mirror, cleared his throat and head out towards the communal areas.
--------------------------------------------------
"You sir? What could possibly scare you pray tell?"
"Well good luck and have fun with that." Tony chuckled.
"Did you talk to him today?" Steve asked casually.
"Heya Cap. What's a soldier like you doing in a place like this?" Tony smiled brightly sauntering up to Steve.
Tony chuckled lightly. "Mm." He made the noncommittal sound. "Well, I don't feel as scared.  Just....I don't know Clint. He seems to really enjoy my company. He's real sweet when we go out. Even here at home. To be honest I feel like a damn teenager. It kind of freaks me out. What's worse is. I'm pretty damn sure I'm in love. Do NOT breathe a word of this. I'm holding you to Bro Code." Tony looked serious for a moment.
Tony popped an eyebrow sprinting into his ridiculously large closet.
Tony could feel himself blush at the pet name. He really loved it. The embrace seemed to stretch on for a few more moments until Tony ended the tight hold.
"Stop the car." Tony asked abruptly
"That's a wonderful idea Steve. Good luck and have fun." She headed for her room.
-----------------0----------------
Tony slinked out of the bathroom looking disgruntled at Clint. His new hairstyle the same he had originally.
"I'll make it up to you later Tony. I promise." Steve was laughing as they left into the evening air.
Steve was stunned by Tony's revelation. It was one thing to admit that each wanted the other, but it was something totally different that Tony was talking about. Steve kept moving his hand, while taking a moment to wrap his head around Tony's words. "Tony? Do you really want me... And everything else you said?" Steve paused in his torture of the billionaire, waiting breathlessly for Tony's answer.
Steve shook his head chuckling. "I'm sure you could Stark." He kept his eyes on the road, it was the safest choice.
Tony's eyes followed the sweet swell of Steve's ass his brain finally realizing he was being spoken too. "Huh? OH! Shower. Right. Umm. Well you can use the one in here. I can just wait. Gotta clean my mess after all and find you some cozies. I can guarantee my pants won't fit but my basket ball shorts will. I also have plenty of shirts. Here. Give me your suit. " Tony asked approaching Steve and holding out his hand for the material. This felt natural to Tony. Taking care of Steve. Like a husband. THE FUCK STARK! His brain reeled.
Steve chuckled. "Shut up Tony" he answered playfully. Steve got out of the car and opened Tony's door. Still holding Tony's hand he led the smaller male with him to open the trunk. He handed Tony some pillows as he grabbed the blankets and picnic basket.
Steve returned the kiss gently, then spun around to gather up his clothes. He sighed, hating the thought of putting his suit back on. "So, Tony," He spoke nonchalantly as he bent over to retrieve his shirt, knowing full well he was giving Tony an eye full, "Where can I find this heavenly shower?"
Everyone stood staring at Clint. Including Dr. Banner as he came into the communal areas from the lab.
Tony took the elevator to the top most floor. There were...candles. A small tea light for each concrete step leading to the roof door. Tony felt like he couldn't move. His heart high fived his throat.
Tony's body hummed. The apex of energy swirling in his abdomen. The heat of the Captain's mouth was almost too much. Tony's mind was arguing between wonton abandon and the redness of embarrassment wanting to encase his entire body at the idea of how easily he felt himself quickly build towards his release. Tony prided himself in how long he could last. Maybe this was just because of build up? No, this was because the man who stole his heart was finally taking his body.
Tony quipped tucking in his shirt.
Also. Please forgive the italics were they shouldn't be. Phone is being retarded
"Okay. Shoot J." Tony held his original tone of voice.
"Don't laugh okay?  I enjoy Unchained Melody by The Right Brothers and old Christmas tunes"
"The answer is no I haven't Steve. Still to scared." Tony pulled his tablet onto his lap pulling up the digital newspaper.
Steve finally couldn't take anymore and let out a moan, followed by an expletive, then Tony's name. "God, Tony, you're so beautiful. Do you know what you do to me?" Steve whimpered as he ended the question and threw his head back. Pulling on a thin thread of sanity, he ordered Tony to continue.
-------------------O---------------------
"Of course sir."
Steve twisted his hand, searching for that one spot that would make Tony scream. He loved the feeling of the slickness the syrup provided, and had dirty thoughts of licking it up later. The thought made him shiver and laugh quietly.
"If you don't mind something that is broken, then yes. I suck at self help, I keep long hours in the lab and I'm not changing my shitty eating habits. Not even for you Captain. Do you accept the terms and conditions of this arrangement Captain Rogers?"
The girl heard the bell but didn't expect her customer to be Captain Rogers. She tightened her right hand on a bunch of ferns and thanked god they were not roses. "Captain..uuh oops sorry. Mr. Rogers. H...how can I help you?" Her name tag read "Angie" Angie set the ferns aside and smoothed her apron. Waiting attentively.
Tony flopped his arms down dramatically to his sides. "Unbelievable." As he rushed back into the bathroom. Clint could here sink turn on.
"Your hot dude, get over it."
"Okay. What's the question Tony?"
Steve ducked his head (something that Tony is starting to really like.) "Yes Sir. Dr. Banner Sir" Steve jokingly saluted. Another round of laughter.
Steve could barely focus as each of Tony's touches to his skin set off little sparks of lightning in his blood. Steve clinched his jaw, breathing shakily through his teeth, and kept himself upright through sheer strength of will as Tony's touches moved higher.
Steve stopped thrusting ad he heard Tony apologize, then pulled completely from Tony's body. Grabbing Tony gently by the shoulders, steve spun Tony around, smiling. "Tony. Don't feel bad. I'm not mad or upset. The opposite actually. I think it's amazingly erotic that you came so quickly for me. It means I did everything right." His eyes sparkled as he raised his hand to his mouth and started to lick Tony's cum from his fingers.
Tony blinked up at Steve Owlishly.
Tony moved closer to Steve. Gaining in confidence. "Im saying, Steve..." Tony took one of Steve's hands. Placing that hand on Tony's own hip. Then the same with the other hand..."Don't let go. Never let go..." Tony moved in closer. Feeling the warmth of the man before him. "Because if you sink..." Tony's lips now mere centimeters from Steve's mouth. "You cannot hear me when I say I love you."
When the episode ended with a shadowed figure watching the murderess burning evidence, Steve was fit to burst. Someone knew what she had done, but who? The soothing tones of the announcer assured him that answers would be given in the next episode. The agent turned to Steve with a grin.
“Fast. I like it fast and hard when it’s like this.”
“He’s not my Captain. You are.”
Of course, when rescue finally came, it was from a surprising source.
A body. Tony would have a body soon. Steve pondered the implications of this. It was convenient now to have Tony exist as a program. He could be anywhere in the world in the blink of the eye. Sometimes he was even several places at once.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?”
“Will you be naked in this bed with me?”
Steve did not have feelings for Tony Stark. They were friends. That was all. The affection that welled up in his chest was just gratitude. Since moving into Stark’s mansion, Steve had gotten closer and closer to the billionaire. And not in a gay way. In a totally heterosexual and platonic friendship way. It was natural to find your male friend attractive. It was normal to be upset when he spent time away from you. Steve was attached to his friendship.
“ –rald and diamond necklace. Limited time offer.”
Tony lifted Steve’s hands up and pressed kisses into his gloves.
Tony’s grin was vicious as he palmed the front of Steve’s pants. Soft moans echoed all around them. Steve remembered how sweet it had always felt to have Tony all around him. To have Tony in him. He swallowed thickly. Thoughts swam through his head like molasses. When Tony shoved Steve down, he went willingly.
“Look at you. You’re about ready to blow aren’t you?”
Steve came up behind Tony where he stood typing at the desk and rubbed his erection against his pert bottom. There was a brief pause in the glide of Tony’s fingers over the keyboard before he resumed just as before. Steve leaned forward to whisper in his ear.
Snick
“I don’t know. And I don’t know how he-“
“What is it?”
They landed in a messy sprawl in the middle of a grassy field. Trees rose up in every direction, with wild flowers scattered about. It was almost like a scene one would expect in a picture book. Tony groaned as he sat up then looked over at Steve. The faceplate popped up to reveal a huge grin on his face. Steve felt the intense urge to punch those shiny white teeth in.
“I know this cypher.”
No. Nonono. This was worse, so much worse than a beating. The other Rogers had molested Tony. He was- was raping him right on screen in front of Steve and there was nothing Steve could do because it had already happened. Except it didn’t really look like rape. Tony wasn’t protesting anything that was happening and in fact appeared to be enjoying it quite a bit. But that didn’t mean anything. Rogers must have coerced him somehow. But Christ, if this had happened then how in the world had Tony not realized that wasn’t Steve.
How had he not noticed getting hard while Tony rubbed his back? He should have been aware the second it happened. And how had he not noticed that Tony was aroused behind him? He’d been sleepy but it shouldn’t have been enough to make him miss the sizable length that was now pressing into him. Had he been drugged? Normal drugs shouldn’t affect him. He’d eaten dinner with the other Ultimates. The oil? Had Tony put something in the oil? But he’d been touching it too. Steve brought a hand up to shove Tony away as Tony reached down and pinched Steve’s nipple. Steve froze at the shock of it.
The look on Tony’s face now was so much better. He stared down at Steve with his brow furrowed in concentration, a soft light in his eyes. His mouth parted and hot breath puffed out to hit Steve’s overheated skin. Tony’s gaze locked onto Steve’s uncovered eyes. He shifted his weight and brought a hand up to cup Steve’s cheek.
Steve realized as he said the words that it was a good plan. He could work the adrenaline out of his system and get an early start to his day. He’d been getting less sleep than ideal lately, but one more sleepless night wouldn’t kill him. Steve waited as the silence stretched between them for Tony to wish him goodnight and continue stumbling down the hallway. Instead, Tony stared at his liquor.
It wasn’t hard to find his counterpart. Captain America was in the thick of the fighting, just as Steve would have been. They truly were the same person. The impact of his hard-light shield was satisfying, even as Rogers recovered and spun around to fight back. Steve was ready. There was no cosmic cube in play this time. Just fists and shields. There was something pure about fighting like this that dimmed all the chaos around them down to background noise. Steve didn’t even notice the familiar whine of repulsors until Rogers had taken a hit and Tony had swooped down to scoop Steve up.
Steve was glad he had been dressed as Black Panther when they started watching this. His face was probably as red as a tomato.
“I’m pretty sure that term hasn’t applied to me in years. I still have my memories after all. The experiences are there, in my head,” he said with chagrin. Steve reached over and swiped a finger gently across one of Tony’s nipples, delighted when it elicited a moan.
“Watch me”
Steve pushed away his plate, appetite gone now. He could very much understand that, but it didn’t explain why Tony had come to him. If he had the resources to break Steve out of that prison, then surely he could do whatever he wanted on his own. Unless whatever he needed doing was something only Steve could do. A piece of the puzzle was still missing and it itched in his mind. There was more to it than that, and he’d be damned if he trusted this, this thing sitting across from him without the full story. He reached out and grabbed Tony’s gauntlet at the wrist.
A sinking feeling took root in Steve’s stomach. He grappled with what to say to change the subject. Tony was venturing dangerously close to one of Steve’s deepest, darkest secrets. Yet, Steve knew even before Tony spoke his next words that it was too late.
Steve watched the computer monitor over Tony’s shoulder. Anticipation clenched tight in his stomach and kept Steve pressed snug to the slighter man. Feeds from the security cameras popped up on the monitor, displaying Steve and Tony from four angles. Steve grinned and watched on the screen as his hand trailed up and down Tony’s side.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut and shook his head violently as if he could dislodge the truth from his mind. The action had Steve even more concerned.
Steve stood watch in front of the chamber, keeping a silent vigil. He wondered how much longer it would be. Tony had said the process wouldn’t take too long, but he’d been vague on the specifics. Soon. Soon his Tony would have a body and Steve would have more than an empty suit of armor standing by his side.
Steve scrambled after the runaway remote. He stood triumphant with it pointed at the filthy scene now taking place on the television. When had that second fella come in, and what on God’s green Earth were they going to do with that cucumber???
“We’re good.”
“How did you find this all out?”
“That’s exactly my point. The real you wouldn’t ever want to do that.”
The thought took hold in Steve’s mind. Tony, on his knees just as he was now, mouth wrapped around him. He wanted it badly enough that he finally gave in and started tugging down his zipper. He ignored the way Tony’s hands disappeared as he inadvertently moved through them. He kicked off his pants and boxers then glanced back up and stopped breathing for a moment.
Tony nodded along, babbling about how Steve had the best plans. It was hard to keep their hands to themselves with the promise of what would happen next looming over them. Self-restraint had always been one of Steve’s strengths and he prided himself on the way he quickly and efficiently spread soap over Tony’s body. The same could not be said for Tony. He rubbed his hands over every inch of Steve’s body he could reach, no regard for where his hands had already been. He pressed his body up against Steve’s chest, spreading soap where he’d already been cleaned and initiating another round of rinsing.
“I don’t see what’s so funny.”
Tony broke free of his grip and set the glass down on the table with care.
Steve wasn’t on a date with Tony. It was a business dinner between colleagues, no matter what the tabloids would be claiming the next morning. Tony liked to dine in style. He enjoyed treating others. Maybe sharing dessert had been a little unusual. But Tony had been insistent that he try the super fancy dessert with a really long name. And damn, it had been good. It had been so good to spend time with Tony again. Maybe they could pop in a movie when they got home.
It took a few minutes of careful cajoling before Tony finally blinked up at Steve. Tears had gathered at the corner of his eyes and they slid lazy trails down the slope of his face. Steve wondered what nightmare had been plaguing Tony.
Steve was instantly alert as he leapt from bed and pulled on a t-shirt. The knocking was constant now and Steve was tempted to answer the door with a punch in the face to whoever had pulled him from his slumber on his day off. That urge only marginally lessened when he saw Tony Stark on the other side, holding a giftbox and looking for all the world like he had stepped straight off a magazine cover. He peered at Steve over the top of his sunglasses, giving a once-over that had Steve flushing despite their familiarity. Steve glanced down and realized that he was still only wearing his briefs for bottoms. Awareness of the bright afternoon sunlight streaming through his windows followed with dawning horror that he had slept much later than he meant to and certainly much later than was expected of Captain America. Tony flashed a Cheshire Cat grin.
Steve squashed down hope, even as it flared up. He’d wanted Tony on his side so badly, before. He’d dreamed of waking him from his coma and showing him the new world, sitting down and explaining how it had come to be. It would have taken time, and Tony was sure to give him a proper fight, but Steve knew that eventually Tony would have seen the truth and come to his side. Things worked so much better when they were together.
They made love there in the dirt and Steve couldn’t help but feel they were consecrating the soil of this new Earth. Tony was right; it would be theirs for the taking. Suddenly he could picture it, just as Tony had described, only so much more. After all, Earth-616 was tricky and they’d need lots of help to save it. Why should they stop at one Earth? Steve grinned into Tony’s sweaty hair.
Physical fitness was important after all.
Resigning from the Presidency wasn’t a difficult decision. Steve had known at his inauguration this job would only be temporary. Despite what the American people seemed to think, Steve knew he wouldn’t be the right man for the job in the long run. He was a soldier when all was said and done, not a politician. He couldn’t play along with all the life-term politicians mucking up the place with paperwork and red tape. Steve simply didn’t have the patience or temperament needed to lead from behind a desk. Still, it had been nice while it lasted.
“I had champagne brought in for the occasion, if you’d like a glass?”
He briefly entertained the idea of an image inducer, but dismissed it just as quickly. No, even desperate, he wouldn’t fuck a stranger wearing a Tony mask. He’d sounded smug in the letter, rubbing it in Steve’s face. It had to be as close to Tony as possible. Steve’s blood ran cold as a thought struck him.
“Dear, it’s almost 7 o’clock. Steve, would you like to stay and watch with us?”
“The real question here, Cap, is what are you doing awake?”
But that also made him more difficult to monitor and control. Right now, he had to assume that Tony was telling the truth about where he said he was going and what he was doing. Being confined to a physical body again would mean that Tony couldn’t just wander about as he pleased, especially if his original would be waking soon, as Tony said he would be.
He paled as he continued typing and Steve felt his own stomach turn over with each word of the message that was revealed to them. It was the second letter of the day addressed to one’s own self from another, only this one wasn’t addressed to Steve.
Steve did as instructed and watched the screen filter through a number of readings every time he pressed the button. Tony narrated each feature as they popped up. There was a pedometer to measure his steps with a conversion to miles walked, an estimate of calories burned, a sleep monitor to ensure healthy sleep cycles, and finally a heartrate monitor. Tony explained with manic glee that the watch could be hooked up to a computer via a wire that was still in the box and Steve would be able to chart his activities over a time frame of his choosing. And yes, the doo-dad was water-submersible, so Steve had at least gotten that part right.
“Sure, I could use a new workout buddy.”
Steve’s tired mind fumbled for an excuse, any excuse that would satisfy Tony and send him on his way.
“This body of yours…it’s new.”
The television came to life with a soft click.
“I. I can’t answer that right now, Tony. So much of myself, of who I am, is wrapped up in a false life. I’ve only just begun unraveling what is mine and what is His. I thought I loved Sharon, that what the two of us had was strong enough to last through anything. I was wrong about that, clearly. I need to be careful not to let what happened when I was living His life interfere with the true reality. He loved Tony Stark, in that other life, but I don’t know yet if I love Tony Stark in this life.”
“Please don’t be mad. I did this for you, for us. I love you. You know I do.”
Dreams didn’t mean anything. It was just his subconscious reliving the best damn blowjob of his life. Even when the dreams featured much more than Tony’s mouth around his dick. Dreaming about fucking Tony didn’t mean that he actually wanted to. He was just feeling a little guilty that Tony had made him feel so good and then Steve had just left him to finish off alone. He didn’t want Tony to think he was a selfish lover. That was all. He was grateful to Tony. The empty feeling he got when stimulating himself in the shower was nothing. Steve had just been single for too long.
They stood there together, staring at the two words at the end of the message. That one single line seemed to suck the last of Steve’s strength from him and he leaned forward onto the console, knuckles pressed to the metal surface and head hung low. Even with his eyes closed the words were right there in front of him, a declaration of war that never seemed to end. A hand brushed over his back. Steve let the weight of it settle there.
Tony turned around and gave him a look that screamed disbelief. He opened his mouth to argue the point and Steve took the opportunity to press their lips together. He leaned back and Tony stared at him in wonder. “I don’t let just anybody sleep next to me, you know. It’s got to be somebody I trust.”
Tony moved in a slow, sensual grind. Steve’s hands flew to his hips in a futile attempt to hold onto his sanity. He knew he was probably squeezing harder than he should, but he couldn’t help himself.
Steve’s anger reared up at those words. He hated when Tony acted like this, like he knew everything and any other contradicting opinion wasn’t even worth considering. Where did he get off dismissing what was clearly a logical theory?
Steve brought his hand back up to cup Tony’s face and rub his thumb soothingly over Tony’s cheekbone.
Tony worked his dick in time to Steve’s thrusts. He felt himself getting closer to climax and started sucking harder. Tony strained against Steve’s grip to force himself further, determined to get Steve’s cock all the way down his throat. He gagged at the first touch to the back of his throat but forced himself to keep going and ignore the tears in his eyes. His airflow constricted and Tony’s fist started moving faster. So close now.
The box underneath was plain carboard with no discernable features to hint at what may lie beneath. Finally, Steve removed the top and frowned down at the contents. He had no idea what he was looking at. It was about the size and shape of a watch, though the straps looked like they were made out of soft plastic rather than leather or metal. There was no clock face, only a smooth glass rectangle opposite the buckle. Maybe it was one of those new-fangled digital watches? Steve looked to Tony for explanation.
They had celebrated by taking a short walk through the woods surrounding their cabin. It had given Steve the opportunity to assess Tony’s mobility and coordination, and Tony the chance to touch everything they came across, from the burbling creek, to the crunchy leaves underfoot, to the squishy moss growing on rocks and trees. Steve had worried it would be too much, too soon, but Tony was of the firm opinion that jumping into the deep end was the best way to make sure he was fully recuperated.  Plus, he was bored of lying in the cabin with nothing to look at except the same four walls.
Steve continued to watch as he realized that this new show was some kind of hospital drama. Perhaps it was like that soap opera he’d been introduced to. His suspicions were confirmed a few minutes later when one of the female interns dragged her male coworker into a break room for sex. This was exactly like the soap operas, then. He fetched his cookies and milk, then settled in to try and understand the plot. He hoped there wouldn’t be too many characters he’d have to learn about.
Rogers was an exact copy of Steve in every way, physically. That was Steve’s cock on camera pounding into Tony’s spread ass. Damn that man. He knew Steve liked that, liked watching himself entering his partner and emerging covered in their combined fluids. The sight was as obscene as it was intoxicating and Steve couldn’t look away as his double came because he’d always -
Tony gave Steve a look that Steve had learned from his soap operas was usually accompanied by the phrase “oh honey.” Fortunately, Tony refrained from this pronouncement, though Steve knew it was there, hanging in the air between them.
“Let me know if you’d like more or less pressure.”
“You’re not ready for that yet. Me touching you, it’s overwhelming beyond the point of pleasure right now, isn’t it?”
It was like a punch to the gut. He’d known. He’d always known, but he’d never had it confirmed, so he hadn’t truly known it. He shut his eyes against the swell of emotions. He was stronger than this. It was his other self that was the weak one, not him. This wasn’t even the real Tony. It would be stupid to lose himself to emotions that weren’t even his. He needed to stay focused on his mission.
“Not that it’s not a lovely offer, Cap, but I don’t do…that. So I’ll just be on my way now and we can never speak of this again.”
Tony stopped his fingers mere centimeters from the damp spot that had appeared on Steve’s briefs. He traced a single finger over Steve’s washboard abs, the muscles quivering in his wake. Still on his knees, Tony quirked an eyebrow up at Steve, dick tenting his pants between his spread legs. Steve gathered his resolve and lay back down on the couch.
The part of himself that Tony hated flared to life with hope as their mouths finally met. Wrong. This was absolutely wrong. This wasn’t how this was supposed to go.
His breath caught at the sound of a creaky floorboard down the hall. He glanced over at his alarm clock. The short hand pointed at 3, meaning it was either too late or too early for anyone else to be up right now. Perhaps he’d woken for a reason after all.
He replaced Tony’s hand with his own and aimed his cock to deliver thick spurts of jism all up Tony’s stomach and chest, nearly reaching his face.  Satisfied for the moment, Steve ran his hands through the fast-cooling come, rubbing it into Tony’s skin.
“So how ‘bout it, Cap?”
“I’m not having sex with you tonight.”
“Fuck me, huh? I thought that’s what you wanted. You used to anyway. It certainly looks like you’re up for it now, too.”
Scenarios and strategies for each flew through Steve’s head as he thought for a moment on how he might answer. He needed Tony right now if he was going to be able to continue on with any kind of schedule. But he also could not bring himself to admit that he carried the same weaknesses as that other Rogers. And even if he could, those feelings would be for the original Tony. What was standing with him now was simply a copy that could be playing a game with him for all Steve knew. He could always lie, but the mere suggestion of doing so put a bitter taste in his mouth.
“That seems like an exaggeration.”
Steve’s brow furrows at that. “That’s…”
He hesitates, but Fury, it seems, has no such compunction and steps briskly through the open doorways.  “Mind if I tag along?”
Steve draws up. “That…that makes no sense!” He thinks frantically of the two hundred miles between D.C. and New York City and what that distance could mean to a body in trauma. Getting Natasha back to the city would take time, time she most certainly couldn’t spare. Surely it would make more sense to get her to a local hospital as quickly as possible.
“Don’t apologize,” Steve interrupts, mirroring his own earlier assertion.  “Never for that.”  They sit for a moment in silence, and then, for the first time since his panic attack started, Steve lips quirk upward in a brief attempt to find something salvageable in their mutually fucked up lives.
Tony snorts; as if.  “No, at least not for another ten years or so.”
It’s by no means his most inspired or technically proficient drawing.  In fact, all he’s done is recreate the scene just visible through the glass of the workshop:  Tony, bent over a workbench with some sort of delicate welding tool in hand.  The inventor’s mouth hangs slightly askew and his tongue just peeks out between over the left edge of his, as if an awkward facial contortion will somehow increase his concentration.  On the page, as in real life, Tony seems caught in the moment between stillness and movement, his inactivity poised to give way to finely-calibrated action.  He’s only got the bare bones of a sketch, and the items on the table are somewhat unfinished, but Tony’s hands and eyes are rendered in perfect detail.  Taking in the result of his inattentive sketching, Steve can only draw one possible conclusion; he has undeniable feelings for Tony Stark.
be here by now.”
“Steve, I am a pioneer in green energy.  SI runs one of the most prominent lithium ion recycling programs, and we’ve spearheaded several initiatives to cut carbon emissions.  I think I’ve earned this.”
Later, Steve will look back on this remark as the moment he really should have connected the dots. At the moment, however, his only concern is making sure his best friend and the woman that friend loves are able to survive this. It leaves him dreadfully unprepared for what comes next.
It takes several seconds to get an answer, and Steve spends them all staring at an immobile suit. Finally, Iron Man replies. “Fine. We’ll try.”
“They wanted us on sight to monitor the situation in case things went south.  There’s no way to tell if this one’s from Asgard, but we’re the only ones with any sort of experience fighting extraterrestrials.”
“Sir, I must warn you that the emissions from this particular isotope are already displaying signs of instability.  Increasing the current will most likely result in –”
She waits a moment before adding one more line.
He’s still a bit confused. Sure, he remembers crazy Mrs. Jankowski, his childhood neighbor from down the street who thought radio waves were going to cook her brain, but he can’t exactly see how the memory of his former neighbor would help clarify the current situation.
Steve’s lips roll in on themselves, and he ducks his head down as if he’s in pain.
The abrupt tangent takes some of the wind out of her sails, and she plops down against his very dusty couch. She clenches her jaw for a moment and then speaks softly. “Come home.”
“I don’t think you should go back there,” Steve warns, at last breaking out of his momentary fugue and getting involved in the proceedings.
He really has no sense of how long it takes Steve to come down, but every added second is far too long.  After an interminably long span, Steve finally manages to choke out a word.
“You’re in
Steve’s never really thought about what it must mean to rub shoulders with the vast majority of people that appear on their television screens. He knows he’s met some of these people at Avengers glad-handing events, but he tries to keep his personal and his private lives separate. Natasha’s been doing this her whole life. It stands to reason that she would
“That’s understandable.”
Tasha continues on, seemingly oblivious to the dots that are connecting in Steve’s head, the connections he’s drawing between his best friend and their benefactor, and the onslaught of conclusions that ripple through his brain. “Still can’t quite get away with a v-neck in public, but I flashed a lifetime’s worth of cleavage in my twenties anyway. Being able to shoot plasma blasts from my hands is a worthy trade-off.”
He laughs, but even he can tell it’s entirely devoid of humor.  “Oh, if only that was all of it.”
Tony blinks rapidly.  “Run that by me again?”
Steph smiles against her will.  “Not exactly, no.”  Although Tasha is.  At least, she wears enough yoga pants around the Mansion to suggest the hobby.  Not that Steph’s thought about it a lot.
and still cares for him despite the fact that he’s lied about his double life for months.  Of course, apparently Tony’s been doing the exact same thing, but they can figure all that out later.  Right now, all he cares about is Tony, the way his lips feel on top of his own and the weight of the other man on top of him.
Steve shakes his head and begins to shuffle his feet.  “I’m fine.  Let’s do this.”
“Really?” he asks.
“I think I must have crashed last night,” he starts somewhat guiltily, rubbing his eyes and taking stock of his surroundings.
“I just went for a run,” he says as he walks in the door.  “I haven’t been able to get out that much here recently.”
“Not quite sure why I would be looking for cats, but I was pretty much able to find everything I search for.  Ana’s great.”
Because Steve’s instinctual response to thinking about Natasha Stark and Iron Man as a couple is
After an uncomfortably long silence, he composes himself enough to cease his impression of a drunken owl and take the bouquet from a now blushing Steve.
“Everyone fall back!” he cries, waving his arms so everyone will gather behind him.  He raises his shield and nods toward Iron Man.
“Aside from Dum-E,” Tony cuts in with a tired grin.
“Technically, but...wait, when did you become an expert on lithium ion batteries?  I thought you didn’t know anything about this stuff!”
“It’s a miniaturized cold fusion device.”
“What does that even mean?”
“Steve,” Tony replies, “that is not a phone.  That is a fossil.  I’m pretty sure I’ve seen that exact model marketed to senior citizens during Jeopardy between commercials for AARP and Life Alert.”
“I’ll think about it,” he says after a moment.
“Is that…Tony?”
Steve chuckles a bit at that.  He assumes he’s just gotten the equivalent of a shovel talk from Tony’s AI, but he’s can’t exactly disagree with anything that JARVIS has said, given that he happens to agree with most of the assertions.  Only time will tell if he and Tony are better off together.
Steve is Captain America, so the story is less
“Private,” he supplies, inserting Shellhead’s terminology.
They meet the next day at a coffee shop a couple of blocks from headquarters.  It’s a quaint little place full of women in yoga pants and hipsters typing on laptops.  They pay a ridiculous amount of money for two basic cups of coffee and slide into one of the more secluded tables.
First and foremost, he should have knocked. He usually does out of deference to Shellhead’s privacy and in his defense, he’d fully expected the room to be empty. He wasn’t expecting Iron Man back from California until later this morning, and since he hadn’t told Steve about any change in his plans, Steve had felt comfortable enough to make his way upstairs with the morning paper’s scathing review of the latest Hammer tech. He’d figured it would make a nice welcome home surprise for his friend. Turns out, Steve was the one who was in for a surprise, because that is undoubtedly one Natasha Antonia Stark sprawled face-down on Iron Man’s bed, her arms cradling a pillow, her dark hair fanned out over her back, and her body gentling stirring to consciousness. He wants, he
“Yeah, and go ahead and throw in the A-9 as well.  It lasted the longest in the mock trials, but I still have no idea why.”
The two men stare at each other across the now-considerable distance that separates them.  Steve can tell that Stark is furious, but that doesn’t stop him from holding his ground, and he deliberately maintains eye contact.  He’s not about to break first.
“There you are!” she exclaims.
He’s trying to think of an appropriately witty response when the phone buzzes again.
He can’t stop the immediate
Steve briefly considers asking Clint to fire another arrow, but it’s too risky, not while Thor is that close to the target.  He casts around for other options.  There’s got to be something here that can be repurposed…
To be honest, he sort of preferred the discretion.  The only people in his life who truly mattered to him, loved him for who he was. Which was always more than enough and the relative anonymity allowed him a modicum of freedom during his personal time.  With the cowl, he could be Captain America, the soldier his country needed; without it, he could still be Steve, a normal guy from Brooklyn.  His body might’ve belonged to the US government, but his face has always been his own.
It doesn’t.
“Nothing,” he reaffirms.  It only takes him a few blinks to break.  “Nothing business related.  I’m just texting Steve.”
“If he’s so hard-headed, why work with him?” he asks, not quite managing to keep the displeasure out of his voice.
It’s been nice, incorporating this training with Nat and Clint into his daily schedule.  When they’d gotten back from their prolonged stakeout mission, they both had been receptive to his suggestion that they start training as a team and crafting a fighting style that prioritizes collaboration over individual abilities.  So far, their three person team had been going rather well.  He can see a definite improvement in their performance over the past few sessions, and he has a feeling they’re only going to get better as time goes by.
“You wouldn’t like me in the morning,” Tony grumbled in his arms. Next to them on the nightstand the ice clinked together as it melted. Steve was pretty sure he’d like Tony better in the morning after a nice hot shower and some breakfast that wasn’t soaked in alcohol. But he’d take what he could get for now.
“Yeah, Tony, that’s you.”
“I’ve heard we’re celebrating your retirement, Darling.”
Break The Walls of Cryogenic Slime
He’d known that massage parlors and spas were popular, but he hadn’t seen what all the fuss was about. The appeal became clear with Tony kneading the tension out of his body bit by bit. He lost track of time as his consciousness floated. It could have been ten minutes or an hour. Fingers moved over his hips, up his sides, down his spine, around his neck, through his hair. There was a vague sense of arousal mixed with the pleasure, lazy and unhurried. He paid it no mind as he drifted, with sleep clouding in at the edges of his mind. Steve felt honey-dipped in sunshine with all his cares falling away. When was the last time he’d ever felt this relaxed?
“Tony.”
“I like you just fine Tony.”
Steve teased Tony with his cock, rubbing the head over his rosebud but not yet entering, just spreading the lube around.
“ –ale going on now. Two days on-”
“And then I find you at home sleeping well-past noon when by all accounts you should have already gotten all hot and sweaty and be tucking into a super-soldier-sized lunch by now. One would almost think you don’t actually like to exercise, Captain.”
The projection was in the center of the room now, holographic clothes gone. It should have been weird, seeing another person naked like this, all static-y and blue, but it was Tony and that just made it all the more erotic.
Tony took a moment to admire the penis in front of him. If he were being honest with himself, he’d thought about this more times than was strictly healthy. But then again, this had been one of his favorite jerk-off fantasies as a teenager. And oh, yes, that one very vivid dream on Barton’s farm after they’d chopped wood together. Really, he was only human after all.
Steve was annoyed at Tony’s perception. He wasn’t wrong though. The irony didn’t escape him; the longest he’d ever been in his office was his last night.
Steve grinned back at Tony.
“Kinda.”
Steve had expected dirty talk. He had prepared himself for the kind of filth he’d heard spewed at Natasha. What Steve hadn’t expected, what he couldn’t have anticipated, were the delicious moans and sweet whispers. He hadn’t known Tony would pull him in and kiss him breathless. He hadn’t a notion that Tony could sound so wretched and broken while pleading with Steve to give him more. More kisses, more touches, more fingers, more cock, more, more, more. Tony was greedy and Steve was more than happy to cater to his demands.
“But you know, darling, films can only do so much. If you ever want to experience some man-on-man action up-close and in-person, you only have to ask. I’ll be going back to my bedroom now. If you want to join me, Captain, you know where it is.”
Steve laid an arm over his eyes, desperate to block out the knowledge of what he was letting happen. He bit his lips around a groan. This went against everything he’d been taught, everything he believed in. This was a sin, a voice whispered in the back of his head, worse than anything else they’d done. Tony was fucking him and Lord help him, but it felt so good. It was too much and not enough all at once and Steve never wanted it to stop. He should stop this. It was too late to stop this. It had been too late the moment Steve had seen that damn video. The video…
“I’m not going to fuck you, Tony.”
Tony did something and Steve stopped thinking, stopped breathing for a moment. Then Tony was pushing back in, thicker this time and Steve realized dizzily that Tony had added a third finger. He kept up the little licks around his fingers as Steve’s muscles spasmed in time to his pulse. Tony had never taken it this far before.
When Steve entered the room, Tony took several moments to react. He blinked slowly and thought carefully about what words he should speak. This would be the first chance he’d have to voice his mind; it was imperative that he didn’t mess this up.
Steve sucked in a breath, closed his eyes, and stood up. Before he could think too much about it, Steve pushed his pants down quickly and then sat once more. Tony’s eyes focused briefly on his groin and then fell back to the floor. Steve returned his right foot to Tony’s lap. Tony worked at his calves with the same sedate pace he’d used on his back, right then left, up to his thighs and back. He never touched Steve’s hard cock, never even acknowledged it. Steve allowed himself to relax and ignored the strange disappointment every time Tony got close and then deliberately moved back away.
It takes Steve a moment to process the implications of the
The thing is, Tony very rarely goes into hardware mode.  Sure, when he needs something built, he most likely will end up doing it himself, but the hardware phase is pretty much always preceded by days’ worth of calculation and digital simulations.  The man spends much more time manipulating holographs than working with physical materials.  On the rare occasions that he does break out the power tools, Steve knows he’s in for a treat.  Tony approaches any sort of mechanically based activity with a startling intensity, his usual manic energy transformed into meticulous concentration.  The hands that gesture so wildly when Tony speaks become finely calibrated instruments of creation as the inventor painstakingly navigates his way between one delicate wire and the next.  At times like those, Tony’s energy is magnetic and no less powerful for being contained.
Tony circles the statue, if only for a momentary distraction.  “Lordy, this thing is terrifying up close.”
.”  Thank God his committee had bought it.  Over the years, he’d thought Dum-E had gotten slightly less, well,
Steve doesn’t seem like he’s on board, though.  “That seems like a horrible decision,” he says with slight distaste.
“Gee, I wonder why?  Been busy or something?”
“Here’s to that.” Tony inclines his head in acknowledgment.  “Sorry I’m not the best company right now.  I’ve just got a lot on my mind.”
“Iron Man?  Iron Man what’s your status?”
Makeshift spear in hand, Steve starts his countdown.  “Three, two, one…”
“With pleasure, Sir.”
It turns out, the reactor is somewhat of a picky eater.  She dines only on the purest offerings palladium or vibranium, and heaven forbid you try to substitute something different.  Apparently, plutonium is the broccoli of viable fissle materials.  The problem is palladium is one of the rarest minerals on earth to mine, and vibranium is expensive as fuck to produce.  Neither are going to be a viable element for the new reactor, at least not with the production scale he’s envisioning.  Nope, he’s just going to have to keep looking and hopes that he finds a suitable replacement before he spontaneously combusts from sheer frustration.
“I’m not quite sure I follow you,” Tony answers, still puzzled.  Yet while his voice is confused, his eyes are strangely open and vulnerable in a way that Steve doesn’t get to see very often.  It gives him the confidence to push just one step further.
She knows him far too well, but the flip side of that is he knows her too. “Hypocrite.”
“From what we could tell, there was some sort of blast in a basement over on Moss Street.  The fire department’s there now, but witness reported seeing a man who walked out of the flames and somehow managed to flip two cars.”
He deliberately works to quell his excitement before responding.  “I don’t think so.”
“Nothing. She’s just…intimidating. Very, very intimidating.”
Unhooking his arm from the straps of his shield, he rotates the shield so that it’s parallel to the ground and curls his body inward,  If she’s anything like Loki, this won’t kill the enchantress, but it should be more than enough to stop her temporarily.  Putting all of his strength into his right arm, he tosses the shield like a discus in a direct line toward the levitating woman.
“What exactly is the problem then, Steve? Cause you get along with Nat just fine, so don’t tell me you have some weird sexist hangup, and I’ve
Her answer indicates that she’s at least somewhat in agreement. “Want to spend some more?” she asks, as if the question even requires a response.
“– I just couldn’t think of a place to start.”
Steve wants to argue, to insist that he’s ready to do something useful. But he really doesn’t have a leg to stand on. Fury’s right; he’d be more of a hindrance than a help at this point.
his brain supplies.  A lot could mean anything.
It’s the nickname that does it.  As impossible as it may seem, Tony has somehow put together all of the pieces and arrived at the right conclusion.  Still, he seems remarkably unfazed about it.  He’s calmly sipping his tumbler of scotch while Steve’s whole world falls apart.
It takes Tony a moment to answer.  “True,” he finally breaks out, but his eyes still look really devious.
"Thanks,” he says in as neutral of tone as possible.  “I know this can't have been much fun for you, but I appreciate it. It was nice to have you around."
“That’s the one.  Please do your country a service and go feed the man.  And if you can, convince one of your buddies with the shrimp to do the same.”  There’s barely enough food at these events for a regular person, but it must be terrible for someone with Steve’s metabolism.
“Yeah, Steve. It’s always been me.”
Tony starts their descent, and Steve grabs on just a little bit tighter in preparation for impact.
“That’s the one.”
Subject: Irony
?  Volume 3, Pepper.  Seriously.  Does that mean he’s already read volumes one and two?!?!?
can talk,” Tony corrects.  “He can also hear you and can answer for himself.”
Whatever he was envisioning, the reality is distinctly worse.  The sculptures weren’t fashioned in the most realistic style, but they’re
“We’re not the ones who started it!” Tony’s voice echoes back.  The last word is strangely clipped, as if he’s been cut off abruptly.
He acknowledges this, even as he stumbles down the hallway and blatantly ignores Natasha’s voice calling out for him to stop.
“You asked to see me, sir?” Steve asks.
It all comes bursting out in one sustained rush.  “You get to have someone that knows both sides of you, the hero and the human and accepts them both. None of the stuff that we do is going to take Natasha by surprise. She’s a part of it. Hell, she’s behind most of it. So if you’ve found someone doesn’t just tolerate what we do but
She goes with the most conservative answer possible.
“I…” he stumbles, “I just wanted to give you space.”
“We can reschedule if you want.” Steve is committed to making sure that he gets along with Shellhead’s girlfriend, but he’s not exactly sure if he is at the point where he can do that without an intermediary.
“And you ended up dating the man because…”  She waits, her eyes expectant.
It’s as if the air has been sucked out of the room. They're both breathing hard, and he can see the elevated rise and fall of Natasha's chest. He’s not used to this. For so long he’s been forced to guess at what’s going on behind his friend’s faceplate, and over the years he’s come to make the most of a shoulder raise or the tilt of a head. But this…this is an embarrassment of riches. Natasha’s face has always been expressive, but he’s never had a reason to watch it so closely before. There’s reason enough now.
“Yes, but you don’t need to tell Fury that!”  Stark sighs.  “Look, your job was to encourage me to finish the Helicarrier designs, right?  Well, encourage me.  It’s not your fault that I’m a stubborn ass.  Just stop by for a bit everyday to cover your tracks and tell Nick you’re working on wearing me down.”
Pepper glares at the phone glued to his hand.  “You’ve been attached to that thing for the last thirty minutes.  Is there something going on that I don’t know about?”
He knocks a bit harder, but still nothing.
“See you tonight then.” She glances between Steve and the elevator in a clear invitation for him to make his way out, and Steve takes it.
(and, oh, there’s a story there).  Ergo, she’d claimed, the government could not curtail the actions of a private citizen, nor could they lay claim to the Iron Woman technology, which was private intellectual property.  If she chooses to distribute privately owned footage of an event that happened in a very public venue in the interest of transparency, well that was her business now, wasn't it?  She also manages to insinuate, mid-rant, that she’d been very nice about not disclosing the origins of the missile strike, because the public might be interested to know that a subset of the United Nations had fired on New York City.
to his list of things to ask JARVIS before replying.  “Nothing.  We’re just trying to figure out what we want to do for lunch.”
“Yes, I promise!” he insists.  “Cross my heart, pinky swear, and all that jazz.”
“Easy’s not really my style.”
“Seriously though…” Steve struggles to find the right wording if such a thing even exists. “Can you…? When you’re together, do you have to wear the armor or…?”
Less than 24 hours after the Chitauri attack, she’s on every major news network giving anyone who’ll listen a play-by-play of events.  She’s loud and she’s abrasive and she’s the very definition of
It’s fine, though.  Steph’s dealing with it.  Coming to grips with the woman’s existence is just harder when they’re sharing a living space.
“Is!” Steve insists. “I mean…that guy doesn’t really exist. You do.”
Tony glances towards Clint’s direction, assumedly zooming in on the archer.  “We’re hedging our bets on the guy with the bow and arrow?
“Satellite imagery showing anything?”
Tony keeps going.  “But I will,” he insists, “always do my best to come back.  I know my risks, and I know my limits, not to mention, I’m sort of invested in making my way back home.”  He brings his own hands up to draw Steve’s head down so that their foreheads are touching.
is making its way towards them.  He’s not quite sure what it is – it looks like something straight out of the science fiction novels he read as a kid – but it has to be some kind of robot.  A metal pincer is mounted atop a Z-shaped frame, which looks like it can expand and contract to change the robot’s height.  It proceeds toward them on wheels, making an odd series of beeps and whistles.
“Jeezus, warn a guy, would you!”  Tony spins to see Steve behind him, his eyes abnormally wide.  “They’re just holograms.  Granted, mine are definitely more advanced than anything SHIELD has, but they’re comparable.”
“We can fix that,” Tony repeats.  “Steve, in addition to my impressive tech credentials, I am a veritable fount of random pop culture knowledge.  I have accumulated decades of sci-fi data, my lab playlist is a carefully cultivated mix of essential rock classics, and years of SI functions have forced me to keep current with high-brow entertainment.  Trust me, you’re in good hands.  We’ll get you caught up to speed.”
“Exactly!”  Tony cuts in.  “It’s best to just lay your cards on the table.”
Thor reaches out and places a comforting hand on his shoulder.  “Do not fret, Captain.  Given your heroic actions today, I’m sure your valor will be noted in your kingdom’s annals of patriotism.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” he blurts out, with just a tinge of the anger that Steve’s been expecting this entire time.  He quickly tosses back the remaining liquid in his glass and exhales sharply.  When he looks back up, his always-expressive eyes are remarkably vulnerable, and this, Steve knows, this is the pivot point.
Tony’s eyes blink in rapid succession.  “Both of those sound really good right now.”
“I don’t, or at least I didn’t.  But I read the manual.”
“You’d better,” she sits up, flipping up a small light on the bedside table. This is exactly the outcome Steve had tried to avoid because he knows that Tasha will take forever to get back to sleep. She’ll be up for a bit now, most likely fiddling with a tablet, and he won’t be there to cajole her into putting it away. Still, he doesn’t regret staying with her until the last possible second.
Steve watches Tony walk away with something like despair.  This cannot end well.
Steve understands the situation all too well, because it’s his reality too, and the thought of that reality being compromised is tearing him up inside. “And is it?” he posits. “Ruined?”
When he’d first hacked into the comlinks, he’d thought the voice coming over the line had just sounded like Steve; understandable, since he was probably about two seconds away from kissing the guy before that stupid alarm had ruined everything.  But then he’d got to the park, seen the man on the ground, and he’d known.  He’d just known.
After Howard died, Tony reluctantly took over his yearly arctic fishing expedition.  He’s read the transcripts from the crash, knows all about the raincheck that never got cashed, and he’s pretty sure he knows exactly what’s running through Steve’s head right now.
Steve’s still not quite sure what to make of it.  “You didn’t have to do that,” he persists.  “I didn’t need anyone to step in.  Things were going well.”
“So Cap,” he says, his voice equal parts teasing and seduction, “now that I’ve seen your face, how do you feel about me seeing the rest of you?
fought alongside the Avengers.
Rogers had the gall to look somewhat chagrined before he’d started speaking.  “I was hoping this was a better time to talk.”
.  Of course it’s
“It really wasn’t.”
Natasha goes on.  “You’re carrying an unreleased StarkPhone.  You see Tony Stark on a daily basis in his personal lab.
Tasha tilts her head, somehow managing to convey sass while encased in armor.  “Just…come here.”
Tony laughs at that, the quick bark ringing throughout the room.  “In a manner of speaking,” he answers, and his voice rings with some sort of joke that Steve’s not getting.
Slightly embarrassed, Steve reaches to pluck his phone from Clint’s hands.  “No, that was Tony actually.  He gave me an SI prototype, since he disapproved of the model SHIELD gave me.”  That was probably an understatement.
“Moving them into position now, Sir.  It will take some time to get the readings.”
Clint spins.  “You couldn’t have done that earlier?”
“What do you think of me and Tony?” he reiterates.  “If you’ve seen everything that goes on down here, then you must have some opinion of how we relate to each other.”
“WHAT!?” he bursts out loudly at the SHIELD agent.  “What do you mean you don’t have a laptop?”
“Uh huh.”
Oh, that’s all.  Just build a better molecule.  As if that’s something remotely doable.
“Tony, I like you.”
All find their mark, and for a moment Steve allows himself to hope that they’ve found a solution.  He waits for the creature to fall over, as all possible forms of logic suggests it should, but, miraculously, the figure remains on its feet.  Instead of collapsing under the impact of the arrows, it reaches for the shafts burrowed in its chest, rips them loose, and tosses them aside.
Steve sits up, suddenly invested in the conversation.
“Goodnight, Natasha.”
Steve’s mind is still reeling, struggling to comprehend that his best friend and now boyfriend is also the man he’s fought aliens with
“All of this is so strange for me,” he starts in what he personally considers a drastic understatement. “Iron Man was my best friend.” It’s an admittedly horrible beginning, if only for the way that she blanches.
Sent: Sunday, February 12, 10:27 AM
Apparently not, because the next thing he knows he feels a slight shift along his leg, and
From: Stark, Tony
Steve laughs, although there’s no humor in it.  “Yeah, right.”
The man nods and makes his way across the room to where Steve is talking to someone from Veterans Affairs.  When the waiter holds up his tray for inspection, Steve smiles and takes two of the proffered appetizers.
He’s watching cell phone footage of the Hulk in upper Manhattan (seriously, people can take videos with their cell phones now) when Stark finally gets through with the repair men.
“You mean – ”  Steve nods toward the display of armors along the far wall, and Tony braces himself.  They’ve never really talked about the red and gold elephants in the room, but now, if ever, is the time.
“Babe, I’m ineligible to wear white based on tonight’s activities alone,” she drawls. “Besides, I look good in red. You like me in red.”
“Surprise?” Her voice is emotional, but he can’t exactly pinpoint the blend of feelings contained in that one word.
Steve fears that the hammer will suffer the same fate as his shield, but Mjolnir apparently has advanced supernatural characteristics.  When the hammer reaches the enchantress, she recoils from the impact and falls from the air.  Steve expects her to crumple on the ground, but she’s got one last surprise up her sleeve.  Instead of collapsing on solid earth, she disappears, leaving only rubble and dust as her legacy.
“So am I,” Stark replies.  He gestures to the wide expanse of his lab.  “Look, if you haven’t noticed, I’m a bit busy here.  I’ve got about six different projects going at once, and SHIELD is way down on the list of nonessentials.”
There doesn’t seem to be a better way to transition to the whole ‘I know-your-secret’ part of the evening, so Tony allows himself a brief moment of panic before charging full steam ahead.
Tony swallows, and his voice is mildly strangled when he answers.  “Isn’t it supposed to be the other way around?”
“Vitaelia!”  Thor’s deep echoes across the plaza, and the levitating woman recoils in fear.
“It’s five o’clock somewhere,” he shrugs, crossing to pour himself a brandy.  When he turns back around, the other man looks somewhat disapproving, his eyes shifting back and forth between Tony’s face and the tumbler.
If finding Natasha in Iron Man’s bed had thrown him for a loop, this latest development has sent him into a tailspin, and at this point, his brain is physically incapable of aligning with true north. Still, this most recent discovery of Natasha’s double life has inspired a different flavor of panic. This is the sharp, bitter pang of shock, and it will pass in time. What’s disturbing him most is the softer feeling of relief that’s settled in after the rush of excitement has faded.
“No thanks.”  Steph would rather eat broken glass than willfully put herself through that circus again.
“It could end badly.”
He owes his friend an answer, but he has no idea what to say. “It’s complicated, he insists. “She seems…” he struggles for a word to express his feelings, but none seem adequate. “Nice,” he concludes lamely.
“What about – ” Clint’s voice trails off, but his eyes travel up and down Steve’s frame, and it only takes a moment to guess what he’s asking.
Such cattiness deserves appetizers.  Catching the eye of one of the circulating waiters, Tony gestures for him to come closer.
and save this title for a later date.”
She smiles and the movement transforms her face. He wonders just how many smiles that he’s been an unknowing witness to, how many grins and smirks and laughs have been hidden behind a faceplate. Dozens? Hundreds? It doesn’t matter. He just knows he wants to see that smile again and, with luck and effort, inspire a few.
Natasha wisely retreats as he moves forward, and it’s all he can do to keep from gasping out loud.  Steve’s not moving because he’s not conscious.  No, more than that, he’s not
Steve is less than amused.  “It's not a super-dancer serum.”
Steve takes a breath; he needs to get this one right.  “Considering that I haven’t seen a fraction of the films Tony has, he sort of has an unfair advantage in this whole texting-gif thing.  I’m working with limited resources, and I was just hoping you’ll help me even the odds.”
Tony nods in understanding, and Steve shifts his weight to the balls of his feet.  “On my mark, we move forward.  I throw, you grab, that thing goes right in the East River.”  Tony remains silent, but the repulsors in his palm roar to life.
It’s not like he hasn’t had people try to cozy up to him before, but this time it’s personal.  Steve came into his home; no, Steve came into his lab.  He played with Dum-E and he claimed a spot on the couch and he made himself an essential part of his existence under false pretenses.  If Steve did all that for one of Fury’s screwed up power plays, well then fuck him, fuck him very much.
“It is a rather bizarre film.”  The projection shifts to display an image of a man in a feathered hat with a longbow who’s balancing four, five,
”  He smirks.  “Pretentious boarding school curriculum and a photographic memory.  I know my Latin and my Horace, alter boy.”
“Okay, how about this?  I solemnly swear that if I don’t meet Mount Sinai’s construction deadline, I’ll start working on those Helicarriers.”
Steve needs to punch some aliens.  He needs to punch aliens very, very badly.
for texture.  The entire spray is wrapped in some sort of florist’s tissue, which crinkles as Steve extends his arm.  That visual does nothing to explain the presence of said florals.
It’s Natasha’s house, and Steph is a guest.  She reminds herself of this whenever Natasha makes her feel like pulling out her hair, which is an all-too-frequent occurrence.  The woman leaves coffee cups all over the place, can’t keep shoes on for more than thirty minutes at a time, and has never heard the word ‘schedule’ in her life, much less thought of following one.  If she had, Pepper would be a lot less stressed out and Natasha would actually
Her lips taste faintly salty from the tears that escaped during the last bits of their conversation, and he can still smell a hint of antiseptic on her skin. Their kiss is desperate and it’s rough and it takes him a few seconds to get into it but god it’s exactly what he’d never know to ask for but now can’t imagine existing without.
She tries to sit up against her pillows only to wince and settle back down. She sighs, stares up at the ceiling and begins. “At first…plausible deniability. In the beginning I was still figuring this whole thing out, and my public reputation was a mass. Casual sexism created enough of a distance between Natasha Stark and Iron Man for the general public, but then the team came along. You guys are smart. You would have figured it out. I had to make a choice and, well,” she says ruefully, “I gave you my better half.”
“I do believe you’ve been socializing with Sir for too long.”
“Fair enough.  All I’m saying is, I have to be there if and when it happens.”
It only takes Ana a couple of seconds to do something that would have take him several minutes with a phone book and a map.  “Getting directions to bagels in your area.”
“Holy shit!”
“...just in. We are getting confirmed reports that billionaire industrialist Natasha Stark has been shot as she exited a planned speech before the House Committee on Energy and Commerce. Capitol officials have identified the gunman as Trent Hendricks, a coal and natural gas activist who has been incredibly vocal both in person and online about his resistance to Ms. Stark’s renewable energy proposal currently before the House. The gunman is now in custody no one else is known to be harmed.
, the other man starts to talk.
“No, Tony, it’s not.  What are you even thinking?”  Pep usually reserves that tone of voice for when he’s said something particularly egregious to a board member, and he sees no reasons why she’s using it now.  Honestly, she’s not the one that’s dating an incognito Captain America.
“Is that what he’s trying to tell you?  That SHIELD is a peace keeping force?!”  Tony asks somewhat incredulously.  When Steve remains silent, Tony sighs.  “Look, I’ve been in this game for a long time.  Preventative measures only work so long as the guy with his finger on the button is committed to not pressing it, and I don’t trust Fury to be that guy.   He’s not asking for a deterrent; he’s looking for an arsenal.”
But for now, Steve would listen to Tony.
“How are you feeling, Cap?” Tony’s gentle whisper was a thunder clap in the quiet that had settled over them thick as storm clouds. A spike of disappointment was a lightning strike in his chest. Tony had stopped moving his hands. They now lay still, resting at his shoulder blades. Time, it would seem, was up. He squeezed his eyes shut tightly at the realization that he didn’t want it to end.
“Steve, I-“
Really, the notion was complete poppycock. Steve Rogers, Captain America, was not gay. Therefore, he could not be in love with Tony Stark.
Old fantasies came forward in his mind. They hadn’t been his, but he still remembered clearly the idea of sitting in the Avenger’s Mansion library late one night as the other two used to do, just Cap and Shellhead. Quiet words would be whispered to each other and then one of them would move, kissing the other. They’d strip each other of their armor and Tony, who was always so confident and worldly, would shy away at first, unsure in the face of a new experience. He would settle back against the couch though, let Steve take charge and whisper sweet nothings as they made love for the first time.
“Oh yes, because finding out from a murderous psycho showing me the video of the Murder was so much better.”
Steve hadn’t meant porn when he suggested popping in a DVD. But Tony had hustled him into the movie room with the promise of something he’d really like and the click of locks on the door.
“But clearly he’s being coerced. You saw the same video I did, Tony. You can’t possibly tell me that you would do…that…if you weren’t forced into it.”
Tony opened his mouth and licked lightly at the tip of the finger, stretching his tongue out for the show. He took a short step back and removed his clothes quickly, leaving on only a small red thong. Steve hardened further at the sight, delighted that Tony had been able to procure the small scrap of material. There had been many late-night fantasies starring a similar thong after Tony had been revealed as Ironman.
Spending the night still didn’t mean that Steve was gay. Steve had fallen asleep wrapped up in Tony’s arms due to his exhaustion from their last mission. He hadn’t dated anyone since he’d started this thing with Tony, but he just hadn’t met anyone. And if Tony was also taking a break from dating, well that was none of Steve’s business. He’d stop sleeping with Tony once he found a nice girl to settle down with.
The wait was torture. It had taken time to get the cameras in place, exactly right, and then longer still for Tony to get his program up and running without setting off any alerts. After Tony had suggested this plan several weeks ago, Steve had hardly been able to contain himself. As soon as Tony confirmed everything was ready, Steve turned him around to face him and dragged a thumb across his lips.
“Steve, that warped cosmic cube clone is nothing like you. He’s a good actor, but you could never be anything like him.”
Tony’s hand found Steve’s, but his eyes remained glued to the screen. He had scrolled down to the post-script on the last page.
Tony grinned up at him. His pixels were practically vibrating in excitement. Or maybe their connection was just in danger of being interrupted.
“I would blow you right now, if I could. Just suck down you’re cock until I was choking on it, until you were cumming down my throat.”
Steve nodded and carried him into the bedroom. The bed creaked under the suit’s weight. Early morning light filtered in through the part in the curtains. Steve closed them, plunging the room into shadow. He took a seat next to the bed, intent on getting a few hours of sleep.
The office was, as expected, completely empty and silent when they entered. The fact that nobody knew there were two Tony Starks running around would buy them plenty of time. The fact that both Tony Stark and Steve Rogers were known to be in New York at the moment would save them if there were any unexpected interruptions. They had dressed like their counterparts to ensure nothing would appear out of the ordinary on the security cameras scattered throughout the building.
The nightmares had been getting worse lately, since the recent betrayals and attacks, and he knew he should probably go back to talking to the shrinks, but he hadn’t quite reached that breaking point yet. It just made him feel so damn impotent to sit and talk to them hours on end about all his thoughts and feelings. Punching through the anger had always worked just as well as talking.
“It seems to me that we’ve both been doing a lot of thinking. Maybe we should stop thinking and do something about it.”
“Is this how you want it, Cap? Sweet and gentle like this? I was under the impression that you wanted to see me let go a bit.”
Please don’t blame yourself too harshly for this. It’s not your fault that I’ve run away. You had no choice but to put me back in the box, just as I had no choice but to do what I must to really, truly live. Don’t worry, I’ve figured out how to be happy in a way that you never could.
“You should see yourself. So greedy, practically begging to have something -anything-, inside you.”
It wasn’t gay if he was the one fucking Tony, right? Only sort of gay. A little, tiny bit. Steve still liked woman. But no dame had ever felt as hot and sweet as Tony did around him. Mother and country. Nothing had ever felt this good. That blowjob paled in comparison.
Tony laughed and turned his head for another kiss.
Tony sighed. He had to try to explain better. He needed to make Steve understand.
Why was Tony so calm about all this, damn him.
“To your Presidency! It may have been one of the shortest in our country’s history, but hopefully it will go down as one of the most successful. Cheers!”
The mouse hovered over the file.
“And that’s me, huh?”
He clinked their glasses together.
“Look, Tony-“
“You’re drunk.” His anger and disappointment gave the words a bitter taste. Tony was drunk and he didn’t actually mean it. He was just doing what he always did without care or thought. Tony’s laugh shouldn’t have been a surprise, but it was still like a punch to the gut. “Darling, I’m always drunk.”
“A toast to us, then, Shellhead.”
He had to leave now. What he’d just done, what he’d just let Tony talk him into, it was wrong. This, what they were doing right now, it was even worse. They shouldn’t be cuddling up together like a couple of fairies. Steve had only had sex with Tony to make the dreams stop. It was just scratching an itch. It didn’t mean anything.
Lips pressed against his jaw and Tony’s beard scraped roughly against his throat. A shock of pleasure danced along Steve’s spine, stronger than he’d expected from this situation. He grabbed the glass, nearly forgotten in Tony’s hand, then turned and pushed Tony roughly to the bed. The glass would leave a ring on his nightstand but Steve figured Tony could probably afford to refinish it if it stained. He propped his shield gently against the wall before joining Tony on the bed. Tony’s hands reached for Steve’s boxers as his lips descended to his chest. Steve reluctantly halted Tony with a gentle grip on his wrist.
Tony opened his mouth to respond and Steve shoved the plug into his mouth. Only the first few inches fit, but it was good enough. Noises issued from around the metal, but Steve ignored them in order to get back to the task at hand.
“I knew it would work. Of course it would work; I built it. I just hadn’t tested it yet.”
Tony glanced up at Steve briefly in surprise then turned back to his computer.
A quick nod to the guards posted at the entrance was all it took to get them moving. They looked with curiosity at the armor Steve carried, but made no comment. They knew better than to ask questions. No one would know what had been accomplished here tonight if Steve could help it, not until he could be sure Tony wouldn’t leave him.
“No, it’s not,” Steve snarled. Tony swung his knees under him so that he kneeled on the floor in front of a trembling Steve.
“You know, it’s such a shame you’ll be leaving before you even get a chance to personalize the place. I mean, did you even spend any time here? I’m pretty sure this is the longest you’ve ever been in this room.”
“Reed had a machine that he used to examine alternate timelines across the multiverse. Since he’s not around anymore I decided to borrow it and take a peek at Earths with Hydra in charge for strategic planning. I stumbled across this one by accident but figured we could work with it.”
Pleasure wasn’t a mystery to Steve. It was a very simple matter, easy to resolve. On his own, with appropriate timing, Steve could take care of himself in a matter of minutes with application of his hand. The times he’d been in relationships and sex had been on the table it was uncomplicated. Foreplay lasted only as long as was necessary to get the ball rolling. Time from initial erection until completion rarely took more than twenty minutes, and never more than an hour. Even those rare times it stretched out, he was in constant motion, touching his partner, kissing, teasing, licking, fucking. He’d never been so still for so long when every instinct screamed at him to move and chase his desire.
It had to be coercion. As much as it twisted his stomach, it was the only answer Steve had been willing to accept.
“Tony, what’s the last sentence?”
Steve looked at Tony with a sweet, earnest expression. He was clearly happy there was something big enough to warrant calling him in; glad to unite against a common enemy rather than fight each other.
Crossing the country hadn’t been as difficult as one might’ve thought. Rogers was known to be traveling on his motorcycle and news of Steve’s breakout had been kept quiet. Tony assured him that those left behind fighting for power had decided it best not to panic the public and let their own incompetency be known. That had enabled them to move easily for a while. The handy image inducer they’d pilfered along the way had made travelling discreetly to the old Stark storage facility that Tony had been using even less difficult.
“They told me that you never show up there on Saturdays.”
Except the cuddling was kind of making it feel like it did mean something. And that was not good. He wondered what the proper etiquette was now. Did he just thank Tony for the orgasm and leave? That’s essentially what he had done last time, and everything had worked out well.
“Step away from the machine. It’s over.”
It made the most sense out of any theory Steve could come up with. He’d had access to Tony’s comatose body. What if he’d done something then? Laid down the groundwork while scientists worked to wake Tony up?
Steve pressed his hands to his legs where Tony’s hovered, following their trail up and down his thighs. He could see his hands moving through Tony’s, but he tried his best to ignore that, to pretend the touch wasn’t his own. He eased off a little to make the touch lighter, more of a tease. That was the way Tony would be with him, feather light and barely there at first.
Steve looked at the now empty bottle with alarm. Leave it to Tony to get the most expensive champagne he could to waste on Steve.
Of course, Tony had thought nothing of it and promised to help Steve uncover this mystery. Yet, despite Tony’s initial enthusiasm, his expression had become more and more distressed as he typed. Steve placed a reassuring hand on his shoulder.
“I’ve thought of you too.”
“I said when the situation calls for it.”
“Of course. I was going to show it to you as soon as I had run the appropriate tests and knew that the machine would work.”
“Did you enjoy that?”
Tony’s hands pulled at his hair and Steve released the flesh between his teeth as he let his head be pulled up. Unshed tears glistened in Tony’s eyes.
Steve coughed and looked away. Damn Tony. What was it about him that always got Steve so flustered? If it were anyone else, Steve would be able to look them in the eye and calmly state that his workout routine was classified. It wouldn’t have even been a lie. Steve’s workout routine
Steve looked back at Tony, trying to decipher how he was supposed to react to the present. Obviously, Tony had been excited to gift this to Steve if he’d gone out of his way to find Steve on a Saturday.
Steve tilted his head in consideration, and ran an idle hand over his cock. He stepped back and urged Tony to turn over and lie on his back, head hanging over the side of the desk. No doubt it was uncomfortable, but Tony only wiggled his hips hopefully at Steve. Steve’s hand went back to his cock with more intent this time, and within seconds he was hard enough to push back into Tony.
Tony nodded grimly and opened a blank document. He typed quickly, the keyboard loud in the quiet.
His light dozing was interrupted an hour or so later by a whimper issued from inside the armor.
“Please. I’m so close, Steve.”
He pushed Tony towards the running water.
“C’mon on down!”
Tony snorted.
The tongue left and Steve opened his eyes to watch Tony. Tony looked back defiantly and quirked his eyebrow at Steve. Steve knew this was his cue to put a stop to this. Some part of him knew this was wrong. This wasn’t how their game played out. Tony was supposed to put his mouth back on Steve’s dick and keep it there. Then after he came first, Tony would get him hard again so they could fuck. Steve would make sure Tony came on his cock with his name on his lips.
“I’d be happy to help you unwind a bit. I’ve taken lessons in the art of massage, you know. I’m sure I can help with all this…tension.”
“You know, I can think of at least one type of exercise that I know you enjoy. I’m free for the rest of the day if you’re interested.”
“Tony, what-“
“Tony.” Steve started to sit up so they could talk but was stopped by a finger pressing against his mouth. Tony shoved him back down into the couch cushions.
Steve’s pulse pounded through his head. His hips picked the rhythm back up subconsciously, pistoning short and quick, building his orgasm back up in record time. He hung his head and came with a grunt, allowing himself a moment to linger in Tony’s clinging heat before he finally pulled out and tucked himself back inside his pants.
“P.S. I hope you enjoy the video. It’s just a taste of what you’ve been missing out on all these years. Great things can happen when fear and cowardice no longer control you.”
“It’s okay. I’m not angry. You’re okay, Tony.”
“There you go. You’re gonna make me surrender, aren’t you? Give up my control? Go ahead then. Show me.”
Tony kneaded Steve’s muscular thigh through the fabric of the tight pants he’d yet to take off. He inched upward and Steve feared he would go for the bulge stubbornly persisting at his groin. Instead, Tony switched to his other thigh and massaged downward to the opposite knee and then skipped his calf entirely. He grabbed Steve’s foot and guided him to rest it in his lap. The bottle of oil made a quick reappearance and then Tony began working in the center of his foot, his damnable thumb back at it with the tight little circles. It moved up to his toes, working over the joints before drifting back down to the heel and up, under the cuff of the pants and around his ankle. Tony released Steve’s foot and replaced it with the other, repeating the process. The quiet settled back around them. This time, Tony didn’t speak as his hands skimmed back up and found the button of Steve’s pants.
The sheets had been replaced two nights ago with soft silk after the cotton had proved too scratchy for Tony’s comfort. They slithered and slid against his skin now as Steve pushed him firmly down into the mattress while Tony thrashed about trying to get as much contact with Steve as could be maintained. Their cocks bumped together and Tony groaned, grabbing at Steve and fixing their mouths firmly back together. Steve allowed Tony to thrust up against him for the time being, focused on tasting his mouth.
