There’s a moment where they’re staring into each other’s eyes, Tony’s defiance written across his face like a billboard. Steve narrows his eyes, daring Tony to repeat his rejection, and to his relief, Tony sighs and backs down.
Still, even with that experience, none of it could’ve ever prepared Steve for what Fury had in store.
“Tony Stark.”
“You with us?”
Steve scoffs at that. Yes, the tabloids had made Tony’s relationships with men very well known, from one night stands to flings to that one-month relationship with some blonde guy that Tony had dumped because Blondie didn’t believe in climate change.
Tony turns to glare at him, then sits back down and does a sort of roll to take his body out from under the Iron Man suit. Once he’s not trapped by a hunk of metal, Tony stands up and faces Steve, who looks very sheepish.
“Here’s the earpieces so we can communicate with you. Turn them on when you get into the club.” They’re both handed small, black devices that look like hearing aids. Tony clearly thinks this too, if the scowl on his face is anything to go by.
“That’s probably where we met,” Tony says, glancing at Steve.
“Like, together-together?”
“I have no idea what you’re saying,” Steve says, interrupting Tony’s babbling. “But Fury wants us back to his office soon so we can be given makeovers.”
“Uh..” The blonde removed his hands from his pockets and crossed his arms with an amused smile.
“I cannot Sir. Your protector must remain unharmed.” The voice replied. Tony heard a soft laugh and his breath caught. It sounded just like it did in his head.
“Mr. Stark I am eager to talk to you.” A white man with a suit came into view. His visitor sticker read
His hole fluttered the longer he kept pushing against him. Tony didn’t want to say anything but the thought of his thickness entering him almost had him barking to fuck him. He decided to enjoy the soft pants coming from the blonde and the slight squeak of his bed. Bunching up the fabric into his hand Steve pulled Tony roughly against him, practically fucking him without being inside him. The pure image of how the other man must be looking doing these lewd things almost made Tony mewl.
“A suit. For when you join us for work.” The blonde got up, peeling Tony’s hands away from his head. Circling around him he took in the width of his shoulders. Steve hesitated for a moment before gently wrapping the fabric measuring tape around the width of his neck. Tony swallowed at the action but as soon as Steve did it, it was removed.
“But that means you care.” The brunette could practically taste the words because of their proximity. With every utterance, he had gotten closer and closer.
“What are you even anyways? A monster in a human disguise or something?” Tony got up and went to sit on the sofa, urging Steve to follow.
“Well, it’s sorta in the name.” He laughed breathlessly.
But his eyes flung open as something solid ripped him to the side. A shooting pain rippled through Tony’s chest. Whoever snagged him didn’t account for the creature’s tooth to get lodged snuggly into his chest. The person who got him away from the creature laid him on the ground, completely unaware of the tooth. They quickly returned to the creature and began shooting, ripping out horrifying screams from it as the blood Tony saw from before gushed out. Tony’s eyes began to cross as he lifted his chest upwards uncontrollably, blood spurting and staining his shirt. With faded vision, he saw the man who pulled him away turn around after the creature fell and bolt towards him. Tony’s eyes fell shut.
“Fucking answer me!” Tony ground his teeth in irritation.
“Maybe one day. But not today Mr. Rogers. I’d like you to formally meet Mr. Stark.” Phil gestures to me, ushering me to stand up. I roll my eyes but comply. As I stand up Steve walks towards me, all retorts and remarks leaving me as a toothy grin appears and a hand entangles mine.
Reaching out a hand, Steve dragged his fingers lightly over the cloth covered reactor, blue light glowing brightly. With a sharp gasp, Tony gripped his hand. The shorter man couldn’t really understand why he did it. Fear of damaging the one thing keeping him alive or something completely different. Steve lifted his head up slightly and trailed his tongue over his teeth behind sealed lips. The other man released him and the blonde’s lips lifted up slightly before he headed for the couch. Tony was left to clench at his shirt and bury his face in his hands.
“We have a lot to do today so it’s time to get up,” Steve spoke lowly. Tony grumbled while sitting up and stared Steve down with sleep filled eyes.
Opening the door for Tony, Steve walked around to his side and got in. The car was silent. The blonde looked down at his bloodied gloves and ripped them off.
Entering the room that was assigned as his, his mind instantaneously began to rearrange the entire room. A laboratory furnished along with small sleeping space. Freezing in the doorway, he watched his brain work at lightspeed. Steve stood back, watching him curiously.
You can’t even give crap away for free in this world. Everything has to be questioned. Shoving his wallet and glasses back inside his coat, a bicyclist fell over in a heap of chains and metal as a woman suddenly screams. Adrenaline pumped through Tony’s veins as he ran over to the man who had fallen, making sure he was alright. Pulling him off to the side, the woman who had screamed was bleeding from her temple as a dark figure pressed her face against a wall.
Using his repulsor beams he sliced the creature leg off. The thing screamed and turned, bolting towards Tony. Increasing his beam’s intensity he burned the creature until it became silent and reeked of death. Once it was dead Tony ran to Steve, cutting away the roots. The blonde fell forward, chest bleeds profusely. Taking off his mask he placed it over Steve’s head and held him tight against his body. Using his thrusters he flew them out of the ground, making sure the blonde didn’t hit his head. Carrying Steve to the car he pressed the button that he was told to press if there was an emergency. Nothing seemed to happen for a bit but three minutes passed by and black cars were surrounding the premise in seconds. Medics came out rushing and sadating Steve. One claimed that although it’s useless because of his tolerance, it’s procedure and could only do good. Gently removing the headpiece from Steve, Tony sat on the ground next to where the doctors worked and watched. When Steve’s eyes opened the first thing he saw was Tony. His brows scrunched up briefly in pain and he looked down at his chest, stitches closing up his remaining wounds.
“Can already see those wheels turning, good for you,” Steve said cockily as began to leave, stopping before opening the door.
“As your protector, I’m forced to make sure your measurements are as accurate as possible. Your comfort is a priority.” Steve spoke without looking up.
“Tony, uh..” He shuffled as if speaking of this was painful.
“Is the building empty Mr. Rogers?” An officer asks as the deceased officer was removed from his shoulder.
“Language.” Tony laughed behind the mask.
“We’ve done research on you and had seen your work. You’re very intelligent, but you can’t seem to work to your fullest potential. We want to help with that. Your mind is expanding as we speak. You’ll be able to use your brain in ways humans can only imagine. You can help people.”
“Jarvis, open the doors! He’s trying to keep me prisoner.”
“I have no clue,” Steve laughed, regretting it after feeling a sharp pain. Snatching back the water he took a sip.
“Not cool.” They practiced fighting for a bit until it was time to head back and change.
could not have been further from human. What was that
His head jolted and he snapped his eyes shut. The images were so vivid, everything felt so real. Tony chanted in his head for this to not happen right now when this man was below him like that. The blonde’s pliable mouth wrapped around him, Steve swallowing. Heat fluttered in his abdomen, begging for attention. He opened his eyes to see the other man sitting back on his heels, head hung a bit low as he fiddled with the tape.
“If we just make a few adjustments to your contract we could-” the paper cup crinkled under Tony’s grip. A maddened expression etched itself across his face, distorted behind his sunglasses.
“This is the one thing that will keep you safe when I’m not around.” Steve himself was aware of the slight waver in his voice, disheartened at the thought.
“I would kill you.”
Steve walked towards Tony, reaching out his hand to graze against the armor on the shorter man’s arm.
The blonde nodded understandingly for a moment and then paused. He reaches back into his pocket with an unconcerned expression and took out the fabric measuring tape.
“Was it a man or a woman?” The questions began sounding eager, making a scowl appear on Tony’s face but he continued.
“Fuck, Jarvis. Detonate this asshole.” Tony groans out pulling the covers tighter around himself.
“Don’t worry, if I have a nightmare I’ll be sure sue you for not ‘protecting’ my dreams.” He shoveled the last bit of mash into his mouth and got up to clean, Steve jumping up to help.
The ceiling had begun to show signs of rot and the lights began blinking off. Crouching behind the front desk Tony found one of the officers who had been shot. They were breathing. He slung him over his shoulder and ran with him outside. About to run back into the building Steve walked out with two bodies on his shoulders.
“It’s an evolved human bred version of a Myxozoa.” Tony looked back at the super soldier who spoke. The man maneuvered the shorter of the two behind him, pushing against the persistent lady.
“I think they have the wrong guy. A serum like that and this is how you’re acting?” Steve’s words shocked Tony. His face paled but regained color at the blonde’s teasing smile.
Compatible? But they never even talked?
Being back home after almost losing each other meant that there was an air of concern floating around them. Tony visited Steve in his room shortly to ask if he needed anything and Steve spent hours in Tony’s room to talk and give him some piece of mind.
A heavy locking noise from multiple directions filled the room.
“What’s this for anyway?” Tony placed his hands on his head as Steve kneeled, measuring his foot.
“Meet Tony Stark. This is the man of the hour.” Steve turns to Tony as he speaks to Jarvis, smiling while he does so.
“Although I wouldn’t mind calling you
“I need to work out. But you won’t let me.”
“What distinguishes this exactly?” The whole protector thing sounded silly. What if Steve got hurt, could the ‘none protector’ not cut in?
“That’s not fair. You have super strength.” Tony murmured, pulling away from his arm.
Women and men in black ran over, pushing Steve aside and gripping the man, placing him in cuffs that dimly shines of green. The person’s cries were muffled as he got tossed around until he entered a car.
“Ow?” Tony tried. The man didn’t let go and came closer, bringing the tape measure around his wrist with his other hand. Steve sighed and let go, pinching the bridge of his nose.
“Thank you for the whole, monster thing.” He shuffled his feet where he stood, his mind whirling. “But wait,” A moment of panic arose in him. “What the hell was that thing? And why am I her-“ Tony blabbered all of the thoughts that were in his head. A soft hand gripped his shoulder lightly.
“It’s fine.” Tony raked through his salad. He didn’t want that incident to change anything. If he was meant to die he would have died. If anything he felt more alive in the face of danger than he had for the past five years.
“No, it’s just I have a few more measurements that have to be done.” Tony’s eyes widened. His mind whirled with overwhelming emotions at the thoughts he had. Betrayal? Arousal? Nervousness?
“Such a gentleman.” Tony snipped, shoving Steve’s shoulder with a fake coy expression. They began walking out of the hospital.
“It was successful.” A hushed voice whispered. His eyes fluttered open, a bit foggy as they adjusted to the light.
Tony closed his eyes and let out a slow breath, pushing up back against Steve. The blonde trailed his fingers across the other man’s hip bones, plucking open his button. With a hungry kiss, the super soldier flung the garment off, making it land across the room. Tony’s eyes widened, forgetting about how powerful the person he is going to sleep with is. Steve chuckled, digging his face gently into his neck, pulling his own pants down. Tony spread his legs wider as Steve returned his hips to his. The blonde lifted up and stripped off his shirt, tantalizingly slow as golden skin got slowly exposed. Tony’s eyes hooded as he watched, thighs tensing at the show. He brought his hands up and raked his thumbs against the other’s abs, stroking down his V, glancing hungrily at his abdomen. Steve grabbed the brunette’s curious hands and led them down the skin in his boxers, cold fingers trailing against warm skin. Tony went off course a dragged his hand across the other man’s arousal, watching as the simple touch had the soldier's body tightening. He wrapped his hand around him and raked it firmly upwards. Steve pushes his hips slightly forward, wanting more. Tony gripped harder pulling towards himself making Steve lean down. With Steve’s cock in hand, he brought him down to his own cock massaging them both through the fabric and his raw hand. Steve grabbed the headboard and ground hard against the hand on him and hardness of the other man. Taking out Tony’s hand Steve gripped the shorter man’s hip and shoulder flipping him onto his stomach. Steve pulled Tony’s hips up against him, grinding his clothed cock against his entrance. Tony breathes heavily into the pillow under him, pushing his hips back when Steve guided him. It’s been so long.
“Thanks for saving me. I didn’t do a good job today as your protector though.” The blonde had pain written on his face but it wasn’t because of his injury.
‘Sergeant Barnes!’ Belinda scolds him. ‘Mr Stark I am so sorry for his rudeness I’m afraid it’s due to the-’
Peter cuts him off by reaching up, using his wall climbing ability to grab onto the merc’s shoulders and levering himself up to press a kiss to the merc’s mouth. He can tell the man’s surprised as it takes him a couple of moments to think to wrap his arms around his waist.
‘Do me a favour kid.’
‘Cloaky? You know what I don’t want to know,’ Steve shakes his head.
It’s not a long break at all. Basically I’m thinking of doing one short multi-chapter story separate from this, or a couple of one shots, and then coming back and finishing the next instalment, so please don’t panic about this not being finished. I really am enjoying this series and have so many ideas I'm looking forwards to seeing your reactions to there is no way I'm abandoning it.
Peter shrugs.
They jumped out the car and more gunshots and screams were heard. Visible rot was eating at the very walls. Before entering Steve grabbed one of Tony’s shoulders, gaining his attention.
“Not that the room is bad, that’s not what I’m saying at all. I just..” His eyes trailed away, unintentionally raking over the other man’s physique. Even in, what he deduced to be his pajamas, he saw his rippling build.
Something felt off, heavy. He lifted his IV stuck hand towards his chest. Phil reached out, seemingly to stop him but resisted at the last moment. Stark looked at him oddly and trailed his hand across his exposed collar bones. Trailing lower he made contact with something hard. With wide eyes, he looked down to see a glowing object, lodged where his heart would be. Memories from before he went unconscious came rushing back, along with an intense shooting pain through his head.
“This is ridiculous and unfair,” Tony grumbled. The blonde snickered.
“Listen, I don’t know what she has done but I’m a hundred percent sure we could work something out. I have a lot to offer so if you could just,” Tony made his way in front of the looming figure, close enough to see the movement of blood behind its' grotesque face.
“It’s just a title really. It’s mainly in place to distinguish a pair or group quickly. Let’s say if someone needs to get in contact with us urgently, the protector is usually called because they can only be distanced so far away from the protectee.” Tony caught on quickly to the rules but let him continue.
“Guess I am really bad at this protector thing, huh?” Tony let out a sweet noise, smiling as he walked closer to Steve.
“I’m sorry. There’s still so much to explain and talk to you about. Please, go shower and get changed. We provided clothes on the table.” Phil left without waiting for a reply and Tony sat for a bit, urging the excitement he felt moments ago to settle down.
After 6 trips Tony stopped, heaving in gulps of air. He leaned against his ‘soon-to-be’ work desk and watched as the super soldier carried the boxes without a hint of discomfort besides the lightest bit of gloss on his skin from sweat.
“But I have to,” Tony put on his seatbelt and wiped his face with his hands.
“I am your protector after all.” Tony’s ground his teeth in self-control, flickering between blue eyes to catch any glimpse of falsity. When those eyes left him to look down at his lips Tony swallowed, averting his eyes. In his peripheral vision, he saw the blonde grin.
Emotionally feeling these ways was idiotic. Nothing was really implied. For some reason his newly developed brain made him feel ashamed for being burdened with emotions. As though they weren’t necessary or welcomed. He remained stiff where he stood, staring at the other man’s face. Steve bit lightly at the skin on his lip before continuing.
“It will be,” Steve returned back after jotting a few things down on a piece of paper.
“Make it up to me.” With that utterance, Steve finally looked at Tony with surprise. He curved a hand into Tony’s hair and brought his mouth down to the other man’s pliant lips. The racing of Tony’s ‘heart’ was no longer risky but instead soaring as he laid his hands on his protector’s chest. With a surprisingly tender peck to his cheek, Steve picked Tony up as though he weighed basically nothing, and carried him to his bed. The small nook created a warm intimacy as the ultraviolet blue light highlighted the shadows of Steve’s face. His sculpted face warmly trailed down to the skin around his arc. Tony bit at his lip, nervous about the safety over his heart but once wet warmth dragged along the edge his body trembled. Kissing at his chest, the super soldier dipped his hips down until they were flush with Tony’s.
“God, god Christ what the
“Most of the people who live here are asleep but Mr. Rogers messaged me a few minutes ago. Make yourself at home until he gets here.” Tony plants himself heavily onto the couch, spreading out comfortably until another slight jolt comes from his head. No longer painful but enough to understand when some sort of image was going to be shown to him.
“Yeah, aha.” Tony laughed dryly. “Get that energy out of you.” Tony’s chest felt heavy as he said these words, picking up his suit that Steve threw before. Without a word, Tony heard the door shut.
“I can see that you’re realizing the changes in your head. You think quicker than your already above average reasoning. Since we were unsure you would even make it through the removal of your heart we used you to test our mind growth serum.” Tony stopped chewing, staring at the man who wouldn’t meet his eyes.
“What do I do now that I’m stuck here forever?” Steve called out. Tony looked down watching as the semi hard tent in his pants he had almost all day became fuller.
Goodbyes were exchanged until the two were left alone. An odd urge to thank Steve came over him and the words left before he could truly think.
“Hey, hi. Excuse me?” The ma-
“Holy shit man. That’s epic.” At this Steve looked up at the shiny eyed man. He resembled the glow of a child who got to see their favorite character at Disney. Steve’s face grew red at the attention but it didn’t stop the smile on his face from spreading.
“Nobel of you. What else do you need from me?” Tony slightly popped out a hip as he drilled holes into the other man’s locks.
“I want to hear you.” Steve’s voice startling him, how strained he sounded. He gripped the fabric tight and Tony heard a loud rip, the tattered fabric falling down his propped thighs.
“Good. Now we have some serious matters to discuss.” Phil began shuffling into a comfortable position, slotting his fingers together.
He has actually done it.
“Okay let’s not get all sappy about the past. Problem at hand though, is settled – Bucky is crashing for the weekend for some much needed TLC with Peter and I, while you go put on your dress uniform and remind the world what a badass Sam Wilson was.”
Pepper punches him light on the arm, and Tony fakes a wince. "I'm glad you haven't lost your sense of humour Tony. But this isn't funny."
"I won't pretend to understand how you feel about Barnes, Tony. But I'll try anyway. What I know and I'm sure you do too, since your IQ runs in circles around mine, is that Bucky Barnes
Tony shrugs. “What did Papa say before he left? No solo rides buddy.” Peter’s face fell as he chews his little lips. “Petey, your Pop wants you safe. If you get hurt, Papa’s gonna freak out like he did the last time and he’ll
It was his ultimate kink and Tony was still finger-fucking him, grazing him in all the right spots. In that moment, Steve was resigned to his fate. Tony Stark was going to be the death of him. Steve didn't mind death if it felt this good.
He was careful and considerate, but not distant to give the impression that he wasn't interested. Instead, Steve was magnetic that night, filling up the spaces between them with thoughtful motions seeking permission in every tiny move. It was hot as hell for Tony.
“Trouble in paradise?” Tony guesses quickly in cheeky tone, cocking his head to the side.
however she is making her way to the deck. Agent Hill has requested for Captain Rogers to be present, if possible. Estimated time of arrival at hangar 2 in 15 minutes."
Steve frowns. “Well he finished the bacon and eggs but he won’t touch the vegetables. I told you letting him play during dinner time was a bad idea – you know how focused he gets especially when he starts building,” Steve says as he leans into a balled fist, unsmiling and tired. “I wonder where he got
Steve raises an eyebrow, a sign for Sam to elaborate his question.
Tony leans into Steve's hand, as he holds it against his cheek. "And what about you? You're going to supersoldier your way to safety once Peter and I are out of harm's way?"
A bored and curious Natasha meant a persistent Natasha. She was brutal.
Tony starts to cry,
catches Steve's attention and his head finally snaps up.
your ass back stateside."
He's waited forever to do this, for the right time and place, to seal the gap, the barriers between them. If only Steve would just be honest with himself, Tony would have kissed him ages ago. Now that Tony knows for sure that he wasn't imagining the attraction between the two hot-headed individuals, this finally feels right.
Tony clears his throat, finding the right words. "Got a message from him. He wants to meet up. See, we're trying to - we're trying -," Tony stops and rubs his palm across his mouth harshly. "
"He's back in cryo in Wakanda by the way, but you didn't hear it from me."
decided to retire from the team, yapping how there won't be anybody left to defend the fucking planet. I'm not an idiot, I'd been talking to some people and doing the ground work. That badass detective, the blind lawyer in the red spandex from Hells Kitchen. And Peter, god I swear I didn't scoop him out of Queens and hauled ass to Germany after a Youtube video marathon - I'd been studying the kid, with the idea of recruiting him when he's older."
"You alright, pal? You're walking funny," Bucky teases, biting into a piece of bacon.
Steve fishes out his phone and shoots a text to his boyfriend.
you? If he's not -- Steve expects you to what, break
At the end of her words, Tony feels choked. His arms begin to tingle, his breathe becomes shallow and Tony just needs to escape that corridor. He was going to die if he didn't. As the walls begin to close down on him, Tony drops to his knees, feeling like his heart was being ripped out of his chest. He wanted to activate his suit, to get to FRIDAY, to send a distress signal to his family but his hands were dead.
“I'm good here.”
Peter obediently nods and makes a dash to the minibar - by now he knows his way around Tony's garage, his workshop, the mansion even - and grabs two bottles of water; he twists the cap open before he passes one to Tony. As Tony drinks the last gulp of water from that bottle, Peter instantly hands him the other bottle, to which Tony raises an eyebrow to.
OK, a big dip.
It did not go unnoticed. Tony's air supply was halted momentarily.
Yet by all means, Tony wasn't complaining. There were plenty of upsides sleeping with a super soldier with the sexual appetite of a college student and stamina of a race horse, great fulfilling sex was one of the many. The only downside Tony can ever think of, if he was ever pressed for it, was that said super soldier was had almost zero refractory period and was always ready to go again whilst Tony despite his many gifts and talents, had the biology of an average male.
Tony nods.
When the new year party had wound down at the Tower, Tony grabbed two sixers and a large throw blanket before he invited casually
you doing here? It's 3oclock in the morning. How'd you even know I was coming over?
"I'll accept your backhanded compliment," Bucky says. Internally the former assassin was awash with relief, like the weight on his shoulders were lifted and he could breathe properly again. This was as good as a pardon he'll ever get from Tony Stark for the heinous crimes the Winter Soldier committed against his family.
The moment the door clicks shut, Steve flips the card to read what it says and he breaks into a wide grin.
Thankfully for the nerve-struck genius, Steve’s face was still planted on the pillow, facing the other way.
The four year old literally jumps from Tony’s arms into Steve’s chest.
“Well Tony’s been busy with his clean energy campaign... it's really kicking off and we haven't really had much time to talk. He's been around the country for the past week. I mean, you saw him leaving mid-way through my own birthday party. He didn’t even get the chance to give me my present before he left. We spoke on the phone after the party and he told me where he'd left it.”
Steve finally laughs but does not retort. “Careful though. I stepped on two pieces earlier – super serum or not, it still hurts like a
With trembling hands, Tony reached out and took the long chain, while chanting under his breathe
"I hope that's ready." She points her manicured finger to his chest, resting the tip at the centre where it hits a glowing, hard surface.
"Oh, oh my god babe," Tony cries. “I’m close baby you know I’m a screamer. I can’t, I can’t,” Tony was gripping the corners of the heavy wooden table, desperately trying to keep himself propped up while his legs were weakening with every thrust of Steve’s fingers into him. If anybody heard him, or walked into them – there was
Bucky crosses his arms; the whirring was jarringly louder these days and it did annoy the soldier from time to time. "Wasn't scratching."
Whenever in solitude, Tony fought hard not to remember a time where his heart, despite years of abuse by shrapnel and questionable eating habits, was
“I’d love to Tony. I’ll uh I’ll be right there. Let me get dressed first?” He said, now his turn to be sheepish, aware that he was still in the battle gear he wore for their training session that took place before the brief.
“Hey there, kid. No uh, b-band practice today?” Tony forces himself to say without looking, desolately trying to hide his condition. Tony decides to pretend that he was working on the untouched R8, casually popping the hood of his favourite car while trying very hard not to vomit into the shiny, spotless engine.
Steve howls, losing himself in pleasure because he has always, always loved his broad chest. It's one of the features he genuinely appreciated about his new body and he would show off his curves whenever he could. Those tight t-shirts? Entirely planned. He knows
Tony, did not recoil that fateful night.
He glances at his Panerai.
There was a muffled answer, one that Tony couldn't pick up.
a big deal. Alright? Can I talk please?” Tony’s voice hitches, getting slightly irritated. “We should have had this conversation a long time ago. If I'm going to break my promises to you and act like a tool in front of you, you deserve to know what's going on." Tony pulls out a chair and signals the teen to come over. Peter moves closer and slowly takes his place next to Tony, folding his legs on the seat. "My old man never had time for me, we never talked about stuff and I grew up never really knowing the man. He just never wanted me around and I guess I ended up with a laundry list of issues because of that."
“You’ve had a lot to drink tonight, Tony. It’s late. The party’s been over for hours. Time for some sleep, okay? Come on I'll help you get back,” Steve says, clearing his throat more than one occasion over the course of five short sentences.
"The .. Smithsonian."
"I'm just going to lay it out for you," Sam says, cocking his head in Steve's direction, lazily looking at him.
"You .. support me.” Tony echoes. It finally made sense to Tony what Peter was on about.
The separation became somewhat bearable, until Lagos happened.
?" Tony flares. "Barton, stop. Stop while you're ahead. I mean it, just stay out of trouble. It can't be that hard," Tony says before muttering into his comm .
"I didn't even get to the part."
was engraved. His head was finally clear. There was a moment of silence between the two before Peter speaks.
"Where?" Tony finally speaks, and immediately slaps himself on the forehead, regretting his own betrayal.
Peter continues to fit in the tan bricks.
Maybe both men weren't prepared to face the reality and challenges of being in a real relationship with each other.
“Same, babe,” Tony says, before tipping his head and kissing his husband open-mouthedly and sucking the air out of his lungs. Steve returns the kiss, tongue diving into Tony’s mouth as he slowly backs Tony against the armchair to slowly make out. Before it could get any steamier, a loud throat clear booms across the room and it breaks the couple apart.
reappear had no memory of having ever disappearing into thin air, even after losing years of their lives in a blink of an eye. They returned unsuspectingly to loved ones who were broken from the initial dusting, and the healing process soon became both ways.
Just as he inhales a breathe to pass on the milkmaid duty, Tony hears a vehicle pulling into the driveway. He walks to the windows to draw the curtains aside. It was a FedEx delivery van.
Steve scrunches his nose at Tony and just shakes his head comically to keep the moment playful. And to keep his hands from grabbing the man by his supple cheeks and kissing him senselessly, Steve hugs his knees to his chest, twiddling his beer bottle in his hand. He may be a man out of time, but consent was an ageless concept. Whilst Steve was certain that Tony was not totally drunk, Steve tells himself that he will
That Clint had
Steve’s face falls a little, and Tony notices that the blond was also feeling a little awkward and nervous about having
Tony blinks. And blinks.
"Package is on its way, Boss."
“Still trying to knot Wong’s bow, he wouldn’t budge no matter what I tried,” Steve says.
"I love them. Thank you, Tony."
Sam shrugs his shoulders, feigning a conflicted look. Yeah, he was
Peter's eyebrows shot up, completely taken by surprised that Tony was directly making a reference of the former Avenger leader.
"Off," Tony commands, finally deciding. Steve gets his drift and starts with his shirt. He  gets impatient halfway through that he nearly rips the buttons off. Tony kneels away to allow the super soldier to strip his pants in peace, and once they were both less clothed, Tony climbs back on top of Steve.  This time he hooks Steve's knees upwards and spreads the man's legs over his thighs.
Tony watches Steve walking over into the driveway with their son held protectively, wearing an unbuttoned chequered flannel shirt (sometimes Tony thinks Seve overdoes this whole living on a farm thing down to its fashion sense) over a well loved dark Stark Industries tshirt and sweatpants that accentuated his ass for all it’s glory and for Tony’s eyes only.
Tony clears his throat. "Are you allergic to pollen?"
“Good job on the Empire State there, baby. Listen; remember what we agreed on? You only get to play during dinnertime if you agree to finish your meals. I got a report from Pops over there that there’s still some left but you won't eat 'em," Tony reasons.
Tony wore material he had created to mend with his beta suit. It was resilient to knives and regulates body temperature. He used his old blueprints he almost sold which were brought back to his room when he first arrived. He gelled up his hair, placed in contacts, and shaved before leaving.  Looking in the mirror he put on a pair of gloves and socks made of the same material.
“Alright let’s get going then.” He picked back up his shield and pushed Tony lightly on the small of his back just like he did the first day he came here.
“Then it’s settled, I will bring you to your new home and protector.” Tony lifted a brow, picking up that all members of the Avengers resided in the same building.
“Here,” Steve handed the measuring tape to Tony. “Wrap the tape around the thickest part of your thigh.” With an accusing glance, Tony leaned down, trying to wrap it around his thigh. He pulled it to taunt and wasn’t putting it at the widest part of his leg. Steve brought his hands back up and took away the tape, kneeling down again. Harshly, he wrapped it correctly at the widest part.
“Uh, just improvements I plan on making to this room..” His mind seems to go dumb when it comes to the blonde.
“Hey..” Steve whispers, approaching the sleeping figure.
“Because you’re going to be making it.” The blonde slapped the paper onto the other man's chest. Tony looked at Steve with confusion but read the paper with all the measurements.
Tony heard rustling fabric and his hair stood up straight preparing for whatever he cannot see. Wetness dripped on his prepped hole and he impulsively clenched. He heard a soft grunt and he looked back. Steve’s cock glistened as he rubbed the wetness onto himself, watching the lube he poured on Tony slide down his hole along his perineum. Steve followed the liquid with the tip of his cock, circling Tony’s rim before pushing in slightly. Tony groaned, Steve moving forward. Halfway in Tony pushed up on his hands and kneeled, trying to get away from Steve going deeper. Steve wrapped an arm around his torso and brought them back down to the bed, hips still connected. Steve rolled forward and Tony let out a stuttered gasp, trying to move his hips away. Steve followed him, pushing in all the way. Tony choked on a moan as his eyes rolled back. Steve beat his hips against Tony’s dragging against his walls roughly. On ever shaky exhale Tony’s brows knitted, body clenching around the thick heat inside of him. Steve bit at his neck, speeding up his pace.
in marker.
“It is.” His eyes wandered over the corpse as it was placed in a body bag. He heard cries from some of the other officers. The other body began to stir. Once he felt movement he pushed him off his shoulder, placing him in a painful headlock and pushing him to the ground with a knee on his back. Tony looked at the state of the man, his leg was broken. The police surrounded Steve and Tony felt the urge to push them away before they can even think about doing anything.
Tony has gotten the hang of it until their 6th run. They were sent near the outskirts. A sighting of a tall creature that was said to be digging into the roots of trees. When they arrived Steve and Tony went deep into the forest, be sure to stick close to not get separated. A loud noise demanded attention and Steve was grabbed, pulled under the soil by a force Tony couldn’t yet see. The creature dragged him so deep that the amount of soil was too heavy for Tony to dig up fast enough. Thinking quickly he thought about his suit’s capabilities. He quickly equipped his drill and mask. Barreling the ground under him he dropped down until he hit solid ground. A large tunnel was cleared out and no light penetrated from above. He activated his night vision and unibeam chest projector and began looking for Steve. He heard a grunt of pain and ran towards it. Roots held Steve in place as a large, sickly gray creature had their mouth latched onto the blonde’s chest. The creature seemed as though it was eating through the skin to get to the heart.
“The one with the less experience with their gifts usually gets protected. Since you’re brand new it would make sense for you to be paired with the oldest, most experienced, one.” Tony’s brows lifted. Oldest? He looked the same age as him, maybe younger. But who knows how old he is. That serum must have changed, or kept the same, a lot about him.
“A person.” He didn’t understand why he was telling this random man anything but he knew more than what he did right now.
Taking a car supplied by the company they road into the city. Turning on the radio a hurried male voice spoke,
“So this is what I have to look pretty for? You wrapping me up in string and taking my measurements?” Deciding to ignore him Steve stepped up to him, wrapping his arms behind the other man’s back and bringing it forward. The wetness from Tony’s skin making his dress shirt clings where Steve pressed. Securing it to the smallest dip of his waist Steve took note of just how slim it was. Tony’s hands were lifted up absurdly as he stood with the demeanor of inconvenience. Steve raked his nail across the measuring tape before reaching over to Tony’s left arm, wrapping it around his bicep.
He woke up to the sound of a wild wheezing noise. He opened his eyes hastily and sat up, sweat dripping down his neck. The arc was brighter, as though it were stronger somehow and cooled off quickly with its fans. Looking at the reactor he began to inspect it, distinguishing the fan, the structure, and lastly the odd power source in the center. Running through the possibilities of what it may be since it seemed as though it were some type of element, he came out with nothing.
His suit prototype has gotten exceptionally better. A color scheme had been implemented and he created a head piece. It seems as though anytime he had made any prominent progress, the next day Steve took him on another mission. The second time workers found something moving in the sewers and someone who worked with the government alerted the Avengers that the issue was inhuman. The third time was very difficult on Tony. While entering a burning building the two of them were faced with a young girl who burnt her family’s skin off after seemingly out of nowhere gaining these powers. Turns out her father had been experimenting on her while she slept. The child was taken away and penalized for their death but remained under government protection.
Freezing in place at such a sudden death, his eyes prickled and began to burn with painful tears. He began trembling in terror where he stood. He couldn’t move, inches from the inside of the creature's unhinged jaw. Unblinkingly he watched the mouth stretch around him in order to swallow him whole as it screamed louder, spit flying across his face and body. Scrunching his eyes, Tony prepared for his death and the onslaught of pain.
“Down boy, it’s okay. You’re in my room, meaning you’re my guest.” Steve was reluctant but sat down, pleasantly sated from the good meal.
“We’re not on a mission yet.  I have a lot to teach you beforehand.”
Abruptly the blonde sat up straight and moved the tape towards the other’s hips. With only slight hesitation he wraps his arms around the back of the brunette. Bringing the tape around and reading the measurements, he removed his hands slowly and shook his head. Tony watched as the man’s throat bobbed. With reluctance, he places the measuring tape at the corner of where Tony’s growing bulge began to where it ended. It took everything for Tony not to flinch, shocked stiff at the action. Steve kept trying to avert his eyes as a courtesy but he needed to see the measurement. He moved his hand back once he finished like he had been burnt and got up, draping the tape across his shoulders. Tony knew his face was red from the heat he felt in his cheeks, but looking at the fast paced super soldier, the other man wasn’t in that much better shape.
“You wore a suit, when you saved me, right?” Tony asked. Steve shuffled a bit.
“Yes, sir.” Tony absolutely hated even the smallest blinking of light when he was sleeping so this new damn thing in his chest will be the death of him. He spent his time after Steve left rearranging his furniture to the image he had in mind and ordered many of the things he needed online. After a shower, he slid into his new bed.
“It may be unwise since he wasn’t able to protect you befor-“
A hysterical woman screamed in a paramedic’s face who kept trying the keep her seated. She saw Tony and ran over to him. She wasn’t one of the women who had children and Tony stood a bit defensively because of her erratic demeanor, ready to defend himself.
“I had him unconscious, stitching him up and made sure you were clear to get everyone out.” Tony visibly became less tense. Steve’s expression softened and he started up the car.
Steve left Tony to his overactive mind. How many nicknames have they gone through in a matter of minutes? He couldn’t be bothered to count.
“Hey Shellhead, I'm trying here. There’s not exactly a manual on how to become a damn superhero.” Prying off the crushed up metal, Tony grabbed the weight from the other man’s hands, arms falling slightly at the unexpected heaviness of it.
He closed his eyes but didn’t see anything. Just as he was about to open his eyes he felt a warmth caress his neck, then a brush against his lips. As soon as it came, it left.
“So Cap, what do protectors do?” A small smirk played at the corners of his lips at the nickname he gave the blonde, already enjoying his time here.
“It’s your next test. Only you can make something you’re a hundred percent happy with.” Tony’s mind went to the creature he encountered. What materials would protect him from whatever that thing was?
“Isn’t it a bit soon to be measuring each other Cap?” Tony says smugly as he begins removing his tie. He felt a bit suffocated, even with himself being the driving force of the air around them with his own remarks. The other man just shook his head with disbelief and a slight smile, face turning the slightest hint of red.
“I hope today wasn’t so bad that you can’t sleep.” The two sat on the new couch Tony got for his room, eating a meal sent by Phil as congratulations on his first day.
“Well then, this is unnecessary.” Tony began to walk away. Steve was quick, latching his fingers firmly around his wrist. The brunette pulled lightly at his hand but was greeted with a harsher grip.
“Has he been assigned a protector yet, sir?” This causes his smile to waver the slightest bit, pulling his previous eye contact with Tony away.
“What the hell?”
“Protector?” Is all he replied with. With these advancements already implemented, there wasn’t much he can do. He can’t refuse to the conditions that come with this.
“I want to see where you’re at. What’s your mental state and abilities.” As Steve uttered out his last word he jolted his fist towards Tony’s chest unexpectedly. With a puff of air, Tony grabbed the blonde’s fist with both hands before it could make contact with him. The brunette's eyes were wide as Steve retreated his hand with an impressed smile.
“What the hell did you do to me?” Stark rasped out weakly, huffing at the pain from his head that slowly subsided.
A swelling feeling washed over Tony’s head, sending waves of pain into his skull. Images of a man, similar to the outline he saw shooting the creature, became clear. Soft murmurs of a deep voice rang in his head and he felt his face go slack, watching the images flash behind his eyelids. Moments he had never experienced with this man played. He listened to soft laughter, making his lips twitch the slightest bit. Swelling in his chest causes some sort of sound to come from the reactor.
“What do you see?” The images faded and he opened his eyes with a small huff, in awe of what he just experienced.
“I’m sorry you had to wake up before we finished but I guess this is for the best.” The man went on.
Steve walked Tony back to his room.
“Jarvis, light control to nonexistent until I wake up, please and thanks.”
“Let me take care of you in return.” He brought his body closer, a hair away from laying flush against Tony’s.
“Unlock the doors.” The sound of locks is booming in the silence. Tony avoids eye contact and maneuvers himself out from under Steve.
“I think it’s a fantastic idea.” The blonde looked up, shocked. The brunette walked over to his bed and sat comfortably, bouncing a bit to test it out, nodding after approving its stiffness.
I would like to know your first name if that’s alright.” Tony clenched his teeth as Steve almost whispers out that statement as if it were a dirty secret only they should know about.
“I did, but you were so focused you didn’t realize I came back in to check up on you.” Steve got up, eyes trained on Tony’s chest.
Thoughts ran through Tony’s head as the figure stood irregularly tall, almost not human like. They could have a weapon. Ringing up the police he told them quietly and quickly what was going on and began making his way to the dark man.
Tony walks alongside Phil to the dining area, picking at the pre-prepared meal supplied to him as they sat down to talk. If this Rogers guy was that worried of course he would want to give him the peace of mind of letting him know he way okay. It was a no brainer.
“Uhm, I mean I go by Captain America.” Tony’s head jolted and he closed his eyes, seeing the colors and outline of a patriotic suit. He opened his eyes to a confused Steve.
‘Anyone heard from Strange?’ Tony asks.
the Chitauri before you guys got hold of it, and who knows who else had owned it before them, right? So Ultron was sentient and had been existing in the sceptre he’d have been learning from all of them as well, and most of them wanted to destroy or control the world in some way. So when he heard your plan to put armour around the world-’
Sharon sends Steve a terrified look and the soldier makes a move to intervene but Vision stops him. ‘Wanda will not harm her, Captain.’
‘Not you too,’ Bucky groans. ‘Have you two bird brains been gossiping or do I have to take it up with Natasha?’
‘My name is Mantis,’ she says, ‘my friends are over here. Hey everyone. This is Thor and his friend who I do not know the name of and they want to defeat Thanos.’
Perversely it was Venom who had helped the most. The first night, when everyone else had gone to bed, the Symbiote had detached itself from Peter whilst he sat in Wade’s infirmary room. ‘I sssshall take my leave,’ Venom hissed at him.
‘Alright, Baby Boy,’ Wade laughs, standing from his chair and grabbing hold of the webslinger and throwing him over his shoulder, ‘you and me are going for some sparring.’
‘I wouldn’t keep him waiting,’ Strange chuckles, and is surprised when Rhodes takes the empty seat not long afterwards.
‘And again,’ Loki says to everyone, glaring at Tony.
‘Is there anything to discuss about
‘Wong not joining us?’ he asks Strange; the doctor explains his friend’s absence.
He slows down trying to give himself more time to work out what they were picking up on. ‘Pete you alright?’ Ned asks him.
‘Nothing I can see, Cap. And considering there’s a whole lot of open farmland here, that means there’s nothing to see.’
‘Glad you like it,’ the inventor laughs, slipping it onto the ring finger of his offered right hand.
‘True,’ and now Agatha’s in front of her again, tone more curious now, ‘but you didn’t. Instead it amplified what, otherwise, should have died. And your magic, Wanda? It’s chaos magic.’
, I don’t have to hide who I am and what I can do. The one place I can be
‘He’ll have to catch you first,’ Steve winks at him, ‘I think you’re underestimating your spider-sense.’
‘I’m nearly through, boss.’
‘You always did the same thing to me,’ Bruce points out from his place at the coffee table. Tony just sticks his tongue out at him.
‘Need some help with the laces?’ Tony offers, the answer to which is a very grateful smile.
‘Not for a dog, and you know that’s what I meant,’ Tony huffs.
‘Oh?’ Tony’s eyebrows raise into his hair. ‘Failed to mention that before. I’m guessing you’re bi then seeing as you took that girl to Homecoming.’
‘Must have been,’ she nods. ‘I…I tried talking to Steve but…’
‘Well think of it like the old fashioned kettles you’d use on the hob,’ Tony explains, this is another change she’s noticed, he automatically explains things in much simpler terms. ‘When there’s too much steam the spout opens and lets it out, right? So what if you try and make a small opening on one side of the containment field, letting out energy in a controlled way until the blast is back at a level you can contain?’
‘FRIDAY? How much do you know about fishing vessels?’ he asks, opening up a new project in his SI folder and wondering how he was going to sell it to Pepper.
Loki directs Bucky’s gaze upwards where he can just make out a fading shape. -
big bet,’ Natasha rolls her eyes at Rhodes, but they’re also twinkling in mischief. She knows how good a shot all three of them are, if she’s got that look in her eye it means they all have an equal chance. ‘What we using?’
, Cap. And if you think I’m not going to be there when we hunt down the prick who threatened Peter you have another thing coming.’
‘Eww… now you’re getting gross,’ Wanda scrunches her nose up as she continues to read over his shoulder.
‘Don’t pull that crap, Tony,’ Rhodes says from his seat on the couch. He winces recognising that tone and knowing he’s up the proverbial creek without a boat, let alone a paddle. ‘You told me you’d gotten over the worst of the hydrophobia. What else about your mental and physical health have you been keeping secret?’
‘You know I kinda envy you guys all the stories you have,’ Scott admits.
‘It has been a long time since I sought out war,’ Thor reassures her, ‘it usually finds me instead.’
‘You- but- is this real?’
‘Piss off, bird brain.’
‘Please,’ Tony nods, ‘I’d rather not risk-’
‘You’ll get used to it eventually. If you feel that you’re lost just ask FRIDAY for help. Only do me a favour and don’t talk to the ceiling like Steve always used to, she doesn’t live in the ceiling. I used to walk in and wonder if he was trying to talk to FRIDAY or God.’
‘Both I think? They were just on about him being his son before. Long lost love child or something,’ Rhodes answers.
‘Sounds like a good idea to me,’ Rhodes says.
Thank you to everyone who is still reading this story, to everyone who has left kudos or bookmarked this story, and especially to those of you who take the time to leave comments. I hope you are continuing to enjoy it. As always let me know if there is anything you would like to see.
Loki grins at him. ‘Wise man.’ He teleports to catch Hope as she leaves the common area.
‘Tony Stark!’ the leader shouts, his voice making Peter’s ears ring. ‘I’ve got something that apparently belongs to you! Why don’t we have a little chat?’ He presses the gun into the back of Peter’s head and hisses into his ear. ‘You keep your hands on your head, do
to have access to his work.’
‘Oh come on, Stark,’ Hammer laughs, ‘you think you can work it out? He got me out of that prison right from under your noses and you didn’t realise what had happened until I
‘Ready, Peter?’ Steve comes up next to him, putting a hand on his shoulder.
‘How’s the sanding coming along bird brain?’ the dark haired man calls from the other end of the table. Okay maybe they were that bad.
‘You can explain why my cousin contacts me to say he’d had a call from our aunt’s old nursing home to say they’d found some of her things whilst clearing out a storage space, and there was a box in there with your name on it.’ She pulls the large shoe-box sized box from under her arm and holds it out to him one handed.
‘Almost?’
Loki laughs. ‘There will be enough celebrations to take part in that you will not be inactive my good doctor.’
‘How much food did they bring with them?’ he asks Steve, eyeing the plates of food that had been laid out on the giant wooden table. ‘Did they actually eat any of it the first time around?’
‘Ok what month is my birthday?’
‘May for the last time: we’ll be absolutely fine. You and Stewart go out for your dinner, I’ve got some school work I can be getting done whilst she’s asleep anyway. If I can fight Thanos I’m pretty sure I can look after a baby for a couple of hours.’
‘Neither of them. I didn’t want Asgard’s throne either, not really. I just…I just wanted to be considered, to be good enough to be a choice. That’s why I did what I did in Asgard, when Thor and I first came to Earth. I just wanted Odin to see I could be a choice.’
‘Yeah,’ Steve admits, ‘but Tony would always change it anyway.’ His voice catches a little on the inventor’s name.
Peter watches her enter an old warehouse. ‘Alright Karen, send a message to the team and activate the tracking beacon.’
‘It’s not the
‘Oh my god it’s the Black Widow!’ the whispers start moving up the bus and, when it pulls to a stop and the doors open everyone seems a bit nervous to get up and leave.
‘I don’t think she really knows what fun is yet, Pete.’
‘What’s the plan?’ Vision asks as he lands near them.
still go and do his workout.
‘I can return the Hulk! We shall have a glorious contest and I will return him once I have bested him!’ Thor says, turning to face the forest.
‘Don’t ask,’ Rhodes suggests.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Guys less chatter please,’ Tony says, there’s a loud clang and Tony grunts.
Peter frowns up at him, arms crossed and hips forward in a posture of pissed-off Spider-Man that Wade knows
Natasha laughs as she presses the call button on Hope’s contact, lifting the phone to her ear. The atmosphere in the jet has just got a little lighter. It looks like the team might be able to heal after all.
‘Natasha Romanoff,’ she says, extending her hand, ‘oh sorry-’
‘We are hoping,’ Rumlow cuts in with a warning glare at Steve and Bucky, ‘that soon Barnes will be able to show just how useful the arm can be in active duty.’
‘Well done Big Guy,’ she laughs, patting him on the shoulder. ‘You did good.’
‘We don’t trade lives, Vis,’ Steve cuts across him, ‘not unless there is no other choice.’
Ripping off his shirt he strapped himself solidly in place, grabbing the tools he needed. He had realized recently that his new heart isn’t capable of handling severely increased ‘heart rate’. While on missions he would realize the physical exertion he felt during straining and stressful acts. Anything that involved intense emotional distress and strenuous acts, his body would feel suffocated and his arc would make noise. Guilt bubbled in Tony’s chest. He can’t risk feeling any harmful emotions right now.
“You will get as many people outside of this building and I’ll get whatever is causing this. Got it?” He patted his shoulder and ran in before Tony could reply. He heard another gunshot and scream before a series of gunshots. The sound of bones breaking forces Tony to enter. His eyes immediately go to the hostages. Mothers were crying and shoving their kids in his face. Grabbing as many children as he could, he ran with them out of the building. Officers had now arrived and taken the children. Group by group, Tony had gotten everyone out.
“Yes, he seemed like the person that saved me.” This caused the man to look up at Tony with an exasperated expression.
the rage pouring off of the man. ‘Don’t you dare tell me you’ve put a
‘What about what the Secretary General has said about getting people to register? Do you think that’s going to have an impact on whether Stark acknowledges the boy?’
Peter laughs. ‘I told you so.’
‘Nat, sometime today would be nice,’ Steve sighs. ‘Clint, we got any movement out there?’
Steve. There are laws against that you know.’
‘I like this guy. Brother I want to keep him,’ Shuri says, turning back to work on Vision.
Tony spins on his chair and pulls his goggles off. ‘Hey Cap. I just thought we could get started on your dancing lessons while everyone else is too busy wondering if Peter is going to get an alarm clock to the head.’
Tony continues to heal; Steve wants to help as much as he can and it has some interesting consequences.
‘That….actually
The team finally run into some trouble, and Wade faces off against an old enemy.
‘I’m glad to see you awake, brother,’ Thor smiles at him. ‘Brunnhilde is with them and has promised to ask Stark’s newest system to alert me if they require anything. I wanted to ensure you were well.’
‘I don’t think I like it when you say that,’ she tells him.
‘To meet Deadpool?’
‘Indeed he did, brother. I think it suits you.’
‘Anyway,’ Bucky cuts in before the two of them can start a full argument. ‘How do we know it’ll help me?’
‘Me!’ Peter and Wanda both volunteer at the same time.
‘Long story. Now I’ve got to move, you coming?’
knew about all of that.’
‘Stark Industries?’ Bucky repeats. ‘Why?’
‘I still don’t know what the kid sees in him,’ Sam sighs, shaking his head.
‘Why would that make a difference? He loves AC/DC!’
‘Hey, did I hear this kid mention Tony Stark?’ another of the men says, nudging the back of Ned’s head with the end of his gun.
Peter shuts his mouth with an audible click, he can feel the blood draining from his face at Harry’s words and starts to feel a little light headed.
‘Hardly a sound comparison, considering what it is you went through.’
Peter just shakes his head in bewilderment. Sometimes it’s best not to question his boyfriend. A movement upstairs catches his eye and he sees that Steve and Bucky had brough his classmates to watch the end of his and Wade’s sparring session; he quickly reaches up and pulls his mask back down to cover his face before spinning and landing on the mats.
Wanda looks up as Sam flies past with a battered Peter.
‘Already done, Peter. And might I say I’m glad to hear you’re alright?’
Tony has to admit, as he works getting the different screens set up with Hope, that the house is starting to feel more like a home than it ever has before.
He shakes his head trying to get rid of the thoughts.
‘Alright Wanda new rule. If someone else touches the ball you have to let it be touched by another of your teammates before you can use your power on it again,’ Rhodes shouts, obviously giving up on trying to keep the game in check.
‘-he just likes to fuss,’ Bucky snorts as he comes into the room, accompanied by Natasha who is looking absolutely stunning in a royal blue dress.
Steve just rolls his eyes. ‘What does that make you then? A grave-robber?’
‘Peggy Carter,’ she finished for him. Steve looks to Tony and sees the inventor’s face has turned white.
She laughs and waves him off. ‘Just doing my job. I’ll return to my patient for now and assign two of our most discreet nurses to him.’
‘Alright, enough,’ Fury cuts them off. ‘That’s four down. What about the last two?’
‘Peter! How many times do I have to tell you not to throw things in the lab?’ Bruce huffs. ‘This is not Tony’s workshop!’
‘Hey those are just as scary! I had a teacher I swear could see out of the back of her head and through desks. She always knew what was going on,’ Sam says.
Natasha’s laugh from the kitchen is infectious. ‘Oh I can’t wait to see Barnes’ face when you tell him he’s a
‘Go put your stuff in your room, Underoos. Come join me in the lab, we’ll have a tinker before dinner.’
‘Alright that does it!’ Peter huffs. ‘Give me your best shot!’
As always here's a sneak peek at the next chapter:
‘You’ll be fine, Bucky. Come on we’ll help you get your feet,’ Tony encourages, voice soft. ‘Come on, let’s head towards the ice. You ready Steve?’
‘Tony-’
Dinner actually goes fairly well. Bucky is sat at the other end of the table to Peter and Wade, next to Steve. Tony is sitting next to his boyfriend, obviously taking pity on Wade and trying to make it so he doesn’t feel his every move is being watched. They’re joined by May, Wanda and Vision, the others taking up the seats in between.
‘Is this the one to actually do or the one to be ignored, boss?’
‘That’s why we’ve got Steve and Bucky: they were fighting HYDRA. They’re our first enemy. Thanos just overtook them in importance.’ After a pause she adds. ‘We’re never going to get rid of them completely you know.’
‘Why would the Avengers have a psycho killer on the team, Ned?’
‘I know, I just,’ she pauses and sighs, ‘I guess I’m scared.’
‘Sarah just give me until next week then I can come down and we can sort this out,’ Sam says quietly into the phone. ‘Please don’t do this.’
Fury and Hill discuss Wade's revelation
He waits, the silence stretching out then, taking a deep breath he says: ‘Soldier?’
‘You have got to be kidding me!’
‘Wanda!’ Vision’s voice rings in her ears, sounding as though it’s reaching her through a fog.
‘We missed you too,’ she returns the hug.
Steve nods and takes off out of sight. By the time they catch up with them in the foyer Peter has Wanda locked in a tight hug, and Tony is slightly worried the girl’s bones are going to snap.
present for?’
‘You guys have done too much,’ he says, putting his plate down to take the box. He opens the top and his eyes nearly pop out of his head. ‘No way!’
‘Please, don’t do this. Don’t leave me,’ Steve’s voice is barely more than a whisper.
Peter can’t help his smile. He’s missed Harry. ‘I’ll introduce you to him when we get to the facility.’
‘Your tribe is not ready,’ he smiles and nods in understanding, ‘my country was very similar, it took a civil war for them to realise we could not shut the world out forever and that it would eventually find its way to us. I hope you do not have to suffer a similar fate before your tribe is willing to look to the rest of the world.’
‘Just ignore him, Pete,’ Ned says, drawing his attention back to his friends. ‘He’s just jealous because he knows you’re going to show him up when we all get there.’
‘There
It isn’t until three-quarters of the pizza have been destroyed that Tony manages to catch Wade in the kitchenette going for more drinks. ‘Is this where you threaten me or something?’ the mercenary asks, offering him a can of coke.
‘What if we know we can beat them?’ Nebula asks as she ducks a bit of dough and passes her own cookies to Wanda.
‘What did you call it?’ Bucky asks.
surprising if he is. Plus Peter knows who his parents are.’
‘Nah,’ he sits up long enough to place another kiss to Tony’s lips before lying on his front, ‘you’ve definitely improved me.’ He can’t stop the groan of contentment as Tony’s fingers start working his tight muscles. In hindsight perhaps they were a bit ambitious bringing the tree back just the three of them.
‘What did I just say?’
‘I haven’t got long, Stark,’ Fury tells him, ‘we’re dealing with a more volatile situation than I first thought.’
Natasha appreciates the chance to celebrate and tries to stop thoughts of what is to come from ruining her evening
you here?’
‘Never mind. Looks like the spies are our next target,’ Peter sighs.
‘I think you look like a nightmare if it’s any consolation,’ Bucky says from his spot on a sofa.
‘Thor’s trying to talk him round,’ Peter continues as if the inventor hasn’t spoken. ‘Though I don’t think he’s going about it in the best way.’
Steve presses a kiss to his head, cutting him off as his breathing starts to get ragged again. ‘Tony no one is going to take that reactor from you while there’s still a single breath left in my body,’ he promises.
‘He’s a Frost Giant!’ a hiss goes up from someone in the small crowd behind them.
‘Loki,’ Thor turns to his brother, ‘the Space stone chose me, but I would ask that you keep it safe on Jotunheim. Asgard is unable to defend anything as important as this at the moment, and I trust it will be safe with you and your people.’
‘You mean it?’
Reacting on instinct Peter wraps an arm around his attacker and sends a web up to stop their fall about twenty feet from the alley floor below them. He looks down to see who was stupid enough to tackle someone off the side of a building and sees none other than-
make me feel better. Thank you.’
‘Thank you,’ Thor whispers.
Here's your sneak peek:
of it. Just calling you out when you don’t tell the
hurts my ears, then I get a migraine and it’s just-’
‘I don’t think anyone expected it to last this long in fairness,’ Bucky says, ‘and we’ve had a couple of years to catch up on.’
‘But you aren’t doing it alone this time,’ Steve reminds him. ‘
‘Hey Mama!’ ‘Hey Mama!’
‘Ok we need to stop with the Miss Romanoff, because it makes me feel like-’
‘Only because I let you,’ he responds, looking over his shoulder at the newcomer, ‘and as always you have impeccable timing. You’ll have to tell me how you do it, I think I need to be more dramatic.’
‘Seven?’ Tony frowns. ‘Forgive me, Captain Rumlow, but I count nine members of your squad, including you.’
‘Yeah I remember you chasing me up the side of a building.’
