Sherlock let his fierce gaze wander throughout the room, every detail was carefully filed away in his mind palace. A haunting atmosphere hung over the whole scene, like it had never moved on from the day Sherlock fell, still stuck in the past while the presence only left ghostly traces. Sherlock felt the rush of the game tingling in his fingertips- maybe this would be even more interesting than he had thought- careful not to destroy any clues, Sherlock moved through the flat, like a long dead visitor of a nebulous past. A breeze of the unknown.
“Obviously I didn't, Lestrade get yourself together, where is John?“ Sherlock was inches away from screaming at the man.
“That's a joke, isn't it? For the last time, Sherlock Holmes is dead, he killed himself and you won't be able to change it either, now stop it, before I get you arrested.“
From one second to another the grey walls of the room vanished and were replaced with his brother's cold office:“focus, Sherlock!“ he ordered unmoved.
“That's right Sherlock, you're missing something, remember, or shall John end up like redbeard did?“ Mycroft confirmed his doubts gleefully.
He kept quiet until he could be sure his voice would not quaver:“Where are we heading?“
Frustrated Sherlock ended the call, the detective was absolutely refusing to believe him, meaning he had no other choice than prove to him that he was in fact as neat as ninepence. Sherlock hurried determined to the next cab and drove straight to Scotland-Yard. His time was running out.
on being alive. The cup in the sink showed traces of earl grey, without milk or sugar, John must've used it for several days, without cleaning it out, this meant that if John had not gone out to eat something, the lack of any other dirty dishes proved that he had neither eaten nor washed up.
“What did you deduce about John Watson?“ he continued and provided Sherlock with an anchor point.
“To the cemetery.“ Lestrade retorted dryly.
Sherlock and Lestrade turned around the next corner and Sherlock found that London's graveyards were certainly too big and that next time he wouldn't make it that easy for John. Next time he would have to drive far off to the countryside, to the smallest graveyard Sherlock would be able to find. Ideally he would prevent John from even thinking about something like that ever again. His chest began burning and his breath rattled after the sprint over the cemetery grounds, nervertheless they finally arrived. Expecting the worst, he fixed his view on the position where is black tombstone stood and was met with the figure of John right in front of him, motionless and silent. The weapon firmly in his right hand and resolutely pushed against his jaw. Sherlock's ears were filled with static that drowned out anything else. He tried to form a sentence, opened his mouth to speak without having decided on what to say yet, just to hear a loud bang with wich the noises descended upon him again, only then did he realise that the sound which had broken the deafening silence was his own voice.
“We have to get there, as fast as possible, if necessary turn on the sirens.“ Sherlock ordered- they had meanwhile reached the patrol cars- he left no room for discussion and Lestrade obeyed.
Sherlock observed the living room, his belongings were nearly untouched, his books were stacked in a mess on the desk, just like he had left them there. A thick layer of dust layered itself above them obscouring the lettering on the covers. On the contrary the opposite side of the table seemed to have been used more frequently, the dark wood shimmered in the twilight of the London sun in early autumn, which glowed between the gaps of the heavy courtain and refracted in the new scratches while the mahagoni shimmered golden. Maybe John accustomed himself to eat here and the light abrasions resulted from the porcelain of their dishes. Besides his own possessions, Sherlock couldn't make out anything that could belong to John, not that there had been much to begin with, but still, the presence of another person in the flat was hard to surmise rather than the absence of Sherlock himself.
But the most pominent was that it totally lacked labelling: John had kept the letter for a long time out in the open in the flat, without ever having the intention of sending it, there wasn't even a name written on it. Therefore he assumed that it would be found, from whom was irrelevant. The context of the screed arose inevitably: It was a suicide note.
“John, stop!“
“Who's there? Where did you get this phone?“ Lestrade's voice greeted irritated.
“And where?“ His brother asked condecendingly, as if the answer was obvious.
This pulled Lestrade from his paralysis and he held up his hands placatingly:“We have been out of touch since months, I don't know what he's doing.“
Ignoring all other officials he was running directly to Lestrade's office. The only thing keeping him upright while doing so, was his anger towards Lestrade's incompetence and the despair over not reaching John in time. When Sherlock bolted through the door so violently that it hit the wall, Lestrade stared at him like he had seen a ghost, but Sherlock kept ignoring the unspoken questions that were written all over his face and grabbed him by the collar, repeating his burning question with urgency:“Where. Is. John?!“
Sherlock opened the door to 221B Bakerstreet, the tension in his body left him at once. Finally he was home again. Even though Sherlock didn't really value sentiment, he preferred his flat over any other place he was forced to sleep in for the past two years nevertheless, not to mention the company of his favourite blogger, which he had to miss until today. After he had closed the door, Sherlock stopped in his motion, as if petrified he listened into the silence, it was eerily quiet. This could only mean that John, as well as Mrs. Hudson, had to be out, although Sherlock had made sure when exactly John used to leave the flat. Sensing a new exciting chance to get to know more about John's life whilst Sherlock's absence. He became gleefull, even though surely there couldn't have been major changes- the game promised to be fun- energeticly he swung himself up the stairs and strode with determination into their living room.
Sherlock pondered about it,- It can't be the flat, John would have already heard him, if he were in a room Sherlock didn't already sift through. But where? Where could you use a gun undisturbed? Where would John Watson want to die?
“He took his gun with him and I can't find him.“ Sherlock now sounded completely pathetic, like a child whining to it's mother. But when even Lestrade had no clue to John's whereabouts, then it's just as possible that he's long dead.
Yellowed paper: It was exposed to the sun for a long time too then, which confirmed the deduction that there hadn't been visitors.
-even though John seemed to live in utter neglect of himself, the flat was suprisingly clean.- thought Sherlock, who had expected to expose John's last few failed relationships or the bad decision to grow a mustache, instead of growing more and more worried about his friends well-being. Getting even more nervous he decided to go into John's bedroom, his composition for Irene Adler reached through the walls in a whisper, the notes muffled by wallpaper and bricks. The melody was beautiful but heavy-hearted, it was like a mirror for Sherlock who had been fascinated by the dominatrix but also saw himself hurled in a deep depression. Even though he only reluctantly wanted to admit it but The Woman had beaten him in every way possible. But in opposition to Mycroft's assessment, Sherlock didn't think of her as a dragon he was bound to strike dead. This he had proven and therefore payed the price, but even though their twisted love was mutual, it was obvious to both that the other won't be their last. Sherlock had made his peace with it. Shaking off the old memories he tried to focus on the situation at hand: The game, the first game since he was back in London: John. John he handn't seen for two years, John who watched static on TV, John who didn't eat and listened to his tapes, John he didn't recognise,
“Who should there be? Here's Sherlock. Where's John?!“ He was panicking again and could barely tolerate Lestrade's evasive replies.
“Think Sherlock! Are you stupid? You have always been a disappointment, what should mummy just think about it?“ mocked Mycroft.
“John's jacket! He left his jacket.“ Mycroft nodded.
One glance in the direction of their armchairs confirmed Sherlock in his next assumption, for two years, nobody had used his armchair, unlike John's. The question if anyone at all had visited him in the last few months hung heavy in the air, suffocating Sherlock with it's most likely answer. At the recliner's foot stood an old cassette tape recorder, one Sherlock himself had used every now and then, scattered around it were several tapes. Only one look at them told Sherlock that these tapes had to contain the records of his current compositions. They were nothing Sherlock would brag about, they were just a byproduct of a process, he mostly used them to reflect on and improve his compositions, which were rather short and emanating from random moods, that Sherlock tried to capture and understand, Sherlock surely preferred to play his music instead of listening to it. But if he thought about it, without John, the flat was filled with an opressing silence in which Sherlock's solitude echoed even louder, maybe it could be helpfull as well to let the tape play in the background, just to determine what John had heard last. Sherlock bend down gingerly and pushed in the chunky button deeply, the button locked with a noisy click and in the next second his violin chimed, obviously in the middle of the song. Sherlock continued to stroll through the half abandoned, half haunted flat.
cannot come back from the dead. There was too much left unsaid, things he could not postpone any longer. What would happen if he were not able to save John Watson, Sherlock didn't want to imagine, presumably he wouldn't leave the cemetery this time too.
a self-righteous, narcissistic Freak.
The only thing that still lingered was the faint smell of John's aftershave. An invisible trail that lead through the flat and was lost in itself, as if John had become a ghost, that haunted his own apartment.* Sherlock on the other hand enjoyed the familiar scent immensely, it was one of the things he had kept close while disassembling Moriarty's underground network. By now Sherlock was fairly sure that John had not made any major changes to their flat, since he had jumped off the roof. Even his knife was still stuck deep into the mantlepiece. All the while the fireplace seemed to had been cleaned out. So John had not used it either. On the other hand he must have spend an extensive amout of time on the couch and in his arm chair, since both looked a bit squished and less dusty. Sherlock switched on the TV curiously, eager to know what his Doctor Watson had chosen to entertain himself with, but instead of being presented with the standart fatuous soap opera, the screen just showed image noise. - Why would he have set it to an empty channel? Or didn't he use the telly anymore after all?- Sherlock switched it off again and put the remote back into place.
“What?! No, you can't. Impossible. Sherlock passed away, believe me, I carried the coffin.“ He stammered incredulously.
Between them floated the evidence, Sherlock's breath was getting steadier now, as he could concentrade on the facts in front of him:“spoiled milk, cereals, tapes, dust everywhere, the envelope, the mobile phone...“ Sherlock hesitated.
And now he stood in his empty bedroom, where everything had it's designated place, but John was still missing. Not often did Sherlock have had the chance to poke around undisturbed, but it was not like there had been much of interest to begin with. His furniture was modest and practical, he didn't possess many personel items either, only the open shelf on the left side of the bed gave an insight into the ex-soldier's character, there were a few folders and books lined up, inbetween gathered a small collection of keepsakes of childhood and university as well as his time at the army, nothing of which would be new to Sherlock, moreover did nothing attract his attention too, exept maybe for the overall petty tidiness of the room. - maybe an old army-habit- On the plywood desk were his mobile phone, his laptop and some personal documents, on top of it all the last bill from his therapist dated six months ago- why didn't he attend therapy anymore?- everything was neatly arranged with a precision that usually just fit Mycrofts obsessive compulsive behaviour. Sherlock picked up the mobile phone and switched on the display, the batteries were still charged, but it was overflowing with messages and missed calls: Mike Stamfort, Lestrade, Harry and Clara, even Mycroft left him a message. But if John was out and about, then why didn't he take his phone with him? Even for John, who didn't stress a lot about it, that was suspiscious. With shaking hands did Sherlock reach for the knob of the desk drawer and pulled it open agonizingly slow, terrified to have his concerns confirmed. The drawer revealed a thin envelope. Sherlock, struck with panic, gave a short whimper and held his breath, when he dared to move again he took a sharp intake of air, before he nervously fumbled for the drawer again and tore it out with a rough motion, he scanned the underside of the desk to no avail.
As John noticed Sherlock's voice, he turned around not believing his own ears and lowered the gun of which it's barrel had been pressed against his chin only moments ago. He wasn't even able to grasp what he thought to see at first.- This couldn't be true, he must be imagining.- John was paralysed. He was overwhelmed by the whole situation and his emotions were drowning him. He should be relieved, but everything he felt was anger and bitter, pure desperation- what should he do with himself? The ground was ripped from under his feet again, just now, when he decided to bring an end to it all, Sherlock really must be the most cruel human-being, John knew. How was he supposed to learn how to live again, when all he had done for two years was to convince himself to die?- With every second that passed and he remained standing there, unmoving, he was awaiting the inevitable downfall, that everything would collapse above his head, every moment was streched into days and above it all was John swaying on the slim line between life and death. He was completely empty, like the coast before a tsunami. Like an abandoned city before a horrible catastrophe. But he just stood there and watched himself drowning.
Only when Sherlock couldn't do anymore than waiting for them to arrive he decided to speak again:“John left his mobile phone at the flat, if you want to know.“
Sherlock went deeper into his mind palace, inspected the rooms once again, until he realised: the last clue was not inside the flat, but in the hallway.
Sherlock slumped down discouraged and was now rather clinging to Lestrade's jacket than dragging him around at it. Lestrade on the other hand clutched him decisively by the shoulders and raised him up again.
Now the colour was completely drained from his face, his intense stare fully concentrating on the envelope, which peeked out a little rumpled from under the drawer. Sherlock carefully pulled it from under the wood, as if the words inside were semtex and with great reverence towards their destructive force did he not dare to open it. Not as long as there was a chance that John was alive. Instead he flipped it over a few times while examining it swiftly.
The car suddenly came to a halt and tore him from his thoughts, Lestrade and he jumped simultaneously out of the car and were running blind. The last time Sherlock had been here, was at his funeral. Many didn't attend it, on the one hand because they knew he had faked his suicide and on the other because he hadn't really known many people who favoured him.- It's not like he could blame them, Sherlock did not take pride in his charm.- Back then he had thought seeing Mrs. Hudson grief, would be the worst impression he had to witness that day, but Sherlock will never forget what John said there at his grave and he realised that it had beared way more meaning than he had first assumed, something he should have taken to heart earlier. Because now it could already be too late and
“But if John's neither at work, nor at the grocery store, then isn't it obvious where he is?“
“John planned his suicide for today.“ To say it outloud let the game become an urgent reality, settling smotheringly on his chest.
Some stray traces of use: The letter must have been kept for a longer period of time which is an indicator for a planned suicide.
The vehicle is apparently the smaller 4x4 version, but it is still massive. A beige behemoth, covered in armour and powerful sigils. John runs his fingers over the red cross painted on the back door. It isn’t a sigil exactly, but there is power is symbolism and belief. The cross gives a feeling of good health and protection.
Mycroft has just gotten off the phone. “The team will be here in fifteen minutes. Gather John will you?” Mycroft says, looking over at Greg.
Sherlock scowls.
Lestrade yanks him back, sitting him forward in the chair. “Enough,” he warns, “that’s enough.”
Bare with me if anything about the sniper rifle is wrong. I was in the Army and I know M-16's like the back of my hand, but that's because I spent something like a year and a half with one basically attached to me. However, I know nothing about sniper rifles or hand guns, so don't be knit-picky please.
“What did you do,” Jim grinned, leaning down so they were pressed chest to chest.
“John,” Smith says, and there is something in his tone, that finally makes John drop his hold.
Sherlock and the man are running through the dark, London streets together. They share adrenaline fueled glances, eyes bright against the night.
Instead, he shakes Mycroft’s shoulder, “Are you alright?”
“That is rather useful,” Mycroft agrees, “Healing spells have never been my forte.”
“A MI,” a man scoffed, “how ridiculous. Its obviously murder.”
Mycroft checks his watch, the conversation lasted 2.35 minutes.
He leans closer, checking the bruising pattern around the mouth. The victim is a middle-aged gentlemen who, despite bloating from the river, was probably overweight. His clothes are waterlogged and fish nibbled, but Lestrade recognizes cheap polyester suit when he sees it, he has enough in his own closet.
John watches him, eyes narrowed. The man is a wall and John suspects it will be a very long time before he is allowed to see behind it. He catches a glimpse though and knows with all certainty that Mycroft is sincere in his worry. “I’ve never been to Ireland.” He leaps from the chair, wings unfurling from the ether. Time for an adventure.
Sherlock’s response is cut off by a blinding pain that starts in the back of his brain and shoots down his bond arm. “John,” he gasps.
“Thank you sir,” Lestrade has to play this just right, Gregson has always been a self-absorbed prat. “Sir, some of the scene may have been staged. Eddie Van Coon is left handed,” he suggests, gesturing to the gun.
John looks ready to deny the ‘charge’ title, but decides against it. “We need to ask the Hudson River a question, do you know how to find him.”
The soldiers behind the wall laid down suppressive fire, but their aim was way off in an attempt to not hit their comrades.
In the storm and the sand, there is only the two of them, bond mates soaring for the first time. It is a test of trust and strength and, in their case, a bit of madness. Sherlock watches John’s strong back as he levels his flight, barely avoiding a building, and thinks about sharing his London with a man that would fly in an Afghani dust storm with nary a hesitation.
A quiet laugh escaped through Bruce’s nose as he smiled. God, his kids were making him soft. “Tell him to close his eyes and count to ten.”
“Ah-ah, don’t you dare!”
That had been some years before, and as feisty and pigheaded as her little soldier could be at times, Steve had taken to being one of Mama’s dumplings like ducks took to water. And Mama couldn’t have been happier.
Molly scooped her back up in an instant, and buried her face in her soft, plush fur. “Uh-huh!”
Greg could see his  initials gleaming from it where they were engraved, taunting him. He exhaled loudly and, quickly as he could, fumbled with the fly of his jeans and shucked them down to mid-thigh.
She joined along in Harry mischievous laughing, until she nearly giggled herself right off the toilet.
, wai’d!” Dick wailed. He struggled against Bruce as he carried him towards the bathroom, trying anything to break his grip; he shoved with his hands and he kicked with his feet until Bruce finally had enough and reached over to give his mostly unprotected backside a sharp swat and that was the worst thing he could do, because then he…he couldn’t…he…
“Oh no, that’s sooo sad! Whoever did that that to this poor, innocent child should be in
“Mmmm...for pi’sha.”
Sherlock popped his thumb from his mouth and clapped; “Na-na!”
So, it looks like our New Year’s Baby is Molly!
But when he reached the doorway, Mycroft stopped and looked over his shoulder; “Oh, and bring their sippy cups up with you when you’re done,” he said, and then left.
Sherlock reached back and swatted at his brothers’ ankle...or the air around it, at least.  “Sssst’aaahhh’b!” he whinged.
“Are you sure you both wouldn’t like some help?” Thor ventured from the kitchen, where he was calmly making a peanut butter sandwich while he waited.
Greg swallowed thickly. Something about the way Mycroft said ‘punishment’ made his stomach go all wobbly.
Sherlock only narrowed his eyes and tapped his finger against his lips. “Wha’d you gi’b me?”
,” he sneered.
The moment that John Watson finally awoke with a snuffle (after being warm and cozy and so deeply, wonderfully asleep), he knew that something was very much Not Right.
“…No.”
Ah, so that was it. Greg felt some of the weight in his chest ease off.
“…Bette than an Elsa dress?” John asked, no longer able to wait for Sherlock’s reaction.
“Good lad.”
“Oh God, no, he loves them now,” Sherlock was saying; “He hasn’t been afraid in a good, long while–”
Jawn smiled…it was a weak, tired smile, but it was still a smile. “How?”
Sherlock looked from Gregs’ hand and met his gaze, then did a double--no, a triple!--take between the two for several seconds until, just as the older man thought they were going to be there all day...a slow, shy smile crept across his face as he reached out and gave the back of Gregs’ hand a soft slap.
,’ he thought. He was never going to live it down if either Jawn or Sherlock had a nightmare because of this feck’in movie. After putting the milk away and double checking the lids on both cups, he picked them up by their respective handles and followed after his boyfriend.
“Because he’ll kill me if he sees you sitting up here and not in your carseat.”
You know what, no. He loved the potty, and he’d been comfortable enough to not only sit on it (which Steve had been fully expecting a fight for), but
“I don’t ha'ffa go!” Dick grumped. He
“Yes,” Greg replied, keeping his eyes downcast.
One thing was for certain...he would never again question Sherlocks’ judgement when warning of just how very, very tiny Jawn could be.
“Uh, okay…?” Instantly, a dozen thoughts raced through Bilbo’s mind–were they missing something? Was there danger ahead? Did Thorin need him for something? Did–
“Mm, no.” Sherlock walked over to the rocking chair in the corner of the room, and sat down. “Not until you show me. Once you show me, then you can sleep in the big bed tonight.”
“Uh-huh, thank you darling, that’s very sweet,” she said, discreetly wiping her cheek along her shoulder…and then grabbed Natasha’s ankles in a vice-like grip; “…Now it’s Nattie’s turn!” she cackled as Nat squealed and twisted like a stuck pig. Loki held her foot up for Tony; “There, make her foot pretty!”
The two other men shared a look before Mycroft rolled his eyes and spoke up. “Gregory Lestrade, if you don’t tell us what hap--”
Harry stumbled as his jumping came to a stop, and fell forward onto his hands. He frowned and pushed against the mattress, but alas, there was no more jumping. “Awwww…” he pouted as he sat up and poked his bottom lip out at Severus, betrayed.
It was later…much later, and after he’d had plenty of time to get good and decently pissed…when he noticed Dwalin had reappeared and taken a place at the fire.
It was Ori. Sweet, friendly little Ori, smiling at him and offering him a bowl of stew with a sizable chunk of bread with it.
Mycroft blinked. “I’m sorry, ‘Frrrr Nrrr’??”
Sherlock handed the other glass to John. “Says the other big, drunken baby.”
He tipped his chin down and craned his neck to try and see Sherlock’s face, but there was no way to see through the mass of curls that had grown unruly with the lack of salons open (not to mention that he and Mycroft didn’t have the heart to cut it themselves; it just framed his little face so sweetly!). “You awake, Muff’n’stuff?” he asked, and gently brushed a handful of those curls back from a slightly damp forehead.
So why–” Clint grunted as Natasha pushed him over and climbed on top of him, straddling his lap; “–why did Mama decide to lend me her little girl for the night, huh?” he asked, spanning her waist with his hands. “Not that I’m complaining."
Thorin laughed heartily as he took the new cloths and unfolded them. “Seems we’ve rubbed off on you already! Raise y’er little arse then!“
“N-noooooo,” was the sad, hiccupped reply.
“And there’s your quote for 2020, straight from one of our upstanding medical personnel.”
Custom made with his baby brother in mind, it was a dress that any little girl would love to have in her wardrobe: made of a pale, baby pink velvet with a sash around the middle, with soft (faux) fur lining the cuffs, and the skirt…oh, the skirt! That was John’s favorite part, with the layers of matching pink tulle and the pearl-inlaid snowflakes that encircled the bottom hem.
“I smell like roses. Bring me the nappy bag, please.”
And, when things took their natural course and Gregory was eventually let inside their small, secret, oft misunderstood dynamic, Mycroft was hardly surprised when he took to the role like a fish takes to water (if you’ll pardon the overused expression).
"Pairing for day 18 please: lil Tony Stark and Daddy Doctor Strange!"
that!” Mycroft stammered, covering his face with both hands as he caught his breath. “It’s revolting.”
“Spoilsport,” Ron snorted. He then picked up the modestly-sized basket of bath toys, both magical and non, and held it up for Harry to see. “One more, little man…player’s choice!”
“Right here,” John said, and slugged the rest of her glass down much in the way Greg had earlier.
“O’gay,” Jawn mumbled, his mouth already full of the chocolate that Sherlock had just traded him.
Bilbo opened his eyes and cautiously peered up.
“Oh, so this was Mama’s idea, huh?”
“Good job, baby! C’mon, let’s get back in your booster seat and get this show on the road…next stop, Nuggies!”
a second. “Nooo, you can’t! Not tonight!”
The swat that Greg aimed at him just as they reached the top of the stairs only managed to whap against a flap of empty coat as Sherlock chuckled to himself and hopped over the last two steps to the landing. “Not today, Satan!”
Sherlock wasn’t sure if John was teasing him or not. John-before-the-Fall would have been teasing him, but this John-after-the-Fall was different, and sometimes Sherlock couldn’t tell when John was teasing or being serious.   This was one of those times. So instead of walking off in a huff to his room, he sat back in his chair and fidgeted.
The Fall: when had it gained a capital? Life used to consist of before-John and after-John, but since Sherlock came back to London and John had rejected him so vociferously—Mary snickered—it was now life before-the-Fall and life after-the-Fall.
John opened his eyes and found the Yarders staring at them, and John couldn’t remember anything beyond the feel of Sherlock’s body so close to his own, so he murmured assent and they left. As they walked back to the flat, John grabbed Sherlock’s hand, entwining their fingers. Sherlock hummed and squeezed.
Sherlock paused, wineglass tilted against his lips.
“I said I was sorry about that,” she said as she sipped an imaginary beer.
“I wouldn’t with her,” Sherlock blurted out before he could stop himself.
The pub was comfortably warm, so John shook his head. “It’s nothing.”
“You’re rambling,” Mary said, pointing at him. He shot her a thunderous look. “Hey, I’m not really here: I’m in your head so I can hear everything you’re thinking. And the point you were trying to get to is you lied: you have more than one friend now.”
John moved off to the restrooms and the woman followed soon after.
Sherlock waved the words away. “Of course he knows I love him. What’s this about a phone number?”
“Come here often?” a voice on his left said. It was a small woman, wearing a blouse and skirt (work clothes), tipping forward a little in her high heels as she looked at John with dilated pupils. No wedding ring, the top buttons open to expose her cleavage (nice), her hand brushing her neck so his eyes would be drawn to the lovely image (John was a visual creature). His gaze flickered to her face: her lips were parted and her tongue darted out, wetting her bottom lip. John squirmed, feeling exposed despite not having said anything.
“If you liked it then why are we having this conversation?”
Anderson nodded and as Sherlock turned away again he heard the man let out an explosive exhale and then start riffling through the papers.
When he emerged a moment later he found Anderson waiting outside the door. Sherlock froze. The scruffy man’s eyes were watering and he appeared to be vibrating on the spot; Sherlock hoped he wasn’t going to explode: that would be unpleasant. Instead, Anderson’s faced cracked into a huge smile and he whispered, “Thank you.”
The woman took this moment to place her hand on his arm and he looks down at her fingers lightly wrapped around his bicep. “Would you like to go somewhere more private?” she says, squeezing his muscle and gasping a little at the contact.
Lestrade came out of the pub a moment later with Sherlock’s great coat and clapped a hand on both Sherlock and John’s shoulders. “Never gonna live that one down, boys,” he said, smiling.
“He knew better,” Mary said, “thus, the guilt.”
After the Fall and the subsequent vindication, all of Sherlock’s old colleagues kept a wary but respectful distance from the genius, and all the new colleagues developed a bit of hero worship: the Great Sherlock Holmes, deigning to converse with them, as if he were just a mere human. It was a sharp contrast to the early days when all Sherlock was met with was distain and mockery. Sherlock before had been an android; Sherlock after was mostly human.
“How do we fix this?”
Sherlock’s eyes widened. “What?”
Sherlock sipped whatever John had placed in front of him (wine: a bit not good) as Mary’s ghost took the stool recently vacated by John: she leaned back, her elbows bent on the counter, and watched her widower as he flittered from group to group, laughing and listening and generally socializing, something neither she nor Sherlock were one hundred percent comfortable doing. Sherlock could do it, but it would be an act, and later he’d be too exhausted to do anything else for several hours. He suspected Mary had been better than he when it came to socialization, but she was trained as an assassin so it was probably an important skill set she’d needed to learn…and she’d been a nurse as her last profession. Sherlock could put on the disguises and blend in, but Mary, she could live her disguise for however long she needed, as evidenced by getting shot by her not too long ago.
About an hour later, Anderson came back into the bar and cautiously approached Sherlock. He raised his hands, and said, “I just came back for my papers.”
Mary punched him lightly on his upper arm, and for a moment, Sherlock could feel it in his gut. This conversation was occurring in his head and Mind Palace Mary had just claimed she’d loved him, Sherlock, the man who would have snatched up John in a second if John had shown any inclination towards loving Sherlock in the same way Sherlock loved John, and damn all the consequences.
“I notice everything, Greg, I’ve just gotten better at recognizing what I’m observing.”
“Eurus.”
Lestrade took it and put it in his own pocket, grinning still. “Couldn’t hurt to try; bout time I moved on.”
But John can smile enough for the both of them, so he continues to grin, happy in this moment.
Sherlock swept the words away. “No, still different; we weren’t together then.”
“He’s not a complete idiot,” Sherlock replied.
John smiles up at him and hooks his arm with Sherlock’s. “Pub after?” he says.
Sherlock grunted. It was his own damn fault for getting shot: he shouldn’t have let John’s regard stop him from doing what came naturally: deducing who this woman, Mary Morstan, was before John married her. But he had a blind spot when it came to John, something that could have cost John his life. In the end, marriage to Mary had only brought sorrow to John, but Sherlock wasn’t going to take the blame for that: John had chosen Mary despite knowing her past, had returned to her after the lies.
A faint shadow of a smile tweaked Jawns’ lips. “Time-ou’d?…” he croaked.
“Aye.” Dwalin took another mouthful and went to wash it down. “Started arguin’ with me again, so I smacked his uppity little arse.” He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. “Settled him right down.”
“Mmm, f’wog.”
Jawn laughed at that…his Daddy could be hilarious at the most unexpected times. He laid his head on Sherlock’s shoulder as he carried him towards their bedroom.  “I mean the calls…”
“Ummm...any’fin’ bu’d pe’bberonies. Swee’dhear’d.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes as he carried Jawn out of the room. “Well, yes...Gregory, of course,” he tutted; “but that’s hardly a fair competition to begin with.”
She had sat down on the couch with him that day, and smiled at the startled look on his face when he noticed who it was, even though as far as Steve knew
“MY’COFF?!?”
“No p'omi'shes.”
They were old and grafitti-covered, yes, but despite the crudely drawn dicks and slurs that made him roll his eyes and wish it was still socially-acceptable to take his belt to deserving little shits, the table was sturdy and free of both bird shit and splinters (which he discovered after brushing his hand over it). He took the changing pad out of the diaper bag and laid it out over the table; “Hop up, baby,” he said, patting it.
“You want…your floaty Opaleye?!”   Ron held up a toy version of the dragon, it’s pearlescent scales glimmering in the light.
“You did agree.”
Dick Grayson shook his head ‘no’ vigorously, making his bangs flop over in his eyes.
Plus...he’d get John back later. “You know Greg would never hurt your poor nose on purpose, lovebug. I think going to bed early with no pudding’s fair’nough, yeah?”
“Okay, okay okay okay, hold your pampers on!” John chuckled. “We’ll put this on and then we
good care of!), while Mrs. Weasley was busy and buzzing about with trays of various cookies and pastries and other sweeties.
Jawn stuck out his chest, made brave by the fact that he was biggerer than Sherlock tonight, cause Sherlock was the bay’bee, and Jawn had to be brave enough for both of’em; “Didn’ sca’we me,” he said...then jumped almost clean out of his shorts when screaming and crashing blared from the sitting room as the electricity kicked back on and started their movie up from where it had left off.
“Daddy’s gonna take care of you.”
Steve stood in front of the back door where Bucky and Nat had left, hugging his blanket to his chest and staring as if he were waiting for them to come back and tell him they were being silly, that they needed him, him
The third (and he *knew* this one would be bad, Mycroft always made the last swat the worst!) and final swat had him crying out and jumping up again, and this time Mycroft allowed it. Greg immediately reached back and rubbed his arse furiously, trying in vain to ease the terrible burn.
“Mm-hmm, ‘ta-da’ indeed,” Sherlock said, pushing himself out of the rocking chair and going to pick her up. “Using a tool like that, like a cartoon character,” he snorted as he sat her on his hip, and kissed her cheek.
Sherlock sat up and reached for Mycroft, and John gladly passed him over to the elder Holmes. “Here, take ‘im,” John said as Sherlock settled quite nicely on Mycrofts’ hip. “I’m gonna bring the nappy bag in here, then I have to get back to the calls.” He started to leave, but paused and turned back; “And then I’m gonna come back and thump Greg. On the nose,” he said, grinning as he gave Sherlock a tiny peck of a kiss on his nose, making him smile. “
Jawns’ face brightened in an instant, with a smile on match. He happily toddled off to the bathroom, tickled pink at the idea that he would get to dump the entire basket of toys straight into the tub and play to his heart’s content.
He would have expected Sherlock, who
“That’s victim-blaming.”
Sherlock mulled this over, and chewed on his fingers until Mycroft gently moved his hand away from his mouth. He tilted his head back and blinked up at his brother. “Hmm?”
“Aw, I can’t? Wait, what about this super tasty little bite right here?” Stephen pinched up a little piece of flesh and lowered his face to take a ‘bite’…and in one fluid motion, (and blocked from Tony’s view by the top of his head), he poked the needle in and depressed the plunger.
“Oh my God,” John laughed, and looked up at Sherlock; “it’s like she’s
And it’s not as if he couldn’t use a break, himself. “One,” Bruce counted out loud, and then booked it out of the room.
” Mycroft scolded.
“We’ve gotta change your diaper, baby. C'mon, in and out real fast; Daddy won’t let you touch anything gross.”
She really got the back of her nappy dusted for that one.
Severus was genuinely touched…he could not make the trip with his little one this time, for…reasons, but in between all the hussle and bussle of the holiday, they’d still had time to think of him. “This is the fudge that you helped make, isn’t it?” he asked, beaming.
Greg nudged Mycroft’s shoulder; “I’m not sure we should be handing sparklers to a bunch of drunk babies,” he said, and Mycroft hummed in agreement.
Gregs’ heart sank as Sherlock covered his nose with his hands, closed his eyes, took a deep, shaky breath, and
John looks away, gaze fixed on the far wall. “Angel’s are Mythos, just like Guardians or Sprites, or any other sort of magical creature. And Mythos can’t cast most human magic.” He’s not sure why, because with his wings it is damn obvious, but he doesn’t like reminding Mycroft how very different he is.
Mycroft and John run into some interesting characters on their hunt for the Guardian of New York.
An older Sherlock -around ten years older- is sitting next to him, sharing the grin. “Really?”
“No,” John bites out, trying to control his own anger. “Sherlock didn’t give me that one because your dog took him, and I’m guessing, Jim, that he isn’t following your orders.”
“It was worth it.”
“Yeah in his third eye that will boil us in our bones if it is completely uncovered. That’s not much of a weak point,” John snaps.
“Want to dive?” he can’t help but ask, pulling away from the kiss.
“Dammit Mycroft,” John curses, crushing the wool in his hands. He thinks of their conversation in Hong Kong. Mycroft had listened, and he had actually bought John a thoughtful Christmas gift. He had no idea when the mage could have possibly managed to find such a thing, but John can’t bring himself to destroy it. Still, he places the jumper in his dresser, before burying it under the rest of his stuff.
When the final drop falls, the muddy solution sparks, flaring with green light and developing an oil slick sheen along the top.  It makes his room smell like fresh cut roses.
Mycroft placed a folder at his elbow, and took a seat without saying anything.
“You can,” Moran agreed, taking a seat. He’s dressed in cargo pants and a pale blue jumper. He looked so different out of his suit that John realized Moran was much younger than he originally guessed.
Molly steps to her table, arms curled around her clipboard like a shield. “Preliminary results show she died of poison.”
It is early yet, but Mycroft has to move quickly, the temple doors closing at noon for ceremony. He heads straight for the main temple. Bilva leaves and tulasi mark the way, giving the spiced air a hint of sweetness.
“Don’t fret,” Lestrade pulls his phone from his pocket before giving Sherlock a wink. “It’s spelled for you not to notice.” He sends off a text to Donovan. “Come on, she’ll send me Eddie Van Coon’s address, we need to hurry.”
“I’ll be damned,” Lestrade grins, “You do have an off switch.”
To complete the impromptu decorating, John manages to hunt down the only english channel playing christmas cartoons. It is an indulgence Mycroft never participated in, even as a child, but he joins John on the couch and watches a red-nosed reindeer save Christmas.
He waited an hour, shaking with rage that his brother, the man that treated everyone like pawns on a world-sized chessboard, had formed a level 4 bond.
“There is a client upstairs, a young lady, poor thing, she’s been waiting for hours.”
His soldier was close to passing out, but he looked out at the field that almost killed him, reaching out for something that wasn’t there. Just before he was out of sight, Sherlock would swear he saw the man whisper is name.
Finally, Mycroft manages to drag him away. Their room is simple compared to the spectacle of the lobby; two queen beds and a small seating area. He manages not to flop himself on the bed in exhaustion by sheer will alone. John has no such compunction and throws himself onto the bed hard enough to bounce a few times. “What do we do now?” he asks, voice muffled.
The light expands, growing stronger until it encompasses his whole body, with a final scream his body folds inward sucked into the eye as Balor is inverted and banished with a puff of foul smoke.
(See the end of the chapter for
When I was younger I remember being told to write what I know, which I had always scoffed at because I like to write fiction, but I admit I do enjoy writing about soldiers now that I know more about them. There is a sort of language that develops between comrades that is like nothing else.
It’s about a week later that he sees him again, but this time he’s flat on his back while that bully Bruiser tries to smash his violin. John would have interfered no matter what, but he thinks he moved a little faster at seeing the look of abject loss that the boy tried to hide, certain his violin wouldn’t survive the encounter.
“Yes,” Sally snaps, “You’ve been too busy to notice.”
Inside the building smells more of dust and sand than the outside. John finds himself twitching his nose to fight off the urge to sneeze. He takes in the cracked tile floors and the scratched walls. There is no decoration, nothing but the essential is allowed in this building. It unnerves John, the emptiness of it, even the Compound had more life to it.
Sherlock is intrigued and not watching his words, which is the only excuse for the sheer idiocy of what he says next. “Gone. Probably to the pub, and then to the flat of one of the shopkeepers he’s been fornicating with, but that isn’t important. Who is this John?”
Sherlock flung open the door to the flat, strutting like a peacock. He knew John would love Baker Street, the eclectic furniture and older décor suited his tastes, and he knew soldier-doctor John would have little care about the body parts in the fridge or the eyeballs in the microwave.
“Transported? That’s a complicated spell. There’s no way that...that thing cast something like that.”
“Smooth,” Lestrade answers, narrowing his eyes.
The lights overhead flicker and Sherlock feels a surge of magic simmer across the room. He gasps, and the power is abruptly cut. “You did no such thing,” Lestrade steps forward, looming over Sherlock, and yet his presence is not threatening. “You helped with an investigation that I should have never let you in on. You are a boy, a child, and you should not have seen that.” Lestrade sighs, deep and weary, “You need to go back to the flat.”
Hamish glanced at the mutilated body on the ground, blood pooling. “Call me Sebastian, Sebastian Moran.”
Something  about the way the man says ‘Jim’ brings Sherlock’s attention to the man’s right arm. His sleeves have been shoved up to his elbows, showing row after row of acid green markings.
For some reason the first time I wrote Bill, I actually wrote Bill Murphy, instead of Murray, but I went back and changed it so he should be Murray throughout now. Also, I did actually say that he had a level 2 bond in one of the earlier chapters, I had to go back and look for myself, but it is in there. I wanted to bring him back, even it was for more of a cameo than anything.
“Free period, we have to leave in a bit,” Harry waves him off.
“Did you recognize the songs?” Mycroft requested, sometimes the most obscure things where the most important.
John tilted his head, looking at the detective in confusion. “Oh,” he murmured, placing the face long lost in his memories.
Lestrade gives him a look that isn’t exactly pity, but is perhaps a close cousin. “Come on then,” he sighs. Sherlock is tempted to make a run for it, but he doesn’t much fancy sleeping rough and it’s in his best interest to make ‘friends’ with the detective.
“Dead end?”
“Not another one,” Sally growls, stepping up to the body.
John shook his head, “No, I want to leave, but Helios can’t change.”
Sherlock’s power cuts like a switch. He turns to the voice. A young woman is standing in the entrance to the morgue. She’s wearing a doctor’s coat over scrubs, nitrile gloves tucked in her pockets.
“What is it?” Sherlock asked, his dislike for asking his brother questions outweighed by his curiosity.
She tilts her head back, her usual prayer for patience. “Yeah alright, but you’re writing the report. I’m not going to explain to the chief that you got help from some crazy, preteen summoner.”
John felt his heart skip a beat at the red sniper dots on their chests.
Mycroft sent Sally a sharp look, but did not comment, he had learned long ago that it was best to let Sherlock handle his own verbal battles - most of them anyways. “Another case solved.” Mycroft looked smug, as always, like he expected Sherlock would eventually cave to taking government work, foolishness.
“Oh, aren’t cha always,” Wiggin’s smiles, snatching up the note and secreting it somewhere in his filthy clothes.
“You have enough energy for ten people, I’m not adding caffeine on top of that.”
“Oh, you knew of her?” Jim sounded honestly surprised.
Lestrade gives him a look, “Okay the first two make sense, but he was in the water for a day, of course there is swelling. What makes you think he was on a flight?”
“You can’t go that way. I wasn’t kidding, the police are coming and Moran might be down, but Moriarty and the rest of his goons will be looking for you,” Sherlock is practically pleading with the boy, which is ridiculous, he doesn’t plead.
Hamish should say no, he should hand John his bags and leave. Instead he says, “Yeah, sounds great.”
Also I finally started back up at school so chapters will be more sporadic. The university decided research papers would a great addition to the curriculum.
“Sherlock,” John says, sitting up so he can give the full strength of his gaze to his mate.
“Get out,” Sherlock snarled, forcing his brother from the entrance and slamming the door shut.
“I’m sorry,” is the first thing Mycroft says, and it startles Sherlock enough he nearly drops the phone.
The second was Spanish, twenty-five, moving to London for job, single-mother, grandparent’s watching child until she gets settled. Bruising suggest she escaped at one point, one and half week captivity, and sexual assault.
“What?” Sherlock snarls. “That is unacceptable. We cannot replace one bond for another, that defeats the point.”
Sherlock huffs, clearly unimpressed. “Someone will have heard that,” he snarks, pushing the door open and marching in.
There’s a breath over the phone. “My fourteen year old brother,” Mycroft drawls, “is helping the London Magi with a case?”
Barrymore lets out a huff, “Twenty-four hours Mr. Holmes, not a second longer.” He marches away from them at quick-time, each step a punctuation of his irritation.
John jerked at the sharp grate of metal against metal, of the click of the bullet sliding into place. “Helios,” he wheezed. He was so scared, he couldn’t even move, his body just shook, heart pounding against his heaving chest.
James shrugs, but stays silent.
Henry looks horrified, but Sherlock doesn’t have time to deal with his questions. “Yes, now come with me.” He doesn’t wait for a response, instead he turns on his heel and marches out of the inn. As he expected, Henry follows after him in a moment. The man is a collection of nervous ticks, but has the sort of personality that is easy to order around.
Moriarty was half way to unbuttoning his shirt, when he came back to himself.
John turned to face a man in military dress. He had another soldier with him and a handful of pamphlets.
He pushes open the heavy door, it gives an angry screech and lets out the overpowering scent of smoke and stale booze. “Hiya John,” the barkeep greets, waving him over.
Greg follows him inside, barely noting a flash of white darting down the hall.
Stapleton looks at the mark, and though she holds herself with a scientist's detachment, Sherlock can see her worry. It’s broadcasted in the way she holds herself, the stiffening of her posture, and the minute tightening around her eyes.
She sighs again, rolling her eyes. “Okay, I admit, this is a weird one.”
“Who’s getting buggered raw? Can I watch?” Molly said, smiling brightly as she finally joined them in the kitchen, smoothing down her skirt as she returned from the bathroom. God, champagne always made her have to wee more than anything else!
Plus, he had found no way to unlatch the crib when
It was then that Jawn sat up and blinked his glassy, red-rimmed eyes at him. “Bu’h,” he croaked in a voice still thick with sleep and tears; “Bu’h, n-n’ah me?”
Tony giggled. “N’ah my y’eg!” he said, slurring around the drooly fabric in his mouth.
Sherlock blinked at him, and then grinned around his thumb. “Mmm...My’coff!”
They could work on the logistics later.
And that was how Sherlock and Greg found them; stretched out on the sofa, snuggled up under a cozy blanket with Jawn reclining against Mycroft’s chest, his dummy lazily fluttering in his mouth as his eyes danced back and forth across the screen.
“You were sleeping hard, baby…you just sprung a leak.” Steve sounded largely unbothered…after all, when you’re taking care of babies, pee is just part of the territory. Babies pee, and babies wear diapers, so diapers get wet and sometimes leak, circle of life, etc.
Mycroft looked up. Ah...it was the scene where the main antagonists’ friend-turned-vampire was smashing up a room full of relics. “Are you sure you don’t want to--”
Jawns’ breath hitched and shook as he swallowed back a sob. “N-no’d m-me?” he sniffed, watching Sherlock carefully cleaning his hands.
A low moan escaped from Sherlock’s lips; “I jus’ wan’ the ligh’ds back on!” he pleaded, the waver in his voice threatening tears.
“They’ll both want the Jack and Sally cups, dearest. It’s Halloween.”
Jawn shrugged again and, at Mycrofts’ insistence, finally took the bottle in and started to suckle. He reached up to hold it with both hands, covering Mycrofts’ with his own, making the elder Holmes smile.
“Of course.” Mycroft reached down and gave Greg’s bottom a playful squeeze, then chuckled when he squirmed. “Right, in the bed you get. And o want you thinking about how you’re going to apologise to the baby."
He rubbed his hands over his face, mostly out of habit, but also because he couldn’t take the looks he was getting anymore...especially from the baby. “...It
The crib was meant for adults, with the latches on the outside that were blocked from sneaky, reaching hands from the inside by strategically placed bars that made the space too narrow to squeeze through. They were also too tall for even Sherlock to climb out, if he ever wanted, so they were definitely too tall for Little Miss Muffet to climb her tuffet over.
“Ba’h,” Dick mumbled, laying his head on Bruce’s shoulder. He didn’t care. Da’da was here now.
Bucky’s eyes lit up at the sound of her voice, and he clapped excitedly; “B’yue!” he giggled, and then patted the plastic puppy on the head.  “I’ds B’yue! Hi!!!”
“Mmmm, no.”
Mycroft took a deep breath; he was being ridiculous. Gregory wouldn’t be half as stupid as this, trying to scare him and the babies.
Hermione sighed; “He’s going to say ‘yes’ to everything you say, Ron…just pick one more.”
Jawn brought his fingers back and, after letting his dummy fall from his mouth, began to suckle on them instead. Well, he knew where he was, now; in bed. But even so, it didn’t make him feel any better about it.
“Yup.  And you can get aaaaaall the nuggies you want!”
And turned back to the game, without missing a beat. Not even a blink.
Sherlock sat up and slowly turned to peer at Greg over his shoulder, his thumb in his mouth, and contemplated him for a moment.
Bilbo heard the other dwarves talking and laughing amongst themselves, then felt the heat of the fire at his back and sighed…he hadn’t realised just how cold he’d gotten out there in the dark, when all his focus had been on how much his bum hurt and how much Dwalin must have hated him, to strike him like that and then leave him out there, and all because he couldn’t keep his mouth shut, and…and…
And he should be especially grateful, if he took into account his time as a field medic in a
Thor crossed his arms, looking awfully moody since he’d been made to give up the baby. “And where are the  chewy things you said…?”
Bilbo went still, as this was something that he never, ever, in his entire life, imagined would be happening.
Sherlock turned his back to him and held his curls out of the way as John fastened the clasp, and let the necklace settle against his collarbone.
“Quit picking the girly ones!” Ron turned off the taps, now that the tub was full enough. “And it’s supposed to be his turn to pick, anyway!”
If someone were to ask what smelled worse, though…he didn’t know if he could choose between, say, a week old corpse, and this.
the candy becomes mine and your brothers’,” Greg reminded them.
the fail safe! But how did she–?!
“He went to take a shower, sweetheart...remember? That’s why I need to go check.” Mycroft tried to stand, and found himself anchored, both at the arm and the ankle. He sighed; “Come on, both of you. I’m not leaving your by yourselves,” he said, giving Jawn a reassuring tug. “Come with me.”
“...Just open the goddamn door, Sherlock.”
-”I’d!”-
“No hard feelin’s, burglar?” Dwalin asked, giving the hobbit’s waist a squeeze and a fond smile…which was quite shocking to Bilbo, as he didn’t think he’d ever seen this particular dwarf smile before. He shook his head ‘no’, and then Dwalin returned to his conversation with Bifur…which was mostly a series of grunts and other gruff noises.
Bucky took a step towards the bathroom because maybe,
“Shush, that’s enough...even if it
“He can wait,” Sherlock sneered, waving his hand. “It’s Christmas for another fifteen hours.”
it to be playful.
Greg looked back down at his hands while he took a moment to think to himself; it felt…easy? Too easy? Don’t get him wrong, a telling off from Mycroft could be blistering and leave one in tears all on it’s own because the man knew exactly what buttons to push, but a nap sounded downright pleasant, and that didn’t feel…enough?
“Y-yeah,” Greg repeated, wiping away the tears rolling down his cheeks.. His face was red, and he was wheezy from laughing, and maybe a little hoarse from trying to get the right amount of mucusy-maliciouness in his snarls. “L-look, baby,” he stammered, and held up the rubber werewolf mask. “It’s j-just, it’s j-just a m-mask!”
! You know that the legs are the best part…can Daddy have a bite, huh?” Stephen teased with little pinches along Tony’s thigh…not enough to hurt, but to serve as a distraction. “Can I have this piece? Or this piece?? Can I have a nibble here?!”
“I believe Tony mentioned something about ‘building bears’ when he heard you’d be stuck with me.”
It was quiet again. Mostly, at least, save for the soft thumping of Bruce’s hand against Dick’s diaper and the quiet ‘nuk-nuk-nuk’ of his suckling.
"I need Dick Grayson asking for Dada to feed him and being bottle fed by Bruce wayne to make my soul whole ❤️"
Sherlock sighed. So much for this robe, he thought. Oh, well…it’s not as if he hadn’t been covered in much, much worse substances than this, especially at the morgue.
Greg turned back, newly-warmed baby bottle in hand. “You’re lucky that you’re cute,” he said, giving the bottle a good shake to make sure to disperse any hot spots. “You still want this, Mister Moo-croft?”
“That doesn’t even start with a ‘G’,” Greg grumbled, and was quickly shushed as the detective put his ear to the door, listening.
Johns’ face softened almost instantly, and he reached down and lifted Sherlock into his arms with a short huff. “Poor baby,” he murmured as Sherlock curled around him like a Koala cub and cried into his shoulder. “What happened?”
, no...sh-sh-shhh,” Mycroft shushed him, and pulled him close for a half hug. “It’s alright; there’s nothing--”
He could wait.
mad. Just not the kind of mad that Jawn was thinking.
It was perfect.
“Ye-es, time-out for Daddy.” Sherlock made quick work of the backs of Jawns’ thighs and gathered all of the soiled wipes up, along with the nappy, and tossed the whole mess into the nappy bin. He the stood and stripped off his robe, as well as the rest of Jawns’ clothes, and nudged the little one towards the bathroom. “Go on, go pick out some toys.”
“Hardy-har-har. The bag, please.”
“...Gregory.”
God, deliver him. John sighed and slumped back in his chair. He needed to get this kid to take a dummy, he thought as he rubbed his hand over his face. Like, right now. After all this screaming, maybe he could get him to take a bottle.  “Do you want your–”
‘Patient’ was not a word that came to anyone’s mind when considering the God of Mischief and Chaos…at least, not to those who did not have the privilege of knowing him well. Those that did, those special few that caught his attention, those he deemed special…they knew differently.
“Speak for yourself!”
With a now-warm bottle in one hand and a cozy, not-crying tot in the other, Mycroft made his way into the sitting room and plunked down in his brothers’ chair (not that it was the most practical choice regarding seats, but knowing Sherlock’s habits made him think that this is what a tiny Jawn would be most accustomed to). After a bit of shifting both of themselves around, they finally made themselves comfortable with Jawn curled up in Mycrofts’ lap, leaning back against his chest.
Sherlock snorted, then flung himself back into his pillow with a satisfyingly loud
...But not just from the light.
“Of course she did, she’s brilliant that way.” Severus sat Harry’s bum on top of the dresser next to the bag, so he could have a free hand. “And a jumper from Molly…did you tell her ‘thank you’?”
“Oi! Not nice!” Greg scolded, but was interrupted by the microwave beeping at him before he could
Sherlock huffed, but went to retrieve the very fancy Burberry bag that Mycroft had insisted upon having, “if he was going to be wrist deep in wee all day” all the same. “I’m b’ery funn’ee,” he said, dragging it over by the strap.
“Go on,” Steve encouraged as he kept recording, not wanting to miss a moment.
"Christmas outfit: Harry in a reindeer onesie or hoodie, with Professor Snape taking care of him :) "
Mycroft took a slow, deep breath through his nose...and then stood up and made to hand the baby over to Greg. “I’m going to ‘victim-blame’ your smart arse right out of your pants if you don’t get
more thing…
Mycroft eyed Greg suspiciously.
“Don’ want to–” Bilbo started to complain, and then squawked when he felt himself being lifted and dragged over. “Thorin, no!” he fussed. “It hurts too much…!”
“Babbity Rabbity…?”
God, but she was cute. Sherlock knelt down to retrieve the nappy supplies from their place under the bed. “And a nappy? Does she need a nappy, too?”
Steve hitched the strap of the diaper bag high on his shoulder and took Bucky’s hand. “Let’s try over there, big boy,” he said, and led him over to the nearest table.
tents.
Now that he had Mycroft’s attention, Sherlocks’ demeanor changed; he batted his long, faux-lashes and pouted his pink-tinted, glossy lips.  “C’n, um, c’n me an’ Jawn–”
Oh, and here was Stee'b! And Mr. Salt and Mrs. Pepper, but they don’t even have babies yet! And Stee'b is trying to find out what Blue needs with bubbles and soap and–!
A positively radiant grin spread across Harry’s face. “Ye’sh, pea’ssssse!” He scrambled to get out of Ron’s lap and maybe sort of accidentally gave him an elbow in the gut for all of his grumbling.
, technically speaking, but she hadn’t.
“Ye-es, I can see that!” Mycroft wiped away a thin dribble of milk from the corner of the babys’ mouth with his thumb without so much as a second though. “There are monkeys in this one...tiny little monklings, just like you!” he said, and tapped Jawn on the nose. “Look, see...they’re trapped, and you have to collect all of the orange pieces to set them free, so move that one there...yes, that’s it, very good!...”
“I was thinking we could add in 'raw’ and 'unlubed arsehole’ in there somewhere.”
stin’g!”
A low, threatening snarl came from the opposite corner of the kitchen, and the rest of his words died on Mycroft’s lips.
Of course, keeping in mind the fact that she wasn’t a literal baby accounted for a lot of it. She would just unbuckle herself from the highchair, or unlatch the playpen, and then count on being adorable to keep from getting into too much trouble. Which worked, for the most part…save for the time Mycroft caught her picking some not-to-be-picked flowers in his garden when she was meant to be behind the baby gate.
The tiny doctor, who had been sitting with his eyes closed, hands curled around his bottle (and had been trying to tap out a message in morse code to Mycroft with his fingers, the way he did with Daddy when either of them felt too small to talk, and was getting a bit sad when Mycroft didn’t tap back), sat up and reached for the phone in Mycrofts’ hand, his eyes wide open and gleaming.
“Poor thing,” Mycroft cooed, and kissed Jawns’ warm, damp cheek. “I think a nice bottle is in order after all of that, don’t you agree?”
John, however, refused to react in the way he knew Sherlock was most likely after. “…Why you over there all by yourself for, though?”
Greg swallowed thickly from a mouth that was suddenly much too dry for such things. He went to stand, sat back down instead and briskly rubbed his sweaty palms along his jeans, and stood up again.
Sherlock sighed and fell back…or almost fell back, as Greg had him firmly held in place, straddling his lap. “I'sh nah g'unna hur’d if you be sh'till aw'ready!”
And it worked, for the most part–Nat only kicked him the one time (in the meaty part of his thigh, thankfully), Clint only cried for ten minutes (with a lot of petting and hugs), Scott had only gotten misty-eyed, Bruce had slept in Thor’s lap, and both Steve and Bucky had been too busy with covering every inch of Bucky’s arm in stickers to care much.
Thorin sighed. As much as Bilbo had likely earned exactly what he’d gotten, it was hard not to feel for the little one. He sat down next to the halfling, and patted his lap. “C’mere, tiny burglar.”
Greg chuckled; it
“…I p'omi'sh.”
“Do not use that tone with me, young man.”
, once Loki had his hands on him…was that surface ever easy to crack
Bucky gave him a smile, watery smile. “Y'ah,” he said. “Spi'yers bi'de.”
…And it was all. day. long. Everyday.
Greg’s shoulders slumped. “I’m s–”
“Oh, God,” Greg groaned; “What is it with that movie?? You and your brother both…”
“We’re gonna text Tony’s Daddy and see if he’ll do one of his portal things so we can borrows some diapers.”
Jawn shrugged his shoulders.
Hot, stinging tears welled in Steve’s eyes, turning his vision blurry until they spilled over down his cheeks. He took a deep, shaky breath and, letting his pacifier fall out of his mouth, began to wail.
Jawn tilted his head back and peered up at Mycroft, confused. “You sh’ure?”
“What, you like getting your feet wet?”
“-What did you expect me to say when you asked what he had in his mouth?!?” John exclaimed, gesturing to Sherlock. “Was I just supposed to let an opportunity like that go-?!”
He felt the hot flood he’d been holding back finally release, filling his pull-up from front to back in an instant and begin dribbling down his legs.
funny!”
Oh, yes, Sherlock had been right…she was
Greg looked up just in time to see Mycroft blow a kiss in his direction; “Happy Halloween, dearest,” he said, grinning like the cat that ate the canary before following the boys down the hallway to the master bedroom.
“Y'ah. Now lay down."
“A’cause why no’d?!?”
“Your presence is currently being requested upstairs, Master Bruce.”
Mycroft used the paddle to point to a spot on the floor in front of him, and Greg timidly shuffled over, his face already burning hot with shame and anticipation.
“Aw, baby,” Steve sighed as he walked over and pulled Bucky into a hug.“You tried to make it, huh?” he asked, kissing the top of his head.
Bruce stepped into the open doorway and signaled Alfred with a finger to his lips, and gestured that he should keep counting as he stood there and watched.
Steve snorted; “Yeah, yeah, the spiders always bite me,” he said playfully, and bent down to kiss Bucky’s belly just to make him squirm and hear that raspy giggle of his.
“Because,” Bilbo scowled towards the sky. “Contrary to what you walnuts believe, I’m not actually a
So many people calling in because the hospitals stay full, worried and scared and tired and stretched to their limits, because they were having chest pains or back pains or throat pains, belly pains, or they had a fever and they were terrified because they’d been
Bilbo finally turned to peer up at Thorin; “Don’t need to be taken care of,” he grumbled, still resting his cheek on his shoulder.
Thorin took his time making his way over the stream in the quickly fading evening light, cursing as he missed his footing and soaked his boots and pants all the way to the knees.
No, it was not fine, Thorin thought as he unwrapped the urine-soaked, makeshift nappy from around Bilbos’ waist. From his flask, he poured a small amount of cool water over the affected area and gently wiped it clean as best he could while the Hobbit squirmed and hid his face with his hands.
Harry scrunched his nose and shook his head. No, not that one…he’d heard that one waaaaay too many times over the past few days from Mr. and Mrs. Weasley. And Hermione. “Some’fin new, p’yea’sh?”
Hermione was suddenly pulled from her sentimental musings by one of Ron’s loud squawkings, and looked up just in time to see the little dragon sitting in Harry’s hand, blowing a stream of water directly into Ron’s face.
Bucky looked up, and gave a soft, awed gasp.
“Gregory…?”
“…But only
"For Day 23, more Bruce Wayne and Dick Grayson? :)"
Bucky only nodded, further smearing his nose all over Steve. “Dun’ be ma’h…”
“You’re wet, is that it?” Steve slowly rocked him from side to side and rubbed is back reassuringly. “That’s okay…it’s okay, baby doll, it happens. You were sleepin’ good, that’s all.”
“You’re soaked, baby girl,” he groaned, sliding his finger along her cleft until he reached her clit. “Tiny little baby, can’t keep her panties dry so Mama put her in diapers,” he said, flicking it and dragging the pad of his finger over it in an alternating pattern. “But you can’t keep those dry either, can you?”
Jawns’ eyes, which had closed during his happy-snuggles, popped open.
“By having Mycroft take care of it.” Sherlock carefully set Jawn down on their bed; “Arms up, sweetheart,” he told him as he knelt down to pull out the bin of nappy supplies from under the bed.
“Daaaaaaa’!” Tony screeched as he reached for him, nearly spilling out of his seat if both Stephen and Cloak hadn’t caught him.
Bucky hiccuped and gave Steve’s waist a squeeze. There was no urgent need to tell him that he waited a little longer than he should have.
“Tha’s
the breast. Any place. Any time. And she had no qualms about letting Mama know.
The time crept by far too fast, in Severus’s opinion, as they went through the rest of Harry’s new gifts from the Weasley’s and the rest of his friends.
Harry did as he was told with no fuss, being the happy sort of Little that he was, now that he knew he would be safe and cared for whenever he regressed. It had taken a long, long time–years, in fact–to work through the trauma from his actual childhood (or lack thereof), but it had been worth it. Was still worth it.
“You certainly did!”
Across from them, out of the corner of his eye, Thorin watched. And smiled.
“I c’n do i’d!” Jawn started to dart back into the sitting room, but Mycroft caught his elbow. “No,” Mycroft said firmly. “
Ah. “You din’ do it too hard, did y’ah?”
“Ah, but he said ‘not
"Putting in advanced requests probably is against the rules, but I think for day 16 a grumpy little Natasha and a big Clint could be fun."
asleep. A good eighty percent of the time, he was up and bursting with energy well before the sun was up.
“Would you like to help me make the fudge?” Molly offered him her hand; “You can be my little taste-tester!”
Greg grinned, and playfully (genuinely ‘playful’, this time!!!) whapped the back of Sherlocks’ nappy. “Go on,” he teased, holding his hand right under the babys’ nose, tempting him (and making him go cross-eyed); “Greg says it’s okay, muffin.”
"Ms. Sadie I am claiming day 30 for Thorin rocking Bilbo to sleep and giving him forehead kisses. Pretty please! Love, your most favoritest boy :)"
“--should we spank him, hm?”
Bruce winced. Ouch. “I know,” he said, rubbing his hand up and down his little boy’s back. “Daddy got busy. That’s his fault…bad Daddy,” he sighed.
“Bu’d, um, bu’d Mama,” Nat asked, crawling up behind Loki on the bed and draping herself over her shoulder; “Bu’d I y’am your pre’ddy prin’shess.”
Both Greg and Sherlock watched, dumbfounded at the sudden turn of events, as Mycroft marched upstairs and disappeared over the landing.
Harry watched Severus go about preparing his bottle without any further protest…one, because he knew it would be a fruitless effort, and two, he was of the same mindset as his Daddy (without even realizing it) and a warm bottle while bundled in Severus’s lap sound like a dream come true. He couldn’t ask for anything more.
The bag was sitting next to a
Bucky entered the room a step behind, throwing his jacket over what had to be Rambo-levels of heavy duty artillery. “You ready?” he asked Natasha.
Mycroft stopped at the doorway and held out his hand to Jawn; “Come along, monkey,” he said, waggling his fingers.
“It seems,” Mycroft drawled; “that Sherlock came up with a suitable punishment all on his own.”
Seems he wasn’t quite in the fire anymore, but he was back in the frying pan. Greg started to sigh--and then didn’t. Instead, he gave the back of Sherlocks’ nappy a pat and nudged him to stand up; “C’mon, muffin, let’s change your bum.”
many!!” Bucky clapped.
This kind of quiet, though…this was the type of quiet that Bruce didn’t mind. It was the good kind of quiet, and the only concern he had now was how in the hell he was going to get out from under his baby boy without waking him up.
In the middle of the shredded, post-Christmas hurricane mess, sat Molly and her brand-new, giant (okay, that might be a bit of an exaggeration, as four feet long is hardly ‘giant’…but not by much!) pink unicorn plushie.
careful, but…!
on the nose.”
Well, Sherlock was still sniffling into the crook of his brothers’ neck.
He sighed, and used his free hand to reach into his pocket for his mobile. Jawn was no longer crying, no longer wet, and now, no longer thirsty...so, why not take a moment to check his email while all of the little ones’ needs had been met.
“We’ll finish it tomorrow, sweetheart. Everyone’s had their fill of being ‘scared’.” Mycroft patted Sherlock’s bottom. “Up you get.”
Jawn’s fussing stopped just as quickly as it had started as soon as he heard the ‘similar-but-completely-new-wink-wink’ music playing along with the ever-familiar art style. The little character that Mycroft assumed to be a sasquatch popped up to welcome them back to the game, and Jawn smiled.
Greg loosed himself from Mycroft’s hug with a sigh and went to pull up his jeans, but…and by God, he doesn’t know what got into him!… he stopped short and wiggled his pants-covered arse at him. "Yes, sir!"
Well, that wiped the frown off Bucky’s face in a heartbeat. “We can?” he asked, his eyes wide and hopeful.
Greg fell right into them without a moment’s hesitation…God, he was just grateful that it was over!…and that it hadn’t been *five*. He shuddered at the thought.
Those moments were forever worth it.
Bars.
“Hel’b, Ar’fur! Hel’b!” Harry cried as he grasped at Arthur's trouser leg, much to the man's cackling delight.
Jawn, showing off an amazing sense of self-preservation, hopped just out of reach and trotted back up the stairs. “I bringed extra!” he whooped, and pattes at his bulging pockets victoriously.
, Greg’s sorry, muffin!” Greg rattled off as he watched the baby’s eyes begin to water. He pulled the lever on the chair to lower the footrest so he could sit up with Sherlock still bundled in his arms. God, please just don’t let him
stuff,” he said, and then slipped Sherlock’s dummy in his own mouth.
“Oh, oh
“Nooooooo!” Molly peeked out at him with one eye. “She ha’bs a tay’ull!”
Hermione watched with a faint smile as Ron took over and stripped Harry of his sodden nappy…the little pink bunny’s that were supposed to hop around the waist band when it was dry were no longer hopping, and only thumped their back feet grumpily. “Uh-oh,” Harry told Ron with a cheeky smile, and giggled when he looked down and saw them.
Sherlocks’ cheeks, ruddy as they were already, took on a fresh shade of pink as he frowned his little heart out at Greg. “You pun’ss me in’na fa’se!” he huffed as he crossed his bony arms over his swelled chest in all the indignation he could muster.
“No.”
And then, he spied the bundle in Thorin’s hand.
bed.”
“Pretty sure Daddy’s busy, love.” If the look on Mycroft’s face as he ascended the stairs was anything to go by, at least.
“Gumm’ee worm’sh,” Jawn mumbled, and held up a clear, plastic bag full of overpoweringly sweet, artificial fruit-smelling candy in front of Mycroft’s nose. “Wan’d sh’ome?”
Bruce rubbed his eyes gingerly, in an attempt to get rid of the gritty feeling. “Alfred,” he said, sounding tired even to his own ears.
Every time they would put Molly in something that was supposed to keep her in place…it wouldn’t. Be it the high chair, the playpen, the booster seat, the baby harness (that they’d gotten
Which was fine, because then he didn’t cry about being put down. Which was the biggest win of that afternoon...aside from the twenty-five levels that the littlest monkling had blazed through with a lot of triumphant babbling and pushing the screen in Mycroft’s face, just in case he’d missed all the excitement.
They knew 'Mama’.
Steve let the door of the bathroom swing shut, much to Bucky’s relief. He wasn’t really all that eager to go in there either, much less try to wrestle a baby who was already grumpy from the car ride.
Especially, Bilbo’s cloth nappies.
careful,” as he handed them out.
…Damn.
” Jawn wailed, and Sherlock once again caught his wrist before he could cover his face with his dirty hands.
…Tony.
The corner of Thorin’s mouth twitched as he imagined how well that had gone down. He could also sympathise, knowing the kind of damage Dwalin could dole out with those big, coarse paws of his. Thorin heaved himself up, and was proud that he only came close to losing his balance once. “Mean ole’ bastard,” he said, thumping Dwalin’s shoulder.
“I didn’t think you’d notice,” Lestrade said, surprised.
Sherlock’s eyes widened as a slight look of disgust on his features. “First?”
Lestrade refused to look Sherlock in the eyes now. “I know you love him. Especially after that bloody speech—”
Lestrade’s body froze and his head turned sharply toward Sherlock. “You told him that?”
“I fail to see what’s so funny, John,” he said, giving John a once over.
John’s eyebrows came together and any laughter in his eyes drained away. He placed his tea on the side table and leaned forward, placing his hand on Sherlock’s knee. Sherlock remembered a time not too long ago when they sat like this, inebriated with Post It Notes on their foreheads, and Sherlock had thought for a moment that John might return his feelings; but the moment had passed and they’d gotten into other troubles later that night.
“You’re making friends everywhere,” Mary said, nudging him with her elbow.
“Are you all right, John?”
“You didn’t kill me,” she said, turning her full attention on Sherlock. “Norbury killed me, had been trying to kill me for years. I couldn’t let her kill you. I loved you.”
Sherlock crossed his arms and refused to look at John’s face. “I know that.”
Sherlock sat up and looked John straight in the eyes. “Are we having a fight?”
John was almost asleep when Sherlock turned, his face to the sofa back and John’s belly, curling up around the bits of John he could reach. “Hey, we should head to bed,” he said, running his fingers along Sherlock’s neck.
“The one doesn’t have anything to do with the other until it gets serious.”
Lestrade froze again, this time wincing. “Probably shouldn’t have said anything about the phone number.”
Sherlock smiled and squeezed before helping John up, watching John stumble back to his own chair so he could massage the feeling back into his legs. In the meantime, since John was going to be sitting in his chair until all the blood rushed back to his legs, Sherlock decided to play, the music welling up from somewhere in his soul. He poured all his tension into the instrument, and as John smiled with his chin propped up on his left hand, Sherlock played his heart out on the strings.
“Objectively, it’s not,” John said while gesturing wildly. “But it still bothered me.”
Anderson stood looking at the frosty beer for a moment before clambering back onto his stool. He went to pick it up, then hesitated and pulled his hand back.
--but had he? Because Eurus was able to program people just by looking at them; look what she’s been able to achieve at Sherrinford. Eurus was a black hole, pulling everyone to her in her orbit and making them submit to her will. The point was Sherlock couldn’t run Mary off because things had progressed too far and he couldn’t hurt John again. So he had sublimated his affection for his former blogger, and made it work.
Sherlock turned his face into John’s belly. “I don’t understand.”
But now that the moment was here, Sherlock didn’t know how to proceed. He wanted to run, but he didn’t; his heart was beating so fast in his chest and he felt like he was going to fly apart again. This feeling almost compared to those times when he fell into a manic depression, unable to sleep or sit still, shooting walls out of boredom and pacing pacing pacing; the emotions running through his body wanted to fly out and destroy everything between him and his doctor, needed to smother John until he gave in, or killed him. John reached for his wrist and placed two fingers on his pulse, and gasped at the heartbeat beneath his fingers.
Now Sherlock was distressed, his hands fidgeting with his dress robe. “Of course I trust you; why wouldn’t I?”
Sherlock blinked.
They sat like that for a long while until Sherlock said, “Stop counting; I’m fine.”
Sherlock shrugged on his great coat and started striding towards Baker Street; after a moment he slowed and shortened his strides, accommodating John’s shorter gait, and they walk, John humming off-key and Sherlock’s mind racing. They were clambering up the stairs to the flat before Sherlock could give voice to his concerns.
John interlaced their fingers. “Yes, we are. I don’t know what’s wrong with me,” John admitted as Sherlock studied their clasped hands.
Once again John stiffened for a moment, but then he melted into the embrace, his arms wrapping around Sherlock’s neck and his head resting in the hollow between neck and shoulder. John nodded and murmured, “yes,” before placing a kiss on Sherlock’s neck, right above his pulse.
“No,” she said, her eyes roaming over Sherlock’s figure. “You don’t have friends.”
Having a confused Sherlock trailing your every step was like have a lost puppy following you home: John kept tripping over his own reaction. They didn’t speak when they left the pub, or on the way home, or even at home except to talk to Rosie before John hauled her off to bed. Then John lay in his bed and he couldn’t put off the internal discussion.
Everything coalesced into one single thought: Sherlock was jealous. His mind ran through all the other times Sherlock had crowded him in a pub and realized it was when someone made an attempt at something more than casual acquaintances. How Sherlock could read from his various positions that a conversation had turned more intimate was beyond John’s comprehension, especially because he was pretty sure none of the Yarders were interested in getting between them, because really: Sherlock may be mostly human now but he was still a drama queen, and an agitated Sherlock could reduce the nicest person to tears in a minute. Then again, a detective is a detective is a detective, so he wouldn’t bet against any of the officers using Sherlock’s jealousy to draw the gaunt man into a conversation just to wind him up.
