With nothing covering his prick any longer, John could see the man grabbing hold of the small pillow, holding it closer to his front as he resumed his humping. Three short gasps, followed by one mewl, and then another, told John all he needed to know about how long that would last.
“Again?” Right on cue, Greg’s voice came groggily through the same device projecting the unpleasant news onto the wall, John’s inspector clearly having also just been woken up.
John limped back to his washbasin, raised his razor and continued his shave. “Sit down,” he said. “I won’t be long.”
While annoyed that Mary did indeed think those things, Sherlock couldn’t help but be impressed. God, but John was smart. Once the veil had been lifted, he’d seen it all.
The first taste was not unlike the experience of being near John’s neckline and inhaling, except multiplied by approximately infinity. He didn’t want to waste a single drop, wanted to luxuriate in it—but his feeding had been so long constrained to bags and straws. He was messy, sloppy, and too focussed on sensation to care.
He poured a small amount of oil into his palm, and took himself in hand as he usually did. The rhythm he kept was slow to start, gradually increasing. It felt infinitely better with the oil, making his palm slick and hot.
That first morning, he had taken to wandering around the house. He’d wanted to achieve the air of belonging, but was largely uncomfortable with so many people lurking about. There was a feast laid out for breakfast that he had no interest in eating. He’d tried to return to their room for his violin, only to find two servants sweeping and cleaning, shocked by his reappearance.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, entirely pleased with himself. “No one ever pays old people any mind, and no one will wonder why you’re not fighting for your country.”
“Of course dear, we’ll have a lovely time,” Mrs Hudson replied. “And you and your man need the alone time - I understand,” she said in a loud whisper, patting his cheek to his absolute mortification, while John cleared his throat loudly in discomfort.
“You don’t understand,” he said. “I’m not the sort of man people marry.” Well, he wasn’t. So really, what game was John playing at?
“Dr Davenshaw, even working as a vet only part-time, this house is somewhat below your income bracket, a one floor house that’s clearly been renovated more than once, I would say exactly three times, with the cost likely outweighing the benefit. It’s not near where you work, so one must assume sentiment. Emotionally attached to the house itself?” he asks as he abruptly turns, startling Dr Davenshaw.
“Mmm, well for starters I’d get down on my knees in front of you, you’d like to see that hmm? And then I’m gonna suck you down big boy, get you nice and wet, all the way, till I’m gagging on it—”
That comment John could have forgiven. It was his friend later accusing him of having a crush on Sherlock Holmes that truly spelled the end of their friendship.
“That’s all right,” John said, when he reached for the edge of John’s nightshirt. John took his hand, and kissed it, returning it to him.
“Doctor Murray,” Sherlock greeted crisply, “our servant Lestrade rang ahead to warn you of our arrival?”
> For head rubs? You can rub my head any which way, I don’t think I’d mind. Especially when it’s still cut short.
And while John hadn’t said any of that, now that Sherlock had mentioned it, he thought it a good point. “Good people have lost their lives, are losing their lives as we speak, and you could help. That’s it. That’s all I was thinking.”
However, now wasn’t the time to become distracted. “Has it caused you any pain recently? Any changes?” Sherlock asked, waiting for the boiled water to cool. John shook his head, while Sherlock reached into the bowl for the scalpel.
“Maybe if we added some sparkle to it?” John suggested, now viewing the task as more of a children’s craft. “I think I saw something glittering in one of Sherlock’s bottles upstairs by the bathtub.”
The room darkened as they returned to the misty moors near Market Chipping and, once Sherlock was finished practicing, they both followed Mrs Hudson out the castle door.
“Well,” Lestrade interrupted, “I can write a letter to the doctor’s address and ask him if he remembers this appointment from last year, on behalf of Mr Watson.”
Gladstone was still growling, but began to retreat back into the room, looking toward him behind the door as if seeking protection. Gladstone’s alarm only grew as the man progressed into the room.
Can we remove the pretence? Sherlock’s face is still tied up tighter than a knot. It’s us. You’re talking about us.
John exhaled, his face still contorted with misery. Sherlock kissed the corner of John’s eye, to smooth the wrinkles there.
His displeasure at the comment must have shown on his face, as John made to move towards him, but hesitated. “Well,” John said. “I’ll see you later?”
“Sherlock?” John was getting impatient. He just wanted to get out of this room, which they were stuck in because Sherlock’s plan had fallen to pieces, and now John was doing the only thing that would allow them to get out. That’s what this about. Not how his lips might feel when pressed against the sensitive skin of John’s inner wrist.
Sherlock’s hand paused in its movements, as his head swiveled to level John with a cold look. “Does that disappoint you? Oh, of course it does, how predictable. Because you see yourself as a soldier, Queen and country, me not falling into line is—”
He looked up to see John watching his reflection in the looking-glass, and then John turned away and went over to the window, whistling quietly, and rocking backwards and forwards on his heels.
To say Sherlock is entirely thrown by this man would be an understatement, but then he had expected him to be extraordinary. He tentatively tests the waters. “I understand that what I just said could be considered by most, well, a bit not good.”
Maybe because it was all so unreal. Or, maybe because it was real—the situation too similar to two friends having a chat in front of the fire, leaning in, as if they’d known each other their whole lives. In the end, there was simply a limit to a stiff upper lip.
“Someone who wanted Mary out of the picture, the well connected partner in your duo,” Sherlock murmured, and Moriarty he noticed bristled, just slightly. “Linked to your animosity and interest in me from the outset - a strange coincidence even I will admit, though perhaps there is no such thing.”
Sherlock saw the multiple paths this conversation could take winding out ahead of him. At one end was not allowing John entrance to his thoughts and plans, another was John leaving him in distaste, and another—Watson kicking Moriarty off the falls, and
Sherlock leaned forward, resting his head on the once injured shoulder. He felt glad for it, despite knowing it was wrong of him. If Mary had never shot John, he and John would have never met. John would still be married to someone else, unable to divorce. Was it wrong to covet something that had given John pain, if in its own way, it had inadvertently brought him joy? It couldn’t have been coincidence. The universe was rarely so lazy.
“Don’t you?” Moriarty drawled. Sherlock resolutely remained facing his desk. The room was silent for a long moment.
“John, you have to know that—” Sherlock swallowed. “If I have left you out, misguided as it is, I only ever did what I thought was best for you. Everything I do is for you.”
“And that’s what you want?” John asked, the volume of his voice dropping, throat closing around the words.
“Brilliant suggestion Jim, have Watson’s husband try it out, as if he isn’t in on it too!” David interjected, but the Colonel was already holding the diary out to Sherlock saying, “By all means, tell us what you make of it.”
As John bobbed his head, Sherlock’s hips started to shift in tiny circles, clearly wanting to thrust up into his mouth, but still restraining himself. With the desire to make that control fall to pieces, John reached lower to cup his balls, rolling them gently, and Sherlock at last moaned, loud and long.
Perhaps one that shared striking similarities to the Regency era-inspired case he had dreamt up. Yes, that would explain his wild imaginings. Of course.
“Yes John,” Sherlock began, their patronizing tone returning from wherever it had gone, “you’ve made me watch enough ‘6D’ Bond films for me to catch on to that particular nuance of your culture.”
“Bored?” John repeated absent mindedly, eyes once again sliding to the left as he watched the end of a blue tail pass the bridge door’s circular window. “Oh, I’m never bored.”
As he was descending the stairs to the main hall, he just so happened to come upon the very lady herself, alone and at the base of the stairs. Lady Norton, nee Adler, resplendent in white with her dark hair folded artfully into an updo, and whom he had heard far too much about to not be suspicious of her already having shucked her companions.
“John, I don’t understand,” he said weakly. Sherlock didn’t understand because it didn’t make sense. He had misheard him. He had misheard John, and this was a
Then there was the roaming castle out on the moors, which had at first been mistaken as belonging to the Witch. It had since been determined that the owner of the ghastly mobile home was none other than a wizard by the name of Holmes, who was viewed by many to be far worse than the Witch.
John’s head quirked to the side, and his lips pursed into a bemused smile. “You can’t? Is this some kind rule we haven’t covered?”
“Watson, you’re a real card. In any event, I’m of course faithful to Monte –“ Wilkes proceeded to launch into a tirade about his constitution and the English winter, asking Watson if his rooms were large enough, if his valet was good enough, and other such asinine things. Watson continued to appear uncomfortable with questions that made any reference to his wealth. This was... intriguing. Watson was the epitome of fortune and class, but was traveling without help or company - a straightforward man of simple needs and creature comforts. Watson also continued to observe him from the corner of his eye throughout the rest of the conversation. He refused to look up and return the gaze, wanting to avoid any further loss of face.
And so began another joy ride. They deviated in direction each day, which had allowed him to cultivate a thorough mapping in his mind of Monte Carlo and its streets. He felt this information could come in handy, assuming he ever needed to solve an actual crime in Monte.
“Not wide open,” he answered, “Though it was an odd place. Deserted, dusty. All those things entirely spoilt now. Rats have eaten most of it.”
, Sherlock,” Moriarty groaned, like a child embarrassed by their parent. “I left the shoes out for you. Carl Powers?
The man hadn’t made any sounds before, not even hums or scoffs. John found himself eager to hear what else could be drawn out of him.
Christ. John laughs, helpless to Sherlock when he’s like this. It isn’t a specific teapot. Or, all right, fine. It’s a brown betty.
As John grew older, his imaginary Sherlock Holmes aged along with him, and the difference between their respective ages remained the same. John grew to feel protective of this younger Sherlock, despite the actual Sherlock being many years his senior.
John hurries to catch up. On entering the bedroom, he moves past a desk and the end of the bed to see out the window. Sherlock stands further back, likely so there aren’t so many faces peering out.
While John’s eyes lit up at the mention of protection, the topic was once again forgotten in favour of more pressing concerns, such as what curry John ought to order for dinner.
He himself stood outside the door, listening for a moment to the voices within. It sounded like a room full of people, though it couldn’t have been more than John and two others.
For the second time that night, John was separated from Sherlock Holmes by a pane of glass. He was in the wrong building, and they must have arrived almost moments before him, as they were still sitting at the classroom desk, talking.
Sherlock felt drowsy again. Too languid to return John’s kisses, Sherlock relaxed back into the pillow. John laughed, beneath his breath.
As Sherlock was currently curled up in John’s armchair, reading with their forearms while chattering away about how asinine the book was (beyond its use of interesting words), John thought he might at least know the answer to the last question.
John rocked forward onto tiptoes to kiss the top of his forehead. The kiss lasted for a beat, before John was kissing his left cheek and leaning his face against his. “I’m going to make it up to you, I promise. Bungling the proposal. Let me know what you want, and I’ll do it.”
“Unimpressed,” Sherlock repeated, lips twitching, seemingly amused by the understatement. “And I know now that you are not a bot. I simply had never seen a suit like the one you had on before, and I had never been close enough to tell if you were human, or—”
They traveled past the lawn, with their earlier tension lifted as they climbed the grass bank above it. Ahead, they had only dark forest to look forward to. The rain had started as predicted, and as they trampled through dampened branches and leaves, he was on alert for any moment John might need an arm to lean on.
“I’ve been looking forward to introducing you to Gladstone,” John said, while rubbing the dog’s ears. “Do you like dogs, at all?” John asked. He almost sounded nervous.
Wow so, this was a much longer and larger undertaking than I had ever intended -- thanks so much for everyone who stuck around through the WIP time period, and a million thanks as always to Soli Solitary_Endeavor for betaing all >100k words of this thing! I wouldn't have been able to do it without you <3 And thanks also to Anna nondeducible, for always being my fact checker <3
Sherlock, sitting in his leather armchair across, did look up at that. “Well, she got her revenge, didn’t she?” A moment later, under his breath and horribly mumbled, Sherlock added, “But not that other thing though.”
“The advantage of being the hosts,” he’d repeat, parrotting John’s words. If he said them enough, perhaps he would even convince himself.
John paused in his work to squint up at Sherlock from the charging bay’s floor. “Who said anything about not liking them?”
Except, that came to a halt when John reached around the outer corner of the tub only to find it empty. Sherlock’s head swiveled to the sink where John’s bottle of shower gel sat, having never made it to the shower.
John looked at it from his currently bent over position, before he giggled, and returned the gesture. They shook on it.
Since the great success of their first shared bath time, John had made repeat appearances, though not in the tub itself. Sherlock bathed while John sat on a stool behind him, washing his hair with gentle fingers. It was their bolthole. They could both finally relax for the first time in days.
The builder explained everything, exactly as John had originally disclosed it to Sherlock. The three holes, their positions, that the ballast had been left lying loose, and that both seacocks had been turned on. And with all that done, the boat would have sunk quite easily, very easily in fact. The atmosphere in the room was palpably tense.
“Any other family? Perhaps the people who gave you that lovely and unusual name," Watson suggested. Watson was of course teasing him, but it seemed to be the pleasant kind rather than what he was more familiar with. The waiter returned then, pouring coffee for them both, and providing him with a cup to hide behind at the opportune moment.
John was, and always would be, attached to the romance of it all—which he meant in the classic sense. A true romantic adventure story. Beyond Sherlock drifting into the occasional fantasy, John had never actually imagined them together as a romantic item. Even in his own mind, he didn’t know the first thing about how to flirt, seduce, or have a relationship with Sherlock Holmes.
Lestrade hesitated a moment before replying, looking somewhat troubled. “Yes, the Manderley ball was generally an annual affair. Everyone in the county came. A lot of people from London too. It was a big spectacle.”
“I will fix the wall in a moment Mrs Hudson, but you will need to give me the afternoon. We’ll have a new storefront in no time. Unfortunately, we’ll no longer be able to advertise as witches and wizards, but haven’t you always wanted to sell the other good things that you grow in your garden?”
“If you ever want to come again you have only to tell me,” Moriarty repeated. “No one ever comes but me.”
But, perhaps this Murray was harmless. Perhaps they would find Murray, and it would turn out to be no lead at all. Perhaps it was just a man who sold stockings and powders, and the Colonel would find the whole exercise ridiculous, and leave this behind with the firm belief that accusations against John had no real backing.
When John’s eyes returned back upwards, Sherlock’s had finally stopped zig zagging across John’s face. Sherlock was now simply staring at him, unmoving.
The flap of his fall front fell open, and without further ado, John’s hand snuck in. Sherlock moaned aloud, clasping a hand over his mouth, head knocking back against the wood of the door. John’s other arm grasped him around the waist.
“Where I’m from asking someone if they have a cock is frowned upon,” John responded and, wanting to wipe that smug look off of Sherlock’s face, dipped the hand pressed against Sherlock’s chest down their front. Sherlock took in a quick breath of air, becoming motionless as John began to rub at the growing firmness he’d felt in the crotch of the coveralls.
John knew a threat when he heard one, and looked as though he might haul Magnussen from the room at any moment.
“I understand it’s considered… too direct to suggest someone you are interested in break up with their partner. I wanted to plant the idea that, perhaps, you and your girlfriend weren’t interested in the same things.”
The man’s eyes dropped from John’s as his chin tucked in towards the side of his neck. With the demure look firmly in place, the man flashed the sheet upwards impossibly quick. John only caught sight of one pale cheek—briefly—before the sheet dropped back down.
Their laboured breathing misted in the rain, mingling in front of them. John was looking up at him before his expression collapsed like his leg. John redirected his gaze down to where his cane had dropped to the ground.
“I’m not sure if you’ll be able to help me Doctor,” his patient said as he felt her forehead, feeling a slight fever. “I think I’ve had a spell put on me by one of those wizards wandering our streets. Or, maybe my heart’s been eaten without my knowing it.”
“Well, don’t look so enthused. I thought you hated Monte. You thought it was all facile and superficial. Christ, you even said so to Watson, God knows what he thought of that. “
Despite Moriarty having been instructed to check if the coast was clear, the man seemed unsurprised to find them chatting in the morning room. Perhaps Moriarty had known that Magnussen wanted an audience with the new master after all, and had left them the opportunity. Very little seemed to escape Moriarty’s notice.
“Brother?” John repeated, though his comment went ignored. He looked between them with new understanding; there was a certain similarity in their airs.
And so they stood together as a group, waiting. The silence stretched thin as Sherlock watched the Colonel watching John. He could tell the Colonel was beginning to wonder. John hadn’t noticed yet, but Colonel Barclay was asking himself if it were possible, if John Watson really had it in him.
Clara was shyer than her partner, inclining her head slightly in greeting with a murmured, “Hello”. Her gaze was no less observant than Harry’s however, and seemed to study him for a moment before appearing relieved.
His tone was careless, but acted as a firm reminder of his place. As per usual he was not to be involved in the conversation. This was partially because his social skills left something to be desired, but mostly because Wilkes preferred to be the center of attention. Brandishing his position above another person also allowed him to appear more impressive, or so Sebastian imagined.
“If only we knew what was in the note,” Sherlock commented absently. “Magnussen of course didn’t bring it with him, otherwise we would have never let him leave the house. Who knows how much of a threat it is. A planned meeting with a lover might not have been enough to live for, after all.”
Moriarty started to walk from one side of the room to the other, and back, while mimicking the heavy sound of footfalls. “But the sound of the pacing was off!” Moriarty shouted, and his strides changed. He started to lean harder onto one side, one of his feet dragging. “You could hear it through the floor, one of his legs getting lazy,
As he watched the mirror, its ornate metal frame dissolving around the image, the face staring back at him flickered into a wide, smiling mouth. The head tilted side to side in a reptilian fashion, and he stood abruptly, the chair teetering backwards and dissolving where it hit the floor. The painting he and John had been living in was disappearing around him, and leaving behind nothing but a blank canvas. The only part left in colour, the only thing still
Stepping out from the library, Manderley’s main stairway loomed before him at the end of the hall. It was almost evening, and the servants were all below stairs eating an early supper, as the masters of the house had been out all day. The house was silent beyond the sound of his shoes against the steps, his approach to the West wing loud in the empty space. He passed through the minstrels’ gallery and the hall of paintings, and resolutely turned away from the twins dressed all in white. He walked beneath the archway and through the opened entrance to the West wing, door left ajar.
With his heaving back still turned to John, the man reached down to the floor, and the sheet was tugged back on. Inch by inch, all that lovely skin was covered, till the man saw fit to turn around and sit properly in the chair.
“I’m glad to hear it Mr Watson. The builder of your boat has said there are three holes in your boat that have no explanation, and that the seacocks had been left open. Do you have cause to doubt the builder’s testimony?”
It was finally sunny out. It was rather wrong of the world to be sunny, now that John had left. Almost like a natural impossibility.
John laughed, and it felt like they were back to their old selves. Or rather, where they had once left off. Before all this marriage business.
Reluctantly, and still feeling shell-shocked, he returned the way he had come. His eyes stinging, he ran up the stairs, and onto the landing. The band appeared to be as confused as he was, but he didn’t have time to spare a thought for them. He didn’t understand what had just happened, and now partially wished he’d forced Lestrade to come with him and
Moriarty had brought the inevitable to its head. If the man wanted to shake his hand in hell, he wouldn’t disappoint him. He picked up the case in hand, and slid it into the inner pocket of his jacket. He knew where he would find him, and he had a feeling Moriarty would be waiting. He closed the door behind the room John had created for him with finality, and began his way to the West wing.
The Royal Wizard rested his head against his hand with a laugh. “Sherlock, you do know we don’t have a current King of Ingary, don’t you?”
But then, they’d eaten together on multiple occasions. In the very public hotel dining room. Some of the people at the party might have seen them together before, and could very well mention it to Wilkes. God, how could he have been so
“I beg to disagree,” he replied, not yet prepared to dismount, though he suspected that would be how this played out.
“Oh, lucky you! Truly spoiled, honestly. Maybe you’ll get good enough to play with me,” Wilkes said, dealing out the cards.
“What would you say—that is, how would you—” he broke off, eyes squeezing shut. He couldn’t second guess himself now. “What I’m trying to say is, I believe there is still a danger to us. Close at hand.”
“I didn’t. If asked, he’ll tell you he fulfills a very minor position in the British government.  In reality, he practically runs it.”
Watson stood from his chair, pipe forgotten, to approach him. Sherlock remained sitting in morose stillness, but he stood when Watson came towards him, forcing Watson to crane his neck to look into his eyes.
The trick would be to protect John from the papers, whatever Moriarty might have planned, and the inquest, all combined. Not entirely a small feat, especially with respect to the reporters. Which reminded him, the paper from the morning  - he reached for it where he’d unceremoniously dropped it with the letters, having tucked it beneath his arm when he’d grabbed them, not even sparing it a glance. He had truly underestimated the speed of the vultures - the boat being found had of course been in the headlines.
“No,” Archie said, not meeting John’s eyes. He seemed excited, and a little nervous. “I wanted to impress Master Holmes with how far I’ve come, so I went digging into his collection and found this. I chose it because it must be very important.”
John sighed, and stood gradually from his chair. The deeper John had sunk down, the harder it was to lift himself with his cane. John walked over, and sat next to him in the window seat. He continued to face the window, not sure he wanted to meet John’s open, honest eyes.
Watson’s eyes on him appeared to mirror his own dark thoughts. The firewood popped in the grate as it burned, breaking Watson’s attention from him, but did not dispel the mood. When Watson spoke again, his jesting tone was gone.
Sherlock provided him with a cane, and one of the many letters summoning the Wizard Sigerson to the palace.
“I know,” he said, as he ensured the cuffs of his new shirt’s sleeves slid just beyond the end of his jacket.
The man holding the overhead handle to his left, exposing his armpit and its sweat stains (not to mention
for,” Sherlock said in frustration. He tried one last time. “Let me come with you John, I don’t mind.”
“You think I’d honestly ask you this on the spur of the moment? You told me you’d be bored in America, so hey, let’s get married? You think I’d ask you to marry me for the same reason you think I drove you around in the car?”
John and him would exchange addresses, and John would probably ask him to report back on America, and to hear about his new studies or areas of interest. John would initially read them with distant fondness for that odd child he’d driven around for his last holiday. John, not being verbose or interested in discussing his personal life, would write very little back beyond generalities. The letters back would soon be few and far between, before they would completely stop altogether once John had fully returned to his far more appropriate social circle.
husband from the papers. John Watson was in itself a common enough name, and while John was his constant companion and helpful partner, he was the less noticed of their duo.
Greg sticks his hands in his coat pockets, shrugging his shoulders. “Maybe he crawled out of a window?”
John felt his temper flaring. If he was being honest, his frustration with Sherlock was due to much more than just being cross at him for becoming destructive. He wanted Sherlock to look at him. Specifically, he wanted Sherlock to look at him, like they sometimes did, like Sherlock didn’t mind being cramped in a base in the middle of nowhere, as long as John was there with them.
He had just said he didn’t want to go to America. John Watson had always been kind to him. But what exactly was this new, overwhelming act of generosity?
“He can dine with me, if you don’t mind,” Watson instructed, and the waiter obeyed with a nod of his head. The natural inclination when met with Watson’s gentle, commanding voice was to oblige, it seemed.
"That's very polite of you, Lestrade,” he replied, somewhat taken aback by how genuine Lestrade had sounded. “But I’m not sure we’d want to test that theory.”
“He has a passion for drama,” he said, looking skyward. Except -- his brother disapproved of their marriage, and would have no qualms employing scare tactics with John, clearly. Such as exposing his past to make John wary of him. Like his drug habit.
“You asked if it had changed. It hadn’t, but there was also no sign of us ever having been there before. Like it only existed in my memory now, and could be redone. So, you being with me there. Yeah. That helped. You blotted it out. You actually blotted out the past for me. So, damn your tight-lipped puritanical speech, and damn your idea of my kindness and charity. If I spend my time with you, it’s because I want to be with you, and if you don’t bloody believe me you might as well get out of the car now and walk home.“
Those lips were certainly perfect for... giving, but the hotline worker couldn’t see that for himself anyway. “Receive I think,” John said, and shortly after regretted it.
“I think it would be entertaining,” he said, and leaning down to John’s ear, whispered, “and think of all the new people to deduce, while we stand watching over the proceedings.”
But Watson didn’t answer; he just stared back at him with those tired eyes, the bags beneath them more apparent than ever. It was more than he could bear.
“Careful,” John said, as Sherlock pulled back, though he needn’t have worried. Sherlock extended from his crouch without ever coming into contact with the ash or hot grate.
Sherlock made a noise that John could only describe as spoken gibberish while shifting slightly in his chair. An easily missed movement, but to John’s eye the man was practically squirming in his seat.
“You like playing little games don’t you? You like guessing someone’s height from their shoes - you would never have guessed she was tall from her slippers, would you?”
me? You’ve met him, so to speak. Do you have any idea how overbearing and controlling he is? He left long ago to lead a rather ambitious human existence. I was planning on avoiding him. He’s probably only searching for me so I don’t blow his cover, which is also incidentally why he couldn’t do the searching himself. If anyone connected the two of us genetically, he’d be at risk for being poached himself I imagine.”
Sherlock studied the lines of his old friend’s face, but found no doubt, nor indecisiveness in his answer. Watson did not judge the sailor for his actions in the slightest. More than that, even, he supported him. “You truly believe the woman capable of agreeing to her husband’s execution at Sampson’s hand?”
John studies the bed frame, moving slowly further into the room till he is standing in close proximity to the back wall and facing out towards the door.
“And why is that?” John asked, thinking that he would never be able to break his curse at this rate. Why did all wandering magic practitioners have to be morally ambiguous at best?
The feeling of John’s release inside of him should have been unpleasant. It wasn’t. When John began to draw back, Sherlock instinctively held John tighter, not wanting him to pull out. Realizing John would now be over sensitive, Sherlock did relax his grip, letting his legs drift down from where they had held John like a vice.
A moment later, John’s attention was drawn from Sherlock’s grin to the door by the sound of footsteps outside the entrance to the castle. John stood, back straightening; who other than him would be coming in through the empty moors?
“I see you’ve heard of me,” Magnussen commented. “Are you interested in the newspaper business, Mr Watson? ”
Second: Sherlock duly informed the trunk-necked man that Sherlock had puzzled it all out, and that it had not even been difficult to conclude that Mr Wilson had stolen the novelty Princess Diana pottery figurine (purchased from a reputable antiquer in Coventry in 1999) from his own home. Not for profit, of course, but because Mr Wilson could no longer stand seeing the monstrosity behind the display case in their dining room.
The Captain’s speech halted as he looked around at the others on the shore, all of whom were thankfully busying themselves. He dropped the volume of his voice all the same. “She saw a body, on the cabin floor.” He swallowed, bowing his head in deference. “It’s… it’s decayed, but she’s sure it was a body. So, you understand why I had to tell you.”
“You were wrong about John’s loyalty to Mary,” Moriarty tutted, smile dripping into a frown. “Making the same mistake twice? What do they say about assumptions…”
“They’re late,” Stamford said, nervous. His initial enthusiasm for Sherlock’s plot had waned now that the criminal’s capture was upon them. His constitution was not well-suited for this sort of excitement.
A throat was cleared from the entrance to the sitting room. A man with greying hair stood in the doorway, looking expectant.
The moors were as dreary as ever, the mist outside more like rain. John’s eyes stung as he stared out into it. What was he doing with his life, playing live-in assistant to a wizard? What was that ever going to get him? John had wanted to believe there was more to Sherlock than flashy clothes and charming smiles, but perhaps the only thing Sherlock knew how to do with hearts was keep them in jars on the shelf.
“Incredibly,” Watson murmured, with no interest in hiding the fact. “But you answered my question with a question. You see, your Boswell is learning.”
John fell asleep almost as soon as he had laid down his side, only dimly aware of Sherlock closing the door behind him as he left.
“I inferred it. Stamford’s country abode is the only house for quite a ways, and you were riding in that direction.”
John had intended a quiet evening, perhaps read the Lancet or watch the news, but the tabloid paper he’d planned to ignore (and instead read fourteen times) had inserted itself on top of his medical journal.
John reached for his hand to hold lightly, and shrugged his shoulders. “That settles it of course,” he said. “Lestrade, you will have to go ahead with the arrangements, and I suppose you’d better get Moriarty to help you. He knows the drill.”
of it. Real, gritty, a bit sloppy, but perfect. John wanted to push the posh, prim man of his dreams to the very filthy edge, and—he knew just how he’d do it.
But then it wasn’t the Captain from the portrait at all, whose face he couldn’t even recall. It was John Watson, dressed as the very same man. Watson even had to reach upwards to account for their difference in height. Watson had been shorter than him in reality, but while he was waifish, Watson was the personification of sturdy, reliable, well-built. He remembered this accurately in his dream, as he did anything that was important. He remembered that Watson had to look up to stroke his cheek, and to slide his small callused hands up into his hair. He dreamt that Watson spoke to him in his soft, strong voice, though he couldn't remember what was said. The voice was firm and calm, and he had believed every word.
These at least had the decency to be less salacious, and did not include the horrible photograph of John with the moustache. This was except for, of course, the paper he now knew to be owned by his most memorable past guest, Charles Augustus Magnussen, which did not mince words on his
Watson reached into the back seat, one hand still on the wheel, and tossed the coat over his lap. Disgruntled by having something thrown at him, he was tempted to throw it right back, even if Watson was driving.
He opened the door, and peered into darkness. He had watched as the shutters were closed again, after all. Unlike his previous visit to the West wing, he reached along the wall till he found the light switch. Once turned on, he found himself in an anteroom, specifically a dressing room. There wasn’t much to the space aside from several large wardrobes, and another door at the end of the room. This door was wide open, and beyond he could see into a larger room. He crept forward, and turned on the light in the room attached.
Sherlock had been very absorbed in the eyepiece of his microscope, and has no interest in changing the focus of his attention for his nosy landlady.
He and John had grown accustomed to each day being a new obstacle to surmount, and prepared for it perfunctorily. It seemed no time at all passed before Colonel Barclay arrived at their lodge gates, waiting for them to travel into London. As their car drove up, John and the Colonel nodded at one another before continuing their drive into the city.
“Mrs Hudson says he hasn’t been back at the flat. She even went up to check, on my insistence. Molly says he hasn’t been by Bart’s, and Wiggins says he hasn’t asked him or any of the homeless network for any favours.”
John expected the man’s hand below his waist to finally begin to move. But, the man surprised him again.
John wished he could say the curiosity of it didn’t eat at him, but he would have been lying. He knew nothing of extra-terrestrials (or at least, nothing ever validated), let alone whether they had similar sex organs. And he couldn’t exactly ask.
He’d been letting a lowly insect whisper in his ear, leading him down a path of misery and doubt, giving a dead woman more power than she had. Whatever hold Moriarty had over John, he had to protect John from him all the same. He would take back Manderley from her and her minion, if it was the last thing he did, if only for him to return it to John.
“Hang Wilkes!” John said with a quick laugh. He walked over to his desk to pick up the room phone, still without his cane, and began to painstakingly hunt for the finger holes. John dialed a phone at a snail’s pace, as if he hadn’t quite mastered the ability to push his fingers into holes and rotate precisely. If it were anyone else he would have found it extremely annoying, but in this exact moment it was strangely and intensely endearing.
Unbidden, John imagined Sherlock settling into his chair, now moved to Sherlock’s bedroom, maybe after solving a case, his blood still racing from the thrill of the game. Janine, flirtatious Janine, wearing only one of Sherlock’s dress shirts, sliding onto Sherlock’s open thighs, glibly asking, “Did you solve me a case, Sherlock Holmes?”
“Thanks, Sherlock, I’m well aware. Nothing has ever been brought back like this either. I mean, you’d think there’d at least be pictures.”
Only, there was more than one kind of harm, which became apparent when John caught sight of the black scale on Sherlock’s forearm, which Sherlock was currently pressing to his side, in order to hide it from John’s line of sight.
Sherlock’s face, if possible, lit up even further, like a child’s on Christmas morning. It was truly a soft expression, and John still felt like pinching himself. He had always believed Sherlock would be like this, and seeing the truth of it made his chest ache.
“You know,” Harry began, now that they were far enough from John, “don’t mind me saying so, but you are even younger than I expected. John told me your age, but you’re an absolute child. I mean, you just look so young! You’re one of those – you’ll probably look about twelve when you’re in your thirties.”
him, the two of them joined together in the closest way possible. He had smelled John, and touched him, but he had never
“John,” Sherlock said, lifting up his skirt to reveal the pair of seven league boots he had made for John, which were somehow tied to his leg. “We need to split up.”
“The menu displeased you, sir?” Moriarty asked, effectively sounding bored, but Sherlock detected an edge all the same. Moriarty was a bit put out after all.
Sherlock, for whatever reason, needed John Watson to be present at all times. Sherlock had suspected it within moments of meeting him, and had fully confirmed it by the following evening when John had killed for him.
John might not have been much of a ‘people person’, but he had allowed himself to grow attached to the bots. There was an abstract kind of horror in following a trail of Mike’s body parts across a vacant planet.
“We should return,” Mrs Stamford declared. “Allow me to apologize once more for troubling you Mr Holmes, and you Captain Watson. Coming all the way out here, for a matter that could have been solved privately!”
“Good thing you’re not a pretty young thing or you might have been in trouble,” Mike said with a laugh, before thankfully dropping the subject.
“Perhaps, Mr Watson was not aware of the object’s value?” Moriarty asked, speaking of him as if he was not present, while still staring directly at him.
“Only two miles further,” John said. “See those trees there, in that valley? With a bit of sea beyond it? Manderley is in those woods.”
Somewhat alarmed by John approaching him with a broom in hand, Sherlock fluttered away from the lamp. Whenever Sherlock was in motion, John ducked low into a crouch. However, his broom was very much at the ready. Sherlock steered his flight as high as possible to avoid getting whomped.
“Did you know it’s almost entirely self replicating?” Sherlock asked with childish excitement.  “There were a few starting pieces in one of the ship’s drawers, and the printer was able to create the rest of itself on its own. Neat.”
There was a tension to the group, a repressed aggression. It was clear the lot of them were more interested in making an enemy than a friend. For a few seconds as he passed them, John was able to stand straight on his left leg.
“Could a stranger have scuttled the boat Mr Watson? Is it likely they could have come into Manderley’s private harbour to do such a thing?”
Feeling the sudden desire for natural light and fresh air, he moved further down the hall towards a broad window, partially hidden in an alcove. He grasped the edge, looking out to see the lawns, and past them, the sea.
“Keep the phone, yeah?” Harry said, snapping closed the purse she’d been fiddling with. “I’ve got a new one in the mail, and I know you don’t have one.”
. Besides, Lestrade was infinitely preferable to Wilkes, and if he was shadowing him he was rather distant about it. A blessing, really.
However, when it saw the boots John was slipping his feet into, and Archie climbing onto his back, it hopped over.
The man’s eyes went wide, round like saucers. Despite acting like he’d been caught in the act, the man shook his head just slightly.
It was Harry - presumably she’d finally heard the news of the inquest from the day before (her timely interest in them was truly
“It wasn’t Anderson, Sherlock,” John said, bringing the runaway train of his possible explanation to a grinding halt. “There was an assailant, but there wasn’t a third person.”
“And what have I done now?” John asked. While he had estimated the time of death for a body not two feet from them, Lestrade did have people hired to perform that assessment.
“You’re a very bad man,” John murmured, intending it to be under his breath. The man still saw his lips move, judging by the smirk around his finger, currently being sucked.
“I can help you replace it all,” John offered, but Sherlock brushed past him, dropping into the grey chair by the fireplace, body limp in abject misery.
John as always was able to use humour in any given circumstance. Not exactly waxing poetic, was he? Where were his love poems now? Of course, nowhere to be found. They were in his pocket with John’s wife’s name written all over them.
Sherlock’s body gravitated toward his as the intensity of their kisses skyrocketed, and John without thought ground against Sherlock’s front, surprised when he felt a reciprocated
The pair of hands is odd though. John feels up the wrist and realizes they’re tied together and behind Sherlock’s back. Sherlock is lying on his front and tied up. Oh God, has he been like this
Without a second thought, he headed straight for the aptly named ‘Happy Valley’ with Gladstone happily following him down the path on the left. It was like a breath of fresh air. John asking him to name the place made it feel more his own, somehow. He wasn’t sure how much time he spent smoking in the valley. He moved about the small area, needing to feel grounded in something. He seriously considered lying down on the floor of fallen petals, but Gladstone eventually grew bored. The dog was making his way through the overhanging flowers to the little cove on the other side. The flowers were all fading fast anyway, if they had not done already. The bluebells were holding out, but the azaleas were mostly brown, crushed beneath his feet in the moss.
Watson scoffed, as if he were being ludicrous. “Really Holmes, there’s no doubt of her affection for him, to anyone with eyes.”
Sherlock couldn’t believe this, the idea of it – that John had misinterpreted him so badly, and that he in turn had done the same with John. That John didn’t know, that John
“Shut up!” he whined, partially turning in the tub to look over his shoulder, and John laughed, helplessly.
“An excellent point Your Majesty,” the Royal Wizard conceded with a bowed head. “However, with the recent loss of our Captain of the Guard, the enemy views us as weakened, hence their attacks along our coast. So you see, we need every able witch and wizard we can get.”
“Also, it’s pronounced photosynthesize. The ‘y’ isn’t a hard vowel sound,” John clarified. Sherlock pouted, as Sherlock often did when John knew things that they didn’t.
Sherlock’s glowing gold freckles returned at this comment, bizarrely, and Sherlock looked away. “I was—curious about them, that’s all.”
John squeezed his hand once before standing, always looking to be the one to offer comfort. Sherlock felt his heart in his throat the entire duration of John’s turn, but it went smoother than he could have imagined - John kept a level head, not reacting in any noticeable way to the intensity of the thorough Coroner. Sherlock was glad for it, but still couldn’t shake the feeling of apprehension. He alternated between pressing his fists into his thighs to stop his legs from bouncing, and turning his head slightly to see Moriarty and Magnussen in his peripheral.
Though, who knew what might be different this time around. Might as well go keep an eye on Sherlock. In person. For Sherlock’s safety, of course.
With a feat of strength John hadn’t even believed he was capable of, he lifted the beam high enough for Sherlock to escape from beneath it. Sherlock could walk, barely, but he was fine. Sherlock was fine. John had never wanted to shake someone and kiss them at the same time before, and the burning wreckage around them suggested that the urge to do so might be best left for later.
He looked up and smiled then, a real smile, and found he couldn’t help but laugh. And Watson – no, John – was laughing with him.
John,” Sherlock said, voice a touch high as they crouched down next to him. Their hands reached out to feel his upper body through his suit, and John couldn’t do much beyond groan in pain.
Wondering about the turn of John’s thoughts was more dangerous than anything they’d discussed earlier. His mind was primed to launch into another one of his imaginings, the hateful ones about what John would have done with Mary in the past. He cut it off before it started.
John hid a smile behind his hand, and went to find Sherlock a stick. When he returned with a replacement, Sherlock did have the decency to release the scarecrow.
Not since their house had burned down due to Sherlock being too stupid to solve Moriarty’s little “riddle”, the answer to which was
“A dance!” the voices were calling, with individuals shouting “a waltz for the newlyweds! The Messrs Watson must dance!”
John stopped walking. “What the hell is that supposed to mean?” His voice was low. John was restrained, or attempting to be anyway. Always so restrained.
John stood, cane in hand, and moved to the mantelpiece. John with his hand in his pocket, trying to not meet his gaze, obviously remembering Mary. John was probably considering how strange it was that a wedding present to Mary had been destroyed by his second spouse.
“Come now, why a whole other story,” Watson insisted, rocking back on his heels. “There must be a reason.”
The conversation became circular after that. John was unable to believe the evidence in front of his own eyes. Which, while better than John running away screaming, still wasn’t enjoyable.
“Either this is too easy,” John said. “Or I and my aching leg have come all this way only to find a very inept wizard.”
“What? Yes,” Sherlock said, their eyes still blinking. “Photosynthesize. There. Did I get it right?”
“My brother wrote me a letter when I first arrived here, warning me that he couldn’t protect me, suggesting he had a shared history with the place. He knew I was in a den of vipers, which given his distaste for legwork he’d been handling remotely, and long before I was ever connected. It was my brother who hired the assassin, who organized to kill your right hand, wasn’t it Jim?”
“Can I?” John asked, his voice almost inaudible, wavering. As though he didn’t know what to ask, when they both knew what he meant.
He turned to walk up the beach to the path, catching Gladstone by his collar on the way by. Interesting that John and Lestrade were both unconcerned about Anderson wandering around. He imagined the man had a reputation for being off, and no one overly minded him. When he turned his head to look back to the beach, Anderson was gone, the cove empty once again. He hadn’t gotten to do much exploring at all in the end.
Carl Powers. He did remember, he remembered telling John about his first case, a drowning that hadn’t been a drowning ….
John turns over onto his front; Sherlock doesn’t mirror him. Sherlock never does. Something unspecified happened to his back.
John’s futile attempts at freeing himself eventually landed him on his front, as he soon lost balance in his bad leg even with his bloody assistive device. John’s arms shot out to protect his helmet’s visor from the impact, but whatever had his legs was long enough to also break his fall.
Sherlock stares at him, so John clarifies: it’s a coffee maker thing. You know. The metal one. And his dear friend is the teapot, who likes to brew tea with the magic tea bag. He’s the one whose praise the hero really sought, just to wrap this up.
“I don’t,” he said, terrified by the prospect of John looking—and actually being—frightened. “I only said it because – because it was something to say.”
“It wouldn’t have been mine,” John said, interrupting his treacherous thoughts. “Obviously. I thought she might have been lying, to get under my skin. She told me I’d never be able to divorce her, and that I’d have to live knowing her child would inherit Manderley. I thought it was all just part of her starting to become unhinged, seeing as she shot me after.”
John loved pleasing his partners, and if nothing else, this guide had provided him with ample knowledge on how to please someone interested in a bit of fingering, moving forward. John had known himself to be attracted to men, who often had prostates, whether they preferred having them stimulated or not, but he had shied away from going through with anything, many times. When he was younger, it had been due to the lingering shadow his father seemed to cast over his life. Now, it was the fear of entering into an unknown world at his time of life. For example, prostate stimulation. John hadn't known half of this stuff. If he ever got up the courage to try on a relationship with someone who did have a prostate now, he supposed he would owe this SH a certain debt of gratitude.
“She was a very composed women,” Murray responded. “But yes, I would describe her as unwell and distraught that day. She - she pushed past me to leave, and wouldn’t hear anything about repeating the test. It was quite unusual.”
“Well, I had a long drive,” John said, leaning back onto the edge of the nearby armchair. “I started out at the crack of dawn, and I shouldn’t have. That drive twice in twenty-four hours -” John arched his back with a hand on his spine, which had the benefit of stretching his shirt tight across his chest. “- it’s too much for anyone. But I also had the pleasure of meeting a friend of yours.”
Sherlock’s eyes were shuttered and his mouth was wide open. Sighs, gasps, and one single, shy moan, left through those parted lips, as quick as a peck on the cheek, and John wanted to kiss him, even more than he wanted to stroke the outline of Sherlock’s erection through the hedonistic thread-count trouser fabric.
“So, you’re saying you didn’t bum a cigarette off him?” John asked, doubt evident. “When you’ve been crawling out of your skin with cravings lately?”
This was phrased as a question, even though John could have picked this man out of any line-up as the Sherlock he was meant to be meeting. In the same way that Sherlock wrote like a Sherlock, he looked and acted like one too. Redolent of sweet coconut hair product, and standing far too close by any acceptable social norm, this was the man who called John silly, and needed emoticons to help him better understand sarcasm.
The teetering of the ship continued as it was bombarded by an external force, and Sherlock’s would-be kidnapper was hardly able to hold onto Sherlock with all the excessive movement of the ship, a problem that the bot holding John unfortunately did not have.
There was a certain thrill to being of interest to ‘SH’. John couldn’t help but want to keep that sharp mind turned on him. Time to up the intrigue.
He felt his forced smile start to drop at the corners. He had forgotten how handsome John had looked, his hair neatly arranged, his eyes shining brightly. The expression John wore was inscrutable. There were many times when John became unreadable to him, but this was the worst of all, as he had never more desperately wanted to know what John was thinking. John eventually swallowed, and ducked his chin, before looking out across the room once more.
Light pressure, only grazing, and Sherlock was gasping, each stuttering breath muffled into a pillow, and just like that, John was speaking utter nonsense. God awful, loving nonsense, that should have been mortifying for a first time with a new, if-he-played-his-cards-right boyfriend.
“There’s a decent number of years between us. I didn’t let you wait, or think it through - you could have married someone your own age. Instead of someone with half his life behind him.”
John’s smile was fond, obviously missing the point entirely. “I’m a doctor, I’ve donated blood loads of times.  Whenever the hospital runs short they head to the staff. Giving it to you isn’t any different than giving it to any other person.”
Gladstone was running about, which the dog was welcome to, as he himself was going to investigate the cottage.
“Who was that text from?” John asked from behind a newspaper. (Though Sherlock would have pointed out that calling it a newspaper was
Though Sherlock had successfully concealed the county paper from John that first morning, he was unable to prevent John from catching sight of the photographs of Manderley sprawled across the front pages of the papers from London in the following days to come.
” Sherlock shouted again, the noise seeming to come out from their gills while their mouth was covered. “He can’t be exposed to the natural environment of this planet!”
John felt like a rider attempting to gentle a wild horse, expecting that he might be bucked off at any moment. John's attention was devoted to Sherlock's reactions, ensuring his enjoyment and comfort, always waiting for the moment Sherlock would ask him to stop - but he never did. John treasured every small noise he coaxed from Sherlock, completely intoxicated by him, and the gratifying sound of him reaching his peak.
Sherlock at once was overly aware of how long he had been waiting and thinking and fantasizing. He wanted very much to move along with it. He slid away from John, moving toward his bedside table, where he had stashed the oil after his last attempt at similar activities. Sherlock waved his hands at John till he rolled off the bed so that Sherlock could pull the covers down, and then Sherlock primly spread the towel out over the center of the bed.
Gladstone, who had been hiding behind his master’s legs for the duration of the conversation, began growling again.
Sherlock sighed. He hated having to make promises he didn’t want to keep, but would now have to. “I won’t come into your room or the toilet as a bat any more.” There. That should do it.
“I wish there was a method,” he said, “that allowed you to store a memory, like a perfume in a bottle. It would never fade, and it would be true to the exact events as they occurred, with no bias or embellishments. And you could relive that moment exactly as it happened, as many times as you wished.”
“Christ.” John leaned his head back against the wall he’d banged his elbow on not a moment before. “And how much longer is ‘longer’, exactly?” He’d been right to think it was a bigger trip. With the Hudson as the designated dispatch ship, of course it was.
He abruptly knelt up on the window seat, and wrapped his arms around John’s shoulders. He buried his nose in the crook of John’s neck, and John immediately held him back tightly.
He could feel one corner of his mouth sliding upwards, forming the crooked smile that people did not like. His fake ones were usually far better received, but Watson didn’t seem to mind. He kept licking his lips.
“The book,” William (apparently) replied. “I now know all the words that were used in that book. I can learn more.”
Sherlock’s eyes, when they opened, were mere slits, and his words, when spoken, were barked. “Like what?”
“Thank you Lestrade,” John said, his knuckles still white where they gripped the edges of the paper. “Have we had calls from any of the locals?”
Sherlock would need to write back all the same, otherwise it would fall on John. He took the letters to the morning room, supposing he ought to write responses in the place intended for penning letters. Sherlock sniffed the air upon entering, scrunching his nose up in distaste. It was stuffy, musty, old. Like the smell of that damn sailboat. He walked across the room to open all the windows, letting air into the room, and noticed the flowers on the windowsill were almost all dead. Their petals were on the floor, like the azaleas outside in the Happy Valley. Was anyone even working in this house? Before he realized what he was doing, as he had never done such a thing before, he was ringing the bell for the servants. Molly arrived promptly, peering around the door rather surprised.
John would have thought the most observant man in the world would have read his erection as a pretty clear green light – but then, John had been relearning his own assumptions of Sherlock quite a bit lately.
“Sorry, wrong, Mr Watson is attending to his duties somewhere else. I suggest calling that room,” he said, confused by why Moriarty would need to call in the first place instead of meeting in person. Manderley was one set of rules after another.
He went to the window, the one he had seen Magnussen standing in front of. He could hear the sound of the sea through the shutters. He swung them open, and could confirm that it was the same window he’d seen Moriarty and Magnussen in half an hour ago. He opened the shutters further, until the daylight filled the room. It shone off a case on the bed, lying on the pillow, and the glass dressing table, and the perfume bottles.
“John, that—um—that thing you did…”, Sherlock stammered, still holding the 3D printed gun, and now rubbing it against the back of their neck.
and woke the next day in anticipation. John expected a terse yet amusing reply from SH in his inbox, and was soundly disappointed when he booted up to discover no new messages. There was no reply later that morning, or that afternoon, when John came back to the flat after a long walk. Or in the evening, after John came back to the flat following an aimless trip to the shops. Which made a world of sense, given the fact that it was an email exchange between two people who knew nothing about each other. Except one person knew quite a lot about the other one, and remembering that got John peeved enough to send a follow up. Certain he was right, John wrote back:
“Yeah, that’s getting a bit scary now, the blinking thing,” John was saying, from somewhere rather far away.
He could feel their earlier happiness slipping from them, and desperately, he reached out and grabbed it by taking hold of John’s free hand.
It made one think of the sort of things that would happen below board. And how much one wished they had.
“John,” Sherlock repeated, his tone bordering on begging, once Magnussen had left the room. They would need to bargain their way out. It was the only way.
“I want to hear you,” Sherlock choked out, breaking away from John’s mouth. He was nearing his peak, feeling it coming over him. But he wanted to hear it first.
, why am I not back at home?” Sherlock had attempted to demand, but any strength his voice had gained had ebbed away by the end of the question into a weak scratchiness.
No, he wouldn’t be calling on any of them again. They could say what they liked. He didn’t mind. He had bigger fish to fry.
Sherlock made a show of huffing as he twisted back around, but there was a growing smirk in the tilt of his lips. John being able to laugh was a relief. There might not be much more of this. He would have to enjoy it while he could. His smile was long gone by the end of that thought.
“Lestrade,” he said, “Before we put an end to this conversation, forever let's say, will you promise to answer me one thing, quite truthfully?”
The alien cocked their head at him. The tips of the alien’s antennae pushed together in the center of their forehead in a facsimile of a prayer pose, as if contemplating the suggestion. After a beat, the creature obediently swept up the bot parts, including Mike’s outer rectangular frame, and clambered towards John on long silver legs.
He turned on the spot, and surveyed the rest of the room. He moved to the divan, and crouched to the ground in front of it. He smoothed his hand across the fabric, while Gladstone came over to sniff at it, as if to help him with his inspection. There was not even a slight dip in the divan, no imprint from someone seated. The chair across was the same, as well as the chair by the desk.
He needed to support John. He had decided this morning - he was going to grow up, and be the good man he always had the potential to be. His own time for devastation and misery had come and gone last night and earlier this morning, but John’s was only just beginning. Part of killing his nameless self was facing all his fears, and his self esteem. This was his last chance to do right by John.
“What would you like my input on, exactly?” John asked, the direction of his gaze alternating between Sherlock’s eyes and lips. Though John had gotten away with this behaviour for many years, Sherlock’s eyes widened as if he finally understood what it meant.
The book would have been a gift. Maybe it had been for John’s birthday, maybe just because. Perhaps they often gave each other presents on whims. Something would catch John’s eye and he’d think, ‘This would be perfect for Mary.’
“I’d forgotten,” he replied simply. He’d been there yesterday, and when he’d stowed one of his volumes on the high desk shelf, something had rolled off and smashed. He had intended to do something about it, but then completely forgotten once he’d been occupied once again.
Sitting by himself in silence was uncomfortable for the first few socialites, but later he went completely unnoticed as the room was packed in with people speaking loudly, gulping from glasses, and laughing uproariously. He wondered whether he had died and this was the afterlife he had earned for all his sins.
“All of those things are entirely plausible!” Sherlock argued, offended that even his imaginings might have contained incorrect details. “But you’re right. It was just a dream. We were in the past, by several decades in fact.” Offhand, with a line between his brows he said, “I suppose I traded the future in for that.”
Sherlock asked a flurry of questions, whatever came into his mind: Were there any traces of blood? (No, as John had carried salt water back to the cottage, and scrubbed at any marks he could find.) Had truly no one helped John at all with the boat? (No, John had wrapped his shoulder, crudely, running on pure adrenaline during the setup, but had patched himself up on return to the house.) Had anyone ever seen his shoulder? (No, no one had helped John with the wound, and so no one knew of that either. John had sewn stitches into animal hide as a child, playing doctor, and had miraculously managed to do it himself, though apparently not until after much trial and error.)
He saw from the corner of his eye Lestrade reach out as if to go to John, and he realized John looked like he was about to faint. He reached out one hand as well, but John finally moved, breaking eye contact with him at last and steadied himself with his cane.
“Take care with your phrasing dear, your misuse of labels has hurt him in the past,” she responds, sipping her tea. She is really beginning to seem like a Mrs Hudson impersonation. And what the hell did that mean?
He didn’t hear any more of this commentary, as he decided to take leave of Wilkes himself. He followed the other man at a similar pace, but Watson was already gone by the time he entered the main hallway. Not that he’d been hoping to catch him. He’d rather avoid more social discomfort than seek it out. He returned to his room, taking the stairs to give himself time to clear his head.
“Let Anderson go home now, I think, perhaps with a bit of food in him,” the Colonel suggested, and Lestrade ushered him back out. Sherlock and Anderson made eye contact, and for that one moment, Anderson appeared to be clear headed. He ducked his head once, as if in thanks. Sherlock could hardly believe it.
An intriguing servant, to be sure. Irish, but had obviously immigrated to England young. He was from the country clearly but liked to hide it, preferred the city, resenting his rural upbringing. For his class, he had moved up quite quickly, already the obvious overseer of one of the oldest and greatest homes in Britain. Rather impressive, considering. His appearance was fastidious, he took care with his clothing. This was standard with servants, but this one in particular liked to look smart, coveted the articles. He obviously had connections in the city, judging by the new cufflinks. He was very probably up to date on London fashion.
He was making conclusions without all the evidence, which he knew would lead to false assumptions. That settled it then - he would need to go to the West wing to see for himself.
From there, John could nothing but frot, and only needed a few more thrusts against Sherlock’s quivering abdomen till he shook apart in the loose loop of Sherlock’s arms. Better even than the intense build up and release was being caught after, Sherlock bundling him up in his limbs. Dazed, John knew that was meant to be his job as well; namely, the missing part of Sherlock’s past experiences.
Maybe it was hearing Sherlock’s voice for the first time, surprised by the deep timbre of it in contrast to how young the man looked, or perhaps it was listening to Sherlock’s delivery rather than reading it on the page. Either way, John let out the highest giggle he had at his disposal, and had to quickly duck back into the narrow side street from whence he’d come to hide in case Sherlock had heard him. By the time John stuck his head back out, the cab and Sherlock were gone.
“Partners!” Sherlock said much louder than necessary, seemingly pleased at being able to speak a full word. “I can see why. You’d certainly be perfect for it.”
“Intimately,” Sherlock replied, and Captain Watson laughed. Stamford didn’t seem to know quite what to make of them. They coordinated dismounting, while a servant rushed out to take care of the horse.
John at last turned to him, and any words Sherlock might have spoken died on his lips. They walked back to the library in silence, and closed the door behind them.
“So the henchmen that are after him, they’re yours I take it?” John asked, attempting to think of a distraction.
“Yes essentially,” John confirmed. “It was just like all those questions you asked me the other night, and going over all the same ground again. You were right, he questioned me incessantly, and it was bloody aggravating. Thank you, by the way.”
“Well, that’s something - I think,” John said, and he was smiling, and somehow lighter. A weight had been lifted.
John comes hard and wet. He sits still, breathing heavily, feeling his mess seeping through the fabric.
When Sherlock smiled, it was a small, sly thing. “Me too,” he replied, and that made John laugh, though in self-deprecation.
“He had an inclination for that area at one point, yeah,” Lestrade replied easily. “Just a passing interest, of course. Not suitable for a man of his position.”
“Pity, but we wouldn’t want to lead the bridegroom astray, would we Gladstone? That wouldn't do.” Magnussen, at last, started the car.
The house is once again abandoned when he arrives. The officers have interviewed neighbours and come up with nothing, and Dr Davenshaw has long since dealt with Howard and returned to her friend’s.
He shrugged. He wasn’t going to expose her, as long as thievery wasn’t her (current) inclination. Forcing an invitation from John the evening before, and then sneaking off to see the gallery, after making sure to arrive early, and bringing a crowd with her. A convenient method of keeping the staff busy. Stepping in close enough to one of the most expensive pieces to see the individual brush strokes.
“Excellent! Sign here Mr Stamford, if you will. Now, the only thing left to do is plant the note, and wait.”
This was his promise. From now on, John would have to know, and he would never be able to suggest otherwise again. Sherlock doubted he would be able to come like this, but he hadn’t expected to. It was more than enough watching John’s face, overcome with the intensity of the feeling, as though Sherlock was the best thing he’d ever found. John’s constant praise made Sherlock feel not unlike a God - telling him he was so good, he felt amazing, that he was
He immediately regretted the decision to continue opening his mouth. His own rudeness evidently had no parallel. He didn’t know if he could trust this man, and he could lose his job if word got back to Wilkes that he was speaking ill of him openly.
This was unfortunately a self-fulfilling prophecy. His attempts to anticipate John’s collapse only made sure of it, as John was immediately reminded of his limp. His problem was an issue of psychology, after all.
“Yeah, that’s actually what I wanted to talk about." John's voice was lowered when he spoke again. “The other thing you said before we left. What did you mean, when you said you knew what Moriarty was going to do next?”
His patient didn’t notice his wry smile, and answered in earnestness, “Oh, he eats them! Everybody knows that, Doctor Watson. He’s heartless.”
“There’ll be some curiosity, of course,” John commented. “They’ve probably all been talking about this ever since they heard the news. But you only have to be yourself.”
“Are you not feeling well, sir?” Moriarty asked, stepping into his personal space. He took a step back, most certainly feeling unwell.
Sherlock had ripped through their coveralls when they’d grown out their third arm, and when John entered the room after them, Sherlock was standing near the sofa playing with the framed hem.
Sherlock chivalrously continued to hold the camouflaged material back for John, motioning for him to go in first. John walked into the dark opening without a second thought. He realized belatedly that his trust in Sherlock was the kind that could get a man easily killed, but just as before, he didn’t dwell on that thought for long.
“Brilliant,” the officer replied, with an easy and open admiration. “But what is to be done in the meantime? Is there somewhere I can take you, Mister...?”
“Not to mention, you love your dramatic reveal too much to ever share the details with me beforehand.”
“Sherlock,” John persisted, while moving out of their way. “I don’t remember because I wasn’t here, and I have never met this woman before in my life. I was visiting Harry for a few days last week, remember?”
“If this is meant as a kindness, it’s at best unnecessary and at worst offensive. I don’t need your pity John Watson,” he said, while standing with every intention to leave, now, before this became even worse than it already was.
Sherlock lifts his hips, pushing up into John’s belly. His hand slides down John’s neck to his back, to his bum. John, I rather meant my third leg.
John laughed a bit more, before deciding to let him off easy. “I’m surprised is all. I’m sure I couldn’t have been very interesting to read about,” he remarked, to soften the blow. “Boring really. A lot of desert to look at in that book, was there?”
His clothing was shabby in comparison to Watson’s and his hair was messed beyond all help from the wind, but none of it mattered. His face ached from smiling. He felt different with Watson, somehow more himself. The shy, awkward, and humble status of being a companion was shed like a winter coat in the spring. Wilkes and his flu were nothing to him.
Sherlock shook his head quickly, willing his earlier confidence to return. “I want to,” he insisted, and he meant it.
Christ. He was already on the phone with two twinks, as far as he could tell. Surely that was more than enough.
“Yes,” John said, clearing his throat. “She seemed ecstatic to see me. I’ve never been so warmly welcomed by someone whom I’ve never met before.” The self-identified Mrs Hudson had in fact almost hugged him. John wasn’t accustomed to people touching him much these days, but the way she’d beamed at him, as if he were a long lost son, while in part disconcerting, had mostly been nice.
“Nausea, vomiting,” Murray replied. “Could have been morning sickness, could have been any number of things. Maybe she ate something bad, and realized that must have been it. I can’t be certain.”
“Based on my session with her that day...” Murray murmured, contemplating. “Can I suggest any motive for why Mr Watson’s wife should have taken her life? I couldn’t say. But I can confirm she was very unwell when she came to see me. It was a last minute booking, I just squeezed her in after a cancellation. She had symptoms in line with morning sickness, and wanted a pregnancy test.”
But now didn’t seem to be the appropriate time for having thoughts in that direction. He turned both of John’s hands palm-up and kissed them, John watching him with that same reverence and amazement. He wondered if John would ever come to stop being amazed by him doing the simplest of things.
As smoothly as he could, John sucked Sherlock down like it was his last meal. As soon as he had taken as much of Sherlock into his mouth as was feasible, he drew back off again, and repeated the movement.
Lestrade cleared his throat. “Lunch is ready, if the masters and their guests were interested in dining earlier than scheduled.”
He startled as John took one of his hands in his own, and lifted it from its grasp on the seat to kiss it lightly. He watched the progression of his hand moving towards John’s lips with fascination.
“I sank the boat too close in,” John murmured, his exhaustion almost stronger than his regret. “I should have taken the boat all the way out of the bay. They would have never found it then.”
There was a pause, before John realized he wasn’t joking. “You’re serious. You’re not going to change into a bat.”
“We can. Would you care for a demonstration? I did take such pains aligning your visit with the Witch of Belgravia’s. She thinks she’s gutsy for arriving here in person, such a shame. Both her and Sherlock have similar abilities and weaknesses. It appears those with a high aptitude for sorcery can’t resist proving their cleverness.”
Savagely, he said, “I wish I was thirty five years old, wearing the smartest suit a tailor could make, and not caring for a single thing in the world beyond my work.”
“Right.” John after that sat down without so much as a grumble, a very different reaction than when Sherlock normally bossed him about on case-related work.
Magnussen paused in the doorway of the morning room, waiting for him to stand. “It will be a ways Mr Watson, as I didn’t drive up to the house.” He provided no explanation.
“Mr Moriarty wondered, Sir, whether you would like to see your room,” Lestrade inquired, addressing him specifically. The man was a good servant then, aware of his master’s apprehensions.
John sent the email, and everything was starting to feel a bit warm and fuzzy about the edges. Maybe he shouldn’t have been having this conversation while buzzed. His recent poor health had left him with a much lower tolerance, if he couldn’t even handle a scotch or two.
“I’m not going to leave you alone Sherlock, not when you’re like this. I wanted to monitor your signs. And Mycroft was here for a while, but had to go eventually. Probably working on getting you that a pardon.” John forced a slight smile.
He had two options: he could convince John to fire Moriarty, or play Moriarty’s game. The prior option - while appealing - would be counterproductive to his primary mission, which was bringing Manderley, and therefore John, back to life. In the short term, this meant convincing John to host the fancy dress ball. He had to admit Moriarty’s leadership seemed to result in smooth operations, and he wasn’t entirely sure they could pull a ball off without him. There had to be a reason John had kept him on. The man seemed… ‘off’ to be sure, but he supposed Moriarty hadn’t ever done anything that would justify the harshness of terminating his contract. Moriarty wasn’t anything more than a servant who had grown too comfortable in his position in the house, looking to intimidate the new master - and he wouldn’t give him the satisfaction.
After many days of being cooped up indoors, John heard the telltale soft raps against the lower section of the door. He turned to Sherlock, who was busy drawing circles onto their table in chalk, apparently keen to ignore it.
“Yes. That, and you’re also a bit of a -” he pauses, not entirely sure what he’s doing or saying, “- a danger slut,” he says feeling brave enough to reach out and run his hand down Sherlock’s chest, looking up at him in the little light afforded to them.
Moriarty’s voice was unremarkable beyond its faint Irish accent, which was at odds with the heavy hand the man had left hanging in his own. Moriarty’s hollow eyes never looked away from him, not for a moment, even while addressing John in an easy manner about the meaningless events that had passed in his absence. The stare was so unusual, and yet he felt he was the only one able to see how empty the eyes looking back at him were. Eventually he cut his gaze to John, searching for his reaction. However, once he’d lost the contest of holding Moriarty's gaze, the hanging hand gripped his with excessive force, before pulling away. He felt strangely like he had failed some kind of test.
He turned over, ready to seek John out, but John had fully retreated to the other side of the bed. Similar to how he himself had acted before.
He blinked, once long, and then multiple times in quick succession. “Since when do you call me Sherlock?”
Watson inhaled deeply. It caused one side of his nose to slide upwards in a way that was both angry and endearing. Watson pulled to the side of the road, and stopped the car.
Sherlock casually scans the passengers upon entering the train car. And lo and behold, the unassuming ex-army doctor is across and to the left of him, currently seated and reading a paperback crime thriller.
John slipped his fingers free, having covered the back of Sherlock’s head. It was time to start at the temples now, which were difficult to reach in their current positions. John tapped Sherlock’s dropped shoulder.
He watched John’s retreat with Gladstone pressing a cold nose into his palm. It was now pouring, strong enough that rivulets of rain were running down his face. If he was to cry now, he thought, no one would be able to notice.
“I swear, we would have left it alone if we could. I wish I didn’t have to tell you anything. But you see, the diver investigated the sailboat, and found that the door to the cabin and the portlights were closed. She looked into the cabin, and discovered it was full of water, likely filled by a hole in the bottom. And then, well, she saw more than she bargained for.”
He was being summoned. Not in the traditional sense of course, and yet still equally as undeniable and persuasive. John had that effect on him.
John thought he rather preferred being real than literary, so long as it meant his long-loved childhood companion and only friend miraculously existed with him, where their stories finally got the ending they deserved.
- this was much worse than he had ever thought. “There had to have been an attacker. You tried to shoot Mary’s assailant, but the bullet hit her instead, by mistake. Was it Anderson, the man from the beach?”
“Is it?” Sherlock asked, not really seeing how. Perhaps it was John not knowing that it was him beforehand. Hmm. Maybe he had overstepped.
They crested the top of a hill, and Stamford’s country home rose into view. Watson stopped his horse, giving her a chance to rest, taking in the sight of the house. Remote, country homes always had an air of mystery about them, and Stamford’s was no different.
Which was why it came as quite a surprise when John entered the ship’s toilet, assuming he was only the person who used it, and found himself facing Sherlock’s back. They were standing in front of the toilet like anyone who had—well—a penis, would. Except Sherlock didn’t. Did they?
“Oi, boys, you better come have a look at this!” Greg calls to the officers in the living room. He looks very relieved that John is in fact onto something and that forceful removal of him from the house would not be required.
In a panic, he began stripping off his nightshirt and rushed for the water basin in the corner. The doorknob was rattling.
“Risky,” Sherlock said, thinking that it would take quite some time to ‘right’ himself if they were interrupted.
The alien began to brush their antennae over the front of his helmet’s visor, as if trying to reach his face. The antennae ran over the surface of it in broad strokes, before beginning to tap at his visor incessantly.
“I thought you were bored of Manderley. Or, worse than that – I thought you were already bored with me. You seemed so unhappy here, and I could understand it. I'm so much older than you, and you’d agreed to this under less than ideal circumstances. You were always talking with Lestrade, much more than you ever did with me,” John explained, and his voice soured toward the end. He realized John was jealous, that John had been
“John, they don’t have any evidence against you, not yet,” Sherlock insisted, turning his head to speak over his shoulder. “By your account, no one saw you that night. You went to bed, and that’s all anyone can say as a witness. And, if you’re right, the reasons Mary cited for why you would never have been able to divorce her - your performances being too convincing to the public eye - will now be in your favour. They can’t prove anything against you.”
“This wasn’t just a social call, then,” the Witch commented, though there was a growing fear in her eyes. She didn’t attempt to retrieve the pocketwatch, as if she knew it would be a futile effort.
“Without any description of a suspect beyond a dog killing ghost, there’s not much else I can do. But, you know, I appreciate it when you call me about these things, alright?”
The cupid — something suddenly occurred to him. Moriarty didn’t seem the type to care about ornaments, not really. Unless he was looking for an excuse to cause grief in the life of a servant. That was possible. But he had a feeling there was more to it than that.
Moriarty moved away from him and closer to the bed, where he ran a hand along the coverlet from top to bottom.
“Let’s get this over with, shall we?” Mycroft asked. Snapping his fingers, a gold chain flew out from the Witch’s pocket.
He imagined that the day before had gone differently between him and John in the library. More melodrama perhaps than their real life conversation - he told John he would go, he’d leave, and instead of being
Easy for Ella to say. That was much harder to do in practice, especially with the pressure to be “interesting.” All the same, John wasn’t a quitter. With slow pecks of his index fingers against the keyboard, he wrote:
Once freed, Sherlock turned away from John, leaning all of their forearms against the blank white wall of the ship. Sherlock then twisted to look back over their shoulder at him.
This was perfectly fine, he repeated to himself, as he stared at the used handkerchief on the table. For a spiteful moment, he wished he’d used the one he’d found that afternoon instead.
“Thank you, Ms Hammersmith, that will be all!” was called back over his shoulder, careless and pleased. John offered a stiff smile and a nod to Ms Hammersmith, before crossing the street after his strange new acquaintance.
John’s head tilted backward slightly, with his face further scrunched in confusion. “What? No, God no. Christ Sherlock, have you been thinking that? Is that why you always get that - that  - look about it?”
The finished product was something that came across more ‘lovesick puppy’ than any other blog post John had ever written, and that was actually saying quite a lot.
“Not much to tell really. A boy named Carl Powers drowned to death and the police were convinced it was an accident. I was, and still am, convinced it was a murder made to look like a drowning.”
Sherlock back in the hospital, Christ. Sherlock hurt badly, and because of something John had brought into their lives.
With his back still turned, Sherlock snorted. “Interesting. Yes, I have been known to take on such magical problems.”
She leads them into the living room, where John takes a seat on the couch across from their hostess, who has lowered herself into an armchair while Sherlock begins circling the room.
John’s head twisted towards the door to the study, left open by the woman who had led him in, thinking of how best to strategize his escape. John didn’t know what would happen when the doors were finally kicked in by the Queen’s guard, but he had a feeling it either meant Sherlock would be in trouble, or that John no longer had a way home.
He reached what he assumed must have been some of the more famous paintings of Manderley, along the minstrels' gallery as Wilkes had said. As an exercise he began estimating their relative values – impressive sums in general, given their preservation. There was one in particular, clearly the most notable piece. It featured a man and a woman, twins, based on the strong resemblance in features. They were both blond, beautiful, and dressed all in white. They gazed out from the painting with their arms linked, and their expressions suggested they knew something the onlooker did not. The blondness, in addition to the painting being the obvious centerpiece, led him to believe the siblings depicted were Watsons.  He supposed being good-looking was a trend in the family, along with producing one son and one daughter.
John felt—relieved. Sherlock hadn’t forgotten about his curse. He’d maybe even been beating himself up about it. John couldn’t help the smile that grew across his face, as he reached into the bath water to find Sherlock’s hand. John pressed the flannel into Sherlock’s palm, and closed his fingers around it.
“Of course,” Sherlock replied, waving his hand in the air dismissively. “It’s more than just one person. An organization, or a criminal hierarchy of sorts.”
Mrs Hudson shrugged her shoulders. “I haven’t the faintest, but he helps me more than you, young man!”
“No—no!” Sherlock protested, leaning forward as John drew back. “Never wanted it, with someone.” Sherlock turned away, a hand covering his still reddened from kissing mouth. He looked frustrated, embarrassed even. “Fantasies were… easier.”
“Our client’s husband,” Sherlock replied, as he strolled right up to the front door Ms Hammersmith had such an excellent view of.
Chapter 3 to come some time after the special, but as we'll all be dead by then, I can't make any promises
“She was seeing a doctor, perhaps even for her psychological issues. This may settle the matter once and for all.”
The tea spoon she’d been collecting clattered against the tray, and she scrambled for it with a scarlet flush across her cheeks. She was badly shocked, he realized. He thought he might have rendered her speechless until she squeaked out a hasty, “Yes sir,” before hurrying away.
Sherlock ushered John into his chair in their room, and then dragged the chair from the dressing table to sit in front of him. He asked John to recount again how he had covered his steps, going over the sequence of events one more time. John repeated that he had copied everything Mary would have done - leaving the dinghy on the buoy, the cottage door locked. Moriarty had knocked on John’s bedroom door once he’d returned, but John hadn’t opened it.
“You’re thinking,” Sherlock said, poking their head out from under their arm. “It’s painful to watch. What is it?”
There were slits along the cock, not unlike the gills along Sherlock’s neck, which formed a lattice pattern. The cock when fully aroused appeared almost floral, like leaves stacked in layers that blossomed out from Sherlock’s skin. When John lowered his hand to run over it lightly, the fluid collecting at the edges of the slits released from the slight pressure, slicking John’s palm in Sherlock’s naturally produced lubricant. Sherlock’s hips had stopped their rotating. Sherlock was also staring down at where John’s hand was still resting, wrapped loosely around their cock.
“And God, Sherlock how on earth did you stand being in there with him?” John asks, derailing them unintentionally.  The thought of Sherlock lying side by side with that creep for an entire day makes his skin crawl.
Sebastian’s criticism still rankled him, though. “I preferred Nice, is all,” he said, in his defence.
“Is the master of Manderley a doctor?” the coast guard joked, obviously doubting John had done any such thing.
“While trying to conceal that you murdered your wife, you not only invited a man who solves murder mysteries for a hobby into your home, you went so far as to marry him.”
He called for Gladstone, and pulled on his new coat. It was a particular favourite of his in look and feel, especially when the collar was pulled up against the wind.
“You said it yourself,” Sherlock eventually replied. “The bots aren’t doing anything of use here. What does it matter if I take this one apart for a bit of fun?”
“Gladstone,” he called, rotating in a quick circle, but there was no sign of him around the beach. John and him began to call and whistle while walking along the shore, but Gladstone did not come. John kept glancing at the mouth of the cove where the waves continually broke hard against the jagged rocks.
John felt his chest expand, barely realizing he’d been holding his breath, which he then released in a sigh of relief.
Would John even be in his room, he wondered. Of course he would, John always avoided the early breakfast crowd. He was breathing hard by the time he arrived at the correct floor, which in combination with his hand coiled into a tight fist banging on the door made quite a lot of noise in the quiet hallway.
“John,” Sherlock said, scrubbing his hands in the basin. “We’ve already discussed it. I’m happy to do it. Unless you’re unsure…?”
He felt awful. He was a mess, and he hated John seeing him like this, and yet, also would have hated to find John absent. Sherlock had woken in hospital enough times without being watched over by John Watson, and found this change vastly preferable. There was no one to lean over him to sing threatening lullabies, or to caress his hands and threaten the unimaginable.
This second ‘something’ was a striking man wearing an ill-fitting suit and a sardonic expression walking across a Monte Carlo hotel sitting room toward him. John hadn’t felt much of anything in a long time, so the immediate spark of interest came as a surprise. But then, he had always possessed an eye for the clever, gorgeous ones -- whether he could swing it with them or not.
John poured out two fingers of the scotch he had splurged on last week and, after a healthy sip, found himself a bit curious about the guide, from a technical standpoint. While he didn’t want to arouse his patients, there might be new tips for how to increase their comfort hidden in the linked file. John wouldn’t want his arrogance, if he had any left, to get in the way of that.
ending that John had wanted to change, and he was still stuck. Physical distance was almost as bad as reading the words on the page.
A soldier nearest to him made a grab for his elbow, but he never made contact, as John swung out, hitting him squarely in the arm with his cane.
“Sorry to interrupt the good work you’ve been doing, but my client wanted to know what you might do with a demanding, bratty man who didn’t have any manners?” John asked, the tongue in cheek question quite possibly giving him away. John listened to the silence intently.
Romantic and a doctor, a soldier doctor, and pleasantly handsome – he must be taken. Did he have a wife? Maybe a husband? No, no, there was no wedding ring on his left hand, stupid to even wonder, and why did it matter?
By the end of the Captain’s speech, his attention had fully moved to John, who had at last dropped his hand from his face, and nodded. John’s face was drawn tight, lined and tired.
There would be time for sorting that mess later, and time for him and John after that. Years and years of it, till this would all seem like a distant dream, a flash in the pan. A strange time when they’d been silly, and awful things had kept them apart.
“Mr Watson,” Lady Irene greeted in her false insipid tone, only her eyes giving away her immediate understanding of his lack costume. “To what do I owe the pleasure?”
The implication he saw now was two-fold: not only that he had seduced and entrapped John, but that John also only wanted him for one thing. He imagined this would become a recurring theme of their future lives together; people mistaking the nature of the “service” that John wanted from him to justify having married him so suddenly.
“I have no issue with waiting Mr Watson.” Magnussen’s quiet voice drifted towards him, in contrast to the alarm he felt in the other man’s presence. “Besides, I had promised you another visit, hadn’t I?”
John must have agreed, for he took hold of his arm. “I know we’ve just had a walk, but what would you say to another?”
He knew he wanted John to do those things again like in the other dream, and he wanted him to hold him and kiss him like in the car. At this thought, John reached for him and pulled him forward till their bodies were flush against one another. He was being pressed against John, front to front. John was warm and
The fog had drifted through the windows now, smelling of salt and seaweed, the kind of brackish damp that clings to everything. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d slept, he was so tired, but there was something, something, he had to do -
That had of course been the state of things, to the best of his knowledge, when he’d first arrived. Mary’s ghost no longer clung to him, as long as he remembered John loved him. The old version of himself would have wondered if John had wanted to be alone at Mary’s burial for sentimentality. Sherlock needed to remember that John was a private person, and that he sometimes needed to do things his own way. But then, old habits did die hard.
John reviewing letters reminded him of his own - a solitary letter received from his brother in light of the news of his recent nuptials. His brother had been particularly odious in his sentiments. Certainly no offer of congratulations.
“John,” Sherlock said, when John had just reached the door. “I can make you a pair of seven league boots. You don’t need to take the customers’.”
Without further comment, Sherlock twirled away and dashed up the stairs by the entrance. Which he then, slowly, returned back down. “Are you coming?”
Ella might have scrawled “trust issues” into her little black book on John’s last visit, but she would have been surprised to learn that all it took to gain John Watson’s trust was chat messaging about a prostate guide every day for a week. Or, at least, enough trust for John to agree to meet said chat messenger from the internet, in the flesh. It was enough to make a man feel young again.
“The chance isn’t gone, John,” he insisted, willing himself to return to the moment, to be present, to
The henchmen, still holding the poles of the palanquin, began to condense. Their fine clothes and trappings fell to the ground as they turned to black ooze, and surged up into the Witch’s white dress. With a snap from within her pocket, they were sucked in, with no trace of them left but the masks on the pavement.
John ad-libbed. With the view he had in front him, it wasn’t much of a stretch for John’s imagination to put himself in that exact position. At John’s height, if he was leaning against the edge of the desk, that mouth would be in easy reach.
“What did you think was going to happen?” John asked seriously, turning on his side to look at Sherlock more directly. “What were you afraid of?”
In one swift motion, Sherlock stood from the bed. John took a step away from him, back against the open door. Once he was certain he had John’s full attention, Sherlock began to shift.
Upon entering the sitting room directly off the main entrance hall, they were greeted by a lively dog, who was clearly fond of John as it jumped on him in enthusiasm. Unsurprisingly, John began to dote on it.
“I’m pretty sure you know I’m not the type of person to try to be funny at breakfast,” John said. “If anything, I can be badly tempered. The choice is still yours. Go to America with Wilkes, or come home to Manderley. With me,” he said tapping the table with his hand in emphasis, and now looked at him fully, directly. That honest blue-eyed stare. But how honest was it, really?
“Ready when you are, Mr Watson,” John said, when his shoulder was exposed. With Sherlock known as 'Mr Holmes' to the public, John had taken to calling him by his married title at home. John had initially meant it as a little joke - but after seeing from Sherlock's flushed face the effect it had on him that first time, John had become enamoured with saying
John heard the train coming before the black smoke rose past his window. When nothing could be seen out of the window but exhaust, the woman lifted herself onto the window ledge, and fell backward out of it, through the glass.
While he might be in love with John, what exactly was John’s angle? An affluent man grieving for his beautiful and sophisticated wife, and he was meant to believe John wanted to marry him? A juvenile man with no social connections beyond his own brother?
“Oh, God,” Watson said, reaching to put his arm around him where the jacket was wrapped, and pulled him to his side. He laid his own head against Watson’s shoulder, as it only seemed natural.
“It can’t be avoided, yes, we’re aware,” Sherlock responded, before biting his tongue. “Thank you for all you’ve done,” he added graciously.
Sherlock had made them both so preoccupied with the prospect of John’s demise that John was woefully unprepared for considering the possibility of Sherlock’s. It was perhaps for the best that John wasn’t driving, as he might have run them off the road in his haste. Barclay was a very competent driver, and held up well in the face of John’s panicked urging to go faster, faster, damn you man! John might have been an idiot to let Sherlock out of his sight at all, but even he knew where there was smoke, there was fire, and where there was fire, there was Sherlock.
“It is my fault as well,” Stamford admitted. “I should have told you what it was. I shouldn’t have kept even this small of a secret from you.”
And that's all folks. Hopefully this is what the person who asked for it was interested in - I seem to have ended up going from start to finish lol As always, thanks for reading <3
“This is Mr Magnussen, sir. Would you care to stay for tea?” Moriarty inquired, his posture perfect, and his tone airy.
John nodded with a grave expression, as if that had all made sense. John took the misshapen paper star from Archie’s hand, and inspected it.
Something that duck did not know was that the peacock had once been an ugly duckling. Once upon a time, the ugly duckling was caught in Serbia by poachers. They chained up his wings so he couldn’t fly back to that duck he had lied to. They threatened to pluck his feathers, but they needn’t have bothered. When he returned, his gift would not be as special as it once was. The duck had seen other feathers, and was no longer impressed by his.
“They’ve turned themselves into monsters for the war effort,” Sherlock explained. “Well, when I say ‘war effort.’’’
Once he had filled several vials, he remembered he wasn’t alone. Watson had not disturbed him in his work at all, which he appreciated. Watson did not seem to overly mind being ignored. He had wandered away from the car, limping much closer to the edge of the cliff.
John supposed he could have kicked up more of a fuss, maybe demanded to get sent back after a more reasonable period of time. He might have, if not for the relentless boredom of living on the company’s main base. Not to mention all of his clothes were already folded and packed.
“That’d be a bit sad, yeah,” John replied, mouth lifting back into its earlier smile, and Sherlock’s slowly responding in kind.
But John’s heart was racing from more than just the prospect of driving the scouter; if he’d been sent out to identify the cause of the repeated damages, John had a feeling he was about to discover just that.
John’s inquiries about the black segment of the wheel had never been answered, but he doubted that it led to shops, regardless.
Just like the time many weeks ago in that exact room, Sherlock’s mouth met John’s at the beginning of him forming a word, and moved against his as if attempting to guide him through completing the sound.
Opening the bathroom door was another struggle, requiring three tries as John’s hand slipped on the knob. Once inside, John deposited Sherlock onto the toilet lid, where he slumped over and would have fallen to the floor if not for John holding him up with one hand, as he turned the taps over the bath with the other.
He sat in John’s armchair, curling his feet up beneath him. He steepled his hands together, and closed his eyes. He had never felt more ill.
John would have found this disconcerting, but he was a bit distracted by the fact that Sherlock was not wearing a shirt underneath his dressing gown, and an enticing patch of skin had just become visible. John wondered briefly if that had been planned, seeing as his fondness for Sherlock’s neck had in fact been discussed in the second line of the third paragraph of his unpublished blog post.
“I’ll kill him,” John whispered hoarsely, his nose pressed into Sherlock’s curled fringe. A thrill ran through Sherlock at the rageful protectiveness contained in those three words, excited despite knowing that was a terrible, terrible idea.
> I never really answered your question, but you told me about your name and age, and that’s not how the barter system was meant to work, so. I answered you.
He knew Watson was just trying to make conversation with a taciturn younger man, but he was still stunned by his request. He pretended his lap was exceptionally interesting for a moment while he gathered his thoughts. His father was special to him in a way he wasn’t certain he could articulate.  He didn’t know how to resurrect the man over lunch in a dining room to a stranger in Monte Carlo.
Sherlock grabbed ahold of John and sprinted towards the greenhouse, and out the other side to a landing. John attempted to close the door behind himself, but the Witch, and oddly the bulldog, followed after them.
The curve of Watson’s lips indicated he would not be cross, before he said it aloud. "Not at all. As in all things, I trust your judgment."
Wilkes might have taken more offence to the parting remark, if he hadn’t been so shocked by the abrupt departure.
The next several minutes passed awkwardly. Gladstone had come in to keep them company at least, and he pet the dog’s ears as they waited. It was something that had become a habit for him when he wanted to avoid conversation. If John was going to be cross with him for his carelessness, he wasn’t going to invite it.
The letter in question was a message from a woman in Florida, whom Mike Stamford had met during his Palm Beach vacation. Stamford, the delightful man, had advertised his newly made acquaintance’s skill at puzzling out mysteries to the dame. She had written to ask for his aid with respect to her husband, as she didn’t quite know where else to turn, and was looking for a creative problem solver with an interest in crime. The problem itself was asinine - drug cartel, possible double homicide, etc. - but he had never been more glad for a case. Respite from his boredom could not have come too soon.
“You didn’t have to say it. You didn’t like them.” Sherlock declared this, as if it was only a matter of fact.
He said nothing in return, and finally fled to the outer corridor. He went down the stairs without thought, all his focus on finding his way to his own rooms in the East wing.
“Why would I?” John responded, causing the Colonel to eye him again with curiosity. Sherlock cursed John’s natural edginess, which would otherwise have delighted him.
This would have been more than enough for him, being filled by John, his senses completely attuned to him, but John, brilliant John, slid his right leg in and pressed it in between his open thighs. Sherlock groaned around John’s cock, which he could tell John liked very much, and began to rut against the offered leg. He was grinding in time to his swallowing of John’s cock and John was repeating his name, over and over, as if invoking a deity. He felt John’s hands in his hair tug at his head, trying to pull him off. But he would have none of it, continuing to move his mouth over John, tonguing at his slit till John’s come flooded his mouth and John said his name one last time.
“Oh, it’s all old hat now. I’ve got the records in the office. Besides, Manderley is a sight to see decked out for the ball, and the whole county comes,” Lestrade replied. “And Mr Watson won’t be too taxed. All you need to worry about is receiving the guests and dancing.”
“You’re extraordinary,” John stated, as if it were a fact of nature, undeniable. “You wouldn’t just ‘fit in’ anywhere. Everyone will always find you fascinating.”
He did not go back to the party. He couldn’t understand how the event could even continue, after that display of insensitivity and ensuing awkwardness, something he was usually the one to blame for.
Alone in his room, he set out to ‘obsess over the obituaries’ as Wilkes had put it. If there was a suspicious death of some kind in the papers, he could distract himself from the lingering secondhand disgrace he still felt. He refused to think of how awkward and uncultured he must have seemed to Watson, a truly competent and self-assured man.
With signals that mixed, John returned to his bedsit more confused than on his first day of med school. Opening his laptop, John typed into the search bar, “How to tell if someone’s been flirting with you for a week. Also, how to tell if someone just took you on a date. Except for the part where they don’t think romantic partners are good for people.”
He could allow Wilkes the satisfaction, seeing as he had successfully kept something much more important a secret from him.
John was not in an obliging mood. “Almost half of patients who come into emergency with cocaine toxicity get admitted,” John said, putting the cup back on its tray. “Plus, everything else that was on that list.”
While John had known what to expect, his blood still boiled at the sight of a suited man holding something akin to an electric prod against Sherlock’s bare throat, with the man’s other hand clasped tightly over Sherlock’s mouth.
In contrast, Captain Watson was in the process of positioning himself to the right of the door, where he would not be in line of sight. Sherlock went to join him, knocking elbows in his haste.
Out of the corner of his mouth, John whispered, “Sherlock…?” and the dog barked. John’s spirits lifted a bit after that.
John kissed Sherlock with his wet mouth while continuing to get himself off, his movements fast and uncoordinated. Sherlock was still so close to him that, by accident, John rubbed briefly against Sherlock’s still hard cock. Sherlock gasped, and finally managed to use their additional arms to pull John back against them, both of them moaning as their cocks made contact.
His curiosity about The Man on the train starts off like an itch in the back of his throat. The kind of itch that is likely the omen of something worse yet to come, but he’s still well in denial about the oncoming illness. Sherlock never intends to leave the flat for anything below a six, and yet he finds himself compulsively taking the tube every day.
John trailed off, but the implication was still clear. “God, no,” Sherlock grimaced. “You needn’t worry John. That’s not really my area.”
We can’t keep meeting like this, John says. This is when they usually start to meet again, the other little thems. What Sherlock always wants now is the story. He just needs to remember what he learned about the ugly duckling.
-girlfriend, Michaela.” John laughed, covering his face with his hand, hoping they wouldn’t have to dwell on her for too much longer. “Mike, as we called her. Mike Stamford. She was an old friend from uni, but I promise I won’t be seeing much of her any more.”
They joined Stamford in the room across the hall, causing him to jump near to three feet in the air when they opened the door. “Apologies Mr Stamford,” Sherlock said, while twisting his head to look about the room. No one else had arrived, nor had anyone else been in before them only to get cold feet and leave before their scheduled meeting.
The visitors would enter the morning room or library, depending on the time of day, and always said the same lines, as if speaking from a script.
“Brilliant, yeah, that’s your best one yet,” John said, lowering his finger. “Your reflection Sherlock. You have one.”
“I’ve come to say goodbye. We’re going to New York, leaving Monte Carlo this morning. All of our things are already packed and in the car, and I just thought I should say goodbye beforehand. And so, this is me doing just that.” The words came out stiff and awkward. The same could be said for his posture.
Sherlock breathed out, and opened the door. John was partially sitting up in the tub, watching him enter with a small smile. There was a wash cloth over his left shoulder, covering where Sherlock knew there to be a scar. He wondered if John had placed it there specifically for when he came in.
“Not that - though yes, also that – but Sherlock she hasn’t met me before,” John insisted, before turning to the lady in question. “You’re quite right Mrs Davis, don’t let him alarm you.”
“No,” Sherlock said, eyes boring into John’s, making John feel as if he were meant to be taking far more away from the explanation than he was. “I suspected the culprit was much closer to home and told her so earlier today, but she refused to believe me. I understand people prefer these sorts of accusations with more proof behind them.”
Going for a pint. Boring. John probably wasn’t even really interested in that, hence why he never responded in the comments section. He probably pretended to be interested. He probably pretended to be normal, ordinary, when really his jumpers were hiding something extremely extraordinary. His friends probably resented him, partially due to his disinterest in them, but mainly due to knowing. Knowing he was something else.
Sherlock’s lips were still in contact with John’s cheek, and he pulled back slightly to speak. The numbness of the shock was beginning to recede and he was able to think again - something he hadn’t been doing enough of lately, or too much of, depending on one’s perspective. He had certainly overthought the fancy dress ball to disastrous results.
—clinical, detailed, intelligent, but also sensitive, and a bit oblivious. Someone knowledgeable in sexual technique, but who also required that their emotional needs be met. It was...cute, in a way.
“Where are you going?” John called after them. The Hudson was a decent sized ship, but there weren’t that many areas that were comfortable to lounge in. So where was Sherlock off to then?
The ocean ran down channel beyond the headland, meaning the wind would have needed to come down suddenly from over the hill to knock a boat over, even if it was a little one. It was possible, he supposed. But then, how was that risk allowed? Did the boat maker not account for the conditions of the area when selling a boat to the Watsons of Manderley?
Sherlock—apparently—concluded. On that note, Sherlock’s hand reached out towards his laptop, and by extension John, as he abruptly ended the call.
Speaking to the back of Sherlock’s perfectly coiffed head, John continued, “You do realise that your email included no details beyond where we were meeting?”
“Go to the other door!” he cried, and Watson, trusting him implicitly, launched towards the exit furthest from the shouting. He followed closely on his heels.
then - poor master hadn’t left his room in days, but he would go. No one could stop him. Not even Lestrade.”
It started to rain sometime after John left, but even over the sound of it against the window, he could still hear when a car arrived. He didn’t bother to make a fool of himself peering out the library window to see who it was. The sound of its tires against the wet gravel was more than enough to identify that it wasn’t John returning. It was bold of him to drive up the house, this time around, but Sherlock should have suspected it for this confrontation.
“It’s a very charming room, and I’m sure I’ll be comfortable,” he said, hoping to end this little discussion. Perhaps because he hated not having the last word he emphasized, “I understand it’s been done up for our return. It’s just how I would like it.”
John’s mouth quirked up at the side. Sherlock never could remember Lestrade’s name. John thought out his reply carefully. Better to answer the first question rather than the second.
If you read the first three chapters and are now here,.... actually I guess this whole fic must be like this so you already know the deal.
“Irene,” John introduced, as if he had not just learned her name minutes before. “She’ll be… staying with us.”
“More for me,” the man murmured, before pressing a wet open-mouthed kiss to the back of his hand. When the man’s lips didn’t leave his skin after a full five seconds, he ripped his hand back, wishing he’d never extended it.
“Oh? And what do you want, then?” Sherlock’s hands were folded in his lap, concealing himself, as if now embarrassed. That, more than any gesture, made John’s heart swell.
He wasn’t entirely sure what to make of that. John was aware that the service sometimes got weirdo callers. He also knew it was well within his rights to request that the client put on some clothes before going any further, and that other interpreters would have likely passed the call off right away.
“Oh, you’re up,” he says nonchalantly, but John is more than capable of seeing through these things now.
“It was very different of course when the late Mrs Watson was alive,” Moriarty said, meandering about the room, and running his hand lightly along the wood panel at the foot of his and John’s bed.
To John’s eye, nothing happened. He wondered if Sherlock had just been bluffing, until a minute later when alarm bells sounded in the distance, and the flapping along the side of the ship came to a halt.
“For God’s sake, do anything but!” he cried in a disgruntled huff, which apparently John found quite amusing judging by his quiet laughter. There, that was much better.
“If you would let me make my full statement sir, you’d understand that there would be much more required than what you’re suggesting.”
Next to him on the floor is a dog with curly dark hair and the scarf he’d removed from Sherlock’s neck last night.
Moriarty bent down for the slippers beneath the chair, and forced his hands into them. The man was smiling, truly manic now. He was staring at him still, always watching his face.
John knows he’s being mocked, but it’s the kind of joke that makes him feel in on it. They’re lying under a new duvet. It’s long enough to drape over the end of the bed, but Sherlock’s toes are between his thighs any way.
John moaned and ceased discouraging him, instead slipping his hands back into Sherlock’s hair. It wasn’t to push or to pull, just to gently cradle his head. It took him a moment to work his lips around the substantial size of it, but he soon adjusted and set about taking in as much of John as he could, using his hand to make up for whatever he couldn’t accomodate. He had to pull off almost immediately to avoid gagging, but John hardly seemed to mind as he took his time. When he returned to his task he began to set a rhythm, sliding his mouth down over John’s flesh and up again, moving his hand in synchrony, with John’s hands in his hair lightly guiding his head back and forth. With the feeling of John’s hard length in his mouth and the sound of John’s moans in his ears, he repeated to himself, in utter and complete awe,
“Now we just wait for the star to fall!” Archie declared. He then untied the scarecrow, and raced through the mud, forgetting about stars entirely.
Murray continued to search through the file, reading it carefully to himself first before speaking. “If that’s the case,” Murray said, “I remember a Mrs Moriarty quite well in fact. I saw her on more than one occasion.” Murray continued scanning the documents in an effort to clarify the details.
“None whatsoever,” John said. That seemed strange in and of itself, but Sherlock had to agree that no answer was better than hedging a guess to lead them off his own trail. What was more or less suspicious? He wasn’t sure he had the objectivity any more to be sure.
“You were there weren’t you?” David asked, pressing in. “You peered in at the window, and you saw John Watson with Mary. You saw him.”
He sat to work on writing replies on the Manderley letterhead, finally having been replaced with new stock, with Mr S. Watson printed in the corner. While bored to tears, he wanted to appear occupied when his company arrived. As predicted, two knocks sounded at the door shortly.
“And you stayed?” The words came out before Sherlock could prevent the hateful neediness from making itself known.
“I know it’s a bit of a raw deal, but hey, at least you get the Hudson! She’s well stocked I hear, meant for a much bigger job that got delayed. And the ship’s all ready to go.”
The proclamation was followed by a slight dip forming in Sherlock’s chin, with the lower lip turning out into a pout. Just like when he had been texting him, John found himself wanting to laugh.
“John, there’s something I’d like your... input on. No matter how long I’ve thought on it, the answer still remains somewhat unclear to me.” Sherlock spoke in a hushed tone, which was at odds with the formality of the request.
At his blank stare, John dropped his paper. “Oh my God!” John laughed, as if he was unable to contain himself. “You really don’t, do you? But the two of you are always talking!”
Sherlock moved to stand in front of the fire, and briefly thought on his own sibling’s reactions. The papers would have told him more than enough, and Lestrade must have also written to him. He imagined Mycroft reading the headlines while lounging at his silent club, and his eyes rolling skyward at how his baby brother could never stay out of trouble. While Sherlock hated to admit it, Mycroft was the smarter of the two of them, which likely meant he actually did know who had killed Mary. In that case however, his lack of interest in Sherlock’s husband having a history of offing his spouses was patently odd. Either Mycroft had learned to be less oppressive (doubtful), or he supposed John would be locked up soon enough. Not much of an ally for helping John escape the noose.
John’s eyes couldn’t decide where to settle on the strange collection of objects. There was wood, brick, stone, pulleys, and who knew what else, all amassed together. Two metal legs with three-pronged feet, which the amalgamation had perhaps once stood on, were splayed out, one sticking up in the air.
Watson’s expression lightened considerably, for which he was glad. Watson was still worried, but about what? “What do you mean to ask about by my condition? What condition?”
“No, you’re not. Which is why I am loyal to you, and why you’re much more than an audience,” Sherlock said, voice quiet. “I couldn’t do the work now without you.”
John’s foot hit the edge of the pink lady’s suitcase that the Met must have forgotten to confiscate, forcing John to remember the evening’s events. The events before the frankly
“Oh! You considered it, didn’t you?” Moriarty asked, his voice loud in the stuffy air of the long-preserved room. “Oh, I know you - It’d be a treat for you, wouldn’t it? You’ve been so good for so long. The best high for the worst low.”
It had only just occurred to Sherlock that this was a bit embarrassing, and maybe rather telling. He flushed (though only
“Because you will be. Very harshly judged. Just take the chocolate ones,” John said with a wink. “Show me you’re human.”
Sherlock couldn’t look at John. He stared only at the builder, watching the man who held their future happiness in life in his hands. They were doomed, and all for a boating business in Kerrith.
He had prepared additional impressive observations, but found that they had all promptly left his head. Acceptance and praise for his usually derided talent was so out of the ordinary, he wasn’t quite sure what to say. He was afraid if he tried to speak, only gibberish would come tumbling out. Foolish things like ‘never stop looking at me like that’ and ‘do you know you smile when you’re angry?’ and ‘let’s have dinner.’ Had they only just had breakfast?
With three final circular movements of his hips, the man’s whole body stilled, and then shook. In a hoarse, deep voice that sounded punched from his lungs, the man shouted,
John had fallen asleep with his front pressed warmly up against a long, thin back, but by the next morning he is empty handed. There is, however, a cup of tea and the day’s newspaper laid out on the bedside table.
At that, Sherlock finally raised his gaze, and stared right at John. Pointed, observing his reaction. John’s own dumpling stopped half-way towards his mouth.
“Watson, give the man a cigar, and seat him by the fire,” he said, lighting a match. “Let’s start our acquaintance afresh, Mr Sampson. Prepare to tell me everything you know.”
He had lost feeling in the arm that Moriarty was holding. He suspected he would find a bruise there later. Moriarty never stopped grinning.
The slam of a door and the pounding of feet (heavier on the left, carrying milk) up seventeen steps (creak on the fourth) confirmed he had been right to relegate himself to the bedroom.
Lashing out in anger was his last defence –  John didn’t know what was to be done, and so John was clearly doing what John thought he wanted! How dare John know of his feelings before he himself had, and how dare he,
Though, he could have been wrong about that. John knew what he liked (which in this case wasn't having his prostate massaged, and definitely not by a casual fling), and it didn't mean he was getting it from someone. After reading SH's guide, John could admit he was far more interested in being the massager (masseuse?) himself, especially if that was how his hypothetical partner would react to it.
“You’re just going to deny the accusations then,” Sherlock surmised, looking straight ahead. There were too many factors. He could never account for all of them. How much the note itself divulged. How convincing Mary’s lover would be. How much Colonel Barclay currently suspected, or was capable of suspecting.
When he didn’t immediately answer, the phone buzzed in his hand another three times in rapid succession—alarmingly quick, considering the length of each message.
He would have agonized over those thoughts for longer, but continued to be interrupted by Wilkes. “Where the hell have you been?” Wilkes asked, while wildly gesturing at the incoming staff, directing them about the room in preparation. “We’ll need at least three buckets of ice, delivered in exactly two hours – Oh, God, put the glassware to the side! – Have you honestly been playing tennis this whole time?”
He could feel Moriarty’s breath on his face as the man whispered, “I was ready to show it to you every day. You had only to ask me.”
Sherlock then reached down and grabbed John’s hand, returning it to where it had been groping him before.
With the grate firmly beneath his feet again, the man promptly made a dash for it. John watched him escape, thankfully without comment – though this was to be short-lived.
“You’re the improbable one,” John insisted. “As I just mentioned, up until a few weeks ago you were a book character. To me, at least.”
“Sherlock Holmes,” John clarified, struggling to keep his eyes open. A look of confusion passed over Bill’s face.
“How did—? The book, of course,” John said, a part of him regretting that this situation didn’t allow Sherlock to do much showing off of his talent.
, might have backed out from the actual confrontation at the last minute - but, there was to be no such luck. They met David’s car at the agreed upon crossroads soon after. David appeared grim through his windshield, deadset in his belief, and waved them on ahead. John gripped the steering wheel harder at the sight of him, and Sherlock pressed a hand to John’s knee for the rest of the long trip. The length of the drive was helpful incidentally, as Sherlock had much to think on.
“Sincerity," he scoffed. "I assume you mean my brutal honesty. Do you think people find it sincere, being married in a hurry in Monte Carlo, and being alone there in that hotel beforehand? But, perhaps you don't count that?”
John feels Sherlock’s attention on him momentarily, but when he glances at him quizzically, Sherlock has already turned away.
If Watson had been about to say anything he was unsuccessful, as Wilkes cut in to inform him that Mr Watson was joining them for coffee, and would he go and ask a waiter for the third cup?
“So, how’d you do it?” John asked, his curiosity from earlier only growing during their trip to the flat. It was fitting that despite fancying himself rather mysterious with his texts about the case, in the end it was still Sherlock who had made the truly impossible deduction.
Colonel Barclay appeared more than a little skeptical. If only his outlook would stay that way. As the Colonel read the note, his dour expression remained unchanged.
“I’m shaking in my seat,” the Royal Wizard—Mycroft—said, who looked only pitying. “Sherlock, nothing I say will do any harm. And whatever you think those organs you have are accomplishing, you’d be better off—”
John is feeling for the edge and pulling the wallpaper away from it completely. The door obviously hinges inwards, to open it he has to do is find where the knob had once been–
Sherlock looked up, startled. They were sitting at their cluttered dining table—a hat box with an alarming smell to his left, and a 1816 painting of two gentlemen riding in the countryside to his right. Their plates had been cleared long ago, and Watson sat across from him, as always, eyeing him with curiosity.
“Oh no. No, no, no. You can’t be serious. You honestly want me to meet with the Royal Wizard for you?”
, his mind supplied, and the shiver that ran through Sherlock’s frame made John feel as if they had shared the same thought.
Once before going out on an errand in Kingsbury, John had teased Sherlock about his draped sleeves, and Sherlock had responded by turning his back to John, and looking over his shoulder expectantly. John had taken the hint, sliding the coat from Sherlock’s shoulders, and easing his arms into the jacket. Afterward, John had made sure to pop the collar of the coat, the way Sherlock liked to wear it. If John’s hands lingered along the neck of the coat, Sherlock didn’t comment, and John couldn’t help but think of what a fine figure Sherlock cut in the pink and grey coat, with the ruffled white shirt underneath, with just enough exposed throat to make John’s own throat feel dry.
John climbed back in. He had already well learned that when Sherlock said jump, he jumped. And when Sherlock said ‘drive into unknown territory on a planet in the depths of space with me’ John just simply—well, did.
John laughed. There was a warm feeling in his gut where the booze had settled, and he was enjoying himself, speaking to this odd person. Honesty came easier like this, with a bit of a buzz, and with someone he liked. It was beyond bizarre, really. John didn’t get on with people easily. He had a tendency to rub them up the wrong way, in fact.
The moment was broken by Lestrade entering the library with a servant in a tow. He pretended that he had been reaching for a log to throw on the fire, and thanked them for bringing the tea in.
“John?” Sherlock asked, uncertainty coming through in his tone rather than his intended imperiousness.
“You mean, you can tell a person’s secrets just from looking at them?” Watson asked, while licking his lips again.
Sherlock’s hands were still on him, and the top of Sherlock’s coveralls was still off, bunched around their waist. John wondered how desperate for contact a man had to be to interpret being touched through a suit as sensual.
“Oh don’t worry about that. After he attacked you, he used an animal tranquilizer on me that he’d stolen from the fridge. Remember our Dr Davenshaw and her unusual pet owner habits? I was out for most of the day and only came to a bit before you arrived on the scene. I pretended to still be out when in the space with him, of course.”
Once they were outside of Manderley once more, Sherlock caught John’s eye, hoping to silently communicate their largest concern. Sherlock leaned forward to whisper in his ear. “I can judge from your expression, but don’t leave me in suspense - was there any evidence of the bullet at all?”
John’s first attempt at entertaining him on a rainy day inside was with card games for two, which didn’t go quite as well as John might have hoped. (He couldn’t help it if the games all had rules that were
He was facing John again, cheeks flushed from exertion, but otherwise his controlled expression was quickly returning. John thought about the come drying on the man’s stomach, and how soon it would start sticking to the sheet.
As John had known to expect, Sherlock was no longer on board. John carried on to the ship’s center hallway to the bridge where the in-ship Hudson bot was waiting for him, and appeared well enough at least to nag him. “Oh, the two of you running in and out, and letting these alarms go on and on!”
John needed to be patient, as he was still attempting to push through the cotton padding the inside of his skull. Slowly, as he moved aside each piece, the short time he’d spent in Monte Carlo in the other man’s presence played out in revealing segments. Desiring John’s praise, attention, his company. Wanting John to look at him and laugh with him. The distress he felt at John thinking ill of him. His dreams about John, a John who either forgot him or adored him. One he feared, and the other he desired. Not to mention, the nature of the dream he’d had the previous night… It all painted a very telling picture.
John’s shyness was somewhat uncharacteristic, but there was something unsettling about Sherlock seeing him like that while he was unaware. John knew he didn’t have anything to be ashamed of, quite the opposite really, but wasn’t sure if an alien would have any appreciation for that.
“Oh, God,” John said. He had expected John to maybe turn and discretely make a face at him about what sounded to be a petty dispute. Instead, John sounded rather genuinely distressed.
“Old Watson was good at that, when he was able. Though, I guess you wouldn’t know,” he said, pausing meaningfully, before continuing. “- seeing as you don’t have long hair.”
He would look the part of John’s husband, even if it was something he’d never done before. John seemed slightly surprised, but continued his smiling and departing pleasantries. They were talking about their grandmother. He hoped they would actually leave soon.
They’d had a nasty run in with some of London’s finest, and were now a bit stuck. Trapped, really. The details weren’t important. And it hadn’t been his fault, to be clear.
Whatever it was that had grabbed him didn’t break through his protective suit, which John counted as a positive. On the down side, John was unable to escape the restraint.
Her explanation was cut off by a palace guard, who while passing by the open door to the study, caught sight of Sherlock. “It’s the defectors, Wizard Holmes and the Witch of Belgravia! They’re  attacking the Royal Wizard!”
“Wrong,” Sherlock said simply, hands steepling beneath his chin in his signature, book-certified pose. “Though speaking of your name, what does the ‘H’ stand for?”
“What a slap in the eye I must be to them,” he repeated. “I suppose that's why you married me, you knew I was young, inexperienced, not to mention a misanthrope, anti-social and rude and avoidant, so that there would never be any harmful gossip about me.”
John walks through the living room to peer down the connecting hallway, which extends past the other entrance to the kitchen, a door on the left, likely leading to a washroom, and an open door at the end that looks like another bedroom.
John took one step, and they zipped past patchy grass into more—well, grass. John took another step, and almost launched them straight into a barnhouse. Another step, and John’s foot landed deep in mud.
John felt like a third wheel, an outsider to a conversation being had over his head. Mrs Hudson watched on anxiously, and the dog at John’s feet began to whine.
“John, hi,” Molly said, sounding apologetic, which only made John feel worse. “I know you just passed this one off to me, but….”
When the dust settled he was no longer on a road, but in front of the portrait of the Captain in the art gallery. And, once more, it was really John in the painting, wearing the Captain’s clothes and appearing in the same pose. He watched and waited for John to climb from the painting and come to him as he had before, but this time he remained firmly still as paint on a canvas.
“I didn’t mean to imply that, you know I - you must know that I -” John paused, and didn’t continue. John apparently would not be finishing that train of thought.
He moved to his wardrobe as if in a dream. He removed the blond wig and dropped it to the floor. His hair would be a disaster from being kept beneath it. Wig net hair. Next went the white suit jacket, and then the trousers. The dress shirt was fine, but he removed it anyway. He would replace it with another plain white shirt that John hadn’t almost fainted at the sight of.
Magnussen tsked. “Perhaps you really don’t understand, Mr Watson. What does an old house matter to you, once you’ve been hanged?”
He passed through the door he had often eyed from afar at the head of the stairs to find himself looking down a long corridor. As he had assumed from judgments made from the outside of the house, it was similar to the East wing. Or it would have been, if not for the dark paneling along its walls and its wider, grander size. As he passed to the other side of the door he realized his usual shadow, Gladstone, would not follow after him.
“Good evening, Mr Moriarty,” the Colonel said, “I’m afraid I will need to interview you on a sensitive subject, namely your previous mistress. To your knowledge, what was the relationship between the late Mrs Watson and this man here?” he asked, gesturing to David.
He transformed with his newly acquired energy, and flew out the barred window of the cellar, leaving John behind.
He would have preferred prison. There was a cold lump in his belly that felt like it was only growing, possibly contracted from the same heavy feeling in his chest.
“I’d love to,” John replies, a hint of laughter in his words. “I just need to get my cane from wherever it went.”
If the Colonel and John had not been present, Sherlock would have made David sorely regret his decision to come into their home at all. As it was...
Sherlock was thankful his faculties had fully returned to him, otherwise his gears wouldn’t already be turning over how to protect John from the outside forces that would try to pull them apart.
“Because Angelo called earlier asking if I’d forgotten a cane outside the restaurant. He thought maybe it was one of my props. The length he described fits your height exactly.”
Sherlock did, a bit. He remembered being given benzodiazepines, as John had said, in lieu of being physically restrained. Perhaps that at least was a plus, though it had never been his drug of choice. “I’m not at risk for seizures and I’m fine now, so why don’t we—” He looked around; there had been more people with them before. “Where is Mary?”
The dog at John’s side rushed forward to the floating chair, and while John expected the worse, Sherlock only sat on his haunches at the man’s feet. One of the men with slicked back hair approached him, giving the bulldog a treat on his way out.
“You told me I couldn’t blame you for being like this,” John said, tapping the other armrest with his index finger. “Sort of suggests there’s someone to blame.”
“No lackeys to take your calls? How forward-thinking,” Sherlock began, rather than bothering with pleasantries.
farther than the ones Master Holmes was selling before. They’re more like fifty-seven league boots.”
He at first let John set the pace, with languid movements and soft kisses, but when it became clear it would not be nearly enough, he began pumping his hips in time with John’s downstroke. His breath came out in pants and small groans, but he was far past the point of caring about making noise. John lying close to him every night and never touching him, the sheets smelling of him, John kissing him that very day and then leaving him behind. It had all caught up to him and was boiling over into a hot and heady need, which he was unable to resist when he was half-awake, and half-mad with want.
John sighed and, lifting his fist to his mouth, did a half-hearted jerking motion while poking his tongue against the side of his cheek.
“Nothing, of course.” John smiled at him playfully, and he liked that quite a bit, even if John thought he’d worked something out.
Sherlock grimaced, but the legs did come. Sherlock’s left leg spun out with the motion, crossing over his right thigh once he had settled.
John tries to breathe in deeply and struggles. They are standing in an unsettling little room with nothing in it, in the dark, and John can barely breathe in this house. A voice in his head won’t stop repeating the last time something disappeared in this house, it turned up dead.
John continued to hug him, tucking his chin on the top of his head. He had to bend himself to manage it, but he didn’t care. Reluctantly, he pulled back from John’s neck to speak clearly. It was important John saw his face, that John saw he was serious.
“It could very well be,” Watson conceded. “Both of them in it together was my guess. Only, you then implied it was Sampson acting alone.”
Sherlock was beginning to experience whiplash. While the cocaine remained in his system, he supposed there were only more such visions to come. At least here was John, his John, whose moral code might just extend to areas he had not yet dreamt of entertaining. Was John so wholly on his side?
The only trouble with the lack of conversation was his mind wandering, and once they were in the car Wilkes’ words from the night previous came to his mind unbidden. The accusation that he had been too forward in their conversation, and suddenly he interpreted the quiet in the car quite differently.
“Proof?” David asked. “Well, what proof would you need? Watson punched my associate in the face I might mention!”
“I've never for one moment regretted marrying you. Do you understand, John?” John felt guilty, for whatever reason. John believed he’d done him some kind of disservice. He had to convince him otherwise. John had to understand.
“I’ll be direct, so as to not waste your time Colonel,” David began, with an attempt at a strong voice. “I have reason to believe that the verdict given at the inquest is not correct, and I also have the evidence to prove it.”
“Yes, I’ve told all of them that while the Misseurs Watson appreciate the interest in their well-being during this difficult time, you would not be receiving calls for at least the next several days.”
John let a beat of silence pass before bursting into more of his signature unrestrained high giggles. And Sherlock Holmes joined him.
“Great,” John said. “You know, maybe if you ever told me what we were doing, this would happen less.”
John also had no idea how to respond, as the man had answered his own question. Luckily, the man continued on his own with short, disjointed gestures.
, this, which had been so obvious to everyone else whom had ever seen them together? “I barely ever even speak to Geoffrey if I can help it! I gave him permission to write letters to my brother on my status, and sometimes made a show of reviewing them. And at other times, it was to ask things I couldn’t ask you. How could I ask you about Mary and what happened, when I believed you thought of nothing but your grief for her loss?”
“Harry,” John said with exaggerated pleasantness, “a pleasure to have you as always. And you, Clara.”
“You said, earlier,” Sherlock explained, speaking more softly than they had been before. “That I never think about how I affect… people. Haven’t I already involved you enough?”
Must they. Tedious. He wore his new suits and a forced smile, knowing that if he attempted too much conversation he would be unable to suppress his ruder comments. They each had their own part to play in the performance, and his was that of the docile new husband. And no one could accuse him of not being a good actor.
The only downside of this being that Sherlock was assisted from the courtroom, and taken to a small waiting room at the station. He would now not have any idea what was happening, and instead of living through the twists he would have to wait for the end of it. Sherlock then regretted his choice of action bitterly. What if, even after his great effort to distract him, John was still asked the question, and lied terribly? What if now John was being cross examined and making himself out to be the murderer? Who else would anyone suspect, given the circumstances?
“Oh I never dress up, the one advantage of being the host,” John said, rocking back on his heels. “However, I’m sure whatever you end up choosing will be the talk of the night - probably something incredibly posh.”
John and his ready-to-pack folded shirts returned to 221B (where else?), but with Sherlock still in hospital John was on his own. He hadn’t been alone in 221B since. Well.
“She used her housekeeper’s name,” the Colonel provided as way of explanation to the Doctor. John stared ahead, face ashen. Sherlock felt his numbness begin to recede, fear replacing it, slipping in through the cracks in his armour.
Sherlock’s back bent lower as he drew in the dirt with increased vigour, and John felt compelled to avert his eyes from the castle’s unmoving legs.
“Fine, fine,” Sherlock agreed, pushing the paper back into the drawer. “But we can’t go up to the room just yet. We’re meant to be having tea in the library at this time. Or, is it stranger to upkeep rituals, to carry on as if nothing has happened?”
And so John did. Sherlock, to his credit, was surprisingly patient with John’s bizarre explanation of growing up reading books about Sherlock Holmes, and the events leading up to Sherlock’s death in the last book.
Sherlock swept past John and the fireplace, heading for the table. With his arms stretched out over the wood, Sherlock unfolded the slip of paper. At once, it turned to smoke in his fingers, and the sound of a woman moaning echoed through the room.
John’s animalistic reactions paused for a moment, as if something had just occurred to him. “That first time Magnussen came here, while I was away in London,” John said slowly, speaking that man’s name with particular venom, “did anything...? Did he...?”
A slow smile spread across Sherlock’s face, and they turned onto their stomach and arched their back.
He attempted to steer Harry and himself away from the midst of the dance floor to allow them a modicum of privacy, but this was to little effect. Her words were hardly fair, but he was wracked with guilt by them all the same.
John considered, as his last possible option, contacting Sherlock’s overbearing, overprotective, and fairly rubbish older brother Mycroft. If Mycroft Holmes thought Sherlock was in danger, Sherlock would be put under strict supervision. This would however backfire spectacularly on John, by having himself meet the same fate. More likely than not, he’d get his head kicked in for knowing too much about Mycroft’s baby brother.
Dinner passed in similar fare, with vapid conversation, and adequate food that he barely ate. Women attempted to engage him in dinner conversation, which he avoided with a lifetime of developed deftness. His host and hostess didn’t call on him to speak, or draw attention to his profession, thankfully.
“I'm very fond of Manderley,” he replied tightly, staring straight ahead where he knew Magnussen’s car was covered. He would show Magnussen out, and would not respond more than necessary to any comments.
John grabs onto Sherlock and begins to lift, pushing him upwards. Sherlock is able to climb the ladder with his hands behind his back if John supports him, lightly touching his sides. John has never been more relieved to touch another a human being in his life.
“There’s much more than just that. That’s only the first in a string of things that will all point back to me. If they’ve found the boat, I haven’t any hope,” John said. John’s expression didn’t betray fear any more, only resignation. So brave, in the face of what John believed was the inevitable.
“You’ll regret covering for a murderer you know,” David directed at Sherlock, as he donned his hat, put off by his perceived ill treatment. “Your life story in the papers won’t be very pleasant for you. My associate will make sure of that.”
John, and as instantly as John had wanted them, was tipping their kissing over into open, desperate presses of mouth to mouth. Sherlock received and responded to each kiss with nothing less than enthusiasm, and each time John licked past the seam of Sherlock’s lips, he was distantly aware of Sherlock’s gills fluttering against their neck as they drew in gasping breaths.
John was greeted by a thick fog, and the living scarecrow perched on one of the castle’s extended metal chicken legs, which almost gave John a heart attack when it jumped down.
Perhaps his comment was foolish? But Watson’s eyes were brighter than they had been a moment ago, and his lips twitched in a facsimile of a smile. He decided Watson was amused, if not also self-deprecating.
John’s progress about the party was interrupted by Wilkes banging on his glass with a knife, causing everyone to quiet around him.
“I promise you I won’t let that happen,” John said. “But I can’t give in to him on this. It would never stop. He would have power over us, forever. Do you understand what he was really asking me for? What he would have eventually asked for as part of his sick little trade?”
He needn’t have bothered, as the alien’s focus then shifted to John’s leg, and the leg brace newly reattached to his upper thigh and calf. They made an inquisitive sound, which John noted was entirely different from any previous noise they had made.
Sherlock proceeded to critique all aspects of the film—from the storyline to the acting, even the projector quality—despite never having seen one before. This sort of behaviour would have normally driven John mad, but John found himself laughing at half of Sherlock’s remarks, or shaking his head ruefully. His discouragement of Sherlock talking during the film ended up not being particularly discouraging, and so Sherlock continued with fervour.
At this, some of the concoction Sherlock was mixing escaped over the lip of the bowl, splashing onto the table.
They have an entire conversation silently just reaching for each other’s arms, gripping their forearms loosely.
“I—well. As you may have noticed John, there are some parallels between us, and how we thought of each other’s characters,” Sherlock explained, his breathlessness and parted lips at odds with the imperiousness of the words.
,” Sherlock groaned, dragging the tormented man back onto the fire escape. “Do not humour him with that nickname. But do give him at least a tenner.”
“Now, of course,” Irene continued, “all the pictures would work fine as costumes, but the real show stopper is the one with the brother and sister. The two siblings dressed all in white? You could even get a wig. I think you could pull of blond.”
As if in a daze, John’s childhood figure walked towards him, through a milling crowd of police officers. Lestrade tried to intercept him, but Sherlock disposed of him with a wave of the orange blanket around his shoulders, and bizarrely, with eyes never leaving John’s face.
Anderson was holding fishing line, which he then pressed to his chest, as if he expected it to be taken from him. The man immediately made to run.
The grin that snuck across Sherlock’s face gave John the impression he was doing rather well. “Yes,” Sherlock replied, looking at John out of the corner of his eye, “typically, ten more.”
“Maybe!” Archie said, cheered by the prospect. “But Master Holmes never lets me near his vanity potions.”
That evening they retreated to their room much earlier than usual, as if shutting themselves up in their wing would hold off the inevitable arrival of the magistrate at their home the next day. Once locked away from the prying eyes of the servants however, they easily fell into their recently created habits.
John’s face flushing in anger gave him away. “Oh, right! Do you honestly think you have the moral upper hand on me right now?”
In the tea saucer, carefully placed next to the cup, is a red dianthus. John can’t tell if he should be disturbed or touched. Regardless of what he should be, a wide smile has creeped all the way across his face.
Sherlock began to grow optimistic that they would never discuss his feeding habits ever again. Except, of course, then there was a case.
The presence of their enemies was a momentary distraction before the actual ordeal began. John hadn’t been wrong in thinking the inquest would be quite a long time, and a boring one at that. Better boring than interesting in this case, however. The Captain was the first to give evidence, mostly related to how the boat was found, and then the diver, providing similar details. Sherlock held his breath when it was the doctor’s turn, concerned that maybe there had been evidence of foul play on the body after all, but even his testimony passed without incident. Next up was John, and after him, the man who had renovated the boat.
Now, where were we? John says. That’s how he always starts. As if the story never ends, so much as it waits to be continued.
John asked the question, and then checked the time. It was still early evening, meaning the opportunity to intervene was still on the table.
Crossing her legs, and leaning her chin on her hand, she said, “As you well know, you already have one. Though I doubt you know the extent of it.”
“Or maybe all in black, with the white collar? I think a priest might suit you,” she murmured, shifting her look between John and himself. Now it was his turn to shoot her a look, though he had to admit, she was astute.
Had Sherlock intended for him to sleep somewhere else now? He should have asked while they’d been together by the fire, but getting up to find out now seemed silly. After all, every time he’d attempted to discuss the bed situation, Sherlock shrugged him off.
Wilkes had at least three almost meltdowns, the worst being at fifteen minutes prior (wrong wine, wrong tablecloth, etc.), but had his dreadful grin firmly in place when the first guests began to wander in.
“That won’t matter much soon, as there won’t be a business at all any more.” The Royal Wizard’s small, tight smile spoke of politeness, while his eyes were apathetic.
“Well, it’s your life. So, fine, do whatever -” John stumbled, retreating into the hallway, and closing the door behind him so hard it rattled the frame.
This quickly changed when he felt the tip of John’s tongue lick at the seam of his lips, before sliding into his mouth. His knees went weak, and he leaned fully into John’s one-armed embrace. He had forgotten about the rain, which had started to come down harder, and John’s inability to stand without aid.
“Mr Watson, I presume,” the man said crisply, with mild amusement. Now that he could hear him better, he could tell without a doubt that the accent was Danish.
As John navigated the streets of Kingsbury, his resentment of Sherlock and his disguises only grew. He had an old man’s legs, which made the trip much more tiring than it would have been otherwise.
“Us not being... intimate, before I knew about Mary. This was part of it, wasn’t it?” Sherlock asked, already knowing the answer. John would never have been able to remove his shirt in front of him without explanation.
“You said you could see things about people. That you could know things about them, see right through them,” Watson stated.
“If you don’t mind John, I’m just finishing up in here,” Sherlock said, as if they didn’t mind in the slightest that John had walked in on a rather private moment.
“I wonder, is it Harry who rubs you up the wrong way, or me?” he asked with vindictiveness, and the last bit of energy he had left. Before John could respond, he turned on his heel and walked out.
“I’m just thinking, would a sociopath be doing this sort of thing in the first place? High functioning or otherwise?” John said, motioning to the partially dangling street criminal.
John was also too entranced with Sherlock telling the man in the back of the cab “Welcome to London”, when it turned out to be the wrong man, to control himself. To be specific, John giggled out loud.
He climbed back onto the bed, oil in hand. He wondered if he should now hand the bottle over to John, or when would be the appropriate time for this pass-off? Was lying down on the towel too much? Whereas not a moment before he’d been in a rush, he was now becoming painfully aware of himself, sitting on his knees on the bedspread, requiring so much preparation. That small part of him that always plagued him with self doubt came back in a flash, unhelpfully pointing out that sleeping with Mary wouldn’t have required pre-planning, and any ruining of the mood…
