Mycroft had clearly missed the entire conversation and Greg sighed. He used the government official’s loosened tie and pulled him to his knees, then he took the seat Mycroft had been forced to vacate. He brought the kneeling sub’s head to his thigh and gently ran his hand through his thinning hair.
“You can sit on the bed now, pet, don’t want you mucking your trousers up now, do we?”
Sherlock swallowed everything that John gave him, gripping his Dom's hips tight. When the doctor finally pulled out, Sherlock rested his forehead against his abdomen, smiling and pleased.
“So what’s going to happen?” the Dom asked patiently, but with a touch of steel in his voice.
The clover clamps gripped both brothers tightly and didn't offer to slip. Sherlock looked down, trying to hide his tears of pain.
Sherlock frowned. "Not yours specifically, sir, but I grew up in a household full of staff. They learn to blend in. I learned to ignore them."
This is a little shorter than usual but I loved where the chapter ended too much
"Maybe I don't want to."
After a moment he got compliance and he pressed down over the table with an order to keep still.
John nodded and the Superintendent dragged him along to fetch Mycroft.
"Sir-"
“Sure thing, boss.”
As the DI searched for his own mobile Mycroft was looking out of the window, still on his knees. His Dom would give him permission when he was to send out his minions on a search party.
Sherlock laughed. "No. We're on holiday, you moron. We're on holiday and I'm bored."
"Do I need to check you've not actually drugged my coffee, Doctor Watson?"
Sherlock grabbed Finn by the ankles, then he ran around the room making airplane noises before settling carefully to the floor.
“Are you going to act like a brat if I continue this scene?”
Mycroft folded his arms and stared at his oblivious baby brother. "My weakness is you, little brother."
"I think you'll find I'm very much not deaf and if I was you I would get my arse out of the cupboard." John felt the tension rising. Over the last few days, he had assumed Sherlock would at least try and stay out of trouble. To be purposely impolite... that was too much for even his leniency.
Mycroft grunted as he steadied himself.
He would have spat at her if he could have done. Instead, he closed his eyes, refusing to look at her.
“He runs off, John. It happens.”
"This is designed to make you think about everything, boy. I want you thinking through every single thing before you do it. Maybe then you'll stop making stupid choices."
"Dirty fingers?" Sherlock offered.
"He is both of those things and insufferable and a prat and-"
A member of female staff appeared, a switch, "what can I get for you Doctor Watson?"
His anger wasn’t dwindling at the thought of John’s it was making him worse. He yelped as John grabbed his arm and twisted it up his back, forcing him to double over. He then grunted as the doctor used his position to his advantage and forced him back through the door. Sherlock grunted, but not just through pain, through irritance too.
“Why?”
The brothers were shoved roughly to their knees.
“Ah, then, yes.”
"I am not working today."
“I mean... I need to make a phone call, sir. Please.”
Mycroft smiled and nodded. “Yes, sir.”
The landlady ducked her head and then bustled out of the flat.
Sherlock's head snapped up at that.
“No-one else will die, though, and I believe they call that a result,” he was smiling to himself. Perfect result in fact.
The doctor turned around to face him and looked at him for a while. "We're going to go back to the beginning, like a regular couple. If you want to play, you have to earn the privilege."
“Yes, boy?”
That was quick,
Sherlock was expecting John to step back but instead the doctor just hugged him again. “I've wanted to ask for a long time, babe, it was clear that day was a bit of a… mission. And recently, the time has never been right to remind you.”
He sighed and dropped his head. “I’m sorry, sir.”
She nodded, but looked just as worried. "You always come back hurt. I don't like it. Don't get hurt this time."
Amy clapped and helped him mix them up into a hopeless mess.
“He didn’t,” the boy countered immediately and Greg saw some of the old Sherlock back in that act alone, it had been quick and snapped and almost definitely not thought through. He raised an unimpressed eyebrow at the younger man and Sherlock looked away. Even so, he couldn’t believe the fact that he was sticking up for his brother, something he had never seen him do when Panic hadn’t been involved. He was definitely going to tell Mycroft this little fact, hopefully he would take it the right way and treasure it for the sentiment it was and not use it to hold over his baby brother’s head.
“Kneel,” came one quiet word.
"Uncle Myc!" Finn clapped. "Will he be there too? And Uncle Greg?"
"No, sir."
“How’s the case going?” He tried to engage the younger man in conversation, well aware he would have deduced who else was in the flat without opening his eyes. “Well?”
"Sorry, sir," the government official said quickly. It wasn't that he would mind the pinwheel. It was the fact his Dom would surely tease him with it, then not let him come.
“Why?” The doctor had to stop himself from stamping his foot, that was something Sherlock would do.
When they reached the lake there, were 2 ducks on it, John was most surprised. Sherlock had to stop himself from chasing them like a child.
Mycroft thrashed for a moment, but he caught sight of his sister and realised she was happy.
“Yes, sir,” he said hurriedly.
“Day time.”
The worse part was not knowing John wasn’t there but not only that… when he had gone. This was bad. Very bad. How long ago did he disappear? They had been running… together, away from the cab and suddenly he was running on his own.
Sherlock was on the edge of Panic and John couldn’t figure out why.
Irene walked over to Sherlock and grabbed him by the handcuffs and dragged him to the centre of the room. "Guards! I want this man recuffed so that he's hanging from the ceiling."
“Alright, Greg? Would you tell me what happened to Seb?”
"Well my boy clearly wants something harder in his hole than my fingers. But he certainly doesn't deserve my cock." John removed his fingers altogether. "I don't imagine you have anything I could use that fits with the jungle theme?" he asked the Superintendent.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered up to meet his Dom’s. “It’s me, pet. Not that dick from Uni. I’m not going to do anything we haven’t previously agreed to and I certainly won’t do anything further if you safe word.”
Mycroft glanced across at him in slight shock, but pride as well.
“Oh, bud you shouldn't do that. You'll hurt yourself.”
It took him a moment to know what he wanted his phone for, but when he decided, it was a matter of seconds before he flicked through the details in his phone to find his call log. He noted the number that had last been used. It was the one from the pink lady's case across the flat. Scowling down at it, wondering how the hell a dead lady got his number, he jumped across to messages. He read through the most recent one. After that, it was time to involve his sub.
“What did they talk about?”
"Hmm… maybe after a difficult day at work. Or a bad case." He sat up straight and extricated his feet from Mycroft's grasp. "That's enough, boy. Go sit by Greg." He thought Sherlock had behaved quite well, so he decided to give him a small treat. "Sherlock, come lay your head in my lap."
“Ha ha,” the blond said dryly. “I was just thinking.. actually Greg mentioned it… Bloody hell. There's a little girl they can't place. He asked if we'd consider taking her in.”
Everything else fell away from his awareness but the cock in his mouth and the sounds the Dom made. Greg loved those sounds and he wanted to hear more of them.
“What was that punishment for then, boy?”
After a moment, he managed to go and John pulled him away from the toilet, far rougher than was probably needed, but he knew he deserved it. It had just taken a few hours for it to sink in. He was glad to be gagged. He was sure in the last hour or so he would have made things far worse for himself if he hadn't been. He hoped that one of the reasons John had chosen to gag him was for that very reason.
“I know, sir. I’m Sorry, sir,” Sherlock repeated. “But it’s kind of shot up a lot in the last few hours.”
At 5 past 7 he knocked briefly and opened his sub’s bedroom door, ready for the inevitable argument, to find Sherlock sat up, arms folded across his chest so that he looked like a sulking toddler. He even had his bottom lip out in a pout. Well he was a little younger than a teenager today then.
Greg turned back to the two kneeling Doms after watching John engulf the younger man in a comforting hug. This time he wasn’t angry at a mere Dom trying out his luck with a passing sub, he was furious because these two shits were part of the reason his sub’s brother had been in pieces no more than a month ago.
“I'll be keeping a gag nearby, but for now…” he touched the cuffs and they separated. “You can get dressed.”
“So why am I here? Get his Dom instead.”
John smacked his hands down on his legs and got to his feet.
"Yes! No." Sherlock looked frustrated. "Not yet. But given enough time, I'm sure I'll figure it out."
"Every failure to address me correctly from this point on will result in 5 instant strikes with my strap. I was getting slack, I apologise. You'll have 15 with the strap when we are done with our tea."
Greg stepped forward and waved his shoe under Sherlock’s curls. His head snapped up and he winked guiltily, “He won’t be long, Greg, I’m sure.”
John pulled him near and hugged him. "You're impossible." As he pulled Sherlock splashed in the water, eyes wide as he covered John. "Don't look so panicked babe, it's only water." With that, John sat down, the water washing up to his chest..  The next wave washed him over and Sherlock bent over to help him up only for the Dom to pull him down on top of him. Sherlock fell face first into the water.
"No," he held a finger up to stop the boy from moving. "I need to check your leg properly. No more kneeling on it."
Sherlock nodded and pushed himself to his feet, he saw John trying to do the same and he held his hand out. The Dom smiled his thanks, rather proud of him, he was sure this was a different side of Sherlock from the DI’s point of view.
Finn didn't know what to say. He looked up the beach towards where his grandad has settled next to Mrs Hudson. "Why?"
At that, the younger of the four flushed bright red.
“As I was saying,” Greg carried on after clipping him on the back of the head again and tugging his leash sharply. “It is Mycroft’s actions whilst outside of Panic which he apologised for.”
"Mm, John." The detective moved closer and rested his head on his boyfriend's shoulder.
Mycroft stopped licking his ice cream which he knew was driving the DI mad when he noticed Sherlock watching him. “Gregory, why is my brother staring at you?”
The detective stood up obediently and waited by John’s chair.
"Mycroft, will you hurry up and bloody eat that, you're… distracting me," Greg complained.
“I don't know, sir. And I really hate not knowing.”
“She won't lose her job, will she?” There was nothing he wanted more than to walk onto a crime scene with Sherlock, no Donovan in sight. Although, walking onto a crime scene with Donovan stood at the side watching Sherlock walk around it like he owned it rather than her would be rather satisfying too.“
"If I do, sir, I'm scared he'll run off."
“See? No-one ever thinks about the cabbie. It’s like you’re invisible. Just the back of a head. Proper advantage for a serial killer.”
“Is he ok?”
The government official cut him off by whacking the back of his head.
He watched the blond set himself up in the corner and began moving around the lab to gather his tools.
Sherlock pouted. "I'm not running away. It's just… that there, with the gulls, it's rare."
John chuckled and tapped his thigh. The lean legs in front of him spread enough for him to manipulate the cage and remove it. He dropped it on the unit by the side of the bed. “Face down then, my boy,” the Dom ordered.
Sherlock's head snapped up and he stared at him.
Beta read by sherlockian4evr
Sherlock thought for a moment. “You made me kneel to eat.”
"Your fault," Sherlock sulked.
. 10.17MB
“Sorry, sir,” the Dom wasn't surprised at Sherlock offering an apology immediately, but he was surprised at the need for it. When it came to respect, Sherlock was much improved these days, trouble or no trouble.
"Ta." John grinned right back. "It's about time, isn't it?"
“Well done, for talking, pet. I won’t ask you anything else right now.” John was amazed that just talking about it seemed to have Sherlock skitter around the edge of Panic rather than jumping head first into it.
“What?” John straightened up immediately, his hands balling into fists. Before Greg realised what had happened he had taken off towards CID.
Sherlock moved across the room to his brother and glanced at the cuffs. "I can't get them off you, they are too tight now."
The doctor could feel the sensations of his master's hand begin to overwhelm him, he was sure Sherlock could feel the throbbing in his cock, it seemed to be rhythmically pulsing under his hand.
“I invited him for tea, I thought he would want to see how you were doing, but more importantly discuss a few things. Especially after last week’s escapade.” John now knew that Sherlock saw the government official for the protective big brother he was rather than an interfering hinderance he had seen him as before.
"They're fine," Greg assured him. "It's quiet. I think that's a good sign."
He knew the outcome of this. He was sure he had known the outcome when he'd got out of the cab in the yard.
When no safeword was forecoming, John let the paddle fall, three times in quick succession to grab the boy's attention.
Sherlock’s eyes snapped up towards the older man in annoyance, but John could stop him moving too much by tugging on the rope, embedding the hook further into the brat’s arse.
John sighed and cupped his cheek. "You know that is the most ridiculous thing you've ever said."
"Weight those chains."
"Nope."
"You bloody idiot," Mycroft grumbled as he was grabbed by the hair and his head yanked back. In seconds a rather space invading size dildo was pressed to his lips.
"You had your chance."
"You would say that."
It has come to the point in this story where the people who like it outweigh the people who don't. For that reason I intend to carry on, as I have said in previous chapters, but for the haters let me make this perfectly clear.
Sherlock’s customary glare was back. John couldn’t work out why the show of defiance in him was so amusing. He was a trainer; a professional Dom. He was supposed to crush rebellion in subs, not encourage it or relish it. He assumed it was the challenge this sub posed, but he knew deep down it was more than that and it was only the second day.
"He wants everyone to think he's so scary, but look at him."
Irene started to object, but thought better of it. She nodded. "Of course, Eurus, whatever you wish."
“They're both at the Yard. Waiting for us.l
“Mycie, I’m sorry.” Panic averted, the younger Holmes wanted to explain himself. It had been a massive oversight, but that didn’t mean-
Chuckling softly, he tapped the plug that ran flush with his hole and cleaned his boy up before joining him on the bed.
. 11.7MB
Sherlock stumbled out of the shower and John pinned him down in a towel.
“Me!” came a yell from the door.
He shook his head.
“Um…” he struggled for an explanation that would explain his misdeeds. He doubted he could come up with one good enough at all, let alone in a matter of seconds.
If it was anyone else, Greg would have had him on his knees begging to be forgiven for speaking to him in such a way. Instead, he ran his hand through Sherlock's matted locks.
John dropped his palm down on the detective’s arse, successfully cutting him off. “This was about calming you down. The paddling you’re about to receive is the punishment.” The doctor was most surprised that Sherlock didn’t start thrashing around again, or at least offering some argument.
Mycroft met his eye and winked unnoticed by the two mad women. They could do this. Mycroft hissed in a breath as Irene tugged at his cock again.
"Come here, pet," the Superintendent ordered, pointing at his feet.
He set to work, cleaning Sherlock's cock, specifically the tip with an alcohol swab. As soon as it touched his slit his legs jerked up.
Greg chuckled and patted the detective on the cheek. "What do you get out of being so naughty, anyway?"
John settled himself up against the headboard with a couple of cushions and within seconds the detective's head was buried in his lap, rubbing his face into his trousers.
"I had assumed you'd be done with him by now," Irene continued, "Isn't 3 months usual for you?"
"He's a good boy," Mrs. Hudson said, smiling. She patted John’s shoulder as she passed him, headed down the stairs.
“Why do you seem to think he doesn’t like my job?” John was careful to not change anything the detective was coming out with, despite the fact some of it may have been slightly… off.
“21, boy.”
"Get back in there and apologise, beg on your knees if you have to," he hissed.
“And?”
He nodded. "Yes, sir. That was… unexpected."
"Boy, you should have anticipated this. You know we intend our destination to be a surprise." John tied the blindfold around his boy's head. "There, that's better."
Greg burst out laughing. "You are all over the place." He secured the cuffs in front of him and then forced him down, not caring that it changed the angle of the attacking dildo.
At that, the government official rolled his eyes. It wasn't like this was their first time playing. Not only that, but he was experienced as a Dom, he didn't need to be told such things.
“You're being a sod, so either you cooperate and I'll put you in subspace, or I'll punish you and then put you in subspace.”
Irene pressed the dildo to Sherlock's hole and began to press it in. He hissed at the stretch and burn, it was overwhelming.
Sherlock knelt with a loud thunk as his knees hit the floor. He still didn't say anything, he couldn't, he was holding his breath.
She looked around in a panic. "Don't say that out loud. She'll hear you."
“Fine you'll hurt... you'll hurt Daddy.”
Sherlock sat slumped in front of the desk, the solicitor that Mycroft had sorted sat next to him all upright in a posh suit. He didn't even know his name and didn't care.
“Shut up, Sherlock. I don’t want to hear it!” He barked, making the younger man flinch.
“Will you come?” Greg’s voice was tittering towards hopeful.
Mycroft shrugged, shoved his hands in his pockets and began heading towards the door.
"But, sir-" Sherlock sniffed, wiping his face on his arm.
"Alright, babe?"
Sherlock didn’t look up. “For that very reason, sir.”
When they emerged John had to stop himself from sniggering.
“Could you bloody hurry up and interview him?” John hissed after a while, having completely blocked out the last several minutes.
“Lego.”
John knew this method would be more effective, not just in gaining his trust, but punishing him also.
Elsie appeared at the door almost immediately. “What can I do for you, Doctor Watson?”
"We should use my brothers as decor. You could make lovely sculptures out of them with rope, and we could enjoy a candlelight dinner with them in the background." Eurus danced and twirled around Irene. "Would you do that for me?"
Greg moaned on the bench, trying to get John's attention again.
“Well don’t you look handsome!”
John laughed, glancing at his fellow Dom. "If I'm not, he is even more of a brat, if that is possible."
Mycroft heaved his brother to his feet, spinning him around and twisting his arm up his back. "I'm not about to disappoint Gregory and John." He started marching him towards the chip shop.
He had no idea what or who his brother had spoken about, the way things were going he wouldn't get to know either. He used to love being on his own, but now... now he just missed John, in a way he had promised himself would never happen.
Sherlock closed his eyes, remaining on top of his temper, he had to, he knew this would happen. It always happened. "Of course, mistress."
Sherlock had slipped to the nearest charity shop he could find that was closed then slipped into a different secure alleyway to dress. At least they couldn't find him by his clothes now. It should slow them down. They'd look for his suit, the suit that was now in a large bin.
“No. I’m thinking.”
A guard soon ran up and placed a posture collar in her hand. She quickly swapped out the one he was already wearing for the one the guard had brought her. "Now let's try that again." This time their lips connected, but Sherlock kept his mouth firmly closed.
He squeezed his eyes shut as his arms were pushed further up. "Yes, sir!"
There were several long moments of silence when there was a sudden, “Fuck.”
Sherlock shifted slightly, but otherwise didn’t respond. He seemed to be coming out of Panic, but he wouldn’t be out of it fully for a few more hours, at least that was John’s experience. It very rarely occurred and usually he already knew the cause, but now he needed to know what had forced him into such a defensive mood. Once he knew, the same mistake wouldn’t happen twice and he could begin to bring Sherlock back to the ‘real world’. Panic had been explained to him by a previous sub like it was similar to sub-drop, that was another reason for aftercare. John wondered how often this had happened to his pet and what the consequences were when it did. It didn’t really bear thinking about.
All the boy did was duck his head and apologise.
“Quite right too.” John watched him closely, hoping the sod was beginning to believe John's words.
The doctor nodded once, in relief more than anything else. “You've never heard of her? At all? And know if you lie to me I will punish you.” He meant it. And the punishment would be bloody harsh as well.
“Now, pet.” This time it was an order and the frame of mind Sherlock was in, he wouldn’t argue any further.
Random students wandered around and no one once questioned why he was there. The anonymity was nice. He wondered why Mycroft hadn't come after him. He supposed John hadn't bothered to tell him about the stink bomb.
The detective blinked, seemingly just working out where they were and then he smiled apologetically. “Sorry, sir.” He was speaking to John but looking at the DI.
The blond sighed and leant back against the wall, trying to take the day in. “How did this happen? How could I lose him for 6 hours?”
However, comments also have the power to make an author want to continue. So that is what I am going to do.
The detective had heard his Dom's words, but they really hadn't made much sense to him. All that mattered to him was his close proximity to John, the delightful feel of fingers combing through his hair and the wonderful floaty feeling he was currently experiencing.
one. He hadn’t taken his things away to destroy and he had already offered him the chance to earn it back. The only reason he didn’t have his violin for now was the fact that he had messed up and put his foot in it, like he always did.
Download from
Greg held his sub's hair tightly for several more minutes.
"Yes, sir, for being rude and not addressing you properly." He gave the reason before John had to ask for it.
Half an hour later, John was forcing Sherlock into a completely different suit to the one he was used, it looked like… tweed? Apparently he wanted him to be a ‘respectable young man’. Sherlock just pointed out that as soon as they got to Angelo’s, he'd be on his knees anyway, but that didn’t seem to bother the older man.
“Vienetta?” John asked after a moment. It was clear the detective wasn’t going to continue unassisted and he wanted to change the conversation slightly. He didn’t want to appear to force information out of the younger man. He needed to talk in his own time. When he was ready.
"And yours isn't?"
"Son," Siger said, "I suggest you go ahead and phone your brother with the news. You don't want him learning of it through other means."
John perched on the edge of the bench and ran his hand through Sherlock's curls. "3 weeks ago. That's the way I want things. The way they were 3 weeks ago."
John pulled the control plug free with a bit of leverage and then he moved Sherlock to lower him onto the chair. The dildo was already lubed and the boy's hole was loose enough from the plug to be a smooth yet stretched transition from one to the other.
Finn scrambled across the chair and onto Siger’s lap. Mr. Holmes hugged the little boy, then picked him up and sat him firmly in his booster seat. “You can sit here beside me.”
Realising he hadn’t made his situation any better - he rarely did - Sherlock did the smartest thing he had done all day and fell to his knees, not being able to meet his Dom’s eye.
He knew it would be tough when he opened the door, Sherlock would more than likely resent him for leaving him alone, that’s where he drifted from other subs. Other subs would be apologetic and be after forgiveness; cuddles. Sherlock varied depending on the strength of the punishment, but it needed to be done, this was the second time with Sherlock he had had to reassure himself that the punishment was suitable – justified and not over the top.
Sherlock barely moved as he replied. "Yes, sir."
Greg shook his head. "No, sir. His job is far too stressful. He needs the outlet."
He thought his glance at the door was subtle but John snagged him by a loop on his collar before he could begin to contemplate leaving the room.
"I don't mean like a dog. I mean… in his phone or something."
"Irene, please don't,” Sherlock begged.
John glanced up at him in admiration as he stopped for breath. That had literally come out as fast as water from a tap and yet neither Sherlock, nor Greg seemed at all surprised by it.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. This was the first Dom he could speak to like that. He would have had his arse beaten so bloody with any of his previous Doms. He was so glad he could speak to this one as if they were on the same level, even though he knew that the older man tended to have the upper hand. He was getting used to that idea now. “Being rude, sir? That’s not like you.”
Bring it on.
Greg had moved across the room to find other useful tools they could use on the sod.
"She doesn't mess with our family. She does, we have no reason to keep coming."
John bit the same nipple again, then sat up, straddling Sherlock's thighs. "Come on, let's go clean our teeth, then we can get a shower together."
“Why not?”
The government official huffed. "That is completely different."
"If you hadn't made me wear this I wouldn't have been forced to play in the sand with my brother."
"You need to let him calm down. Mycroft is taking care of him." Greg did a manoeuvre and had Sherlock on the floor, pinned down under him. Greg managed to pin his kicking legs. "Do you think John would really want to deal with you right now? We came here on holiday for Christ sake!"
“Say hello to your brother, Sherlock. Because in 30 seconds you will be saying goodbye.”
The doctor needed more human contact and since Greg was right there, he wrapped himself around him and closed his eyes. He hoped things would be better with Sherlock in the morning.
John had to test a theory. He began to pull his cock from Sherlock's mouth and the detective whined at the loss. "I'm sorry, sir," he whispered when he realised John must have been watching him.
The detective sighed, resigned. “I had a Dom in university. I finished early because I did my degree in 2 years rather than 4. It had absolutely nothing to do with the meltdown in the chemistry wing at Oxford. When I left I met Victor.”
“Something wrong, Doctor Watson?” His driver asked, window rolled down.
Sherlock groaned as the third finger breached him, he wasn’t a stranger to this, he wasn’t even a stranger to this with John as a Dom, but not being able to see or really move properly made it distinctly unusual.
Sherlock and the Army of Ghosts
When the Dom returned he held a notepad, a pencil and a lap tray. He propped his sub up on the arm of the chair - his leg still propped up on pillows - and set the tray over him.
Sherlock didn’t move or even acknowledge that the Dom had spoken. Apparently whatever he was doodling with his finger was a far more important use of his time.
“It’s alright, Sherlock, I believe you. You wouldn’t lie to me, not anymore.” He looked Benjamin up and down. “And the bloody nose?” he nearly looked to Sherlock but the blond Dom intervened.
He briefly wondered what a professional Dom earned for a contract with a sub. Could he become a professional sub, teach Doms how to do it properly? What would John say if he was to ask that?
. 10.68MB
Greg nodded. “Yup. And heavier!”
"Engraved in gold. Maybe I will." John picked up Sherlock's coffee. "Would you like a drink now, trouble?"
"I bet the pair of them wish they were still caged."
All he could think of for the rest of the journey was how he had let John down.
"He didn't tell me," John pointed out. "I figured it out... After."
Before he could do anything, or say anything, the sound of tires screeching was all he could hear, then it disappeared completely. Was he in some sort of warehouse?
“Erm, Sherlock, watch yourself.”
Mycroft snorted, his hand in the kneeling Holmes' curls.
"I said suck!" John snapped, slapping his pet's cheek.
Greg groaned. He was going to die of frustration. It was possible, wasn't it? It had to be.
"You look tired, mate," Greg pointed out.
Eurus walked over to Mycroft. "It's your turn on the stool. Go stand on it big brother."
Groaning, Sherlock lifted his hands to sit on the back of his head. Well there was him changing John's mood and having to raise his hands in the first place.
Sherlock ground his teeth, surprised he was continuing to control himself. Maybe it was the 'girlfriend' comment. The moment Eurus had uttered it, Irene had released Mycroft's cock and taken a step back. It was obvious she was struggling to control herself.
"Am not. I'm gonna have two real daddys. You said so. I heard you say you were gonna dopt me. I know what that means."
They were both panting when John was done, Sherlock was stood glassy eyed, making the blond snort.
. 10.97MB
"Sherlock looks like he's behaving to me," Greg pointed out. "Of course he's floating so high, I'm not sure he could misbehave."
The detective grinned broadly, moving to stand up to walk into the playroom, but John gripped him by his curls tightly. “I did not tell you to move and I certainly did not give you permission to get to your feet in the playroom.”
John had grabbed Sherlock’s glass as well and he filled them both with coke, adding cherry to Sherlock’s.
"We've escaped most of those times and she has another toy now."
“You’re not the first Dom to have me at their beck and call,” Sherlock spat, his voice was full of hatred and his hands had closed tightly into white-knuckled fists.
"Kneel," Greg ordered his own sub as he moved forward with John to drag Sherlock to his feet.
"What do I do with you?" He asked.
Mycroft seemed to understand what Sherlock was thinking because he fell still and looked away. He didn't want to make this even worse for him.
Sherlock groaned.
"No I'm not!"
“Do you fancy adding another one to your tally tonight boy?”
He put his hand on the gear stick, over Greg's.
“I never said that. I’m going to be hard on him, I fear that’s where I’ve been going wrong in recent weeks, I’m not tough enough on him.”
“What's got into him, pet,” Greg asked, running his hand through Mycroft's hair.
“How about we go and get some tea and then head to the den?”
“N-nothing.”
"He wouldn't let me see inside his spaceship," Sherlock said with a pout.
John laughed at that, brushing his index finger under the sub’s chin.
John watched him suspiciously. He hadn’t moved since he’d dropped back to his knees, not even to fidget. He wasn’t even on the cushion anymore. The sub appeared to be resigned to his fate, at least for now, but what had caused it?
Frowning, as he tried to work out what John could possibly want with his clothes, he nodded once. “Yes, sir.”
"Your boy is pretty enough, but he'd look even better gagged," the doctor suggested.
"Bloody hell, John, what did you feed him last night?"
"Over my lap. 3 strikes."
“There’s no need to be rude, dear.”
Mycroft glanced from the Dominatrix to his brother with a worried frown. He didn't like the way Irene looked. She was far too cold and self-contained. "What did Eurus do to you?"
The detective glared at him. "You have no idea what you're talking about."
“Why now? I thought you had a Dom? Not that I believed that for a moment, but…” she had met John Watson again, too much of a coincidence for it not to be true. Something just didn't sit right.
"No, sir," he whispered. "I'm sorry, sir."
Greg looked at him sternly. "Do that if you need to safeword."
"Hands behind your head. But strip first."
Mycroft just rested his forehead in his palm.
“You’re asking me, sir? I thought you were the one in charge?”
Mycroft clamped his mouth shut and dropped his eyes to the floor. He'd had his chance. He could have switched places with Greg if he'd just said yes. Even as the gag was shoved into his mouth and buckled in place, he wondered why he liked it so much.
“Not the murderer, sir, no, sorry.”
“No, sir, no!”
The Dom considered for a moment, then nodded. "Go ahead. We'll watch from here."
“16 boy.”
"No, sir."
“John-” John raised an eyebrow, more in surprise than a threat. Sherlock had never done that before. “Sir,” he tried again. John leant up to kiss him and Sherlock froze.
Tiredly, Mycroft stumbled over and collapsed to his knees at Greg's feet.
Siger kissed his cheek. "No, but you could have fallen. We don't want that either. Your dad is rather high up from the ground."
Irene dropped it, letting it clatter back onto the desk where she had grabbed it. "You're going to learn to be nice to your sister."
“Yes, sir. S’good.”
Photographs had been the last thing on Mycroft's mind. He had been thinking of her so called skills as a dominatrix and how much he didn't want to see them put to use first-hand.
"Not good enough," Greg hissed lowly, his voice still carrying across the room.
For the first time, John caught sight of the tearstained face. With one hand he cupped his cheek and he held the other out, just above Sherlock’s extremely still form. Tentatively the sub’s hand came up and met the doctor’s. John squeezed his grip reassuringly. “Punishment over, Sherlock, time for some cuddles.”
“Well, I am below. You’re in charge.”
Sherlock sighed, feeling guilty - only slightly though. “I’m sorry, sir.”
"You staying in here?" John asked as he shifted Sherlock so he could lift him.
“I do, pet.” He put his hand on the back of his sub’s neck and kissed him quickly. “Downstairs,” he ordered.
John grinned, he knew exactly what the Superintendent meant and he agreed wholeheartedly.
"You used Mycroft?"
"I ’ll be right back,” John told his boy. “Don't go anywhere."
“Shall we go for a walk?”
“Victor used to cane him. Quite badly, it would affect him weeks later. He went to hospital twice about it before I found out.” John collapsed back into his chair in his study, unaware how close the person he searched for was. “He used to cane him on the night, wait for him to settle slightly and beginning to get pain free again and then he would cane him all over again, I don’t know the full extent concerning the length of time this was over, he hasn’t said and I doubt he will. And Wilkes used to keep him locked away. Usually in the bedroom in a cupboard.”
“Hey!” Sherlock yelled.
"I imagine that was a preamble to you saying thank you, right Greggie?"
"'M wake," he repeated.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, getting to his feet. “They’re stupid bloody things anyway! I didn’t ask for them. They don’t matter,” he repeated.
“Bloody hell, pet, slow up a bit, will you?”
“He couldn’t physically force you, boy, you signed it with only me in the room.”
Finn glanced between the two of them. "But..." He looked thoroughly confused then put his hand on Sherlock's and John's belly simultaneously.
Greg pulled a face. "He won't be able to sit for a week."
There was several long moments before eventually Sherlock replied, “screw you!”
"I'm always right."
A further 20 minutes later and John began removing the chains holding him on the chair. He helped ease him up off dildo with an odd slurping sound.
John's head fell back as he groaned, he could feel his cock bouncing off his stomach on every up/down cycle, he had tried to avoid his prostate, but the head of the dildo curved just enough to make avoiding it an impossibility. He squeezed his eyes shut tightly, he couldn't watch Sherlock pleasure himself, he wanted to be doing it, or did he want to be doing it to himself... He tried to stamp his feet in frustration but only rocked the chair.
“See, you can be polite,” John teased. He got the ‘Sherlock’ glare as he had labelled it.
Sherlock jerked at each impact of the floggers. That did nothing whatsoever to relieve the sensations in his arse as the fucking machine kept pounding into him without mercy.
"Sherlock, how do you feel about sleeping in your own room tonight?" John asked after nearly 10 minutes of them being gone. He helped the boy roll back over because he did not look comfortable.
She took one look into the room and sighed, noticing the windows that were open wide, curtains billowing and clearly soaking wet.
He gave his sub half an hour, suspended as he was. He had watched his phone out of the corner of his eyes while drinking tea and chatting with Mycroft. After finding out what he was doing here, neither of them knew what Sherlock had supposedly deduced.
“Mr. Holmes,” a man, Sherlock recognised as the prosecution barrister appeared at the door. “There are things we need to discuss before we begin.”
"Why would John drug you?"
John frowned, he was going to question it but Mycroft had already begun running up the beach. "Well, it looks like they're getting some. Come on, let's catch them up." He started out at a slow jog, Sherlock speeding up to follow him.
The detective wasn’t stupid enough to ignore the threat those words carried. “Yes, sir. I’m sorry.”
"I wonder what it wants."
John took a deep breath, ready to engage his pet when he was still dopey from sleep, he was more likely to answer his questions at this time than any other. “You know what happened with Wilkes a few days ago?”
“Perfectly sound analysis, sir, but I was hoping you’d go deeper.”
“Remove Mr. Annoying from that conveniently placed pole. Leave his hands tied,” he added.
The Dominatrix ran at him in a rage, some of her hair coming loose from its neat arrangement, and started hitting him with the crop in a mad frenzy. Sherlock just stood there and took it, laughing the whole while.
But he wasn't.
“How much did you hear?” he regretted asking the question, he regretted being the first to open his mouth even more.
"I wasn't going anywhere, sir," Sherlock said immediately.
Mycroft ground his teeth together, but that was the only reaction he let Irene have.
“Why are you fighting it, pet?” John’s words interrupted his distractive thoughts.
Sherlock wasn’t listening to the other sub, he was glancing around, taking in their surroundings and whatever they could offer as an answer to whatever had happened here.
“If you’re good, you get to hold my hand whenever you want.”
Mycroft yelped, causing a wave as his hips shifted below the water. That made Greg laugh.
He removed the gag and cupped his cheek, helping to work his jaw.
“No!” Sherlock snapped. “I’m fine. Which is more than can be said for your surveillance!”
Sherlock didn’t know if he wanted the car to speed up or slow down. Both presented a problem. His left knee began bouncing uncontrollably. John rested his hand on Sherlock’s thigh, stilling him.
“Turn around, kneel up in front of me.” The Dom had settled back in a comfortable looking chair. “You’re going to suck me.”
"Good morning, sis," he said, looking up at Eurus. "Did you have a lovely evening with your girlfriend?"
The guard marched over and snapped a leash to each of their collars, tying them both to the cage bars.
The first Sherlock knew of there being no John behind him was when he collided with a random man along a street he wasn’t overly familiar with and the doctor hadn’t been there to witness – to either laugh at him or berate him, he still wasn’t sure he knew John well enough to make that call in a public place. If he'd run into something at home he would most definitely have laughed.
“Writhe all you like, boy, it won't change anything.”
As the detective walked away, the other three men found a place to sit and finished their ice creams.
“You came in here!” Sherlock yelled after him.
“Well, in order to prevent that from happening again you need to talk to me more openly. I’d like to think we’ve established a bond between us now, yes?”
It went straight to voicemail.
John laughed, embarrassed. It wasn't like him to forget to eat. It was even less like him to forget their landlady was about. He had just got caught up in the moment. “Sherlock, Finn, that includes you too. Come have a seat. We have time to eat with Mrs. Hudson before we need to get ready.”
"No, sir. That kind of defeats the point of the holiday in the first place.
John took several deep breaths. "We've been through all of this before."
“You know how they never leave notes?”
“You little munchkin!” Sherlock still had hold of Finn so he shoved him back gently into the wall and blew a raspberry on Finn’s belly.
The detective’s eyes were immediately drawn to the pile of clothes – his old trainers, jeans and t-shirt. He swallowed awkwardly. Why could he never deduce John’s intentions? Even with so much evidence in front of him.
Download from
He immediately got to his feet. "Up you get, Sherlock. Head on back to the apartment, turn the bubbles on in the Jacuzzi and get 4 beers out of the fridge."
Sherlock scoffed. "He? Seriously, that's what you are going to go with? It's an it, not a person."
Sherlock raised his eyes high enough so he could see the other sub. She knelt in a position beside Irene almost proud, but terrified.
“Sir,” he moaned again. “Yours, sir.”
“It does matter! This flat is a mess as it is, stop ruining the curtains.”
Mycroft couldn’t believe this was his little brother, the little brother he had had to physically force to live with him months ago and only then did he get cooperation after promising to keep paying Mrs. Hudson for the flat. He was surprised, the younger sub wasn’t even embarrassed about being submissive; not like he used to be. He had spoken to Gregory and asked him for help when it came to the youngest Holmes, but the Dom struggled to offer any assistance which was beneficial. Sherlock would listen to what he said and obey to a limit as soon as he could work out which orders were just being relayed through the Dom but originated from his brother he just completely ignored them.
"Not a thing," John said, all innocence. "Although we have been watching the Sarah Jane Adventures together. I know he's young, but-" He paused. "You have absolutely no idea what I'm talking about."
“What?”
Finn looked very serious as he thought. “How old is she?”
After a few more moments Greg and Mycroft made a point to talk amongst themselves as John reached out and grabbed Sherlock's hand. "I haven't seen you this relaxed and compliant since just after the Spears case. Don't let Mycroft bring you down."
"Something to say?" She asked with a smile.
Sherlock let out a low whine, but the government official ignored it. Mycroft sucked on his Dom's fingers and licked them, looking up at Greg through his lashes.
"Sorry, sir," he whispered, resting his head on Greg's knee.
"Because you need your attitude adjusting. Greg can you fetch the cage for that," he pointed at Sherlock's cock. "I'm going to tease you stupid with this and then lock it away, how does that sound?"
you for this?” It was an educated guess.
Eurus smiled and nodded. The smile was creepy but she didn't let up on the crop strikes.
Sherlock paused. "I... Yes, sir," he whispered.
“You're going to clear that up, boy!” She ordered.
He spun himself around so his legs moved out of the window and dangled over the edge of the ledge. He peered over to see the drop and it wasn’t as far down as he had predicted. He paused and took a deep breath, just looking around, reflecting. It wasn’t that bad here with John, in fact he could almost say he was enjoying it, if he ignored the punishments and John’s petty polite kneeling by the table routine.
"Eurus," the detective husked out, "please don't." He couldn't bear the thought of Mycroft being restrained so, just for Irene to whip his cock even more.
He sighed yet again, something so frequent that day and instead settled back into the sofa to watch TV again. Without conscious thought, John started stroking down Sherlock's back as far as he could reach. He really didn't know what to do with the sub next, he only knew he had to keep it simple.
Mycroft carried Sherlock up the stairs and settled him on the bed. He quickly got into the pyjamas that had been put out for him, while Sherlock did the same.
The guard turned and snarled at her, but Eurus cleared her throat. "You two, take him to the naughty person room," she ordered pointing at the guard that had been rude to Irene.
"Why don't you tell me?" Mycroft sneered, "you're not in control despite your delusions."
John didn't mind the growls, they felt remarkably good. "Whatever you're doing, Greg, keep it up. Your boy is doing the most delightful things to my cock."
Sherlock didn’t respond, just thrashed in the cuffs again.
The doctor resisted the urge to roll his eyes. “No. When did you last see him?”
“When I saw them, I knew they were nothing like what you wear now. Only what you used to wear.”
John rolled his eyes. "And you couldn't have just told me, like a grown up. You had to act out like a brat. Fine. I'll punish you like the brat you are."
The detective shuffled forward and knelt up, leaning against John’s hip, his hands clasped together behind his back.
"You always played favourites, big brother. You never had enough time for me."
When the detective found John again, he was on his feet.
John sighed. “Oh, my beautiful boy,” he collapsed to his knees between his sub’s legs on the sofa and took his hands in his, being gentle with his left as he had appeared to have sprained it, no doubt caused by the oaf stamping on it. “You have nothing to be sorry for. Nothing.” The boy wouldn’t look at him.
“What else can you give me, Sherlock?” the other Dom asked.
It took a matter of seconds for John to snag the sub's collar and clip the leash on.
"Good. Upstairs with you then."
The doctor just shook his head and wandered towards their bedroom.
After a moment - as if he was considering disobeying - the detective began to suck on his fingers.
“Correct. So what does that mean?”
“PC Roberts, have a car ready in a few minutes. Doctor Watson needs to be taken to the Yard.”
“Mycroft took him, Sherlock,” John answered.
Back at Baker Street, the three youngest were sat on the floor playing with Finn’s Lego set that Mycroft had bought him. It made such a lovely sight that Mrs. Hudson excused herself, her hands fluttering, to make tea lest she start crying from happiness.
“That’s not relevant.”
“But this ... this is what you’re really addicted to, isn't it? You’d do anything… anything at all to stop being bored.
"Mm, sir." He still sounded relaxed despite the pull on his hair.
"But, sir-"
“Yes, sir. He’s always in control. You never see him open and, well, I haven’t seen him cry since we were kids and that was my fault.”
Mycroft lifted Greg's hand and held it. He played with his fingers and knuckles, massaging them. "Are you going to tell me where we're going yet?"
“But that’s… well rather advanced. Sir,” he added, almost like a reminder of some sort.
Sherlock frowned, to which Anderson mimicked him as he breathed in deeply through his nose. “Quite clear.” He nodded once. “And is your wife away for long?”
"No? Don't act like one then."
"Don't act like the subs we are in the middle of punishing."
"Sir, I didn't mean-"
He lay there, groaning and suckling to himself as he felt his orgasm build and deplete before he had a choice.
"I didn't think so," John snapped. He gripped his sub's head by the curls and tugged his head back so the dildo brushed against the back of his boy's throat.
Eurus looked over her shoulder at the guard who was still wielding the crop. "I suppose you can stop now. Mycie looks like he could use a small break."
“No, sir,” Sherlock’s voice was quiet. He wasn’t near subspace, but he was miles away from Panic which John loved. He didn’t like the way it presented itself in any sub, but with Sherlock... it seemed to hit him far harder. He supposed it ran in the family, Mycroft destroyed things when he was in that deep dark place.
“Showing you up in front of Miss Adler, sir.”
"Now bend over," she ordered, pulling the dildo free.
He glanced at his fellow officer. “That is a shame. I apologise for my officer’s attitude. Go and wait in the car,” he added to his sergeant.
John linked his arm into his sub’s who was hiding his hands in his pockets.
Sherlock dropped his head. Back to ‘boy’ again and it wasn’t even said in the same soft, pleased tone he had used earlier.
"I have no idea and, apart from a strictly aesthetic curiosity, I don't care."
Sherlock closed his eyes but ground out, "Yes, mistress?"
“You had me so scared, Sherlock,” the doctor continued. “This is not just punishment, but a warning. I hope it reminds you what I'm here for and what I can do. It is also nothing compared to what Mycroft would do to you if he had been the one to locate you. You have 17 with my hand and then the cane.”
Mycroft just shrugged. "Sherlock, this is weird even by Eurus' standards."
Greg frowned. "Then take it off if it bothers you. I don't want bad associations."
"No, no, sir, I'm sorry for my attitude and stuff, sir," the detective begged.
"Nothing is wrong, sir." He returned his attention to the window, hoping they were nearly at John's so that he could hide away.
"You better get control of them or you'll be swapping places," Eurus ordered the dominatrix.
Finn studied the shell. “But what does it do?”
“That you do, sir,” Sherlock confirmed, but he wasn’t deterred, John was clearly interested.
The Dom proceeded as fast as he could through the spanking and then picked up the strap and hefted it. "Count them, boy."
Sherlock’s eyes widened in horror as he glanced between his Dom and his brother... he had made a massive fuss out of nothing. And got in trouble at the same time.
“It is more the anger that he presented. It has been very difficult for him to get on top of.”
"That we love this so much?" The government official shook his head. "Perhaps if our boyfriends didn't approve, you could convince me that there was, but no."
Sherlock ate another chip, keeping his eyes down. If his brother got himself in trouble, it would be his own fault. He needn't feel guilty about it.
The doctor wasn’t fooled that easily. “Stand up, pet,” he ordered.
"Alright!" Sherlock came away from the window and threw himself down in his chair.
"To be fair, that's all he can do," Mycroft pointed out.
With that John got up and left.
“Kneel up straight!” John barked. “I thought you were more than aware what your present position was.”
“I’ve known him for years. I train the subs that he needs for work. Or I did… before I took you on.”
“Stand.”
The barrister frowned, disapproving, but Finn's presence did what no one else could. It calmed Sherlock instantly.
This was supposed to be the 'fun' bit but it just wouldn't happen, so next time people, probably June after finals
“John!” Sherlock snapped, his annoyance plain to see.
"Fair enough."
“Yes, sir.” Sherlock blushed slightly and ducked his head as John released him.
Sherlock's eyes widened and he tried to thrash, then groaned as his arms were pulled slightly further up his back.
The detective went up on his knees immediately. "Please, mistress, don't hurt him."
"One moment," Eurus ordered and they stepped back.
"Why is it so bouncy?"
“No, what is it?”
John had heard only the last part of what his sub had said, but he had a good idea what the rest might have been. He sighed. His boy’s logic was not wrong. Was it ever?
Things were ok now, weren't they? Sherlock wasn't being difficult, it made a nice change if he was honest, but it was dragging on.
The judge banged his gavel in warning.
Picking Finn up and carrying him under his arm, Sherlock deposited him in a chair at the kitchen table. "It seems we shall be eating after all. Do you need any help John?"
"You don't need to." It was Greg who answered. "If you've come for a case, you're in luck."
“I intend to,” he agreed with a grin.
"But-" Finn bit his lip. "Mummy used to get mad."
“Pet?”
Sherlock’s eyes glistened in amusement. “Maybe you’re right, sir.”
John went to the window and watched as Mycroft climbed into his car.
"You think I'm going to enjoy it?" John's tone was dangerous. "I hate doing this to subs. I bloody hate it. But I do it when it needs doing. Lean over the horse. I will not tell you again."
"Forehead to the floor."
"Babe, what is it?" John asked after a further few minutes of silence.
"Of course you will. You'll either apologise now and beg for the gag, or you'll do it later. I promise you."
"Now!" She screamed, her voice managing to shake. Even gone from the room, Eurus scared her to no end.
The boy's gaze flickered around the room, the dark expansive room. He noted nothing of relevance, nothing that would help him escape or even tell him where they were. This man was clever.
The sub just glared for a moment before he looked around the room, disinterested. He sniffed, before dropping back onto the couch, slouching once again with a rather obvious attempt at ignoring the doctor.
"How about we do a deal. You lay there half an hour. If you can't sleep, wake me up."
The government official let his head fall forward and hit the corner with a thud. He felt like his cock might explode just from being teased.
Eurus turned her attention to the oldest of the Holmes children. "Tell me your opinion as a government official. Should I grant Irene clemency?"
"They have their uses," Irene disagreed. "They're easy to manipulate."
Sherlock immediately let his head fall to John's lap, but he refused to relax into it. He'd stay there for as long as John wanted, but he'd take no pleasure in it.
“I wasn’t sure if you would need it or not?” Greg said with a smirk. Mycroft’s head was bowed low beside him. His ‘transgression’ hadn’t been as bad as Sherlock's, but for the government official, anything out of place these days in a full relationship with a Dom he adored, made him feel guilty for days. It made him much more submissive, also. Specifically around other Doms, even around ones he knew.
“10.”
He took his leash and clipped it to the bench, then used his cuffs to attach his feet to the bench legs.
"It is a big decision," John agreed. He rubbed the little boy's shoulder to wake him up. For some reason, the thought of leaving the little girl any longer than necessary was getting to him.
"Sorry, sir. Truly."
It was the second time since getting dressed that Sherlock had to fight back tears. Just feeling the warmth of John's hand in his made his heart beat faster.
“I don’t want it!” Sherlock growled as he pulled his head away from the piece of pear. John held it out patiently. “I told you you’d eat what I give you.”
"No. N-No orgasm, sir," Sherlock panted.
"Er… sir?" Sherlock called out after a few minutes had passed without anything happening. Well, nothing happening besides being thumped up the arse by the dildo.
John shoved a bowl in front of the little boy and handed him a spoon. "Stir the waffle mix." It was something both Finn and Sherlock would eat and Finn could easily help with. It had become the go to breakfast at 221B. Something all three of them rather enjoyed.
"Stop snivelling like a baby!" Greg snapped harshly. "Grow up. It is never our fault you need punishing Sherlock. If it was our fault you would not be being punished!"
The guards didn't move to obey her.
John held him for a further few minutes, then pushed him back to the floor.
"Still missing it?"
John didn’t trust his sub’s legs so he scooped him up and held him tight. Sherlock whimpered and curled into him. He was much too light for a man of his size, even after eating 3 square meals a day for a week.
"Do I still have to be civil to her?" Sherlock asked his fiancé.
John was pacing up and down by the police tape securing the scene. He was seriously hoping that Sherlock had gone back inside for something and he hadn’t noticed. He had been rather busy after all. He looked around, spotting someone far worse than his sub. Donovan. The argument had come to a halt when John realised Sherlock had gone but she was 30 yards up along the tape, making the Dom assume she had been put back on cordon duty. He really didn’t want to talk to her again, that argument had been quite enough but seeing as Greg was busy inside with the scene and Anderson he couldn’t say he had really been acquainted with anyone else. He was saved the indignity of asking when he saw her coming towards him, which led to her speaking first.
John knew he should interrupt his sub but he was keen to find out how Greg dealt with him, he was frustrated, that was plain to see but he was such a natural Dom it didn’t seem to matter.
John laughed again and hugged his sub. "I'm offering you an orgasm with no catches. You don't have to earn it or anything."
"Well I'm freezing."
Back in the other couple's bedroom, Sherlock had ever so slowly started to relax. Part of the reason was John feeding him. The other part was the loving touches and kisses his Dom bestowed upon him.
“Brilliant. Come along, Kate.”
Sherlock picked him up. “Don’t worry. Uncle Myc is good for something. We'll have those papers completed and signed by the end of the week. Now, let's go get ready for the beach.”
John moved forward and gathered up a bucket and a towel. "If you would do the honours, Greg?"
“Oi,” John grumbled, opening the door again and sliding in beside him. “That was mean.”
"You're not really."
John wanted to get his submissive out of the way of the coppers. Especially Donovan as she decided to jump out of one of the cars and join them.
Sherlock was doing so well…
John was incredibly relieved that the detective was trusting him again, or at least willing to accept comfort. He had stated from day one that comfort would always come after punishment. Always. That however, left his curiosity unsatisfied. After what had happened with Wilkes he was determined to find out as much as he could about Sherlock’s past in order to prevent the past repeating itself, even if it meant dragging it out of him. He would not be responsible for any more harm coming to his sub in a way that was uncalled for, physically or emotionally. He knew he had to ask questions, some were going to be difficult and some the sub would not want to answer, that didn’t mean he could get away with not answering though.
“Made worse by the fact he came out through that window and hasn't been seen since.”
It was one thing to be tied up like this. It was another to be completely ignored in the process. He dropped his head.
Mycroft was struggling to breathe and the Superintendent held his head back for a little longer because of that. When he was released he took in several deep breaths through his nose.
With a heavy sigh, Mycroft grabbed Greg's hand and pulled him up the beach after the others.
"If you don't cooperate, Sherlock, I'll make Mycroft do what I have in mind. I'll count to 5. Make your decision before I finish."
Irene was by his side instantly. Her quick movement made Sherlock fall still.
"Well you bloody well act like it," Mycroft complained.
"What?"
Irene reached up and cupped his cheek. "Good boy." she picked up her cane and went the short distance to stand next to where Eurus sat. She poked at the parachute with the cane from time to time, enjoying the look on Sherlock's face. "Not complaining, doggie?
John swallowed hard. “Thanks for telling me, pet. It wasn’t as difficult as you thought it would be, though. Was it?”
Mycroft made sure he was comfortable before switching off the telly and turning off the bedside lamp.
“You, sir. I’m not disputing that, but-”
“No arguments, Lestrade. Donovan shall be doing it. Is that clear?”
John sat up slightly and pulled his cock out of his trousers. "Suck."
"I opened the door and it was just there."
"Get off," Sherlock complained.
“No!” John snapped, he put his hands on Sherlock's shoulders and pushed him down, slowly, but there was no giving in.
"Cuff them both," Irene ordered when Eurus got to her feet and stormed out. She started to go after the youngest Holmes.
It was ingenious in other ways too. The idea of using his phone to track his whereabouts meant he couldn’t get out of it at all. The Dom had even ensured there were no loopholes for him to worm his way out. He was used to loopholes, he liked them. Going so far as to tell him that he couldn’t keep going and hop in a cab… clever, clever Dom.
Sherlock was fairly well skilled in the art of fellatio and John didn't want to think about how that knowledge or expertise came about. The bondage and the blindfold clearly kept Sherlock calm enough to focus on what was happening, enough to maybe enjoy it himself... When he figured that out for himself that was. And he wasn't going to come until he had.
"You know my rules. If you do not thank me, we start again. Or you can safeword."
The sub breathed a sigh if relief at that. It would have been excruciating to go through that again. "Thank you, sir."
John headed back onto the playroom, Sherlock glaring at him. "I haven't had a case in months!"
A quick glance over his shoulder and he was out. Well, he wouldn’t go as far as to say out. As soon as he was over the threshold of the Dom”s front door, there was a noise that sounded like an alarm blaring and a jolt that ran up his ankles. His feet had snapped together and joined at the cuffs and some invisible force more powerful than gravity held him in that exact spot. His wrists were tugged behind him and joined together, his rucksack dropped and forgotten. He yelled loudly, the Dom had got the better of him. Again!
Sherlock just nodded, his world going black again even as John reached over his head with a ring gag, clearly changing his mind on the no gagging issue. The sub felt it settle behind his teeth with a silent groan, of all the gags the Dom could have chosen... That was by far the worse one.
"Clean me off. Gently, mind, it may have a baring on whether I am done with you or not."
“Go on,” he prompted
"No. My reaction alone should be enough to explain."
He handed his Dom another piece of fruit, trying to forget about his brother for a while.
“You had your chance. Now behave and do not make matters worse.”
“Mycroft’s orders were arrest on sight. He resisted. It took 4 of my men to restrain him, John. And he isn’t even high.”
“Yes, sir,” he sighed. He had his breath back at last and spun the camera around again to face the pavement.
“Bet that was good for the ego, pet?” John said with a reassuring smile.
“I hope you don’t go starting arguments, pet.”
Sherlock was silent until the Dom pushed the straw between his lips. “Not too fast.” He sipped slowly, trying to ignore the ever present buzzing up his arse. He hadn’t realised how thirsty he had been.
The other members of the room made a point to not pay any attention to Finn as he came back in. They didn’t want to embarrass him but the second the boy was on his feet, Siger swept in, scooped him up and dropped him, letting him bounce on the sofa.
Sherlock automatically went to crawl, but John grabbed his collar and pulled him to his feet. He waited until their two guests were out of the room before he leant in and nipped at Sherlock's ear. “Good boy. I'm proud of you. Now go straight in and kneel in your usual spot.”
"John, this is ridiculous." Sherlock rattled his feet.
“Here, pet,’ John said softly, “open up.”
"Yes, sir." This time, Mycroft didn't even try to nod. He could feel how tight John's grip was. "I won't disturb my brother, sir."
John sighed. “I know he is, munchkin, it’s a big day.”
If the boy didn’t want the ‘learning from home’ aspect as he got older, then they shouldn't force him. But he knew school would be difficult for the boy, and he’d end up in trouble, maybe it was best they tried and eased him out of the panicking before they thought about sending him away even for a few hours.
Sherlock glared at her so Eurus smacked him again. "Behave, little big brother."
"But you never went higher than captain."
"Yes, sir," the younger man croaked, unsure how the afternoon had taken such a turn.
“Her case! Come on, where is her case? Did she eat it? Someone else was here and they too her case.” He zoned off and skipped down a few more steps, oddly glad they had had to ascend so many, it made his exit so much more dramatic. “So the killer must have driven her here; forgot the case was in the car…”
John cocked his head on one side, a dangerous glint in his eyes.
“I was unaware that you could see through material.”
“I had to run away.”
"Don't look at me like that!" The doctor barked. "Look away. Now!"
Chuckling, John took the towel and dried him off. "You're really floating. Go on into the kitchen. I'll be there as soon as I get dressed."
Irene laughed at the government official's face. "Isn't that sweet?"
“I know. I just wish you had explained before you ran off.”
“I’m sorry, sir,” he whispered.
John crossed over the room and knelt in front of him. He leant forward and kissed him, then he drew back. "I've changed my mind about the clothes. Crawl to the bedroom, strip and crawl back in here."
"Perfect," the Superintendent clapped his hands and wandered over to the bed. He rummaged around in the bag with their toys and came up with a second wheel. "We should really use these more often."
Irene sneered. "What was that?"
"Make another?" He asked of the Superintendent.
“I wouldn’t say we argued. I punished him but that was three hours before he ran off and that was four hours ago. He hasn’t got out, at least the alarm hasn’t been breached and you said he wouldn’t be able to use the attic window again.”
"For once in his life he is doing what he's told, when he's told."
Mycroft glared at his brother. "I'm sure he had a good reason for not telling me. One that doesn't involve supposedly protecting you."
The doctor smiled at the back of his sub's head, knowing he wouldn't be able to see it. His boy really was trying to be good, but John still felt the need to push him just that bit more. The brat had woken them all up stupidly early, then disobeyed him and gone on to blow up the mini lab they had set up for him.
Greg sighed. “I suppose you’re right. How do you want to do this?”
"I do it too," John called through. "Habit, I guess."
“You know how this works now, Sherlock, so I will make you stay there.”
Mycroft pulled his Dom's shoes on with a slight huff. “Yes, sir.”
As me making it perfectly clear that this is a DOM AND SUB UNIVERSE doesn't work or the fact that I have made it perfectly clear I don't want BORING OPINIONS from the people who CHOOSE TO READ SOMETHING THEY KNOW WILL OFFEND THEIR LITTLE EGOS doesn't work or the fact I DONT CARE what haters think does not work I have decided to name and shame them as a last resort.
Greg took his and his sub’s, holding it out for the kneeling man, but when he didn’t take it he grew concerned. Feeling the need to investigate, he placed both mugs on the unit and tilted his pet’s chin up. Mycroft had tears running down his face, crying softly, inaudibly. ‘Pet?’
Greg crouched down, pushed his cuffed wrists up his back towards his collar, then grabbed his sub by his hair and yanked his head back. "You planning on misbehaving anymore?"
Mycroft looked down at his hands. "Well, I would prefer to put it in you, but I knew John would never give his permission for that. Pity."
Sherlock liked being called his dad. That meant maybe the boy could forget about his ‘real’ parents and everything they had done to him.
Sherlock didn't respond but John hadn't been expecting him to. Even so, he set about doing what he said and wasn't as surprised as he should have been when Sherlock didn't fight.
“I know you are probably pissed off that you are still in the cage, but given the last few days, I’ve spent more time punishing you than anything else. We haven’t got around to you getting any release.”
"Yes, sir."
It was another few minutes before John was finished. He’d kept his hand in his curls and Sherlock listened to the soft breathing of his Dom.
The sub took a few deep breaths and brushed his cheek against the fabric of the Dom’s suit trousers. “You’ve seen the news, sir, you know about the serial suicides…”
Sherlock's growl was quite clear.
"What are you two up to?" John asked suspiciously.
“I don't know!” John snapped.
“Don’t ask.” John dropped his hand in Sherlock's hair, ruffling it absently between his fingers. “It’s been quite an afternoon.”
“Great John, just great. Now he’ll be bouncing off the walls.,” Sherlock complained.
“He’s gone.”
"He was with you," Sherlock whispered.
The sub paused this time. “It’s murder. All of them. I don’t know how, but they’re not suicides, they’re killings – serial killings,” he amended. He spun on his toe in pure glee. “We’ve got ourselves a serial killer. I love those. There is always something to look forward to.”
“You enjoying this?”
He tied the leash off again so Sherlock couldn't go anywhere and then retrieved a cock cage from one corner. This one had an addition; a narrow yet long penis plug at the tip.
Irene rolled her eyes as she leant back and placed her feet on the governor's desk. They were crossed at the ankles. She looked over the brothers' heads. "What do you think of that, Eurus? Sherlock seems to have a low opinion of you."
"You're leaving because you think he's tired?"
His head shot up and John could see the tears he was trying to fight. He was upset with himself for some reason. “Yes, sir,” he answered.
“Sir, I-“
"Sir-"
It's time for a chat
Beta read by sherlockian4evr
Before Greg or even Mycroft had reacted, Sherlock was pressed face down on the desk, one arm up his back, uncomfortably close to his shoulder blades.
The Homes brothers weren't happy with how things were going. But if Sherlock was honest with himself, his feelings for Irene Adler had left when he had fallen in love with John. And they'd rather she have to stay here than someone innocent. He was starting to tire and from the look on Microsoft's face, his brother knew it.
He couldn't
The older Dom laughed. And then even more so when John actually brought the crop down on the plug.
When the bacon was gone, he started on the sausage, this time taking a few bites himself as he went.
There was a smaller desk set up within reaching distance of Greg's and behind it, sat Mycroft.
John burst out laughing. "I think I covered all of that with 'brat'."
Sherlock glared up at the doctor and John grabbed his chin in his hand.
Sherlock knew what was going to happen when he heard the snap of a tube cap, he shifted his legs inward.
He cleared his throat pointedly. “You don’t want to show yourself up in front of your landlady now, Sherlock, do you?”
Flinching, the sub looked down at the floor, but he failed to turn back to the corner. "Please, sir," he tried one more time. "I'll be good."
Sherlock glared at him. "Meanie."
“You escaping wasn't part of the plan, Sherly,” came a nearly familiar voice from behind him. It was Irish... it was familiar, from a few days before.
"He doesn't want to lose you. In fact, I think he can't lose you."
"Sleep walking. You're a doctor."
“You said I could safe word whenever I wanted!” Sherlock snapped.
Download from
"Perhaps we can arrange a time to get together for you to see for yourself? Properly, I mean, not at work."
It wasn't long before Mycroft noticed his brother had fallen asleep. He held him tighter, wishing they were both at home.
Now that did come as a shock. “Good behaviour gets rewards.”
“Not another word without permission, Sherlock. Or you'll be headed for punishment. That cage has come off your pretty little cock, but I can just as easily replace it and your favourite chair, how does that sound?”
Mrs. Hudson waved her hands about. "I need my herbal soothers." She disappeared into her bedroom to fetch them.
It was the last thing Sherlock remembered John yelling. Now he was surrounded by armed police with nowhere to go and no idea why. He needed a few minutes for his brain to catch up with the rest of the day… He had spent the last several hours with an Irishman he didn't know.
Sherlock tried to jerk his arms free from Greg's grip, but his hole was on fire and he lost his balance, falling into the Superintendent's arms.
He received no response, but then he wasn’t really expecting one. His sub’s head was too low.
“He wasn’t alone very long, though.”
"You alright, little brother?"
“If you’re well behaved, I’ll let you down here, and the better you are, the more equipment you can have from the cupboard.” He indicated a cupboard in the corner that was locked in a similar way to his cuffs.
"Crawl over by the sofa. The other side of Mycroft."
Mycroft rolled his eyes, then started the arduous process of turning around.
The detective let out a muffled protest and kicked his feet. Greg smacked him sharply on the arse twice. "Stop that!"
“Why’s he in there?” John watched him through the bars of the door.
“31, sir?” Sherlock offered, more than aware what the army doctor was going to say.
“Sherlock?” he rested his hand on his shoulder, the previous anger that he had felt at his boy had begun dwindling over the few hours he had spent looking for the younger man but the remaining part completely evaporated at the sight of him. He had punished himself enough. He quickly found Mycroft’s number and punched a text out to let the older Holmes know his baby brother was alright.
“Unless?” the Dom prompted.
"Well he'll have to move onto all fours, it'll mean uncuffing him." John nodded to one wall.
“His little brother was in danger. It was a valid response.”
. 18.89MB
“I am supposed to be helping you become a better sub.”
The pile of fish had grown to quite a size. Mycroft cocked his head to the side. "John. I mean, sir, don't you think that's quite enough?"
Irene left the guard to his job. She decided Eurus could be the one to say when Mycroft had had enough. Making a show of it, she walked to the chest and rummaged around for quite some time in an effort to build up some suspense.
“Now, you kneel there and keep quiet, pet. I’ll go and get the tea. It was tea wasn’t it Mr. W?”
“I had a Dom in Oxford. He had a habit of punishing me for things he did wrong. Afterwards he would just leave me alone.” Sherlock didn’t sound upset about it. He sounded bitter, but not upset. He had got used to it after all, it had gone on for 2 years.
“Because you came in.” Wasn’t the answer obvious? He wasn’t playing hide and seek with himself as the doctor carried out his shopping.
Sherlock shook his head. "No, sir," he answered quickly. "Mycie's just being- ow!" He yelped, stamping his foot as Mycroft twisted his arm a little more.
John took the rather uncomfortable looking detective straight to the kitchen.
"No. Shut it."
John snorted at the look on the boy’s face, but didn’t say anything. Sherlock needed to learn that what John said, happened. Whether the sub liked it, disliked it, wanted it or didn’t want it. And it especially happened if the sub found it embarrassing, humiliating or boring.
"Sir-"
"You better mean that, boy."
John released his grip seeing how startled the lad was. “You alright, boy?” he asked softly.
“Demanding little bugger isn’t he?” John whispered against his lips.
“So,” Mycroft paused a moment to sip his coffee, he nodded at the taste, but absolutely refused to compliment his little brother while he was in trouble, his ego didn’t need a boost. “What’s your schedule like for your next house plan then?”
Sherlock shrugged and threw himself to his feet as dramatically as he could manage then he paced to the window and stared out, waiting for more silver men.
“Finn, you will come with me and apologise.”
Mycroft watched Eurus go and then glanced back at his brother. "Are you sure you're alright?"
“It doesn’t look more comfortable, sir.” the sub pointed out quietly. It wasn't aggressively said, it was more said with caution.
"I would say I'm more resigned than submissive, little sister."
“I am a police officer-”
Greg looked down at his sub, catching his eye and giving him a brief smile. "Rub my feet, pet, since you're not doing anything else."
John leant across the table and plucked the lid off the tray.
Sherlock took several deep breaths.
“How about you leave the attitude up here?”
John got to his feet and held his hand out. Tentatively, Sherlock took it and the older man led the both of them down the beach towards the water.
Despite himself and the situation, the Superintendent laughed, but it was cut off by a string of hard, rapid strikes. "Ow!" He complained quite vocally.
“What’s this one?” Finn asked. He’d given up keeping up with Siger and had sat in the shallow part of the water, making his grandad pause with him.
Sherlock closed his eyes, trying his hardest not to react.
John ran his hand down his boy's back and stopped at the plug. "You have to hold it in for me, Sherlock. Don't and you'll be punished."
“Sherlock is not a freak. He is my submissive. Now where is he?”
“Are you going to say hi?”
Suddenly, Sherlock seemed to go mad. He struggled and fought against his bonds. He couldn't let himself be violated by the Woman without putting up a fight.
"We hadn't planned any possible punishments, Sherlock, this was a holiday! If two enemas isn't enough I don't know what will be."
"Now, we need to talk," John said, walking in and sitting opposite the younger man.
The detective’s head shook slightly as if he was trying to work something out then he snatched his Dom’s hand, with another muttered, “Sorry, sir,” and took off out of the building, dragging John behind.
"You sure?"
John looked over his shoulder, even as he heard Sherlock’s small chuckle.
"But-"
“Neither was you charging off after a serial killer just to prove you are clever!” His tone had risen and Sherlock rightly fell quiet.
The DI reached across the desk and handed a folder to Sherlock who opened it immediately and started reading. Mycroft stared at the floor the whole time.
Sherlock frowned and then closed his eyes in realisation. “You're not a Dom. You're a switch.”
The sub nodded once, jerkily, around the Dom's prick before swallowing him down whole, the same time as the dildo in his arse brushed his sweet spot several times. The gag did its job and stopped the younger man biting down... That would have been disastrous as he was trying so hard to be well behaved.
“He is a police officer, or was as of an hour ago. He'll be going to the Yard, when he has been suspended by the superintendent tomorrow I'll let you do whatever you want with him. And that one.”
"You've slipped up a few times in the last several minutes."
“I can carry on if you like?”
"And you," Greg snapped, "stop your laughing."
After what felt like eternity to Sherlock, John released his cock, leaving him panting. His head was low and his sobbing was out of control. He was, however, managing to keep as quiet as possible. He had orgasmed 4 times, but only managed to ejaculate 3 times. If John was feeling particularly harsh, he could have kept going, other Dom’s would. If it became a repeat occurrence, he would have to, but for now, he stopped and stood up, surveying his sub. His grip had also not been as hard on the last one, knowing it would be dry and painful enough.
Greg ran one hand through his pet's thinning hair, with the other, he held the bottle of water until Sherlock had finished it.
“What did you punish him for?”
Greg glanced at the adverts before getting to his feet himself. "I'll join you."
When they went downstairs, Mrs. Hudson joined them. It was no surprise to any of them that Mycroft had one of his cars waiting for them by the kerb. Siger was sitting inside waiting, he grinned broadly at Mrs. Hudson and then at Finn. “Alright champ?”
“What is it, champ?”
“This is him? The British Government you keep mentioning?”
There was the sound of beeping from outside and John looked at his sub, “You ready, pet?”
Download from
"Better but still not what I want,” the Dominatrix said.
The Superintendent's shoulders slumped. He just didn't think he could come untouched no matter how much he wanted to.
Greg laughed and knocked the peg off again, then he turned to Sherlock and picked a peg, twisting it.
"Sherlock, please-"
"Put some effort in, boy," John ordered, gripping his sub's curls with his free hand.
"It's better than letting one or both of you beat him half to death to get him to cooperate," Mycroft barked back.
“A pearl is very rare and it’s like a little round bead.”
“Fine. I’m not the one naked, cold and kneeling.”
“Run their names through the system. Something links them. Something not in Mycroft’s dossier.”
"Well, he'll get what he wants, then. I can't believe he's been pushing to get punished on purpose."
“Go on then,” he’d been watching him cautiously for the last minute. “Make enough for the both of us and I’ll meet you in the den. I trust you aren’t going to run away?”
“Open it and find out,” at John's look he quickly added; “sir.”
“But me…” all five men turned to the door to see Mycroft enter. “I’m not shocked easily but when it comes to Sherlock… you better hope John isn’t the one who decides what to do with you. Hello, sir,” he said, grinning slightly at his Dom. He wrapped his arms around him briefly but made sure to check on his brother as he did so, he seemed content, for now.
"Is that so?"
"Do not move an inch."
He smiled at the look on the older Dom's face. "Suspend him from the ceiling."
But Sherlock stayed on his knees, trailing behind the Dom as he walked towards the bathroom. John poked his head into the shower checking that it would be big enough for the both of them and then began to strip out of his suit, hanging it all on a hanger that Sherlock seemed to have made appear from nowhere.
John found Finn in his and Sherlock’s bedroom. The little boy was sat in the middle of the bed with his arms crossed. He sat down on the edge of the bed. "You need to come back into the living room and apologise to Beth."
Sherlock’s eyes went wide. “You wouldn’t.”
Sherlock glared up at the Dom, but for some reason he didn't open his mouth.
Mycroft kissed Sherlock again and left his brother to the capable hands of the doctor.
“From your phone messages, it automatically deletes them after 3 years, but there is no record in them or your phone transactions that you have had any contact with him in all that time. If it’s been 3 years it is statistically more likely that it has been 6.”
"Irene was mad," Sherlock whispered. "At John. And at me."
"He's not really being a problem, mate."
"He didn't," Sherlock argued immediately. "It was my choice."
"Eurus, dear, could you help with the cuffs on this one?" Irene asked.
"Shut. Up!"
"Sir?" He asked again.
Reluctantly Sherlock knelt. It made sense to have half of his punishment now, but it didn’t mean he had to like it. Or the fact he felt stupidly grateful to the Dom for giving him a second chance. He felt guilty for the way he had spoken to him when they were outside of the room earlier. He couldn’t help but want to be mad, and yet the Dom’s calm presence seemed to… do something he didn’t understand and he didn’t know whether he should like it or not.
“Bringing it up now.”
Greg shrugged. "Cruel he interrupted our fun."
John turned on the Sergeant again. “Until custody of Sherlock is released from me, you will treat him with respect. In fact, should Sherlock be charged with anything here, you will still treat him with respect, is that understood?”
Download from
“Don’t know, sir. Maybe 3 minutes?” John nodded, right. So on one side, Greg had been praising the younger man, on the other he had been seen to ignore him for that long, something though made John feel like it wasn’t the first time. He knew he’d punished him harshly a few days ago, but he had explained how that was comparatively harsh to his previous response to such a flagrant disrespect for the rules. This was something different, but here wasn’t the right place to put his finger on it. He pushed his hand into his sub’s curls.
Across the room, Mycroft winced in pain and Sherlock looked up to see his older brother being held upright by his Dom's fist in his hair.
The detective scooped Finn back up, then proceeded to the mini bus where he buckled him into the booster seat.
“You need to calm down, boy.”
They had made some progress, Sherlock was beginning to revert back to the way he had been before his little escapade but there was still a fair distance to go, believing anything else would be naive.
“I’m going to use a spreader bar, pet. It’ll make it easier for you to obey.”
Sherlock smiled. “Of course, sir.” He let his Dom pull him in for a kiss.
They expected to see Eurus sat at the desk, instead there was Irene Adler.
Sherlock blinked at her dumbly as she came round then he just ducked his head again, ignoring the two women.
"Get off!" He moaned.
I am having way too much fun writing this!
Download from
The boy didn't reply for a moment. When he did respond it wasn't the answer the Dom was looking for.
Greg reached up and gave him a push with his foot, making him start swinging and twisting in circles. "Any more of that, and we won't go for that walk until tomorrow."
"Are you g-going to untie us?"
Greg wasn't impressed. Sherlock was like the child who was sorry he had got caught breaking a rule, but didn't give a toss that he had done it.
Sherlock was clearly still in one of those moods because he thrashed and pulled and made it as difficult as possible for all three of them.
Yet again, the previous night Sherlock had laid awake, staring at the ceiling when something dawned on him. He had escaped John's house. Unless he found out that Mycroft had designed the security on the doors and windows in the Yard as well as his Dom's, getting out wouldn't be a problem. That place was a fortress compared to this station.
Greg decided he wasn't going to play the game. He had been a sub for a long time and had gone much longer in far worse circumstances without an orgasm.
Trussed up as he was, Sherlock felt calm. Calmer than he had been in a while. He couldn't work out why but he had no qualms about John leaving him there. That wasn't to say if he was left too long he wouldn't change his mind.
"I've got him!" A very wet and laughing John said as he sat up, pulling his sub up with him. He had a spluttering Sherlock by the dripping curls.
“Gone,” was the simple one-worded reply. “Now, shall we try that again or are you too primitive to understand the basic rules of sub-Dom interactions?”
The detective glanced over at their table, Mycroft inclined his head once, message understood.
Sherlock looked around the room and could immediately tell Mycroft had been there just before, reading the document on the edge of the DI's desk at a guess.
Sherlock blushed bright red. “That’s not the point.”
Sergeant Donovan stepped forward, a set of handcuffs in her hand but Greg pushed her back with just a glare. He had to do it, if he did it, he could unarrest the younger man when this was sorted. Soon, he hoped.
Even though Sherlock tried to ignore what Irene was doing, he couldn't help letting out a groan when she settled on a ball stretcher, at least that's what he deduced it was. He couldn't see anything and she had hidden it on her approach.
They sat like that for ages until;
At that, Sherlock increased his speed. He couldn't disappoint his brother.
"Make them kneel before me, gentlemen," she ordered.
Mrs. H left the boys to get their things together. Finn had the help of both his fathers which was a good thing since he kept bouncing around the flat, excited.
Irene had watched. "Depends what you mean by efficient. Are you after power and control? Or speed."
"Yes, sir," Mycroft replied, glancing over his shoulder.
“Oh, babe. C’mon up here.”
"Cow biscuits," Sherlock whispered.
Strictly speaking, he shouldn't have been there, but the barrister motioned him in. Someone had to collect Finn after all.
The doctor glanced down at his boy who had fallen to his knees again and nodded.
"Sherlock was... Curious about what we witnessed."
“What do you want to know? Sir?” Sherlock added the honorific just quick enough for John not to add to the tally, but it was clearly an open rebellion.
The second the car had stopped John had leant forward and pushed Sherlock down into the backseat.
"There's lots of different ones, Sherlock."
The DI nodded once and then pointed at the other one. “And this one?”
The detective flushed from head to toe and he groaned as each peg was removed.
"You can sit there sulking if you like, it's not like I haven't seen that before with my sub."
He released him at his bedroom door and told him to go in.
"I think he forgets that you are a copper. Even with your promotion."
"Stop fidgeting, boy, the last thing either of us want is you to be hurt in a way that could have been avoided by simple self control."
John ran his hand through his sweaty curls, pausing to think before he spoke.
He sighed, closing his eyes and leaning back in his chair. He didn't know how he was going to cope with this interview and he didn't want to discuss it with any of his superiors.
Of course. He should have predicted that. Sherlock, still facing the window, closed his eyes. This entire thing was making him slow. Too much of his brain power was preoccupied with the upcoming trial. He wouldn't be able to concentrate on a case even if one came his way.
Finn wiped at his eyes, then took a few deep breaths. "I am calm," he said, taking John's hand.
The DI pulled out his own cuffs and placed them in John's hand as the doctor moved forward to hold Douglas, not that he was struggling much anyway.
"Then what?"
John laughed silently to himself, the boy was so like Sherlock, it was as if the pair was actually blood related.
Eurus rested her hand on his head and tapped her fingers against his skull.
John wanted nothing more than to sit and hug his boyfriend for hours on end, but it wouldn't help unlock Sherlock from his head.
“Because there is far too much to do.”
"John, please. I don't know what else I can say."
"Be glad your warm up isn't with the paddle."
Yes, he felt guilty for having to leave Eurus, but there really was no alternative.
John tossed aside the wheel and sat back on his heels. Sherlock's clothing was really starting to be a problem. He hated to untie his pet, but there was nothing for it. With a sigh, he set to work. "Greg. Leave yours for a moment, yeah?"
He left Sherlock's hands where they were, unbuttoned his jacket and then his shirt. He pushed both layers back so they bunched around the cuffs. Before he removed them he spoke low and slowly.
“Why?” She asked.
“No!” Sherlock snapped, but continued more calmly at his Dom’s unimpressed glare. “I mean, I’m sorry, sir, please don’t do anything to my violin. I do want it back.”
Sherlock just laughed. "Really? And I'm not even running off." He sighed when Mycroft didn't back off. "Sentiment. He was protecting me. From your constant interference."
"Really?"
"Sherlock, what is this about?" They’d had a great morning, hadn’t they? He had been well behaved, he’d eaten and drank plenty which was becoming more and more the norm.. They had enjoyed each other’s company.
If Eurus was pissed at the Dominatrix then she would be preoccupied when it came to her big brothers.
“What?”
“This is a control plug, you'll get nothing but discomfit from it. Try as you might, it will not reach your prostate. Trust me on that.”
"They'll do." John glanced back down at Sherlock who was frowning. "Put your hands behind your head."
The doctor smirked. "Has he been that naughty?"
"Of course, sir."
"Would you like a beer?" Greg held up his hands to forestall John's caution. "Just one, I know. We have to be responsible."
John didn’t have the heart to chide them. The day had been stressful with the trial even though it had had the best possible outcome. If he was honest, he was surprised that it had taken Sherlock as long as it had to fidget.
Instead of poking at the thing, Sherlock simply walked through it. He gave a shudder at the sensation, much like John had.
Mycroft glanced up at her, but at the moment he found himself hating Irene more.
“Yes, sir. Sorry, sir.”
"I don't care. This isn't about what you want. You should have learnt that a long time ago."
He stopped his thrashing and growled loudly. It was a good thing for Irene that he couldn't get free.
John found the lube from the unit and began to ease the tip of his finger into his hole. The younger man whimpered beneath him, gripping onto the pillow for all it was worth.
“It's not suitable for you to be gagged continually, it's impractical in fact. Until I say otherwise, you'll ask me for permission to speak. You will also not give more than one word answers unless I specifically ask for it. More than one word answers gives you the opportunity to lie to me. I will not let that happen. Are you clear on that, boy?”
"I'm not a cat, brother dear."
Sherlock stayed on the stool in the kitchen as John saw Mycroft and Greg out. He had been happy to see his brother, and he had enjoyed the night before like he never thought he could at this age.
"It's true," John backed his fiance up. "He was impressed with Sherlock and then when he realised who Sherlock was he shoved his girlfriend in the box and it disappeared."
“Mycroft, that guy is a psychopath,” he had no idea why, but he felt like it needed saying.
“Further. Better. Now stay still.”
"Piss off," Sherlock hissed trying to bury his head in Mycroft's shoulder again.
Beta read by sherlockian4evr
"Where are we?"
“Alright. Cheers, Mycroft.”
Sherlock himself was quite pet like. Many subs were similar, but the detective also had a bit of a praise kink. That combined with the fact that he could be very cat like when he was in a quiet mood could present countless opportunities as well as countless problems.
“30, boy!” came a stern growl from the door.
John bit his lip to keep from losing it completely. "Is that so?"
"Oh, don't give me that. You started kicking up a fuss before the pegs made an appearance."
"Kneel up properly. Hands behind your back." He spoke with a sigh and nearly smiled when Sherlock complied instantly, more than grateful to have been told what to do. He waited, holding his breath, for what John would say next.
"You're sister is fucking insane," the Dominatrix hissed quietly. In a louder tone of voice, she ordered, "Crawl around the room, junior."
"I hope you mean that, because you're very close to having me pause right now and strap you."
"Oh, they pay me quite a lot. And I make certain they get their money's worth." Irene tapped him on the cheek with the hollow plug.
Immediately Sherlock doubled himself over and pressed his lips to her boots.
“I do.” The DI swept in for a kiss. “It's one of the insane things I love about you.” He did love it even though the lengths Mycroft would go to were completely mental. “Now would you finish that damn ice cream?!”
“Walking is good for the soul,” Mycroft replied, keeping his eye level. John picked up what he meant immediately.
When Sherlock was done with the curtains, the Dom removed the gag and let him work his jaw. “Present.”
“I don’t want to fucking calm down,” he spat. His hands went to the hook and he begun tugging on it but he was just making himself cough. John touched the box again and his hands snapped around behind him.
The detective's head fell even lower at that, feeling guilty. It was the first time in a long time he had been called boy on a normal day.
Greg could no longer thrash around on the Dom's lap, which meant he couldn't rub his cock against his thigh either. He had to focus on staying still to stop from hurting his arms further.
Greg glanced down at his sub. “Speak up, boy.”
Sherlock bit his lip, thinking, then he sat in his Dom’s lap.
“No, sir.” Sherlock shook his head. The Dom had a point there.
“Because that’s what Doms do. Tease and torment.”
Sherlock felt momentarily overwhelmed by the commotion. He was surrounded by family, something he had never expected to experience again, let alone enjoy.
"Well?" John hissed in his ear, reaching up to snag his collar.
“You forgot?!”
John glared at her. “Thanks for the advice, Irene, but I will care for my sub my way.”
Sherlock was knelt in the middle of the playroom, his knees spread wide by his decision to be obedient, not by a spreader bar. His caged cock was chained to the floor and his wrists were in cuffs behind his back, also chained to the floor. He also had a posture collar on, keeping his head up high.
Sherlock just laughed harder.
As he opened the bottle and tipped the contents out, it didn't take a genius to work out the contents now. Especially since he had seen the fourth victim, examined her.
“So you know DI Lestrade?” the doctor carried on as if the small interruption with his sub hadn’t happened.
"Babe?" John whispered. "Are you alright?" It was a stupid question, he knew. Obviously Sherlock wasn't alright.
The younger man placed both his hands on Mycroft’s cheeks. “Come on, pet. It’s me. Hello?”
John got up and pressed a kiss to the top of Sherlock’s head before heading for the sitting room.
Mycroft grinned, pointedly looking at his brother’s lowered head. “How could I possibly turn down coffee if my little brother is making it?”
“Suitcase?”
John’s smile grew wider as he saw Sherlock’s brain running through his options. He could almost hear the cogs whirring, trying to make a decision.
"Because I don't want to upset the brat's Dom, that's why."
“It’s not about you running away the second I turn my back. The technology outside the downstairs door is also outside this one for when I want to activate it. It is about submission. You’ll find it easier like this.” He attached the cuffs to the front of the bench. This position wasn’t as strenuous as last nights, for a start his thighs and calves weren’t being pulled uncomfortably.
Mycroft blinked, looking away.
"Yes."
“What do you want me to do?”
“Why?”
Sherlock closed his eyes and nodded once, still holding onto the doctor. “I'm sorry, sir.”
"Well I'll use the clamps I was going to use earlier, you set the machine faster."
The sub sighed at the 'boy'. He hadn't realised how much he had grown to despise it. Nearly as much as that chair.
It was a joy to work with a truly compliant Sherlock for a change and he hoped it lasted. Even so, he couldn't help but think of this Sherlock as odd. He pulled his feet up to his bum and tied them to his wrists. "Is that enough, boy, or do you want me to bind you even more."
“Piss, Sherlock, because it's going to be a while before I let you again.”
The little boy thought about that. “Could I feed her?”
The detective was on his feet in a flash and was heading towards the bathroom when the Dom grabbed him by his collar.
"You can do better than that, Irene."
“Yes, sir.”
John switched the nozzle in his boy's arse for a plug. "You can keep that in for 10 minutes."
When John slowly removed the plug, only the tiniest trickle oozed out before the sub clenched his hole tight. Sherlock's breathing sped up with the effort and his muscles trembled.
"No buts, little brother."
They seemed more than willing to oblige the government official, and Mycroft cuffed his little brother's struggling arms behind him.
"Now!" She barked.
“Sit up, Freak,” Donovan ordered as she entered the room, her heels clacking on the floor. She had clearly forgotten John's warning from earlier in the day, either that or she didn't care now he wasn't here to enforce it. She dropped her notebook on the desk, in front of Sherlock's head. He realised he'd been lucky Greg had gotten rid of her in the car on the way over, but if Donovan was working the case, he stood no chance.
He helped Sherlock up and wrapped the dressing gown around him that was on the back of the door. He ignored the surprised look Sherlock sent his way. Being naked daily at the start of the contract was a rule of John’s, in fact it was a rule of most professional Doms and Doms in general, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t tweak his own rules when comfort was required.
Beta read by sherlockian4evr
Eurus tilted his head back further until he nearly overbalanced. "There's something in your eyes that I don't like."
A slightly lower pitched beep and the alarm was off to be replaced by the sound of stomping on the stairs. How the doctor managed to stomp with a cane and slippers, Sherlock didn’t know, but the sound of the Dom heading towards him at such a casual pace wasn’t an exciting one.
“I’m under the impression you like?”
“So, I think you’ll find my instructions were for you to be up at 7.”
Sherlock sighed in relief, he wanted to say he didn't understand Finn's continual lack of assurance in them, but he did, all too well.
Mycroft frowned, straightening up slightly, his hands moving to behind his head. "How sir?"
Download from
"Yeah, Finn," Beth said. "We'd like to help." She was sorting the blocks by colour whilst her sister rolled her eyes.
"Kneel there," he pointed to the sub's cushion and the boy did what he was told without argument.
John smiled with obvious approval. “Good, pet. If you dry them off as well, I’ll show you where they go when I come back down.” He nodded and left through the side door. “I’ll be five minutes.”
John should have been offended but he just laughed, sipping his coffee. "You don't have to stick around Mycroft. I'm a pretty good babysitter. And anyway, nothing is there to suggest this has anything to do with the blue box guy."
Sherlock tipped his head on one side and stared at his brother a moment longer. “I make the decisions?”
Sherlock would have spit in her face if he hadn't remembered Mycroft and the taser. "Please."
"No! Why should I?"
“If you don’t like them, I don’t like them.”
"Yes, sir," Sherlock sighed. He was glad the wait for a punishment was over, but this really hadn't been what he was expecting.
"No, pet."
With a grumble to himself, the younger man put his hands against the wall and closed his eyes.
"Are you sure you want to cook right now?" Sherlock asked the doctor.
“Boy!”
Sherlock sighed. “Yes, sir, but I haven’t been fishing before. Mycroft does, I think, with Greg.” He had stumbled over his brother’s name. It was the first time he had mentioned him since the other couple had gone home. He hadn’t spoken when he’d returned a few hours later with some of the things from Molly.
"No. My car will stay until I leave. Come away from the window."
With that, Greg's eyebrows shot up in surprise. "You want me to treat you the same as your little brother?"
While Greg was gone, John bent over and forced Sherlock's trousers down to his knees. Then toed his caged cock, making it bounce heavily.
It didn't take the Dominatrix long to fasten the clamps at the other ends of the chains to Mycroft's nipples and cock, interlacing them with the chains Sherlock wore. She smiled smuggly. "Now we can begin."
Furious with Mycroft's lack of response, she moved over and set his aching ball free. He breathed in sharply around the gag as the pain increased momentarily. After it had subsided, the Dominatrix grasped the newly freed testicle and gave it a squeeze. "Deduce what's wrong with him."
"Brat," John said with a snort and slapped him. "Stop that. You were supposed to suck my fingers."
“Thank you for being honest with me, pet.” He really was grateful, glad it didn’t go the other way and Sherlock begin to shout and swear. “I’m going to my study now. I want you to put the cases in the wardrobe in the corner and then I want you to knock on the study door, understood?”
Sherlock sat on a bin lid about a mile from New Scotland Yard, according to his Mind Palace, at least. He was tucked into an ally that he knew had no cameras surrounding it. The police wouldn't find him here, imbeciles, but now he needed to work out what to do next.
The sub's eyes darted up, blinking slightly at the light, and met the older man's. He seemed calm. At peace with the situation for a change.
“You always leave.”
He huffed pointedly, not really surprised. “Greg, would the station know where all the cameras are?”
John grabbed said lip and tugged it. "Do you really think you're in a position to make demands?"
Irene was looking at him intently. She seemed to like what she saw, much to his disappointment. Sherlock struggled to make his face go completely blank. The moment he accomplished it, the Dominatrix twisted the wicked clamp that was biting into his right nipple.
Frowning, Greg stared after a retreating detective. He let his head fall back and sighed, then set about making a cup for Mycroft.
That was how they ended up how they were now. Sherlock was curled up on the floor, his head resting on his Dom’s shoes as he dozed, and John worked. He was fully clothed in his usual shirt and a pair of trousers. He wasn’t wearing pants though, at John’s direction, and he wasn’t wearing socks because John had commented on how much he liked his pet’s feet. He was also still connected to his leash, because of the worried look that had flashed across his face when John had tried to remove it. The look hadn’t been more than a flutter, but, of course, the Dom hadn’t missed it and was more than willing to keep hold of the other end.
Sherlock had spent half an hour reading through his statement on the cab driver incident and signed it. He'd signed enough of them to know it didn't really mean much unless you were signing a murder confession.
Sherlock had to duck his head to hide his sniggering.
Sherlock should have kicked off about something by now, real or imagined. His volatile personality wasn't meant to be contained like this. John didn't know what to do with that realisation. It was nice, he couldn't dispute that, but it was wrong. So very wrong.
With a slight wince, Sherlock knee walked across the room.
Sherlock didn't safeword.
"Your attitude is not helping your situation."
subspace, therefore he didn't need it.
“You're leaving me alone, sir?” Sherlock asked, slightly confused. It would be the first time in days that the Dom had left him to it.
Mycroft watched him cautiously, as if the gag would jump out and bite his ass. He realised pretty quickly, Greg was more likely to do that. Not that he would entirety object to that even though he had irritated his Dom.
“But can it?”
Sherlock choked out the number and bit into his lip.
Donovan nodded once and walked away, it was a matter of seconds later that a car pulled up and John climbed in.
"He shouldn't laugh. I like your hair." Eurus wrapped a curl around her finger, then she tugged it, Sherlock had been expecting it so he didn't fight. "You're in a submissive mood, little big brother."
"What?" The doctor asked.
Guards raised their guns and the Holmeses raised their hands.
John groaned in response. "Oh yeah." He glanced briefly at the screen to check on Sherlock. The younger man had given up fighting now and instead chose to stare at the ceiling."
“Yes, sir.”
At the look on his brother's face, this time Sherlock let out a small chuckle.
John sat at the place where the food was set and tugged the leash, clearly intending on making the sub kneel beside the chair.
. 124.76MB
Irene frowned. "Honestly, this will work just as well."
Sherlock's eyes were jarred open by a slap to the face. Irene's words had covered Eurus' approach. "Good afternoon, little sister."
“…which one’s the good bottle?”
“Sir?” he asked, slightly wrong footed. The man hadn’t spoken to stop him, just casually touched his box.
The detective waved his hands wildly. "I don't see him getting a microchip. I don't see him getting followed 24 hours a day. I don't..."
Sherlock flinched as he felt the dildo withdraw before thrusting into him again. He was glad John had thought to gag him because without it he was sure to have bitten down in surprise. Sherlock was sure that when he had come back down to earth he world be interested to see how a moving dildo was wired up... In a glass plug, it was all visible and a little bit nerve-wracking.
"Was that a lie, Greggie?"
At the DI's lack of response, John slammed his hands against the wall. “Bloody hell. Phone him.”
The Superintendent nodded. "Yep. Crawl, brat," he orders sharply.
"Oh, bloody…" John trailed off as he changed directions and followed the detective.
"What do you say?"
“Um… Yes, sir,” he said quickly, “sorry, sir.”
The non sequitur caused Sherlock to look at the doctor oddly. “Okay. Are you feeling quite alright, John?”
The response was a half hearted shrug.
“Right. I can leave this for a minute and take you upstairs.”
As if he could answer what with the gag and the posture collar. He could, however, express his displeasure. The detective growled.
Greg had explained what the girls needed to do when Finn returned to the room, Amy just smiled at him, almost shyly as well and Beth held up the half made spaceship.
"I want you both to be uncomfortable. It's fascinating. This is a different type of discomfort than I've seen in you before,” Eurus observed.
"What wouldn't have?"
Sherlock knelt in front of his Dom, his head bowed slightly lower than he would have liked, but he didn’t take his eyes off the doctor’s shoes.
Greg laughed. “Probably not.”
Mycroft crawled over and stopped in front of the Superintendent. Greg had produced a damp flannel from somewhere. "Stand up, pet. Let me clean you off." He wiped down his boy's knees, legs and feet so that he was clean. "Back on your knees, now."
John dropped a quick peck on each sub's cheek. "I'll just watch from here."
“I am here!”
"She couldn't tell if it was a man or a woman after the fact, Miss Adler."
For the first time in his job, John felt like he should feel guilty. He didn’t, however. He couldn’t. If he did, he would never punish the boy again. Sherlock had deserved it. It wasn’t like he’d forgotten to be respectful. He had come without permission. That was a major broken rule for any Dom and that was the usual punishment that Doms issued. Although he strayed quiet a distance from normal Dom behaviour in many aspects of the Dom/sub interactions, there were some things that had to be done in the correct way. It didn’t mean he had to enjoy it and it didn’t mean he couldn’t offer aftercare. Sherlock should know that, after every punishment they’d spent at least an hour together afterwards, but the lack of wanting comfort now was worrying.
Sherlock moved to comply immediately. He knew where the bench was in the room and he was happy he could get to it with ease, even without being able to see. When he reached it, he settled himself over the bench, his caged cock hanging over the edge.
Sherlock sighed. "Mount Vesuvius isn't active anymore."
“Finn is as tall as you,” he ducked the clip round the head.
Once again John’s suspicions were confirmed, he wanted to obey, he just didn’t want to want to.
“Whether you were testing me, sir. I knew I would fail if you left me much longer.”
As soon as he reached the main road he pulled his phone from his pocket and smiled when he finally had full signal. He put his phone to his ear so he could listen to it ring.
The look on the doctor's face clearly said he knew what Greg was thinking. "You're a Dom yourself, pet. You know the games."
Sherlock ran straight into the woods for about 500 yards before he paused and hid behind a large-stumped tree. It might have been stupid taking off with his hands cuffed behind him but there was no way John would have let his staff deal with him when he was restrained in any other way. He was lucky John hadn’t trussed up his feet as well.
Eurus shrugged. "Don't know."
John chuckled and leant down to ruffle his curls. “That’s 4, pet.”
Many, many hours later, John fell asleep, his pet curled in tightly on his chest, his two closest friends upstairs and his walking stick long forgotten on the floor of the kitchen.
"You never just wake me up. You proceed to be a brat the rest of the day."
They moved from the room into the corridor only to find more of the same. "I really, really don't like this."
"Good, then that's the last time you're speaking for a while."
Sherlock found himself being pulled to his feet and dragged to the stage, he didn’t fight it, there was no point, if he did and Benjamin got hurt he would be in trouble for assaulting a copper, and with a witness… John wouldn’t be impressed, he might leave him there… his face hit the stage floor as he was bent over it as his trousers were tugged roughly.
Sherlock couldn't help but snarl around his gag.
The doctor rolled his eyes. “Don't be a brat, Sherlock, it's beginning to not suit you.” He tapped his fingers on the table, all of his attention on his sub.
Sherlock grinned, the earlier thought of subspace long forgotten. He jumped up and spun on his toe, but put his other foot out to steady himself as he remembered where he was.
The detective did so, but not without shooting John a dirty look. "I'm bored, John. That's no reason-"
“Well, she said she would keep a few things b,ack and when you were good you would be able to have them to experiment on.”
“No, he wouldn’t. He’s too focused on the bigger picture to care.”
That put Mycroft in a difficult position- stay where he was and fight Irene off, leaving his brother cuffed tight enough to do damage, or step aside and let Irene do whatever she wanted.
“Bend your knees then, pet, and spread your legs open. Wide as you can.”
John closed his eyes and fell back against the wall. “Is this deliberate? Is someone deliberately setting my sub up?”
"Not on holiday," Greg said firmly. "He's strictly wearing jeans and the shirts I picked out for him. Just wait until you see how they show off his arse."
“Good.” He pulled the younger man up onto his lap and held him close.
The doctor returned to the living room, his hand cradling the back of Finn's head. "We can go now. Everything's fine."
“No, no, no, get her out,” Sherlock grumbled.
“By all means fight how you like now,” John offered.
“You trusted me to uncuff you and nothing else. Would you be willing to trust me if I gave you my word that your choice of rewards, whatever they may be will not be withheld from you if you have earned them?”
The man behind him laughed... the Irishman. “You know who I am, Sherly.”
John's hand had gone still in Sherlock's curls. The detective gave it a nudge and gave another purr when his Dom started stroking him again.
The Dom snatched up lube and a plug, deciding against the fucking machine. He spread his pet’s hole and eased a finger in. Slowly. Enough to torment the boy into keeping still for a moment. Sherlock couldn’t see so he had no idea what John was about to do or what toys he was about to use. That one finger went in and out several times, John even tried to twist it to find his special spot, but he was too tight. Sighing, he pushed another finger inside and it was at that point that Sherlock started thrusting into the fingers.
Sherlock frowned, more confused. “Sir?”
"Sir," Mycroft said as he entered the room, "are they okay?"
“Well your son is searching your pockets. Most likely for your phone.”
“Your backside is a mess,” Greg said, reaching out and rubbing Mycroft’s arm. “I’m a mess too. Let's get cleaned up and see what John and Sherlock are up to.”
“Sherlock, hasn’t John already told you numerous times he doesn’t want this sub?”
"That's twice, Sherlock." She leant forward to kiss him, but he wrenched his head to the side.
The Dom’s voice carried down the stairs and Sherlock’s head ducked, he had been doing so well!
As he climbed the stairs to place his new under clothes in his chest of drawers, he noticed his bedroom door was ajar. He always shut it because Sherlock wasn’t allowed in there and a closed door was a lot less temptation than an open one. He didn’t lock it however, John had always had a level of trust with his subs, and they always responded better to the trust working both ways. Him not locking the door to his bedroom meant that the subs stayed out through choice; through the will of not wanting to upset their Dom. He wanted to believe he could trust his pet, but as he loomed closer to his room he was finding it less and less likely.
“Come with you?”
"I don't see why not, if John and Greg don't object."
“Tut tut," Moriarty shook his head. “Naughty boy shouldn't be speaking.”
"Sure."
"Get the door, Sherlock!" John yelled at the knock.
Mrs. Hudson laughed. “It means, your dads are mad so you’ll have to be mad too.”
Sherlock shrugged, though John couldn't see from the kitchen.
Greg lowered his boy to the floor and they started working on his bonds. When Mycroft was free of all the rope he closed his eyes at what John was holding. "Cage is going back on, boy," the doctor told him.
"Sherlock, we heard you the first time," Mycroft complained.
Mycroft couldn't resist for long and soon it was just the two Doms left chatting.
John was surprised by the response, he expected some attempt at a thank you rather than vague indifference. To get the kneeling man’s attention back on him rather than wherever it had drifted off to, he shoved his fingers into his mouth. The boy’s eyes darted up to him in shock, but that was the extent of his response.
“But-”
“Whichever you prefer, sir.”
“Either way, I’m going to ask you some questions. I want you to answer them as honestly and truthfully as you can. Okay?”
Greg splashed down in the water, sitting by his boy. He secretly thought Mycroft was right and fully intended to talk to John at the first opportunity.
“Thank you, Mr. Holmes.”
“Yes, sir.”
Sherlock sat up in his chair and tucked his hands together on the table. He decided sarcasm was needed. “Either way, you're wasted as a cabbie.”
Sherlock had a few words he could use around about now but he kept his mouth shut. His eyes sought out John's and he nodded slightly – he was fine, just shaken up a little. There was no immediate rush.
The doctor clocked him on the back of the head. "No. Shut up. I don't know what has got into you but we are on holiday!"
"Shut. It." Greg grabbed Mycroft's chin in his fist.
Realising the respectful address of the Dom had gone somewhere and his tone had become somewhat whiny he shook his head. “No, sir. Sorry, sir.”
"Prove to me how sorry you are."
"Piss off! I need to find John."
"I don't care what it is, we are going back inside."
It was less than 10 minutes before Greg arrived, flashing blue lights on his unmarked. The area car pulled up behind the DI and set about taking over the citizen's arrest John was carrying out.
Sherlock blinked once and held his breath for a moment. “I’m here to see Detective Inspector Lestrade.”
Tears rolled down his face. He had never found himself missing someone as much as he missed John Watson right now. His arms had lost all the feeling, as all the blood had no doubt flowed down, given the position he had held for so long, but he daren’t move. What felt like only moments later, the leash clicked again, letting loose the leash he had had the night before. Sniffing and trembling even more Sherlock curled himself into a ball once again, ignoring the food and ignoring the rest of the room. John still stood in the doorway. It was nowhere near night time, but Sherlock wouldn’t know that, he would have lost all sense of time by now. He had expected the brat to look up and across at the door; try to escape like he had that first week, but when he just curled up on the floor he decided to make a move towards him.
“The news. The serial suicides, you said it earlier.”
The two men found Finn in the toilets trying bravely not to cry. John held back as Sherlock approached him. The boy was still so small, he had wedged himself between the toilet and the wall.
"You get one chance. That was it. Now bend over."
John didn't know what it was that ran through him when Sherlock was perfectly presentable in his suit. Yes he did, he grabbed the boy by the scruff if his neck and pushed him into the wall, before pressing his own lips to Sherlock's.
Eurus walked in, her hands clasped behind her back and her face eerily blank. She walked over to Irene and slapped her.
It was merely another sign of how much Eurus and the Adler woman had gotten to him. Their sister always got to him, but with Irene helping, it seemed to have been easier than normal.
Content at last, Donovan reached over and flicked the tape on. She read out the usual procedural nonsense and then tilted her head on one side, observing the sub.
Sherlock glanced at John questioningly.
“Not so sure about that. We’re into the third month.”
With a laugh and a pat on the head for Mycroft, Greg stooped down and started decorating his own sub's cock with the pegs.
Sherlock squinted at his brother and then smirked, not managing to contain his chuckle.
“Just following Mr. Holmes’ orders, sir.”
John walked down the hall and tapped on the door frame to the room where Sherlock was suspended. "Greg, leave that one. There's a Bond movie coming on in a few minutes."
Mycroft had managed to drift into a light slumber, but the moment the doctor touched him, he jerked awake.
"And?"
"Mycroft?" The Superintendent offered, shoving his sub forward.
He grabbed John as soon as he raced out and shoved him into the wall with a thud. A few grunts and yells later and the doctor was pressed up against the wall, his right arm up his back, his hand between his shoulder blades and a set of cuffs wrapped around his left wrist.
"But, sir-"
“You’ll regret that comment, boy,” John told him. He cuffed his arms in front of him and locked the door, setting the alarm on the way out.
The barrister nodded once. “Quite right. And with Mycroft’s statement to shortly follow, Mrs. Holmes’ plea may change.”
"Tomorrow, sir," he puffed.
The younger man looked up to see his Dom stood in the doorway, arms folded. “Now let go,” he used his cane to point at the hands that were tight around his leash.
Sherlock looked away. “Look, it doesn’t matter. He was a twat. I wanted out from everything. And I did for 4 days.” He was still incredibly proud of himself for that, he didn't know if Mycroft had got involved with the hunt to find him but even if he hadn't, hiding from John with all his gadgets and Dom skills was impressive enough.
This time just Sherlock’s expression showed how much he clearly just wanted to growl and keep running with his phone in his pocket. “I’m sorry, Mrs. Hudson.”
The doctor kissed Sherlock on the cheek, then he tousled Finn's hair. "Time to make the waffles." He picked up the bowl and stirred it, mixing in the chocolate chips in a bit more, then he poured some of the batter into the waffle iron.
“I'm assuming she ran straight to him when I kicked her out the car telling him how close to the case I am.”
John caught his chin in his hand. Sherlock didn’t resist as the doctor sought his gaze. The Dom searched for a moment before letting him go and cupping his cheek instead, apparently happy with what he found. Remorse, guilt and a touch of… fear? The beginnings of submission. John smiled.
“Whatever.”
The Dom paused at the door and took in the state of his sub. He was clearly not in a social mood, but he didn’t care. He was still his submissive, he should respond appropriately when he approached. The fact his arse was probably still smarting a bit and his cock was still caged made John believe Sherlock would behave.
Sherlock found John bouncing Finn on the bed. He smiled to himself and dressed quickly, glad that the little boy didn’t seem to be distressed any more.
"We’re making waffles!" Mycroft yelled out.
"You're family. Of course I'm here." The DI did feel like Sherlock was family and he cared about him very much. It had never occurred to him not to offer his support with his presence. “And anyway, someone has to drive.”
John laughed, the boy actually said please, a word he doubted had ever crossed his thought processes let alone his tongue. Then he nodded back. “My gorgeous boy can sit with me naked if he wants too.”
Sherlock’s head jerked in the affirmative, but this time John wasn’t satisfied so used his grip of the detective’s ear to pull him out of the door.
John had led his sub to the kitchen where he prepared tea for them both. He knew there was no point starting a conversation with the younger man. He was too distant to be able to construct a sentence, let alone a conversation.
Donovan had appeared at the door in short order, opening the hatch and staring in at him like he was some sort of caged dog.
The sub struggled not to move, but it was a difficult position to maintain. Despite what John had said, he struggled to go back to 'normal'. He'd managed to be perfect for days. Why bother being not perfect now?
The detective’s smile was lopsided even as he changed to, “Greg?”
Even though John's words had been quiet, Sherlock heard him. "Not that again. It's not a person."
“But you said-”
Mycroft ignored the Dominatrix and the grip she had on him and instead turned his attention on his sister. "Since when do you call me Ice Man?"
Donovan let out a dry chuckle at that, intimidation... of a psychopath, was that even possible? She didn't respond to the solicitor, just returned her attention to Sherlock again.
The detective’s head nodded minutely. He stood like that for a long while, holding him until he decided to remove the hood and the gag.
He did.
“No sub enjoys being punished. If they do, the Dom isn’t doing it right. No Dom enjoys punishing their sub. If they do, again they are not doing it right. However it has to be done for lessons to be learned, if not they are repeated. Do you consent to your punishment boy?”
He was surprised further when Sherlock didn't argue. It looked like it was punishment accepted.
“Get off!” Sherlock snapped. “Piss off, go back to my brother and tell him to piss off too!”
As he explored the area, he came to a
"What was that, boy?"
Greg seemed to catch on to exactly what Mycroft had been laughing at. "Is that something you want me to do to you?"
Sherlock was 15 yards away when Mycroft whimpered.
"Nooooooooo," Mycroft moaned.
“I will try my best, thanks again, Greg.”
"What is it, Sherlock?"
The door swung back on large hinges unveiling a large room. Sherlock was right on the dungeon idea. The room was split down the middle, one side for playing the other clearly for punishment.
"Come with me, pet," Greg ordered. "I want to dry you off."
"He did what you wanted!" Mycroft yelled trying to get to his feet. He couldn't bear to see Sherlock just hang there, not struggling, defeated.
Greg grunted out a puff of pain. "Yes, sir."
The thought that his brother might have seen this before him was infuriating. He was preparing what he would say to his brother the next time he saw him when he suddenly knew Mycroft had never been here. He didn't know how he knew, but he did. It was like the knowledge had simply appeared in his mind.
When the doctor followed the other man through to the kitchen 10 minutes later because of the smell of burning bacon, he found Sherlock walking round a silver figure in the kitchen.
Both the Doms heads snapped around at that. John looked over his shoulder towards the loo before standing up and poking his head in. Finding it empty, he returned to the desk which the waiter Sherlock had called Billy stood.
The doctor barked a laugh. "I know the truth as well as you do, but I still find him adorable. And insufferable," he added. He paused for a moment then looked up in confusion. "Are you scared of me, Superintendent?"
“Ow!” He snapped, trying to tug free. He wanted the Dom to just leave him alone.
Positioning the machine just so, John pushed the dildo right up against his pet's entrance. He looked up so he could see Sherlock's face, then he flicked the machine on.
They both nodded. “Well this is Sherlock and Mycroft’s Dad. And John is holding their son, Finn.”
“What is it, pet?”
“So how old were you at this point?” John silently encouraged him to sit up and he passed him his tea.
"What for?"
“Sherlock?”
"Would you like some tea?" John asked, ringing the small bell beside his chair.
"N-nine, sir, he stuttered, turning his head slightly to wipe his eyes.
"That's a good boy," she patted his cock with her hand. "There's no need for rudeness."
“But I was enjoying my coffee.”
The doctor leant down and scooped Sherlock up in his arms, unable to resist a moment longer. "I don't think I can hold myself back." He began kissing his sub all over his face then down his neck.
It was a further 10 minutes when John seemed to be finished with his paper. He stood silently and walked to the door, shortening the leeway in the leash and forcing Sherlock to shuffle that little bit faster to match his pace and not get choked.
"If I might interject," Mycroft couldn't hold his tongue any longer. "Yes, you hate him being perfect, but you hate him being the way he has been these last few days even more. There's a middle ground you've found over the years. You've just lost it."
Sherlock felt himself getting jealous, so he directed his gaze out to sea. The last thing he needed was to be caught glaring at his brother and Greg.
Sherlock kept himself absolutely still, staying still meant staying out of trouble. He loved John too much to let him go. Especially if behaving was all it took.
“But it's obvious he set me up!” Sherlock snapped. Why couldn't anyone else see it? Why were they all blind and dumb and too slow to make a difference.
Regaining his composure, the Dom smiled. “For accepting your punishment without argument and addressing me properly for the first time, I will halve the number of strokes I am about to give you.”
“Oh.” The little boy sounded profoundly disappointed.
"Bloody hell," Greg said, laughing. "I didn't know I was that good."
Irene did a double-take and shook her head as if to clear it. "Yes, I am."
"Yeah. Something to do with L.I.N.D.A."
John turned back to Greg, his height at a disadvantage seeing the few steps he had already taken on his route down. “I do apologise for the rudeness and abruptness of my sub, Greg.”
He had pushed him to his knees when they were outside of the living room and had made him crawl to the top of the stairs.
“Yes, sir,” Sherlock choked out, the position was already uncomfortable and he didn’t want to stay there any longer than absolutely necessary.
The night before had been incredibly strange, but the weirdest it got was when Mycroft had said 'Moriarty' then vanished completely.
"You didn't say there was a case."
It was half an hour before there was any sign or movement and the Dom was beginning to think that the detective wasn’t in here at all and was indeed down in his lab concentrating on some experiment, that to John, who’s degree was in medicine, not chemistry, would be absolute gibberish. However, slowly, a mop of brown curls appeared first, then the rest of the boy. He stood up as quickly and quietly as he could and made for the door immediately.
His Dom had gone out an hour ago... to have a bath... meet a client... go shopping or something. He hadn’t been paying much attention. John had just forced his phone off silent and left it where Sherlock could reach it.
Almost immediately, John had Sherlock’s arm locked up his back again and shoved him into the wall. “Your behaviour is unacceptable. I will punish you how I see fit. You DO NOT get a say in it.”
"That's not why I'm not answering it!"
Sherlock winced as he realised what he had just done. If he hadn’t been feeling guilty after being tied to the table, he definitely was now. He fell silent, his head dropping. He had never done such a thing to a Dom like that before. He did have some sense of self-preservation, at least when it came to being locked in a house with the same man he had shouted at. The closest he had come to that sort of attitude hadn’t had a great reaction. In a way, he realised he must have trusted his Dom already, enough for there to be no physical retribution immediately.
"But I love you."
The vibrator shifted inside him and he groaned, fighting the cuffs around his feet and hands for a few seconds, as if it would help his situation. He knew what would help, but he couldn't bring himself to cooperate… how humiliating!
Sherlock bent down to meet the kiss that John placed on his lips. Still carrying Finn, he sat down carefully so as not to wake him. The doctor sat next to them, his expression relaxed.
Rather than just walking towards the stairs, Finn ran in a clear sulk. Sherlock sighed and glanced to his father.
"No, sir," Sherlock puffed. "I'm sorry, sir."
He nodded slightly.
The Superintendent laughed. "Oh yeah."
"Don't even try it," Greg said coming up behind him and dragging him upright by the hair.
"I apologise, Eurus."
The detective scooped him up and dumped him on his shoulders. “I know. Now are we going to play with your truck before uncle Mycroft gets back?”
John glanced down at his kneeling sub and smirked. “He hasn’t said a word since we got here. And we got here a while ago.”
"Wha- Is there a case?" The doctor batted his sub away, not awake enough to really think. "Did Greg call?" He sat up, rubbing at his eyes and groaning.
Of course, John had heard all that, but he’d chosen that time to make himself known. He’d been unsure how far his sub would go, but he couldn’t listen to it anymore.
Irene yanked his head back with her hand in his hair. "I don't think your sister wants to talk to you, Ice Man." Irene kicked him swiftly between the legs then let go of his hair. "I don't want to talk to you."
“I think you're in need for subspace, pet,” John spoke after a long while of watching his boy eat.
John was sat in a cafe near Baker Street, contemplating what he was going to do with Sherlock. He knew the boy wasn't a murderer. Someone was setting him up, but who? And why? So many questions and he didn't even know where to start looking for answers. He shoved his hand in his pocket and pulled out his phone again. He scrolled through the calls list. He had phoned the elder Holmes 19 times with no response on each attempt. Mycroft never missed his calls. Not only was John a personal friend, but he was a Dom too, Mycroft had always respected that. Twice he had missed his calls in the past and he had phoned back straight away. It had been hours and nothing. What the bloody hell was he playing at?
His boy hadn’t been against the idea of someone new coming over tonight. John had made sure to watch him closely when he had brought it up that morning and he seemed more intent on showing off than disagreeing completely with the presence of new people. John would have postponed if he hadn’t been comfortable, but his reaction had given him confidence that he would be ok. His response to the knock on the door had been more on the side of caution, but from how he had acted this morning, he had thought that he was not only wary of the unknown but of wearing clothes also. To a Dom, changing clothes was nothing except an everyday thing, but to a sub, especially one as reluctant to submit as Sherlock was the majority of the time, it would be more of a big deal. At least, that was the conclusion he had originally come to, but then he still wasn’t himself. He had begun to wonder whether he should make excuses and get rid of the other Dom and that maybe it was too soon. Maybe it was just the detective being cocky this morning that had made them both think otherwise. He had been surprised yet again when his pet appeared in the doorway after popping the kettle on the hob. Surely, if he wanted to be out of the way, he would have waited with it and if things had been too bad, he would have safe worded- out of the room or the contract. Not that John wanted that. The longer he spent with the younger man, the more obvious the attraction was becoming. He had returned of his own volition and the touch of a hand seemed to keep his Panic levels well below the explosion level which John had seen- both in full force and the subtle. Panic had been averted by low conversation, kneeling and John’s hand hovering nearby. It seemed to have worked just as successfully this time and the last thing he wanted was to unsettle him further by making him get off his knees at the demand of tea.
“I’m sorry, sir, I’m a bit… muddled still.”
John thankfully interrupted the detective’s thoughts, Sherlock didn’t like where they were heading.
“But-”
“Of course I know him. He’s my boss.” The way he said it, he was trying to make out that the blond had no idea what he was talking about.
"I'm sorry, sir," Sherlock whispered.
She had been expecting the consulting detective to at least attempt to move away but he didn't. She carried on with the kiss, seeing if he would react but still nothing.
Greg laughed evilly as he continued his little licks.
"Sherlock. Boy!" John snapped. That got an instant reaction from the detective.
John managed to get the boy across the room and onto the bed, it took a lot of manoeuvring as the brat did not stop fidgeting the entire time and trying to lift Sherlock when he wanted to be lifted was such an easier feat.
With that, Sherlock grabbed the doctor's hand and yanked him towards the bathroom.
When John awoke, the first thing he did was check the camera feed as he had so many times during the night.
Both of them stared at the door in shock for a moment.
“He’s your sub,” Sherlock growled. “And you don’t know...”
Sherlock was smart enough to duck his head in shame. “Yes, sir.”
"Didn't think so."
“Yes, pet?”
Mycroft shook his head sadly and ran his hand through his little brother's curls. "Pick a side, Sherlock. Because I know what side I'm on."
"Suck," John ordered pointing at Sherlock's over-sensitive cock.
“Now!” Moriarty yelled. “Big brother is watching.” He indicated the camera again with the gun.
“You’re going to have to tell me, pet,” he said eventually.
"Now, sub."
Mycroft groaned when the doctor returned with a tub of ice cubes.
The thing seemed to walk over to John and started 'watching' him.
Mycroft did something brilliant with his tongue and John had to work hard no to come then and there.
John glanced at the coffee shop and then at his sub. Before he could ask Sherlock, Irene grabbed his hand and pulled him through the door, muttering, "As if he has any say in the matter."
"Bloody hell." The doctor looked at his boy with sudden understanding. "We've just been giving him what he wants."
That surprised the consulting detective. “Really, sir?”
“I can,” John offered. “This is only going to get worse the longer he is with us.”
The detective’s head snapped up then he snorted. “Sort of.”
He smiled when Sherlock dropped to his knees, his hands going behind his head. The boy was definitely learning. At long last.
It didn't take long for a collar to be wrapped around his neck and the muzzle be attached to it. It prevented any head movement at all.
Greg bit his lip to hold in his whimper. He wasn't going to give the Dom the satisfaction of hearing him.
"Now go back to massaging my shoulder."
Greg caught him easily and threw him into the wall.
"Yes, sir."
Content his sub had drank enough for the moment, John set about removing the vibrator from inside him, then the clamps, then he started on the cock rope, unravelling it.
"Why are you doing this to us now?" He croaked.
"I am, sir. I swear it."
“Do you feel like you’re still in subspace?”
“I know you are, boy, but that doesn't change what you did or why you did it. So close to the time before as well.”
“I tried to run.”
“Don’t what?”
Slowly, the detective shifted on the bed and rested his head in John’s lap. Thinking back on it, he was surprised how much he had lost it. Since being a teenager things like his temper had tended to be controlled... just like Mycroft’s. But he had seen first hand that Mycroft couldn’t always control himself... especially with Panic. But this time it wasn’t Panic, it wasn’t natural submissive instincts, it was him.
"We're here for a few weeks. There's plenty of time for games," John replied.
John cleared his throat, getting everyone's attention. "It's time to go," he announced.
Eurus appeared with two glasses and a chilled bottle of wine, already opened and allowed to breath. "I thought we could share a few glasses of wine whilst we watched my brothers. They are fascinating."
The older man grinned and winked. He was, but only from time as a child, Greg never had reason to do it to him now.
Then the blindfold was ripped off.
Sherlock glanced between the doctor and the bathroom door, then he stamped his foot. "What do you want me to do, sir?"
house without me knowing?“ the doctor stared down at the government official.
“And where do you thing you were going?” he asked.
"When we got here, you both began going... soft I suppose is the best way to describe it, instead of being the stricter Doms we had agreed you'd be."
He waited another full minute before getting to his feet and glancing around the room. With a huff, he went straight out the door...
“I didn’t stay when you told me to, sir.”
"Good morning, pet," the Dom said, rolling on top of Sherlock. "I promised you a bit of play today. Are you up for it?"
Ah. That hadn’t been expected.
John dragged him as uncomfortably as he could make him all the way up to the play room.
"But, sir-"
Eurus grinned then clapped her hands. "Yes! Do it!" She stepped back, dragging the detective with her by the curls.
Sherlock didn't respond, so John took his ear in between his fingers and squeezed.
“But Dad, you laughed-”
Kate nodded. “Mistress uses them when she's working.”
“What are you doing?”
She reached down and gripped his curls hard. She yanked him up straight.
Finn sat kicking his feet while the man at the front of the court discussed the way things would go and then Mrs. Holmes was brought in. He didn't really pay any attention, though, until Sherlock was called as the first witness. When that happened, he climbed up on his knees, the better to see him as he came in.
He managed to make it through the lift ride without drawing any attention to himself. He was used to unfamiliar areas but this place made him feel uneasy.
“No, I wasn’t.”
Sherlock dropped to his knees beside John’s place and rested his hands behind his back.
To both of their surprise, John dragged a fully dressed detective into their room. He was clad in a shirt and jeans, with one of John's jumpers on.
Everyone knew Sherlock wasn’t stupid, but they still underestimated him, even his arsehole of a brother. All his life he was underestimated, at school, at university, by his parents, by his brother, it was something he had long since turned to his advantage.
Mycroft came back with coffees for everyone.
Sherlock's grin got wider. It was weird seeing Sherlock react without seeing his eyes doing the same. "I'm a volcano!" the detective said happily. "Like the one at Pompeii. Whoosh, and no one can resist me." He kicked his feet up in the air and rested them against the ceiling of the car.
Irene licked her red lips and looked from one brother to the other. "It's really no contest, is it?" She approached Sherlock, walking in a seductive manner. "Open that pretty mouth for me, dear."
. 12.50MB
“Why are you saying that?”
"Shut it, boy. John could you fetch him a a gag, please, mate?"
"You're sure about that, boy?"
Mycroft’s smile was bright, a rare sight that only Greg normally got to see. "I shall certainly see to that."
Sherlock glanced over his shoulder. “I-”
Mycroft's smile was dangerous. “He got what was coming to him, I can assure you.”
Mycroft had deduced the truth of the matter, but he wasn't about to expose Sherlock's secret. His brother was going to have to learn to talk to John honestly and openly. Him saying something wouldn't accomplish anything.
John reached over and pulled his head back again.
"Two good little doggies."
The doctor sighed heavily and Sherlock looked up in worry, realising he'd made a mistake when he saw what was in John's hand.
In fact, the government official was shaking all over and hung limply in his bonds.
Instead, he closed his eyes and nodded his consent to Irene. She stepped forward and crouched in front of him. "I will remove your gag, but you are going to be a very polite, respectful boy. You will do as you are told and say what you are told. Are we clear?"
It wasn't long before Sherlock's head was against his knee, his boy's soft curls rising and falling with each deep breath. A sudden thought occurred to him, the sub grumbled when John's hand left his hair to route through his pockets in search of his phone.
