“So what’d’ya in for?”
“And why would you ever do that for?”
“Oh. I’m John Watson. I’m here for intrusion on military property.”
“NO TALKING.” The guard yelled.
How do I know all this?
John was devastated, of sorts. He was only 13 years old, after all. His heartbreak soon turned to anger… and he pulled the stupid stunt that ended him up riding the bus to Camp Green Lake.
“Name’s Greg Lestrade. I said: what’d’ya in for?” Greg repeated himself in a bored manner, not too impressed by how slow John seems to be.
John can feels his eye muscle twitching and wills it to stop. He doesn’t need Greg’s sympathy and he doesn’t need to hear how weak his own protests sound.
“Hang Wilkes!” John said with a quick laugh. He walked over to his desk to pick up the room phone, still without his cane, and began to painstakingly hunt for the finger holes. John dialed a phone at a snail’s pace, as if he hadn’t quite mastered the ability to push his fingers into holes and rotate precisely. If it were anyone else he would have found it extremely annoying, but in this exact moment it was strangely and intensely endearing.
“Fantastic,” John griped, only partially under his breath. “I’m the bot babysitter.”
Ignoring John’s suggestion for him to
John twisted his head to stare at them.
> Piss off. As I was saying, I was just thinking that not everything in the other guide was. Well, you know. Your cup of tea.
“What game do you think you’re playing at?” Harry Watson demanded sharply, sober in a way only true alcoholics could be after that many brandies, judging by the smell of her breath. “That little costume joke earlier,
Leaning over his desk to open his laptop again, John expected to find a new sexually adventurous email from his soon to be ex on the proper use of rope or silk ties, only to find a reply. From SH.
,” he cried - how could John somehow not
“You mean, you can tell a person’s secrets just from looking at them?” Watson asked, while licking his lips again.
“Mr Watson, we’re both sorry about this business,” Colonel Barclay began immediately. “You both should head home and get some rest. We all wish you wouldn’t need to go through with the formality and the publicity of an inquest, but -” the Colonel trailed off. John’s smile only seemed to grow tighter as the Colonel continued.
(See the end of the chapter for
> Use nails. Start at the back, and work your way towards to front. Got it.
“You’re not in any trouble Anderson,” Colonel Barclay said, attempting to redirect the questioning. “If you don’t remember this man, do you maybe remember Mrs Watson?”
A goat? Sherlock sits up against the headboard.
Irene descended the stairs, not deterred in the slightest. “This castle is a sitting duck, and with my magic you could put your protection spells back up. These hills may be remote, but the castle can still be found, and everyone knows you live up here. They just haven’t been trying before. Now, they will be.”
As John bobbed his head, Sherlock’s hips started to shift in tiny circles, clearly wanting to thrust up into his mouth, but still restraining himself. With the desire to make that control fall to pieces, John reached lower to cup his balls, rolling them gently, and Sherlock at last moaned, loud and long.
Now it was John’s turn to raise his brows, a small smirk growing across his face before he could stop himself. If the man had intended for that comment to annoy John, he was way off the mark, and had shown his hand a bit in the process.
_______
Those lips were certainly perfect for... giving, but the hotline worker couldn’t see that for himself anyway. “Receive I think,” John said, and shortly after regretted it.
“I want to go home,” he choked out, his voice audibly wavering.
John noticed now that the man seemed to read his lips almost exclusively, barely even glancing at John’s hands when he signed. Even that pissed John off. What was the point of John searching his memory for the right gesture, when the man could apparently lip read perfectly?
“If he’s asking for me, Molly, you can send him back over,” John said gently. He was already kicking himself for what he had a feeling he was about to go through with.
He tried to cut John off. “John it’s fine, whatever this is, I’ve already said I don’t care about that.”
(Apologies in advance for any mistakes still left in here, an almost 8k chapter in a week is a bit faster than I'm used to. As always, a million thanks to my betas Anna and Soli <3)
“Now, of course,” Irene continued, “all the pictures would work fine as costumes, but the real show stopper is the one with the brother and sister. The two siblings dressed all in white? You could even get a wig. I think you could pull of blond.”
Watson’s gaze softened. Watson looking at him in sympathy was not unlike a physical touch, and perhaps just as comforting.
“I’m sure he just forgot to, Moriarty,” John replied, with much more anger than he had expected. Was John actually upset with him over this?
There’s a beat and then both men dissolve into quiet chuckling (which turn into giggles for John). It’s like the first night all over again when they’d laughed together in the corridor. All at once they move towards one another.
And Sherlock’s reticence about telling John certain things didn’t seem to be a reflection of how comfortable he was with John. He prompted John to take all sorts of other liberties, including asking him to pull things out of his coat for him, while it was still being worn.
John brought the white sofa out from the living area’s wall, and after browsing the Hudson’s database, began to project the selected action film. The projector on the Hudson wasn’t quite up to home theatre quality, but John thought the explosions still looked pretty good, especially given that the cubed display was no wider than the game board.
John laughed, assuming this was just another of Sherlock’s idiosyncrasies. “Well, I was thinking of calling him ‘vegetable head.’”
She seems to momentarily consider prior to responding. “You will need to finish the first task, first.”
“He’s used to going that way clearly. Where does it lead?” he asked. While he’d made an in depth exploration of the house, he had yet to cover the surrounding woods.
The doors of the lift were closing.
John yelled over the sound, grimacing with his hands firmly over his ears. “Sherlock, do you know what that’s about?”
Sherlock tilted his head towards John on the carpet, curls squashed against the rough material, making him look terribly young. Sherlock’s smile, which was a touch impish, only added to the effect. “I was thinking about JHW.”
There was a back rest, a pillow John realised, that was now level with the man’s groin. John watched on, knowing now that the man must have been rutting against it, in little short bursts. His head twisted back again to look at John, mouth hanging open as he took in gasping breaths of air.
John blinked, at first mistrusting his eyes, but the shadow continued to grow until a black bubble had formed. As the black form grew further, it became apparent that the bubble was in fact a bulbous nose in the center of an eyeless face. With increasing alarm, John watched as the entire dark outline of a person seeped out from the crack in the wall, complete with a straw boater hat atop its head.
“Hello?” Sherlock had still not moved past the steps.
This was his promise. From now on, John would have to know, and he would never be able to suggest otherwise again. Sherlock doubted he would be able to come like this, but he hadn’t expected to. It was more than enough watching John’s face, overcome with the intensity of the feeling, as though Sherlock was the best thing he’d ever found. John’s constant praise made Sherlock feel not unlike a God - telling him he was so good, he felt amazing, that he was
When John finally allowed himself to steal a glance downward, he discovered the source of the unusual amount of pre-come, and the difference he imagined Sherlock had been alluding to earlier.
Sherlock met his eyes and nodded, and then focussed very intently on their hands, still touching his collar bone and shoulder.
“Good,” John cleared his throat, before repeating himself. “Good.”
“Should we—” John motioned to the sofa ”—sit, so I can… help?”
“Oh, lucky you! Truly spoiled, honestly. Maybe you’ll get good enough to play with me,” Wilkes said, dealing out the cards.
He blinked across the table at John, jarred from being pulled out of his mind. He hadn’t realized he’d been so lost in his own thoughts.
Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat. He wished he could see John’s face, and what it was giving away.
John still lived with the anxiety of the suicide looming around the corner, weighing on him all that night and into the next day. He had a feeling that it was all about to happen, and soon. That morning he took a stiff, brisk walk through Russell Square to get outside. Leaning heavily on his cane with each step, he couldn’t shake the feeling that he was a day late.
Sherlock watched John leave with reluctance, and listened to his car pull out from the gravel drive.
John’s question didn’t remain unanswered for long, as Molly scooted out from behind her monitor a moment later.
“You’re persuading me to think about how much work those things were to organize. Who you should
Their eyes met and held for a long three seconds. He drew in a rattling breath. Why was it hard to breathe? The careless request obviously belied a darker challenge, but he could not fathom it, nor Watson himself.
John ended up reading the entire website, most of it either over his head or too boring to ever enter it in the first place. While not amazed by the content, John found the diction to be uncanny. It was definitely
Clara, of all people, let out a startled cry, and covered her mouth with her hand. It had almost sounded like she was afraid.
“Why would I get knocked unconscious from behind, and then Sherlock crawl out of a window instead of opening the front door?”
He felt resentful at the moment. John had clearly been thinking about Mary, and then had said he wasn’t. And now John was leaving him for a day. He had originally told John no out of consideration - John was so dreadfully worried about boring him, and he would absolutely be bored beyond all reason at a
“Is that true Watson?” the Colonel asked.
It started to rain sometime after John left, but even over the sound of it against the window, he could still hear when a car arrived. He didn’t bother to make a fool of himself peering out the library window to see who it was. The sound of its tires against the wet gravel was more than enough to identify that it wasn’t John returning. It was bold of him to drive up the house, this time around, but Sherlock should have suspected it for this confrontation.
The man’s hands now stilled, one pressed against his neck where John had shown he would kiss, and the other clasping the edge of his sheet, holding it up against his shoulder. In the poor quality of the video call window, John could just make out his eyes darkening, pupils expanding.
“No, love. It’s you. It’s always you.”
That was certainly plausible, but what had given John cause to suspect it? And if it was true, how could John have guessed at it before him, with the evidence they currently had?
> Updates?
John laughs, sounding nothing like laughter.
“What do you mean inconclusive?” David asked, suspicious to the last.
The extra set of arms slunk back into Sherlock’s body shortly after John entered the room, but Sherlock otherwise did not stir.
He would look the part of John’s husband, even if it was something he’d never done before. John seemed slightly surprised, but continued his smiling and departing pleasantries. They were talking about their grandmother. He hoped they would actually leave soon.
He, John, and Lestrade waved to them from the terrace.
> I’m sure you’d do better in person, as you keep saying.
“You’re a ridiculous man, John Watson,” he murmured into the kiss.
“You must be a very devoted shop assistant,” the Royal Wizard interrupted. “Coming all the way to the palace to tell me that.”
> I mean, is this a sample size of one? Have you gotten anyone else to read it and provide feedback? Maybe one of your partners?
“An incredible turn of events,” Watson commented. “And if they had only communicated with one another in private—her about her imagined jealousy, and him of his relationship with the owner—nothing would have ever needed to come of it.”
“And why would you do that, if you don’t mind my asking?”
“Oh?” Sherlock was rather intent on positioning tea cups in their saucers, turning one handle out to the right, and the other twisted to the left. John had a feeling he knew whose cup was whose. That Sherlock had noticed John was left-handed wasn’t in itself surprising, given Sherlock’s career, but there was an intense kind of conscientious about the cups, painstaking in its detail. John imagined Sherlock applied these rigorous and exacting standards to everything he did, which was the kind of thought that could make a man gulp.
If there had ever been fear in John’s eyes, it was no longer there, leaving only a quiet sadness behind. “I know you’re used to being the observer rather than the observed, and I can see why you’d hate that. I hate it too. It’s just -” John took a moment, as he frequently did when collecting himself for small speeches. Always choosing his words. He waited with bated breath.
Oh, John says. Oh.
“What the devil!” Watson cried, falling backward but caught the other man’s coat sleeve to stop his fall. “Why did you grab at me?”
He turned away, so as to hide any expression that might give himself away. He idly fussed with his hair in the mirror. “He seemed …interesting.”
“God, let’s hope we can beg off longer than that,” John muttered, at last putting the news down after having read mid-way down the page to the third paragraph on them having thrown a party the night before the boat’s discovery. (Sherlock couldn’t help but notice.)
“Don’t joke,” he said, his throat constricting around the words as he forced them out.
John was moving down his body, still stroking him languidly. Sherlock imagined John intended to suck him, and knew he wouldn’t last for very long. As a result, it was the surprise of his life when John licked around the base of his cock, but rather than moving up to take the length into his mouth, he slid further down, and licked around the rim of his slackened hole. If Sherlock had still been in possession of his mind, he would likely have been embarrassed by the howl he emitted as John ran his tongue around the outside of it, slipping just the tip of his tongue inside.
You’re overthinking it. The answer is frustratingly simple. Happy.
> Okay. I’m being rational now. How did you know that stuff.
He jumped at the sudden knock on his door. (John?)
“What were the two of you even talking about?” John asked. Again, too casual. What was he getting at?
“Man Line, which one of our blokes do you want tonight?”
While John in his fantasy was teasing him, he’d moved a pillow beneath his hips, and poured more oil into his right hand. He was spreading his legs with knees bent, the covers kicked off. His left hand had taken over the duty of stroking, his right slipping beneath.
Kept disappearing. Multiple disappearances. John stops in his tracks outside of the flat. He suddenly feels like he’s onto something. Don’t bad things normally come in threes?
The only thing that plagued him was the question of his costume. It couldn’t be anything too childish. A small part of him had always wanted to dress up as a pirate but…. no, his costume had to be more mature. He wanted to be seen as an adult. He wanted to be John’s husband. And no one’s suggestions were any good.
John breathed out a small sigh, and Sherlock could feel a shudder run through him. He had made quite the discovery with that particular phrasing. John truly was an embarrassing romantic.
That certainly turned the lady’s head in his direction. “Who said anything about a fake?” she asked, demurely.
“J...ohn,” the creature repeated, drawing out the only vowel. If John hadn’t already been sitting down, he might have fallen over. The alien had spoken, for one, and for another, they had done so in a voice significantly deeper than the earlier clicks and whirs.
“There would be no need for you to do anything,” Lestrade said. “Though if I may say so sir, I think you’d actually be quite talented at organizing such an event.”
Partially. The first incident was really due to John being doused with petrol (
He had lost feeling in the arm that Moriarty was holding. He suspected he would find a bruise there later. Moriarty never stopped grinning.
John and his ready-to-pack folded shirts returned to 221B (where else?), but with Sherlock still in hospital John was on his own. He hadn’t been alone in 221B since. Well.
“Wouldn’t blame her, would you? What with someone killing your dog and then electing to drop him off again.“ Lestrade shuffles his feet, obviously considering how to break something to John lightly. John is already offended by the anticipated coddling before Greg even opens his mouth.
Watson finally turned to look directly at him, but only once finished speaking.
His earlier amusement over John’s sister and her glibness left him at once. He suddenly felt the strong desire to boast of John’s hand in life, and his Manderley.
John tries to remember how he and Sherlock entered the previous night. Quietly and quickly. Maybe he’d try to be quieter this time. He unlocks the door and closes it behind him. The main hallway looms in front of him. In contrast with the waning light from outside, the open doorway they had uncovered earlier appears as though it leads to a dark abyss.
> Sherlock, you sent me a photo of toes.
Sherlock took John’s place in the armchair, hands steepled beneath his chin, and waited for the news. He needed to review all the facts, and discover what areas he might be missing. Sherlock, with eyes shut tight, relived the story he had just been told, based on the specifics John had provided. Sherlock imagined he had walked along the path to the cottage that night with John, and that after the act was committed, he watched John wrap his bleeding shoulder, knowing he would need to move a body regardless of the wound. Sherlock watched John carry her body to the cabin, drive holes into its planking, open the valves, all the while injured. John, on his last legs, cleaning away the evidence and stumbling back up to the house, his hand pressed into his shoulder, John knowing he would need to see to his own wound. John hiding in his room as the storm fully hit, the rain and wind howling, and finally, the confusion and guilt catching up with him.
At last, the final chapter !! A huge thanks to Anna for last minute touching up the ending coaching, and to Soli who beta'd this very long chapter even though she has an 8 hour exam on Monday.
(See the end of the chapter for
, considering nothing of any factual significance had ever been reported in any of its editions. John only read it for the crosswords.)
Sherlock’s frantic actions ceased, as he raised his head and held John’s face in both of his hands. “Connected… That’s it!” he cried, jostling John’s head in the process. “John, you’re a genius!”
John thought he understood. While he might not have phrased it as vulnerability, he did like a cuddle, and in his more recent sex life, that hadn’t been on the table. He had sex guides in his inbox, but nothing resembling the simple comforts of soft, post-sex intimacy. He missed it.
After a great deal of digging through one of the lower shelves by the table, John found a kit stocked full of fresh bandages, and a bottle of what he hoped was antiseptic.
John cleared his throat.
As he waited for his breathing to return to normal, he turned his face to the side. John placed a small kiss on his open mouth, and Sherlock trembled with the knowledge that this could be taken from him. Sherlock almost wished he hadn’t ruined the bath water, so they could stay in their own space for longer. It didn’t matter if he stashed newspapers in his drawers, he wouldn’t be able to hide John from the world forever. The only thing beyond those doors was the oncoming inquest, and John’s character being defamed in the public eye. Sherlock laid his head back onto John’s shoulder once more and closed his eyes, pretending for a moment that it would all be fine, and that it was just the two of them alone in the world.
“You said you wanted to make a mess of me,” Sherlock said simply, as the shirt was removed to reveal even more of that pale,
And so it became custom that while John worked, he would see to his own business, or play the violin for him. John seemed to enjoy this very much, even if he was just plucking at the strings absently.
“Who killed Mary?” Moriarty asked, simply. “Your kingdom for a riddle.”
“It can’t be avoided, yes, we’re aware,” Sherlock responded, before biting his tongue. “Thank you for all you’ve done,” he added graciously.
Sherlock despises the tube.
?” Sherlock said the word ‘funny’ like it had personally insulted his mother.
Sherlock openly observed John in profile, aiming for objectivity. What would the courtroom see? John’s mouth was a thin line, his jaw tight, and his eyes shadowed by a furrowed brow. He was grim, serious, but did not come across overly anxious. The stress showed around his eyes and mouth, and yet not any more so than one would expect of a man being asked to reopen old wounds.
“For us to start so late, after we have been friends and colleagues for so long... After the first blush of flirtation has passed, and all we do is dance around one another, again, and again. How does one proceed? How does anyone?”
“And since when do you check in on people?” John asked, incredulous. “I assume you didn’t find anything, seeing as there hasn’t been any news on him recently. I think I’d remember if there had been.”
“You’re going to figure it out on your own soon enough. I know you. Somehow, by some miracle, it hasn’t occurred to you yet, but with this - this thing that I have been sick with dread about - with that, there’ll be no way to keep you from it. God, this whole time, always wondering when you’d finally realize -”
“I’ll be by tomorrow afternoon,” Magnussen said, undeterred by John’s current attitude. “I will bring two guests with me, Mary’s once-lover David, and our magistrate the Colonel. I’m being generous, giving you the evening to reconsider your stance.”
They were not as far along as he had expected or hoped. He estimated this song and dance might take at least ten, though at most twenty, minutes.
“Don’t worry. High time you got a good night’s sleep.”
John’s expression suggested that he now doubted it very much, even though he had been the one to state the supposition. “Got that wrong, did I?” he asked.
“You can’t just magic yourself better?” John asked as he set to work, Sherlock oddly docile as John slipped his shirt off his shoulder. “How did you get yourself mended before I arrived?”
When they’d all assembled in the library, John motioned for David to begin.
“Can you read minds now too? And it’s not that I….” John trailed off, eyes shifting to Sherlock’s bare rib cage, which had been alarmingly visible earlier. “It’s just, you look like a human. And the arms were…. that was a very....”
This at the very least coaxed a small smile from John, which warmed him considerably, even with the trial looming over them.
“Meaning?”
“Believe me, I want that, more than anything,” John whispered back to him, his voice nearly breaking. “But there’s no time now. We only have maybe another few hours, perhaps a few days at most. They’ve found the boat, and Mary. Mary’s actual body. It’s all over.”
The contrast brought the reality of his situation into sharp focus. For a time, Sherlock had attempted to deny, resist, and fight the inevitable conclusion he had reached. Now, he was forced to simply live in acceptance of it.
, John?” Sherlock mocked. “Aren’t you their official technician?”
John wrapped his right hand around both of Sherlock’s wrists, holding the arms above Sherlock’s head in one hand, and using the other to trail back down to the zip of Sherlock’s ruined coveralls. John kissed Sherlock’s neck near the gills once, then twice. John left his hand on the zip, unmoving, waiting for the sign.
“Shall we follow?” Watson asked, rocking on his heels, eager for the possible confrontation. Sherlock realized Watson found the assembly as tedious as he did, and had been looking forward to being made useful: a pleasant thought.
> Right. Of course. Have you made any more progress on the scalp rubbing?
—but Sherlock’s hands had apparently relearned how to grip things, and were heaving him up from the floor.
The man stood before John had even finished signing. While holding the sheet around his waist, he turned around and kneeled on the chair’s seat with one knee, while the other leg remained outstretched, firmly planted on the ground.
“Any other family? Perhaps the people who gave you that lovely and unusual name," Watson suggested. Watson was of course teasing him, but it seemed to be the pleasant kind rather than what he was more familiar with. The waiter returned then, pouring coffee for them both, and providing him with a cup to hide behind at the opportune moment.
John expected Sherlock to offer a glib reply, but instead all he did was level her with a look of pure malice. John had never seen them interact before, and was surprised by it; he had never known Sherlock to be so filled with hatred just from seeing another person.
Jesus, John thought. The kid still lived with his mum—thank God he didn’t have to hear anything else sexual from him.
“The case would be confidential,” Sherlock said, accepting that the investigation would have to move forward. “We would need to explain the circumstances to him in person.”
“ Sherlock pauses momentarily to enact a wide eyed expression and hand flitting gesture, “
Lestrade nodded, and he and Moriarty exited the room. The nasty business was concluded.
But it had been him to cause the fuss in the first place, and if he was ever going to be a good ‘Master of Manderley’, he needed to be more responsible. His first instinct had been to be mad at John for being upset, but now frustratingly enough, he found himself mad that John
“Actually, I thought I’d even out the odds,” spoke a voice behind him, and the young boy dashed for the trees.
“You!” he cried. The incredulity was more than implied.
“That’s enough,” John said sharply, his face lowering once more.
“No, though not by any fault of their own,” he replied, not wishing to give offence, but as a result continued to show too much of his hand. Watson’s eyes were on him at once, curious.
> Yeah, yeah, I got it. Judging from the sites, whatever pricked this person happened after they were dead.
Magnussen paused in the doorway of the morning room, waiting for him to stand. “It will be a ways Mr Watson, as I didn’t drive up to the house.” He provided no explanation.
But still Moriarty hesitated in the doorway, his hand on the handle of the open door. It was the pantomime of recalling something, as though he still had something to say to him and was contemplating the words. Moriarty was like a shadow standing there, still watching him, appraising him with his sunken dark eyes set deep in his face. His head grew more and more similar to a skull the longer he observed it.
> A dog person?
Quite a large time window, truth be told.
John gasped at the first touch and reached out to brush a curl back from his face. “You don’t have to –” John began to say, but broke off when Sherlock suddenly leaned down to lick at just the tip. Sherlock pulled back briefly.
“No –  yes,” he said.
“Ah!” Sherlock cried as the kettle boiled, ignoring John, and rushing to pour the water into the pot. Once he was finished, he loaded up the tray, and turned back to John with a smile.
Sherlock can feel his cheeks flushing bright red at being called hot, not once, but twice by the man he has a sickness for.
Sherlock swallowed, his Adam’s apple bobbing. John watched as the redness of his cheeks seemed to spread down to his chest, just visible at the opening of his collar.
By luck, he caught sight of a maid outside the dining room. He recognized her now as Molly, the one John had said liked him.
Picking up the telephone partially hidden behind two beakers and a persian slipper, he rang through to the servant’s line. “Tell Moriarty we’re eating something hot,” he instructed to a surprised Robert, barely waiting to hear the clumsily stuttered “Yes sir” before hanging up. He crossed out the menu list items for good measure.
“What is ‘my world’?”
“I did tell you.”
“I’m sorry?”
The castle was decidedly stationary.
“You’re nothing like what I expected,” she said, dropping his hand as if she was now bored of it. “And call me Harry. Everyone does.”
He huffed again. He was rather annoyed, but whatever made John look so satisfied he supposed he could allow.
He eventually reached the top of the upcropping of rocks. Once he was beside the largest boulder obstructing his view, he could finally see down into another cove. The bay beyond it formed a tiny natural harbour, with a buoy anchored there. A buoy with no boat.
“What if I told you,” Sherlock began, “that I’ve made mistakes in the past. By keeping you in the dark.”
The visitors would enter the morning room or library, depending on the time of day, and always said the same lines, as if speaking from a script.
“Well, life at Manderley is the only thing that ever interests anybody down here.”
After the green goo tantrum and the disagreement over the conscription notice, John was more aware than ever that his ability to sleep was at the mercy of a mercurial wizard who could toss him out at any second.
Better than Jesus?
“Do I not seem shocked?” John responded, deadly quiet. Sherlock almost leapt from his chair to take over. It was a good job that he didn’t groan aloud.
“No, no, no,” Sherlock replied, turning away from his captive audience and towards Stamford’s desk. He rifled through the contents on top with little care till he found a blank piece of paper. Stretching his body across the desk, he reached for a pen.
John had not said anything about being in love with him. It was too soon, or there hadn’t been enough time. It was all very unexpected, but he knew for certain that he had never felt this way before, and would never feel it again for anyone else as long as he lived. He wouldn’t let Sebastian touch this, he was marrying the man he loved and was going to be very happy. John just needed time.
Moriarty at last released him, and shut all the wardrobes with a bang that made him jump. He watched him silently, wondering what his next move would be.
“Well, if Mike had a home like Manderley I imagine he also wouldn’t be playing around in Palm Beach,” and here was the real crux of the matter, what Wilkes really wanted to discuss, “I’m told it’s like a paradise, that there’s nowhere else quite like it.”
“Interesting? That’s, yeah. I suppose. Don't mind him,” he said. “He’ll take all the housekeeping worries off your hands, and the staff do everything he says. I think they might be a little scared of him, truth be told.”
Speaking to the back of Sherlock’s perfectly coiffed head, John continued, “You do realise that your email included no details beyond where we were meeting?”
Always the damn morning room, he thought ungraciously.
John, finding this chastised response both gratifying and astonishing, held up his hands in defeat.
“Sherlock,” John persisted, while moving out of their way. “I don’t remember because I wasn’t here, and I have never met this woman before in my life. I was visiting Harry for a few days last week, remember?”
This was about all John had the wherewithal to notice, given that the alien was still wound tightly around his body with what John now knew were its legs. When antennae appeared, growing out from the alien’s forehead, John jolted backwards in their grip, but it was no use. He was still quite successfully trapped.
He watched John’s retreat with Gladstone pressing a cold nose into his palm. It was now pouring, strong enough that rivulets of rain were running down his face. If he was to cry now, he thought, no one would be able to notice.
However, allowing his attention to be so diverted from the road, it turned out, was a mistake on his part. By the time he’d spotted the limping boy, it was too late.
John corrected, when the man rubbed a little too hard right off the bat, but quickly eased off.
Sherlock sighed the way people did in cartoons: jaw dropping, chest expanding, eyes rolling.
“Between going to America with bloody Wilkes or coming here, yes, I know. But are you happy here?” John asked. “Have you gotten thinner? Paler?”
Sherlock nodded. “That’s - yes. So you see, it turned out to be a mutually beneficial arrangement.”
The house is once again abandoned when he arrives. The officers have interviewed neighbours and come up with nothing, and Dr Davenshaw has long since dealt with Howard and returned to her friend’s.
The builder explained everything, exactly as John had originally disclosed it to Sherlock. The three holes, their positions, that the ballast had been left lying loose, and that both seacocks had been turned on. And with all that done, the boat would have sunk quite easily, very easily in fact. The atmosphere in the room was palpably tense.
After a brief study of a map, with Archie pointing out the marshes to the west of them, they left through the door to the moorland. John once again found himself face to face with the scarecrow.
“Michael, forgive me,” the lady of the house said, reaching out toward her husband. In her cupped palms rested a brooch.
His hips were thrusting back against John enough that he could feel the other man’s erection pressing into his bare skin. The knowledge that John was not unaffected, that John even desired him, was more than enough to send him over the edge with a quiet, urgent
In the long silence after, John wished he knew a spell for summoning the earth to swallow him whole.
“No,” he said, wanting to stop John’s worries before they grew. “We would have seen him, and he can’t have fallen. Perhaps he’s just gone back into the woods?”
The boy was clever enough to know he’d been caught out, not that it mattered. The trap had been laid and set as soon as Sherlock had ridden in this direction.
“No one likes dry hands, Mr Magnussen. And I’m more interested in the performance of the driver, than of the equipment,” he quipped, lowering his cup back to the table. He was through fumbling with tea when no else was making the pretense.
Unfortunately, John Watson had this influence on most in the room, and Wilkes was already descending.
There was a small body of water a ways off, mountains on the horizon, and clear skies, and before he knew it, John was traipsing through the flowers, feeling light as a feather, without even a twinge in his chest.
Through the lift’s metal screen, he could see a figure standing at the end of the hall. It was Mary - or at least, the Mary he had invented in his imagination. She was faceless, blonde, perfect. As he pulled back the lift door, question marks materialized in the air around her, and the dark shadow of John loomed just over her shoulder.
Watson burst into a fit of coughing, drawing his pipe away from his lips.
. I love you, now, then, tomorrow, and the day after that, even if we are separated in the next few hours, or the next few days. It will be the two of us, against this, and everything else,
Watson didn’t raise his brows so much as he lowered his hair – which was to say, he seemed surprised but interested by the
“It’s Market Chipping,” he said in awe, walking to the window. They were even overlooking the same train tracks as his clinic had.
Sherlock Holmes would have made a long list of conclusions from just that small motion, her hands twisting the leather. John imagined the man’s eyes narrowing in, before rattling off ‘gay divorced alcoholic, meeting with her crippled brother out of obligation rather than interest.’ John’s deductions, of course, were cheating. He already knew all of that.
“Really?” The deepness of Sherlock’s voice was a wonder.
Sherlock felt drowsy again. Too languid to return John’s kisses, Sherlock relaxed back into the pillow. John laughed, beneath his breath.
Lestrade had returned to eyeing him a little dubiously. "That's not fair,” he said, “you might ask me something that I shouldn’t answer.”
“Nothing, of course.” John smiled at him playfully, and he liked that quite a bit, even if John thought he’d worked something out.
“If I say we are working against her, you won’t—punch my bloody lights out?”
For the second time that night, John was separated from Sherlock Holmes by a pane of glass. He was in the wrong building, and they must have arrived almost moments before him, as they were still sitting at the classroom desk, talking.
“Was the door open?” John asked, his expression immediately closed off.
“To seal the deal!” Said as if it were obvious. “Payment for me agreeing to help lift your curse. That is, if you’re staying?”
John was being tested he realized, and he planned to pass with flying colours.
Sherlock’s legs shook, but the man was perfectly quiet. John could feel Sherlock’s eyes on him, and looked up to find Sherlock biting his fist, staring back at him like he couldn’t get enough of seeing an invalided army doctor sucking him off in his living room.
It had seemed almost like… flirtation. It was concerning that John couldn’t tell. John didn’t even know what voice to read the texts in. How did someone go about flirting with Sherlock Holmes anyway?
“I believe I asked you a question, sir,” John said, his voice in no way concealing his suppressed rage.
The clouds in front of the mountains had drifted away to reveal an eyesore on the horizon, as a long, oblong warship slowly came into view. At their current distance, the only sign of the ship moving was the waving metal flaps along its side.
“I can’t do this,” John said, and the crease in Sherlock’s brows, the immediate and evident devastation on Sherlock’s closed-off face, was incontrovertible proof that it had been the wrong thing to say.
He moved to his wardrobe as if in a dream. He removed the blond wig and dropped it to the floor. His hair would be a disaster from being kept beneath it. Wig net hair. Next went the white suit jacket, and then the trousers. The dress shirt was fine, but he removed it anyway. He would replace it with another plain white shirt that John hadn’t almost fainted at the sight of.
Moriarty’s head turned from him for a moment to face John and Mary’s old bed.
“No!” he shouted, and kicked himself for it almost immediately.
“Mrs Davis,” Sherlock said loudly, aiming for her right ear. “It was your neighbour’s dog. Your daughter can explain in more detail later.” Sherlock then lifted her from her seat and began ushering her out again.
“Yes, perfect,” John praised easily, feeling very aware of the fact that Sherlock had not moved away from him. John could see that the blue colour of their irises was lighter up close than in other lighting. It wasn’t an attribute alien to humans, but John found it otherworldly regardless.
“What  -  what are you on about? - ” John began to say, before a knock at the door interrupted him.
Sherlock quickly passes her a tissue box from the coffee table, which she pulls from to dab at the corner of her eyes. Sherlock glances back at John and smiles tenuously. John smiles back slightly. ‘Yes, that was good’.
John, with the car having resumed a somewhat reasonable speed, bent to the side and pressed thin lips into the hair covering his forehead, and held them there.
“I’m going to stay with a friend. I’ve told the neighbours to keep an eye out for Howard if he does turn up, if somehow he got loose. If you’re interested in taking my case, I’ll leave you the keys to the house and whatever else you’ll need, but I need to get away from this place.”
- do - that - again,” John said, each word punctuated by another kiss.
When John attempted to start a conversation with him—beginning with
The walls of the gallery were well under siege by the time he reached it, luckily leaving enough space through the center of the hall for him to pass through. As he ran past, his eyes were drawn to the Watson twins, the sister’s face dripping from the canvas like wax down a candle.
Hiding his discomfort and likely red cheeks, he bent down to stroke Gladstone’s ear. The dog always sat nearest to him, which he appreciated.
Sherlock nodded once with a fond smile tugging at their lips, as if greatly humouring him.
John let him speak, and waited. There were no threats, or kicking of ottomans. Was John not angry with him?
“John, if you ask me whether I’m ready one more time,” Sherlock warned, and John didn’t know how a man folded up like a lawn chair could sound so imperious, but did as he was told. Using his slick hand, John lined up his cock.
John seems momentarily stunned, but eventually responds, “I was going to guess it was maybe a bit of a crush, but clearly you don’t do anything in halves, do you?”
“Yes, yes, I’m fine, I’m all right,” John reassured them, his pride even more injured than his body.
However as it turned out, the tour had caught up with him. As he stood to leave, the drawing room door swung open and he could hear the murmur of voices. The drawing room indicated that they had come by the stone passage and back premises, moving through the house via the lesser-used hallways that he had discovered early on.
Sherlock’s eyes, when they opened, were mere slits, and his words, when spoken, were barked. “Like what?”
He dreamt he was inside a portrait, looking back out into the art gallery on the other side. The frame was there, open and inviting. He could pass through it if he so chose. He could return to the other side, and leave the world of the painting, but still he remained.
Sherlock’s earlier unyielding interest had returned, and he was waiting for John to answer. To John’s alarm, there was something about sitting so near the person he had imagined himself in love with for decades, something that made John want to loosen his iron grip on those exact thoughts and feelings.
John insisted, again.
John had a lot of questions—like, how did an alien come to have a cock? And, how was it possible that an extra-terrestrial lifeform could be in any way sexually compatible with him?
“I’m sorry if I haven’t been clear - you know, I’m not good at this sort of stuff.” John laughed at himself a bit, and he couldn’t help smiling back a bit in response. He had a weakness for, well, John.
His fingers landed at the edges of Sherlock’s wispy eyebrows. John rubbed into the temples; it hadn’t been mentioned, but he still figured it would be appreciated. And then, his fingers drifted upwards, his right hand ducking beneath the fringe created by Sherlock’s deep side-part, till they skirted the edges of his hairline. Using nails, lightly, John moved his fingers in circles.
“Poor John,” she said, as if now on a completely different vein of conversation. “He went through a ghastly time, and let’s hope you have made him forget about it. Of course he adores Manderley. He and I are not a bit alike you know.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock replied, nodding his head and offering a small smile. He would need to improve his manners for all interactions with the investigative team. He couldn’t be dismissive like he had been the day prior. Colonel Barclay knew John, had even come to the ball, and they especially needed to be in his good graces. Everyone involved in the inquisition had to think well of them, and he could be charming when it suited him.
“I buy and trade in secrets,” Magnussen replied, smiling. “It’s been sold to me.”
John’s calloused hand was against his cheek, softer in touch than it looked. Even softer still was the pressure of thin lips against Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock gasped, mouth and eyes opening at once. When John drew back, his gaze was as terrified as Sherlock’s own. As always, they were one and the same.
Once Sherlock had learned enough words, and enough about the territories surrounding Earth, they began to showcase skills that they had been unable to demonstrate without the necessary language and context.
John had to move a violin from the only other spare chair to sit down, but to his shock, his bad leg had yet to protest being stood on for so long.
“Hello,” he said into the mouthpiece.
He nodded, thinking he knew what John meant. John needed to say this himself, and he was prepared to listen to the words he had long dreaded.
John was enamoured, and he thought Sherlock at the very least found him to be enjoyable company. Sherlock was at times almost desperate for his praise and attention in fact, which John was more than willing to give, and in return Sherlock helped him forget for awhile.
But he knew that was wrong. His death could never bring John anything but pain, and guilt. Like in his dream, where he went down one path and John another, he had almost left John to struggle through this life alone. He knew now which path he needed to be on.
But sure enough, in two days time, John woke to find a pair of brand new seven league boots at the foot of his bed, made with brown suede, and with silk ties for laces.
He looked away from John, and down to a scratch in the table.
“Human name. What’s your real name then?” John asked, realizing after the fact that this was perhaps impolite.
They have an entire conversation silently just reaching for each other’s arms, gripping their forearms loosely.
Sherlock scrambles to cover the paper with his hands, but she’s already caught the word ‘Captain’ he’s written down after reading up on John’s official title.
Mycroft smiled at John, thin lips stretching across his face into a look of pure condescension. “Are you sure you’re informed enough to make that decision, John? If you recall, she did just mention she played both sides in the war.”
Watson was making incredible points, which Sherlock should have thought of himself. Why hadn’t he? Why had he been so single-minded? But the possibility of his own theory still remained. If Sampson had acted alone...
“He’s waiting you know,” she opens. John’s perplexion likely shows so clearly on his face it can be sensed across the table.
“You see,” she said, snapping the top of the lighter, speaking over her shoulder, “you’re so very different from Mary.”
“Do come in,” he called out, not looking away from his tongue in cheek response to the bishop’s wife.
“Who’s this?” Sherlock asked, pointing at the scarecrow.
He had of course gathered as much, but he appreciated John clearing the air. He smiled, though it was forced, and did not answer. He was vaguely aware that he was entering a state of mild panic, which was crucial to conceal.
As Wilkes had summoned him, he reluctantly dressed and made his way to the other man’s room just down the hall. To his surprise, he was almost run over by a newly hired bellhop leaving Wilkes’ room with a luggage case.
He could feel one corner of his mouth sliding upwards, forming the crooked smile that people did not like. His fake ones were usually far better received, but Watson didn’t seem to mind. He kept licking his lips.
“Good riddance,” Sherlock said, and John half-expected him to stick his tongue out at her back. Sherlock rocked back on his heels once the castle door closed, and with a sweeping hand gesture said, “Well John, what do you think?”
Sherlock felt like he might laugh or cry, and tried with all his might to do neither.
Watson skillfully maneuvered the car in the tight space, turning them around and back the way they had come. But he was not so easily distracted by Watson’s returned mild manner, and was still certain he was right.
He was in. And out again, and in, and out. Shallow, as the guide had directed.
When John’s name was shouted from upstairs, he hastily slid the boots behind his chair.
Not unlike her coiffed hair currently falling out from its pins, the Witch’s blasé confidence slipped away, revealing her true alarm.
at the moment.”
John would wonder -- was he just the better of two evils? John’s conscience was racked with guilt at the prospect of Sherlock having agreed to marry him to avoid a worse situation. John knew he could have offered Sherlock a job, or provided connections, but had instead acted on his own feelings and desires. He had wanted to believe he saw those feelings returned by Sherlock, but now, was not so sure.
He steps lightly over the threshold, his eyes slowly adjusting.
Sherlock doubted that very much. Now that he didn’t have the pursuit to focus on, his starvation was making itself known.
“Sherlock?” John called out, again, voice lower than earlier. John had moved into the hallway, drawing closer, and Sherlock still had O negative smeared across his cheek.
“I know, which is why I want you to know,” he said, fortifying himself, trying to hold onto all he had learned. “I’ll include you this time, John. I won’t shut you out, I promise. I’ll do it over. We’ll do it all over again, I swear it.”
“He looks a bit peaky, doesn’t he?” Lestrade noted, surprise evident. “I didn’t know he cared.”
John took a moment to respond, looking towards David in annoyance. “I’ve haven’t read the note sir, so I can’t comment.” Sherlock searched John for any trace of jealousy, and of course, found none. Sherlock knew it was not just wishful thinking on his part - John clearly disliked David for what he was doing now, but not what he had done with John’s wife before.
“And you knew before she came into the room,” Watson said, remembering. “You knew it was her the entire time?”
“We need to go out there,” he said in response to John’s stare, lifting one of his brows in sarcasm, “- to play
“And,” John prompted, “can you take on mine?”
“That’s besides the point,” Sherlock said, voice raising, and turning on John. “Why did you let
“Oh, right, of course,” John made to stand, but paused while glancing at him, clearly concerned for him like a host would be for a guest.
“Terrible?” Sherlock returned, his eyes still closed.
John looked at it from his currently bent over position, before he giggled, and returned the gesture. They shook on it.
“Shall I go deal with the shuttle’s bot while you…?” John left the rest implied, motioning to the dying man.
It was the happiest John could remember being, so it was with reluctance when he eventually disturbed Sherlock’s scraping to comment, “we’re not going to find anything.”
“You could say that, yeah,” John said. His voice was strained, and Sherlock couldn’t tell if it signalled only surprise, or fear.
The maid who scurried in to clear away their tea things - the mousy, shy one. She was wearing face powder when she hadn’t been before. Or, she’d had some on, but had touched it up using the compact she carried on her person. Somewhat of a luxury product, for a servant anyway, though almost all women used powder. Expensive for her to be reapplying.  Obviously she was keen to impress.
Thank you. I hear the suggested has actually been upped to ten day. Have you heard that, doctor?
“That’s strange,” he murmurs.
A hollow sound.
A brooch in Stamford’s possession, kept in a locked box in a locked drawer along with a few other precious items, had gone missing. Stamford, hating to cause a scandal and not wishing to needlessly stress his servants, had asked his friend Holmes for advice on the matter.
The light remark had obviously not been amusing to him. John was barely restraining his temper – discussion of his wellness was apparently not welcome to him. He considered it rather tactless of Harry to purposefully make her brother angry. It might be time for him to make a move as mediator.
> What if I had been in the middle of something?
Sherlock stayed at the table, where he began fiddling with the instruments on the worktop. No further questions of John were asked.
“More than that,” Watson said with a sigh. “I know what you wish he was to you.”
All John was able to articulate was a sound not unlike a growl before he was hurtling forward, intending to the knock the man to the ground—but before he could even get close, he was pulled back by metallic restraints.
—no need to go through every act in the guide step by step.”
Sherlock moved to the right as Moriarty stepped towards him, the both of them moving together in a circle. “All the odd ones I couldn’t sort out, and possibly many of the ones I could. And I imagine if I dug deeper, there’d be one London newspaper that will have always downplayed these events, or not reported them at all.”
It was not really happening of course. He wasn’t himself, but the man in their play. The proper husband, who smiled, and called on the neighbours. It wasn’t him talking, not him to John. He imagined the type of person who would play his part. Lanky and sharp, a bit manic.
Savagely, he said, “I wish I was thirty five years old, wearing the smartest suit a tailor could make, and not caring for a single thing in the world beyond my work.”
He’s disoriented, forgets where he is, but in a moment he remembers – Sherlock.
Perhaps his comment was foolish? But Watson’s eyes were brighter than they had been a moment ago, and his lips twitched in a facsimile of a smile. He decided Watson was amused, if not also self-deprecating.
Sherlock groaned. With their face still hidden from view, and the skin of their arms flashing purple, Sherlock mumbled, “How slow can you be? Yes, of course it was to see you!”
Manderley. She chose Watson as her plaything, to torment, and now -  you’re
John knew that if he was allowed to stay like this, Sherlock wouldn’t move or speak for hours.
John shook his head, and David clearly knew nothing either. “She left that note at mine sometime that day,” David said. “Other than that….”
The estate had been doing poorly before the fire, and truthfully even prior to John coming into the inheritance of the land, and only worsened further following Mary’s death. John hadn’t been prompted to renew his dedication to the estate’s well-being until remarrying, which had required his split attention when they’d first arrived at Manderley in the spring so many months ago. As such, there was no money to rebuild, and truly no impetus to do so. English country estates were being sold, the families unable to provide the upkeep, and Manderley was just another added to the ever growing list of grand homes laid to waste.
Gladstone did trail behind them, but subdued, perhaps still frightened. Even though Gladstone was wary, he was also reluctant to leave him alone with Magnussen. As they walked across the lawn away from the house, he admittedly did feel better for having the dog with him.
It seemed that no matter where he awoke, John Watson always wanted to know if Sherlock was well. “I assure you that I am, Watson.”
“Will you be cross with me if I remain vague?” Though, currently his lack of forthrightness was not for the sake of drama.
It was all playing out in front of him, the exact frustrating and
Sherlock could see the ridged edge of the scar tissue peaking out from beneath John’s undershirt. John pulled the shirt over his head, ruffling his hair, which would normally have held Sherlock’s attention, but his focus was all for John’s shoulder. The scar was small, healed remarkably well, given the circumstances. John had never shown this to anyone before. No one else had ever seen his scar, and no one else ever would. Sherlock was immediately and acutely obsessed with it.
> Anything else?
Sherlock sighed, aggrieved. “Get to the point, John!”
“You’re not coming? To fix the bot you tore up, the Hudson by the way, who waits on us on hand and foot?”
Of course John could not think of a single one of these reasons when Sherlock told him he was leaving for America. With Wilkes. Slimy Wilkes, isolating Sherlock even further than he already had been, and
, Sherlock thought, claiming John’s lips again and again, frantic.
John’s mouth was apparently operating without his brain. In his defence, he doubted anyone could have kept their head under the current circumstances.
> You figured all that out, and had everything back to the museum within one night, Sherlock! It was incredible.
His blush had apparently only been gone on a brief vacation, and had returned fully recuperated.
Dr Davenshaw pauses to smile grimly. “So yes, all correct, however, how does any of that help find Howard?” she asks.
It might be a bit tricky to get that information out of him. To keep Sherlock safe John had to be interesting enough to be heard out. Maybe even interesting enough to keep Sherlock from feeling so bored, bored enough he’d die to prove himself clever.
Sherlock made a small, choked noise in the back of his throat in response, and licked John’s finger one last time before letting it escape from his mouth with a pop. John allowed himself a moment to admire how debauched Sherlock looked before returning to his task, first licking at the full length of his cock, and then engulfing him once more.
John spluttered. “I did not, and do not!”
“Why can’t it be both?” Sherlock asked, and then, rethinking his approach, leaned his face towards John while closing his eyes, knowing John would be unable to resist taking the hint. John’s hand skimmed upwards to cup the back of his neck, drawing Sherlock’s head further in for a gentle press of closed mouths. When they broke apart, Sherlock employed his next strategy. Looking at John through heavy-lidded eyes, he said, “I’ve thought of you taking me, while I’ve stretched myself. I thought of you taking me in the library, on the window seat, for everyone to hear - ”
He could feel himself being taken in, taken under. Moriarty was stabbing him sharply, with a million little pin pricks, and then he would offer him the solution: the end to his pain. Moriarty’s grinning face peering up at him, and him, turning his face away, powerless to the man’s spell.
, but Lestrade blocked his path. Lestrade tried to usher him back up the stairs, but he resisted - he wanted to know if Harry was lying John down, he wanted to know what she was doing, she was already
“Well, I didn’t. Die, I mean,” John said, wanting to kick himself.
Holding onto the railing, John climbed the tilted steps, and pushed and pulled at the handle.
John had a feeling that he very much approved of Sherlock’s prioritization.
John is still entirely unsure of what’s allowed. He’s been living in a dream from being allowed anything at all, and he’s wary of pushing their physical intimacy past what Sherlock is ready for. Instead, there are nights of John reading his medical journals while Sherlock lies with his head in his lap, or with his feet out to be rubbed. Breakfasts in the kitchen, catching the other looking, smiling back at each other like lovesick teens.
The implication he saw now was two-fold: not only that he had seduced and entrapped John, but that John also only wanted him for one thing. He imagined this would become a recurring theme of their future lives together; people mistaking the nature of the “service” that John wanted from him to justify having married him so suddenly.
And we're back!! though I'm a day late. The whole weekly update schedule thing only seems to work for those shorter chapters. As always, Soli my beta is a huge huge huge huge help <333 wouldn't be possible without her.
John’s lips quirked. His index finger tapped out ‘I’m nobody’, shortly before his thumb backspaced, deleting each letter individually. The last thing Sherlock Holmes wanted was an unprompted sob story.
, which he had triggered. He could hear his own breaths again, loud in the room. He could hear John’s as well, and watched a muscle in John’s jaw twitch through the mirror. “Don’t say you’re sorry,” he eventually said, scrunching his eyes closed. The exhaustion that he had previously warded off was now coming over him.
Whatever it was that had grabbed him didn’t break through his protective suit, which John counted as a positive. On the down side, John was unable to escape the restraint.
This was phrased as a question, even though John could have picked this man out of any line-up as the Sherlock he was meant to be meeting. In the same way that Sherlock wrote like a Sherlock, he looked and acted like one too. Redolent of sweet coconut hair product, and standing far too close by any acceptable social norm, this was the man who called John silly, and needed emoticons to help him better understand sarcasm.
John shook his head. “Not to me.”
“I promise it won’t be anything like people say it is, running things I mean. You don’t need to worry about Manderley, Moriarty does everything. Just leave it all to him,” John said, still lightly gripping his fingers.
Sherlock was aware his cheeks were flushing, but thankfully his face was hidden from John’s view. The water was barely more than lukewarm, but he felt hot all over.
He felt this acutely later that afternoon in Watson’s open top car, listening to the rush of wind and the other man’s laugh.
“I know it’s a bit of a raw deal, but hey, at least you get the Hudson! She’s well stocked I hear, meant for a much bigger job that got delayed. And the ship’s all ready to go.”
“Keep the phone, yeah?” Harry said, snapping closed the purse she’d been fiddling with. “I’ve got a new one in the mail, and I know you don’t have one.”
John sighed. “All right, well, I’m pretty sure this is all that’s left of him. So you bring the parts, and come with me,” John instructed, miming out each of the actions with his gloved hands.
John sighed. Sherlock hadn’t been properly dressed in three days, and hadn’t been sensible in five. John supposed he’d have to give up on that eating lark.
“And how did you come to be cursed?” Sherlock advanced on John, circling his chair.
> Right. Tell me more about that. You mentioned the police. Do you work for them officially?
“That, my dear Watson, is our developments. I hope you won’t mind playing judge and jury to determine our sailor’s fate.”
"Surely they knew she had gone sailing, up at the house?”
“Oh, I’d thought you were living there for several years,” Colonel Barclay said, surprised.
It would be quite the thing if the Sherlock Holmes novel he couldn’t part with had saved him after all, perhaps shifting up in his pocket at just the right moment. John might just have to start believing in an author-god. In any event, John bet there was quite an impressive hole through it that he’d like to see.
“You were wrong about John’s loyalty to Mary,” Moriarty tutted, smile dripping into a frown. “Making the same mistake twice? What do they say about assumptions…”
John’s expression became thunderous in a seconds, lines forming around his mouth, his hand tightening its grasp on his cane. He looked as though he might hit something.
“Yes, of course,” John said, and he was smiling very toothily, and looking very pleased with himself. Why did John care about speaking to Wilkes anyway?
This was in part because the trap itself was quite invisible to his human eyes, or at least, was initially. In any event, it was quite a surprise when on his approach to the next crater, both of John’s legs were caught in a vice-like grip.
Greg’s brow furrows, clearly mulling something over. His mouth opens as if to begin speaking but then clicks shut.
John pulled back at the sound, and Sherlock managed to put himself together enough to shout, “For the love of God, don’t stop!” John proceeded to lift Sherlock’s legs over his shoulders, raising his hips, and opening him impossibly wider. John started again, circling his rim with his tongue, and then pushing back in, repeatedly pulling out and returning with his tongue, lapping at his own come while stroking Sherlock’s cock in time. Sherlock’s entire being was a litany of high, breathless gasps of “ah, ah, ah,
, the entire blog was absolutely without a doubt being written by no other than Sherlock Holmes. To John’s disappointment, similar to the literary version of the man, there were no photos of Sherlock anywhere.
skin.
“Did I also hit my head when I got shot? Christ, Harry.”
John took off his helmet, figuring it was easier to yell without.  “What the
“You once told me she died smiling,” Sherlock said. “You said it was like she knew she’d won.”
“John,” he started, though didn’t quite know how to continue.
For John, this was likely an easy trip. John was returning to his own home. John would wander in, check the mail, perhaps ring the bell for tea. Meanwhile
John brushed it off. “I’m just relieved. Better you than Robert, obviously.”
_______
Sherlock released him from his light touches, and found a piece of glass on one of the shelves, returning to hold it out to John. Looking at himself in the reflective surface was a shock, to say the least.
John cleared his throat. Sherlock glanced at him. John’s raised brows and lowered hairline seemed to suggest that perhaps it wasn’t the right time to be asking about the rabbit.
And there it is. The phrase John always longs to hear. “What? What have I missed?”
“John,” Sherlock said, and his voice was wrecked in a way that John could only take as the highest of compliments. “John, as much as I appreciate your dedication to my online literature—“ a cut off groan as John stroked, inside, with only the tip of one finger— “there is—
“Right,” John repeated, with much more cheerfulness. “Sorry, that. Wasn’t my smoothest proposition.”
Sherlock scoffed. “You mean you want to nurse your broken face in the comfort of your own home.”
“You…?” John said with the corners of his mouth lifting, as though it was too ridiculous to be serious. Sherlock was relieved to hear the question in his tone was more surprised than accusatory.
“Yes! And I don’t want to go. I’ll hate it. I’ll be miserable.”
“I just thought maybe we should slow down –” John attempted to explain, but at the mention of slowing down, Sherlock only gripped John tighter. Imitating John’s earlier move, Sherlock began grinding himself against John without any self consciousness, and covered John’s open mouth with kisses till John was too dizzy with receiving everything he’d ever wanted for so long, he forgot why he’d ever suggested stopping.
With a gulp, John tipped his chin up, and reminded himself to keep his hands to himself when Sherlock slid lower, keeping his grip firmly placed on Sherlock’s back and thighs.
Moriarty’s grip on his arm became vice-like. His white skull face was gleaming, his eyes almost black. “Did you know? The rocks battered her to bits,” Moriarty sung, low and sweet, like a lullaby.
As if the thought had summoned him, the sound of pounding steps could be heard again from outside the door, giving him little time to prepare before John stepped into their rooms.
“It’s magic isn’t it? I’ve come to understand that anything’s possible.”
John turns over onto his front; Sherlock doesn’t mirror him. Sherlock never does. Something unspecified happened to his back.
He rushed to the hallway that split the house between the West and East wings, which initially appeared to be empty, before he realized a figure stood in the door leading to the West corridor.
In humiliation, he dipped his chin to avoid eye contact and flushed further at Wilkes exposing his hobbies. Now Watson would think he was weird, at best eccentric, like everyone else he had ever had sustained contact with. Watson did not smile back at Wilkes, and instead looked between the two of them in interest. He gathered Watson was unsure about the exact nature of their relationship.
“Begging your pardon sir, but there’s a call for you from London.”
As if in a daze, John’s childhood figure walked towards him, through a milling crowd of police officers. Lestrade tried to intercept him, but Sherlock disposed of him with a wave of the orange blanket around his shoulders, and bizarrely, with eyes never leaving John’s face.
We live in her highest cupboard, if you like. The one only you can reach.
of you-“
The sound of John’s tread on the stairs of their London flat, with the noticeable squeak on the third step, distracted Sherlock from his thoughts. With John out collecting supplies that afternoon he’d been left to ruminate on his dream from the night before. The memory of it had threatened to send him into what John might refer to as one of his “black moods”. He would have greatly appreciated it if his subconscious did not ask him to recall a period of his life that, while not entirely regrettable, was better off forgotten, and now left him with the renewed desire to remove Manderley from his mind forever.
Lestrade turned at the sound of his voice, surprised momentarily to see him. “He’s gone into Kerrith with one of the sailors,” Lestrade responded. “One of the crew thought it’d be a genius idea to jump from the ship once it struck. Mr Watson was there before the alert signals, and found him holding onto a rock under the cliff, soaked and ill from all the swimming and rock-clinging. The sailor was bleeding, and the master went about temporarily mending him with supplies from the cottage.”
“John,” Sherlock pleaded, reaching for John. “Don’t. It won’t come to that.”
Sherlock hummed. His gaze had slipped from John to his own hands clasped in his lap, fingers worming against one another in the tight hold.
“If you would let me make my full statement sir, you’d understand that there would be much more required than what you’re suggesting.”
“You’re ready, right.” John focused. He exerted slight pressure, and was met with the expected resistance. When John hesitated, Sherlock’s heels dug into his back, and with a prolonged moment of push-pull, Sherlock won, and John pushed in.
“While the diver was checking the ship's bottom, she saw another boat. A sailing boat, to be exact, just the hull on the bottom there. It’s completely preserved, hardly damaged at all she says. Given that the diver’s local, she’s seen it before of course. She found the late Mrs Watson’s sailing boat.”
“Are we? I mean, am I a good friend to you?” John asked, desperately, and he could see truly that John didn’t know. John had no idea. The damn fool.
John’s mouth was still open. He closed it, though he continued to stare. “How do you have an English name—a
John limped back to his washbasin, raised his razor and continued his shave. “Sit down,” he said. “I won’t be long.”
The Royal Wizard hummed, and then, as if John and he were well-acquainted, “He was my best pupil, you know.”
That settled it. “I’m going to fetch him,” he said, and continued his ascent over the boulders ahead despite John’s protests. They were slippery and he almost stumbled several times, but he was more than capable of climbing them. Which begged the question, why on Earth had John pleaded with him not to go?
> Sherlock, come on. Sex. What else.
“I’ve tried interacting with the police before. I think you’ll find they are highly resistant to good sense, and wouldn’t know sound detective work if it hit in them in the face.”
I wish you would! It would be more descriptive. Don’t you see? It can’t be a regular conversation, that doesn’t allow you to convey the richness of it. I needed a way to make it easier for you to say it, like how you were told to blog, though I think my solution is more sophisticated. Whether I’m a green onion and you’re a squat hot pepper, it doesn’t matter.
“I’ll explain when we’re back up,” Lestrade said, “but better leave him alone for a moment, eh? Especially with you dressed up like that.”
His expression was manic, shadows cast in strange places over his angular face by the low flickering light of the fire. The discomfort of John’s wound was, for the moment, diminished to a dull ache, and his leg hadn’t bothered him since stepping in through the castle’s door. Perhaps the magic of the place was already working, loosening the grip that the curse had like a vice around his life.
“Well,” John said, patting the back of Sherlock’s seat, “that’s cryptic.”
Thinking of Sherlock’s scales and chicken toes from a moment earlier, John said, “Aren’t you doing the same thing?”
The book would have been a gift. Maybe it had been for John’s birthday, maybe just because. Perhaps they often gave each other presents on whims. Something would catch John’s eye and he’d think, ‘This would be perfect for Mary.’
Sherlock’s transfixed state was broken by the sound of the library door banging hard against the wall, with John’s entrance immediately following it.
“Well,” Lestrade interrupted, “I can write a letter to the doctor’s address and ask him if he remembers this appointment from last year, on behalf of Mr Watson.”
Before he can finish his warning, the ghost–man John had inconveniently forgotten about has swung at him. John just manages to push Sherlock out of the way, but is less successful with his own evasion. His quick movement causes the man to miss, but a knife slices across his leg regardless. John gasps in pain, causing Sherlock to cry out in alarm. While the room is dark John can still make out the knife the man has in one hand, which is coming towards him once more.
"Glad to be of service." The waiter ended up getting their meals to them a few seconds after their little conversation, and just as Sherlock predicted, complementary brownies with pecans (Sherlock cursed himself for it) were brought to them after Sherlock paid the bill. Lunch had been pleasant, they talked easily, and even had a few giggling fits. It left John feeling like something good was finally about to happen.
“Is everything okay?” John looked up startled to find Sherlock staring at him. He cleared his throat and nodded.
“I…” Sherlock didn’t know what to say, He couldn’t fix it on his own, and if he asked Mycroft to get it fixed he would be placed under scrutiny. But he did have money. He was going to spend it on cocaine… But suddenly this seemed more important than his next high.
“No offence, Sherlock. But sometimes you see stuff that’s so specific, it sounds like you’re pulling it out of your arse. Simply because it's impossible for anyone to know that kind of stuff about a total stranger just by the way their skirt is wrinkled.” John chuckled. Sherlock went to argue but John shut him up.
“Love?” Sherlock froze and stared at John like a deer in the headlights.
He was transgender, it was blatantly obvious. The way his hairline was shaped, how he still crouched and submitted to older, bigger men subconsciously, and even when he caught himself he didn’t hold himself much higher, just grimaced. His shoes were cut to be cute, not cool. The jeans had embroidered pockets, and while they could be considered neutral when it came to gender, they hugged his thighs and flared after the swell of his calf. But it was only obvious to Sherlock. If you looked at him from a normal person's perspective it just looked like a chubby boy was wearing jeans that didn't fit him. His baby face could be attributed to being pre pubescent, even though he was probably over the age of 16.
“Isn’t it obvious?” John asked him.
“Wouldn’t dream of it.” He promised, his voice barely a breath, but Sherlock heard him, his features relaxing and a soft smile on his lips. John sat there for over an hour, watching Sherlock sleep, before he too, was claimed by slumber.
“You’re a bad man.”
“Oh?” John responded lamely. Sherlock continued to chew on his fingertips and play with his lips as he spouted off nonsense about his disappointment with the case, but they were spoke to deaf ears as John was captivated with Sherlock’s movements. After a minute or two, he shook himself out of it.
“Homework.” He stated, the older boy threw his head back with a groan.
“Are you still mad at me? From earlier?” John was puzzled for a moment before he remembered their argument about hormones. He smiled softly.
Sherlock watched the emotions play across John’s face and guilt struck him hard.
John turned away, not really sure what his plan was, just to not let his father see him cry. He just started walking. Whether his father was just so shocked of how he responded, or what, John didn't care. All that mattered was he didn't follow. Just before he reached his room, Harry was walking down for dinner. John was sure his face was streaked with tears by now, but he kept his face as neutral as he could and ignored her.
“This,” Sherlock squeezed him slightly, “Us, last night.” He replied. John ran his fingers through his curls, gently untangling the knots that formed while he slept.
He found a small compartment under the neck support of the case. He only found the plaster box, an inhaler, and a roll of compression bandages, but after opening the box he found the others inside. He scowled at the bandages.
“Nothing. Hey, your sandwich is going to get cold.” He muttered, turning and walking stiffly to the living room. Sherlock caught sight of a tell tale bulge forming before he left. Sherlock smoothed out his clothing, cursing at the new throb that started in his loins. He followed John out to the kitchen, where the table was set for lunch, a glass of ice water for each of them gathering condensation. Sherlock blushed slightly, smiling.
They went in and sat in a booth near the back, the barista gave them a look, Sherlock wasn’t quite sure what it meant until the boy across from him grumbled something that sounded suspiciously like “not my date.” They sat at the booth in silence after the barista came and took their orders. She was a friendly Italian girl with a large frame named Angela, And when she brought their drinks out, she had given them a free brownie with a caramel heart piped on the side. The boy across from him blushed and said “he’s not my date,” for a second time. They sipped their respective drinks in silence.
“Yes, love?” He asked, a concerned expression crossing his face.
“I just frequent the museum, and I happened to notice that there's a free show every Sunday at 2. Really, all I did was pay attention.” They joked for another few minutes before Sherlock put out his cig in the ashtray beside him. John looked over at his house with a sigh.
Everything about John’s actions pointed towards a date night. Everything but the small beard he was sporting. John always shaved for his date. Sherlock had questioned him about it, John had shrugged, and glanced at him awkwardly.
“They’re probably both passed out drunk right now, Harry’s probably not even home. And besides, you owe me a Christmas present.” He smiled. Sherlock nodded.
“I completely forgot about that, thank you.” He made his way to the elevator, almost not catching the (
The change in Sherlock had happened almost overnight. He had been scratching unpleasantly at his violin for several hours, a scowl set onto his pristine features. Finally John couldn't take the noise anymore, snapping at him and stomping off to his room. Albeit childish, but it seemed to work. Sherlock stopped, then locked himself in his room for a day or two, only emerging for the toilet. One day he was laid on the sofa before John woke up, stuck in his mind palace and numb to the world. Not even the cold cases John had begged Lestrade for seemed to get to him. John shaved around everything but his moustache, considering keeping it for a brief second, before grimacing and continuing his shave. When he was finished, he washed his face, then leaned against the sink, staring at the water going down the drain.
“Cucumbers.” He responded quietly, not trusting his voice for much more than that while he fingered himself. He abandoned his soup mug and let his other hand sneak down to tug at his cock. He leaned forward on his legs, and from John’s angle, it would look like he had a very loose hold around his legs, though he ached to spread his legs open for John to see. Images of what John would do if he found Sherlock playing with himself at the table flashed through his mind, fogging it over.
"It's not-"
“You doing alright?” John asked when Sherlock blinked up at him dazedly.
“We’re not dating.” He said, not meeting anyone's eyes. Mycroft held a knowing smile and looked over to Sherlock who also refused to meet his eyes, but for a different reason.
John watched the snow fall outside of his window with a peaceful feeling. Soon Sherlock would be here to take him away. Not literally, mind you; but away from this house for a night. John’s family didn’t really do anything for Christmas, not since he was a child. So when Sherlock asked if he would like to come over to his house for dinner Christmas eve, he jumped at the offer. He fiddled with the small box in his hands for the millionth time that day. The box was made of green and red plaid, no bigger than what would hold a ring, with a silver silk bow tied neatly around it.
“I’m going to the museum, and yes, it's very light sensitive and will take several months to curate so leave it be.” Sherlock turned his back to his brother and started digging through the clothes on his floor, trying to find a shirt. Mycroft hummed, and leaned into the door frame.
“Even so, washing them out couldn’t hurt. I could turn the taps for you if you'd like?” Sherlock was surprised by his own kindness. Normally it was just a snide remark and a swift exit. But this boy intrigued him. Beyond his normal curiosity about new things. John looked just as shocked as Sherlock felt, but tentatively nodded. They walked to the restrooms together, John automatically going to the girls, but Sherlock pulled on his sleeve and shook his head. John blushed and followed him onto the men's, they were single stall, so he needn't worry about any cis gendered males walking in on them.
He was sitting on a green bench with a guitar case between his legs, resting his lips on the top seam. Just sitting. Nothing that extraordinary, nothing note worthy. No special fragrance in the slight wind, no specific way of sitting, no tap of the foot. Nothing. He was so very ordinary, like every other human on this god forsaken planet. Just like Sherlock.
“Okay… then.” John stepped back, glancing in the bin to see what Sherlock was staring at, but he found nothing out of the ordinary.
“Bored.” He spun the chair again. John sighed and rolled his eyes, shifting under his blanket, noting how sore his ribs were. Nothing should be broken, he didn’t have an impact on anything, at worst a deep bruising, but that was still improbable. He pulled the blanket back a bit and looked down at himself. The bruising wasn’t too bad on his breasts, the stretch marks on the sides had turned purple, his nipples had turned a shade darker, but really it was his ribs that ached.
"I didn't tell you so that you could patronise me." He snapped.
Simplistic.
“Uh, Sherlock, I have to tell you something too.” John said quietly, stopping just before the front steps. Sherlock looked down at him in understanding, but John was already taking a breath to explain.
. He shook his head. "Then that statement is invalid."
“I’m fine John.” He said, quietly. John’s expression softened, his fingers twitched, like he wanted to reach out to Sherlock. Sherlock shifted his posture unconsciously, ducking his head down and crouching his shoulders, becoming smaller out of his anxiety. John looked away for a second, then met Sherlock’s eyes with a concerned gaze.
“Let’s just get the hell out of here.” He mumbled into his coat. The taller boy nodded and trotted down the stairs to a sleek black car.
“Same deal as last night, tap me three times if you need a break, we stop any time you need to. And if you don’t want to continue that’s fine too. You’re in control of this, do you understand, Sherlock?” John’s voice was firm but gentle, it made Sherlock feel light headed.
“No, Sherlock, can I… Can I stay the night?” Sherlock gulped.
“It.. it started with the toilets. I was curious, because I knew where you were going, so I looked at your profile and it made me wet. I hadn’t felt arousal towards another person since University until that point, needless to say I needed to, ah, experiment.” His voice went husky at the end, dropping into that delicious baritone that sent a shiver up John’s neck. John’s cock was more than semi erect at that point.
“Oh please, John. I’m mocking them. Christmas is a ridiculous concept that was created by humanity and has been warped and twisted over time. Companies use it to hide greed, families use it to hide discontempt, and individuals use it to falsely justify giving things they can’t afford to people they don’t care about because ‘’its the fucking season’. It's all a scam and I don’t particularly like being scammed.” He crossed his arms across his chest, going into a full fledged pout. John thought about the gift in his pocket nervously, unsure how Sherlock would react to it now.
"I think we might get a free dessert out of that." Sherlock mused. John gaped at him.
“What was that for?” He demanded.
“I’m sure John can use… his own words, can’t he sweetie?” She cut a look to Sherlock that could break glass.
“I dunno,” He shrugged. “The park by your house is cool. And I can smoke there.” he waggled his eyebrows at John. John snorted at him.
"Uh huh. Well, I'm off to Clara's. Leave a sock on the front door just in case." And with that, she threw on her jacket and walked out of the house. John swallowed and rubbed his hands down his face.
“Well then,” John chuckled and leaned back, pulling his balls over the waistband of his pants, stroking his cock in Sherlock’s face. “Can you be good for me, Sherlock?” He asked. Sherlock swallowed hard and nodded, a flush overtaking his cheeks. “Let me hear it, ‘Lock.”
“You should clean your hands.” He said. John looked up at him confused, then looked down at his hands and shrugged. But Sherlock saw the slight bob of John's throat, he was either intimidated by the deepness of Sherlock’s voice, or aroused. Sherlock couldn’t tell which.
“Oh yes, of course
,” Sherlock growled, pressing his thumb into the shaking boys adams apple. “Is that people like
“What's so funny?” He asked. John smiled and looked down, tracing Sherlock's collarbones with his eyes.
He remembered seeing them begin sometime last week, but it was miniscule, he’d forgotten. Hopefully John hadn’t noticed. It had been a while since Sherlock’s eating was this bad, maybe John wouldn’t notice. But John noticed everything, he could read Sherlock like a damn book, eventually. He wasn’t an idiot like everyone else. John saw through all of his barriers, with enough time. Through the years of sharing a flat with each other, Sherlock had come to be able to read in-between the lines in John’s behaviour. However, Sherlock could never really tell what he was thinking, and that frustrated him.
“Well, thank god for weekends.” He responded. Sherlock snorted and nodded, continuing to twirl in the office chair.
Pasta was quick and easy, all he needed were some vegetables without mold on them (not like anyone would eat them cooked anyway) and a can of sauce from the pantry. He set everything to cook and opened up a can of oranges, not finding any produce in the refrigerator that he could save. His father walked in the door as soon as he was straining the noodles and setting the table.
But seriously ya'll are so patient. I just went through a really big change in my life and it took a lot of time to adjust. But I'm finally writing again! God I've missed it. I'm also on Testosterone now :3 That's been a huge boost in my mood. Thank me being home sick with leg pains for this chapter ^~^
"Yes, I'm taking my A levels right now." Sherlock searched him and pouted, seeing everything he'd missed, working himself into a mini sulk."
“I don’t know what to do now, John. I’ve never had a friend before, and this… this is completely out of my area. John smiled and swallowed against the butterflies trying to escape from his stomach. The adrenaline from making out had vanished, the heat of lust no longer clouding how awkward this was bound to be.
“John.” John startled, quickly pulling the covers up over his chest to hide himself, wincing as he jostled the bruise. He looked up wide eyed to see Sherlock standing in the doorway to his bedroom.
"What about yesterday?" John asked. Sherlock hesitated, then nodded.
John whistled.
“But we do actually have a butler. His name is Alister.” He gave John a wink, causing him to blush to his ears.
“I’d rather do that at home than in a dirty cafe bathroom.” He said. He was trying to make his voice deeper.
“What do you mean?” John shrugged nervously.
“I know it's kind of girly but-” Sherlock’s large warm hand cupped his jaw and all of a sudden Sherlock’s lips were pressed against his. It was a slow press of soft lips against slightly chapped ones, and it seemed to last an eternity and a second all at once. John forgot to close his eyes, so when Sherlock pulled back he was left frozen and staring like and arse.
shirt that had the sleeves cut off and cut all the way down the sides, exposing him from binder to hip.
“I didn’t want to overwhelm you, seeing as you’re new to this and all.” He was surprised when Sherlock snorted at him, picking up a sausage and taking a bite out of it.
Sherlock lay on his back on the sofa, staring out the window into the darkened autumn night. He’d been there for hours, since before John left. The younger man knew that John had a shift today at the surgery. However, the scent of his “date night” cologne had gently washed across him, slightly stronger than he normally wore it. John was carrying a bag that Sherlock didn’t see very often, one he took on overnight trips when he knew he would be back the next day. Most likely fresher clothes and shoes. Sherlock saw the outline of a toothbrush when he briefly gave the bag a glance over, before returning his gaze to the window. John reached into the coat closet for his rarely used brown leather jacket, instead of the more sensible fleece he’d been wearing since the leaves had started to change. And while he was freshly showered with combed clean hair, and the dirt scraped out from underneath his nails, his jaw sported a few days worth of short stubble. Sherlock’s brow furrowed. He replayed the scene in his head again. Everything pieced together for a typical date night with some cute and kind girl, whom John would charm the pants off and spend the night at her place. Or maybe the toothbrush was to freshen up after work, and this was a first date. But then John would have been home some time ago. Or maybe he would walk in the door any second now, roll his eyes at Sherlock being in the same position and either take a shower or go to bed. Sherlock stared for several more minutes, before he was physically bent in half by a hunger cramp that tore through him, finally breaking his focus. John’s stubble flashed through his mind again, but he decided that food might be necessary at this point.
Sherlock wondered what that meant for the rest of the day. At first he’d thought John meant kissing, but he wasn’t shy about kissing. The cough and the fact that he had a blush to hide meant it was more than just kissing. Sherlock was laying in bed later that night, when it dawned on him. His cheeks flushed, heat running down his sternum and his ribs, all the way to his groin. Sherlock gulped at the sensation, he hadn’t felt anything like that since Uni. He glanced at a specific spot on the floor. Normally he could stand to keep away from what lay underneath, but every now and then his gaze lingered. Sometimes he would stand over the spot, or sit with his hand over it. But eventually he would get up, walk away, roll over and look at the wall, and go to sleep.
“Should we talk about, you know… our bodies and stuff?” Sherlock quirked an eyebrow.
“Sherlock, love, are you alright?” He asked softly, pressing a kiss into his soft hair.
“To be honest, Sherlock. I’ve never even kissed anyone before. I have just as much of a clue as you do.” Sherlock snorted.
(See the end of the chapter for
B) Shaved lips with a trimmed thatch on his mons
“Why did your mum call you Will?’ John asked. Sherlock stiffened next to him.
“I don’t see why, it's not like I don’t know what you look like underneath your clothes. It’s basic biology, just a transport for your brain. People's views on sex and sexuality is too intolerant, they’re so preoccupied trying to keep teenagers from having sex, and keeping children innocent, that they fail to actually teach them important things. Like how to not be an imbecile, but I guess they can’t teach what they don’t know.”
"Just a water for me." Sherlock said. The waiter nodded and looked to John.
“Medicine, ma’am. I want to be a doctor, a surgeon.” He responded. The old lady cooed at him
“My apologies, dear boy. It seems my prescription is a bit weak.” She sent him a wink, John averted his eyes.
“We-well, I mean. Certainly not in the fullest aspect, but eventually… Of course.” Both of them were blushing like mad and refusing to meet each other's eyes. John was the first to break the silence.
"Dull." John sighed.
“Jane, it's good to see you in the kitchen.” John didn’t meet his eyes and made himself a plate to take upstairs.
“Here,” John pressed a glass to his lips after he recovered a little. Sherlock let water be poured down his throat, and a few moments later he nodded.
“I don’t want you to touch my chest.” He stated bluntly. Realization dawned on Sherlock’s face.
“No, don’t worry about it. It was a cheap guitar any way. It was already coming loose, it was only a matter of time.” But the tone in his voice said otherwise. Sherlock gave in for now, but he was going to slip him the money some how. Later, though, now he needed to help John with his hands.
“He’s my mortal enemy.” John rolled his eyes.
“Shove off, Collin.” He growled. His voice was deep for being pre hormones. But it was forced and cracking slightly. He obviously wanted to show off to this Collin bloke that he was masculine. But the bully didn't like that. He sneered and shoved the boy back into the train seat by his shoulders, the ‘ooph’ he let out made the bully smirk and his goonies snicker behind him. The boy’s fists clenched. He threw a punch and Sherlock stood up. The bully hit back and several of his goons tried to join in, Sherlock started towards them. A muffled cry and the sight of blood had him yanking two of them back by the collar. They choked and stayed down, he grabbed the main cause of the problem, yanking him back by his hair. The bully was tall, but Sherlock still had a few inches on him, and he was far more graceful than this brute. Spinning him with a flourish of his black trench coat and a jingle of chains, Sherlock had him back against the train window, one hand yanking his hair, the other at his throat. Collin looked like he was about to shit his pants as Sherlock glared into his eyes. The cocaine had probably made his pupils defy physics, and he was sure his hair had become a rats nest of wild curls. Matched with his height and the adrenaline, he was sure he looked pretty intimidating.
“You haven’t been listening to anything I’ve been saying, have you?” John accused, now standing adjacent to Sherlock with his hands on his hips, a towel thrown over his shoulder. Sherlock threw him an exhausted glance, and John’s expression smoothed. “Sherlock, are you sure you’re doing okay?” he asked softly, coming over to feel Sherlock’s forehead, which was of course warm and damp with sweat after what he’d just finished doing, but John took it as a sign of being ill.
"Do you correct your parents?"
Another image of John’s stubble floated into his mind, it hadn’t left. Sherlock left his toast on the coffee table and laid back down on the sofa, looking out the window, one hand resting on his gaunt stomach and the other above his head, tangled in his hair in frustration.
Tears burned in his eyes and he cursed.
“Sherlock..?”
“It’s okay, Sherlock.” John interrupted. “I uh… I kinda like you too.” He blushed and looked towards his lap, but he could still see the splitting grin that took over the other boys face, and it made him giddy.
"He apologised three times."
This took a while to write, I wasn't quite sure where I wanted to go with this fic, how many chapters and such, but I think I have a pretty solid plan now. Updates will be infrequent, as I do not have a summer job yet, but I do plan to have one eventually -.- Thanks for reading! Comments are much appreciated :3
“I empathize with you.” He said. It shocked him how true the statement was. He’d never empathized with anyone before, only pitied them. His parents thought he was autistic because of his complete lack of boundaries and care towards other people and their feelings. But of course they were wrong. He could feel. He could be cautious. He could be normal and restricted like all of the other dull people in this world, but he decided he wouldn’t. So he didn’t. Until now, that is.
His parents turned a blind eye, and when they did acknowledge him, they only told him how beautiful he was becoming. His mother preened about how he looked exactly like her: short, chubby, large breasts, thick blond hair, and a girlishly soft voice. His dad would mention how John would have failed as a son, how he didn't act like a boy, or dress like one, so he wouldn’t treated like one. And John hated it. Every bit of it.
“Well, my house is empty until about eight on Sundays, wanna go there?” Sherlock consented. They walked at a slow pace to John’s house. It was only four o’clock, there was no need to rush. They talked about the types of exhibits they saw, and Sherlock deduced what the ladies with the weiner dogs a few yards ahead of them were gossiping about.
"Wait... You're serious..?" John asked quietly.
"Watch telly?"
Sherlock tensed. His better instincts told him to leave it be, what did he owe to this boy to protect him from a bully? But in the back of his mind, he knew he was going to intervene. The bully was calling the boy by a feminine name, clearly he was intending to harm the boy for being transgender. And it raged underneath Sherlock’s skin that anyone could be so pathetically thick to bully someone for something like that. Especially when the person was brave enough to come out and present as the gender they prefered. And he was still kind of high, that might have had something to do with it. When the bully got close enough to flick the boy in the head, Sherlock was crouching and glaring in his seat. The boy let out a startled yelp and scrambled to yank his earbuds out.
C) Just trimmed
“There's Brulidine and some Paracetamol in my case, along with some plasters.” John muttered. Sherlock nodded, turning the taps on to warm water before opening John’s guitar case. John let out a noise of distress when he saw the inside. The bridge had snapped off during their encounter with the pavement. Sherlock gulped and looked up to see John’s face. He looked stricken, like someone had just cut his dog’s ears off.
“Of course he talks. My family has very important government ties, it's in his training to be discreet. That includes making himself scarce.” He explained.
"Why didn't you correct him?" John just shook his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I think about you every time I touch myself.” Sherlock admitted, letting his gaze linger on John’s trim chest, it was easier than looking him in the eye.
"There’s something we need to talk about." John blurted. Sherlock tensed. it was irrational, there was no way John new about that.
“Scoot up.” Sherlock demanded. His voice was thick with arousal and it caused the boy on the bed flush with pleasure.
A knock came on his door and he looked down from his loft where he slept. He waited a minute, the locked handle jiggled slightly, the knock came again. He sighed and climbed down the ladder, marching through the laundry on his floor, and opened the door in just his binder and jeans.
, he realized.
“Yes,
The road to Sherlock's house was a mile long, private drive that was protected by a gate with a code. John was beginning to wonder what exactly it was Sherlock’s parents did for a living. When they came to a stop, John climbed out of the car and was awestruck.
“Woah, heh, what’s your problem mate?” Collin whimpered. His voice cracked. He was absolutely terrified.
, from sustaining anything further from the bullies. And then he had been stupid enough to trip out of the train in the most ungraceful way possible.
Sherlock nodded.
John left the house at 10 when he was done with his shower. The museum wasn’t very far away, but he prefered the walk through the park instead of the city streets, which added an extra mile or so. John walked peacefully, lost in thought. He tried not to think too much about what was going to happen today. It filled him with anxiety, but alas, his mind wandered to the subject of Sherlock and there wasn’t much he could do about it.
“Don’t be thick John. My…
“I mean besides that. Just because he isn’t an idiot doesn’t mean I have to like him.” Sherlock huffed. John grit his teeth.
“Drool on it, love. Get my cock nice and slick.” John murmured.
"So..."
"Was I right?" He asked. John frowned.
“My name is John.” The boy said, still not looking up. Sherlock studied him for a few moments longer before he spoke. He took in the busted lip that had left a streak of blood down his chin. His hands looked like they hurt, and a flash of guilt stormed through Sherlock, surprising him. He had caused those injuries after he tried to save the boy,
“Good, John. Don’t stop, I love it.” Sherlock moaned, desperatly suckling on the massive drooling cock head in front of his lips. John chuckled at his desperation, teasing him with the tip before uncerimoniously shoving himself back into Sherlock’s tight throat.
He settled into his covers, curling up around one of his pillows, pulling it to his chest and burying his face in it. He counted his breaths until he drifted off. Not for the first time, he dreamed of Sherlock. The image of Sherlock sprawled out on the sofa filled his mind. He saw how Sherlock had looked before he left, clad in his stained pjs and dressing gown, the white t-shirt riding up ever so slightly, exposing his sharp hip bones and a light trail of dark hair. His arms above his head, staring out the window, with one knee cocked up against the back cushion. In his dream, he slowly stretched out a hand and brushed his fingers over the exposed skin. Sherlock made a noise, but didn’t stir, other than a languid stretch. John palmed one of his sharp hip bones, then pushed up under his shirt, feeling the ribs under soft skin. Sherlock’s eyes opened lazily, gazing at John with sleepy interest as a thumb brushed over his nipple. In his dreams, they never went very far, which was an ease on John’s consciousness. Most of the time they never even kissed, but somehow they would end up entangled together on the sofa, or Sherlock would crawl into John’s lap and rest his head on his shoulder. Tonights dream was like that, Sherlock extended an arm to John, who took it and was pulled down onto the sofa. The last part of the dream, Sherlock was tucked against his side, forehead buried into his neck, while John’s arms encircled him.
This chapter is.. well its super kinky and involves vomit and a blowjob. And feelings! I'm not a monster, just horny. There's only two paragraphs of actual emetophilia and I have put a warning down so you'll know what to skip if its not your cup of tea. If you do not want to read any part of this, skip to the end notes for a summary.
“Good boy, kneel with your legs wider apart.” John commanded. Sherlock did as he was told, scooting a few inches forward so that he would be closer to John’s cock. He was flexible enough to sit on the floor with his legs folded on either side of him, his soaking pussy touching the cold linoleum. John nudged his cock with his foot, muttering more praise and stroking a hand through his hair.
“Actually um, I have a request as well.” John glanced up at him and nodded. “Please, what ever situation we’re in, just don’t call me anything feminine.” John smiled softly.
“I understand.” he opened the door and made his way towards the ladder, John followed after him. When they got upstairs Sherlock sat on the bed and looked at him.
“John?” he called right as he was about to close the door.
“I threatened some prats that were trying to mess with him, and then proceed to trip over him, bust his lip and his guitar, and then we got coffee.” Sherlock recited for him. Mycroft raised a brow at them.
“Well, me either. I had a couple of people in middle school, but, I was a really quiet kid. So everyone ignored me,
“Because when I’m high I’m not bored, but my mind is quiet. I can think more clearly, and... “ John looked up at him.
for you.” he spat the word out like it was acid on his tongue. John shook his head at the ridiculous man across from him, and took a bite of his toast.
“What's that all about?” John asked, sitting on the corner of the bed next to his friend. Sherlock just shook his head.
“I know what it feels like to be bullied. To be called the wrong name, the wrong gender. Even by family. But luckily, my brother isn’t so daft. I’ve been on hormones since I hit puberty at the age of thirteen. I do apologize that yours hasn’t been even the least bit of kind.” Sherlock replied.
“C’mon, sweetheart” John murmured to him, pulling him up from where he knelt in the mess on the floor. Sherlock stumbled into John’s grip and they walked to the bathroom. John put a towel down on the lid of the toilet and made Sherlock sit down, before starting a bath. He pressed a kiss into Sherlock’s miraculously clean hair (the man would have murdered him if he’d gotten anything in it anyhow), and then quickly traipsed to the kitchen and filled up a plastic cup with water. Sherlock had his eyes closed when he came back. He set the cup on the flat corner of the tub and placed a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Fine, John.” he replied curtly. John fully opened the door now, leaning against the frame with his arms crossed over his magnificent chest. What Sherlock wouldn't do to be able to-
“Boring!” John snickered.
“So you really want to be a doctor, huh?” He asked. John stopped talking for a moment, a somber expression flitting over his face. He nodded.
“My, that's a fine profession. My Arty was a doctor. A pediatrician. He loved helping children and their families. Why is it you want to be a doctor, dear?”
“Yes.” He finally admitted. John felt his cock harden slightly in his pants.
“Great, two socially awkward teenagers falling in love, with no idea what the hell to do about it.” John’s eyes sparkled.
“You.. feel the same way… how? Exactly?” He was being cautious.
“What about your parents?” John snorted.
“Oh no you’re not, you slut.” His mum growled, all the playful sexualness was imediatly replaced with seething rage. “The last thing I need is another delinquent harlett in my house, your sister’s curiosity was bad enough, but at least she can’t get knocked up.” John flinched, this was going worse than he ever imagined.
Oh. My god. Its been so long I'm sorry I'm a bad person /.\
“Yeah?” He inquired.
sort of way. John bumped his shoulder and started walking.
"You're only 16?"
“Doing what?” he asked, holding off a smirk. John cleared his throat and shook his head again, trying to clear it.
"You don't have a garden, cooking and eating are dull, shopping is too pedestrian, and really John? I'm 16 years old."
“I don’t think anyone else has been as determined as me.” Sherlock stated, feeling slightly more confident. He’d probably only gotten about a third way down John’s impressive length. Which, Sherlock was proud of himself for. While he had tested his gag reflex with various objects over the course of his life, he’d never attempted to deepthroat anyone’s penis, and John’s girth was unfound.
“What?” It was sarcasm, it had to be.
, John thought.
“Yeah I guess so.” He looked away. They sat in silence, mulling over the conversation in their own heads. The silence lasted a few minutes, long enough for Sherlock’s feet to start to ache from standing in the same position for too long.
“What does it mean, John?” Was his muffled response. John tried to pull away and look into Sherlock’s eyes, but the man pulled him closer and kept his face buried into John’s chest. John could feel the anxiety rolling off of him in thick waves, so he wrapped his arms around him gently and rested his chin back on top of his head.
“Jane, I was speaking to you.” John grit his teeth and walked towards the stairs.
“No, that was… that was beautiful, Sherlock. And I-I have something for you. Gime me a mo’” John hurried down the ladder and to his coat, pulling out the small gift hidden inside. He took a deep breath and steeled himself, marching back up the ladder to Sherlock who was in the same position he’d left him in. After chewing on his lip for a second, John finally presented the taller boy with the gift. The small red and green plaid box with the silver bow. Sherlock’s eyes sparkled and for a moment John thought he was going to cry.
“Keep them closed for now.” He grabbed a handful of Sherlock’s curls and held him still, pulling his foreskin back and rubbing the wet slit across Sherlock’s pretty pink mouth. He let the smaller man give him little kitten licks every once in a while, the taste making his head swim.
“Elaborate?” John requested. Sherlock shuffled beneath him.
John opened 12 quietly.
Because on a summer evening Greg loves to sit outside the pub with a pint and watch the foot traffic and the market and just…just appreciate the city he loves. When he has time to stop. And think. And see.
No, John's
"Teach me contemporary mating mores?"
Any questions do please let me know and, as always, read the comments for these wee chapters because it seems someone is always adding useful data!
The man at the next café table made retching noises.
After awhile John'll say what he always says about the tall thing to the left of the Eye. "The BT Tower looks like a sonic screwdriver, don't you think?"
"Oh god."
"Lithium!"
"How could you possibly know I'm bi—"
—this one was
John doesn't know their story, he doesn't know why the brothers show their obvious love for one another with bickering and eye rolling, but John's a healer, right down to his bones. If this is what his patient—well, ex-patient—needs, then John doesn't see what harm saying yes can do.
"I'm John," John says.
Sherlock never drinks it.
So he snuck stealth across the park and he asked the boy
No, that's not right.
Then they shift in the dark and this is when the monologue goes breathy and high and even though Sherlock's shaking thighs sometimes tighten against John's ears, John can still hear Sherlock's voice above all other sounds, so when Sherlock rubs his blood-swollen cock against John's head, John can hear Sherlock's mumbles of "good" and "soft" and "t-t-tickle," but mostly John hears Sherlock's pleasure when he ruts and rubs until he comes.
"I was right. What happened to you was awful. But it didn't happen the night you were shot in the alley. It was a long time before that, when you decided you're not enough. And what you're afraid of now, more than anything, is that you'll never be enough, not for anyone, and so every day you go about the busy business of making sure that that's true."
Turns out John Watson's never really been very good at avoiding aggravation.
Sherlock was given pause. Over the years many sobriquets have been applied to him. He's been called a dick, a prick, an annoying bastard, an arrogant shit and, most memorably, a freaky little fuck. However, until today no epithet has included the word
"What? No.
Sherlock can't answer for three long seconds.
"Yes you are."
"Did she…the poisoner…?"
For once Sherlock doesn't care about the case. Sherlock cares about remembering the first time John did this, fifteen years ago, after he joined the army. Sherlock hadn't liked it then. He feels differently now. John isn't going away this time.
What does Lestrade see when he steps out the door of New Scotland Yard? Well…this.
"I mean it mate, you tell her you're sorry or…" John closed his eyes, counted to five, unfisted his hands. Unfortunately these did not help, no matter how often the therapist said they would. "…or I'll tell everyone what you're so afraid of."
This sergeant had not made the emergency call that got him out of a warm hospital and into a minus ten degree night.
the sort John Watson is.
Apologising as he stepped on a woman's foot, begging pardon as he elbowed a man in the ribs, John turned forty-five degrees in the crowded—
Lestrade breathed shallow, said softly, "But there's no basement in this house."
You can taste a freckle. Sherlock learned that then, because that tiny mark was sweeter for sure, it enticed him to bite tender-hard, then suck. John spread himself again, so Sherlock went hunting for more freckles.
* The first image in this wee series of photos needs no introduction and if it does I think perhaps you’ve wandered over here by mistake. The Doctor Who fandom is to your left behind that blue door, Supernatural is behind those wings, Avengers behind that green door, and Kingsmen through that interesting wardrobe. For those that remain, Our Boys need no introduction and so we move to image two.
This was fine actually, as Altamont discovered a tutor who would pop in on demand, coming over when Maureen was teaching somewhere, burning something, or otherwise physically occupied elsewhere.
Again John opened his mouth in a hint of a suggestion blah blah blah.
, where the security guard's body was found on the Thames shore, is both sandy and rocky, though many of those rocks aren’t. The rocks are actually lumps of white and yellow chalk, which you can see in the second photo, where I’ve gathered a few together. Propped against the chalk on the right are two old clay pipe stems, something else you’ll find easily along the Thames shore.
Sherlock could feel his cheeks flaring red and before he let himself notice the same flush on John's cheeks Sherlock sat up straight and, looking out the window, said, "Which was ridiculous of course. On her mating flight the queen rarely flies higher than twenty feet. She has sex with up to a dozen drones, who do not feed her honey while they mate. After he has sex with the queen, the drone's penis is ripped out of his body and so he dies on—"
"Hello."
Sherlock grinned wider. He poured his tablemate some very good plum wine. And flick-flick-flick, his gaze meeting the gaze of a man who reflected back to him
. Okay fine.
. John thought with a fond smile. Sherlock crowded into his space and bumped their noses together, resting his forehead against John’s and gazing into his eyes.
“Merry Christmas, John.” He murmured, just a hair's breadth away, warm air ghosting over John’s lips, startling him to let go of the breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding. He leaned forward and pressed his lips against Sherlock's in a more firm kiss, eyes slipping closed naturally. The hand that was still on his jaw moved to the back of his neck and Sherlock’s long fingers slid into his hair. John brought his own hand up to Sherlock’s chest, then it slowly made its way up to his shoulder. Sherlock shivered under John’s probing fingers that were stroking their way up his collarbone, and deepened the kiss. Within a few minutes John was on his back with both of his hands tangled in Sherlock’s hair, who was crouched over him cradling the back of his head. Sherlocks tongue swiped gently along John’s bottom lip and he arched his chest into Sherlock’s and moaned, digging his fingers into the dark curls they were buried in. The sound reverberated down Sherlock’s thin body and throbbed through his lower regions. He gasped and pulled back a few inches, panting to catch is breath. Beneath him, John’s black dyed hair was a ruffled mess from wandering fingers, and his face was tinged raspberry.
John's laugh was the most beautiful thing he had ever heard.
“Really now, no insults or clever remarks? Have you lost your touch?” Mycroft jived.
“Oi, Janey.” The leader of the group called again. He was a tall boy with greasy blond hair, his clothes had thrift store written all over them, but they looked new and expensive enough that they hid the truth of his family’s wealth thoroughly. And although his need for control was ingrained in him from a semi abusive father, the way he held himself and forcibly commanded the control told a story of compensation for something he was lacking in his pants. And when he still didn’t get a response out of the other boy, he let out a frustrated growl and stalked forward.
He sighed dejectedly and put the guitar aside. He stood up, stretching and groaning. He ran his fingers through his dyed hair, grimacing at the oiliness in it. He grimaced and picked up a change of clothes and a towel, heading for the shower.
“Mouthwash?” He asked quietly. John smiled at him and grabbed the bottle from the mirror cabinet. Sherlock took it graciously, spitting in the trash can when he was finished. John took advantage of Sherlock’s minty mouth, pressing a soft kiss to his lips before helping him into the bath. He took a moment to wipe a warm rag over his cock.
“Yes ma’am.” They said one after the other, then Sherlock was dragging John back to his room.
. He was silently grateful it was Friday, meaning his parents would be running errands all day tomorrow, and Harry would either be at a friends, at the park, or in her room and he would basically have the house to himself. He had every intention to finish his only homework before tomorrow, but he fell asleep halfway through.
“Is that so, brother mine?”
. He scolded himself.
He rolled off the sofa, listening to all of his joints crack out of the position he’d kept for-Sherlock glanced at the clock- a solid twelve hours and 15 seconds now. His ankles creaked as he touched his bare feet down to the cold floor. They had a rug down, but the chill from outside crept into the wooden planks and pipes beneath the floor, making the rug frigid with it too. He walked slowly to the kitchen, robotically grabbing the bread and butter off the counter. It had also been several days since he’d eaten. There was no case to keep his mind occupied, and there hadn’t been for a while. He’d solved a grand double homicide last month, but since then, there had been nothing. Lestrade had sent over a few cold case files, per John’s request for his tempered flat mate, but they held no interest to Sherlock. He put two slices of bread in the toaster and moved to sit down at the table. He traced his thin fingers over the most recent damaged spot, frowning. He’d been testing different acid effects on bullets, one of the stronger types had eaten through the container and gotten ahold of the finish on the table, starting a small fire. John wasn’t as angry as he’d expected, after the initial panic to the flame, he and Sherlock both reached for the bag of flower they kept for just these occasions, and managed to put out the flame with minimal damage to the table. John scolded Sherlock for keeping a jar of acid on the table that they ate on, then griped about how idiotic the container was, joking for Sherlock to get the industrial ones. Sherlock had inclined his chin, but said nothing. There wasn’t much to say recently.
Sherlock contemplates saying the thing he wants to say but he doesn't know how to say, so instead he does what he always does: He goes for what's easy. Turning toward where John's looking, Sherlock prepares to say what he sees.
Sometimes Sherlock talks to himself...sometimes the words are not kind.
"K2! Eight thousand six hundred an' eleven!"
Both men leaned over the plump corpse and peered. "See the slight swelling around that puncture by his wing? Easy to miss but it looks like a bee sting. May have been allergic."
because that's another of the things other kids taught him growing up—mock first, fast, and
Before they each went in different directions John said, "There's something strange about your bear."
been asked—little John Watson would have said it was totally not his fault.
After work, everyone at the Met goes to this pub. Greg's not the only one who needs that symbolic crossing of the street to feel he's left work behind and the fact that the Grafton Arms is nearly within sight of the Met doesn't matter.
Sherlock blinks. He has forgotten his own name.
He never got the chance. Instead of introducing himself, John took hold of the big man's arm and said, "Mate, you look terrible."
Sherlock's cheeks flush noticeably. He has the almost irresistible urge to cover them with his hands.
He looked at his pinkie and it was dotted with red marks and already hurting. It hurt too much to cry so John just clutched it close and rocked and rocked.
The short doctor—Sherlock had
"Time Lord."
And little Johnny ran away.
"That's the stupidest thing I've heard all day, and with this lot that's quite saying something."
have an international reputation?" The tall man squinted owlishly at John, as if expecting an actual answer.
home. So every afternoon the fourteen-year-old boy brought back a dozen heavy books, curiosity, and questions.
"God damn it Adele, we're busy in here!"
With a grunt John Watson went to his knees.
Sherlock grunts, he can't, he—
"There's only one person over there and your face is facing that person. You're looking."
"Look at you. Obviously
the bed-bound man says without saying it,
"I said I was gay and you made
And for the first time in Sherlock Holmes' life he deduces strange things. Things like
It's noon on a summer day and Portobello Road is full of bodies, a shoulder-to-shoulder crowd surging slow along a meandering mile of this, that, and the over-priced other thing.
my turn."
always take pains to ensure these two meet no matter their when-or-where, heaved itself a sigh of relief.
But there's only one thing that'll stop the fire in his shoulder, and it sounds just like an Afghan viper when he turns the bottle slowly in his hands, the pills whispering with that snake’s soft
work well under pressure when—unf!"
By at least a good thirty-eight to forty-two percent.
"Obviously," groused Sherlock.
My very favourite thing not far from Charing Cross Railway Station is the British Optical Association Museum. It's two small rooms packed full of glorious
And what he wanted was to stare down at his sandy-haired seat mate and flick-flick-flick past the obvious—military, doctor, alone—to observe the less obvious: This small, silent man thrived under fire. Oh how interesting.
No wonder villains and baristas weren't afraid of him any more.
Sherlock Holmes stepped over the sheet-swaddled corpse, got right on up in his appropriated stranger's face. "All I need are your thoughts on cause of death,
thing Harry brings out in him, along with too many inconvenient truths—when the man with the thighs that
possible for another person to have lived in this building
I've no idea what Sherlockian story these signs might help you tell, but that's just the thing—do
"What's this white one with the little bells and how about this one is it also gonna make me deaded also my grampa grows tomatoes and they're called
Another tap at the door, this one gentler, followed by a man's voice.
, so there's that.
Today was the best day ever.
The windows got foggier.
Chin high, back straight, Sherlock shook his head in the manner of all aggrieved everywhere.
Sherlock was already half-way to 221C, because it just
So, right. One of the things we know St. Bart's for most (at this point) is the height of the rooftop. *breathes into paper bag lots more*
It takes a few more blinks, a glance at his own feet, then turning down his upturned collar, but finally Sherlock Holmes steps forward, and into John Watson's arms.
The man shook his head yes.
Sherlock sighed, sleepy, "Was'n…far."
“I’ve come to say goodbye. We’re going to New York, leaving Monte Carlo this morning. All of our things are already packed and in the car, and I just thought I should say goodbye beforehand. And so, this is me doing just that.” The words came out stiff and awkward. The same could be said for his posture.
“The signal,” he said aloud, still dazed. “For a ship in distress, out on the shore.”
“Fine, yes. Do your thing,” John said, before grabbing Sherlock’s forearm with his good arm. “Just—don’t make me regret it.”
Sherlock flips over, and lies on his front. With the hand not clutched, John touches his shoulder. He runs his short nails down the duckling’s back. Sherlock turns his head to the left, half his face exposed. John brushes the fringe away from his forehead, and Sherlock’s smile peaks out from the side of the pillow. He’s waiting.
“I've been calling on the bishop,” he said, “though only found the bishop's lady to be at home.”
Sherlock had always believed John’s limp came and went with his ability to forget, and now wondered if it was remembering which had unlocked the root of the issue. If John viewing his life as lost had been the cause of the phantom pain, the key to his relief was in believing that his past could be overcome. Sherlock desperately wondered if John understood it this way, but would not have drawn John’s attention to his cane for the world, not wishing to disturb John’s apparent miraculous recovery.
“You know what he is to me,” Sherlock replied in defeat. If he was aware of this all being an illusion now, then this Watson knew it all as well, and could see into the depths of his heart. There was no use constructing his barriers and concealments, not from himself.
“Not for long,” Sherlock returned, and before John could ask him to explain, he started to slide down the hill, the ground muddy enough that walking would have been more work.
“Oh, I hate to be out in the evening these days, what with witches and wizards about,” she said, while John bound her twisted ankle. In a conspiratory whisper, she added, “No pretty girl is safe from Wizard Holmes if caught alone.”
But Sherlock was already extending his long legs forward, and John’s only choice was to follow suit.
Robert ducked his head, and departed as quickly as he had entered. Moriarty continued to stare at him with those same empty eyes, but Sherlock wasn’t in the mood to be so easily unsettled.
“Hmm, what a disappointment.”
“Did you go into any of the rooms?” Moriarty asked him, as if only mildly curious.
John has no idea what that is, but regardless he and Sherlock both look to Dr Davenshaw questioningly.
“Sherlock?”
Mumbled, “Yes. Exceptionally.”
Now you’re wondering,
“No. She often went out alone like that. She would come back any time of the night, and sleep at the cottage on the beach.”
“Molly!” he called, startling her. “Where is Lestrade?”
He walked with a dead calmness, for once knowing what would await him when he crossed through the door into the anteroom, and then the master bedroom. Though no electric light could be seen from beneath the door as he approached, he knew it would not be vacant. He turned the knob to the dressing room, and slowly pushed open the door. There was a faint natural light, passing through the fog, which allowed him to dimly see within. He moved past the wardrobes, and into the main chamber to find his target: there, standing by the window with his back turned, was Moriarty. For once, he would come up from behind him. This would have been more satisfying, had Moriarty not been expecting him.
He hadn’t felt like it.  “Drive,” he demanded, smoothing his suit jacket where he'd rumpled it in his haste.
Despite what he thought had been a clear instruction, Lady Norton had yet to make herself useful. A move which would be best to reconsider, before he forcibly separated her from his husband. He would have maneuvered himself closer to their conversation, except that he was stuck pouring out tea for the guests.  The steam from the pot was making his face hot, with his hair beginning to stick to his forehead from condensation. He glared at the back of Lady Irene’s perfectly coiffed head from behind his pot.
Moriarty sighed before he shuffled down along the hallway. A strange dynamic. They didn’t sound much like friends. Moriarty’s sarcasm was too clear, much less hidden than it ever had been with him or John.
He had never heard of the man himself, and yet he couldn’t help but feel the sting of embarrassment from Wilkes’ loud discussion of Watson’s personal life.  He was going to be associated with Wilkes by proximity, and for some reason he didn’t want the new arrival thinking ill of him in that way. He prayed that Wilkes would not go further than this, but unfortunately once he had set his sights on a visitor of distinction, stopping him was futile. Wilkes was already tapping his knuckles against his chin, a telltale sign that a plan of attack was being devised.
the sugar.
The Lady pressed a hand to John’s sleeve, overly familiar, simpering and smiling in a manner she probably considered attractive. He wondered if he could deliver her cup to her personally. Perhaps he’d have an accident, spilling some of the scalding hot tea on her lap.
. John had seemed angered by Moriarty when they first arrived at the house, and had been angered again over Magnussen. And yet, John put up with Moriarty’s insubordination, never terminating his late wife’s servant. John had been under Moriarty’s thumb the entire time. No wonder John had run away from Manderley. No wonder John had never wanted to come back.
John, who didn’t think he could be shocked by anything else that evening, could only laugh at himself. It was true, even when he’d noticed the cane was missing, he hadn’t gone back for it, forgotten entirely. That was the Sherlock Holmes effect, he supposed.
, I had no idea you were -”
“You know exactly what I mean! I know nothing more about you than what I did the first day I saw you, because you never say anything of significance.”
When the shepherd left John only part of the way up the winding hills leading to the moors, he attempted to dissuade him. “I don’t know what you’re after, but if you’re trying to reach Market Folding, it’s a long way,” the shepherd said. “There’s nothing out there for quite a ways but a bit of hillside, and past that the wastes of Belgravia.”
Early afternoon, John called Colonel Barclay himself, which they both agreed would be in their favour. They were aware that there was a man who wanted to bring forth new evidence. The Colonel confirmed that he had been contacted by a David, and agreed that Manderley would be an acceptable meeting place for the discussion. The Colonel arrived, seemingly perplexed by it all, and then David, the man Sherlock had seen at the inquest. Describing the man as upset would have been a gross understatement - he seemed beyond himself with grief, when he wasn’t glaring daggers at John.
John had arguably always been overly attached, but his interest in the last Sherlock Holmes case went in a different direction. The answer to the pill game was of no interest to him, though everyone in the forums was obsessed with arguing about the mind games. To John, it seemed like just dumb luck. He was more interested in, as always, his own role in the story. The different times and places Sherlock Holmes could have been convinced to not be so bloody stupid seemed endless. John liked to think of all the things he’d say to him, having endless pretend conversations with him, though the conversation was mostly John cursing interspersed with persuasion.
“I think about you making me service you, denying me pleasure because I took it without asking.” Sherlock gasps, slowly tracing up and down his slick bud. Seeing John react to positively to him made him a bit braver, and he said the next bit looking John directly in the eye. “I think about you splitting me open with that massive fucking cock of yours. Screwing me until sunday, until my hips ache and I can’t tell if I’m cumming or not because you’re relentless and you don’t stop when I start squirting.”
“Thank you, John.” He muttered quietly. John threw him a grin over his shoulder.
"Order whatever you want John." He would get the £15 one, even if it was some weird pasta dish he'd never heard of. "Which means the crab stuffed ravioli, not the pesto and penne." John glared at him.
“Just home, please.” The driver nodded and rolled up the partition. John raised a brow at Sherlock.
"Sorry, what?" John asked. Most people didn't start a conversation at the mention of a hard drug, but then again, this boy wasn't exactly normal.
“And..?” He prompted.
“I simply wish to inquire as to why you will be needing the car today. Chuck has informed me you will be out until mid afternoon?” Mycroft stepped into the room,
“No, it's my Christmas present. Mycroft needed it.” He shot a smirk over his shoulder before crawling across the back seat and leaving the door open for John. John laughed and climbed into the car after him. There was a man in a black cap at the wheel, he greeted John with a nod and a smile in the rearview mirror, then looked to Sherlock.
John woke up to a pounding at his bedroom door. He groaned and rolled over to place his pillow over his head.
“Brilliant.” John breathed. Sherlock’s eyes snapped up to his face, taking in the look of awe without comprehension.
“He’s not my boyfriend Harry.” And he was out the door, almost running straight into Sherlock who was standing on the steps. Sherlock grabbed him by the shoulders to steady him, trying his best not to fall backwards down the steps.
“If I had something in mind I wouldn’t be bored, I’d be doing it. That’s why I came here. Because I’m bored and I have nothing to do. And you’re interesting. That too.” John nodded and glanced over to his dresser. Cowering under a blanket while naked and vulnerable wasn't his idea of being a gracious host, he would need clothes to play that part.
,” he pressed harder, making him gag. “Are so ignorant it makes the surrounding area drop IQ points.” The greasy blond’s eyes rolled back in his head and he started sniffling. “Now, I sincerely suggest you leave this
They slept soundly until the sun shone brightly through the window, warming the couple until it was uncomfortable to stay cuddled so close together. John woke on his back with Sherlock’s legs and arms wrapped completely around him, his forehead was pressed into John’s shoulder. They were a little sweaty from the sun beating down on them, but John was in no hurry to move. Sherlock slept like a rock. Silent, unmoving. John would have pinged him for a snorer, but surprisingly, he breathed through his nose softly, features relaxed. John rolled over as gently as he could, not waking the other man, and took a few moments to imprint the view into memory. John really liked watching Sherlock sleep, the few times he’d been privy to it. His face was so relaxed, he looked softer, somehow. Like all of his angles and hard features just melted away and he looked 10 years younger. John cupped his jaw and slid his fingers into his messy dark curls, bringing their foreheads together. He spent a few minutes stroking Sherlock’s hair and breathing in his sleepy scent before Sherlock himself woke as well.
“I guess your family is pretty passive aggressive with how they misgender you, huh?” He said quietly. Sherlock gave a low hum.
“It’s fine.” He mumbled good heartedly, making his voice as deep as he could.
Sherlock flexed his hands and sighed. He was just getting ready to come down from the extra rush that little spat had given him, when the chain on his coat sleeve was tugged roughly, he was being pulled out of the train in the opposite direction from where the bullies had scampered off. He whipped around, trying to see who was pulling him, but he turned too fast and his head spun, causing him to trip face first off the train and into the person. Which just so happened to be the boy who caused him to fight in the first place. There was a quiet curse from the boy as he caught himself on his hands to avoid crushing his guitar, scraping them. He turned to look at Sherlock briefly before sitting up.
“I am curious to hear the rest of that tale, John.” Sherlock rolled his eyes.
"Sherlock I don't have any money for this, I can just eat when we get back." He tried. But the other boy was determined.
“God damn it, Sherlock. You’re so fucking good.” John groaned, pushing back into his mouth and forcing the head in and out of his throat. Sherlock sobbed and another gush of bile flowed out of his throat. Tears were running down his face and his nose was kind of snotty, but John thought he looked beautiful. “You’re so pretty like this, love. All messy for me.” He couldn't stop himself from thrusting hard into him a few times. Sherlock was leaving a small sticky puddle of his own on the kitchen floor, his cunt leaking uncontrollably from the rough treatment.
"You know I've never actually been on a proper walk, just for the hell of it. It sounds intriguing, I could gather some useful information about the general public through this exercise." John just barely got him to stop pulling him out the door long enough for him to get his shoes on.
First, the question of Sherlock's pubic hair. I really like the idea that he's just never paid attention to it because it hadn't occurred to him to groom, I'm stuck between three scenarios on this.
“So, we’re… together, then?” Sherlock asked as John threw some eggs and sausage into a pan.
"It was a bad memory, I apologize for making you relive it. I hope I haven't spoiled our lunch." He looked a tad bit guilty, and not quite sure how to deal with it. His face kept making weird twists and turns.
“Sherlock?” John looked over his shoulder at him, but still focused on the dishes. Sherlock put a finger inside of himself.
“Can I stay for a few more minutes?” He pleaded. John gave him an exasperated sigh with a smile hinting at the corners of his mouth.
“Wasn’t there an exhibit you wanted to see? The one about Modern Medicine?”
“Well alright then, Mr.Drama Queen. What do you normally do on Sundays?” He giggled. Sherlock sniffed at the comment and leered at him down his nose.
“That's all very well and good, but I do have some experiments to attend to.” John nodded his consent and Sherlock climbed down the ladder to his lab. John sighed and looked at the huge closet to his left. He could only see day clothes hanging up, and he would need some pjs to change into. He shouted down to Sherlock who directed him to a dresser right in front of him. Inside he found several pairs of fluffy pants and loose tshirts. John stripped down to his underwear and his “binder” which consisted of two small tank tops that did an adequate job of keeping him flat. A month or so after their meeting, Sherlock had talked him into finding safer ways to bind, considering he demolished every offer Sherlock made to buy him a legitimate binder. He steeled himself and squeezed his eyes shut, not wanting to watch his flat-ish chest inflate as he took off the tank tops. He quickly pulled the large t-shirt over his head, then the fuzzy grinch pants he found.
“Good. Your hands stay on your thighs unless you need to signal. Were you serious about wanting to puke on my cock?” John asked, jacking himself off slowly with one hand and petting Sherlock with the other. He batted his length against Sherlock’s cheek. Even though it was light, the man could still wind up with a black eye in the morning. “I can and will make that happen, if you want.” John finished, slapping Sherlock’s cheeks with his throbbing tip a few more times, leaving streaks of pre on his alabaster skin. Sherlock’s hole clenched and throbbed at the thought.
“Hey, Sherlock…” John started. Sherlock slowed his spinning to a stop, coking his head at the boy. “Why aren’t you at boarding school? Its October, are you on break?” John asked. Sherlock gave him a grimace.
"Well how old are you?"
"Entertain me." The statement was simple enough, but the way he said it sounded dangerous... and mildly erotic. Which was most definitely being misinterpreted. He swallowed, managing to keep his smile and not blush too terribly.
“Piss off.” Sherlock answered with a small smile of his own, meeting John’s gaze across the table.
"Now that he's humiliated? Oh yeah, I bet he'd be
"You asked what I do in my free time." He clarified. "I do cocaine."
“It’s not you, Sherlock. I know I’m never going to be able to do it. And it sucks. You reminding me doesn’t make it suck more or less, it's just kind of a fact.” His voice was low and his eyes glazed over for a moment before he cleared his throat.
“John, you’ve- Me?” Sherlock asks, his heart thumping loudly. He almost doesn’t dare imagine that John would have felt anything akin to lust at the thought of him, despite of his confession not thirty minutes ago.
“Wait, so, you’re..?” John looked dumbfounded, but Sherlock just hummed a response. John blew out a breath and sat back against the booth. He thought for a few seconds then frowned. “Wait, what do you mean ‘mine hasn’t been the least bit of kind?’” Sherlock sighed, giving John a look.
"So honestly though, what do you want to do?" Sherlock just shrugged indifferently, still upset about his miscalculation.
John pushed the thought away, he had no right to judge how Sherlock coped with his stress, he barely knew the boy. He shook his head to clear his thoughts and closed the case back up. It was broken, John would probably never play again. He couldn’t afford to fix it, let alone buy a new one. That guitar had been laying in the alleyway next to his school over two years ago. John had picked it up, brushed off the dust, and tuned it. He turned it into his school, but after a month of not being claimed, they just gave it to him.
The rest of the dinner was had uneventfully. Every time someone would call Sherlock something even remotely masculine, Lydia would give a little twitch. John was beginning to suspect that everyone but her and maybe Siegfried were on board with the whole Sherlock being a boy thing. The staff called him William, Mycroft repeatedly called him ‘brother’ in some way or another, and even their father seemed to use neutral terms around him. Everyone at the table had a small conversation with either him or Sherlock, mostly Sherlock. Siegfried gave John a small not of acknowledgment when the dinner was over and the staff on call was taking away the desert plates and the people were standing from their seats. Sherlock tried to snatch John away as quickly as they could, but Myrial caught them at the doorway. Sherlock let out an impatient huff, muttering ‘yes, yes, I know.’ before begrudgingly giving the expectant old woman a kiss on the cheek. She grabbed him in a fierce hug, whispering something in his ear that caused his neck to turn red. John giggled into his hand as he watched the display. Sherlock pulled back from the hug with a fond smile.
“That’s the best present I can ask for.”
The thought sent a hazy wave of dizziness over him, and he was glad he was sitting down. He swallowed against the dryness of his throat and snuck a hand between his own legs, stroking lightly at the slickness in his cleft.
“I really enjoyed today.” Sherlock said quietly. John blushed and smiled.
“Um…”
And then does he keep it like that? Or should he experiment and really drive John crazy? Let me know your input! I'm going to post another chapter some time today!
“Don’t stop.” John moaned, trying to pull him back down. Sherlock went eagerly but ended up slipping off the end of the bed, which both of them were dangling off of. John giggled and sat up on his elbows to see a ruffled head of curls pop up with a playful scowl underneath.
Thank you guys for sticking with me till the end. I will be continuing writing Trans!Sherlock fics, but not in this au specifically. Maybe I'll write some fucking porn finally.
“Hands behind your back.” John ordered, the hand that wasn’t tangled in Sherlock’s curls wrapped around his bulging throat. Sherlock complied, and John stood from his chair. The change of angle caused a bit more of his cock to go into his convulsing throat. John thrust hard into him, the helpless pleading look on Sherlock’s face egging him on.
John.” Sherlock gasped as his fingers brushed against his spot, making John eye his movements.
ly reason people didn’t harass me more than they did, was because I was his younger brother.” His lip curled. He and John were quiet for a few moments, before the smaller boy sighed.
"Harry..." He whined. "It's really not like that." His sister gave him a sceptical look.
“I’m so sorry Sherlock, I-”
“Just take it, you twat.” Sherlock smiled up at him and snatched the gift from his open palms. John sat down next to him and watched him study the box in his hands. He ran his fingers over the surface and then along the bow. He followed the faux silk all the way to the end of the ribbon, and pulled it slowly until the knot had untied and the string fell to his lap. John held his breath while Sherlock lifted the top of the box open. A small gasp emanated from his lips as he saw what was inside. A small silver angel with the words “Welcome Home” written across it in a small delicate scroll. It sat on a pillow of white satin, the chain of the necklace tucked underneath. John looked down at his feet and fidgeted.
“Erm… it's kind of messy. And I have some petri dishes culturing with sulfur, but I opened a window this morning so it shouldn’t be too bad but-”
“What plan is she talking about?” John asked. Sherlock smiled at him with a glint in his eye.
“I’m not a damned charity case Sherlock. I saw the money you slipped into my guitar case, I don’t need you feeling sorry for me.” John said angrily, Sherlock jumped in surprise.
“Janey… Oh hello darling. Harry told me you were out all day with a man, she was right.” His mother finished with a wink. Sherlock stiffened next to him, already deciding he disliked this woman.
“Well, that's enough moping for the day. Are we going to finish this walk or what? That ravioli isn’t going to burn its own calories.” Sherlock grinned at him and took his hand.
“Yeah, everything’s fine. Just a little sore.” He shuffled the blanket back onto his shoulders awkwardly, and glanced at Sherlock’s face. He didn’t look convinced. John rolled his eyes and pulled his knees as close to his chest as he could.
“Jane! You’re punk boyfriend is here!” Harry yelled from downstairs. John was already bounding down the steps, barely even stopping to put his shoes on.
“It’s nice that it's closed off a bit. That way when people come in they don’t catch you in your knickers.” John laughed. The loft was only about 6 feet off the main floor, so it wasn't too bad of a climb. When they reached the top, Sherlock pulled a curtain closed behind them. It was a moderate space with a full bed in the middle. To the right there was an open closet area that just had shelves and hanger bars that were filled to the brim with dark clothing and various pairs of shoes. There were shelves of odd knick knacks, and what John hoped to god wasn’t a real human skull, sitting on the bedside table next to a glass of half drank water and a book, like it was the most normal thing in the world. Sherlock plopped down on the bed and sprawled back with his arms out, groaning.
