“I don’t get your fascination with cars. They are just machines,” said Rune.
"Any idea what caused it?" asked Steve. Nothing in Howard's office should have caused that reaction from her. It was more likely to stir such a response in him than her.
“Yeah.”
Steve nearly broke the broom on hearing Tony's voice. He leaned it against the wall before he could crush it. Steve had expected the alpha’s prescience sooner, surely Jarvis alerted him to what happened.
“She did excellently. I’ll see her every day for a week. Then we’ll try every other day,” said George.
“Tony!”
He leaned forward, kissing the alpha.
“You need to eat,” said Tony.
Fury stood in the doorway. Steve froze.
"I don't feel like cooking."
“Is he alive?” he asked, noticing the blood dripping from her knuckles.
This was his odd way of comforting her. And it worked, just … not as much as either of them wanted. It would mean so much if Winter were her dad. Or if he wasn't a killer too. She couldn't believe her parents would accept her. They stood for good. What did she stand for? How could she be good if the thing inside her, that gave her strength, was bad? What if she let it out again? When she got mad?
Steve jumped over to the ledge. He pulled out the slot, revealing a glowing orange network of tech.
“Jarvis,” said Tony.
“Fury told me you were coming. You’ll be teaching me about this new era,” said Steve.
"It’s almost done, Pipes."
"The activation of Extremis in her system. In this state, her heart rate doubled and there was a massive spike in adrenaline. Oddly, at the end of the episode, her skin was noticeably cold. I took a sample and compared it to those previously taken. The Extremis chemical signature now shows up in her bloodstream.”
Tony worked with Piper sleeping on his chest. She started waking up. Piper yawned. Her fingers played harmlessly against the surface of his arc reactor.
“You did surprisingly well. There’s only one story,” said Pepper.
*****
Tonight was their last night together. He would miss the pattern they made. Steve loaded the last dish into the dishwasher. Tony had put on a basketball game. He was that familiar with the sport. Personally, he was more a baseball fan. Tony sat next to him. He turned the beer bottle in his hand, picking nervously at the label. Being with Tony was the best time he'd since he got out of the ice. He was having fun and laughing. Everything came so naturally. His behavior didn't feel forced or like he was putting on a mask. He'd missed Tony. It felt like he'd known the alpha far longer than he did. He put down his beer. Steve pressed against Tony's side, resting his on the alpha's chest. Tony's arm wrapped around his shoulder.
“We’d never hurt you, kid. Any friend of Piper’s is a friend of ours,” said Tony.
*****
"Do you know what happened?"
“Are we still friends?”
“I want that computer, Hill,” he said.
“Say hi to Tony for me,” she said.
January 8, 2016
“Why?”
He hung up.
“And your pups are always angels,” she said.
"To make him, stealth mode," said the kid excitedly.
His gauntlet unlocked from his hand, yanking him out of the rubble. The water drained from his mask.
"Our pup will be baptized," said Steve.
"I want to tell you from the start. Then this happened."
They soaped up and hosed off the super soldiers before putting them into fresh clothes.
“Can I please discuss this with you?” asked Maya.
“I want to go back up," said Steve.
“Here it comes. Three, four-
"Can we watch something else?" asked Tony.
“When do we go?” asked Steve.
“Jarvis.”
“Hey, kids, why don’t you tell your parents that I’m here.” Piper stuck her tongue out at him before disappearing inside.
“She’s perfect,” said Steve.
"It's your fault we had to eliminate most," said Steve.
“True,” he said.
Rune plucked a few hairs from is head. “Here you go.”
“After brunch.”
“I don’t like it.”
“Can you? Can you wipe out that much red? Drakoff’s daughter? Sao Paulo? The hospital fire? Barton told me everything,” said Loki.
“Yes, sir.”
“Bruce,” said Steve.
she said.
Piper had figured out the basic elements of Winter's arm with relatively little education. The complex parts were still unknown to her. It was impressive, but not surprising.
“You’ve stopped now."
“What’s this?”
“Why do you hate her?” he said.
“Do they fight like that a lot?” he asked.
“I don’t know what I’d do without you,” said Steve.
"Please let him go!" she whimpered, tears streaming down her cheeks.
“First calm down you’ll be no help to him if you’re panicked. He’s an omega right,” said Rhodes.
"Jarvis, vent out the room," he said.
“If I refuse?” asked Steve.
“Tony, we-”
“Let’s get it over with it," he said.
The guilt of Bucky’s death hit him hard in his already emotional state. A hand traveled through his hair.
Steve got up. “I’m going to shower."
“I wonder what you look like underneath all the scruff.”
Steve watched the flower girls trot down the aisle, dropping petals. Natasha walked gracefully down after them. Clint was waiting for him at the entrance.
“I had to knock him out.”
The bedroom was shaped in a semicircle and painted dark gray. Its floors were made of dark wood. The wall in front of him was tall and made entirely of glass. It looked down on the city. He unpacked his things. At the center of the room was a bed. There were at least twenty pillows stacked on the bed. He neatly pilled them on the floor. He yawned the urge to sleep was too powerful to ignore. Steve got into bed. The sheets were soft against his skin. The softness of the bed wasn't suffocating. It cradled him comfortably. But he couldn't shake his insecurity. He gathered the decorative pillows off the floor and built a wall around him. Steve burrowed under the blankets, swiftly falling asleep.
Steve watched as Tony did their daughter's hair. Piper sat in front of Tony completely relaxed as he combed her hair. He couldn't believe it the first time he watched them. Tony had a remarkable talent for braiding and styling the little girl's hair. The most Steve could manage was pigtails.
The panic attack had zapped her energy. "I guess you're right."
“You must feel like a pincushion,” she said.
“Further anesthesia is a concern of the surgeons. It’s likely he will regain consciousness during surgery and wake in a panic. Only your alpha command will work,” said Fury.
He shook the feral haze on his mind. The embarrassment of the situation hit him. He was pinned to the kitchen floor knotted to his boyfriend.
Tony left. Steve yawned stretching out. He was starving. Hopefully, something would stay down. He went to the kitchen a made himself breakfast. It was only toast, but he needed something simple that would be easy on his stomach. His breakfast was quiet.
“Can I see her?”
"You're the prettiest one I've ever seen. And I've seen many," said Tony.
“It would have to be after the holiday. I'm on assignment,” said Steve.
“One of the doctors had the dumb idea of using an alpha command of foreign alpha. He didn’t respond well. It caused him to break several of the said alpha’s bones,” said Fury.
"Are they stable enough for me to ask some questions?" asked Bruce, pausing.
Soon, everyone was grabbing pizza and having fun. When they broke open the piñata, it was filled with Piper’s favorite candies: Sour Patch Kids, Twix, Kit Kats, and Peppermint Patties. This inevitably caused a sugar rush, which, thankfully, was short-lived. Then it was time for birthday cake. Steve lit the candles.
“We have what’s most important. We have our baby,” Steve interrupted.
Tony tensed, instantly sitting up in his seat. “I’m forty-one I lost the title of young man a long time ago,” he said.
“Only because I had a good partner,” said Steve.
“You’re already starting cool down,” said Tony.
"It won't work," he said.
She thought over it. “Snowball?”
Tony nodded. Steve shakes with silent laughter, closing the space between them. Their forms lying side by side. Tony was gazing at him with admiration as if he were the most beautiful thing in the world. He caressed Tony’s cheek. Steve shivered at the sensation of arousal. Tony’s hand tangled in his hair, bring him into a kiss. Steve gasped into their kiss when Tony’s hand snuck down his stomach to his cock. His free hand ran up down his back. The alpha hot breath tickled over his skin. He looped his leg around Tony’s thigh holding close, increasing the friction. Their tangled moaning forms were pressed firmly against each other’s, their skin damp with slick and sweat. Steve whined when Tony broke their close contact. The alpha moved atop him. Their breathing came in heavy pants. He bared his neck in silent submission. Steve moaned when Tony's sharpened teeth grazed against his sensitized skin.
Tony laughed. They went to the penthouse. Tony worked on breakfast while Steve showered. Steve quickly dressed. He went into the kitchen. Steve poked at the plate of food waiting for him at the counter. He couldn’t get himself to eat. Steve settled for a breakfast of coffee. It gave him the caffeine he needed.
“Sorry,” she said.
He hugged her goodbye. Steve went his bike. He called Tony.
“Fell out,” he whispered. Steve clung to Tony. What if he hadn’t caught the cable? He may have survived, but not his pup. Steve pushed into the security of Tony's embrace. He only needed a little while longer.
“A great deal can be learned from a simple board game.”
“Steve, come here.”
“I think I made some progress with her,” said Tony.
"It's a lemon cake."
“Have you ever done that in reality?” asked Clint.
“What?”
“You’ll think it’s stupid,” said Steve.
"I am asking for a chance. He deserves some kind of home," said Hill. The kid had gone through enough hell.
"Nothing, sir."
“First, you'll choose several alphas you find attractive. You’ll meet them and get a chance to scent each other. If you don’t like him or her, you are free to leave. When you accept an alpha, you make a contract with them discussing what you're comfortable with. If that alpha breaks it, criminal charges will be pressed. Then you’ll pack a bag and spend the rest of your time until and through your heat with them. You’ll be given a panic button, and at any point, you feel uncomfortable agents will get you,” said Edith.
*****
“Engineering,” said Piper.
“Sorry for surprising you, but I can perform a body scan to see if your birth control is effective," said Jarvis.
Loki smirked. This alpha had humor, but it wouldn’t last long.
“And you aren’t scared? One can shoot lighting from his fingertips and has super strength. The other has an IQ off the chart for her age range and can lift up to fifty times her weight," said Tony.
“And Nat could keep this to yourself?” he asked.
"Thank you."
“Aren’t you going to change? I wouldn’t want you to get sick,” said Steve. He nudged the alpha toward his bedroom.
“Yes, that would nice, thank you. Jarvis, does your name stand for anything?” asked Steve.
“An Indian Chief Roadmaster,” said Phil.
?” asked Fury.
“Relaxed, but that could have been the drugs.”
“Spangles were too conspicuous," he said.
“Winter this is real.” The weight was different from the wooden rod they normally worked with.
“I don’t know about that but it is powered by the cube. And I’d like to know how Loki used it to turn two of the sharpest men I know into his personal flying monkeys,” said Fury.
“No,” said Steve.
“Me getting hurt wasn’t your fault. You’re the best teacher I have.”
“I won’t eat broccoli even if you put it in a muffin.”
Whatever the pup gave her she would turn against her.
“Following is not really my style,” said Tony, before tossing a blueberry into his mouth.
“Sorta."
"That was Jarvis. It makes for a far more romantic setting."
“No!”
“Do you have a mission for me, sir?” asked Steve, finally, tired of waiting.
The alpha nodded.
“I’m here to take Tony to a board meeting,” said Happy.
Rumlow glared at the woman. He was glad she was on their side. The bitch was bat shit crazy. He would love to throw her to wolves. Let Stark and Rogers tear her apart. But she was too fucking valuable.
The watch was still beeping.
Steve stared mesmerized into deep brown eyes. Ready to be bred and potentially mated by Alpha. There was no fear. He kissed and licked at Tony’s chin, whimpering so ready to be taken. Alpha rocked their wet heated forms together. Steve bared his neck whined, begging Alpha to quicken the process. Steve rolled his hips against the alpha's desperate to be breached. Alpha growled against his neck. Without thinking, but not caring once he’d done it, Steve went to his knees, pushing his rear to Alpha. Legs spread, knees parted, presenting himself before the alpha. Moaning, when alpha's hand finally landed on his skin. Steve trembled, the want all but scorching him inside. He was a creature of senses and need now, following his instincts, and it was
“If he doesn’t find someone will give him a list of options,” said Fury.
He could leave it there. It was unlikely that anyone would step on it. Tony spent most of his time in his lab. He should drag Tony out soon. It was late and he didn’t have the energy for such a production.
"It isn't a big deal," she said.
“How are you feeling?” asked Tony.
“Love you too,” said Piper
“Again, we apologize for the lack of room,” said the agent.
Only a fellow soldier could look at him that way.
“I’ll remember for the both of us,” said Piper.
“Why sir?”
“Whoa, whoa he’s here, but he’s not here. He’s but he’s not here.”
“How bad is it?” asked Steve.
“Did you know the fortune cookies aren’t even Chinese?”
"You could always come with me," said Tony.
She followed. They returned to the classroom and Sir went to the chalkboard at the front of the room, writing a list of subjects. He wrote elegantly in cursive. So it took her a bit longer to decipher. All the loops made it hard.
“So he’s building another portal? That’s what he needs Eric Selvig for-
“Is there anything else?” asked Steve.
“I’m sorry family only,” said Dr. Havaldar.
His place wasn’t there. He found Tony in the lab. The glass doors stuttered open. Their eyes met. At that moment they both knew whatever issues they had didn’t matter. There were more important things at stake.
“It’s fine,” said Steve. He wanted to get a better sense of what was going on, and the sooner it was over, the better. The alpha from before came into the room.
“Dr. Banner,”
“Just surprised you heard me say that,” he said.
“You and Steve are going through a hardship, but if you don’t act on your instincts it will further strain your bond,” she said.
“Normally, adults don’t believe me so quickly.”
“Have care how you speak. Loki is beyond reason, but he’s of Asgard,” warned Thor.
Tony wasn't speaking to him. Rather, he was working out the problem aloud.
There wasn't a single science or math. What made history so important? It wasn't emphasized by Lena. Another strange subject was economics. It was far more than had ever been offered. Normally she was only given a few classes. But it was a disappointment not having something she excelled and enjoyed. Science and math were some of the few things she had to look forward to.
Tony gestured for Rhodes to come closer.
“It’s so cold out there,” whimpered Piper. She wanted to cry. Tears were blurring her vision. No, she couldn’t cry! She couldn’t be weak. Winter taught her not to show tears. “He’s all alone.”
“Twelve to sixteen weeks. It may take longer since it will take time for your muscles to soften and stretch."
“I would do myself if I could. If you’re busy it’s fine. I could borrow one from the garage,” said Steve.
"I have to get to Steve." Natasha pushed him back into the chair. "Let me go."
"What's good around here?" asked Steve.
Tony loved the sound of us. "Yes."
“In case you needed to kill me, but you can’t. I know! I tried! I got low. I didn’t see an end so I put a bullet in my mouth, and the other guy spat it out. So I moved on, I focused on helping other people. I was good until you dragged me back into this freak show. You put everyone here at risk. You wanna know my secret, Agent Romanoff? You want to know how I stay calm?” said Bruce.
“What did you name it?” asked Tony.
“Where have you been?” asked Steve.
“Steve.”
“I’m on it,” he said.
“Tony?”
“Really?!”
“Will you come out, please?”
“Please don’t.”
“No.”
“Can I shower first?” asked Steve.
“No, I couldn’t tell him, not when there was so much at risk."
“What do you want for your birthday?”
“All done,” she said.
"He's visiting, not a patient," said Jarvis.
Steve groaned. When he felt his arousal returning swiftly, it had only been ten minutes. He nudged the sleeping alpha awake. Alpha grunted, asking already. Steve nodded. Alpha’s body was already responding to the change in his scent. He rolled onto his stomach, spreading his legs. Steve purred at the feeling of Alpha’s weight atop of him. His legs were placed on the alpha’s shoulders. He arched at the new level of deepness. Hitting a wonderful place within him. His nails dug into Tony’s back as he resumed a brutal pace, targeting that place inside that made his toes curl. He came swiftly, his alpha following closely behind him.
Sorry that this chapter was a bit late. It was a bit slow in putting this chapter together. I'm changing the chapter update to every Sunday so my beta reader can read through them before I publish them. I believe this will make for a smoother story.
Natasha turned on the TV. This could take a while and neither of them was in any rush to get Rumlow.
“Do you wanna play cards?”
They went to the office. With every session, the room became gradually less frightening. It was slow, but enough for Piper to lower her guard enough for Lena to get her hook in the girl. It had taken three weeks for that opening to appear. She put the chessboard on the coffee table.
Winter spotted the injury. It was nothing fatal, but it wasn't pleasant to look at. He took a cloth from the sink and soaked it in cool water. Then he pressed it gently against the pup's eye. Piper whimpered.
Lena lacked the gravitas she normally carried when introducing herself to her subjects. Piper's first impression of her was tainted by Winter’s body language.
“How long do you think it will take?” asked Rune.
Silent loss filled the space between them. They leaned against each other drawing comfort from the other, letting the moment wash over them. Steve took a breath breaking the quiet between them.
Steve was panting harshly. He trembled with need and was dripping with slick. He couldn’t wait any longer; he needed his alpha now! With ease, he flipped their position, straddling Tony’s hips. He gasped as Tony’s throbbing arousal, pushed into him. They moaned in unison. Steve bit his lip, stopping himself from screaming in ecstasy. Tony firmly grasped his hips, bring down further. Steve rode his alpha, losing himself over to lust.
"Isn't one super-powered genius pup enough?" said Tony.
“Too early,” she whined, then glared at the tray. “It’s wrong.”
“What are they saying?” asked Tony.
"We have to make your employment seem natural, Dr. Zemo. Your visits have been sporadic. She's in good hands," said Pierce.
“Looks like Rune is upset now too,” said Steve.
“I can only hope,” said Tony. He glanced at the bar. Part of him was tempted to make himself a drink, but he couldn’t. That wasn’t the answer.
“Sir, Pepper left several urgent messages and has been quite persistent,” said Jarvis.
"On my world, they're one and the same," said Thor.
“Can I join you?” asked Tony, hugging Steve from behind. Loving how his scent clung to Steve. He ran his hands over the omega's stomach. “How you clean every inch of yourself in five minutes?"
“You should get used to it. You won't always have a robot with you."
“I won’t,” said Tony with a roll of his eyes.
Their lack of appearance was scarier than their arrival. Work and pain he could handle. It was the anticipation he couldn't stand.
“Do you have something?” asked Hill.
Rune nodded. Nervously looking at the door as if he expected them to burst into the room just by mentioning them.
"I don't want to be run by my instincts. I hate the lack of control. That isn't me," said Steve.
To lessen the chance of being crowded by the press he went to a grocery store in Queens. Tony got out of his suit. It folded back into a suitcase. He put it in a grocery cart. As he walked through the aisles many looks were sent in his direction. He looked over Steve's list:
The pup didn't budge. She had to get away from him. He wasn't safe. She'd be better on her own. There was nothing he could do for her. Hydra had her for a reason, so
“I think it's a bit stuck.”
“Actually, I think I did. I built in a safety to cut the power source,” he said.
Winter didn’t know where to go from this point. He’d interrogated before but was given a list of wanted information. From there he could form a question.
"Let's put her in a diaper."
"For purring,” said Tony. “I know how hard that must have been for you."
The photo described is real. My description may not convey the true depravity and sullenness of the moment. The image speaks for itself. It didn’t feel right to put the image up on the website. If you wish to see the image yourself go to this link https://www.theatlantic.com/photo/2011/10/world-war-ii-the-holocaust/100170/. Warning these images are graphic in nature.
“But do you want to?” asked Maria.
Steve grabbed his bag and went to the door.
Steve got to his feet, not letting the weigh him down. He’d hurt the man he loved. Tony had to know how sorry he was. He cupped Tony's face in his hands. Steve took a breath he had to say no matter how terrifying it may be.
“Don’t you dare get up, Steve,” she said.
“May I?” he asked.
Steve flashed a warning glare at his mate. “Well, you saved yourself a world of trouble."
"We'll find him before that," said Tony, hands fisting. He wasn't sure what he'd do to the man when they came face to face. He couldn't lose control. Alpha instinct demanded retribution. It didn't care that Smith was their only lead.
Tony nodded. He swept up in the shock of the moment.
“Let me catch my breath. Don’t go, don’t go!”
Tears welled in his eyes. He hadn’t thought of bringing flowers.
“Eight more months,” said Fury.
Steve led Tony to the elevator.  As soon as the door closed he pressed Tony against the wall, licking over his claim. Steve pulled away, realizing what he was doing. His face heated.
“I aware,” said Natasha.
“In my top ten,” said Tony.
“I’m a busy man,” said Tony.
The prince pulled a velvet box from his dress uniform.
"I hope so." Steve took a breath. "It's late. We should get some rest. Tomorrow is a long day." He took the alpha’s and leading them to a random guest bedroom.
“Mostly me and Winter. At least, for the time being,” said Lena.
“And you tasted so sweet,” he whispered. Steve turned a deeper shade of red. Tony raised Steve's chin, kissing him. "You still have one more present to open."
“That’s way cooler.”
Steve wordlessly walked to him, giving him a ten. Some of the officers were stared at him with fascination. These weren’t the trainees that were used to seeing him on a weekly basis. He hated the attention but did his best to ignore it.
“I will, roger that,”
"Lower volume."
Steve fell into a restless sleep. Waking an hour later in a cold sweat. Tony was asleep next to him. The alpha’s arms were wrapped around him. He carefully moved Tony’s arm from him. He took the shoebox from under the bed. Steve ran his fingers along one of the surfaces of the object but it wasn’t enough. He left the box on the bed. Before leaving he kissed Tony. Steve went to his newly built studio. He grabbed a 30x40 canvas and placed it on the isle.
“When is the right time, Sir?” asked Jarvis.
“Who?” asked Steve.
The beta began to snore. “Did you just nod off?”
“Then help me fix it,” she said.
“What was he?”
“Stalling me won’t change anything,” said Loki.
"That would be nice," said Steve.
"Jarvis?"
Steve found it impossible to relax for the rest of the day. He would love to go outside and clear his head, but there was a swarm of press and fans outside that he didn’t want to go through. He went to his studio, pulling a blank canvas from a shelf.
“Killian?”
"Hey, hey what's this all about?" asked the sheriff.
“Can you call him off?” asked Edith.
It didn’t take long for him to pick out a tree. He resisted the urge to carry it over the shoulder. To keep up appearances he held one end, while Tony held the other. They put it up in the penthouse.
Durak is a traditional Russian card game that is popular in many post-Soviet states. It is Russia's most popular card game. The objective of the game is to shed all one's cards when there are no more cards left in the deck. At the end of the game, the last player with cards in their hand is the durak or 'fool'.
“Is it hot in there? Feel a little stuck? Like a little turtle, cooking in his little turtle suite,”
Steve's eyes widen.
“Six people died right?”
Steve relaxed slightly.
He nodded. She ate the entire meal too tired to care what it was. She yawned, before crawling back into bed, burrowing under the scratchy blanket. Piper really missed the soft fluffy blankets of her bed at home. After a while, she got up and made a small nest out of the large blanket. It wasn’t as good as the ones Papa built her, but it was better than nothing. Winter stared at her.
“I know what it is why are you playing it?”
“Fine, but I’m ready to go home,” said Steve.
The wheels of the car squeaked as he turned back toward the town. He parked near the town hall. News vans were parked around the building. He put on the cowboy hat he took from Harley and walked through the crowd of cameramen and reporters. He opened the back door of the nearest van and got in.
Unknown voices chatted in the background. All he could feel was numbness. Bright lights stung at his eyes. He wanted to run, but his limbs were heavy. His anxiety swiftly melted away when Alpha’s thumbs massaged his scent glands, making him go limp.
“Remind me again how you made your fortune, Stark,” said Fury.
“This is your granddad’s old house,” said Daddy.
“And this is for the pup,” he said. Thor took out a small box from his bag. Inside was a silver sphere. He pressed the button at the top ornate sphere. It separated the pieces taking the on the form of a tree with small birds flying slowly around it. As the parts moved a lullaby played.
Tony carefully tucked Piper into bed before getting in beside her. The pup instinctively cuddled to his side. Steve took the chair by the bed.
*****
“What do I do?” she asked.
It was a regular practice for omegas to have a home birth. Only when an omega was having a high-risk birth did they go to the hospital. The tower had three floors dedicated medical. If anything went wrong they'd be able to handle it. They'd figured this out in Malibu.
"I need to be knowledgeable in more than just my favorites. I wanna learn, and you're one of the best in your fields. Why would I want anyone else to teach me?" said Piper.
“Yes.”
“Yes.”
“Have I changed your mind?” she asked.
January 25, 2016
“Love you too, sweetheart.”
“Show me, Jarvis,” he said. A screen appeared in front of him. The footage played. Tony went thrashing through the room. The rage of the action couldn’t hide the pain in Tony’s eyes.
Steve didn’t realize he was crying. He quickly wiped them. Steve grit his teeth.
“Steve?”
“Yay!” said Rune.
"And what you're doing isn't?"
"It predates any known Mandarin attacks. The instant was the use of a bomb to assist a suicide. The heat signature is remarkably similar. 3,000 degrees Celsius,” said Jarvis.
“Plans I never thought I would be having,” said Tony.
“Is there anything I need to know before it really gets going? I don’t want to do anything that may make you uncomfortable,” said Tony. After last night his urge to protect Steve was undeniable. He couldn't do anything that would potentially harm him. It wouldn’t fade until omega’s heat ended.
“Is he okay?” asked Pepper.
Steve sat up leaning against the foot of the couch. That was the farthest they'd gone since his heat. Instinct urged him to lick bite mark he’d left. Tony smiled and ran his fingers through his hair. He scented the alpha breathing in that earthy, clove, and metallic smell.
“Maybe one day I’ll see one,” said Steve.
“Their idiocy has nothing to do with your meal. I’m only early.”
Beta read by AbsolutShenanigans
“Sorry,” said Steve turning around slightly.
“Six-speed transmission, gooseneck frame with an s-bend, a ninety-three cubic inch engine, and dual shot exhaust,” said Steve. He couldn’t help the excitement in his voice. Steve hadn’t been near a motorcycle since he was frozen. He missed the purr of the engine.
Steve went to the door, opening it slightly. The omega arguing with Tony was beautiful. She was dressed professionally. Her strawberry blonde hair was tied neatly in a bun. She was the kind of omega that many alphas dreamed of. Steve tried pulling away from the door, but couldn’t. It was rude to eavesdrop, but he couldn’t pull away. She still had feelings for Tony. That much was apparent. Nothing was ever simple with a Stark.
“Please don’t tell me you’re going to trap me in a log cabin in the middle of nowhere with no internet.”
“I was expecting a non-disclosure contract,” said Matt.
"There were no bombs part found in the three-mile radius of the Chinese Theater," he said.
Edith ran her gloved hands over the sides of his neck, feeling for abnormalities. Steve was clenching and unclenching his hands. What caught her attention was the irritated red coloring of his claim mark. Edith pulled away.
Lena went to her room, changed into a fresh shirt and grabbed her bag. Carl leaped into her arms for another goodbye hug. She held him close.
“I sleep better when you’re there,” said Steve.
“You must be smelling, Foggy.”
“If it’s so great why are you crying?”
“Daddy and I never held it against you.”
“It would be worse without you,” said Jarvis.
“If he wakes up restrained it will scare him. Then there’s no predicting what he may do,” said Tony.
"Believe it or not I was a small little thing when I was a teenager," said Steve.
The doctor cleared his throat.
“That wouldn’t be fair. He has a right to know. I hate keeping things from him,” said Steve.
*****
“Stand down and move aside.” Lena spoke, voice calm.
“Right, sir."
Steve clenched the metal foot stand of the bed. It groaned. Howard was one of his dearest friends. He thought he at least one person from his past in his present. If Howard's death were natural, it would be easier to accept. He couldn’t stop a tear from falling but was quick to wipe it away.
“What’s so important that you have to pull us away from her?” asked Tony.
Steve waved, afraid of disturbing their pup. "How long has she been asleep?"
“We’ll be descending shortly,” said the pilot.
“More than fifty,” said Steve.
"She head of S.H.I.E.L.D.'s operation in North Africa. She worked ruthlessly to get the position,” said Natasha.
Steve blushed. "Maybe."
He stomped on the sleeping man's hand there no response, but Piper caught the small flicker of his eyes. She pressed back into the corner, forcing them to come closer, and whined softly. The no-longer-sleeping alpha sprung, snapping an approaching beta’s neck.
"It is though." Zemo eyed Rumlow archly.
"No more questions. It's time to train."
“I don’t know.”
“It’s beautiful,” he said.
He took a few seconds to look at the glorious scene before him. His pregnant omega spread out on their bed. It took his breath away, Tony slowly removed the last pieces of his clothes. That crystal blue gaze locked on him. The omega’s hands were twitching wantingly. His mate desperately ached to touch himself. The omega wouldn’t dare touch himself without his guidance. His belly so round. It was perfect.
He fell back into bed, so relieved.
Tony ran to Steve’s room. The hall smelled of Steve’s heat. Tony stopped for a second at the giant hole in the opposite wall. The door to Steve’s room was locked.
“You were doing what was right. It may have broken my heart, but you wouldn’t be you if you didn’t. I would have done the same if I were in your position,” said Peggy. She broke their embrace. “Now look what you’ve done you’ve got me crying too."
“Don’t worry, Winter. I’ll be back.”
That voice. No, it couldn’t be. Rune’s brave front melted. He made himself small.
“I believe she’s hungry, sir. She spat up what little she ate on your shirt.”
“What am I suppose to think?” he asked.
"Good to know, but that's not what I'm calling about. How would my pheromones affect our relationship?"
“Tell your friend to come down.”
"I expect you to be there."
“We all did. Our father-
“It’s your turn,” said Winter, gently nudging her forward toward the dummies.
“What am I looking at?”
“You’ve never had a pet before.”
“I'm surprised you haven't built something to do it for you,” said Pepper.
"Before we can go, though, you have to get a check-up," said Steve softly.
“When do we depart?”
The slide was titled Anthony Edward Stark. Steve picked up on the similarities between father and son. The alpha shared Howard's intense gaze. It sent a pleasurable shiver down his spine. There was something different between the two. He couldn’t put his finger on what though. Steve turned red when he started slicking.
“I’m so sorry this happened to you, Piper.” Piper’s gentle expression was blank. She yawned cutely before burying her face in his chest. “I’ll do all I can to make it better.”
“Shit!” yelled Tony.
Piper shook her head.
Tony was surprised that Steve hadn’t gotten things ready for the kid yet. He hadn’t prepared at all for the pup.
“Then let’s follow reason. What are you, Piper?”
*****
“Yes, I found it hard to believe myself,” said Fury.
“Tony, this is precious."  It was a Christmas ornament. Two penguins in Santa's hats labeled Tony and Steve had an egg between them. The egg was labeled ‘on the way'. He brought Tony into a kiss. “Thank you.”
“I thought it could help you. Even though whatever we had is over I didn’t want you holding onto to all this,” said Tony.
"Yes, he wants to be prepared. This is a very new field of study for him," said Jarvis.
But there laying next to him was Tony.
“Tank,” said Steve.
“Thank God,” said Pepper.
“Mmm, I love your possessive side,” said Tony.
“Potatoes don’t count.”
“Thanks,” said Steve. He got out of bed, closing the distance between them. His legs grew weak only feet away from the alpha. "Tony."
“That’s Anthony Stark,” she said. This cute pup was Tony? The resemblance became clearer.
"Rune, take a seat," said Lena.
“Sorry, did that hurt?”
“Better than I ever expected. Not many would put up with me,” said Steve. He wasn’t an easy omega to keep. Tony’s control wasn’t lost on him. The effort the alpha put into making him feel comfortable was more than he ever expected. He hadn’t even tried marking him. Tony touched his cheek.
“He’s yours if you want him,” said Fury.
Tony slid off Steve's shorts and wrapped a towel around the omega's waist.
Tony jogged over and got the kit. Steve was sitting on a bench. The omega took his hand. Steve splinted his hand with athletic tape. He kissed Tony's hand.
“I think that’s better saved for Jane. She’ll enjoy it more,” said Steve.
*****
“How did you get it back?” asked Piper.
She couldn’t raise her arm. Her arms and legs were restrained.
“Who’s Theodore?” Winter asked.
“Sir?”
July 29, 2013
“Me too. Bye, Steve,” he said.
He dove toward the nearest flight attendant, catching her. She screamed.
Tony let the moment wash over him, enjoying the physical contact he'd so missed. Neither of them wished it to end. He ran his fingers through the omega’s hair. The smell of distress faded as Steve’s breathing calmed.
“Get up!” he demanded.
that niggling voice said to Steve,
"It would be faster for me to fly him in a suit," said Jarvis.
, it wasn’t only that side of him that wanted that connection. He finally managed to get lost in work when Jarvis announced:
“Look I brought your damn file take it and go. Whatever was in here he wanted no part of it,” she said sliding it toward him.
“You spend two hours with the man and got nothing,” said Fury.
Tony took some of the bags from him. When the elevator doors opened, the first thing the older alpha was hit was a sweet chemical scent of an omega close to heat. He fought the urge to gag. Happy managed to place the bags in the kitchen.
“What about Winter?”
“Do you want to see some of the tourist sites tomorrow?” asked Natasha.
"You don't have to worry about that anymore."
Tony was watching him get breakfast ready. The pups would wake up soon. It was nice having a full house. Pepper and Maria had adapted well and had made their wing of the mansion home. Rune and Piper would often play there. Bruce secluded himself to the lab, making an appearance every now and then.
Tony herded him into the bedroom. They settled in his nest. Steve was happy to spend the time until his next wave hit cuddling. He rested his head on Tony’s chest.
Steve jolted in his seat when Tony slammed something down. He barged out of the room.
"Any," she said.
“Hey!”
There was a clank Steve placed a large gun on the table. “Phase two is S.H.I.E.L.D. using the cube to make weapons! Sorry, the computer was moving a little slow for me,” he said.
"Is there anything I need to do?" asked Steve.
“She doesn’t need to know,” said Steve.
“Too nervous to eat,” he said.
“Eight hours, maybe more,” replied Tony.
He pressed his nose against the alpha’s neck, deeply breathing in his scent. The smell of their combined lust was so thick he could almost taste it. He yanked the alpha into the bathroom, quietly shutting and locking the door behind them.
“Sir, can I suggest you get some sleep,” said Jarvis.
“You built a fancy suit,” said Piper.
“Of course.”
"No, Steve, both of you look terrible. Piper will be fine for a few hours. If that changes, we'll get you."
“Became a history teacher. Eventually, he became the principal of the school,” said Peggy.
“They found her location.”
“11:00 pm.”
“I had to check on my Forehead of Security.”
“You might want to tell him that. He pretty much declared you’re taken,” said Clint.
“No, Jarvis.”
"You're saying we need to have sex?" Steve asked baldly.
“I knew you were alive.”
“What about the Avengers can we talk about that?”
“That doesn’t affect this,” said Tony.
December 28, 2012
“That would be nice,” said Steve.
“It doesn’t matter if that want me
The alpha coiled back into his corner. For the first time, Piper caught the scent of distressed alpha. She was scaring him, but that didn't make sense. Each remained in their corners, processing each other.
“I have you,” he said.
“May I?”
“STOP!” screamed Piper.
“That's exactly what we used to do, so don't judge yourself too harshly," said Pepper.
"Go ahead."
He filled Happy in on what he’d missed.
“Steve a style can be tracked. Every bomber maker is slightly different. She’d want to show off her skills. Prove to everyone else that no one can replicate her work. As her skills further develop and she hones her style it will become easier to track. I’m having Jarvis search unsolved cases in the last few months that resemble her methodology. The more that are linked to her the easier it will be to track the parts back to her.”
“Jarvis get the drones on her,” ordered Tony. There was no way he could keep up with her on foot. “What the hell happened?!”
"Are you sure you want to meet with him?” said Natasha.
“It’s only 10:15,” said Tony.
“How did you know I was disappointed?” She shouldn’t feel like she has to lie to him.
“Not yet.”
“Hi, Rhodes.”
"You can have the bed," said Steve. It was only fair, Steve held Piper the entire flight; Tony needed bonding time now.
“He’s currently being questioned by Agent Romanoff.”
“You’ll be briefed on your return,” he answers.
“It’s Rogers, and I’m not going anywhere,” said Steve. He lower himself from the back of the ambulance. A paramedic caught his harm.
Steve set the water to boil. He wrapped his arms around Tony nuzzling against him. Tony reached his hand back to stroking his hair.
“This is what I know. What I’m good at. It’s familiar, and that’s difficult for me to find,” said Steve.
"Morning," grumbled Steve. Tony helped him from the floor.
“No, we want to come,” said Tony.
There was confusion in his expression. Something she'd said was foreign to him. Winter gave her the same look time to time.
The simple task of a silent stride would be twice as difficult for Piper. She would eventually have to do it in those high-heeled shoes women liked wearing. Winter huffed, hating the idea of her growing up. At least, as a child, they couldn't send her out into the field. She'd be relatively safe here, training.
While the two were talking Tony gestured to Mrs. Davis. She slid the file under a pool table.
“Hey, sweetheart.”
Steve led Tony to his apartment. He tensed when realized everything was out. His paintings were on display. Steve quickly fished his keys from his pocket and unlocked the door, hoping Tony hadn’t noticed the hesitation. Tony followed him inside.
my true love," she said. The feelings she had for Steve were still in her heart, but the passion dulled as she lived her life. She knew Steve would have wanted her to move forward. “I was Steve’s first love, but I don’t believe I was his true love. I had my time with him; however short it was, I wouldn’t trade it for the world. Now it's your turn. Don’t waste it."
“What subject?”
He was surprised when he heard two sets of footsteps fumbling upstairs. There was a squeak in the steps as the pups made there way down. They stumbled into the kitchen.
“Why?!” growled Tony.
“They took twenty bodies out on gurneys. That isn't unharmed,” she said.
“You built robots to do your laundry? And named them Arm and Hammer,” said Steve.
“I didn’t land a single attack.”
Piper did her best to force them back. The man tossed her a bag tools.
Winter was amazed at how fast the pup was flipping through the pages.
Tony smiled. “He lives up to the legend.”
“Don’t trow tigs,” mimicked Piper before she tossed another block at them.
“NO!” yelled Winter.
“You could have asked me to come back to bed,” said Tony.
"Yes, uh, thanks."
Tony was in Miami. It was a miracle he hadn't been pulled over. He parked a few blocks away from the Mandarin's base. Tony hide among the foliage that surrounded the Tuscan style mansion. From his perch, he spotted several armed guards with dogs. He jumped the wall, keeping low. No one noticed him yet. He crept toward steps. The first guard came into view. He swiftly took down three guards with homemade weapons. There was no time to move them.
Edith’s jaw dropped. Heat facilities fell out of use a decade after WW2. They were horrible places where omegas were given alpha through their heat. There was no consent. Many doctors would take full advantage of their patients.
Natasha nodded.
“You can stay,” he said.
Tony’s heart melted.
“Thanks. May I tell, Pepper?” asked Maria.
“You said that last time,” he said.
“What?” asked Steve.
He kneeled down, so he was at eye level with his omega. The omega’s skin was splattered with blood. His pupils were fully dilated; only a slim ring of light blue was visible. The smell of distress and fear was thick enough for him to smell through his helmet. Steve seemed to forget all of his power. At the moment, he seemed to think he was the omega from before the serum.
Rune relaxed.
Tony put her in his arms. She weighed almost nothing. He unwrapped her from the fabric. Her blue eyes locked on his. She smiled. It was the purest expression he'd ever witnessed. Steve nuzzled her, taking in her scent. She smelled of lavender and honey. He counted ten perfect fingers and toes. A deep incomparable love engulfed him.
“Why didn’t you tell me this was a risk?” asked Tony.
“It’s not the right time,” he said.
Steve took a seat on the couch.
“Now the girl,” said Kevin.
Steve noticed the clean bedding and a towel folded neatly on the bedside table. He stripped their bed, rebuilding his nest to his high standards. Steve balled up the dirty sheets.
The strain of resistance appeared in his expression. There was resistance in his every step, scowl plastered to his expression.
Tony handed her over. He closed his eyes resting them for a few minutes, trusting Bruce to take care of her.
“I almost forgot,” said Steve pulling a Christmas present from his bag.
“Scared the shit out me, sweetheart."
“I can still work more,” she murmured.
Piper carefully placed the lego figure in his hand. She'd missed and matched pieces to make a Winter Soldier. The remains of the figures she used to make him were scattered across the table. A pirate was missing its head, a robot without an arm, and a woman missing her hair.
“Follow.”
“MoMa,” said Tony.
“Let go!” he warned.
“I’m not much of baby person, but I’ll make an exception for yours,” she said.
Tony nipped playfully at his neck, regaining his attention. Steve’s body already recovered and ready for his alpha. He whimpered crying out for his alpha to take him. Steve raised his hips, hoping to entice him. Relief swept through his heated form when Tony covered him. His head fell back as Alpha slowly pushed in. Steve’s legs hooked around his waist keeping his close.
"So you were five. I'm sure when you first saw it as a kid you were the same," said Steve.
“Can you tell me your name?”
“Tony on our last call you were planning for our future. What do you have planned?” asked Steve. He smiled brightly when a slight blush spread across Tony’s cheeks. Steve’s heart raced at the simple reaction. He couldn’t help smiling.
She shook her head and pushed the tray toward him. He gave her a glass of milk, instead. It shook in her hand. He steadied it for her, holding it as she drank. She burped.
He sighed, looking over at the omega leisurely stretched out on his couch. Much rather being there than being a part of the conversation.
He washed her, searching for any injuries from her time outside.
“You did.”
“Of course, it’s seemed to have slowed down. I approximate its arrival to be 23rd or 24th."
Steve wanted so much more. He pulled away smiling.
He halted mid-step.
"Winter?"
“I can have more than one best friend.”
“The whole thing right through the ceiling. Big and green and buck ass nude. Here.”
“Take a deep breath and let go,” said Tony.
Steve turned red.
*****
“Perfect,” sighed Steve.
“Yes."
"I thought he was dead. If you’re after him a guess the old man is functioning.”
“Please, don’t drink that."
“Your rut seems to be trying to sync with Steve’s heat,” said Jarvis.
"Sir, Ms. Romanoff is calling."
“I would do nothing to harm. Steve, trusts me, why can’t you?” she asked.
“Hey, Aunt Peggy."
“Same, sorry for the short notice,” said Steve.
I hope you enjoy part two just as much as part one. Thanks for reading.
“I’m not that good," said Steve.
They'd gathered all the information they could on the Winter Soldier, but the man was a ghost. He'd been popping up S.H.I.E.L.D's radar, off and on, for decades. The one time he left something behind, it was a blood sample too degraded to be tested. The man had no fingerprints. He left no trace.
“You did nothing wrong it’s just-
Lena arrived at the lab late that night. She was exhausted. Her techs were nowhere to be found. Likely hiding from her. She didn't want to see them anyway. The sample she needed was in the fridge and the scans were on the computer.
"Thanks." She must have some nerve to stand against Fury.
“Neither am I. He’s got the same blood on his as Loki does, but right now we need to put that behind us and get this done. Now Loki needs a power source if we can put together a list-
“A doctor will be coming tomorrow,” said Tony.
“Bravo.” She was bit shaky, but she’d gotten task done. He’d been expecting more a challenge. The pup growled.
Piper dropped the book. “Don’t hurt him. I want to get him out of here too. Promise me you won’t hurt him.”
"What is it? His blood type."
Tony sped away from his home so he couldn’t turn back. He climbed the steps from to jet.
Tony tensed.
"We should go," said Tony, pulling away.
As their dance was ended Steve was quickly asked by another for the next dance. Everyone wanted to dance with him. He danced with several previous presidents. President Obama wasn’t able to attend, but his wife and daughters were.
It had to be him who told Tony.
She smiled.
Dinner was peaceful. Steve didn’t eat as much as he normally did. The butterflies in his stomach wouldn’t allow him.
“I’ll be there soon,” said Tony.
“Tell him to suit up. I’m bringing the party to you,” said Tony.
“Mm, I just love the way you growl my name, Cap."
“Sir, you can come in.”
“I could help,” said Tony.
"I wouldn't be telling you if I weren't."
He got up. Tony sniffed the blankets. "Smells fine to me."
"A personal mishap involving too much drinking," said Tony.
“Maybe. I don’t know. Why is that important?” His mate was hospitalized and it was his fault. He
“Is everything alright?” asked Jarvis.
"It's fine," said Bruce. When he approached again, he was greeted by the same reaction, which he wasn't willing to challenge. "Tony, could you?"
"She's precious. She's going to be a brilliant young woman one day.”
chree
“Have you said you’re sorry yet?”
"If it's keeping you up it isn't nothing," said Tony.
“Jarvis.”
“Director Fury, sir!”
“And then shawarma after?” asked Tony.
Maria felt the boy move in her arms. He was looking up at her, his deep electric blue eyes wide open. He smiled before cuddling tightly to her again. Her heart melted. She held him closer. Maria had never felt this connection with other children. There must be something unique about the boy for him to be in that frozen hellscape at all.
“Forgive me?” asked Tony.
He took a seat by the monitors. A local beauty pageant was being broadcasted. The van door opened.
Steve nodded.
“You’ll be a good influence him,” she said.
Steve laughed. "Was it deserved?"
“I’m engaged to a living Adonis. Why would I want to waste my time with them?” said Tony.
“Tony, thank you,” he said.
"No, Steve, it couldn't be," he said.
Five minutes into explaining his project, Tony heard snoring over the phone. He wasn’t sure if he should be insulted or laugh. He hung up the phone.
“Metal, we’ve had to piece together his skull a few times,” said Hounsfield. He studied the image. The spider webbing fracture spreading across Winter temple wasn't as serious as he’d thought. No bone fragment had broken off. It would heal naturally in a week or two.
“Have a good run?”
“I will give it up if you want me to.”
Piper took his hand, willingly following him to bed. He settled in the cushy blue and white spotted chair in the corner of the room while Piper looked over her bookshelf. She put Horton Hears a Who in his lap, before snuggling up against his side. Steve opened the book.
Tony collapsed, almost unable to support himself on his knees, he shook so badly. His heart constricted in his chest. He couldn’t breathe! His inner alpha roared in anger, fighting against him.
He called Edith next. She picked up on the first ring.
She strode to monitors watching the doctor’s vitals. “Do you find that intimidating?”
Steve woke up happily surprised when he saw Piper asleep between him and Tony. Frowning at the wet spot beneath her. Distress was leaking into her scent.
“He’s not talking,” said Tony.
Tony snarled.
Natasha smiled. “You’re right, but only if provoked. I’m sure we won’t have that problem.”
“Dysphoria?”
"Where is he now?"
Steve gently squeezed Tony’s hand. “We were. And we’ll have many more. I promise,” said Steve. He kissed Tony, reassuring him further.
He ran his fingers through her hair.
“So, I’m a freak,” whimpered Piper. She already knew that, but this was confirmation.
“It was their mother,” said Steve. The scene pried at his heart. These animals hadn’t asked for this; they were somehow tested or infected by whatever caused them to be this size. It was clear the cubs were in physical pain. Whatever gave them their strength and size was also killing them slowly and agonizingly.
Tony froze when he opened a box filled with photo albums. He flipped one open. The photo that caught him was one of him as a toddler, standing on Howard's feet. Howard's obvious pride was cleared. Tony never remembered the man looking at him that way. It must have stopped as soon as he learned how to talk.
Tony woke up a few hours later. The warmth and comfort of his bed was never so irresistibility. Steve was asleep beside him. He couldn’t picture the man in a more perfect place. The omega belonged there in bed with him.
“Tony!”
“Why didn’t you tell me that would happen?”
“Goodnight, Tony."
“I’m sorry, sir, but my protocols are being overwritten,” said Jarvis.
“Is there anything about the Tesseract that we ought to know,
“Smells good,” said Tony.
“So, what did you do while I was gone?”
“You weren’t even talking to me!”
“Steve, Clint this is Fleur Ancel,” she said.
This was the second time he’d woken up alone. Tony sighed. He thought he was passed the point in his life of waking up alone. Tony got up. It was wrong being here without Steve. He was an invader in this room.
Two days since Piper was kidnapped and there was nothing. How could there be nothing? Piper’s face was plastered on every news channel. Jarvis and S.H.I.E.L.D. operatives around the world hadn’t spotted her.
"As attractive as that idea is it would set off an alarm. It will take me a few minutes, but I'll be able to get it open," said Tony.
By the end of the story, she was asleep. There was no moving without waking her. He ran his fingers through her hair, causing her purr. He smiled.
*****
"It's a knife until you're ready for a real one."
Tony knocked him up on the first day. If Tony found out, he would never let Steve forget it. It was a point of pride with alphas.
“You went feral."
Loki grabbed him by the throat, throwing him to the floor.
“How can I make it better?”
“Not if you were present.”
“Why would I not?”
Steve nodded.
Steve answered the door. “Sorry about the wait.”
“The quack who allowed an unknown alpha use a command on you!” growled Tony.
“What’s up, Bruce?” asked Tony.
“It isn’t but it’s preferable over his previous state. I’m only to call emergency services if they are truly needed. He’s only dehydrated but I’m sure you’ll take care of that. There are IV bags in the lab,” said Jarvis.
Bruce was kneeling in front of her. “It’s going to be okay, Piper.”
*****
“I’ll take it from here. You may go,” said George. They hesitantly left.
“Not her,” he said.
“Okay, so you took Killian’s card."
“That’s not true,” Piper insisted.
“Killian, I don’t remember him.”
"Would you be more comfortable speaking here?" asked Barny.
“Aim for this week,” said Barny.
“Christina Rosenthal.”
“Steve?”
Steve closed the visor before speeding off. Tony waved goodbye. Would a motorcycle be too big a gift Steve’s Christmas present? Tony shrugged. That’s if whatever this heavenly arrangement lasted that long.
“The heat of the blast was an excessive 3,000 degrees Celsius. Any subject within 12.5 yards were vaporized instantly,” said Jarvis.
"I'll make sure Pepper doesn't drag me with on one of these trips."
"What happened should be taken seriously, Mr. Stark. The scar tissue on your heart is very concerning. An actual heart attack may cause more form. As you surely know, scar tissue does not pump and contract as well as healthy tissue. It may affect how well your heart pumps blood,” said Dr. Havaldar.
May 26, 2016
The intense smell of blood and gun residue made them back further into their shelter. There was no hiding. Piper forced through the paralyzing fear and growled. Sir overturned the bed. A quiet
“You could hear that?” said Steve.
“No.”
The panic was still present in their bond.
"I know."
“Nothing, just some unwanted attention,” said Steve.
“What do you think?” asked Natasha.
"I've already sent word. The airstrip will be cleared of alpha personnel," said Natasha.
“Sure, I thought you were going to ask to mount me,” he said.
“Yes, it will work,” said Edith.
“I don’t know.”
“You agree with me,” said Natasha.
There was an explosion of white dust behind him as the metal disk lodged in the cement wall. If her aim were better, that could have easily killed him. Piper sighed at that realization and deflated. She was taking out her frustration on the wrong person. Winter didn’t deserve that. He’d been nothing but good to her. “I’m sorry, Winter.” Piper’s voice was small, chagrinned.
“Jarvis,” he whispered. They tucked the pups into bed. “I’ll stay with them. You have a call to make.”
"Yes, sir."
He looked five or six. If she were anywhere else she would be surprised at someone not knowing their age. He yawned and turned away from her, seemingly going to sleep. How could he sleep? Wasn’t he curious?
“I’m not. You’ve seen my flaws yet you believe I’m perfect,” said Steve.
Winter glared at the deformed corpse. His clothes were drenched in blood. The sticky red substance glued to his skin. His knuckles were beaten. He’d never taken such joy in a kill. Winter rolled his shoulders. There was work to do. First the camera the computer it fed to was in the closet. Winter scowled at the device. He wished it was as simple as destroying the device. From his pocket, he took a flash drive inserting it into the computer. They hadn’t bothered teaching him tech, instead of giving him the tools that would do it for him.
"Love you too, sweetheart."
“Tony?”
"Come for your alpha." In a rich alpha tone.
“Shit!” growled Piper. She should have known it was a dummy program. There was no way Daddy that would allow such subpar programming to surround Jarvis.
“What was that for?” she said rubbing her forehead.
“You have five minutes.”
“Klaus Wagner.”
Steve rolled his eyes.
“Now, can we please get out of this tunnel?” asked Rune.
“No.” Steve sighed. “Come here.”
“He’s fine.”
“Where are you going?” he asked.
“Yeah, why?”
“No, sir."
“Every parent feels that way,” said Rhodes.
“Welcome back,” said Jarvis.
“That’s what you ask me after nearly scaring me to death?!” yelled Steve.
"She's fine, and so am I."
A suit came shooting up the stairs.
He carefully set her in the playpen. Tony packed a diaper bag. Steve wasn't functioning today. He didn't want to expose Piper to that and Steve wouldn't either. So he would take over parenting today. He grabbed the bottles from the fridge and shoved them into the bag, before picking up Piper. Dum-E and U came racing to him.
Her brilliant blue eyes closed. He closed the door behind him. Steve was hanging up the piñata.
A toilet flushed. He ducked behind the headboard.
“Bye Rhodes,”
“Because if we didn’t have her, none of this would happen. That’s where this cycle of blame leads.”
“I prefer walking,” said Steve, and he kissed Tony goodbye.
Steve understood that. Piper had likely had many high-intensity activities while she was gone.
“Steve, no.” Tony said gently.
“I wasn’t trying to keep it a secret from you. It slipped my mind.”
“Umm, thank you. I’m guessing you’re Jarvis.”
"We'll go on another run tomorrow, but it's time to go home."
“Not really it was one night,” she said.
Steve woke around five in the afternoon. His nest was empty. He should have kept a tighter grip on his husband. On their front yard was a giant stuffed rabbit. He blinked, making sure it was actually there.
All his clothing fit in one bag. Steve sat on the corner of their bed, not knowing what to do. He couldn’t fight the urge for companionship and knocked on the door bathroom.
Steve nodded.
Caring for Steve provided some relief from the pain. Steve touched their foreheads together. They nuzzled, taking in each other's other scents.
“Let me go!”
“What do think it will be?” asked Natasha.
Seventy-six days since his daughter was taken. Some of the press had turned against them, asking why they were unable to find their daughter, creating ridiculous conspiracy theories. But they still had their supporters. Tony donated hundreds of millions of dollars to missing people organizations worldwide. It was good and all, but that didn't stop public focus from waning.
Steve fell back into the pillows, relieved that the alpha was alright.
“How have you been sleeping?” asked Barny.
“Thanks, Tony."
“Howard wasn’t clear with his feelings. Letting Anthony believe he was a burden rather than telling him the truth,” said Peggy.
He walked away.
Piper woke slowly. Winter was asleep in the chair next to her bed.
The rest of the session went smoothly.
The alpha looked over his shoulder and smiled.
The strangers’ arrival left Piper with more unanswered questions.
"Ask him and find out," said Jarvis.
“How do you want your hair today?”
"There been a fire at the daycare,"
“Boyfriend?”
"No."
“And you too, Ms. Potts. You won’t tell anyone about me."
Steve stopped, closing the book.
"That would be preferable. It would give me a chance to double-check my results in an actual lab," said Bruce.
She grabbed the toy, dunking it into the water, and made waves. Tony would have enjoyed the scene more if Piper's eyes weren't almost entirely black, marking her mental state. It was heartbreaking seeing she couldn't achieve this simple happiness on her own.
Steve very carefully snuck his arm under Piper, but her eyes opened anyway.
He still hadn’t decided which room he wanted to have his pup. At six it was time for them to leave. They said their goodbyes and promised to come by once the pup was born. Steve tried staying awake on the drive home but barely managed to keep his eyes open.
"A child changes everything," replied Steve.
He nodded showing her to the elevator.
Steve groaned. A trip to the gynecologist was not how he wanted to spend his day.
"When did you discover you were pregnant?"
“What the hell was that?” asked Harley.
“Don’t let them see your feelings,” he warned.
“You were injured during a mission.”
“Exactly."
“Than what?” asked Steve.
“Why haven’t you told sir you’re pregnant?” asked Jarvis.
“Sorry.”
Steve's hold grew tighter. Fearing Tony may disappear.
“You are not to fight back.”
Winter sighed. “I know.” He wanted to help, to encourage, but there was nothing he could do.
“We’ll see later, Pipes.”
“I have to listen to my fiancé,” said Tony.
Steve leaned against the worktable. “I don’t have a home."
"It would tire me out," said Tony.
"No, I liked it."
"Rhodes is currently coming up in the elevator. Otherwise, I wouldn't have woken you."
“Is Uncle Thor coming to my birthday party?!”
“You’ll see him again. I promise,” said Lena.
“Thirteen, sir.”
Thor rose from the crater, shaking off the dirt. He stood in a field of yellow flowers. It was unsettling to stand in such beauty after seeing such carnage.  He knew little of Coulson, but his actions revealed so much. The man died a hero’s death. His sacrifice couldn’t be wasted. He would be avenged. Loki would pay for the man’s death along with all the other crimes he committed. Mjolnir stood in the distance. Thor took a breath before taking it up. What was the condition of the others? First, he must find Banner. The man couldn’t have landed too far from here.
“How are we going to find her?”
“Do you need anything, little miss?”
"If it weren't accidental would you want pups?” asked Steve.
They dressed in comfy clothes. Tony practically collapsed onto the bed, but much as he wanted to shut his eyes and given in, he couldn't. First, he had to get Steve to sleep. Steve rested on his head on Tony’s chest. Tony ran his fingers through Steve's hair and started purring. Steve relaxed into his hold. Tony began explaining his most recent updates to his most recent suite, and was relieved when Steve's eyes began closing. Five minutes later, his mate was asleep. Usually took a bit longer. Tony gave in to the exhaustion that he'd been staving off.
Steve sat up.
Rumlow slid a debriefing packet through the wall slot. Winter flipped open the folder. His target was a Hunter Smith, located in the Shawlands of Glasgow. A trip to Scotland would take him away from the pup for days.
The child sniffled on the verge of tears. "I knew this would happen!" she cried.
“His scent compliments yours. Takes away some that chemical smell,” said Natasha.
“Which was?” he asked.
“Over here.”
“Paint?” she asked.
Piper and Rune ran their fingers carefully over the raised tissue. The scars were real. He wasn’t lying about that much.
“It’s okay.”
“See ya, Rogers.
"Come on keep your eyes open for me." He patted Tony's cheeks trying to get a response. His eyes opened. "There you are."
“What do you mean?”
“Shall I call Ms. Potts?” asked Jarvis.
“Steve Rogers,”
“Yeah, it will,” said Steve only slightly bitter.
Steve left a note for Tony in case he woke up. He tucked his key card into his pocket before quietly closing the door behind him. They went to a beautiful spa. A woman at the front desk smiled at them.
"You'll like it! I pinky promise." He kneeled down, wrapping his pinky around hers. Steve returned to his place over the hot plate.
“Monster,” she whimpered.
“I love you,” he whispered.
“Tony, what do you want for Christmas?” he asked.
The door opened, revealing a mouth-watering image. Tony’s sun-kissed skin glistened with water. A dark red towel hung lowly around his waist. Steve stepped closer. He ran his hands over Tony’s chest and down his arms. His breath picked up. The shower turned on. Their lips in a kiss. He pushed his tongue into Tony’s mouth. His skin grew feverish, longing for further touch. Tony growled, pushing him against the glass wall of the shower. The door slid open. A cooling spray of water greeted them, providing temporary relief to Steve.
"What if I hurt you or Piper?"
Winter flinched when he lost feeling in his left arm. It hung limply from his shoulder. Its weight tugged uncomfortably at his muscles. He leaned into the wall, hiding his arm. The hours ticked by. Pup paced the perimeter of their cell a thousand times. He shook his head. Their? This was his territory.
“Tony, we’ve got him,” said Steve.
“How can feel safe with me around her?” He was a threat to his pup. The beautiful being he brought into this world. “You can’t say it isn’t a possibility.”
"They wanted me to build weapons for them. I refused, so they tortured me. When I didn't break, they threatened my friend. Did they use tactics like that with you?"
"Are we sure secrecy is the right move?" Maria pressed.
"I'm going for my run, Jarvis."
"Steve, it's made of fiberglass and has wooden teeth. It's not real. And not nearly enough of an excuse for me never to see you laying on the beach again."
Tony took off his helmet. Steve crashed their lips together. He pushed his tongue into Tony’s mouth. Steve pulled away before he could become too lost in the motion.
“Four, sir.”
"You have no current mission. We're running routine maintenance."
Pepper stared at a six-foot perfectly muscled man that came out of the bedroom. For a brief moment, she swore he was an alpha, but the scent was an omega. His gaze was focused on the ground, clearly uncomfortable with the situation.
“You’ve got to do better than that.”
*****
*****
“I didn’t?”
“That was the plan,” said Loki.
Around dinnertime, Daddy called them in. He made grilled cheese sandwiches and cut up some peaches for them. Pepper and Maria were called off to handle things, leaving him to watch the pups. But they should be back soon.
Winter waited for her to go still before approaching. He brushed her hair out of her face.
"You work too hard," he whispered.
"That goes against everything we know about him, him saying that," said Steve. He noticed the sketchpad. "What's this?"
"Okay." Steve ran his hand down his chest. "It doesn't work without your hands."
“You’ll have to ask your parents,” said Fury.
“Steve?"
“I don’t want him in my OR,” said Blackwell.
Tony laughed, but it was bitter and only served to put Steve further on edge.
He bared his teeth snarling. Yet alpha did not back off. His posture changed to make himself appear larger. When the alpha still stalked closer, he lunged. Pinning the alpha to the ground. There was no struggle. Instead, the alpha purred, not attempting to throw him off. His muscles relaxed, his shoulders dropped. He let his guard down, but he didn't budge.
"Show me, Jarvis."
"Rocket ship, Daddy!"
Piper pulled a pair of frog hair clips out of the cutely wrapped box. She immediately had Daddy put them in her hair. Papa handed her Uncle Bruce's presents after she opened Natasha’s. She tore open the newspaper wrapping.
He stumbled into the hall, following the scent of coffee to the kitchen. Steve poured himself a large mug. He took a few sips before finally starting to wake up.
Tony was slammed against the rotor blade behind him, unable to move. He slid underneath and became trapped, clanging uncontrollably against the large rotors. The giant engine blades slowed enough for him to get out. Only to see Steve being shot at. He zoomed toward the attacker, knocking him to the ground. Blood puddled underneath them. The man’s skull had fractured. Tony didn't care. The only thing that mattered was his omega. He went to Steve. The omega was tucked in a ball, pressed against the wall. The filters in his helmet were damage, so he could clearly smell Steve's distress.
“Is she stable?” asked Bruce.
“I wouldn’t,” said Piper innocently. That would take more than an hour. She more wanted to take it apart and rebuild it again. Daddy wouldn't let do that with his cars.
"Sorry, I didn't-
“That’s not possible.”
She backed away uncomfortable with the knowledge.
"You and Tony are best suited for this child. It will be special," said Bruce.
“Princess Elisabeth, Antarctica they study penguins and environmental issues. It’s nothing of interest. There really isn’t much out there. She isn’t going anywhere. And if I go there if she’s completely innocent my visit will somehow get out despite how remote her location is. We risk dragging an innocent woman’s name through the mud. You know how the press is but it's something I’m willing to do if you wish,” said Natasha.
“Oh, hi honey."
“Nana,” gurgled Piper in greeting.
“And the symptoms?”
She didn’t need to be put through that trauma. He yawned falling asleep.
Helmut pulled her tight. “I love you.”
“Then how did you get here, Trevor?”
“Feeling a bit possessive this morning?” he said.
“And what will you do if I vow to spare him?”
“How do I even know he wants this?” asked Tony.
“Okay, I’ll talk to him,” she said.
"I'll take a few pictures. Then I'll from a thoughtfully worded request for privacy," said Pepper.
“Love you too.”
“Mr. Stark, when is someone going to kill this guy? I’m just saying.”
Steve nodded. What his body could do no longer surprised him.
*****
"Not hungry."
“You should have left in the ocean,” Steve said over his shoulder.
He nuzzled closely to his alpha. Steve didn't want to be alone. Jarvis was great company, but he wasn't real.
“Sorry, Doc,” said Steve.
“How did she react?” asked Steve.
Steve woke early in the morning. His head rested on Tony’s chest. There was a large drool spot on the alpha’s dress shirt. There was no way of getting up without waking Tony. Slowly he felt himself easing back into sleep. Then his phone rang. He reached over Tony, grabbing it from the coffee table.
They went into the jet. There was a hyperbaric chamber in the back.
“How do you know that?”
He spun the alpha in the chair, forcing Tony to look at him.
*****
I'm sorry this update took so long. My update may be a bit sporadic but I'll try and get better. I've not given up the story.
He went to the studio and pulled a blank canvas. His fears flooded onto the canvas.
“Okay.”
All the hostiles were bound. They already searched the caverns for any further threat but found nothing. Steve took his notepad and began doodling. He went to the cave mouth, sick of staying still. A sudden sting shot up his leg. He collapsed.
“How?!” That shouldn’t be possible. Sir was in a high-security S.H.I.E.L.D facility under constant supervision.
“That hasn’t stopped you before,” he said.
“To put some distance between me, him,” said Daddy.
January 8, 2016
Piper’s new daily routine was focused solely on physical training with Winter. Without Lena, there was no one to take over her academic studies.
“Loki, drop your weapons and stand down,” she ordered.
Winter stopped, cringing at the scent of the pup’s distress. It was the first time in several weeks that the pup had been consciously distress. Previously, it had only happened in her nightmares. He walked to her bed. Winter wanted to offer her some words of comfort, but there were none he could say with surety. He tried not to get the pup’s hopes up, in fear of shattering them. This place was no place for such a thing.
The word didn’t feel out of place. It was right calling Tony alpha. The man woke with a grunt, clearly annoyed at being woken from his slumber so soon. Tony smiled softly before locking their lips in a smoldering kiss, making Steve’s mind go blank. He managed to regain enough control over himself to pull away. That control was broken as soon as Tony’s hand traveled between his legs.
“You got a minute to live, fill it with words.”
“I thought by now you’d learned that tone doesn't make me wet and obedient like so many fawning idiots,” said Loki.
“We end on that. She’s doing amazingly,” said Bruce.
Winter went on edge, glancing at the pup. She was growling, openly challenging him. He bared his teeth, snarling deeply, but she still didn’t yield. Instead, she copied him, baring her own small-but-sharp canines at him. A blue glow simmered dully from her eyes.
“By who?”
“Winter, I’m alright. All we did was play chess,” she whined.
“Just worried,” said Steve.
“You aren’t a grown-up either. Otherwise, you'd be far more uncomfortable,” said Tony.
“Of course, you wouldn’t.”
His tone was so soft, so gentle. It made him wanted to melt into the alpha’s embrace and tell him everything. He flinched when Tony wiped a tear from his cheek. Steve pulled away from the comforting touch.
“You want to leave.”
“How is he?” asked Pepper.
“What's wrong with that? I’m an alpha.”
“Rumlow.”
“I don’t want to kill people.”
"Come in."
“You have to understand how terrifying it was for her. It might not have been something she wanted to reflect on. I don’t think confronting her now would be good,” cautioned Bruce.
“Wait, I want to show you something first,” he said.
“Okay, can I watch TV?”
Rune came to see what all the fuss was about. Piper was hugging a pretty red-haired omega. But she didn’t smell right. Her was scent was a bit stronger than a beta’s. It was like Bruce’s in its strength. She smelled of juniper and pine. Piper said this woman was a super spy, but she didn’t really look like one. She wore a baggy gray t-shirt, faded jeans, and black sneakers.
“I’m done,” said Edith tossing her rubber gloves into the trash.
"Why do you think someone is coming?"
Tony caught Steve hurrying over to a table trying to avoid being brought onto the dance floor. He backed out of the conversation he was part of and hurried over to his omega.
“Fine.”
He sat in the chair for hours, answering every question. Implications of some would rightly anger any doctor, but he took it for what it was a thorough examination.
Piper shivered. Would she end up an almost mindless tool like him, with no free will? It was terrifying. She bit her lips so hard that it bled. But the pain distracted her from the near devouring fear. It allowed her to think.
“The people who took you,” said Tony.
“Will you comply?”
"I'll get you better. I had to say good morning."
"Her appearance is likely due to Happy informing her."
"I can show you," said Jarvis.
Dinner arrived. The other beta brought it. Along with the dinner, there were two thick books tucked under his arm. He pushed them both through the slot. Piper rushed to the books examining them. She flipped through the pages, finding nothing strange.
March 14, 2016
“This is the last time I do an event so close to Steve's heat," said Tony.
“Is there anything I can take to make it stop?” he asked.
“Like anyone will care!”
“Are you worried you’ll not be able to perform?”
Piper looked worriedly back at Winter before, following Lena. She waved bye to him. Piper kept her eyes on the ground as they walked toward their destination. Lena handed her a chessboard. Piper started putting the pieces in their places.
“It’s alright.”
“Yes. Always by his side was his best friend Steve, a small sickly chick. Theodore protected him from squa and southern giant petrel without hesitation. One sad day Steve’s mom grew sick.”
“Come now Piper it’s time for your lesson.”
“Unless Selvig has figured out how to stabilize the quantum tunnel effect,” said Tony.
“Want another?” asked Rhodes.
“What is this place?” asked Steve.
“Hey, Steve,” said Fleur with a wave.
Once they were packed, they loaded the car, driving in the direction of Peggy's. About ten minutes in, Steve was out like a light. The soldier could sleep better in a car than in their bed. Tony didn't take it personally. He was glad the omega was sleeping.
“He passed,” said Natasha.
He rubbed his temples.
Steve's heart broke for his daughter. "No, Piper. You're not. I promise you're not."
“I’d much rather have this bare, sweet cheeks. You’ll thank me for this later,” he said.
*****
They toiled away together. Piper started nodding off around one in the afternoon, so Tony picked her up.
He patted her head. “Sleep, pup.”
“Can you tell me what caused it?” asked Bruce.
“Papa.”
“Yep,” she said.
"Yes."
“Five days maybe less,” said Edith.
“Mmm, which happens dads leave. There’s no reason to be a pussy about it. Here’s what I need a laptop, a digital watch, a cell phone, the nomadic actuator from your potato gun over there, a map of town, a big spring, and a tuna fish sandwich," said Tony.
Where did she get this energy? Right, she's a super soldier toddler with near-boundless energy. Maybe he could sway to his side, Tony thought.
“You shouldn’t judge him you don’t know him. All you know is the press that surrounds him,” he said.
“It has something to do with the serum. It's more convenient for me that way,” he said.
Steve grabbed his shield from the front of the bed. Growling when Rumlow rudely barged into their room. His arm was in a splint and his nose was clearly broken.
“What’s with the tears, sweetheart?” she asked.
Steve nodded.
“Come back, Steve."
It was a bit eerie.
He was foolish enough to think his alpha could actually take something seriously instead of making a joke out of it.
He spent hours curled up on the floor. When it finally ended he relaxed, pressing his heated skin further against the floor. Eventually, he forced himself to his feet. He grabbed his phone from the table before falling back onto the leather couch. He closed his eyes. That was all the moving he was doing for now. His phone ringing woke him, answering it immediately when he saw Tony's number. He could stop a whine from leaving him.
“But-”
"Everyone has a favorite. I get it you see yourself in her. And you were able to save her when you couldn't save yourself," said Fury. Even he had soft spot for the Stark brats. Howard would have loved the girl.
“What about Winter?”
“Yeah."
Winter lay panting on the ground. Piper gently touched his arm, afraid to hurt him further. Lena was right, she had no one to blame but herself.
“I’ll do it again if I have to,” said Steve.
"What?" Tony sat up, recognizing the issue.
“Probably a side effect,” said Tony.
“I know.”
"So it's alright if he breaks my limbs," said Tony.
"Not like that."
Steve leaned up, kissing the alpha, deeply breathing in Tony’s scent. He wanted to be covered in it. Steve forced himself to pull away; the desire to be scented was completely driven by instinct. His omega wanted him to be bathed in Tony’s scent, so the smell of his pregnancy would be protected from other alphas. He couldn’t afford to get too close to Tony until things were … settled. He would have to watch out for his maternal instincts. It would only be a matter of days before they started kicking in more powerfully. For now, he could indulge. This was only his second day off of his heat, so probably (hopefully) Tony would think the scenting was related to that.
“It’s called PTSD.”
"It's being handled."
"This will only get stronger as you get further along, so making trips between New York and California may prove difficult," said Edith.
“Sounds like it,” she said.
Steve was proud of how Piper defended her friend, but the Winter Solider was a dangerous, unknown factor. Though, the alpha’s actions had proved startling. A knock on the door broke the tension and Hill entered with Edith.
"Would you like to add engineering to your schedule?"
"Wow, it’s super comfy," said Rune, leaning into the blanketing.
“Are you going to make me go back to bed?”
“Parrots or elephants?” he asked holding up two onesies.
He tossed his clothes in the hamper. Tony got into the shower and sat on the bench. He spent an hour under the rain of water. When Steve fell, he was terrified by the lack of control and fear he felt at the moment. He hated that feeling way. Tony went to the bedroom. Steve was sitting, playing with the bedsheets.
"Jarvis, let me in," said Tony.
“You have every reason to lie to us,” she said.
“I’ve done nothing wrong,” said Steve.
Tony tensed. The flight wouldn't be enjoyable for a pregnant omega no matter how long or short.
The omega's brow furrowed. He wanted to say something but was incapable. There was a desperateness to his expression.
Steve had so easily driven him off his course of thought.
“But there’s not get used it. It will be better that way,” said Rune. It was a lot less disappointing that way.
“We got to stop him,” she said.
"I want to keep you and the little one to myself a little longer."
“She wants to see you,” said Tony.
Tony set her down by her miniature work desk and placed the leftover pieces in front of her. From the top shelf, he took a sticker and glitter-encrusted toolbox filled it with spare tools and old ones he never used. Tucked into that sparkling box was the screwdriver from Malibu.
“I trust your hands,” said Tony.
"You're oversimplifying it."
“You were hurt.”
“He’s thirteen.”
As he washed her hair, she started to purr. Tony dried her off and put her in pjs. Piper was barely keeping her eyes open. He walked back to her room. When he tried setting her down, she wouldn’t release him, so Tony folded himself onto the space shuttle shaped bed. Piper snuggled against him.
Steve nodded.
“I’m sorry for the damage I caused."
“You’ve got your birth control everything is taken care of. We’ll leave for Malibu today."
They kissed goodbye. Steve took the opportunity to look around. Spread throughout the house were old photos. All of them highlighted important moments in Howard's life before and after the war. There were a few wedding photos littered among them, but Steve couldn't find any of Tony. He went from room to room. In Howard's office, he finally found a picture of Tony. It was of them working on a car together. Tony couldn't be more than six, they looked genuinely happy. A rare expression shared between the two. Steve smiled when he found Tony's room. Old computers and machine parts crowded the desks. Tools hung on the wall. The free space left was plastered with posters of Tony's favorite bands. There was only one family photo in the room of Tony and his mom. He heard Tony pull up the driveway.
Firearms
“You two should go back to bed,” said Steve taking their hands. They slipped their hand out of his.
Steve disappeared into his studio. Piper was out. The pup slept like a rock. It had been an hour. He went to check on Steve. The door was ajar. Steve had put down the underpainting. The color scheme with black and white with touches of blue. He recognized himself as the main subjection. Piper was in his arms. There was something so lifeless about it.
Edith sighed. If Tony trusted her from the start Steve wouldn’t be so suspicious of her now at such a critical time.
“Hello.”
Lena held out a bulky black collar.
“Who was that?” mumbled Tony.
"Enough to warrant a visit?" he asked.
“Are they linked to Ten Rings?” asked Steve. It was the same group that had taken his alpha. They would suffer for that. He took a breath, remembering his alpha was safely tuck away in Tokyo.
Steve grabbed the man’s arm before he could disappear, dragging him into the gym, slamming the door behind him, causing the glass to shatter.
“That the emergency alert trigger by the power dropping below five percent,” said Jarvis.
; Piper was sure it would happen again. She had no control.
“I love you."
From outside his office, he already heard the rush to action. It would be impossible to evacuate a facility of this size. It would take hours. A destructive worm was already working its way through the computers. There would be little to nothing left to gain from them when the Avengers arrived. The staff stationed here was weak and likely crumble under interrogation. They’d have to be eliminated. He gathered his personal team of soldiers into his office.
"And what if I never do."
He set her on the foot of the bed.
Tony woke to Steve sneaking into their bedroom at four in the morning.
"I don't know, but I'm sure it isn't pleasant. I can get it off."
“Thank you, Tony,” he said.
Steve got into the shower. He quickly bathed and went out to rejoin his mate only wearing a towel lowly around his waist.
Steve leaned forward, feeling compelled to quick kiss against Tony's lips. He blushed and focused his attention elsewhere.
“Billionaire, Fury,” he said.
“Then you miss the truth of ruling, brother. A throne would suit you ill,” said Thor.
His anxiety melted when he saw the alpha. “Where are we?”
Theodore nodded.
They fell asleep in each other’s arms.
“Jarvis made you a doctor's appointment."
Natasha was sent to gather information from Loki. He turned to face her.
"I've realized something about you, Piper. You don't care what happens to you. I can beat you down a hundred times and you'll keep rising to the challenge. It's an aspect of your personality I respect. But you have when it comes to your friends suffer, I doubt you'll have the same tolerance."
“I don’t know.” Their arrival likely wasn’t good, though. Change here was rarely good.
“How can you love this?”
“Oh, my god that was really violent. Am I going to be okay?”
“When’s his next heat?” asked Tony.
They continued walking. Tony timed the space of Steve's contractions. Every ten minutes for exactly a minute. Thankfully, every time one hit Steve released his hand.
“I wish you would have asked me,” said Bruce.
“Where to, boss?” asked Happy.
“There’s a bathroom over there. You can change in.” She quickly changed.
“We both know your Papa’s case had extraordinary circumstances,” said Jarvis.
He purred. It soothed her enough for her to start nursing. Steve flipped through the channels; he was a little ashamed of how much TV he'd been watching. He liked funny feel-good shows—one of his favorites being a sitcom called Cheers. When Piper was asleep, he watched Game of Thrones with Tony.
“I’m fine, baby girl.”
*****
“Where she always is,” said Harley.
"Enjoy yourself."
He didn’t want to tell Tony of his suspicions. There was nothing to tell yet. He just needed an excuse to get out. Steve heard his phone ringing from the bedroom. He ran to get it.
“You’ll love it, doc. We’ve got all the toys,” said Natasha.
“Tony, I can’t compete against this part of you.”
“How can you handle the stench?” asked Happy. He started breathing through his mouth.
Piper snuck quietly down the steps. Daddy was tinkering on one of his suits. Uncle Bruce was at a monitor, examining a DNA helix. Marking segments of it. Was it hers or Rune's? There was no way of telling from here.
“I'm surprised it was that many. I wouldn’t have thought you’d enjoy the position,” said Steve.
Her project was to design a bomb. She had full freedom in the design. The only requirement was she couldn't use metal components. Everything was mostly made of plastic and rubber. Doing this was bad. She knew people could and would likely get hurt. But she wasn't the one activating or ordering its production. She was just doing as told. Daddy did the same thing. He sold weapons before being Ironman. Daddy couldn't control what the buyer of his weapons did.
The hours ticked by, and eventually, the pup fell asleep. All the fear melted from her expression. She whined softly when he moved her back to the bed. Food arrived a little while later. They'd brought two trays. This was the first time they'd done that. Luckily, she was too unaware to notice. It was even a breakfast menu. The pup needed to get some food in her system. She hadn't eaten in two days. He nudged her awake. Her blue eyes opened. They were dull. Sleep hadn't changed that.
“Put her on, Jarvis,” he said.
"Are you really asking, or is another one of your fake questions?”
“Yep.”
Captain America has a biting kink. It was shared by many alphas and omegas. It was nothing compared to the thrill of a claim mark. At least that’s what he’d been told. It could only be given in heat or while an omega was pregnant and would link the pair. Tony lapped the blood from the already healing bite mark. Steve shuddered weakly against him. There was a splotch of red on Steve’s kiss-swollen lips. He licked it away.
“Papa stop! I’m up,” she giggled.
"I'd like to see the Starry Night exhibit. Is it still at the Museum of Modern Art?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"I don't have many of those," said Steve.
“What does that matter if there’s the possibility of getting something out of it?”
“Try.”
“As long there’s no one else for you,” said Tony.
“Eight at my room,” said Steve.
"Ironman doesn't need a bodyguard. He needs a babysitter," said Pepper.
"Weapon hurt people that's a simple fact. Their creators aren't responsible for how someone uses them." His words did little to soothe his alpha. "Come here." Tony continued to pace, ignoring his request. "Tony."
“Tony?”
“Yes, before passing out,” said Jarvis.
Steve quickly changed into the uniform. He changed its settings to stealth mood and latched onto his back. They got out of the jet. The climate was surprisingly warm, but it was growing dark. It was refreshing all his missions been cold.
“Repeat after me.”
They were wonderful women, yet they did not drawl out the urges they felt when with each other.
"Sorry, that was poor phrasing on my part," said Edith.
Steve's shoulders shrunk. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that. I love the alpha you are.”
*****
"Look, the realm of quantum mechanics is out of your reach. Such a shame you were making so much progress. I bet your father could understand," said Lena.
"Better than Lena. But just because he's an omega doesn't mean can't be crafty. Omegas are the best at it. You should meet my Aunt Nat," said Piper.
“Vy russkiy?”
“When will we be back?” asked Steve.
Steve pushed open the sliding door. A steaming trunk sat on the balcony. Carved into the lid was a message:
They opened the door to the small room. Banner stood leaning against the counter his head down in thought. He was dressed in several old jackets. Around his neck was a thick knitted gray scarf that was fraying at the ends. Bruce had grown out his hair, revealing more of its natural curl. A salt and pepper beard covered his jaw.
"I'm a piping hot mess. It's been going a while, and I haven't said anything. Nothing has been the same since New York," said Tony.
Piper tensed. But there was no obvious sign of upcoming punishment. Lena’s style wasn’t limited physical.
Happy Birthday Piper, from Uncle Thor
“I can separate my personal life from my work.” She blocked the door.
Tony cringed at the use of his full name. Aunt Peggy insisted on calling him, Anthony.
She poured him a glass of water. He stared at the ceiling trying to put things together. Clint would overcome this.
Pepper and Happy tried following them.
That whimpered sound pried at Winter's instinct protect. A latent compulsion he wasn't aware of before now. It caused a splintering pain spread through his head, but he forced it back. This was nothing compared to what he'd been through. Thankfully, this new ache whatever it maybe would be wiped from his memory. He'd killed omegas before.
"I don't need his permission to dance," said Steve.
“Are you the one who made me fight?” Rune told her of an older alpha watching over the fight. Could this be him?
. He hadn’t meant to say it out loud. “Tony, I-” Steve started.
“We are in Manhattan, New York on 200 Park Avenue. In the penthouse of my building." Basic information seemed to help Steve. “It’s December tenth, 10:30 pm."
“You could have told us you had an accident,” said Steve.
Winter paused in mid-strike. He dropped his knife.
“I found Extremis in her DNA,” said Bruce.
Fury walked through the medical wing, letting himself into the doctor's office. Turner frowned at him. The beta was packing up his briefcase.
"Thank you."
“Probably belonged to Papa’s friend Dum Dum Dougan. It’s not really Howard’s style,” said Daddy.
"Love you too, beautiful," said Tony.
“What happened here?” he asked.
“Don’t force me onto my stomach. I have to get to that position on my own,” said Steve.
So, they waited, enjoying the calm silence that had fallen between them. When they were called down to the morgue, Natasha and Agent Hill joined them. A white-haired beta stood by a table bearing the battered corpse.
“Got them for Steve,” said Rhodes. There was no claim mark on Tony's neck. He would have known as he entered the apartment if Steve was in heat.
Tony seemed slightly disappointed, but not the anger or frustration he’d expected.
“I don’t see why not.”
“Do you trust yours?” she asked.
“Hey, I promise it will be okay. I’m a lot tougher than I look.”
“I didn’t expect you home so soon.”
"I'll have Jarvis get in contact with Cho," said Tony.
“You really have a lid on it. What your secret mellow jazz, bongo drums, a huge bag of weed?” said Tony.
Tony rushed down to the lab. He grabbed a pair of gauntlets. The newly repaired Dum-E came wheeling over to him with a toolbox. He flipped open the lid, seeing if the bot forgot anything. Tony put a few extra things in the box.
“There’s autopilot for a reason,” said Natasha.
Steve got into the tub. He was tired before and now he was exhausted now. Tony got in behind him. He yawned. Steve was jolted from his drowsy state when Tony’s tongue lapped over the bite mark on his neck. It was healing but at a much slower pace. Tony continued to nuzzle, lick, and nip at him causing him to purr. This behavior was due to where the bite's placement. He’d bitten into his scent gland, which also explained the alpha’s tending behavior. Alphas rarely bit an unclaimed omega in such an area outside of heat. Dry bites only happened with unbounded omega alpha pairs that were close to claiming each other. It was only a heat of the moment thing. He wished it could lead to more. The thought escaped him when Tony started washing his hair, working out the tangles.
Steve believed Tony. The alpha didn’t have to tell him, yet he did. Tony handed him a piece of paper with an address and phone number on it.
Steve vaguely remembered the alpha leaving at the time he thought it was a dream. "What time is it?" he grumbled.
“I had to paint it I don't know why. I just had to."
Winter opened his eyes when the door to his cell slid open. Sir kicked a trunk toward him.
The alpha paused before asking, tentatively, “why haven’t you?”
Steve groaned the man was a great soldier, but he was the common traditionalist alpha.
Nothing happened. Where are they? They should have been here by now. He repeated the motion.
“How are Steven and Emma?” he asked. Tony didn’t know much about his aunt’s children. They were at least twenty years older than him. Steven and Emma were good people; they couldn’t afford to keep up their mother’s medical bills. They were more than happy to accept his help. Aunt Peggy living in her home as long as possible, no matter what the costs to him were. She didn't want to leave her home. Confining her to a nursing home, taking away that independence would kill her.
The alpha instantly awoke to his name. He bit his lip knowing what they had to do. Steve forced his clouded thoughts into line. Trying to ignore the fever heat, trying to take control. He needed this fire gone. There was only one way to do it.
“STEVE!”
"It was not."
Tony smiled. It was like seeing Steve for the first time again. Nothing could make the omega more perfect to him.
“Sure.”
Steve groaned as his muscles cramped.
“I can't,” said Tony.
“I’ll take these down to the van,” said Steve.
Her failure to comply earned another strike. That’s what she was a failure. Her hands fisted angered tear slipping down her cheek onto the floor. How had she sunken to a level of acceptance? An acceptance that was all she could have in her life.
Steve pulled up his pants. His legs were pleasurably numb. He managed to sit up. Steve took Tony’s hand, entwining their fingers.
“A photo of from the war.”
“I need to feel like I’m doing something,” he said.
She took a breath.
She laid the pad on the stone bench. Carefully writing her full name in cursive letters. She didn't want him to think she'd try and get out of their deal by making a mistake in writing her name.
"The baby announcement," said Tony.
“I’m here, sweetheart."
“I don’t. You are a stranger to me. And you have the frightening objective of getting into my head. That gives me all the more reason to dislike you,” said Piper.
Tony sat relaxed on one of the lab tables as Fury stormed into the room.
Tony lead him to the privacy of their room. As the moved they stripped each other their clothes. He pushed his mate back into bed. The omega bared his neck in submission. Tony licked his lips. No one else has the right to see this. There sheer angelic beauty of his mate awaiting the pleasure only he could give. Steve spread his legs and whined.
“We have nothing – no leads at all. There is nothing I
It was too late the room flooded with armed men. They had Pepper by the throat.
“Was that so bad?”
“Steve.”
Tony got up he could still in squeeze a few hours of sleep. He offered Steve his hand. Tony relaxed Steve took his hand, leading him to the bedroom. Only when he was sure Steve was settled in bed did he leave for the bathroom. He needed to shower. His clothes and skin stunk of Steve’s distress. He would never be able to use a bleach cleaner again.
"You want to know what I think?"
“I'll try.”
“No idea,” said Steve.
January 10, 2013
“Yes.” Lena left, the wall sealing behind her.
Piper was left alone in her new cell. She hated it. Not knowing what else to do she settled in Winter’s favorite corner. It was double the size of her previous one. A slotted glass wall divided the cell halves. She wouldn't be able to be near Winter. Was this some sort of new punishment? When she asked Lena, she was told it was for the sake of progress. Piper had no idea went that meant. Would she be taken away from him? She sat in the empty room, hugging her legs close and started crying. Scared and alone, with no one or anything to bring her the slightest comfort.
“And the Romania mission was just an abandoned base,” said Natasha.
He walked across the room, sitting next to the omega. Matt reached out slowly. He ran his fingers over the omega’s soft skin and strong features. Matt dropped his hand, letting the slid down Steve’s arm. Just that touch gave him a great sense of Steve's muscle it felt like iron. What would they be like flexed? Matt returned to his seat. Touching the omega only left him with more questions.
“Stark?”
Steve's next dance was with Rhodes.
“Because I know just how amazing you are,” said Papa, wiping away her tears.
“That’s normal; in the first month, it will fade soon. I only need to take your tempt then we can move on the ultrasound. Do any questions or concerns?” said Edith.
*****
Steve walked over.
“Clint would never do that,” said Steve.
“None of them were real,” she said.
“I can’t control it.”
“Does Natasha know?” he asked.
The war was over, yet it returned with vengeance after months of peace. As if it were trying to remind that he was unworthy of his new life. It should have been over when he crashed into the ice. He bit his lip holding back his scream. Blood trickled down his chin.
"And you forgot your shoes?" said Matt.
“I got an assignment.”
“About?”
“Back away.”
“Sir, this is Tony Stark.”
“That’s it?”
The omega whined cutely in his sleep.
“He didn’t know. Killian did for the sole purpose of torturing me," said Tony. The alpha hands were clenched. Tony was locked in a state of tension.
The tears started up again. His fist slammed into a nearby tree. It collapsed. He couldn’t stop them. One of the reasons he went for Peggy was he thought an alpha like Howard would have no interest in him. Steve loved her. There was no question in his heart on that, but there was something between him and Howard. He would have at least liked to chance to confront him on those feelings. So many what-ifs were running through his mind. Steve managed to regain himself. He carefully folded the crumpled letter and tucked it back his jacket pocket. Steve nearly struck out when someone touched his shoulder.
"I know, Steve. Anyone can see that, but that's not what I asked. Give me some descriptors," said Turner gently.
The lustful tone sent a chill through Tony. He moved down Steve’s chest. Tony caught Steve’s nipple in his mouth, teasing the bud between his teeth. Steve keened. He dragged his lips down Steve’s tone stomach. He stopped at the waistband of Steve’s panties. They were drenched with slick.
Steve snarled. If anyone tried to harm his pup he'd kill them. There would be no mercy."I won't let that happen!"
Steve could finally think clearly when he escaped the alpha’s scent. Yet, there was a primitive desire urging him to return. He didn’t understand why this was happening. Steve checked the calendar on his phone. It was early. He hadn't even thought it would be an issue. But his body decided to defy him by making him endure it. He hit Edith's contact. She picked up on the first ring.
“And there’s something else I found odd,” said Ballentine.
"You wouldn't mind?" asked Steve.
“I have to answer,” he gasped.
"Strawberry ice cream," said Steve.
“Who else would be calling you at three in the morning?”
“You were very light on your feet,” said Thor.
“I will be, but I won’t be able to help Rune until I’ve truly gained Piper’s trust. Their relationship is dependent. For now, I’ll talk to Piper. Then once she’s comfortable, I’ll include Rune in a few sessions with her. After that, I’ll talk to him individually and will eventually find him his own doctor.”
The sheer alpha dominance of the man’s tone even had Hill backing down.
The hours passed into morning. As soon as the other team came Steve was rushed into a medical tent. He pricked, poked, and thoroughly examined. Steve was barely containing his growls. He wanted to go home!
“Fours sugars and one cream,” said Hill.
“Daddy?”
Steve groaned when the phone rang. Before he could destroy the bothersome device Tony reached over him and hung it up.
“Me too,” he said, trying to not let the strain flow into his voice.
“Fine.”
The alpha's appearance was disheveled. Their eyes locked.
“Hydra's secret weapon,” said Steve.
“Classified.”
"Last time, I was restless." Tony instantly took his hand.
Tony came out of the haze when the threat was handled. His breathing was heavy. It had been years since he brought into such a state.
“You shouldn’t be so hard on yourself,” said Steve.
“Jarvis, when he wakes up, tell him I’ve gone to the gym.”
“I want you to handle the Zemos once I’ve left the area. Inform Fury, but have him hold off on taking any further action before I've told Steve and Tony."
“As beautiful as ever.”
“Why?”
“No, it was built for people like me.”
“Thank you, Pepper. I really appreciate that."
"It was a memory," said Steve.
Piper tore open the large box.
“But-”
"We want to show you what we have?" asked Tony.
The two women regained their composure.
He forced down a dry heave. Steve pushed his nose into Tony’s neck. The alpha’s scent helped him calm. There was a knock on the door Steve pulled away from Tony.
“A bagel and coffee."
"Take a seat, Piper."
"Ungrateful girl. There was a time when your kind was forbidden to even write."
“That doesn’t matter now! Move the assets! Do what you have to.”
Steve went to the lab. Natasha was sitting on the couch, flipping through a magazine. He peered into the playpen. Piper was peacefully asleep. If he'd ever hurt, he would never forgive himself. He didn't touch, not wanting to risk waking her. Seeing her like was enough.
“Wine?” asked Tony.
“Amazing, these are ready to be removed. I’ll get a nurse to do that,” said Blackwell.
“You made them breakfast. Now I know they’re special,"
“What the hell do you do?” he asked.
“That’s why. There’s no reason for you to feel that way. It wasn’t murder… Manslaughter.” He tried, helpfully. Hopefully? After all, she had started out by protecting him, and hadn’t been in control.
He warmed his hands before rubbings snow over the road rash on his arms. “Maybe I’ll just cozy back up for-
“Shit, wasn’t the response I was hoping for when we discovered the gender of our pup," said Steve.
“No," said Tony.
He gave a slight nod.
conflicts against a
“Piper, you shouldn’t reject a gift so freely given to you.”
"Yeah, good is relative. To us, he's good. Doesn't mean he can't be a jerk," said Piper.
“Sir, Rhodes is here,” said Jarvis.
Tony flinched. The first thing that came to mind was the frog eye headlights. It was never a car he considered adding to his collection. But he had said
“Not a word. I work for Tony Stark, keeping secrets is in my job description. I’m not sure how I’d even begin to explain this."
Tony joined him on the bed. It was tight, but they both managed to fit on the small bed. The alpha wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist, keeping him close, and kissed behind his ear.
He hoped it would be enough to bring what little calm he could to whatever upcoming chaos there was. The jet descended, landing on the carrier. The well-practiced military motions being conducted around were calming. A pang of guilt hit him. He was more comfortable here than the moment when Tony was about to purpose. It was only nerves and the upcoming threat that was making him feel this way. He wanted to marry Tony, but he found comfort in the familiarity of a mission no matter how strange it may be. His inner omega snarled and clawed angrily his subconscious. It fully agreed with him on protecting the world so there be a safer place to raise their pup, but finding comfort here instead of with their mate was a massive no! Natasha was waiting for them. He forced a smile, hoping may offer a brief comfort to his friend.
“We’ll play war.”
“How are your feet?” asked Matt.
“I’m sorry, Steve,” said Edith.
asked Steve.
"If there's a chance it gets me a head start over you when she goes rabid, it’s worth it."
"Something this big?"
“Right, and then you just said it by name, while denying having said it.” Tony struggled to get back up. He braced himself against the car for support.
Steve soaked under the hot water, hoping to wake up. His fingers ran over his stomach. He couldn't keep this a secret any longer. Steve reapplied his scent blockers. Steve went into the bedroom only wearing a towel. Blushing when Tony's gaze slowly ran over him.
"His mistreatment of test subjects was well documented. Though that didn't stop S.H.I.E.L.D. from offering him a position on their research team. He refused. Igor immigrated to Slovakia in the mid-'50s with his son Ruslan. There they changed their names to Martin and Thomas Toth.”
Cramping pain forced Steve from his slumber. He clenched the sheets as he worked through the pain. A hand traveled through his hair. It provided a minuscule distraction. The ache passed for the moment. Tony sat by his side.
"Will anyone hurt him while I'm gone?" Piper asked, still hesitating.
“I survive.” He was aware that at one point there may be an opponent or event that finally killed him. At times, he almost longed for it. Most often he was completely indifferent to whatever fate was assigned to him. Things had changed now that there was someone dependent on him. Winter knew there would come a day where she lacked that dependency. It could come at any point. They could freeze him and when he woke up she could be grown. And they may be strangers to each other. Winter began to understand that she was his replacement.
He was sure their bond was dependent. If one didn't trust him, neither would. And the decision of trust seemed to be up to Piper.
“Where are we?”
She jumped in her seat, going stiff, laying her hands flat on the table, fear present in her expression. The distress was so heavy that even his beta nose could pick up on it. She flinched as if he were going to hurt her.
“Good afternoon Steve. It’s April 28, 2012. It is 62 degrees out and sunny."
“Blueberry pancakes.”
Piper spared a quick glance in his direction, briefly acknowledging he was there before returning her attention to her lego project. The artic landscape was almost done. She was working on the final touches to Elsa's Castle.
He jumped out of the back of the jet. Steve dove toward the ground.
He dropped a large textbook on her desk. It was a red book with a painted image of battle on it. The title read:
He patted the girl’s head.
“Crap.” Tony clumsily made his way down the stair. He was a sitting duck moving like this.
“We’ll see if we have to move up from there,” said Bruce. He gathered their learning material. Piper had him constantly adapting his lesson plans. He handed her a packet thick of questions. “Do what you can, then return it to me.”
Winter nodded in acknowledgment.
“When will I be able to see him?”
“Impressive, yes, but I long for some familiarity. Something of the old,” said Steve.
*****
Steve had heard this before. It was a bit of a sore spot for the alpha.
“What is it?”
“Where is he?” asked Tony.
“You know how Dad feels about dogs.”
After his experience in an omega facility, he swore never to go back. Bucky would guard the door of his room while he worked through it alone. Luckily his heat-raddled mind didn’t see Bucky as a potential mate. It was a miserable time that he dreaded. Once it was over it left emotionally and physically wrecked.
“Tony, I swear to god I’m going to blow his face off,” he said.
“I don’t know. We have no idea what she had to endure. I doubt she'd answer if we asked. None of us have been the most eager sharers. Steve, are you okay?” said Tony.
A clack of heels on the floor pulled Winter's attention away from the pup. Lena smiled sweetly at them. "Ready for your lesson?" Lena asked.
“They made me fight.”
“Do you not remember the last part of our schedule?”
Piper jumped away when ignited with the bright white light. They charged at each other again. Hand locking on each other’s arms. Each surging their strength to push the other back. Their arms ached and started shaking after a few seconds of the great strain.
“I can open them now?” she asked.
She was a fool. He raised his fist, stopping inches from her face. She stood there, unflinching.
Piper woke up at three after long nap. She ran up to Rhodes as he came through the door.
“Glad you’re home.”
“Jarvis can keep an eye on it while we're gone,” said Tony.
"Lucky kid."
He realized he was being possessive. Pepper had a long history with Tony. Until she found someone for herself he wouldn't want her near his alpha. She wasn’t like young omega flirts, he knew Tony may flirt with them but it meant nothing. He should have bitten him. These possessive urges will only due to his heat being near. Only nine days now. They hadn’t talked about it yet.
“What happened to us?” asked Rose.
"Do you think it is?" asked Barny.
“No needles,” said Steve. The fearful reaction it earned from the pups was sickening.
*****
*****
"He's busy. I wouldn't want to pull him away from something important," said Steve.
“Who will you be, Piper?”
“Stark, where’s Steve?”
“Is this love Agent Romanoff?” he asked with smirked. He knew of the soldier and the mechanical man but could be far more interesting.
“Jarvis, start the fire,” said Tony.
“Will she comply?”
“I’m so sorry. That normally doesn’t happen,” he said, helping her from the floor.
“He can if you let him; otherwise, it’s a waste. And you won’t be able to scare him away like you did the other.”
“I’m guessing he was alpha,” said Natasha.
“You promise you’ll come back as soon as you can?” he sniffled.
Tony hurried over to the omega, leaning him against the wall.
“Okay,” said Steve. He took a breath. Steve gently pressed on the cool metal edge. The reactor rose slightly. Steve turned slowly turned it.
"Will, that be a problem?"
Again another idea, which made his omega happily, preen.
Gnawing guilt was already chewing away at the pit of her stomach. She'd hurt someone.
The flash of anger passed.
“There’s still a long time before that happens,” said Steve.
“Did you see anything?”
"Wouldn't have believed it either," said Clint.
“I’m sure if he still made weapons Stark would be neck-deep-
Steve turned red as he slicked at the idea. Sex was foreign to him. It was something he never experienced in its pure form. Tony smiled. It was such a playful, clever expression, but it also held a gentle kindness.
"It isn't."
“It’s ten in the morning,” said Steve. He couldn’t believe he’d slept in so late. Steve changed into his clothes from last night and went to the kitchen. Jarvis brewed a fresh pot of coffee. He filled his mug.
“Sorry, I’ve been busy."
“Fine,” said Steve. He and Tony kissed Piper on the forehead before stepping out of the room.
“There’s some guy here,” said the other omega.
Maria chuckled.
“Come in.”
“When the time is right,” said Tony.
He glared at Fury. This was what he was afraid of. Weapons like this weren’t meant to be out in the world.
“I don’t want to get pregnant,” said Steve.
"Yes."
They went to the basement. Daddy sat next her in a bean bag chair. He seemed to trust the doctor. She knew her parents wouldn’t let his woman near if she were a true threat. Bloom started with some softball questions. Piper was sure she could handle her without her dad’s support.
“Claim me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve growled. Tony backed away from him before he could get a grip on him. Steve managed to get his feet. By then, Tony was back in his lab. The alpha never ran from a chance for sex. He waddled down the stairs. Steve snarled when he found his husband doing pull-ups in the lab. He'd been talking to an empty tin can this entire time. Dum-E offered him a plate of fruit.
"You want a highly trained assassin as our child's godmother?" said Tony.
“I only need a few minutes. Let me walk for a few more minutes.”
Steve tried ignoring the wonderful spark of the touch of their skin. It wasn’t something he was used to. The movie started playing. He tensed slightly when Tony started running his fingers through his hair, but swiftly relaxed. A soft rumbling sound caught his touched his ear.
“He’s still in REM sleep. Tony shouldn’t be waking anytime soon. You thoroughly tired him out last night,” said Jarvis.
“He’s not my alpha,” said Steve.
"I found that candy. Do you want to keep eating it?"
“He was right about the location. We are about twenty minutes away from where Steve is,” said Tony.
“I’m Piper Sara Margret Stark.”
“You’re on your own,” said Natasha.
He wrapped his arms Steve’s waist nuzzling his neck.“Morning sweetheart."
“Yes.”
"I've been calling for over an hour."
"I want to do this Steve."
"How long does it normally last?"
Steve sighed and went into the bedroom to lay down, resisting the urge to rearrange the pillows into a nest. Sleep came swiftly.
He tried getting up but Tony pushed him back into the nest. Steve didn't fight it. The bed was so comfy.
Natasha closed the trunk and spared one more wave at the solider, before speeding off in her car. She glanced at the rearview mirror, Helmut’s figure growing ever smaller. Natasha hoped he and his son made it through this.
“I don’t know.”
Winter nodded. He seemed to easily accept the idea of a three-year-old with above average intelligence. Most adults had difficulty accepting it until they heard her last name. Winter seemed to know little of his current situation, and even less of the outside world, so he didn’t know the Stark name.
“Who was the alpha or beta of your choice?” asked Clint.
*****
*****
“Thank you.”
“This is Lena Zemo.”
“Come on Clint’s waiting in the car,” said Natasha.
“Don’t you think this is-"
"What's that?"
“I’ve been compromised. I got red in my ledger. I’d like to wipe it out,” she said.
Steve loved the sound of ours. He sat up. Tony helped him up. They went into the bathroom. There were differences in his alpha. The threads of gray faded from his hair. The line and creases formed by stress and time were less noticeable. He looked a few years young from a day ago.
“Send me his file.” Her phone pinged as Jarvis sent it over. “How is she?”
"Okay."
The beta stepped forward without fear. She slowly approached, touching her fingers to his neck. His pulse was steady.
Tony took his phone from his pocket. Twenty missed calls from Pepper. Best to avoid calling her back for as long as possible. She was going to kill him when the press got hold of this. He pulled away from his phone. Taking a good few seconds to look over Steve.
“Did he go through that?” asked Steve.
“And what would have stopped Tony from having one of his drones kill him,” said Natasha.
“No.”
“Yes.”
It slid toward them on its belly. Banner calmly started walking toward it.
He looked at the night sky. The star sparkled brightly. An alien army coming down from outer space. The sky always seemed so peaceful to him, it was hard to imagine such a threat coming from there. He rested his hand over his stomach. Steve smiled and began purring. He was already so attached to something so impossibly small. Steve would make it up to his baby for putting it through all this.
"I don't know you're reasoning nor do I care. I know you will take care of my baby. That's all that matters to me," said Steve.
She smiled. "I wasn't who you wanted to come through that door."
Steve smiled. "When did this movie come out?"
Steve went into the kitchen. Jarvis put the TV onto the discovery channel. He made lunch and settled on the couch. He smiled when Tony settled next to him. Steve kissed him.
“Okay.” They had really looked like they needed it.
“I’ll just have to use it against them.”
"What if-
She slammed glowing badge into his face, cutting him off. It seared into his face. Her heated hand stabbed into his chest before she tossed him back. A deputy ran to intervene but stopped when she drew her gun. She fired.
Those fierce blue eyes matched perfectly with one he’d come to know so well. The omega was the pup’s bearer. Piper’s parents came for and found her against all odds.
"You're holding something that happened in the first months we were dating against me? You forgave me! Have I not made it up to you? Shown you how much I care about you."
“Hey, Rhodes.”
“It’s fun for me.”
Nothing. For hours he ignored her, even seeming to fall asleep again as the fluorescent light flickered off. Piper missed her parents. Someone had taken her for what she was. She’d always been warned of the risk, but it didn't seem real until now. It was all too much and Piper cried.
They understood her reasoning, but it didn't make it any easier to accept.
The two trained for hours. Steve helped Natasha from the training mat.
“Healthy, what’s this?”
Winter was pushed into the chair.
Twenty minutes later, Steve was growing agitated that he was still crying.
“You know what to do."
I'm sorry this update took so long. Due to a minor concussion during a riding spill, I was unable to complete it in a timely manner.  Thanks to my beta reader I believe it makes for a smoother.
“Okay, I’ll go.”
“We have to put them out of their misery,” said Natasha.
"Her strength may make an appearance when her motor functions are more developed. Has she had any difficulty nursing?"
“What’s the plan?”
Winter paced his room. It had been hours. He'd heard the commotion. Winter knew the sound of battle well, but he'd never encountered one that sounded like the one he just heard.
He leaped to the lever.
"Yes, Steve."
“I have no interest in one of Howard’s old toys,” said Tony.
Tony didn’t know if Jarvis’s interface was making him say that, or if the AI had developed the level of emotional intelligence required to miss someone.
There was a sharpness to his voice that made her wary. She didn't take it personally. He was a pregnant omega whose alpha was lost. She looked over him; there were no so sign of injury. The super-soldier serum may not work as fast as Extremis, but it was stable and long-lasting. Her discomfort grew enough for her to move. She wandered into the kitchen. Pepper handed her a set of fresh clothes.
“Steve!”
“That’s not how this works.”
“Seems confusing.”
“I had to get her scent off you,” said Steve.
Pierce nodded, leaning back in his chair.
*****
“I WANT WINTER!”
"Alpha?"
“8:30 pm,” answered Jarvis.
“You need men in these buildings. There are people inside that are going to be running right into the line of fire. Take them to the basement or the subway. You keep them off the streets. I need a perimeter as far as 39th,” said Steve.
His eyes widened. Not possible. He would have known. Wouldn’t he? It explained why he cared. Was this his pup?
Steve tensed when ‘Ten Rings’ was mentioned. They had kidnapped he and Tony, mutilated his mate, and exposed his unborn daughter to a dangerous chemical. He had a dog in this fight.
"I'll be here for you, tomorrow," said Lena. With that, she left.
“Alpha!”
“Play something Steve might like,” said Tony.
“I’m sure it was nothing worth this lack of attention.”
“I’m worried.”
"Just hold on," said Killian pulling away.
“Sixteen days."
“Who else knows?” he asked. Steve broke his gaze. His smile fading.
“Why do we have this?” asked Steve.
Steve smirked. Tony had to take a moment to enjoy it. It was expression unique to Steve’s feral state. What was he planning?
“I’m not trying to change him. If he makes changes, it's his choice. But that’s not my goal,” said Steve. He enjoyed who Tony was.
“What happened?” asked Steve.
"Yes." Steve nervously clenched a dishtowel. “Could I bite your neck next time?”
He gave the fluffy item to the pup. She held it tightly to her chest, pushing her nose into the fabric. Winter joined the child in the corner. Hiding her from direct view with his body.
“Don’t take it personally,” said Pepper, and she came back into the kitchen.
“I think she’s hungry.”
"But things would be rather boring if the world wasn't like that."
"I didn't think you'd be awake."
Rune was shaking behind her. “Are we in trouble?”
*****
“Anything new?” asked Tony.
"Why?"
Rune came over to her and hugged her. The boy was only mimicking Piper’s actions. Natasha greeted Piper's parents, knowing they’d have to talk, but it was about Piper for now. Natasha waited for a moment alone. It came when Piper wanted to show Nat her bedroom.
His fingers landed on something paper. Steve's heart broke when he pulled out a hand made card. Piper made them for him or Tony whenever she felt they were having a bad day. Sometimes, she would hide them where she thought they'd find it, so it would be a surprise. On the front was a cow playing checkers with a chicken. He unfolded it.
"I'm not made of glass and I'm leading," she said.
He rubbed his eyes to make sure the omega was still there. Steve’s eyes were slightly puffy and red from crying. He must have been crying all night for the effect to remain. Steve smelled of another alpha.
Steve closed his phone, tucking it under his pillow. At 4:00 am, his alarm went off. He went to the shower wanting to wash away Tony’s scent. Steve didn't want another omega to know Tony's scent. When he got out, he sniffed his skin. He smelled of the neutral soap he used. Steve dressed in the uniform given to him. He shrugged his shoulders. The outfit scratched against his skin. Steve met Clint and Natasha at the jet.
Tony got up, bringing a wheelchair over to Steve. The omega glared at it.
Beta Read by AbsolutShenanigans
Tony turned the omega, so they were facing. He flinched when he saw tears.
Steve took the spatula from Tony's hand, bringing him close. He kissed Tony's temple.
“I’m glad you had some looking after you,” said Tony.
“There was no risk even if I missed I knew you’d catch me.”
Tony quickly snapped a photo of Piper on his phone.
“Let her out here."
“Son, you really don’t want to do this.”
Tony ate two, leaving the rest to Steve. The night was peaceful. Steve yawned.
“I have a mission tomorrow,” said Steve.
“Trust me you’ll enjoy this.”
He ruffled the girl’s hair. Earning an annoyed huff from the pup.
“I won't be alone for long. All I have to do is open the door." Tony said, playing down the risk. His stealth armor's defensive measures were weaker than his other suits, to make it lighter and quieter. It could survive the average machine gun, but would have difficulty handling antitank weaponry.
The name ringed no bells for him.
She yawned. “I slept!”
“You’ve got to give me something, Tony,” he said.
"No, I wish I could be more helpful," he said.
“Honestly, I hate working here they are so weird."
“You are stunning,” he said.
Happy nodded. He went to the elevator, lost in thought.
"You are thinking too traditionally, Steve. Many people have gone through what you're experiencing. There are entire books about it. I would recommend The Feminine Mystique it tackles that exact subject. It was written by a female omega,"
He slowly pulled away from Steve, taking his hand, trying to lead him to bed. Steve's hand slipped from his.
“Did I misspeak?”
"I would hate for Pepper to interrupt," Tony said, and explained about a project they were working to complete before the deadline.
“Did I do good?” Why did the pup always ask him that? Even when she struggled, she did better than anyone could expect from someone in her position.
"That an alarming line of thinking, Piper."
“I thought you’d be asleep,” said Tony.
“Probably dead, there were rumors about his family leaving Russia and immigrating to Slovakia. Not sure if there’s any merit to it.”
"How was your visit to John Hopkins?"
“Do you want me to take off your shorts or Tony?”
Fear seeped through their bond. Steve’s expression softened.
“What causes the reaction?” asked Bruce.
"If you like I'll tolerate it."
“Why? I’ve been nothing but nice to you!”
"Hey, Steve."
“Bye, Director Furry,” said Piper with a wave.
Winter came to the middle of the room, sitting across from her. She shuffled the cards, thinking of the simplest games that Theodore might understand. Her favorite game was twenty-one, but apparently, counting cards was a bad thing. That would probably be too difficult for Theodore. The easiest game she could think of was war. She split the deck in half, giving one half to him.
"Pull up his vitals."
“No,” said Tony.
"Bye."
“You have to go back,” said Tony.
“Then, they never will."
“Where was this taken?” he asked.
Despite the brutality of their fight, she didn't think he was the bad guy. Rune was like her and Winter, a person forced to do bad things. Winter was the result. They were likely meant to be the improved version of him. But there was something fun about the idea of fighting Rune. Someone on somewhat equal footing with her. But she had to get to know the potential ally.
“Why did he apologize?”
“What do you think of them? My parents.”
"Hey," she said.
Steve's eyes watered.
“Will it happen again?”
“Something on your mind,” said Tony, catching the omega's aroused scent.
"Yes, exactly like this. Panic attacks, anxiety, nightmares, depression. You went through it first but you're not alone."
“How?” Piper pressed.
Jarvis started playing hits from the '60s, '70s, and '80s. ABBA's Dancing Queen started playing.
“No, Jarvis.”
“Ah, see. I don’t get a suit of armor. I’m exposed, like a nerve. It’s a nightmare,” said Bruce.
He sat up. An old security guard stood amongst the rubble.
"Having to entertain a hungry one-month-old for two hours does that."
“Thanks, so what’s Captain America like?”
"You didn't hear it."
Steve jumped.
"Where do we start?" said Steve.
"Lady, is this yours?"
He flipped open the box, choosing a glazed donut. His pregnancy driven sweet tooth was gone. Unlike his husband, he preferred his donuts simple.
“Agent Romanoff,” said Phil with a nod before leaving to whatever station he was needed in.
Steve heaved again. Tony's fingers tracing down his back offered distraction. Only raising his head when he was sure he wasn't going to throw up again. "You don't have to stay with me, Tony. Try and get some sleep."
Steve did. The collar retreated in width, returning to its original form. His tricket. Even when knowing what it was, he didn't want to remove it.
“Will, you get in trouble?”
“I would be happy to,” said Phil.
“Amazing,” said Steve.
The buzzed cut asshole had the kid! He tried moving the metal but he was helpless. Every instinct screaming at him to protect the pup. He struggled against the metal pinning, growling at the man. The jackass was sitting in the Santa chair in front of him.
“Perfect.”
“What if Winter comes along?”
“So was your father, but he always made time to visit me,” said Peggy.
“I don’t want to talk about. It’s over now and we are better for it,” said Steve.
"Natasha and Clint have things handled."
"Do you think she won't remember us?"
“You’ve been avoiding her calls,” said Jarvis.
“This is a mission.”
“You’re done.”
“Pinky promise,” said Piper wrapping her pinky around his.
“How do you feel?” asked Tony, his arm winding around Steve.
“Anyone want a glass?”
*****
Steve undressed and wrapped a towel tightly around his waist. He laid on the table. Two beta females came into the room. Steve closed his eyes in relaxation as they began to work. After an hour Steve was completely relaxed. He was ready to cuddle up with his alpha. Steve slowly sat up.
“Jarvis?”
Tony turned. Steve was in sweats and a red sweater. A large mug of coffee in his hand.
Besides the fact that he was a chauvinistic asshole, no. If Becker’s treatment hadn’t caused any ill effect yet she doubted that it would crack the metal foundations and wall she’d set up within in Piper’s mind. But she didn't like it. Her most prized project was in the hands of an ape.
“Is there any point in me asking for the juicy details of your heat?” asked Natasha.
She ate. The door of the room flung open Lena appeared uninvited and unwanted before them. Winter quietly moved closer to her and Piper, in turn, pressed closer to the alpha.
Winter shrugged.
“That makes me feel old. I remember when you were in diapers. You were such a cute baby,” she said. Peggy leaned back in her seat, examining her godson. “What’s the real reason you’re here?”
“Nine bombings.”
“I’m in-
Steve flushed. Tony made him blush with little difficulty. He was sure he wasn't the only person the alpha had that effect on. The plane landed.
Maria went to her desktop, logging into the S.H.I.E.L.D. secure network. "I'm in." She listened to the file, shocked when she heard Piper's name. Until now, she thought Natasha's investigation into the Zemos was a waste of time and talent.
Poison wouldn’t harm his mate, but it could harm their daughter. The pup came first.
“Must be difficult adjusting,” said Rhodes.
“You know she’d be here if she could. But sometimes things get in the way.”
"He isn't recovering at his normal pace," said Tony.
Non-invasive prenatal paternity testing – advances in genetic testing has led to the ability to determine paternity while a woman is pregnant through noninvasive measures. There's a small amount of fetal DNA during pregnancy from blood with no risk of miscarriage. Studies have shown cffDNA can be observed as early as 7 weeks gestation.
"You must be hungry, you can eat. It’s good," said Steve.
“You can’t expect me not to touch when it’s directly in my face."
“I don’t trust many people with my shield,” said Steve.
“Flight power restored.”
Around noon they left for the hospital. Steve resisted the urge to bit his lip as they grew closer. He had to stay calm for Tony’s sake. His husband needed this. They needed this. It was progress. They pulled into the parking garage.
“Or what?” Steve bit his lip, stopping himself from whining at the feel of the alpha’s warm breath against his skin. Tony laughed. It was bitter, not the sweet warm sound he was used to. It was meant to hurt him and he couldn’t say it didn’t. Before now it always felt they were always laughing together. He was being ridiculed by someone he cared for. It hurt so deeply. He reminded himself Tony was only lashing out because he was hurt.
Tony sighed it was probably nothing, but he needed a distraction. He glanced at Steve, who was still dazed, hovering on the edges of his earlier panic.
“Tony, I’ve always felt it.”
"Okay," he said with a pout.
Never had he watched over someone so worthy of protection. When breakfast came, he brought her closer, hiding her from direct sight.
“Let start with positive your pregnancy."
“Mmm, that can be arranged,” said Tony.
Low growling broke his train of thought. His first instinct was to run thinking he'd angered the alpha. But Tony pulled him closer, shielding him, protecting, him. The alpha’s eyes were fully dilated. His scent took on a musky wild tone, making him slick. Even with the alpha in his current state, he unafraid. Steve was flattered. The only other alpha to get this upset over what happened to him was Bucky. He’d only told half the story. Steve cupped Tony's face, kissing him.
Grah mo chee - means sweetheart in Gaelic
"Please." Steve wanted to tend the alpha's injuries. To make sure the man was healthy enough to continue. Tony released his wrist giving him a slight nod. "Thank you."
“What does it do?” asked Steve.
“Could I stay with you? My floor smells of Tony and Steve’s mating,” he said.
“Yes,” said Hill.
"No, you don't. It's nice to know such kindness isn't lost in this day," said Steve.
“You’re safe.”
He nodded.
"Steve, if need to go talk to one of your groups. You can," said Tony. Steve always seemed better after attending one. Something about hearing the problems of others took his mind off his own.
He sighed when he heard the clack of heels.
"Congratulations, Tony. What's her name?"
"Einstein slept three hours a year. Look what he did," said Tony.
“Airstrip,” said Tony.
"Of course, Sir. This way Mr. Banner," said Jarvis.
“Call Happy when you're ready to go," said Tony.
The two took time washing each other, leaving when the water turned cold. Once they were dressed, Steve led Tony to his nesting couch. They had a few hours until their appointment with Edith. Sleep was the perfect way to use that time. He wrapped his arm around his mate’s waist, not wanting to risk him escaping. Steve didn’t close his eyes until he was sure Tony was asleep. He yawned, cuddling closely to Tony’s neck.
They parked in a small gravel lot. In front of them was a small rectangular diner with chrome finish. The sign outside read Sam’s Diner. It seemed to be rather oddly placed in the middle of nowhere.
"So, you know my name."
“You as well.”
The pups came running down the steps.
“You only have to do the same. Find something personal to open up to her about,” he said.
“Our baby.”
Fury turned to his attention to Banner and Rogers.
"At least tell us about your date," said Nat.
“8:00 pm,” said Jarvis.
The room was soundproof. Any cries would be blocked from his ears. All he could do was stand and wait, something he was normally quite good at. After a minute, he couldn't stop his mind from wandering to the worst case scenarios which may be occurring inside.
“Is Van Gogh your favorite artist?” he asked. Steve nodded.“Why?”
“Did your Uncle Bruce hurt you? Did you get something wrong?”
“I have to inform medical. It’s procedure,” she said.
"I don't think she can wait."  He was barely managing to hold her. She was using her advanced strength against him to get to Steve. "Give her enough to calm down."
“Can’t Pepper go?” asked Steve.
“Donut?” offered Rhodes.
“What’s her name?” asked Tony.
“I could always ask Happy,” said Tony.
"I would think so," said Tony.
Tony took the shield from a table. The colors were bright and fully refurbished.
"No, I like hearing you."
“I sound like your parents?”
“Are you Matt Murdock?” she asked.
They left immediately.
The men were stunned when she got up uninjured, exclaiming indignantly, “they gave us blanks!”
“Send a grocery list to Happy,” he said.
"It's nothing," said Tony, shrugging.
The mixing of her language started earlier today. That was English, Italian, and German. It was concerning. Seventy-two hours without sleep was nothing for him. But for a three-year pup, it was taxing. He'd seen the toll of sleep deprivation. Winter had been charged with the task of keeping prisoners awake. Untrained adults started hallucinating around seventy-two hours. She was holding up remarkably well. So far, she showed no sign of hallucination. Whatever she was, it was helping her through what she was suffering through.
“You don’t need to,” said Tony.
“Sorry about that,” said Steve.
"What if it doesn't turn out right?" Staring nervously at his stomach.
She placed a thermometer in his mouth. It beeped.
“But I want to work on my project.”
Ever since Piper could string together a sentence she questioned everything. Sometimes even Tony didn't have the answer to her questions. He found himself brushing up on random facts just in case he needed to answer some off-hand question. He glanced at his mate. Steve was staring blankly in the direction of Piper's room.
“Lots of practice and countless targets. I got a feel for how it reacted to other substances. I don’t even have to think about it. It’s almost a part of me. I assume it's the same for your bow," he said.
“Stop it!” Piper demanded.
“That good?” said Steve.
“You have a missile headed straight for the city,” he said.
“You must really miss us to sigh like that.”
“Theodore?”
“Do you want breakfast? I’m making omelets,” said Steve.
“So, some rich guy you’re scamming.”
“We’ll find out.”
“There are already so many things that would get in the way. Two travel buddies won't make it any worse," said Piper. And, though Piper very carefully didn’t say this, it would be so lonely, or so scary if she had to make her way to freedom with someone else who was also trying to find a new home in the world.
In the lab, Bruce and Tony studied the most recent data gathered. Bruce scanned over the cane. Tony’s mind was split in its interest. One curious of the scientist working beside him, the other with the subject he was here to study.
“If it helps her, I’d be happy to. I throw a couple of softball questions at him.”
“At least let me clean them,” she said.
She sniffled, her anger fading at his empathic expression.
Natasha touched his shoulder.
Tears poured from his eyes. He wiped them. "You always hated it when I cried."
“Why am I in heat?" asked Steve.
A few minutes later, it was over. He closed his legs. Star turned away so that he could have some privacy. She’d seen that look before far too often for her liking. The shame was so evident in his crystal blue gaze. Someone forced himself upon the hero, most likely when he was small and unable to protect himself.
They went to one of the empty sleeping courters. Steve filled the tube with warm water.
“I’m was one of must feared instructors. Only five of my class survived my training. They became some of S.H.I.E.L.D’s top agents,” said Natasha.
Thor and Loki reached the jet. He threw his brother into one of the seats.
Steve nodded, falling back into the pillows.
"I'm not going to bed. I'm not sleepy," she said, barely stifling a yawn.
Piper shook her head trying to force away the urge to sleep. She had to stay sharp.
“Pardon?”
Steve had been staring at the wall for hours now. A red blinking light in Tony helmet caught his attention. He put it on. The electronics came alight.
“Do you need me to contact sir?”
“The twentieth or twenty-first,” said Steve.
He put her down.
"She was holding a photo of the Howling Commandos," said Tony.
“You know how a feel about those.”
"I'm allowed." His previous heats were spent in confinement.
“Working on it."
“And how do you know that?”
“Hmm?”
She followed him out of prison. A car was waiting for her. Fury opened it for her.
“Yes, I want to have sex with you, Steve. I the circumstances aren’t great.”
Steve sighed. “Nervous."
He didn’t miss the low growl in her tone.
“You forgot the keys,” said Steve.
“I thought it would be more appropriate for an infant and she seems to like it.”
“You already do.”
“I’m fine, Winter. Just tired. I was only exaggerating. I would have told you if I was hurt.”
