"I think you'll find, sir, that Agent Romanoff will be more than capable of getting Mrs. Sharpton to talk." Hill nodded, giving Natasha permission to go ahead and join Sharpton. As Nat turned, she heard the Chief give a loud guffaw.
"Yeah, but it's twenty miles away," Conroy pointed out. "This is Malibu! There has to be a fancy rich people hospital in this town somewhere!"
"Generally, the reception is good," Lara said, showing a graphic she'd compiled on the news media response. Reading some of the headlines she gathered, it was clear she was truthful on that. "I just wanted to preface it with that. There was some criticism about the abrupt cancellations on Monday – most notably from the outlets we canceled with – but I'm working to fix that."
"Stark!" Steve tried to look around for Tony, but he found himself distracted by the massive amount of damage that the explosion had done to the engine turbine. The hull had been completely torn off, making it as clear as day how far of a drop it was to the ground. Steve could have sworn that he was higher up than he was when he crashed the plane into the Arctic. "Stark, I'm here!" He tried to call into the coms again.
"Yes," Pepper said. "I really hate to tell you this, but they took more than enough hydrogen and oxygen to cause an explosive reaction, along with sodium, aluminum, and carbon." Tony's eyes immediately widened, and he almost didn't notice Wallace had unlocked the door for him to come in. His mind began listing off all the horrible things that one could make with those combinations of elements. As Pepper had already mentioned, hydrogen and oxygen had an explosive reaction when combined, but the other ones had reactions that could be just as devastating.
They managed to finish only a short bit later and sat down on the floor in the space that used to be behind the bar with their backs against the window. Both were silent, taking in the fruits of their efforts. Tony ran his foot along the indentation the bar had left behind on the floor. It wasn't that deep given that the bar had only been there for a few months, but it was still noticeable. Tony sighed.
"I say we start downstairs and work our way back up until we either find him or end up back here," she said. "The first floor has the most common areas, including a bar. That's probably going to be where he'd head, first."
Despite that assurance, Tony couldn't bring himself to get up off the ground. He remained frozen in place. His heart kept hammering in his chest and his arms shook. For what felt like eons he remained there, eyes wide like a deer in headlights, completely unable to move.
"Yes, I can," Steve said. "Especially when I know what the reality is going to be. I'm going to lose Tony just like I've lost everything else." Steve's voice broke a little bit at the end of that sentence. Natasha said nothing, just waited for him to be able to say something again.
Eventually, he couldn't take it. He had to get up and look around. Slipping out of the room and being careful to softly close the door behind him as not to wake Steve, he turned the flashlight on his phone on and began to meticulously scan the room. He still couldn't see the danger his mind seemed intent on warning him of. Maybe it never existed. Still, it didn't hurt to check.
Unfortunately, Tony was subjected to the "wonderful gift" of Susanna Hoffs several more times before he was able to effectively block the number. It wasn't hard, just somewhat needlessly complicated. He had to have JARVIS trace the number back to the phone company it was registered to, and then hack into their systems to get the phone's specific model number. Once he had those things, it was just a simple matter of hacking into Lara's phone and programming it to automatically reject calls originating from that specific model number. After that, the music stopped.
As Betty took a few steps across the room, a text box had popped up on the screen of the computer she had been using. Checking it out, Bruce found it was a notification that the mass spectrometer had finished analyzing the lipstick and the options to either display the result on screen or print it out were listed below it. Bruce picked the former and a bar graph appeared onscreen. There were small amounts of the ingredients that normally made up lipstick (fish scales, dyes, etc.) but it was overwhelmingly made up of one substance. Underneath the tallest bar of all, the statistic was written:
He moved at a fast-paced walk down four flights of stairs and out the main entrance to the parking lot. He didn't go farther than that. He just walked over to the first grass-barrier between parking sections and sat down.
"Phase Two is S.H.I.E.L.D. uses the Cube to make weapons," he announced. "Sorry, the computer was moving a little slow for me."
"He's hiding out in the Bahamas," he explained. "He got involved in a money laundering scheme that came to light after the housing crisis struck. He is wanted for dozens of counts of fraud and
After quickly using the restroom, Tony went into the kitchen and was shocked to find that he and Steve weren't alone in the apartment. Lara had apparently let herself in and helped herself to a plate of (whole wheat) toast. Tony frowned.
"I can give you an even better time," he said. "But first I have to take care of this." Steve nodded in understanding.
"Alright this," she gestured towards the screen. "…Is Google. All you have to do is type whatever you want to know into this box," she pointed at the search bar in the middle of the screen. "Then hit the 'search' button," she pointed over to the little grey button below the search bar. "And the computer will tell you whatever it is you want to know. For example," she gestured over to the TV which she had flipped on while eating her breakfast. "if I type 'Good Morning America' into this box and hit search," she did exactly that causing the page to change from the simple, blank home screen to a list of results from across the web. "It will give me all sorts of information about the show; what time it's on, who's in it, etc."
Slowly, he made his way across the room to the kitchenette. He flipped on the light above the oven, providing some amount of light, but not so much that he would be overwhelmed or hurt his eyes. The parlor attached to the kitchen held no unseen evils either. He could see straight out the large panoramic window that faced H Street and the White House. No danger outside either. Feeling reassured, he put his back against the wall and sunk down to sit on the floor.
That was the worst part. This was a ship full of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents with four enhanced persons on board, and yet none of them could do anything to stop it. Loki got away, Coulson was dead… They got Barton back, but that bright side completely paled in comparison to what they'd lost. To think, this all could have never happened if they just pulled together and worked as a team, but that was never going to happen. Anyone who even thought for a millisecond that this was going to work was absolutely kidding themselves.
In all honesty, it surprised Tony that it took him this long, too. He wished he could use this sudden onset of a medical condition as an excuse, but, he knew he had to admit that he got a little distracted by Steve. After all, why waste time tracking down a nameless, faceless criminal when you can spend it with a good-looking super soldier that you might have conflicting feelings about? Tony wanted to beam himself off the head for that. He supposed that's why karma had kicked in and he was now getting pelted by the spray of the waves every thirty seconds; death by dramatic irony.
It was silent for another few moments before Steve felt a hand gently set itself on his bicep. Slowly, he made eye contact with Pepper, whom – to her credit – didn't look the least bit pitying.
"I'm your boyfriend," he said. "Of course, I care." Tony frowned and looked unconvinced. "Just tell me what it is. Is it the nightmares? Is that what spurred on all of this on?"
Ignoring how terrible he looked with the black bags under his eyes, Tony pulled the mirror back to open the medicine cabinet. He decided to top the whiskey off with a capful of NyQuil, figuring he could probably use the help falling asleep as well as staying asleep. After that, he rinsed his mouth out with both Listerine and water and took the extra step of brushing his teeth. He hoped that was enough to cover the scent of alcohol, but with Steve's enhanced senses he highly doubted it would make much of a difference.
Clint stared at the spinning wheel on his laptop's screen. The clock in the corner of the screen declared it to be 9:30 PM. Considering the hours' time difference, it should only be 8:30 back at the farm. It was perfect timing. Laura would have put the kids to bed half an hour ago, but she would still probably be up, likely doing schoolwork on the office computer. Although he knew he probably shouldn't be interrupting her study time, it seemed to be the only time they could talk without running the risk of being interrupted by the kids, who he didn't want to mention the D-O-G in front of.
"Well, can you at least tell me what it was about?" Tony shook his head again. "Why not?" Tony tried to stay silent, but the pressure he felt on his chest was overwhelming.
Tony did everything he could to keep himself from stamping his feet up the stairs like a petulant child. If he wasn't convinced that S.H.I.E.L.D. up to something, pulling him back out of the room before he even got a chance to talk to Steve did it. Either this wasn't the real Steve Rogers, or there was something else they didn't want him finding out. …Or he just had a headache and was being overly paranoid, but Tony didn't think that likely. This was S.H.I.E.L.D., the spy agency that doesn't let anyone know anything until it's convenient for them. Yes, he was still bitter over the whole waiting six months to tell him they had the solution to the palladium poisoning while he suffered and showed all the signs of someone who was considering suicide thing, but even if they hadn't pulled that, Tony would still be suspicious. He was suspicious of anyone who asked to access his private files. He had to be. After all, anyone who wanted access to his or his father's designs obviously had less-than good intentions.
"Hey," she said. "It's okay. I'm okay. Why don't we go inside, and I'll fix you a nice cuppa tea? That sound good?" Nina nodded. "Alright, come on. Let's go inside."
Tony walked around the bar a few times, trying to discern the best way of removing the countertop. In the end, he decided to get in front of the bar and tried to pull the countertop forward and down from there. It seemed like the best choice since he had more space in front of the bar to set the countertop down than he did behind it or on either side. That seemed good enough for him. However, what Tony didn't consider that lifting a stone of that weight and unusual shape was a job for two or more able-bodied men. As a result, Tony couldn't manage to distribute his strength properly and ended up dropping the countertop to the ground with a loud
Lara raked her fingers through her braided hair. Her plans had been to order take-out, but it looked like that wasn't happening. She probably should have been more worried about the fact that she couldn't hear or that she could potentially die in a gas explosion, but all-in-all she was just more annoyed than angry. She considered that a win given that a panic attack wasn't triggered by the explosion – or worse, a dissociative episode.
Feeling all the air leave her lungs at once, Lara took a few steps back and momentarily froze up. An unknown number of highly-trained S.H.I.E.L.D. agents against one former Secret Service agent who already had pain in her abdomen flaring up from where her bullet wound scar was. The odds weren't in her favor. She only snapped out of it when she remembered that her best chance to survive was to deny them access to her location. Taking a deep breath, she sprinted down the hall and ran into the first room she saw.
"To…" Knežević paused to think about it for a second. "To the number eight! Thanks for being such a wonderfully symmetrical number!"
"I have some done now if you want them," Bruce said. "I'm just making Lara's fresh." Lara smiled in appreciation.
I think that kind of serves me right for going out so much recently when we're supposed to be on lockdown. I'm starting to get the feeling that once the pandemic has passed, a lot of people are going to get hit with a bunch of minor colds and viruses thanks to not properly socializing for over a year. Oh well, at least I didn't get struck with COVID, right?
"Hold on," she said. "I want to give you this." She held out a piece of paper, and Steve took it to pass to Tony. (The "no handing" rule didn't apply to boyfriends.) Looking at the piece of seashell stationery that had taken from the safe house, he saw a set of numbers written in blue ink. He instantly recognized them to be frequency waves.
Opening the cabinet marked "K-M" Duran flipped through dozens of files before she found the one she almost knew she would find. Written in neat calligraphy at the top of the file was "Knežević, Audrey/Stephanie." It was just more confirmation that the person behind this string of peculiar murders was none other than Vasyl Knežević, the father of the two girls in the file.
"You know," he said. "It's not an uncommon feeling. A lot of people are depressed and have no idea where to go. They need structure in their lives; a strong community of people to back them up. Do you have anything like that, Mr. Stark?"
"He can move," Carol answered. "He can even walk. You have to support him and be mindful of his toes." Bruce turned to Steve.
Eventually, Tony pulled himself up off the floor. He caught sight of himself in the mirror and was startled. He was clearly pale and to some extent he still had the shakes. His eyes were encircled by dark shadows that almost looked like bruises. He touched them gently to make sure that they weren't. The didn't hurt, so he took that as a good sign. However, he could clearly see how people believed that he could possibly be sick. Hell, he almost believed it himself. His hands then went to his jawline. After a week of not shaving, his goatee had grown scruffy. He knew he was going to have to take care of that, but not right now. Instead, he turned and went back to the bedroom.
"Well, it was some ridiculous number," Lara said. "Twenty-five is the lowest I'd wager. I remember seeing the card and starting to bitch about greedy assholes."
"Absolutely not," he firmly denied. "I didn't even know Stark was planning something like that! I thought he was actually drunk!"
"I met him at S.H.I.E.L.D. last Saturday." Pepper raised an eyebrow. "We got to talking and since then I haven't been able to get him off my mind. He called me up on Tuesday and the next thing I knew I was making plans to go out with him. That's why I wasn't at work yesterday. I was flying to New York to see him."
"Yeah," Lara agreed. "I mean, I hate saying it, but Tony better not get sick. That would only add more onto my plate."
"I didn't get anything in the mail from you," Steve said. "You gave me all your presents in person."
There was then a knock at the door, and when no one answered it came open. In walked a woman in a gray dress with her red hair pulled back into a ponytail, the blonde woman from before following close behind. The redheaded woman's face scrunched in confusion as she turned back to the blonde.
"Okay," she said. "That's fine. No hugging's good. Christ, sorry I'm a mess. These guys just broke in and…"
"So do I." Steve pressed his lips to Tony's cheek and gently rubbed a hand up and down his back. For about forty seconds, they enjoyed the soft comfort of the moment and the warm feeling of being in each other's arms. It was quiet; peaceful.
She had a kettle brewing on the stove and was patiently waiting for her bagel to pop out of the toaster when her guest finally stirred. She watched as the older man sat up on the couch and stretched out.
It had to be nothing. Some kid had probably wanted to pull a prank on them or Stark or both and sent a letter full of baby powder in the mail. That was it. They'd all be fine and would go home and laugh about it later. Stark would be fine. Clint would be fine. She wouldn't have to bring any devastating news back to Laura and the kids. They would all be fine. However, she was starting to get the feeling that Steve could tell himself that all the live-long day and that still wouldn't reassure him or calm him down.
Second, he couldn't be around anyone that was sick. Again, his body was still recovering, and his immune system was substantially weakened. He was in no state to be fighting off viral infections and if Clint got sick, the consequences ranged from a bout of pneumonia to death. So, visitors were going to have to be regulated. The good thing was that since he was on bed rest, he wouldn't be out in the public, so that wouldn't be too hard to accomplish. The most that needed to be done was that everyone would have to wash their hands before they interacted with him and not to go near him if they were sick, which was no big deal.
Since she thought it was an emergency and the Avengers needed her there ASAP, Carol had left her burner phone at Maria's house, along with her flight suit and her wrist display. She had her pager on her, but it wasn't compatible for modern texting. She also didn't think to call Maria until she was a block away from the Tower, so it wasn't like she could turn back and ask to use the phone. Luckily, she did somehow manage to find thirty bucks in the back pocket of her jeans, so it wasn't like she was completely stranded. She just had to hope that bus fare was cheap and that she could find a payphone.
"Please," he said. "When have I ever pushed myself too hard." Steve raised his eyebrows, several instances clearly coming to mind. "Don't answer that."
. For a second, he wondered if this is what death was like. He quickly dismissed it though. It may be black, quiet, and cold, but Steve still felt
"It is," Lara said. "And I am filling out Tony's information. …Well, except for his insurance information and social security number. I don't know that. I'm just asking you the questions on this form because how else are you supposed to invasively get to know someone?" Steve didn't have a response to that. "Last name?"
"I can't get ahold of him or Hill. That's why I called you." Jessica took a breath. "I poisoned Iron Man." Carol's face went blank.
Rather than lose himself in useless melancholy, Steve walked over to the table and slid into the seat beside Tony. Slowly, he put a hand on his shoulder, causing Tony to look up.
"Uh, I think Tony wants to talk to you about that himself," Bruce said. "No offense, but it's really only his news to share."
"Not a problem," Mrs. Barnes said. "If you ever need someone to talk to, I'm all ears." Steve's mother nodded and shortly after they left.
Even though he was given more space to roam around, Steve still couldn't wait to go out with Tony. He felt like a caged animal and he was constantly on guard for any S.H.I.E.L.D. agents with ill-intentions. Just getting to leave the building for five minutes would make the night unbelievably amazing. Not that it needed to be amazing, because this wasn't a date.
Salinas lifted Tony's right foot and started to slip one of the socks on it. Despite how sleepy he was, Tony kept a close eye on him. Call him paranoid, but he couldn't shake the feeling that something was wrong. Salinas, however, seemed oblivious to Tony's suspicion.
"Going down there," Drew replied. "I need to say something." She started going down the steps. Tony noticed the way she was leaning heavily against the railing and how her free hand cradled her lower back. She made it down a few steps before Dr. Smith appeared behind her.
He then turned to his left to look across the room. He was a little startled to see that people had moved since he last looked up from the packet. (He must have
. He had a physical body. He may not be able to open his eyes or move any part of it, but he was still aware that he had one.
"That I did, that I did." Tony felt someone tap on his shoulder. Annoyed, he turned back around to look at Romanoff. "You're ruining the moment again."
That aside, that gave him two hours to look through four hours of video footage hoping to catch something from the break-in. He knew the police had probably already gone through it by now, but he still at least wanted it confirmed or denied whether it was an employee once and for all. That way he could just fire them, press charges and be done with it.
"I tried to stop it," he explained. "I told the World Security Council that I would not authorize the use of a nuclear weapon against a civilian population, especially one as big as New York City, but the Council usurped me and ordered the strike anyway. I contacted Stark – who had already been dispatched to the city – told him the situation, and he took it upon himself to fly the missile through the wormhole created by the Tesseract, stopping the invasion in its tracks." Carol raised her eyebrows.
"She wasn't talking," she finally said. "We needed her to talk to have any hope of a chance at saving you."
to. Just get ready, okay?" Steve pressed a kiss to Tony's forehead and Tony grumbled a bit, still reluctant to leave his boyfriend. He forced himself to turn and walk out of the kitchen, though, and on his way out, he noticed that Lara had left her half-eaten plate of toast on the table.
Adoniram couldn't have that. He couldn't have his followers seeing these people as anyone they could look up to.
"I don't think Nat would even care at the time," Clint said. "Doctors weren't the friendliest of faces for her growing up either. She's a lot better with them now than she used to be, but if she were that scared, she'd probably regress." Slowly, Clint's frown flipped upwards into a smile. "It actually makes me feel sorry for the bastards who did this. When she finds them, she's going to go ape shit on them, no holds-barred."
"How do I know you're telling the truth?" The smirk didn't leave the girl's face as she reached into the pocket of her jean shorts and pulled out what looked to be a golden, diamond-encrusted necklace. "Holy shit!" He took the necklace from her and examined it to ensure it was real. As far as he could tell, it was.
He had just about caught up to Knežević when the man turned his head and shot his arm out behind him. He was trying to reach for the Arc Reactor's housing, but Tony realized this and threw his arm in the way before Knežević could touch it. It worked, but unfortunately, it caused another piece of the armor's outer plating to turn to stone. Tony growled in frustration and sent a punch straight to Knežević's gut. He fell backward onto his back, clenching his stomach. After taking two repulsor blasts to the torso, Tony could imagine he was in quite a bit of pain right now.
"So, would I," Tony said. "Unfortunately, they don't sell tickets, and even if they did Barton's not allowed to leave his room right now, so no heists are happening any time soon."
Remember kids, always take your Prozac on time. You will not believe how terrible you will feel if you don't.
"Some chemicals," she shrugged. "Somewhat valuable on their own, but not as much as you might think. It is possible the thieves were planning on making a bomb, but if you wanted to do something like that, you could just pick up some fertilizer from the nearest Lowes. Why bother robbing one of the most highly-secured labs in the United States?"
"If you believe in God why do you tamper with his work?" she asked. "Why did you stop the fated end of days? Why did you purposefully tamper with the gifts he gave you? Why couldn't you make do with what you already had?"
A minute or two later, the elevator came to a halt, and the doors opened into the penthouse. Tony was prepared to give Barton and Romanoff a tour of the place until the second he stepped off the elevator. Then, his stomach gave a violent lurch, and Tony had to think fast before he tossed his cookies across the marble floor. Thankfully, the trash chute was right next to the elevator, so he didn't have to look far.
"Your daughter was killed by the Chitauri," Natasha said. "If she evacuated when the police told her to, I assure you, she would still be alive today."
With that, Tony turned and uncomfortably walked out the door, leaving behind everything he just tried to buy.
"Screw you," was all Oswin could offer in response. She turned and began to stomp down the highway without looking back. Knežević didn't try to chase her further. Instead, he just shouted at her retreating form.
They went straight from the airport to a large complex of buildings east of the Washington Monument. Steve had heard of the Smithsonian institution before but had never seen it for himself. (Mostly because, sadly, the most Steve ever got to see of this country during his days of traveling around selling war bonds were the backstage areas of several theaters and the insides of numerous hotel rooms.) When he and Tony got out of the car, he noticed that the place was a bit more deserted than it probably should be.
"That shouldn't be possible. Maybe I just need to change my definition of possible." Steve couldn't agree more with that sentiment. "God, I remember my dad and Aunt Peggy…"
"Yup." Steve glanced at Tony to make sure his speaking hadn't roused him. Luckily, he was still asleep. "What's going on?"
"I worked as a security guard at the Diablo Canyon Nuclear Power Plant back in the 90's," he explained. "My first week I got locked out of the control room and I didn't want to be fired for being so incompetent that I couldn't remember a stupid door code. The locks were Stark keypad locks with ten-digit codes. I entered every combination of numbers I could think of before I stumbled upon the factory override code."
"I should have been more specific," Fury said. "I meant that you could talk to him as soon as the doctor gave us the okay for him to have visitors."
"I just wanted to check on you," she said. "It didn't look like you were feeling all that well at dinner and when you walked out of the party I knew something was wrong."
"Stark," Salinas said. "The Avengers as a whole, S.H.I.E.L.D., a combination of all three? I don't know. It could be any of them. All I know is that it can't be a coincidence that I find this in my house right after Stark disappears." Adoniram's mouth formed a hard line.
It was then that Tony noticed that the holographic screen was still up. Knowing that JARVIS would still run the scans even if the screen wasn't up, Tony swiped the screen away, turning it off.
Tony looked at her, completely stunned. He couldn't figure out why she was the one apologizing. He was the one who had done something wrong. If anything, he was the one who should be apologizing not only to her but to everyone else for that matter. Shockingly, despite this, he found himself looking her in the eye and saying "yes." Natasha nodded in response.
"Got it," Lara said as she got up and started heading for the door. Tony felt Steve's hand return to his back.
"Caleb Subarian," she said. "He's one of our heads of R&D and he wanted to expand our area of research from over-the-counter pharmaceuticals to preventative medicines."
"Whatever you say." Tony returned the glass to the kitchen and then headed back towards the front door. Conroy followed him.
That's when his mind drifted to the neatly folded pieces of paper in his pocket. While he had no access to any hazardous chemicals from behind bars, he did have access to several books on the subject and he read every single one he could get his hands on as many times as he could. He took notes and studied them almost religiously. He now knew exactly how certain chemicals reacted with each other and how; which ones ended in good results and which ones ended in a horrific explosion. Through his research, he believed to have discovered a new type of chemical compound not yet being utilized for any known purpose. It was all right there in those notes. He just needed proof that this compound was viable in practice, not just theory.
"I know," he said. "We're just stalling the inevitable." Lara walked over to the door, her hand on the knob.
"Are you going to lay on top of me until I do?" Amusement colored Steve's voice, causing the corners of Tony's lips to rise upwards.
The man, however, was not going to let them pass by without sharing a few words. Just as Clint was pulling open the access door for the stairs, the man spoke up.
"Steve, look at me." She waited for him to make eye-contact. When he continued to stare at the wall beside them, she shook his shoulder. "That's not a request. Look at me." Steve turned his head and looked her in the eye. His eyes were red and glassy with sickness, making the blue of his irises stand out even more. "Listen, I'm sorry you overheard that conversation. That wasn't something we wanted you kids to hear. That's why we sent you outside, but you must understand something; that wasn't a regular hospital I was working at, it was an asylum. Do know what that is?" Steve shook his head no. "An asylum is a place where they send people who have something wrong with their heads and need other people to take care of them. Lunatics, schizophrenics, the retarded, queers… They're sent there to keep them from hurting themselves or others. All of the people there are sick and they're not going to get better."
Anyway, as a result of this obsession, I've been neglecting to actually write anything, which is bad if I want to finish this fic any time soon. I'm already frustrated because I'm on chapter FIFTY-FIVE and still nowhere near done. I thought this was going to be the faster, easier, streamlined version, but apparently not. As of March 10th I'll have officially been writing this fic for two years and as much as I love this world and the characters, I just want to be done so I can take a break for a bit. I need that. Why can't I let myself have that?
"Oh, you know," he said. "I was out enjoying the sights. I hear Times Square is lovely this time of year."
Slowly, Steve stepped back into the room and shut the door. He made his way to the other side of the bed and sat on the edge. Tony patted the space next to him, giving Steve permission to lay down as well.
"Here's your damn burgers, Stark." Tony took the bag from the agent and checked to make sure that everything he ordered was in there. It was, but Tony still had to mess with the guy.
The world kept changing, flashing back and forth. One second, Clint would be watching his home and family being destroyed; the next, he would be in a room made up of sharp pinks and electric blues, edges thrumming on green. In this world, a huge group of people was surrounding him, trying to insert needles and whispering in menacing voices phrases like "we only want to help, Agent Barton," and "please, you need to rest, let us help you get back to sleep." There was only one voice in and amongst that mess that he recognized, and he was greatly relieved when he heard it.
"What?" Lara said, taking a step back to allow Freeman to come in. "What happened?" The man didn't elaborate; just spoke over her.
"There's still a chance that his son still has access to the files," Coulson suggested. "It's worth a shot." Fury nodded in agreement.
They spent much of the afternoon and night sleeping and chatting. The conversations weren't too heavy – given that neither of them felt like crying again – just about whatever came to mind. No one disturbed them. Natasha came in to give them their dinner, but she didn't say much and made herself scarce as fast as possible. It was just them being quiet and holding each other close. After the day they had, it was the kind of peaceful night they deserved. It was nice.
"But do you think this is going to help me?" Steve could see the fear in Tony's eyes. He knew Tony was just as scared as he was, and the last thing he wanted to do was led him astray, especially knowing what the consequences that were on the table.
When Carol walked back into the room, Dr. Smith was already conducting her examination. Fury was nowhere to be found, but Carol figured Smith asked him to keep an eye on Jessica while she checked on Stark. The questions Smith was asking Stark led Carol to believe that she was trying to rule out Irukandji Syndrome once and for all. Given Stark's answers, Carol was sure that he hadn't been affected by the poison at all.
"I'm aware," he confirmed. "Please tell me you've been doing something to prevent harm from befalling him."
"Hello," Bruce said. "My name is Dr. Bruce Banner. I'm also the Hulk." He said that last part warily as if worried about the crowd's reaction. Luckily, this crowd had left the pitchforks and torches at home. After all, it would be hard to clap with those things occupying your hands. Bruce's eyebrows raised in surprise at the generally positive reaction and shyly he raised his hand and gave a little wave to the crowd. "Um, a fact about myself…" Bruce's eyes scanned the crowd. Tony noticed that they fell on the fifth row, left-hand side. "One time in college I handed in a term paper that was written backward and in Latin, and still somehow managed to get an 'A' on it." The crowd – and the one person Bruce was looking at in particular – cracked up at that. It only got worse when Bruce added: "it gets more puzzling when you realize that this was before the internet and the professor in question didn't understand Latin." Once the laughter died down, Joe the presenter spoke up again.
"Thank you." Waylon nodded and began dialing extension numbers. Pepper turned back to face Dr. Griffith. "What was taken? Do you know?"
want to have to break that up." Tony wanted to respond with an obscene gesture but decided to let it go. He had already won the war. No need to rub her face in it.
Almost immediately after the thought occurred to him, a shiny glint of red caught his eye. Walking over to a series of tubes, wires, and metal parts that Tony had stacked up in one corner, Steve could see a familiar(ish) shape amidst whatever disassembled mess this was. Reaching in and freeing the piece of metal from the pile, Steve could see that it was his shield. Well, at least a replica of it. It's heavier weight and the layers of ripped-apart metal made it clear that it wasn't made of vibranium. Inspecting it carefully, Steve realized that it probably wouldn't work in the flying discus way he usually threw it, but it would still at the very least hold up if somebody tried to get between him and Tony.
Tony walked over to the window that overlooked the interrogation room-turned intensive care unit. The man who was supposedly Captain Steve Rogers still laid inert in his hospital bed, but a lot had changed in the man's surroundings since Tony last looked in. The heat lamps had been removed from the room and it looked like they had been replaced by heat packs covering the entirety of the man's body.
"Have fun," Bergeron said sarcastically as Duran hung up the phone. He then went back to work, grumbling about how that phone call was a waste of his time.
Lara walked over to get a look for herself, taking out a random file and flipping through it. Indeed, it appeared to be a series of documents relating to the prior incident.
First, he secured his make-shift rope to one of the legs of the bed and opened his bedroom window. Carefully, he unscrewed the screen and threw the other end of the rope out. It ended up just barely being long enough to safely reach the alleyway below. Next, he gently knocked over some lamps – guiding them carefully to the ground so that way they wouldn't smash and cause him to owe the hotel more money than he would ever see in his life and tossed some throw pillows around the room. He also to a moment to flip over an armchair that sat in the corner of the room.
"You, too." She then made her way to the door but paused as she came to stand in the frame. She turned to look back at him. "By the way, text me in thirty minutes." Tony's brow scrunched in confusion.
"Well, your brain is wrong," Tony said. "I know you have a lot of internalized homophobia, but please trust me when I say it's a lot safer now than it was even just ten years ago. I've been out of the closet for almost seventeen years and the worst that's happened was the public humiliation I faced when it first happened. That's it. Granted, I did have the privilege of not having to worry about losing my job or my lifestyle, but still…"
On the floor, he found Tony's blazer, socks, and shoes discarded near the tub. Picking up the blazer, Steve felt around in the pockets and found Tony's cell phone and wallet. The wallet still had Tony's cash and credit cards inside, along with his key to the hotel room. That came as a small relief. Without money or shoes, he couldn't have gotten far. Quickly running over a list of hiding places within the suite, Steve was floored when he turned around and saw Lara standing directly in his path.
"Don't try that with me," Mrs. Barnes warned. "You still stuck your fingers in your sister's ear! She could have gone deaf! I don't care if it's 'just a wet willy," I don't care if she wasn't hurt, I don't care if she bit Steve! She's being punished for her actions, but that doesn't excuse your actions! You do not treat your sister or any other woman like that! Do you understand?"
. The doctor apologized for it, though, mostly because the process had rendered Clint unable to speak. Clint signaled that he was fine with it, and then started signing, hoping that someone would recognize what he was doing and help him out.
Rhodey had made them breakfast that morning. Steve tried to insist that he was their guest and he didn't have to do that, but Rhodey was hearing none of it, which Tony was grateful for. (Mostly because he didn't have the heart to tell his boyfriend that no, he didn't want eggs
When she tried it on Friday, she encountered no problems. Granted, the People's Unity Church hadn't been there that day, so there hadn't been a point to it, but at least she wasn't attacked and mugged. This time she was hoping that things would go much the same. They didn't.
"Hilarious," Tony said with an amused smirk on his face. "But seriously, I have fifteen minutes. What do you want to talk about?"
Steve glanced back over to Natasha. As their eyes connected, they exchanged determined, knowing nods before springing back into the fight. Steve had no idea if this would work, but they still had to try. None of them were going to let the Earth go down without a fight.
Tony wasted no time in transferring the sensor from his finger to Conroy's. The heart monitor flatlined for a moment, but thankfully it was short enough that it could be written off as the sensor being accidentally jostled. Once the sensor was securely on Conroy's finger, she moved to help Tony out of bed. He had to admit he didn't feel at one-hundred percent, but he was steadier on his feet than earlier.
"But you're not the only people out there, are you?" Fury countered. "And you're not the only threat. The world's filling up with people who can't be matched, that can't be controlled."
"No!" Lara shrilly screamed as she rushed forward, presumably to stop Stark. "Don't touch anything! Let's just get out of here! We need to call 911
The first procedure was a measurement of his temperature. The basic principle was the same, but the instrument looked completely different than the thermometers he was used to. Dr. Fox explained that the small, thin, metal rod went under his tongue and told the box-like device what his temperature through a wire that connected the two. The concept reminded Steve of something that someone (probably Howard) had shown him; these big towering machines that could calculate huge numbers far more efficiently than the human brain and that could "talk" to each other.
"I… Don't think I have insurance?" He wasn't entirely sure on that. Supposedly the Army was going to take care of all his medical expenses for the rest of his life, but that might not still stand. After all, he was still technically considered legally dead.
The camera panned to show Pepper, Freeman, Cabe, and a few others stepping onto the platform which the podium stood on. They took seats just to the right of the podium while a representative from S.H.I.E.L.D. got behind it. Again, nothing was said that Lara didn't already know, so she took the moment to study the others.
Unfolding it, she quickly found it to be a pair of underwear. Women's underwear to be specific. The kinda professional stripper or someone a little bit more illegal than a stripper would wear. Although Lara herself sometimes liked to wear a little more risqué undergarments, she knew for a fact that these weren't hers.
"But did I? Tony, look at me." Tony hesitated before complying. Once again, he was completely mesmerized by the clear conviction in Steve's blue eyes. "Did I?"
"I feel like my skull's been cracked open," he said. "And I just went on a three-hour tour of the harbor that went haywire, but I can still say that I'm better than I was twenty-four hours ago."
"We ordered shawarma from the restaurant down the street," Natasha explained, and Pepper crinkled her nose.
"Did anyone at Stark Industries know about your affiliation with the Church before they fired you?" Adoniram asked.
"Alright, I understand I made a mistake. I'm sorry." Despite the apology, he didn't drop the condescending tone. "I assure you, though, Congressman Salinas' intentions were good. He only wanted to help Stark in his time of need."
"Don't hand me things," he grumbled as he stepped away from the door. Lara followed him inside and shut it. Tony powered on the phone and was about to ask for the specific phone number when his ears were suddenly assaulted by the sound of mid-80s pop rock.
"If I could tell you, I would," he said. "But honestly, I don't think I know the answer to that question myself."
"How is this not a suitable home?" Knežević gestured to the rather spacious ranch-style house behind him. "Everything's clean, they have their own rooms, they're always fed and clothed, I make sure Audrey gets to school on time and does her homework…"
However, he was certain that Barton was, in fact, infected. Other than the near suffocation and intubation, Tony had noticed that he hadn't been feeling well. Barton's nose was stuffed up, his voice was raspy, he broke out in coughing fits, and he had spent most of the time that they had been quarantined sleeping. Although he couldn't see him, Tony could imagine that Barton looked terrible. Hearing the doctors' assessment of Barton's condition only solidified the idea in his mind.
"It's alright," Tony assured. "Even if you didn't lock the door correctly, there were at least sixteen other security protocols that should have kicked in the second an unidentified person set foot on the property, let alone got in the house. It's not your fault."
"Yup," Carol said, popping the "p." "Then you crawled back into bed and slept for thirty minutes. I'm glad you're up, though. I won't have to carry you bridal-style again."
"Uh, yeah," the man said as he started lifting the mask off Steve's face. "You probably want this off." The man reached behind his head to pull off the elastics that secured the mask to his face. Steve took in a nice deep breath of fresh air. It felt amazing. "I don't know if it's okay to take this off. Just say something if you feel like you're asphyxiating."
"Alright." Clint's eyes looked out and carefully scanned the crowd as if searching for some sort of threat. He must have been reassured that there was none because after that silent moment he went ahead and did as he was told. "My name is Clint Barton. You all probably know me better as Hawkeye, and a random fact about myself… My favorite movie is
Tony looked up just in time to see Lara sliding into the barstool on the other side of him. True to her word, she was wearing Sketchers and leggings, along with a blue tunic dress and her hair loose for once. Tony narrowed his eyes at her.
"Mr. Stark, get back into bed, now!" Tony turned to see Dr. Smith entering the room, wearing a much heavier protective suit than before. This only served to worry Tony further.
"No," Bruce said. "But then again, I don't leave the tower much. I just know what I've heard from Tony and Lara."
"Hey, I would proudly die for this dog," Clint said as he took Steve's hand. "He's the best boy and deserves all of the protection and love in this world."
"Excuse me, sir," the wet-eared newbie said. "But this is a closed crime scene. You can't be here…" Tony held up his driver's license and the staff ID/master keycard that positively identified him as STARK, ANTHONY EDWARD. The kid nervously gulped and stuttered as he tried to apologize. "I'm sorry, Mr. Stark. I didn't mean…"
"I guess," he said. "Again, I haven't looked to see exactly what's inside of there. I am just assuming given the timing. It might not be Avengers-related at all."
) However, she doubted he told Pepper anything about it (out of respect for her privacy more than anything) and she didn't think "I thought you were going to kill me" was a valid excuse for attacking a superior. (It wasn't at the real estate company she worked at immediately after the Secret Service.) So, essentially, Lara was expecting to be fired right that instant.
human," Carol explained. "But then I stood too close to an alien device when it exploded, and my DNA was sort of trans-mutated. Now genetically speaking, I am half human and half of a species called the Kree, which is why I'm able to do that stuff and more."
"I want to run something by you," Steve said. "Can you hear me out?" Tony slowly let a breath out through his nose.
"Alright, good," Tony said. "JARVIS put on my random mix and keep the volume low. I think both of us would appreciate that."
They stood in silence for the rest of the ride, letting the emotional weight sink in. Heading back to Clint's room, the pizzas received mostly positive reviews and were eaten rather quickly, thanks to the three people with altered metabolisms. Clint was able to eat a couple of slices, but he ended up giving most of his share to the dog, much to Natasha's chagrin. ("What? He clearly likes pizza!")
"I'll show you how." Steve could hear the smile in her tone. Even in these circumstances, she could still smile. He could feel his fear ease a tiny bit as he took comfort in that fact. He hoped she'd still be able to smile afterward, too. "Just be there."
"It's like a surprise party, but instead of cake and presents, you get yelled at and sent to treatment in Florida." Lara's explanation only served to confuse Steve further. Bruce sighed.
Yay! Finally some Steve/Tony interaction! Granted, they're not exactly being too friendly with each other at the moment. I wonder why that is?
The rest of the meeting passed uneventfully compared to Tony's emotional announcement at the beginning. They discussed the logistics of how they would interact with S.H.I.E.L.D. – which was important since most of them were not quite sure of how things would proceed given what had happened in D.C. and with the bio-terror attack shortly after. Apparently, because Clint was on bed rest, the entirety of the Avengers Initiative had been put on hold. At least, that's how Natasha put it. Fury wanted all of them to be at one hundred percent before they officially started going on missions. The amount of emphasis she put on the word "all" made it clear that Clint was not the only one Fury was concerned about, making Tony's announcement actually perfectly timed.
"Brother Daniel?" she questioned. "As in Daniel Adoniram?" Carol didn't think it possible, but the woman's smile got wider as she nodded in confirmation.
Again, he tried opening his eyes, this time putting all his concentration into it. Slowly, a crack began to form, and light seeped through. With a little more effort, it got wider, and the world came into focus. Given that he was still being forced to lay on his back, the only things he could see looking straight-on were the blacklights above him. However, if he strained his gaze over to the corner of his eye, he could see the top of Natasha's redhead very clearly. Slowly she moved so that way she was standing over him, giving him a clear view of her face.
"The media wants to make a whole spectacle of it," Lara shrugged. "Interviews, parties, yadda, yadda. It's the first time you're all going to be mostly together since New York, too, so that kind of adds to it. Plus, it would probably be easier for Barton and Romanoff to fly out to D.C. and fly back with us than doing a back-and-forth thing."
Since Tony finished fast, he could leave the table. He headed straight for Steve, who was seated just a few tables away. Getting close, Tony frowned when he heard the conversation.
"Stark's missing?" Steve resisted the urge to groan. The exasperation and worry were starting to get to him.
"Just wondering," Steve said. "I know you had nightmares last night and you weren't too agreeable this morning…"
"I put him in the bedroom over there." Carol pointed it out to Jessica and the two of them went inside. There, they found that Stark had rolled over onto his side and had pulled the quilt and the blue blanket closer around him but was still out like a light.
Almost as soon as they arrived at New Horizon's Labs, Natasha jumped out of the car. They had overheard Hill's communications with the S.T.R.I.K.E. team and knew that they were not supposed to proceed in their search of the building until she got there. However, the S.T.R.I.K.E. team had already spoken to the building's security. They had confirmed that Subarian was inside and got information about where he was likely to be. They also quietly locked down the entire facility. The only clearly accessible way was through the front doors, and if Subarian tried to flee, he'd just run straight into S.H.I.E.L.D.
"If it's all the same to you," he found himself saying. "I'll have that drink now." The Hulk gave out what seemed to be a snort of indignation, but the rest seemingly gave no response, just stared daggers at him for a few seconds. Eventually, the Hawkeye lowered his bow and the Black Widow handed the scepter over to Thor. Within seconds, each of them was grabbing one of his arms and pinning them behind his back.
Please, seriously, you can't kill me yet! If you kill me you're not going to get the next chapter and then you'll be forever stuck in limbo never knowing whether or not Tony's okay! Truthfully, I didn't want to end the chapter here. I wanted to end it with a definitive answer, but I just HAD to get dangerously close to my word limit (I try to end chapters before I hit six-thousand words because I know I don't want to read a chapter that long, do you?) so I had no choice but to end it here and continue the rest in a later chapter. I hope no one's too mad at me! ...Yes, I see your cursor hovering over the TOR icon. Don't do it!
Tony looked up just in time to see the shock etched on Pepper's face as she slid through the door and into the room. She could not open it all the way because there were a couple of boxes placed in front of it. Both were marked as "S.H.I.E.L.D." and "Deliver to the care of Anthony Stark." They were only placed in front of the door because it was the only few square inches of the floor not covered by paper. Pepper looked around, mouth agape, before looking right at Tony.
Lara was dead tired. She had been working this counterfeiting case for weeks and just two days ago she had gotten the break she needed. She hadn't been home since then and the most sleep she had gotten was a forty-five-minute nap at her desk somewhere around three AM on Friday. It was now edging close to five o'clock in the evening on Saturday. The sooner she got some food in her and into bed, the better.
"Yeah," Stark said. "Then she and Steve will track down the bastards who did this to us and give them hell."
"Safe," she assured. "The Calvary has the situation under control." Clint's face filled with relief.
"Asian Duran! That's your name! I knew I knew it!" Jessica frowned. She didn't remember slurred speech as being one of the symptoms of Irukandji Syndrome, but she supposed everyone reacts differently. Biting her lip, she glanced down the hallway, checking if Salinas was there.
"Hello?" The woman's voice on the other end of the line sounded familiar, but Knežević had to be sure.
Heading in the direction she thought she needed to go, Carol found herself hoping for a coincidence. However, deep down she knew that there was no way that could possibly be. "Kree" wasn't in any way a common part of the Terran lexicon, and if Carol had it her way, it never would be.
"Sir, I couldn't find any results for the name you asked me to search for, but while searching for law enforcement databases it came to my attention that the FBI put out a BOLO for a man they believe to be involved with the Stark Industries robbery." Tony's eyes went wide and he immediately tuned away from Steve.
"Yes," Fury said. "And I was hoping you'd explain to me what in the hell happened." Jessica swallowed hard.
"I'm sorry for deceiving you." Stark's eyes widened, but Natasha remained unphased. "I'm sorry for psychologically profiling you without your knowledge. I am sorry for injecting you with drugs without telling you what they were first. I am sorry I let things get so out of hand at that party. I am sorry I tried to stab you when you and Lara tried to wake me up at the hotel. I am sorry I left you at the bar at the Gala. I am also sorry for the way I acted after the bio-terror attack. If there is anything I am missing, just say so now."
Tony heard a pair of feet approaching him. Assuming it to be Salinas, Tony brought the glass back up to his lips, pouring the rest of the water into his mouth and swallowing it in a few gulps.
"I just need to do something really quick," Tony said. "I'll be right back." He started to go down the hallway again, but Steve was right behind him.
Tony had initially written off that "moving forward" speech back at the museum as a side effect of the delirium of being this sick, but the more he thought about it, the more he agreed with it. He did like Steve. Whether as a friend or something more had yet to be determined, but in the end he held no ill will towards the Captain. He'd probably hold a little resentment for the fact that he could never do anything to be as good as Captain America in his father's eyes, but that was a problem he had with Howard, not with Steve. He wanted to have Steve in his life. Unfortunately, S.H.I.E.L.D. might have taken that opportunity away from him before he even had a chance to make things right.
"So, are you still going to hold off on asking questions?" Tony turned to look at Steve, who shrugged.
"True enough." The woman tucked a strand of loose hair behind her ear. "So, how am I playing this? What are my orders?"
"They didn't say anything about him." Pepper shrugged. "I'm sure he's fine. They probably just want to double check all the tests since he was the one who opened the letter." Lara nodded, but couldn't help but be skeptical of that dismissal. She was startled out of her concern by Freeman clapping his hands behind her.
Carol nodded and put her arm around Jessica, helping her stand. As she led her up the stairs to one of the bedrooms Carol couldn't help but notice that Jess kept trying to take the weight off of her, probably either erroneously thinking she was fine and trying to stand on her own, or just plain didn't want to be a burden. Carol rolled her eyes.
Despite all that, the next chapter should be coming out tomorrow. I also have enough chapters pre-prepared to keep uploading throughout January, but after that, I'll be going on yet another hiatus. This one will be a little more sporadic than the last, mainly because I still plan on updating on days of major Marvel releases like WandaVision, The Falcon and the Winter Soldier, Loki, and Black Widow (provided they're not all pushed back again by COVID.) I think another part of the problem with writing this fic is that we didn't get much in the way of new MCU content in 2020 thanks to the pandemic, so inspiration was a little hard to come by. I think my most productive weeks were when Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. was airing. After that, I just hit a slump I couldn't pull myself out of.
"I know." She moved her head so Clint could hear her clearly but kept it at an angle where he would not be able to see most of her face. "I know, but it hurt. It really hurt. I wasn't expecting…"
"My girlfriend?" Clint broke out into a cold sweat. (At least, he would have if he wasn't already sweating. Instead the rate of which he was perspiring just increased.) He wondered for a moment how Stark could have possibly known about Laura before he realized that he couldn't have. His brain made the connections and realized who he was talking about. "Do you mean Natasha?"
For a moment, Carol allowed herself to hope that this person was the doctor, but they were dashed when she saw that the woman was wearing a blazer and a matching pencil skirt instead of the expected lab coat and scrubs. Carol frowned as she continued her appraisal. The woman looked the same age Carol was supposed to and had graying hair tied up in a tight bun. She put on a reassuring façade, but the coldness of her eyes cut right through it. Already, Carol didn't like her.
"Last night, Tony got upset with me," Steve said. "I'd say it was a fight, but he was completely drunk and didn't know what he was saying. Either way, he ended up locking himself in the bathroom. I waited in front of the door for him all night, but I fell asleep. He must have snuck out while I was asleep. Have you seen him?" Bruce shook his head.
"What I'm saying, Mr. Stark, is that it's entirely possible that there was a data breach like the one you described, and you were unable to detect it." Tony's gaze became increasingly harder with every word that Schaffer spoke. "I mean, your whole system relies upon the idea that idea that no one can outsmart the great Anthony Stark…"
"Well, unless the driver of our limousine decides to take a sharp right off of a freeway overpass, I don't see that happening." Tony made sure he said that extra loud so that way their driver could hear him through the privacy shade. Apparently, the driver didn't have the same death wish they had. Tony felt a warm hand slide into his own.
Before he could, though, he saw movement on the screen and hit the play button. Although he did not really want to watch someone die, he had to find out if this was really what he was seeing before he called the authorities. He and Tony once watched a Japanese horror film called
The therapist's office wasn't too far away – just up and across a few blocks from the Tower – but they were going to drive there anyway, mostly because it was February and none of them felt like freezing to death on the walk over. They were, however, going to at least try to be environmentally conscious by all going in the same car. The five of them would be going into the office together, with Steve, Rhodey, Pepper, and Happy acting as moral support (and deterrence against running away at the last possible second.) Natasha, Bruce, and Clint would be staying back, but they did wish Tony good luck the night before, and Bruce even offered to have lunch ready by the time they got back. So, that was something to look forward to at least.
Well, not all the nightmares. At some point – Tony honestly didn't know when because he had finally lost all concept of time – Dr. Smith came into the room, noticeably without any protective gear on. Tony knew what that meant.
"No," she said. "All of this came from that." She gestured to the Miniature Arc Reactor in Tony's chest. The thing was truly a breakthrough in modern science in more ways than one. Firstly, it was the first clean energy generator of that size to ever be constructed and function properly, which was amazing when you considered that Tony only constructed the first model while being held captive in Afghanistan with nothing but a handful of scraps. Secondly, it ran off a newly-discovered element that Tony managed to synthesize himself in his basement with (an admittedly crudely constructed) particle accelerator. So yes, Pepper was right in saying that the construction of Stark Tower wouldn't have happened without those two major breakthroughs, but she was still somewhat wrong.
"I just did." Within seconds, Tony was in the air. The Chitauri tried to drag him back down into the fight, but he shook them off and started on the warpath to intercept that missile. Within seconds, Natasha's voice came over the comms.
"Well, I hope you enjoyed it because I don't think I can put in a repeat performance tonight." Tony pinched the bridge of his nose with one hand and rubbed his temple with the other. Despite the pain, he knew that one more thing still needed to be said. "I know you don't want to be in a relationship with me. I've accepted that. I'd still like to be friends, though, if you want. I've missed you, Pepper."
"Yeah," he said as he took the bottle from Steve. He struggled a little to get the bottle open but managed to do it without help. He carefully poured the liquor into the tiny plastic cup, worried that his hand would tremble and cause it to overflow. Satisfied with the amount, Tony handed the bottle back to Steve and brought the cup to his lips.
"What do you mean the beach is…" That's all Tony heard coming out of Steve's mouth before everything went dark.
"Save it," Steve commanded. "Loki's going to keep this fight focused on us, and that's what we need. Without him, these things could run wild. We've got Tony up top. He's going to need us to…" The sound of an engine approaching cut Steve off. Turning around, he saw none other than Dr. Banner approaching on a motorcycle, coming to a stop a few feet away. The group went over to meet him.
"Do it." Tony raised his left arm and fired a repulsor blast at Knežević just as the man was going to lunge for him again. Knežević was knocked back, hit his head on one of the rocks, and fell into the water. Tony legitimately thought for a second that he killed the guy, but he was quickly proven wrong. Knežević's head bobbed up out of the water and he appeared to be doggy-paddling back to shore. Tony began running across the shoreline after him.
"Because if I tell you, you won't believe me," Fury said. "Hell, I'm not even sure showing you will get you to believe me.
"It shouldn't have happened in the first place," Schaffer argued. "How can we trust that it won't happen again?"
"I've had high-profile patients before, Mr. Stark," she assured. "I've never had a problem with the press; not even once."
"Unfortunately, no," JARVIS said. "I believe S.H.I.E.L.D. is jamming his cellular phone's signal. I will be unable to inform him of the situation until he either leaves or puts on the Iron Man armor."
They both waited a minute or so to see if there would be aftershocks. When none were immediately forthcoming, they rose to their feet slowly.
"Really?" she said. "Are you sure you don't want to go somewhere more comfortable? Get some rest?" Tony shook his head.
"Blasting," Carol offered. "Energy absorption, lifting incredibly heavy things… You name it, I can probably do it."
"So, does this mean that you're gay or a transvestite now?" Lara knew that was the wrong sort of question to ask someone if you were in that sort of situation. However, she knew he was lying, and she wanted him to knock it off and get a bit of a reaction out of him. "I mean, I'm your wife. I think I have the right to know."
Steve was shocked. Not only had he never heard anyone say anything like that to anyone, let alone him, but he certainly hadn't expected Tony to say he liked him… Albeit, as a friend as Tony, had most definitely meant platonically, but he still said he liked him. Truth be told, he did want to get into bed with Tony he just worried about either getting caught or Tony waking up and regretting it in the morning.
Not only that but in all honesty, Tony just wanted to distance himself from what had happened over the past few days. Going home seemed to be the best way to do that. So, he tried to argue in favor of going back to New York. The others were skeptical, worried about what would happen if he took a turn for the worse mid-flight. Tony tried to assure them that he would be fine, but his assurances seemed to fall on deaf ears. It wasn't until they got a knock on the door that everyone was compelled to change their minds.
Truth be told, he wasn't afraid of being thrown into the asylum anymore. If he was deemed a danger to himself and others, they would more likely put a bullet in his head than lock him up. That, to him, was more merciful. Besides, it wasn't like anyone knew. The only person he had ever told was Peggy. If he was going to spend the rest of his life with her like he dreamed, then she had a right to know. She was understandably shocked at first, but she eventually recovered and promised not to tell anyone. He knew she would never in her life go back on her word, especially to him, so he felt safe that no one knew, and no one would ever know. Other than that, he didn't tell anyone, not even Bucky – the closest thing he had to a brother.
"Why don't you get settled on the couch? I'll take care of this." Steve gestured to their uneaten food and Tony gave him a quizzical look.
"Yeah, I did," he admitted. "I'm also not surprised at all that you're the one voicing this to me. Suspicious is your middle name."
"You sure?" Steve asked. "You disappeared for a moment there and ever since you got back you've been in this mood."
"Last year," Fury said. "Earth had a visitor from another planet who had a grudge match that leveled a small town. We learned that not only are we not alone, but we are hopelessly, hilariously, outgunned."
"I assume," Tony said. "Light her up!" Pepper nodded and hit a few buttons on the console in front of her. Just then the tower's floors began to light up a handful at a time. Tony couldn't help the sense of pride swelling up when the bright blue letters spelling out "STARK" finally came to life.
"It appears the facility has been broken into." Tony's eyes went wide, and his breath escaped his lungs. "The LA County Sherriff's Department, FBI, and ATF have been contacted. The complex is under a code blue lockdown situation."
"Yeah, but you've never had me before," Tony pointed out. "You don't understand what you've gotten into. I mean, I'm
"So, I take it he's just inviting us in to attack him?" Tony questioned. "Classy, but I suppose I might as well take him up on the offer." Right as he said that, one of the repulsor jets near his feet briefly went out before sputtering back to life. "Not like I have much of a choice."
"Right," Tony said. "Don't be surprised if they won't let me back in there." Fury narrowed his eye at him.
"It makes her a little more sensitive to certain things," Carol added. "Certain herbs, spices… Pesticides particularly."
"I had some reprieve," Tony said. "My mom when she was around, Jarvis, Ana, Aunt Peggy, but they couldn't always make things better."
It took less than two minutes for Steve to take care of everything before climbing in on the other side of the bed. Within an instant, Tony was curling up against his side and pressing yet another kiss to his cheek.
"No, Brother. That's all I have." For a moment, Adoniram raised an eyebrow. Something in the way he said that didn't sound convincing like he was holding something back. However, Adoniram didn't want to question Freeman further. He just wanted him out of his sight.
Adoniram was shocked. He had no idea how to respond to such an attack. That was until he remembered a specific project the Church had been working on. He realized that would be perfect. A response as old as civilization itself. The old Hammurabi Code; an eye for an eye.
"I didn't," she said. "It went on like that for two weeks. My parents were worried sick. They called the police and had all of Blackpool out searching for me. Little did they know, I was right under their noses. Whenever this ability or whatever it wears off, I was in a huge heap of trouble. Everyone thought I had run away from home. No one believed me when I tried to explain what happened, not even my parents… The worst part was that it just kept happening. I'd go days without being noticed by anyone and I'd just go crazy. A lot of times I took it out on my parents and I really regret that, especially when Mum…"
Nothing was said as the two went about their assigned tasks. Oswin could be heard through the laptop's speakers lifting stuff and moving as swiftly as possible to be able to meet Knežević on time. Knežević, meanwhile, was forced to move slowly through the city blocks as not to draw attention to himself. Going eighty in a twenty-five would attract police attention, so he obeyed the posted speed limit.
"Oh God, no," Tony said. "I'd be terrible at the whole international spies/espionage thing. Besides, my face is far too recognizable. I run… Well, I used to run the company my father started. I'm not used to not being able to say that. Pepper does that now."
Cabe ran into the shot, going right up to Freeman and whispering what Lara could only assume to be threats. Lara squeezed her eyes shut and almost covered her ears. She wasn't sure she wanted to hear what came next.
"No," Thor assured. "We can, together." Loki looked at his brother as the dam began to burst. Within seconds his right hand shot out, his knife going straight into Thor's side. He couldn't remember what he'd been thinking about before, all that he did know was that Thor tried to appeal to him again and he just didn't want to hear it.
"I think that's an understatement." Steve then unwrapped his burger and took a bite. When he made a strange face, Tony began scanning the room for a waste bin.
Steve turned his gaze to Tony, silently pleading for him to do something. Tony gave him a small smile and tried to step closer but was stopped by the other doctors. That dashed his spirits a little bit, but he still managed to look reassuring.
"I made alterations to the diseases," he said. "One of which was to accelerate the speed at which the diseases – specifically the Ebola – progressed."
"Look," she said. "I know you need to cover your ass legally, but this is a serious situation. If you're willing to overlook the warrant issue for right now and show us the footage, we can get you one retroactively." The concierge paused for a moment to think that offer over.
"I won't," he assured. "Not unless you tell me to." Tony reflected that grin and placed a hand on Steve's shoulder, pulling it down his arm until he reached his hand and their fingers intertwined.
"So," Knežević said. "Let's go over this plan one more time. You're going to walk in there and gain access to one of their chemical engineering labs and you're going to have me identify the chemicals over the phone?"
"In about thirty seconds, almost all of the utilities to the penthouse will be cut off," Stark explained. "Air, water, and arc reactor power will be shut down. We'll only be getting just enough power from the emergency generators to keep the lights on and JARVIS running."
"Shut up," she laughed. "But still, I haven't been to a rager like that in a long time. I'm glad your mom could take Luke."
Tony pulled back and watched Steve's eyelids flutter. It always took Steve a few moments to wake up, but once he did, he was awake and alert in an instant. His blue eye's met Tony's and a smile came across his face.
"Alright," Steve said. "Thank you." The nurse nodded, collected everything they needed, and left. Steve gently ran his thumb over the back of Tony's hand. "Are you okay?" Tony hesitated in responding.
"Alright," Pepper said. "I'll see you then." The call then ended. Tony then slipped his phone back into his coat pocket and followed Wallace down the maze of hallways that led to the chemical engineering department.
Steve shoved that thought directly into the deepest, darkest pit of his mind. That was the last thing he needed to think about right now. There were more important things, like convincing this S.H.I.E.L.D. agent that there's nothing medically wrong with him so that way they won't have the opportunity to come up with some excuse to draw his blood.
"Because she can see me, even when no one else can." A sad, but a sentimental smile appeared on Knežević's face. He poured them two more drinks.
"That's because you have a mish-mash of thoughts in your brain that are tangling one subject to the next," Tony said. "Let me ask you this, do you want to have sex with me?"
"That is not how you spell 'vector.'" Lara raised her eyebrows, but otherwise looked unsurprised at Barton's challenge.
Despite the Avengers' best efforts to stop him, Loki has unleashed his Chitauri army on the semi-evacuated streets of New York, and so begins the war...
Anyways, I hope you all enjoyed this chapter and if you can, please leave a comment or review! No pressure!
"Oh, thank God," he said. "Do you know how frustrating that is, calling everyone 'brother' and 'sister' all the time?"
Stepping inside, Carol found herself in an enclosed foyer. Ahead of her was another set of double doors that presumably lead to the rest of the building. She couldn't tell for sure, though, because even though the doors were glass, she couldn't see through them. Someone had gone to the trouble of blacking them out. That raised her suspicions a bit more, but not enough to forego pretenses.
"No," the first voice said firmly. Based on the slight accent that she spoke with, Bruce could guess that it was Lara. "But given that you almost got stabbed in the eye…"
Tony got about a fourth of the way through the packet and to that point he had not really seen anything truly negative. Granted, this section seemed mostly to address Natasha's time working in Stark Industries legal department and her observations of him from afar. So, he had not really hit the juicy parts yet. He was just starting to read about Nat's first meeting with him, Happy, and Pepper when his attention was successfully pulled away by Lara's aggravated voice.
Finally, there was the Peoples Unity Church. They, as usual, had parked themselves in the middle of the lobby and were refusing to leave. The police, SI security, and S.H.I.E.L.D. had taken notice of this activity right away and had surrounded the group. However, instead of chanting sermons and accosting passersby, the members of the church were rather calm. They sat facing outwards in a circle that was about forty people in circumference. They all had their arms linked and anytime an authority figure asked them to move, they'd just say "no," not bothering to follow it up with anything else. Since they weren't actively attacking anyone, officers and agents for all the agencies were hesitant to try to physically engage with them. After all, they were having trouble controlling the gathered crowd while monitoring the Peoples Unity Church. They didn't need to add a violent confrontation on to that mess.
"The CDC," Betty said. "I don't work with these kinds of diseases often, but I've worked with them enough to that that it's not easy to get access to them."
Natasha took the paper and started to scrutinize it. Steve even walked up behind her to try to catch a glance over her shoulder.
"Under the coffee table, but I think this…" Oswin went across the room to fetch her laptop off the dining table. "Would be a lot faster." The man stared at the small machine as she held it out to him.
"I brought him back to the hotel and he snuck out last night while I was asleep," Steve said. "We haven't been able to find him."
So, he spent all his energy lying perfectly still and waiting for sleep to come. He had turned out all the lights and pulled the curtains shut so it was absolutely pitch black in the room aside from the glow of his Arc Reactor. He didn't have anything to drink outside of that one glass of scotch in the limo earlier. In fact, he had barely anything to eat following the press conference. His stomach was volatile and he had moved the waste bin next to his bed just in case he threw up. Overall, Tony Stark was not a happy camper.
"Guess you weren't counting on me to have a special party trick, were you?" Tony had to admit, he was hoping for those claims of "turning people to stone" was just a mass delusion created by terrified witnesses to a brutal murder.
He knew it was wrong, that he was wrong, but at the same time, it didn't feel wrong. Boys were equally attractive to him as girls and if felt completely natural, like that was the way it was supposed to be. It scared him at first, but he'd learned to live with it. If nobody ever found out; if he never acted on it, he'd be fine.
"Miss Conroy is hiding in a closet by the entrance to the south-western stairwell," JARVIS informed. "She has thus far gone undetected. Her vital signs show heightened levels of anxiety, but there is no indication that she has been critically wounded." Another relief.
After those two interviews, they had a few more individual ones before they made it to the main event of the day: the live Q&A session. They had rented out the theater at Georgetown University and tickets had sold out faster than you could say "Ticket Master." Everyone and their mother wanted a chance to question the Avengers, for both good and bad reasons. The bad reasons were what they were stressing about most now.
"Alright," she said. "I'll be over there when you're ready to start." Lucy then started to walk back over to the storefront. Lara looked at Bruce.
"Yeah," Tony said. "Concerned enough to file a lawsuit without even talking to me about it, first?" That was his real problem with this. She went ahead and did something that concerned him without his input, especially when there was video evidence which could end up online.
"No, not at all," Tony said. "But it's worth a shot, and if it doesn't work out we can figure out a way to Shashank you out of there."
"Too long?" Steve said. "I've been out too long? What, does S.H.I.E.L.D. think I'm it's property now?"
"Certainly," JARVIS said. "I've been monitoring his vitals for the past five hours, keeping a lookout for signs that a serious reaction had taken place. Had his condition taken a turn for the worse, I would have contacted the emergency services and yourself, along with Obadiah Stane." Rhodey narrowed his eyes.
"Believe me, you don't want to know." Steve picked up on Tony's dead serious tone and decided that the subject needed to be changed ASAP.
"Oh-no," Lara said as seriously as she could with a puppy squirming in her arms. "You know the rules of nose goes, Steve."
"You see," he said. "Miss Potts here took my phone and I was trying to get it back." Pepper flushed as soon as he threw her under the bus.
"Alright." Oswin raised her glass with a little more elegance than her drinking partner. "What are we toasting to?"
"What?" Betty looked confused for a second before it dawned on her. "Oh! No, the wedding hasn't happened yet." She broke off the handshake and held up her left hand to show only an engagement ring on her finger. "We've set the date, though; July Fourteenth."
He watched for several minutes as his accomplice made her way through Stark Industries. A few times he heard the second set of footsteps approach her and every single time his pulse quickened with fear. However, every single time the person would go by as if they didn't even notice her. No questions were asked; no one even seemed to give her a second glance. It was both nerve-wracking and freaky.
"Sir, I believe the Tamiflu you're holding has expired." Tony looked down at the bottle he was holding and saw that JARVIS was right.
"It's a dead end," he said. "The letter's addressed from the fourth-grade class of the Greenpark School in Newark, New Jersey. There's no school by that name in Newark or anywhere else in New Jersey."
They also had to consider that the First Amendment protected Freeman's right to free speech and also probably the right to practice his religion, if his comments about a "day of reckoning" were in any way tied to his affiliation with the People's Unity Church. (Which they probably did.) As such, unless they were able to definitively prove that his words had irreparably hurt Tony and/or the company, they didn't have much of a case.
"No," Oswin shook her head. "That'd be like a bank posting exactly how much money they have in the vault on the front door."
"What I wanted was to put an end to your pain," Steve said. "You were struggling, crying, and nothing I did could help you. I've never seen anyone in so much pain. I was scared that you could have… That the only way you would get better would be…"
Steve didn't feel like he slept that long; five or six hours at the most. Certainly not long enough to feel well-rested. It did feel like the drugs he was on were starting to wear off. He wasn't tired anymore and his senses weren't dulled, which was good because if his super-human hearing hadn't been restored, he wouldn't have heard the footsteps coming down the stairs.
"Alright," he said. "But if anything needs to be signed, hand it back to me because I know you can't forge my signature."
of them by yourself. Even with Neshchich guy helping you, it wouldn't have been enough. There's someone else you're protecting, and I want to know who it is, right now!" His fist slammed down on the table, causing Oswin to jump for a second. It didn't last, though. She shrunk back into her chair and hunched her shoulders, looking down. She bit her lip and tears came to her eyes. Duran knew what she had to be thinking of. It was written all over her face.
"No," Tony said. "I've been getting them on and off for the past year. This is normal for me. I'm used to it."
"I don't think so…" He sighed and waved it off. "I'll take it up with the concierge when we check out."
They were led into a back room with barely enough space for all five of them to fit. The concierge took a seat in front of a computer monitor. Natasha gestured to Steve to take the only other available seat before crouching down next to the concierge. Bruce crouched down beside Steve and Clint remained standing behind Steve and the concierge.
"I have no doubts about that." Adoniram then stood up from his chair, put a hand on Freeman's shoulder, and started leading him to the door. "Now, if Sister Grace gives you any trouble, just tell her that she can come and speak to me personally. I'll make sure everything gets sorted out."
As time went on, more and more agents were sent back to do their assigned duties. Even Coulson was dismissed to go back to his regular job (and he was clearly disappointed about it.) Now the only people left in the room were a handful of doctors to monitor Steve's condition, and Commander Hill, who would probably stay until she received direct orders from Fury to be elsewhere. Besides that, there were also guards standing outside all the doors. They didn't look armed, but Tony knew better than that. Personally, he didn't think that it was necessary as Steve had already proven that he wasn't a threat to anyone. However, Tony had to remind himself that the reverse was also very much possible; that anyone could be a threat to Steve, especially in his current weakened state. The thought caused Tony to shudder and he quickly immersed himself in his phone to distract himself.
"Ow!" he cried out instantly. Lara froze up. She looked at her hand, already shaking. She knew she should run but found she couldn't. Her mouth opened as if to scream and shut again without making a sound. Only one thought flashed through her mind.
Walking through the door that led back to the observation room, Tony could see that all the now unnecessary staff had cleared out of the room, leaving behind enough medical personnel to monitor Steve's condition. Commander Hill and Agent Coulson remained, though, and Director Fury had returned to the room from wherever he disappeared to before. It wasn't like Tony cared, he just wanted to know why they called him back.
get hit with trespassing and aiding and abetting the commission of a crime," he said. "But that would fall on the NYPD, not us."
It took a couple of moments for Clint to catch his breath. Luckily, Stark didn't try to ask him if he was okay. Clint appreciated that. At least Stark seemed to understand that a person couldn't answer pointless questions while they were choking to death. Once he could finally breathe, Clint tried to resurrect the conversation.
"You threw him out." That time, it came out as a statement. The concierge visibly turned three shades paler. Steve felt someone put a hand on his shoulder.
"Salinas might have said that he believed him to be impaired, yes." The already tense situation seemingly cranked up ten notches with that one statement.
"Is it ringing?" Again, Lara answered in the affirmative. "Then answer it! It could be Stark!" Clint started to rush towards the phone, but Lara held a hand up to stop him.
For those of you who don't know, "Agent M" and "The Calvary" refer to Agent Melinda May from Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. you don't need to know much about her or Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. to understand this fic as the Avengers takes place before the show. Just know that she's with Laura and the kids to ensure their safety.
"Captain Rogers," the man said. "Glad to see you're awake. I thought you would be asleep longer, given everything you've been through."
"We can get access to a lot of different cameras. Webcams, phone cameras, X-Box Kinect cameras…" Steve shuddered at everything about that sentence. "Look, I know you're worried about Stark. I get it more than you know, but panicking's not going to help him." Steve sighed.
"You have heart," the intruder remarked. Clint wasn't sure how to take that, but he didn't have time to as the man touched the tip of the scepter to his chest, just above his heart. Everything went black.
"Is it really recovering if I spend the whole time screwing my boyfriend's brains out?" Steve's cheeks reddened a bit.
"We got in a fight," he said. "He locked himself in the bathroom and I haven't been able to get him to come out. I think he slept in there." Lara frowned.
"It's okay," he said. "Just say what's on your mind." Steve shook his head and looked back up at him.
Steve didn't believe it, but he didn't necessarily have to in order to calm down. Even if Natasha couldn't promise that it did somehow make him feel better to hear someone say it. Having the assurance and support of others was a huge comfort. Looking up, Steve could see Natasha's concerned yet reassuring expression mirrored on Clint and Bruce's faces. He could even see that Lara had eyes on him, despite the fact that the dog was trying to nudge her glasses away from her face and lick her eyeball. Steve found himself taking a full, deep breath. Then he took another and another until he felt in control of his body. He stood up straight and spoke much more solidly.
"I just want to get it over with," she said. "The sooner it's done, the sooner I can get him away from me, and honestly I can't wait for that."
Special Thanks to mfaerie32 on FFN for the review, Saidra for the comment and kudos, and Daughter_of_a_fangirl for the kudos on AO3! You guys all rock! :)
After they left, everyone else went their separate ways for the night. Natasha and Clint headed to their rooms, Bruce set out to get a little bit more work done in his office before he went to bed, and Steve and Tony showed Rhodey to his room. Since Tony's appointment was in the morning, they all decided it would be best to call it a night early. So, while Rhodey went to bed, Tony decided to take a shower so that way he wouldn't have to worry about it in the rush to get ready the next day.
"Well, I think that was meant for you," Bruce turned to Tony and said. Tony held out the bag of blueberries for Bruce to take a few. "Even if Barton didn't tell Loki about the tower, it was still all over the news."
Tony hesitated a moment. Something about this just didn't feel right. As a means of stalling, he picked up the glass of water and took a sip. There was something wrong with the texture of the liquid, but the water tasted fine. He just assumed that it was something screwy with the tap and drank about a fourth of the glass down before glancing over at Salinas. The man was looking at him expectantly. Sighing, Tony set the glass back down on the table and laid back on the couch. It wasn't like he had much of a choice.
"Radio?" The woman turned back for a second, looking a little confused herself, but continued to smile at him until her attention was taken away by another table. Steve sighed. Despite Bucky and Peggy's insistence to the contrary, he could tell when someone was flirting with him. He got a few lessons in that with how many women threw themselves at him when he was on tour with the USO. That didn't mean he knew how to respond to it (if the whole Private Lorraine incident is any proof), but he could at least tell when it happened, and Beth had been flirting with him. She had already walked away, so there wasn't much that could be said. All it pretty much did was make him feel five different types of awkward. It only got worse when the elderly man at the table next to him turned around to offer his two cents.
Tarquan still seemed hesitant. However, the frog-man offered him an incredibly low price. Only 1,000 credits for this one tiny shard with centuries worth of information on it. That was all that was needed to make the deal worthwhile. Tarquan gave him the credits and returned to the ship with the disc, having forgotten the old saying "if it's too good to be true, it probably is."
"Regardless," the doctor said. "All our tests came back normal and he keeps insisting we do more. Since he's been asking for you, I've been wondering if you'd be able to convince him to go back to his room and get some sleep." Steve nodded.
The Kree were the biggest example, but Carol had been to a planet called Aurelia before. It was abandoned but incredibly beautiful with its lush green fields and vibrant purple skies. It also had one of the most gorgeous sunsets she had ever seen. Knowing that they were referencing real species and planets within the universe that shouldn't be known to Earth did raise Carol's suspicions, but it made it even harder to see how the average person was falling for it.
Tony turned to see Steve standing in the doorway, his hair a mess and his eyes frantic. Tony swallowed guiltily. He hadn't meant to wake up Steve, but he ended up doing it anyway and it seemed like he'd given him quite a fright. Steve hadn't bothered to put on any clothes; he was still in his underwear as he had rushed straight from bed as soon as he heard the crash. A little bit of relief came across his face as soon as he spotted Tony, but he still appeared frazzled.
"I'm the one asking the questions here, missy." He punctuated the sentence by pointing at himself and Oswin rolled her eyes. "Don't roll your eyes at me. I know that's not how it went down. Do you honestly think Stark's an idiot? He had dozens of security protocols in place to keep dirty little thieves like you from breaking in and stealing his shit. You couldn't have possibly gotten around
Happy Birthday to our favorite billionaire, genius, playboy, philanthropist! I hope everyone enjoys this chapter!
Thank you to BlueBoulder for the review, favorite, and follow on FFN, and QueenE for leaving a comment on AO3, and shekelash and the guest who left kudos on AO3! It really means a lot!
Lara frowned and tried to think back. She tried to remember where she saw the symbol, but she just drew a complete blank. She ran through every symbol she could think of in her mind – from company logos to the various symbols and insignias related to terrorist groups that the Secret Service had her memorize – but she got the feeling that this wasn't anything like that. Shoulders sagging, she let out a defeated sigh.
Tony started to look like he might be starting to get overwhelmed, so Steve gave his shoulder a squeeze. Tony turned to look at Steve with glistening eyes.
"Va te faire foutre." Tony burst out laughing while Lara's eyes widened, and her mouth dropped in shock. She kept that expression on her face as she turned around to look at Steve, who was standing in the archway, grinning like an idiot.
"Oh you most certainly could," Oswin said. "But I think it's best if we just stayed focused on the task at hand."
"Do you want to look at him." Bruce looked at Tony and caught on to his apprehensive look. He shook his head.
"The kind that's in the public domain," the hotel employee holding the cake said. They set the plate down in the center of the conference table. "Anyways, the Hay-Adams hotel wishes our honored guest, Geena Davis, a wonderful day on this, her fifty-sixth birthday." The employees then promptly filed out of the room. Tony shot Lara a sharp look.
"Still, if it's an average commercial airliner and it's not filled over capacity…" Tony's face fell the second he saw the nurse standing in the doorway. "Oh-no, not the fun police."
Thank you to mfaerie32 for the review and DarkSkitty for the favorite! I'm glad to see that people are enjoying this!
"It's fine," he said. "You probably needed it." Steve nodded in agreement to that before pulling himself up to sit on the couch.
Tony gestured up and down to her outfit, which was a far cry from the stereotypical space suit. She was wearing a black tank-top, a light-blue short-sleeved mini-jacket, ripped jeans, and lace-up boots. Tony did not care how strong she was and neither did the laws of physics. No one would be able to survive the vacuum of space wearing that.
"Believe it," Natasha said. "And as you've said, you've already confessed, so there's no reason for you to keep up the silent treatment."
"That was the air," he said. "And power should be going right…" Almost on cue appliances started flipping off and the lights dimmed. Natasha hung up the phone and turned back to the rest of the team.
The rest of the Avengers and Lara disembarked the flight. Bruce, Romanoff, and Lara carried multiple bags over their shoulders while Barton struggled between his one pack and the squirming puppy he brought in his other arm. Pepper greeted Romanoff and Bruce warmly and introduced herself to Barton. Happy tried to take their bags from them. Bruce handed his right over, but Romanoff insisted she was perfectly capable of carrying her bags herself. It took a look from Barton and him handing over his backpack to get her to comply.
"No," he said. "But he is a risk. I don't trust him not to leak information – whether intentionally or unintentionally. It's best to keep him where we can watch him."
Since she couldn't smell gas, Lara figured she was probably safe for right then, though she remained vigilant, just in case. In the meantime, all she could really do was wait for news updates and pick the popcorn she dumped off the floor. For a moment, Lara was actually thankful that her diabetes disallowed her from having butter. Picking greasy popcorn crumbs out of her rug was not her idea of a good time.
"If you choose to talk to the others," Steve said. "I promise that if things get too intense or if you get overwhelmed, we can come back to the bedroom and you won't have to talk or interact with them for the rest of the day. Deal?"
So, Tony's interview with Christine Everhart didn't go so well. Maybe the public Q&A session will be better?
Despite promising that he would eat, Tony had mostly just sat there lethargically stirring his soup. It was really starting to concern Steve. He didn't know what was wrong with him or how he could help. It made him feel kind of useless and sadly, that was a feeling he was becoming well-acquainted with.
"Another thing I probably shouldn't ask on my first day," she said. "But I can go home now, right?" Tony nodded in the affirmative. Conroy then began to gather all her things and stuff them into her laptop case. "Good, because I really don't want to find out what happens in my neighborhood after dark." Tony didn't want to find out either, so he let the conversation die there. Conroy eventually got all her things together and headed out the door. "See you tomorrow," she called over her shoulder as she left.
"I can see that." Tony shook his hands as if that would do anything to get rid of the stone. Obviously, that didn't work. Realizing he had no choice but to face Knežević hand-to-hand, he muttered another curse to himself and began to chase after Knežević again. His chest hurt, he felt overly hot, and he was having trouble breathing, but he tried to ignore it as he powered through.
When the nurse stuck the needle into Steve, Tony watched with unwavering eyes. Although he was standing a few feet away, he could see that the nurse only extracted a few milliliters of blood – the same amount Dr. Smith had extracted from him. The nurse quickly capped off the sample and taped a cotton ball over the injection point.
Yeah, unlike the MCU, I'm not pretending that The Incredible Hulk (2008) didn't happen. I feel like at the very least that movie deserves to have the loose ends that were hanging tied up, and Betty is one of them. I just want to give her character a little bit of closure. Hopefully, you don't mind this mini-side plot!
"S.H.I.E.L.D. has told me that before," Bruce said. "And I remember the last time not going too well." Hill sighed.
"Uh," Steve said. Tony could easily detect the slight nervous edge in his voice. "What is your point? What do any of those things have to do with each other?" Treasa scoffed
There were other people, though, that he was unsure he could extend the same benefit of the doubt to. Carol was only one of them. She had good company in Fury and Commander Hill. After all, they couldn't have known about this. Looking back on how they had acted when they came to drop off Tony, it clearly a bit suspicious. They gave nothing but vague answers and hadn't truly explained what had happened and how Carol found Tony. At the time, Steve was just so relieved that Tony had been brought back to him relatively safe, but now he was certainly questioning it a lot more.
"I…" Tony couldn't defend himself. That would be a lie. He couldn't say that he didn't continuously question why Steve was even with him, and he couldn't say that he never had suicidal thoughts before. Most importantly of all, he couldn't lie to Steve like that. So, he stayed silent.
Taking a deep breath in preparation, Steve explained his concerns with the mental health system. He started with how homosexuality was viewed in the forties and used that to explain how he feared someone would try to harm Tony using his sexuality or mental status as justification. When the same assurances he'd heard before came out of Pepper and Rhodey's mouths, Steve became frustrated and blurted out what he was afraid of.
"Good, good," Tony said. "I'm glad. Although, that means we're not going to be alone up here for a few days."
Also, in interesting MCU news, Marvel has confirmed that Loki was brainwashed during the events of the Avengers. I wish this came out sooner (like maybe four months ago when I was writing this fic so I could have cut Loki a little more slack) but I'll take what I can get. Thanks for the belated birthday/Christmas present Marvel! Can't wait to see what's coming up in 2019!
"I don't," Lara said. "That's why I don't want to have to call a cab. I'm not going to lead a stranger to my home at this time of night."
"As I said, he's going after the guy who robbed him. He didn't say exactly where that was." Natasha shook her head in exasperation. "I did get a name, though," Steve offered, causing the agent's eyes to perk up. "Vasyl Can-nez-a-vick? I might not be saying that right."
Oh, BTW, it's Rhodey's birthday today, and even though he's a fictional character, I wish him all the best!
His eyes then drifted back over to Rhodey. There was a look of deep consideration on his friend's face that disappeared as soon as they made eye contact, being replaced by a form of resolve.
When they arrived at Tony's home, Steve tried to get a good look at the house but found it hard to in the dark. He was sure that it was grand and lavish, though, but he could be impressed by it in the morning. Right now, he needed to help Tony get to bed.
"He'll be fine," Dr. Smith assured. "He just needs rest and to sober up a bit. Agent Drew, on the other hand, needs to get to bed STAT."
"Uh…" A nervous voice broke through their little bubble and Tony pulled back from Steve a bit. He didn't let go of his hand, though, as he turned to face Bruce who had returned to his normal form and was using a throw pillow to cover himself. "I'd hate to break up the moment, but can someone tell me where I can find some pants?"
"Yeah, I am." Tony noticed that Steve's eyes were slowly tracing the armor up and down. Tony smirked, and Steve's face turned white the second he realized he'd been caught. Yeah, they needed to finish having that discussion from before. "What about you? Are you alright?"
The frog man opened his webbed hand to reveal a small gray disc. Pressing a button on the top a compartment within the disk slid open. Inside was a thin, silvery-blue shard on a piece of white, silk-like fabric. Tarquan still looked skeptical.
"It might not," Pepper agreed. "But are you going to open it to find out?" Tony looked down, refusing to meet Pepper's gaze. "That's what I thought."
"No, you were right to do so," Bruce argued. "Like both of you just said, Clint was adamant about going with you. Both you and Steve were in a hurry to get downstairs and could not be waiting for another moment. It was not unreasonable for you to ask me to restrain Clint. What was unreasonable, though, was for me to unleash the Hulk, even if it was only partially. That was too big of a risk not only to the both of you, but every single soul in this tower and the innocent civilians in the city beyond. That was reckless and I need to apologize for it. I'm sorry to both of you."
"You're welcome," she said. "Just remember to keep trying. That's always the best thing you can do."
"Well, we didn't have money for a cab," Natasha said. "So, we had to walk in the snow and cold back to the hotel."
Lara's hand moved to fish her cell phone out of her messenger bag when something caught her attention. It wasn't much, really; just a simple red box containing a lever sealed behind a sheet of glass hanging onto the wall. Above the box was a warning that misuse of fire equipment would result in a five-hundred dollar fine or six months imprisonment. Despite the warning, Lara decided it was worth the risk. After all, it would be much quicker and easier than having the police throw them out individually.
"Trust me, you wouldn't have." Tony turned his attention to the blonde S.H.I.E.L.D. agent. "You were just about to pass out when you left last night. Pepper and I were still fairly alert when you left and neither of us noticed anything suspicious with Freeman."
Natasha squeezed her eyes shut. Stark was perfectly sober and yet she still was getting nowhere with him. She could start to feel a headache forming behind her eyes.
"First of all, it's Clint," he said. "Secondly, the dog's a 'he', not an 'it.' Third, can you really stay mad at this face?" He held up the puppy, who seemed to know that he needed to put the charm on. The dog looked up at Stark with the widest, most pleading brown eyes and despite his annoyance with the animal's mere existence, his expression began to waver. Frowning, he sighed.
"Hey," he said. "No, no, no. Don't try to butter me up. You know what you did was bad. Very, very bad."
"Unbelievable," he remarked as he jotted something down on the page. Tony undoubtably knew it was the word "nightmares." With that knowledge in mind, he swallowed down his trepidation and kept the mood light.
"Nah," Lara said. "Pepper already ordered us food, so we're good." Steve looked relieved, clearly glad to hear that Tony was eating as he should be. Knowing that he appreciated that, Lara moved on to different matters. "Hey, Natasha. There is something Tony wants you to do. Would you mind doing it?"
Rhodey agreed and changed the subject. They did go back to the topics of the tapes and the overdose again, but it was much less emotional with Tony continuing to give Rhodey assurances of his mental stability. That probably should have worried Rhodey more than it did, but instead he chose to believe what Tony was telling him. It was an easier pill to swallow than accepting the idea that his friend might be suicidal.
"How did your house explode?" she asked. "Why did the police think you were in it?" Oswin let out an exasperated sigh.
"No," the concierge said. "It's against our policy. Come back when you have a badge and a search warrant."
Alright, this isn't going to be like the last time I left you guys hanging! No one's close to death at this point! I promise!
"No, no!" Knežević stepped closer to the girls. Audrey put her arm around her sister and pulled her back. "It's not like that! She was trying to keep you from me, but now we can be together as the family we should be!"
Pulling as many baddies as he could to his tail, Tony corkscrewed around the building, waiting for the Quinjet to get into position. As soon as he saw Clint and Natasha lining the plane up several blocks down, he sharply turned and sped across the Park Avenue Viaduct, the trail of Chitauri following closely behind. As they passed the outer façade of Grand Central Station, the jet opened fire on the alien invaders with a hidden rail gun, taking down almost every one of the creatures. Before anyone could think of celebrating, JARVIS' voice came through the speakers of the suit.
If pregnancy loss or domestic violence is a sensitive subject for you, you might want to skip this chapter...
"Okay," Steve nodded. On the other side of him, one of the nurses stood with a needle ready in their hands.
"Since we don't know what he's been exposed do and there's no definitive way to tell if he's infected or not until the blood tests get back, I'd rather be safe than sorry. I recommend he be put into isolation along with Agent Barton."
Going down in the elevator, Lara finished tying up her braid. She honestly didn't think this was going to be that big of a deal. Most likely, Tony had forgotten something and had sent someone to get it for him. A simple explanation for a complete non-issue. At least, that's what she thought.
They were walking through the last exhibit of the night – an exhibition of artifacts from every war America had fought in. For some reason, Tony wanted to do this exhibit last. That was alright with Steve. To be honest, he was glad to have saved this until the end. He was told by S.H.I.E.L.D. that the Allies won the war. They didn't elaborate on how they won it. Some of the atrocities committed in the name of victory shocked Steve to his core. If it wasn't for Tony's hand coming gently to rest on his shoulder, it probably would have been much more difficult to keep himself grounded.
"Yeah, just give me a second." Tony stood up and slid out of the seat. He seemed stable on his feet, but once he got out into the aisle he stumbled forward, only to have Steve catch him.
"Heard you've been asking around, looking for a vacant planet." Utterly speechless, Tarquan had nodded in conformation. "I know exactly the place you need to go."
Clint heard that clearly. The door in front of him flew open so hard, he was sure he could hear the hinges pop. A bunch of voices started shouting over each other. It was hard to make sense of what was being said, but he could clearly hear the words "Agent Romanoff" included somewhere in each sentence. Natasha seemed to ignore their protests as he heard her speak.
"Don't worry," Tony said softly, resting his cheek on Steve's shoulder. "I pulled myself away. I'm not going to drive myself crazy." Steve pulled back, looking concerned.
"Nope," she assured with a popping "p." "I heard about it from Pepper. While you were getting ready to kill yourself via formula one automobile accident, Pepper was complaining to me about the woman and let that little detail slip out." Tony sighed.
Alarms started blaring as soon as the Tower was struck. JARVIS announced that he could not identify what the Tower had been struck with, but he did not detect any explosions. That was about as good of the news as they were going to get. The projectile was traveling at over six-hundred miles per-hour and had struck somewhere between the forty-third and forty-fifth floors; meaning that the executive level of Stark Industries' headquarters had been struck. That could not be an accident.
"No, it isn't," Clint agreed. "But if people are hurt nothing's going to stand in the way of me helping them; not even getting sick."
"After the Everhart interview," he said. "A couple of the others, the Q&A session… It didn't get bad until the gala, though."
"Alright," Lara said in an oddly calm, level-headed voice. "That much is obvious. Where do you think he would hide?"
That would have been easy enough for her to do if it wasn't for the smoke detectors to choose this moment to go off. Fear gripped the young woman's very core. She didn't prepare for this! She didn't ask Nina what to do if you're in a burning building during an earthquake, and the dot-gov site she got the preparedness information from surely didn't go over that scenario. Using the best judgment, she could, Oswin decided that the safest option would be to stay put and escape if it was safe to do so once the shaking stopped. Needing some form of anchor, Oswin grabbed the metal frame of her bed and held onto it for dear life.
"See you later," Tony reciprocated as Pepper left the room. At the same time, Conroy shut her laptop.
"But that's not what we're going to be doing," Natasha said. "I cannot stress that enough." Steve nodded.
"I can't let you do that, Captain Rogers," she said. "I'm under strict orders to extract you and return to New York immediately. You've already been out here too long."
"I tried several times to inform you of this, Sir," the AI said. "But you either didn't listen or said you would take care of it later after you slept." Tony mentally slapped himself.
Tony couldn't help but agree with that part of himself. He's been such a terrible boyfriend. He's surprised Steve didn't break up with him sooner. Yes, didn't. He had already accepted that this was going to happen. There was no point in fooling himself, after all.
"Mr. Stark asked me to turn away any calls he got before he passed out," JARVIS explained. "His vitals weren't indicating an adverse reaction, so I deemed him not to be in enough danger to defy a direct order."
"Only for you." Okay, Steve couldn't resist. He had to kiss him for that. Pulling back, he pressed his forehead against Tony's.
Steve held on to the wire he had grabbed onto for dear life. While waiting for Tony to give him the go-ahead and hit the lever, a group of the S.H.I.E.L.D. agents that had been turned by Loki ambushed him and during the struggle, he ended up getting knocked off the ship. Fortunately, at the last second, he managed to grab onto a wire dangling from the ship. He tried to use it to pull himself back up to safety but was finding it difficult given how thin and smooth the wire's surface was. Over the coms, he could hear Tony straining as he tried to get the turbines up to speed. He tried to hurry. If he didn't get there in time…
"Excuse me for this, Commander," she said. "But I do think it's relevant for me to point out that Captain Rogers has been heavily sedated. When he does wake up he'll be too groggy and weak to even get out of bed, let alone try and harm someone."
Out of everything Tony expected his last moments to be like, he never expected himself to be so at peace with dying. He'd been fighting to stave off death for so long (save for that admittedly slightly-suicidal period when he was dying from palladium poisoning) he'd never thought he would just give up, but he was. The world needed him to make this sacrifice and he was ready and willing to make it.
"He has frostbite," Steve said. "I'm not sure what else." He looked at Tony expectantly. Again, Tony stared at him, not saying anything. Steve looked concerned and placed a hand on his cheek. Tony almost broke down right there. Why was Steve making this more painful than it needed to be?
"So, if you don't get the footage, does that mean you can't find Tony?" Steve asked. Natasha shook her head.
"Regardless," Freeman said. "There is now a search that needs to be called off. If you can leave me to do that, I'll leave you to get ready."
"What do you mean by that?" she asked. "It's alright Tony, you can tell me." Tony really wished he could believe her on that, but he knew the truth was so terrible that once it was out, it couldn't be stopped. He dreaded the consequences, but at the same time, he was so hurt by what happened that he just wanted to tell her the truth. He wanted to tell everyone the truth, just so that way he'd be able to get it the weight of his chest.
As stated before, every time a piece of armor was removed from his body Tony felt an immense weight come off him. However, that wasn't necessarily a good thing. With each piece that came off, it literally felt like Tony was getting lighter and lighter to the point he had no physical mass. If he got any lighter, he'd get carried off on a breeze and float away. Thankfully, he did have a little bit of encouragement to keep moving forward and not collapse to the ground like he wanted. Steve was waiting for him at the end of the assembly line and as soon as the final piece of armor was off him, Tony practically jumped into his arms.
"Because you're drunk and I'm completely sober," Lara said. "Besides, it's my job to help you and I think not letting you make a drunken ass of yourself counts as helping!"
"Let's not forget the risk of infection," Natasha said. "If you went down there with all of those people, you would have run a very high risk of getting sick and setting your recovery back to square one." Clint let out an exasperated groan.
"Ah, I see," Carol said. "Well, I'm not Asgardian if that's what you're wondering. I'm technically not entirely alien either."
"It's not your fault," she assured. She then took a deep breath and changed the subject. "So, do you mind showing me what we've got so far?"
"It's not gross," Tony said. "It's just… It's what I've been focusing on the entire time. I honestly don't know what other goals I can have." He looked down at his lap, the pattern woven into his jeans suddenly became very interesting.
"There was a major explosion," Duran explained. "One house was completely leveled and a few more caught on fire or were damaged. It's contained, but you can't return home just yet."
"Not well," Natasha said. "I tried to figure out what was going on with him, but he deflected all my questions and lashed out at me. It wasn't as bad as how he lashed out at Conroy, but he was still pretty upset."
Thank you to nousername123, Trylissia, Dragon Queen Niji, and guest reviewer Star for the favorites, follows, and reviews on FFN and FriedChickenNisha for the comment and Princessvibes and the guest who left kudos on AO3! All of your feedback really means a lot! :)
"And you would be right," Pepper assured. "We just came to show Tony our support." Dr. Cranston's smile seemed to grow brighter.
"I took a shower?" He reached up and touched his hair. It was indeed slightly wet like someone had tried to dry it with a hairdryer but didn't do a good job. Apparently not all the effects of the alcohol had worn off yet.
Today is the day I arbitrarily decided was Lara's birthday, so everyone please wish her a happy birthday, even though she only exists inside my mind!
"How long has it been since the plane crashed?" Steve could see the conflict in Tony's eyes. "Come on, you have to tell me." Tony opened his mouth to say something, but then the door on the other side of the room unlocked and opened. Tony turned to look and see who was coming.
"Mr. Flenderson, Miss Watts, would you mind if we finished this another time?" Both were agreeable and headed out the door, which Happy shut behind them. Lara quickly pushed her laptop over to Pepper.
"Yeah," Clint said. "That's reassuring. Daddy's going to put Loki in time-out. Meanwhile, one of my closest friends is dead."
"I would have to agree with that conclusion." Lara nodded as she grabbed a knife from one of the kitchen drawers. It wasn't deathly sharp and probably wouldn't do much against an AK-47, but it would work in a pinch if she needed it to.
Early in the Raël's history, they unlocked the secret to gene editing. This allowed them to shape their race to their own design, unlike any other race in the history of the universe had before. They molded all their offspring in their image of beauty – bronze skin, hairless men and women with manes of gold, shockingly bright brown eyes that seemed to shimmer with every movement, and lithe forms more suited to spend endless days in leisure rather than on the battlefield. Any "undesirable" traits were simply edited out before birth. For the longest time, this suited the Raël just fine, until their luck ran out and they were forced to face the dark side of gene editing.
Looking up, Oswin saw Knežević in much the same condition that she was in; hunched over and gasping for air. She brushed her hair out of her face and swallowed.
"Listen," Tony said. "That's great and all, but I need to get in the building. Can you get someone to let me in?" He hadn't remembered it until the door rejected his card, but the exterior card sliders were disabled in a code blue lockdown, even for the master keycards. It was an extra precaution to make sure no one could get in or out by any means – even by stealing one of the three master keycards. (However, the master keycards still worked to unlock the interior doors.)
"It seems like it," Happy said in a dark, dreading voice. "God, I just want to punch that fucker in the face."
"Can you bring up the surveillance footage of the front doors starting at around the time Stark leaves frame?" The concierge nodded, closing the media player before setting off on another search through the File Explorer. Meanwhile, Bruce looked over at Natasha.
Tony's brow furrowed. He vaguely recognized the man but couldn't put a name to the face. Regardless, the man got out of the car and knelt in front of him.
"My sentiments exactly," she remarked. "Is that all, sir? I really need to be getting back if I want to keep my cover intact."
"You don't need to apologize," he assured. "We all failed him there. Besides, you also need to know that it's not going to be that way for you when you come out."
"How about this," he said. "I have the key to all the rooms. If you stop harassing me to get ready, we can go wake up the others." Lara's face lit up. Yeah, he thought she'd like that.
"I believe you," Pepper said. "Trust me, Tony has security protocol on top of security protocol protecting that house. I'm certain he has JARVIS lock down the house automatically if he leaves without doing it. Not to mention all the alarms that would be triggered if an unidentified person set foot on the property."
"What happened? Do you think you're calm enough to explain it?" Lara nodded and started walking towards a bench lined up against the wall. Bruce followed her. Sitting down and taking a deep breath, Lara figured out how she would explain it.
"Alright," she said. "Can we just establish this rule now? No flirting over the public comms." Tony smirked.
"The Avengers are still alive," he said. "The virus didn't kill them, like we had hoped! They are still a threat to us!"
"No one's been infected," Natasha said. "The letter was intercepted by Stark Industries security before anyone could be hurt." Sharpton laughed.
"Natasha," she corrected before turning her attention to Coulson. "They need you on the bridge. They're starting the face-trace."
Tony reached over to the other side of the bed. He found it warm but empty and frowned. He was going to get up and look around when he felt a hand softly come down on his shoulder.
Also, South Park is a personal favorite show of mine and I've been watching it a lot since the pandemic started (which, btw, I think was when this chapter was written.) I can see Tony liking it very easily, but I don't think Steve would like the first few seasons of the show. I think if he saw past Season 5/6 he'd end up liking it, though he would probably need Tony to explain some of the more topical episodes.
Things lapsed into tense silence again. Steve could feel Tony's eyes on him, but Steve directed his gaze anywhere but in Tony's direction. Everything stung.
Back in the moment, Steve was finding it very hard to mask his worry and concern. He knew that a 106-degree fever was bad. As sickly as he had been before the serum, he had never surpassed 104.8 degrees. However, he had heard from his mother numerous times as she nursed him back to health that it was dangerous to mess around with a fever that high.
"No," he said. "You didn't do anything wrong. I…" He took another deep breath. "I thought I needed to keep my distance around you. I thought if I didn't… If someone noticed how close we were…"
Although the validity of the subsequent posts was questionable, the first one seemed legit. First, the poster claimed that the rock was 100% pure sapphire. No one else made that claim. Secondly, on "abs_rocks" profile, it claimed they were a geologist with the U.S. Geological Survey and had posted dozens of pictures of rocks and numerous articles relating to geology, so it was clear that this person knew what they were talking about. While it was only a circumstantial lead, it was still a lead worth checking out, especially when it's the only lead you must go on.
"Is this a submarine?" Even as he said that he realized it didn't make sense. After all, how were they supposed to launch planes from under the surface of the water and wouldn't they clear the deck of all agents and personnel before they began their decent? At the same time, Bruce looked rightly concerned.
Remember kids, if you liked this chapter, hit that kudos button! If you're new here, hit that follow button, but with that said, of course, my name is Melinda Williams, you've just got your fill of Stony for today! I love your faces and I'll see you Monday!
"I have a plan," Tony said. "Attack!" He then took off after the two men. Steve had to stifle a groan of annoyance as he raced to grab a parachute. He quickly slipped the pack over his shoulders and quickly clicked all the pieces of the safety harness into place.
It stung, so much so that Natasha had to turn her gaze away from the mirror and down to her feet. She knew she had done wrong. She knew she owed some apologies – to Steve if not anyone else. She ignored his concerns the entire time and did as she pleased. That wasn't right, especially if they were going to be working together as a team.
The anxiety started to retreat, though, once he got off the elevator and Wylie led him to a room off to the side of the lobby where they found an exasperated Hill and a smug-looking Tony. In fact, it started disappearing as soon as his eyes landed on Tony. He tried not to smile as he took in the other man's appearance. He looked a little paler than when he saw him last, but nothing too alarming. The three-piece suit looked a little warm for August, but it was undeniable how good he looked in it. Sexy, even. Steve shook his head a little bit to get rid of the thought as Tony held out his hand for him to shake.
Lara hit the send button before she could think about the message too hard. She didn't want to sound too much like she was prying, or that she wanted Bruce to take her along. After all, if he didn't, it would just come off like she was fishing for an invitation and she didn't want to make Betty feel like she had to invite her. That would be incredibly rude. Plus, she didn't want to make it seem like she was interested in Bruce, especially since the last thing she should be doing right now was dating. She had a feeling that if she added that ball to the twenty-seven that she was already juggling, she'd drop them all.
"Lara?" A hand on her shoulder immediately caused her to jump. Thinking fast, she slammed her elbow into the person behind her. She pushed out of her chair and spun around, ready for fists to start flying when Pepper's voice finally got through to her. "Lara, it's Pepper! Stop!"
Jessica headed to the sink. She looked down at the shattered glass, wondering how she could clean it up without touching it. Outstretching her hand, she held it over one of the larger pieces of glass and began to feel the energy build up. With a bright flash of yellow light, the energy ejected from her palm and hit the piece of glass, crunching it into smaller pieces. She repeated the process until she felt she had broken down the larger pieces to be small enough. Then, she took the sprayer and sprayed the glass into the drain. That probably wasn't good for the plumbing, but it solved a problem.
"Mr. Stark has ingested three bottles of scotch," the AI confirmed. "In addition to a hundred milligrams of ketamine."
"Nina, listen to me." Oswin pulled back and once again cradled her girlfriend's face in her hands. "I'm safe. Whatever that Homeland Security lady told you was wrong. I'm alive, and I promise I'm not going to leave your side, okay?" Nina nodded, but still had questions despite the assurances.
"I wouldn't say that," Clint said. "My shoulders are definitely be going to be feeling that for the next couple of days." Bruce looked down guiltily.
"Consider yourself lucky you got the burgers at all," he said. "Burger King doesn't start serving lunch for another hour. Do you know how much begging and pleading I had to do to get them to change over the kitchen just to make two burgers?"
"Exactly!" Clint exclaimed while trying to suppress a cough. "Exactly…" Clint couldn't keep it suppressed any longer and broke out into a horrific fit of coughing. Again, Stark was courteous and didn't try to talk to him while he struggled to breathe, which Clint was thankful for. After a moment, he was able to pull back and catch his breath a bit but felt extremely light-headed. As he used the back of his arm to wipe off his mouth, he figured out why. A streak of brilliant scarlet was left behind; fresh blood. Clint's eyes went wide as the coughing started up again and he was forced to battle for the right to continue to breathe.
"Homeland Security?" he questioned. "What stake do they have in this?" The FBI and ATF he understood. The theft of potential explosives tended to pique their interest. Homeland Security, though…
What did explain it was the final page of the pamphlet; a full page on the Battle of New York. It was filled to the brim with explanations and justifications for what had happened that day and why, as well as putting the blame squarely on the Avengers' shoulders for "disrupting the fated day of reckoning." In other words, everyone was supposed to die that day and it was the Avengers' fault that didn't happen. The people who did die during the attacks had already "ascended to their next state" – but those who survived had been condemned to a fate worse than death. What that fate was to be was left unspecified, but from what Carol had heard in the convenience store, she had to think that they thought the Kree-Skrull War was coming to them.
"Stark," she said. "Come, now." The fire in her eyes made him not want to argue. He got up out of bed and followed Smith through the door.
"For now," she tried to tease but her tone faded fast. All at once she was hit with the pungent scent of alcohol. It was so strong that she could feel her stomach churn a little bit. She carefully moved so that her lips were right next to his ear and spoke lowly as to not alarm anyone. "It's a little early to be hitting the bottle, don't you think?"
"Wait, are you filling out my information on that form?" Steve raised an eyebrow. "Isn't that supposed to be for Tony?"
," she stated again, much harsher this time. "Completely blitzed out of your mind. You can barely stand, let alone hold a conversation. You need to go back to the hotel."
"Alright," he said. "As much as it pains me to do this, I have to get in the shower and get ready for work."
Glancing out the window at the passing cityscape, Tony tried to mentally prepare himself for the onslaught that was to come. Once again, that was difficult given an agonizing migraine he was battling. He wasn't entirely sure what had brought it on, just that at some point his head started pounding and he hadn't been able to shake it. He had tried everything; aspirin, coffee, sleep, alcohol, ice, massaging pressure points, letting the blood rush to his head, more alcohol, Advil, reverse psychology, the placebo effect, Bloody Marys, etc. None of it had worked.
Steve didn't have time to acknowledge Tony's words before he started up again. For what it was worth, he didn't try to interrupt him. He just did as he was told.
Tony watched it all from his position on a couch in the back of the room. He was tired and starting to feel like he might throw up from the pain of the headache again. He would leave, but he needed to make certain for himself that the information was being used in the way S.H.I.E.L.D. said it would be. Plus, Fury did promise him that he could talk to Rogers if he woke up, so he had more reason to stay and wait for S.H.I.E.L.D. to do whatever they were going to do. So, he just sat back on the couch and not only tried to ignore the pain, but also was forcing himself to remain awake and alert just in case.
"I might as well have," Tony said. "I thought I had practically everything-proofed the building. Apparently, I left a blind spot somewhere."
"Isn't Conroy the one who pulled a fire alarm or something juvenile like that a few weeks ago?" Tony raised an eyebrow, wondering how that little detail had made it all the way to Malibu.
"If he shits on something, your paying for it, Clint." Clint grinned as he gave the puppy's ear a scratch.
Lara followed Lucy, glancing back only once to make sure Bruce would still be waiting for her. He was and had even moved to a spot close to the storefront. That eased Lara's mind a little. As she started to look away, however, she could have sworn that she saw Bruce's expression falter while he started to look up. She didn't give too much thought to it, though, assuming it just to be her an imagination.
Just as Steve turned his head, Tony's eyelids started to flutter open. It was clear that he had been kneeling by his side and resting his head on the sofa cushion while Steve slept. The warm smile that Tony gave him made his heart speed up a bit.
"And what would you consider a threat, Mr. Stark?" It didn't surprise Tony how quickly she had gone off-script, but the question was relevant to the topic at hand, so he figured he could let it slide.
The mural depicted an upside-down triangle being trisected by a ring. There was a word painted next to each point of the triangle; the top left point had the word "peace" painted next to it; the top-right had the word "freedom"; and the bottom one had the word "strength." In the center of the triangle was the word "understanding." Carol felt a twinge of familiarity as she examined the mural, but before she could figure out why, she was jarred by a hand coming to rest on her shoulder.
"He's right, Pep," Tony said. "Plus, I don't think the fever's the only thing we should be worrying about." Pepper relented.
"Whatever," Clint said. "It's not the ceiling or the walls of my bedroom, so it's prettier than anything I've seen in a long time." He walked over to the table and took the second seat to the left from Steve. Tony scoffed.
"According to your neighbors, you've been running a meth lab out of your basement." Knežević was stunned at both the accusation and the utter lack of emotion on the woman's face as she made it.
"So what?" Bruce said. "He just wants us to help out with his charity. That doesn't sound too nefarious."
Well, her heart got left out in the cold a while ago and she highly doubted the person it belonged to would ever come back for it.
"Everybody ready?" Lara asked. Tony reached into his pocket and pulled out a pair of sunglasses from his pocket. Even though it was nighttime, those camera flashes could be blinding and given his headache, he figured he best come prepared.
They went through the kitchen, down a hallway, and into the living room – all of which were clean and nicely furnished. Salinas slowly set Tony down on the couch. Tony didn't allow himself to get comfortable until Salinas let him go. When he did, Tony practically became one with the couch. It was
He was only finally convinced to give in when he glanced up at his honorary aunt. Her green eyes looked at him, full of concern and sincerity. She honestly wanted to know what was wrong, so she could help him. She wasn't going to get mad. Hell, maybe if he asked, she wouldn't tell his parents. There was only one problem, though, and his eyes slowly drifted over to the door. Peggy took notice and glanced over her shoulder before looking back at him.
"Because that's what you're supposed to say when someone blames themselves?" Stark guessed. "Would you rather I say, 'fuck you, asshole?'"
Not knowing how to feel other than surprised, Bruce followed her out the door and down the hallway. At least now he had a clearer head and could do his job.
"But why would they try to interrupt one of our press conferences like that?" Lara questioned. "Especially such an impromptu one. I can see them trying to interrupt something we planned days or even weeks out like that, but less than six hours before?"
Returning to the observation room, Tony took a moment to re-evaluate the situation. Now that he knew that several hours had passed, he took notice of things he hadn't before like that Fury had left. Hill and Coulson were still there, though, and it seemed as if the chaos of the situation had become a little more controlled. If Tony had to guess, it was because they knew exactly what they were doing now.
Romanoff dealt with it well. She did not bat an eye at any of the passive aggressive remarks that some of the board members threw at her. Although, she had most certainly heard worse being a spy who had the unfortunate crippling disability of also being female. Still, Tony had to admit that he himself wouldn't be able to deal with some of the things they said without repressing it deeply until he cracked, leading him to try to drown it all under gallons of alcohol, so he could admit he could admire her for that. Now he had two things he liked about her and he could say that he would not have known that one if he had not given her a chance.
Slamming the bottle on the ground, Tony threw his head into his hands. He needed booze now. It couldn't wait. Knowing that the only way he was going to get any was by leaving, Tony stood up and flipped the bathroom light off.
"I don't think so," Lara said. "Wait, definitely not. I said he was famous for something before 2006. We've mostly been watching the classics to catch Steve up."
"No," Lara said. "We'd thought we'd treat everyone to an impromptu winter hike through the city." An annoyed look crossed Freeman's face, but it disappeared as he turned to look back at Pepper.
Steve found himself gripping the edge of couch instead, hoping that somehow tying himself to a physical anchor would help him tame the frantic need to run building inside of him. Sadly, if anything it made it worse.
"I just know it wasn't a dream." Tony had to pull back from the admittedly comfortable position he had worked himself into to look up at Steve, gazing directly into his eyes. The imploring look he gave him spoke volumes.
Steve had thought he'd come to accept that being gay was okay now. Apparently, he was wrong. As soon as he saw Tony, though he felt something he hadn't felt in over a year: fear. That horrifying heart-crippling fear that made his head move at a million miles per second and everything else slow down around him. Steve didn't know what it was the first time it happened to him, but now he knew, it was simple self-preservation. He didn't think he had those instincts at all, given his propensity for self-sacrifice, but they still lingered in there, somewhere deep inside him. When he looked at Tony in private, all Steve could think about was what a wonderful person he was – smart, funny, beautiful – and how he just wanted to pull him close and keep him there for the rest of their natural lives. When he looked at Tony in public, though, (or at least around people he didn't trust.) Steve's mind slipped back into that mindset he had back in the forties. If anyone even got the inkling of an idea that he might be attracted – both romantically and sexually – to Tony Stark, then he'd be putting himself and maybe Tony, too, in danger. He'd go into a do-or-die mode, ready to do whatever it would take to keep both him and Tony alive.
the powerline running directly from the arc reactor), Tony's mind started drifting to Steve again. He knew Steve probably knew that he was going to try to go in for a kiss. After all, he might be from the sexually repressed 40's, but he wasn't stupid. Even though neither of them said anything about it the next morning, Tony knew they couldn't put off that conversation forever. No, they had to talk about it at some point and avoiding Steve was only delaying the inevitable.
"I wouldn't start celebrating just yet, Mr. Stark," Rawls said. "You're not quite out of the woods." Tony felt his chest freeze as he turned his eyes back to the doctor. "Further examination of the blood sample you provided us with revealed some alarming results." She placed a sheet of paper down on the tray table in front of him and pointed at the picture on the left side of the page. "These are an example of normal healthy red blood cells. Notice how most of them maintain a rigid, round shape." Tony nodded and she moved her finger to the image on the right side of the page. This one was notably captioned with the labels "Subject: STARK, A. E." and the date. "This is an image of a sample of your blood. Notice anything different?"
"I think it's time you thought about getting a haircut." Adoniram looked at his wife through the reflective surface of the mirror. This had been a tradition of theirs for as long as they'd been together. Before Daniel would go in front of the congregation, Margot would comb his hair for him. When they started this, his hair was brown and in a bowl cut. Now, it was white and began to reach past his shoulders, and even though he kept it tied back in a ponytail most of the time, it still managed to become tangled quickly. Margot had pulled at a particularly nasty bur when she made that remark, causing a flash of pain to come across his face.
Tony couldn't argue with that. He got a hundred from his wallet and gave it to her. Conroy expressed her eternal gratitude before running off to call the cab company. Tony got into the back of the car and chatted with happy as it pulled off into the street.
"True enough," Steve said. "But for what it's worth, I sincerely hope that you never get put in that situation again."
"That's funny," he said. "Considering you didn't want me on that team in the first place. I don't suppose you're going to apologize for that?"
Happy Walking Dead premiere day to anyone who also happens to be a fan of that show and a very Happy Birthday to James Rupert "Rhodey" Rhodes! (I swear, I haven't forgotten that he exists! He doesn't want to be written into any of my stories!)
"I must have muted him," Tony said. "I was already three bottles gone, so I wasn't going to listen anyways."
"Very well," she said. "Let's move on to the last Avenger; Captain Steve Rogers. You met him before the Battle of New York, correct?"
Slowly coming to, Carol couldn't help the flash of panic that came over her as her unfamiliar surroundings came into focus. Thinking for a moment that this could be another instance of memory loss, she forced herself to calm down by taking deep breaths. Once she was breathing easier, she took herself back to the last things she could remember.
"This computer contains a database of every species of animal in this galaxy and every galaxy known," Carol said. "If it exists, everything about it would have been indexed, including its venom and any anti-venoms."
Of course, it was the Peoples Unity Church. SI security and the NYPD were escorting them out, causing the commotion. Lara forced herself to keep her eyes fixed forward and focused on the lyrics rather than the yelling. For one second, she thought that she heard someone calling her name, but she dismissed it as a trick of the mind. …Until she heard it again and again, and it quickly fell into time with the music.
"I've been busy." That still didn't explain why she couldn't have waited until a decent hour, though. "Where are they?"
"Your father is dead, Stark. You know that." Tony pulled the covers away from his face and saw that Carol had been joined by Fury in the doorway. He sighed.
" Steve rushed out to grab his shoulder and stop him from blindly walking into the street. Tony tried to shrug him off.
To all my readers in the US, be advised that the FBI has issued warnings about protests being staged at various state capitols and federal buildings throughout the country. I don't care what your political affiliation is or your own personal opinion on the 2020 election, but please only go out if you absolutely HAVE to and if you do remain vigilant. I was extremely saddened to hear that five people died during the insurrection of the US Capitol back on January 6th, and I really don't want to hear about any more warrantless bloodshed. Please, everyone, just STAY HOME! That's what you're supposed to be doing anyway given the Coronavirus situation, so just think of this as more incentive to do so.
"You're denying yourself comfort." Lara rubbed her arms. "And, judging by the temperature in here, warmth. If you were a baby chimpanzee, you'd be setting yourself up to become a sociopath."
"Let's put it this way," Tony said. "I highly doubt they'll run off and try to create an army of Super Soldiers. Hell, I don't even think they'll take any more than what they need to test it."
"Alright," he said. "Now I know you all have questions you want to be answered, and we'll get to that in a minute. If everyone who wants to ask something could please calmly form a line behind the microphone located in each aisle at this time that would be great. Just please, listen to each staff member standing by and follow their instructions carefully."
Although he had assured Tony that he was there for him – and he really, truly was – he had no idea what he could really do. Tony needed help, but Steve didn't know what kind that exactly was. He thought briefly that maybe Tony needed to see a doctor, but his personal stigma against mental health care made him worry. He didn't want Tony to get hurt, but he couldn't let him continue as he was. It left him with absolutely no idea as to what to do. All he could do was look at Tony and wish he could do something.
Pepper looked down and bit her lip. The realization of what she was being forced into clearly didn't sit well with her. However, she came to accept it rather quickly. As she looked back up, her gaze went directly to Freeman.
While Tony headed for the tower, he sent a video call in to Pepper. She answered right away and was at the ready at the controls to the building's power systems.
"Good," Fury said. "Because that's the only offer you're getting." Tony extended his hand and Fury shook it.
"Still, we should toast now!" Knežević raised his glass with shaky hands, causing some of the glass' contents to spill out. "Just 'cause… Just 'cause we should."
"Alright," he said. "You're really not doing a good job of convincing me that you don't have magical god-like seduction powers." Steve laughed.
Annabeth and several of her colleagues had gathered around the rock that had grown on her back fence the previous night. Well, grown would be inaccurate. Rocks can't grow, but it appeared so suddenly that it might as well have. People were walking around her backyard, taking samples and comparing notes. Annabeth herself was so invested in it that if it hadn't been for Ricky barking, she probably would have never noticed someone was at her door.
Things didn't go "viral" back in 1995. At least, not in the way that we understand today. Computers had much more limited processing power, and sites like YouTube were a full decade out from being created. The most reliable way to play video content was via VHS. Yes, DVDs had been invented by that point, but they weren't as affordable or convenient for the average consumer. After all, most VCRs had a recording function built-in, which made it much easier for people to record whatever they wanted and was less complicated than the process of burning a DVD. Not to mention that if the person possessed the right equipment, they could copy VHS tapes, too, making it entirely possible to share certain videos with friends and family. This was great if you just wanted to share memories or just make a copy of the latest blockbuster. It was terrible if you stood to lose any public credibility.
Taking a deep breath, Lara tried to reassure herself that she'd be fine and that help was most likely on the way. What she didn't know was that Tony wouldn't get her text messages until a full hour later, and when JARVIS tried to notify him of the situation, he got ignored as Tony had the bigger issue of keeping a hellicarier from falling out of the sky to deal with. Help wasn't coming for a while.
"But first, breaking news coming out of Lennox this evening," Rhonda said. "Fire officials are now saying that the blaze that broke out early Monday morning has now been contained, however, residents evacuated from the area still do not have permission to return to their homes. For more, we go to us on-the-scene reporter Jessa Abello. Jess?"
"You've met Captain Rogers and Agent Romanoff before?" Tony answered in the affirmative. "That's interesting. Can you talk a bit about how that came to be?"
One of those blessings was – strangely enough – Stane's arrival. Since he was listed as Tony's next of kin, the doctor could update him as to Tony's condition, which was done as soon as Stane and Rhodey arrived in the waiting area they had been instructed to go to.
"Oh, you're awake." The voice was clearly female. Tony rolled over to face the person and again tried to open his eyes. The hash light badly stung, but he persevered through it long enough to allow his vision to clear up. There, he saw a blonde woman standing in the doorway wearing jeans and a flight jacket. Her name came to him quickly, a sign that he was starting to sober up.
"Hey there, living legend," Tony said. "I don't know if you're up for it, but I got you a cheeseburger if you're hungry." Tony held up the bag to show Steve. The Super Soldier's face noticeably brightened.
Steve chuckled as he freed his arms to wrap around Tony's shoulders. He smiled and leaned into the touch. He could feel Steve relax underneath him and Tony shut his eyes, thinking maybe he could sneak in another hour or so of sleep.
"Right," Happy said. "But what are you going to do about the video? Are you going to talk to Steve about it?"
"It wasn't like right and wrong mattered to me at the time," Natasha said. "All that mattered to me was saving you. Now that I can look at it objectively, I can see that I was wrong. I can also see how I compromised myself…" Clint narrowed his eyes.
"I mean it sounds like you have a nice life," Tony explained. "Why agree to help me when you know who I am and the kind of attention I attract."
So, he and Pepper were still at odds, which considerably soured Tony's mood. Then there was the fact that his personal assistant was out fighting to keep her ex away from her. As annoying as Lara could be, Tony still enjoyed her company and not having her there would make things a little bit harder, but at least he was expecting her not to be there. What he was not expecting was the person who walked straight into his office without even knocking.
"Do you even need to ask?" Tony turned around so he was fully facing Steve and their lips collided within moments. The kiss was very chaste, but both were very reluctant to pull away, especially since this was the first kiss they'd had in almost a week. However, like all good things, it had to come to an end – this time in a comedic way as the elevator doors began to close on Tony, who had taken his arms away from the door to wrap them around Steve's shoulders. Tony let out a little yelp as he pulled back and pushed the door open again.
This wasn't the worst headache Tony had ever experienced in his life – the award for that easily went to the one he had in the days/weeks leading up to his aplastic anemia diagnosis – but it sure was an annoying one. In fact, he wasn't entirely sure it could be completely classified as a "headache." It was just a sort of throbbing, pulse-like sensation in his right temple. He tried pressing a couple of fingers against it, hoping that might ease it into stopping. It didn't. He just ended up feeling the pressure against his fingers as well as in his temple. When he realized that, he slowly pulled his fingers away from his head and frowned. It was clear nothing was going to change. At least, not until he was able to get away from this meeting.
Once again, things were quiet for a while. That worried Knežević at first, but he realized that if she were caught by security, he probably would have heard something by now. So, he resigned himself to staring at a black screen and ate his chips. This was turning out to be a boring show.
"He's all yours, Stark." Fury then walked past him. Tony didn't look back as he stepped through the door panel and descended the stairs to the door to the observation room. He knocked on the door once but realized that the door was so thick that Steve probably wouldn't hear it, so he just went in any way.
"Sounds like a conversation I should be at," Lara said as she started to walk away from the counter. "Better get…" Out of the corner of her eye, she caught something strange. Stepping back to where she was standing before, Lara carefully put a finger down on the page, right on top of one of the many equations. "That equation is unbalanced."
Tony's cries stopped after that, but Steve wasn't sure if that was a good or bad thing. He couldn't focus on that right now. He was still being shot at, after all. Slowly, Steve tried as best as he could to stand up without catching a bullet to the head.
"Okay," Freeman said as Adoniram opened the door for him. "Will do." He took a step through the doorway before turning around to face Adoniram. "I'm sorry, I don't mean to gush, but thank you again, Brother, for this wonderful opportunity. It is truly an honor."
"He's understandably shocked," Fury said. "But he should be okay as long as you keep things light." Tony nodded in understanding.
Within moments she could feel an unfamiliar presence coming close to her. She surged forward, pinning the potential predator now turned prey against the wall hard. She brought the knife up and positioned it inches from Stark's eye, ready to…
Tony's eyes went right to Steve's as hesitation built up in his chest. Even though he could see deep down that his own worries were reflected at him, Steve put on a brave face and smiled. One last time, he gave Tony's hand a gentle squeeze.
Tony was just as afraid of losing Steve as Steve was afraid of losing Tony. He felt confident in that fact. So no, Tony would not ask that. There was, however, a total litany of things that Tony would ask Steve if he was afraid of, though.
"Well, you shouldn't have pushed your luck." If looks could kill, both Lara and Everhart would have dropped dead from each other's glares. Tony finished unhooking his microphone and handed it back to the producer. He was about to walk out, but Everhart spoke up, causing Tony to freeze in front of the door.
"Hold on," Oswin said. "It's probably safe to take my phone out now." Once again, there was a blur of motion as she pulled the phone out of her pocket and turned the camera on herself. He was greeted by the image of her smiling face. "Hello again."
He had woken up that morning at four-thirty after going to bed with Steve at around ten. That would be considered good if it weren't for the fact that he hadn't fallen asleep until one in the morning. When Tony woke up, Steve was still asleep. He usually woke up at five to go for a morning jog, but Tony didn't want to disturb him, even if he'd just be up in thirty minutes anyway. So instead, he got up and went to his office.
"Okay then," he said. "No problem. I understand. Would tomorrow be better or sometime next week? I'm sorry, I'm just anxious to see the girls again."
"I can't say why," Tony said. "I just can't." Slowly, the realization began to dawn on Peggy's face.
"Well, check again," Tony insisted. "You had to have missed something because I just don't feel right. Also, where's Steve? Are you still getting him or do I have to throw a tantrum?"
"If you take into consideration that Barton seems to be showing symptoms…" Bruce trailed off there, his voice grim. He didn't want to picture Barton sick, or any of the other Avengers, really. The idea of such a horrific murder attempt made him…
"Well, hopefully this will make up for it." Steve closed the distance between them and gave Tony a slow, sweet kiss. Pulling back, they were both smiling and rested their foreheads against each other.
"Worse," was the only response she could think to give for a few moments. She pulled herself together long enough to say "keep him there. I'll talk to him." She then hung up the phone and sprinted for the stairs. The elevator would take too long.
"In case you needed to kill me," Bruce finished for Fury. "But you can't. I know, I tried." Everyone stared at Bruce in shock. Tony felt his heart sink a little at that admission, reminding him of dark places. "I got low," Bruce explained. "I didn't see an end. So, I put a bullet in my mouth, and the other guy spit it out. So, I moved on. I focused on helping other people. I was good until you dragged me back into this freak show and put everyone here at risk." He then turned to look at Natasha. "You want to know my secret, Agent Romanoff? You want to know how I stay calm?" Both Fury and Natasha put their hands on their weapons.
"Yes," Tony said, only just then realizing that Steve hadn't been around for the AIDS epidemic in the 80's/90's. "Yes, that's very good."
"I'll take you to the Stark Industries homepage," she said. "Why what is it that you're looking for."
That didn't stop Tony from letting it put a damper on his mood, though, since it was a little bit hard to fantasize about having sex with his handsome, muscular boyfriend when he had to be paying attention to a woman explaining how and when it was appropriate to touch a co-worker. (The answer was never.) It was truly a buzzkill. Tony spent most of the time the HR woman was talking playing around with the signal coding on his phone. He was surprised he got away with it if he did before Pepper swiped the phone out of his hand. Tony looked at her flatly.
One of them was Steve's internalized homophobia. Although all things considered, Steve was rather accepting of his own sexuality, growing up in the 1920s and 30s hadn't done him any favors. At that time, bisexuality and homosexuality were considered diseases to be cured, sometimes in the most horrific ways possible. If you were gay or bi, chances were you'd be locked up in an insane asylum, never to see the light of day again. Men didn't date men, women didn't date women, and gay marriage was a joke at best. This was the reality Steve was raised under and still at times seemed to be the only one he could comprehend.
"You know, Oswin tried to warn me about this," Knežević said. "She said by robbing you we'd essentially be asking for you to show up in your Iron Man armor and kick out asses. I'm just surprised it took you this long."
"But I can stay with him though, right?" Steve asked, the tiniest hint of desperation in his voice. "I mean, the serum prevents me from becoming sick."
S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent Clint Barton had been assigned to monitor the operations of Project P.E.G.A.S.U.S. all the way back in April. It wasn't the most exciting assignment in the world. Most of the time he just sat up in his perch and watch the scientists work diligently down below. No one ever did anything suspicious, they just went about their business. It was tedious, but Clint never took his eyes away from the lab down below. If he looked away for even a second, that could be the one second that put the entire operation and everyone in the lab in danger. So, he silently watched day in and day out, secretly looking forward to the day where they wrapped this whole thing up and he could go home.
"Just get off the plane and walk forward," he said. "Happy is right over there with the car." Tony pointed over to a white sports car that was parked nearby, and Steve started going down the steps, walking them towards it.
There was only one acceptable way of waking up in the morning in Tony Stark's humble opinion, and that was to a lustful Steve Rogers – still bed-addled and sweat-drenched from the night before – wrapped around him and up and ready to go for round two. …Or five. …Or twelve. However, in lieu of that, he could say that eating a blueberry yogurt bowl and in taking ungodly amounts of caffeine while he watched his boyfriend fry up eggs for everyone else was a rather nice one. The only change he would make to the scene would be to have Steve cook shirtless, but basic kitchen safety would not allow that. So, Tony would just have to settle for fantasies,
Oswin nodded in understanding. Knežević ran at top speed towards the nearest fence and climbed over it. Oswin followed closely behind.
"Oh, so much more," she said. Meanwhile, Natasha got over her shock. Well, at least enough to say something.
"We can't always get what we want." Although Steve was doing his best not to look disappointed, Tony still couldn't help but notice the slightly sad note in his voice. "But I still don't think it's a good idea for you to go back to work so soon."
"I get the point," Carol said, holding up a placating hand. "But I still broke all that stuff, I should be held responsible for it."
So yes, it was vital for me to show the other Avengers wanting to help, but not wanting to push Tony into doing anything he didn't want to do. At the same time, Tony needed to be receptive to the idea of getting help. I think he's getting there. I still don't think he's willing to admit that it's a problem yet, but I think the Avengers showing their support along with what Carol said to him will give him a push in the right direction. Though, he might need another small push or two to commit entirely. Until then, just knowing he has people who are willing to help and support him will probably be enough.
"While we were in D.C.," he explained. "I found him in an alleyway eating out of a Lucky's Pizza box."
"Boss didn't say he was bringing anyone back with him." Steve heard Tony mumble something but couldn't make out what he said. "How much has he had to drink?"
"A magician never reveals her secrets." The smirk remained on her face as she drank down the last of her beer.
"I'd offer you something to drink," he said. "But Pepper cleared this place of all alcohol two weeks ago. The strongest thing I can offer you is a bottle of apple juice with a best by date of 10/17/11." Natasha shrugged.
"Okay, Brother Daniel." Carol had a hard time keeping the venom out of her voice, but she managed to hide her disdain enough to get him to let go of her hand. Carol discreetly wiped her hand on her pants as soon as it was free. "It's wonderful to meet you."
S.H.I.E.L.D. immediately began to study the files once Tony gave them access. It was like watching a bunch of little kids opening Christmas presents, only with less of a mess. The agents dug into the files, transferring the data and information to their own computers and studying every single piece of information on Captain Rogers as they could find.
"I appreciate that," Tony said. "But I'll be fine. I just need to talk to Pepper really quick, then I'll be right up, okay?" Steve nodded.
"Alright," Lara said. "Well, I guess I'll see you tomorrow then! Bye, feel better!" Lara collected her things and was out the door in mere seconds. Rhodey followed closely behind her.
That left Lara, Bruce, Clint, and Natasha to explain the events of the night to Commander Hill. Lara explained what had happened at the party and when she went to do wakeup calls that morning. Clint and Natasha picked up when they were alerted to the situation. Hill listened intently and didn't interrupt. There was a glaring gap in their story – what had happened when Steve and Tony had left the party – but none of them were able to fill it. Lara was able to give the vague explanation that "they had a fight and Tony snuck out sometime during the night," but that was it. They could only assume what had happened until Steve was present to fill them in. Until then, they could only speculate and turn their attention to other matters.
"Monday is what I'm hoping for," Tony said. "If they don't come through with their promises by then, I'm leaving. I'd say expect me by Monday afternoon at the latest."
"You mixed Ketamine and alcohol because you wanted to sleep?" All attempts to keep any note of incredulousness out of his voice failed. Tony shook his head.
"Wouldn't expect nothing less." Though, admittedly Tony was a little let down. Pepper was the only ride he had back to Malibu. He still had the clothes he came in with, so that wasn't an issue. He just really didn't want to wait for a cab. Seeing as he had no other choice, Tony just sucked it up and put his pants on. Once he had that done, he pulled the hospital gown over his head – not bothering to untie the ties – and slipped his undershirt and white button-up back on.
"What about last week?" Steve went white as he realized where he had been going with that thought. "That's right, you're not going to say it. Not in front of all these people." Tony gestured to Fury, Natasha, and Thor, who were too busy with their own argument to take notice of what they were saying. "What are you so afraid of, Steve?"
