Steve looked at him closely and hoped Tony knew he understood. He smiled, and Tony returned the same adoration Steve hoped he had given him with his gaze. They started kissing again.
"It could be possible?" Steve asked Tony.
"Tony?" There was a voice heard in the distance. "
"Right now, Sir."
_ _ _ _ _
"Hi, Mr. Stark," Sarah said on the phone.
" game, I could think you came to do an important mission.
. Then, another thought also came to him. He had to finish running the recycling project because he also had that other thing in mind. Only a few details were missing, so he thought about the girl at the conference he went with Steve. It would be great if she took care of the implementation, especially if she had experience and so he didn't have to take care of the initiation protocol.
«Thanks, dear,» and Tony locked the door.
_ _ _ _ _
"Sure, please be careful," Steve replied to Bruce with concern in his voice.
Tony saw the painting and comprehended what Steve meant to say. His heart tightened in his chest of admiration for that extraordinary man. He took a look at Steve who continued captivated with the painting and went to walk. While passing by one aisle, his mind started to wander. He knew the rage had made him say unpleasant words to Steve, buy they only reflected the fear of facing a reality he could now recognize. Impossible to deny his attraction for Steve, but there was an inexplicable connection that made him want to always be by his side. Even when he was with Pepper, he had always felt it. During the 2 years Steve was away, he carried in his pockets the cellphone he gave him. Now he could also recognize it was a way to keep Steve near him, always present. His distance had always made him feel that strange emptiness, and now, he could feel complete.
— — — — —
"I know. I want you to have the thrusters ready by the time I tell you." Tony had no idea how he could do it, but he was feeling a force drawing him. As if an invincible thread was pulling him over to where Steve was. That couldn't make sense, but he didn't need to tell FRIDAY where to go. He already knew it. He felt it in his body.
"Sure," Steve replied assuring him.
In a few seconds Tony felt relaxed and moved his hips a little giving Steve permission to continue. Steve pushed into him at a lazy pace first, fearful of harming Tony. Like that was a promise of pleasure for which there was no need to despair. They kissed again, and Tony rolled and pushed back. His intense moan of pleasure that echoed on the room, was born from the burning sensations of having Steve inside him and his stroke to his newly awaken cock. But Tony wanted to please him, and Steve seemed only to think about how to please him. Tony kissed Steve and suddenly pulled away from him to lie on the bed with his legs open.
«Maybe I could stay in the past,» Steve said looking at him.
He just wanted to know more, to understand what had happened to him and that future where they were...
"Because it is an extreme nonsense. Because you can't change the past," Tony told him exasperatedly.
"Why don't we do it at once?" Steve asked them.
"It will be a good year," Steve told Thor smiling, and trying not to think about the heat he was feeling in the middle of December.
"Yeah, I think I know her," Tony said playing selfless, but he knew Natasha had captured him watching her.
"Do you know where he could go now?," Steve asked her.
"Strange told me we created a different reality when we encountered in the two times we did. But in the end everything would keep the same
"It hasn't arrived yet, but we'll be fine here," Tony also assured them.
A deep silence took hold of the room now, and out of the sudden neither of them could look at the other. They were trying to understand all the implications of Steve words. They were recognizing everything that had been said and not certainly said.
No, don't you dare think anything, he told himself. It won't help at all. It won't make this any easy. OK, the exhibition was over for him too. Better to go to the fair.
«The bed is comfortable to be a cell» Steve said, focusing on the bed now.
"What the hell are you doing here?," Tony raised his voice. “Where is Friday?," he asked getting angry.
"We don't have to argue. I understand why you want to go. It's fine," Tony told him kissing him. "Everything will be so perfect. I'm not afraid of anything going wrong. And, I trust you," he said looking at him with loving eyes.
He didn't want to think about what could happen if they could really bring them all back. He wanted that with his whole being, but he had to admit to himself he was also afraid. Afraid of losing this second chance life had given him. Afraid of losing
«That part can be proved» And Tony sent a blast over Steve.
«We have to do something about it,» Tony said with a smirk.
"Good morning, Cap,» Tony said with a soft smile.
Tony looked at her and for a moment he thought about kissing her, but then he remembered he was in Steve's body.
"You won't move," Steve said in a whisper, and Tony closed his eyes with a sharp exhale.
," Steve said, emphasizing as if it were obvious.
voice.
Indeed, the worst thing Tony had imagined was happening. Part of the mines had exploded and the land began to give way. He approached the place of the explosion that was on fire and managed to see an area to access. Without thinking twice he entered. Everything was collapsed, full of dust.
care about you," Steve said  with pain in his voice. "I want you to know I am here for you. I want to help you."
"I love you too," Steve said with a soft smile.
"I imagine it's normal," Steve sighed.
«I said...»
"The three of you sit, right now." Tony heard the girls' mom say impatiently. Incredible the resistance they had to stay awake and keep playing, Tony thought smiling.
"Steve," Tony looked at him overwhelmed and kissed him again.
Steve was naked kneeling on the bed with his elbows on the mattress. Tony made his way back behind him stroking each muscle in his body with his hands. He went on testing Steve's skin with his lips as he listened to Steve breathe eagerly. Tony placed himself between Steve legs and kissed his buttocks only to then taste them with small bites that made Steve gasp. He pushed Steve’s thighs apart spreading him wider and revealing his entrance. Tony began giving him little kisses around until his tongue lightly brushed his entrance and he watched as Steve gasp while his hands grabbed the sheets beneath him. When Tony began to lick him properly, he listened in ecstasy to Steve's hot, tight moans. Tony kept playing with his tongue to moisten Steve's entrance, and his sudden gasps and sighs filled the silence of the room. He could feel Steve muscles twitching while he slipped his tongue inside him, loosening his entrance with each thrust. Steve's arousal could be felt all over his body, but his ragged breathing and those guttural groans were the ones taking over Tony's arousal. He started licking with his tongue Steve's perineum at intervals with his hole. Then, he slid half a finger into Steve's entrance and kneaded the sensitive walls, all while sucking Steve’s rim.
Tony could feel Steve's erection now and deciding to take this as far as he could, he moved his waist to brush Steve's cock. "
"You're the worst," Steve said, leaning back and covering his face, but laughing too.
Bucky stared at him confused, but then he took a deep breath before speaking. «I don't know him enough. But that day in Siberia, he was fighting two fights. He was fighting me for what I had done to his parents. But
? No, because the caress on his face and his hand. No, that must have been a dream. Tony was completely sure.
"I spoil you too much," Steve said, kissing him softly and getting out of bed.
"Tony."
_ _ _ _ _
"He seems to be telling the truth, but I don't understand what he was talking about," Steve looked into her eyes puzzled.
«You will hurt yourself,» Steve told him. He was behind him looking at Tony trough the mirror.
"Congratulations, Stark. I  must introduce you to Valkyrie," Thor said smiling.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve looked at him carefully. Tony was so smart, he never ceased to surprise him.
Tony was breathing heavily, looking at him sideways.
"Thank you all for coming. We are glad you are back. Finally, we are all together again," Steve said when everyone stopped applauding.
"Maybe I could help you relax in a different way," Chandra said, moving her hand to touch him. "Love, are you sure you were having a nightmare?" Chandra replied jokingly.
Steve smiled and turned to see him. "Thanks for coming. I don't think I would have been able to help them if you hadn't been here."
Tony sighed. "I don't know how to do it if I know I'm so close. I feel I shouldn't stop," he said looking into his eyes.
Time stopped at the moment their lips touched again. Steve was kissing him and Tony succumbed to desire with those lips that slowly tortured him. With one hand in his neck, Steve softly caressed him while also stealing his breath every second he pulled his lips away to kiss him softly one more time. Tony accepted the surrender completely. He needed Steve,
"It must be very strange for you," Tony sat on the bed next to Pepper.
"Pepper, what happened? Where am I?" Tony heard those words were said by an odd but familiar voice. He tried to touch her face but again he saw that hand he didn't recognize.
_ _ _ _ _
"I'll keep that in mind," Tony smiled at her.
Tony smiled, and he kept thinking how he would like to talk to her and hear her laugh too.
«But you didn't. And I give him a week and you two will be fighting as the grandpas you both are,» Natasha told him trying to make him feel better.
Steve and Bucky were at the same pace running. They had given several rounds to the park. Nevertheless, he had to stop for a second.
"I thought it didn't do anything to you," Tony replied amused.
«I'm always here, Love,» Steve caressed his face.
"A farewell," Strange replied.
Steve was standing at the end of the wooden path over the lake. In the sky, the grey clouds were filling every part. It will start raining soon, Steve thought. It had been good to be alone for a couple of days. Tomorrow he would make the journey of returning the stones. He knew what he had to do. Now he was sure. Suddenly, he heard the Iron Man suit land on the ground a few meters away. In one way or another, he knew Bruce would tell Tony what they have talked. He heard Tony's footsteps echo through the wood, but he couldn't turn to see him. He didn't feel strong enough to see him in the eyes. Thunders were heard in the sky.
Steve leaned his forehead against his and sighed deeply, "Me too," he said softly.
"Where? Tony? What's going on?" Tony heard Pepper scream, but he ran to his room to find his reactor. He immediately placed it in his chest, opened the balcony of the room and fly away into the storm.
"Yes, please," Tony replied.
Rhodey was hugging him and Tony responded very strongly, as if that hug could calm the immense grief he was feeling. The world was shattering again. The storm had not passed, he was barely in the eye of the hurricane. Tony felt weak and dragged Rhodey with him to the floor. He broke away from the hug and leaned on the kitchen shelf. His hands on his bent knees and his head down. Tears were still the protagonists of the moment and the pain seemed like an insatiable monster. Rhodey was stroking his shoulder without saying a word, and Tony painful sobs echoed on the kitchen walls.
_ _ _ _ _
Tony wondered. Likewise, he felt a caress on his face. Someone was caressing him softly, and he heard the sound of words that seemed whispers, but that he could not understand.
"Great, and you? he replied getting up from his desk. “Thank you for coming." Tony pointed her to come inside and take a seat.
guy, hum?," Tony said with a smirk.
"I need to focus. That is all," Tony said but did not look up.
"Maybe I should be the one to go," Tony said ashamed. "I stayed because I didn't want to leave you alone. But I'm the one who has to go."
"FRIDAY, where is Steve right now?" Tony asked after a few minutes in silence.
"I'll wait for you," she nodded.
Steve looked at those eyes that were his life. "I love you," he told him and kissed him tenderly. "I was fooling myself by saying I should stay in the past. I just was scare at the thought of not being with you," Steve said looking at him ashamed.
_ _ _ _ _
"My fellow friends, you need to come inside! There is still plenty of mead for you," Thor was shouting from afar, and apparently had not noticed the scenario in front of him. Tony tried, as much as he could, to separate himself from Steve without falling. All of the sudden, Thor was in the middle of them placing his arms in each of theirs necks and taking them inside.
_ _ _ _ _
"No, I think I'm fine," Tony said but felt how the anxiety began to increase gradually.
"You're mine," Tony told him, sinking his cock completely and making Steve's fiery, hard moan echoed on the room.
"He will, but we just need those two to come to an understanding," Tony said confidently.
Steve smiled shaking his head. "You are impossible even in my body," he sighed. "I better leave you to rest." He addressed to the door.
— — — — —
_ _ _ _ _
"No, please, thank you for helping me. And the team too," Tony raised his hand to greet a group of engineers gathered near them.
Steve smiled, "But how can I avoid them?" he asked hopefully.
"Tell me your
"Nope" Steve smiled.
It was sadness in Tony's voice what Steve could recognize. He took a deep breath and left the apartment trying not to make noise. He needed to walk for a good while.
Enjoy!
"I must return to my house," Tony said without hiding his sadness.
"How did you know I usually come to this floor?" Tony asked curiously.
"Well that's all for today. Okoye said she was connecting a little later to the meeting," Natasha said getting up and leaving the room. "Behave you guys."
"Of course you will not agree with me," Steve said, taking Tony's hand to give him the GPS.
Natasha shook her head. "Steve," she insisted.
"It has been wonderful, Tony. I have loved to share these days with you. I don't know how to thank you," Steve said, trying to express not only how grateful, but how delighted and complete he could feel for having lived those days exclusively with him.
Steve nodded.
"What happened?" Steve asked beside him.
. The words he so feared to say, the strength he could not find to say what he should say. She had summep up everything in a single sentence. He had sent her that message so at least she knew he recognized the strength of her love. She didn't answer, but Tony didn't expect her to either. Their story, it was also a beatiful love story he will keep in his heart.
"Sir, the team will be with you in half and hour," Tony heard FRIDAY say into his earpiece.
"He's downstairs. We were sorry about yesterday. It must have been very difficult to process when you saw him. We thought it would be better if we explain it to you first," Bruce replied.
"I missed you too," Tony said breathlessly.
Tony sighed and showed him his hand. Steve examined his hand and sighed regretfully when he saw there were some bruises as well.
In two days a tribute would be made in the city center to honor the memories of the people the world lost. A year had passed since the disappearance of half of humanity. Tony couldn't help feeling a small stab in his heart.
"Ah, yeah, sure," Tony replied looking at the screen with concentration.
Tony woke up. He had fallen asleep in his lab chair. It was dark outside, maybe it was time for dinner, he thought. The night before he had been unable to sleep. The fatigue seized him, and he did not know when he had fallen asleep in the chair. Tony felt more rested at least, apparently he had been able to sleep for a couple of hours even when a new nightmare woke him up. Lately, he did not dream of Pepper's disappearance, which was already quite cruel. But he dreamed of the life they could have had, and that even seemed to be worse. Time, had said Bruce,
"Hey, breathe, buddy. Just breathe," Rhodey told him very calmly approaching.
Tony this time bit his lip to not laugh loudly, and then he tried to look serious. The intensity of the redness on Steve's face couldn't be more obvious.
"Shut up, Stark," Natasha said smiling.
What he did not expect to see, was sitting at the kitchen counter. Steve turned to see him and was also surprised.
It has been a long way to get were they were, and Tony felt so happy, so complete. Pepper will always be in his heart, but Steve, he owned it now. Never in his life had he felt that freedom of wanting to feel, explore and live
Steve was in danger.
Tony half smiled. He could feel the warmth in his heart of love for Pepper, and now he felt stupid and guilty for having been thinking about Steve in the bathroom.
"I hope you liked spending these 2 days here," Tony said with a little restlessness.
"They thank us for helping, but the images of the fight with Thanos came back to me and I cannot avoid thinking I didn't do enough," Tony said sighing.
He managed to pass him out and stood up because he had to insert the last one. He ran and heard the shot first before feeling it on his leg, but got up and managed to insert it. Another shot, and he saw his stomach bleed. Tony closed his eyes very tightly overwhelmed by the pain and when he opened them he saw himself holding Thanos's hand in full force. For just an instant, the giant looked surprised, but hit him causing him to lose consciousness again. When Tony opened his eyes again, he saw Natasha sitting in the meeting room. “The other day I saw Tony and Pepper in the street. They did not see me.” Tony couldn't answer her or maybe he didn't want to. There was a silence between them. “Since when are you in love with him?” Natasha asked him.
_ _ _ _ _
"I just want you to know,” Chandra began to say. “Even when in my heart I know our days are numbered, that one day you will leave my side. I want to enjoy every second I have with you. Both, the good times and the bad times," Chandra said looking at him tenderly.
"I'll wait for you," Steve said staring at him.
Tony looked at her and caressed her face. She closed her eyes and sighed. "Sorry for making you go through all this. You don't deserve it," he apologized.
please,” Tony was begging him.
At the living room, Steve sat down and pointed out to Tony to sit next to him on the sofa. Not even for a second did Tony stop to think about the jokes that would follow that, and sat next to him. Natasha sat next to Tony and winked at him. Tony couldn't understand how everyone was so little surprised at this new situation. As if it was something they already knew, before Tony, it was going to happen. Well, Tony knew Natasha was the first to know, but he was surprised Rhodey and Bruce also knew they could end up together. Apparently, they knew him quite well. Some teasing friends, but friends, Tony smiled. Suddenly, Tony noticed how Steve took him by the hand intertwining their fingers and caressed him while watching TV. Tony turned to see him and Steve smiled at him affectionately. Tony responded to his touch and turned to continue watching TV thinking about how strange life could be. Today he was there feeling loved, not only by an extraordinary man he admired intensely, but also by his friends. Life had turned too big in such a short time. And even though, thinking about Pepper, it seemed unfair that he could feel so happy and complete again. He knew she understood him and wanted him to be happy. She would want that his heart continued beating overwhelmed as it did at that moment, wrapped in a sense of calm that could be translated into sublime joy.
«You don't have to. It's OK, it was my mistake that brought us here. And it's me who is making you carry this burden». Steve said sounding distressed.
. He stopped to look at him and in his mind the memories kept coming. Suddenly, a thought seemed to invade him, and Tony couldn't help but be amazed at it. Steve seemed to feel his presence and woke up.
Tony turned to leave, but Steve took him by the arm. He turned him around and was in front of him very close when he spoke. "We care about you Tony.
He couldn't help it. He wanted to
"Apologize?!" Tony laughed sarcastically. "Why would you come to apologize for? Let me guess! Because your dear friend killed my parents and you hadn't said anything to me? Because Rhodey got hurt by our meaningless fight? Because it was not enough
"Are you boyfriends? Like Uncle Ben and Thomas?" asked one of the girls.
"I'll have a drink," Nebula said too.
They were in the party hall of the palace celebrating the new year. The whole team moved there to spend a few days. They were having a celebration in style as only Wakanda knew how to receive the new year. All were dressed very elegantly, there was a lot of food, drinks and the music recreated all the joy contained in the faces of those present. Everyone felt like being with the family and in the bottom of their hearts, they all felt united as one. For a couple of years now, they had come to celebrate the end of the year in Wakanda. And although technically Tony and Steve were on their honeymoon, they could not refuse to come and share with the rest of the team, the family.
"Well you're a spoiled child after all," Steve said, teasing him.
Tony looked towards the car, and the darkened windows did not allow him to see Pepper. He turned to look at the man and nodded. "Wait a second, please."
A few hours later Tony was walking along the lake lost in his reflections. He had written to Pepper to make sure she was okay, to know if she had arrived home safely. Her answers could not be shorter;
Steve was kissing him again, and Tony broke apart to continue teasing him, «No really. How old are you now? 110? 120?» Tony asked him grinning.
"She told me not to get on the ship," Tony said.
Death has always been present in his life, in some way or another he had always dealt with it. But
"Perfect, thanks for counting on me. I look forward to our meeting tomorrow," Sarah replied.
"Hey, everything will be fine. I promise," Steve said quietly.
"That must have been difficult," Tony said with a sigh, "But perhaps the only good thing about not being able to get drunk is not going through the hangover."
Bruce, who was already starting to look more like Hulk got out of bed. He seemed to be fully aware, but it wasn't Bruce.
"Thank you very much. Both of you for helping us," said who appeared to be the girls' dad. "We recently moved to this city and did not know exactly what to do. We are infinitely grateful you helped us."
"How long was I unconscious?"
— — — — —
Tony smiled when he saw Pepper touching Clint's wife's belly. He took a look at everyone gathered there. There was quite a lot of noise with so many children running from side to side. Peter was now making Happy laugh, maybe telling him some of those bad jokes he knew. Rhodey was talking with Sam, and Clint and Bucky seemed to be fighting over a card game...
, Steve said to himself. He knew Tony was a smart guy, and if he wasn't asking about Loki anymore, it was because he considered that useless. He had figured something out. Actually, he did not know how many hours he was passed out, so maybe that must have given him enough time. He needed to give him an honest answer.
Steve softly laughed. "I'm sorry, Love. But I promise you I'm going to make up for you tonight," Steve said stroking his face.
that tasted like a sweet farewell.
, he thought. This was all his fault. It would not happen again, he would soon leave and...
Tony looked at her and nodded. "I would like to speak with Steve for a moment."
"I asked Friday what was the least dangerous path, so Rhodey could go that way," Tony said with a sigh.
, his mind yelled. Love had died the day he returned and learned she also had disappeared. No one could talk about love. It was not
"Yes."
_ _ _ _ _
"It won't be long," Steve told him like if he had read his mind. "We will connect tomorrow at noon."
«I don't think so Tony» said Steve, feeling the emptiness grow in his heart. He knew it was the right thing to do.
"Tony, are you OK?"
, Bruce's words echoed in his head. A small step in trying to comprehend loss, he thought.
"It's the human condition, my friend," she half smiled and put a hand on his shoulder.
Bruce laughed heartily, "OK, we better continue with our thing."
Steve understood they would not talk about what had happened. Maybe it was for the best, he thought.
was the source of Steve air. Tony was kissing him passionately again, and he could feel the heat of their bodies burst with friction. Tony took Steve's hair to get him closer and felt how Steve grabbed him by his pants to bring him closer to his erection. Tony couldn't help moaning loudly.
"No, Tony, I need you to come to the compound right away," Steve told him. He had intended to sound as calm as possible, but it didn't work.
"I'm fine. It was just a nightmare," Steve replied as he sat on the bed.
A couple of months later, they had been invited by the secretary of state to one of the conferences on peace treaties with other nations. The world seemed to start from scratch on everything. New treaties would be established and agreements signed. But not only to defend and protect countries, now it was about protecting the Earth. The Avengers had to be part of the conference and by unanimous vote (or not), the team decided Tony and Steve were the representatives chosen to go.
"Well I can't be better if Tony Stark himself tells me to help him on a project," Sarah said very pleased.
Tony was trying to catch his breath when he opened his eyes and saw Steve in front of him again looking at him tenderly. As if the image of a Tony having just reached orgasm was the sweetest thing he had ever seen.
guy to this extremely relaxed, and by the way, cool guy» Tony said smiling.
"Did you think of another option that wasn't to sacrifice yourself?" Steve asked.
_ _ _ _ _
"Good luck with that," Bruce replied with a half smile.
Tony closed his eyes and kissed her forehead. "I'll go to the shower."
Tony was in the compound's garden. Some new members were exercising in the vicinity. Steve came over and stood by his side.
Steve stared at him for a moment. “I'm afraid you do,” his voice contained a profound sadness.
"I love you," Tony took his face to kiss him softly.
Tony took a sip of his coffee. "OK, now I don't know what to say. And I swear I had several arguments prepared."
Tony started running through the halls of the compound and found no one there. This was becoming a nightmare, no, perhaps he was dreaming and needed to wake up. He went to the door and when he opened it, the overwhelming silence was still there.
Tony went to the kitchen. He had no idea where he should go, but he felt he wanted to run away from something.
"Morning, Cap," Tony said with a half smile. He could notice the worry on Steve's face. The way he got out terrified from the living room had been quite obvious to everyone.
"Yes," Steve said admiring again that smile he loved so much.
The smile on Tony's face could melt Steve wounded heart; he looked excited. They were in the garage of the house, in front of his incredible car collection.
"Bruce, hey, are you alright? Is that you?" Tony said worried, kneeling in front of him.
"It seems like a very long road," Tony said with melancholy in his voice.
Steve laughed knowingly. "I think there is not much, but if you want I could prepare you a sandwich."
"Jesus, Tony!" Steve said worried, approaching the kitchen to remove the food and lower the fire. "OK, I can't cook with you here. You distract me and we will end up eating smoked," he said smiling when he turned to see him.
"I have a list," Steve joked and Tony laughed.
Tony hoped nobody would have heard him. He thought he felt the echo of his orgasm throughout the entire house. A few minutes later, the feeling was still there. God, he was lost and did not know how to return.
"Fuck, it worked," Tony said sighing and smiling at the same time. "It's not that I thought it wouldn't work, but it's a relief."
_ _ _ _ _
"Where is he?" he asked them.
?” Now it was Tony who laughed with all his might.
"None of us could understand it either. They examined you and you were fine. It looked like you were sleeping.”
"I want all of you," Steve replied hoarsely and closed the distance between them kissing him.
"Yes, I do, but it seems they are stronger than me," Steve said now sounding defeated.
Tony smiled, "Let's go."
"Oh baby, you don't know enough battles," Valkyrie told him, taking a drink of her beer.
«Please, I can explain» said Steve trying to put his arms up again.
OK, it was not the time. They had to do the ritual and return to their bodies. That was the most important thing to do right now. Later, they would have time to discuss.
"You know it, but you have to accept it first."
_ _ _ _ _
"OK, that did not work. We'll try the other way," Bruce said trying to sound calm but his frustration could also be heard in his voice.
Tony stared at him. "What have you done with my beard?"
"I will," Steve replied smiling. Tony smiled back and turned around.
Tony tried to put an offended face, but the mischief in his face didn't let him, "You're throwing me out of my own kitchen," he said, approaching Steve again, "I thought I was helping you," he said innocently, placing his lips very close to Steve's.
"Tony, I'm sorry for today" Steve was in front of him with his
"Love," Tony said with a sigh and stroking Steve's face. "You, always,
"Bruce, can I talk to you for a few minutes?" Steve asked him.
Steve returned to the hangar and found Bruce still speaking with Rocket. Luckily, Tony was already gone.
Tony was in his arms again. The world was vibrating again because their lips had joined once more. Steve had seen it in his eyes. He had recognized the feeling even though Tony hadn't been able to say it out loud. He felt it in his body and his soul. Tony eyes confessed it to his heart, and Steve came back to life. This time, the caresses savored the longing that had been separated for eternity. Their lips kissed telling each other they loved each other, wanted each other, missed each other. Like a Déjà vu, Steve took him back in his arms to lift him over the counter. And Tony, as if following the script of a story they already knew, locked him back in his legs.
Steve took the watch with the GPS and set the date. One month after Siberia.
"You are my life," Steve told him in a whisper drawing Tony to him.
_ _ _ _ _
"Peps," Tony looked at her concerned and Pepper's eyes looked at him with tenderness and understanding.
"Good night, Tony," Steve replied.
Both stopped when they heard their names. They looked at each other, and their short breaths were just a hint of what the position of their bodies clearly showed.
Tony stopped and looked at the peaceful lake. There was a fate out there waiting for him, he thought. And it was impossible to know where that path he had chosen would take him. But something in his heart told him he had been right. His soul undoubtedly connected to both Steve's and Pepper's assured him this was the right way.
, it would never regain its meaning. The world has returned, and his world has vanished. He needed to move on. He needed to do what he exceedingly knew best; to be strong and help the world. When the morning comes, he will be there for all of them, once more.
Tony saw Steve fit the shield in his arm. "Thank you, Tony."
"Yes, it would be best," Steve nodded.
"Friday, what's going on? Where is everyone?," He asked the AI.
A few meters from Pepper's parents, his mother turned to see Tony.
"Count on me for anything," added Zuri.
and if his cell phone hadn't rung, he didn't know for sure what he would be doing right now.
_ _ _ _ _
Tony nodded, went to one of the sofas and sat down. "Is this a bit strange, isn't it? I have a feeling of Déjà vu all the time. And I really don't know if I like it or it bothers me." Tony thoughtfully spoke looking at the floor.
and take into notice he was in a cell. There was a counter with food and water. He saw some furniture, but yes, he seemed to be confined. He got up as best as he could and went to the counter to pour himself a glass of water.  While trying not to spill it due to his shaking hands, he then realized he was thirsty and hungry. If he thought about it, he could not remember the last meal he had.
“Steve, please. My little self-control is fading,” Tony said pleadingly.
After more silent seconds, Tony looked at them totally baffled.
"Hi, Steve, Tony," a voice said behind Tony's back.
"Tony, I don't like this," Rhodey told him.
Steve stood up. «I feel like I was living a dream. Finally, I found my place in the world. But now, it feels like I woke up to a reality where I feel lost. Where I do not belong.
"And now you're the expert in time theories? You can't stay!" Tony said loudly.
"And you know what you have to do?" Tony said looking at the floor now.
OK I needed one more chapter!
«Maybe, is it working?» Tony asked with a mischievous smile.
A few minutes later, they were hugging looking at each other. Tony could feel Steve's soft caresses on his back, while he caressed his face.
“Love,” Steve said to his mouth very close, and then kissed him. “Love,” kissing his face. “Love,” kissing his neck. “Love,” kissing him again.
"Oh, in the end you went to your time. That's great," Tony smiled.
"We should go inside," Tony said smiling. They were still standing at the door.
, the pain of this person in front of him.
"I know," Steve told him staring at him. "I have to fight those thoughts,” he sighed. “
"Tony, I remember clearly. I haven't forgotten," Steve said looking at him with tenderness.
Tony looked at Bruce who looked at the floor.
Tony couldn't help but be surprise by Natasha.
They were outside Tony's bedroom, sitting in the hospital corridor.
Time had stopped on that fateful day, and everything there was a photograph that accurately portrayed emptiness and loss. Tony dared to take one more step and walked through the living room. Maybe it was better to go to the lab, he told himself, there he could take something useful. He went down to the lab and noticed how time had stopped there too. The air felt heavy, and every object in the lab seemed to claim to the living that they were left alone. Memories came to him without he giving them permission to interrupt him. The images of Pepper were erupting in his mind, and he could distinguish the places where she had been with him. He could see her as an ethereal ghost that laughed, talked, moved her body, touched him, but that also vanished in the mist. He could not take anything from there.
"1962," Steve replied.
"Come on, have breakfast," Steve said without hiding his smile.
"You have to be strong, Steve," Natasha told him. "The worst is over. But even if things get complicated, you both will make it. It won't be easy."
Tony nodded again.
"Strange? When did you see Strange?" Tony asked in astonishment.
"Come on, my friend," Thor took Bruce by the other arm to help him too.
"Is that an old message?" Steve asked.
Steve stepped away and stared into his eyes, "I love you." He turned on the GPS and disappeared from Tony's kitchen.
and then go to sleep, as it should be. Tomorrow would be a good day. Fun, he was sure.
It seemed morbidly indulgent to let his mind linger on that particular set of memories, honestly. On any given day a good portion of Steve’s mental and emotional energies were devoted to keeping those kinds of thoughts safely contained, unless it was one of the times he was allowed to retreat to Tony’s room. (He choked at the realization that he would never be able to do that again now that the new Tony had officially moved in. It would never smell like
On principal I refuse to devote any mental energies to Wade Wilson. He once attempted to ‘ship’ me with my own cloak I am too distracted by even attempting to consider his orientation to attend to the rest of this question.
, I was fucking right. Ultron could’ve, and then no one would’ve, and I’d still—godammit!”
“Based on an earlier version SHIELD made, yeah. Means it can be turned into any shape, though Steve being Steve, well he likes the familiar. He rarely takes advantage of that function when he uses it.” He whined, just a little, when Bruce stopped massaging him, but the thick, fluffy socks he slid up Tony’s feet afterward did actually feel pretty nice. “JARVIS, dim lights by 30% and put on some Mozart. Uh, let’s go Symphony 40.”
“We are. But you’re a whole person Tony, not just a collection of kinks. A huge part of the reason we wanted so much time off to spend together is to try to imagine not just what your submission would look like, but what our
Tony, but they’re so damn much alike that looking directly at the man was the most torturous delight Steve had ever experienced) and Tony had responded by going nearly catatonic, no one really knew what to do next.
“And I see that once again I must remind you of the importance of precision in your language. What exactly does ‘it’ entail, Mr. Stark?” Tony was very nearly distracted from his purpose by the re-emergence of Phil’s most official, bureaucratic tone, but he somehow managed to stay focused. (He also made a mental note to point out the heroism of said focus later, because truly, it was amazing anyone could think of anything but sex when Phil used Agent mode to joke with his partners.)
Mostly, though, Tony watched Phil and Natasha. He tried not to be overly obvious about it. The last thing he wanted was to make either of them feel like he was staring in a bad kind of way. Because honestly, there was something kind of beautiful about them.
Instead, he hadn’t made it two steps back toward the bed when JARVIS announced Thor’s arrival. He stepped into Steve’s…well, technically Tony’s, bedroom without knocking or even waiting for Steve to pass along his permission to JARVIS. This was odd in itself. No matter how comfortable Thor had grown with them all, he had still spent much more of his life as a Prince who observed strict protocols on behaviour and etiquette. He didn’t look quite like himself either. Thor was the only one of them who tended not to bear physical signs of tiredness, even after a week as intense as the one they’d had, but he certainly appeared weary now. His head hung, nothing like the proud posture that Thor wore as naturally as breathing, and his long blonde hair hung dank around his shoulders as if he hadn’t bothered to wash it in days.
This chapter was particularly challenging to write, partially because it was such an important one plot-wise, and also because I have a vicious cold that's kicking my ass. (But hey, did you catch that pretty important information Tony dropped about the events leading up to his entering the D/s universe?)
As he was vaguely considering the merits of making a third pot of coffee, Tony felt something warm against his left wrist. He looked down to find Thor’s watch. It still looked perfectly innocuous, but it was…yeah, the thing was definitely giving off a low level of heat. Gold really shouldn’t be able to do that, so even with Thor’s assurances about the magic of Asgardian metal fresh in his mind, Tony nearly took the science-defying thing off.
Strategically, it definitely would have been the best choice. Letting them witness how this version of the suit worked meant that Tony was losing a very significant tactical advantage he had over them should things ever turn ugly here the way they had in his own universe. And really, why would they want to watch Tony have what was ultimately going to be a very elaborate temper tantrum?
“Do it, FRIDAY. Now.”
“How did you and I meet? In your world?” Being interrupted was getting kind of old, but it was Rhodey, and he had followed up the question by strolling over to steal the remainder of Tony’s drink for himself, and fuck but he’d missed this. Missed the easy camaraderie and the way this Rhodey wasn’t quite so jaded and broken on so many levels.
“I want to watch you get yourself ready for me.” It was close, so fucking close to the very first fantasy Tony had ever had about being in a Dom/sub dynamic with any of them that the curl of arousal that wound itself around Tony felt just a little bit like fear. How could Steve
Tony rounded the corner into the labs with his mind half on the report he was trying to write for Coulson. At least, that was why he assumed that he didn’t register that Bruce was not the only occupant of the space until he was practically standing right next to both he and Natasha. The latter was her back on the same exam bench, naked, one leg held over Bruce’s shoulder. For a few seconds he felt horribly betrayed by the idea that Bruce would be willing to fuck someone else down here but not Tony.
“You are welcome to see the Bifrost at any time. I did consider bringing you to Asgard this evening, but the Son of Coul reminded me that you are still growing accustomed to one new world and may not appreciate being exposed to another quite so soon. My Mother does yearn to see you, however, and sends her regards.” Thor offered it just like that, like it would be nothing to just take Tony to Asgard, and to bear the thousands of questions Tony would undoubtedly have after a journey like that. After that even the comment about Thor’s mother, who undoubtedly was referring to Mark II, could’t do more than sting faintly.
“That’d be really nice sweetheart. You’re so thoughtful, aren’t you?” Tony squirmed, praise working the way it always did when he was down far enough to accept it. His hands sank lower, one hand cupping his cock for the first time. It didn’t hurt, which a part of him had honestly expected after how intense the scene with Phil, Thor, and Clint had been, but his body was definitely expressing its interest in the proceedings slowly. Thinking of Steve, he tightened his grip, trying to force his dick to get with the program already. His Dominant’s hand encircled his wrist before Tony had even realized Steve was moving. (It was unfair that someone so absurdly muscled could also move so quickly and quietly.) “Slowly. We’re not in a rush.”
“Okay, okay. Look, gimme two minutes and then I’ll be gone the way I came. I’ll even knock the button on the pain-killer dispenser up a level or two on my way out.”
Content Notes: There's a fair amount of sex in this one, both real (Steve and Thor partake of a bondage-heavy scene) and imagined. If you are sex-repulsed or have other questions/concerns before you read, just pop me a line!
“As discussed, Ms. Potts has returned to Stark Industries’ New York Headquarters for the day. The Avengers are in the communal training facilities. They requested, multiple times, that I make you aware of their location and indicate to you that you are welcome to join them if you wish. However, Colonel Rhodes never formally lifted the communications blackout between the team and yourself, and I have never found it prudent to go against the Colonel’s orders in the past.”
“That was different,” Natasha protested. She was sprawled in a makeshift hammock she had fashioned in the corner of the room, which threatened to spill her over the side any time she breathed too deeply. “The other Tony never chose to leave. This one might.”
“There are two things I think we need to at least be working towards before I’ll feel comfortable supporting you involving yourself further with Tony Stark in any capacity. The first is that you need to be in a place where you can forgive your other partners for implicitly asking you to live.”
After stuffing themselves with multiple helpings of breakfast, Ned and Peter went for a walk. It had been one thing to speak about Peter’s side-gig in the apartment in the middle of the night, but there were definite limits on what they could really say when a parent or sibling might burst in at any moment. Some of the giddy relief from earlier began to fade as they walked, replaced by fraught, awkward pauses. After so long apart, neither of them wanted to be the first to cause any further problems.
“I’ll deal with all of that tomorrow. There’s no use in filling any of it in until we find out if Taskmaster is willing to talk or not. SHIELD has our best people in with him now.” Coulson did not sound optimistic, and Tony didn’t blame him. He had never dealt directly with mercenaries (even during the heyday of SI’s weapons contracting Tony had had
“Anything we did that you wouldn’t want to try again, or that we didn’t do and you wish we had?”
Steve is also pushed into entering therapy in this chapter. Nat had warned him before he left that this was coming so it's not entirely a surprise, but the timing definitely is unexpected to Steve, and he's not really given the option to refuse.
Guest Speaker: Col. James  Rhodes
“Lamar isn’t with SHIELD. Seeing as you are no longer with the agency yourself, it seemed sensible to cast a broader net based on need and fit.”
On and on it went. Peter was positive he had gotten at least one question wrong, but then the next question was up before he could dwell on it. After a while, Peter stopped worrying about whether or not he was right, and the whole thing felt almost fun. It had been ages since he’d had the time or inclination to really put his mind to much use beyond staying alive and making improvements to his suit and web-fluid. He’d worried that maybe he wasn’t capable of feeling excited about knowledge and learning for the sake of it, that at some point the lazy and ignorant act he’d been putting on had become a realty.
Like a good futurist, he simply knew now what was going to happen next. There was no way to change it, even if the past decade of fighting and clawing and scratching his way to survival hadn’t made Tony weary beyond measure. He was a part of the Stones, could never have existed without them, probably should never have existed at all. The best he could hope at this point was that when the gauntlet came to him (and it would, he knew that now regardless of the team’s current plan to have Bruce/Hulk handle it) Tony would make it count.
“Yes.”
“Unfortunately I’m going to join the scouting team tonight. Please pass my regards to the General…I’m sorry, I don’t think we’ve met before. May I request the honour of your name?” It was highly formalized query, but one Steve had grown used to making. Many Wakandans, especially those in the military or government branches, chose not to provide foreigners with their names upon first meeting. They used only titles or ranks until they felt the person had earned the intimacy of names often bound up in generational and national legacies that had, until recently, been jealously guarded secrets. Many in the international community read it as arrogance, or a desire to return to Wakanda’s isolationist days. To Steve, who was rarely called by anything but his titles except by the people he kept closest to him, it made nothing
“Guess I’m not in much of a position to negotiate,” Tony grumped. “Suppose and recommend away, Doc.”
“Look, I just don’t want to end up paying interest when someone realizes there’s been a mistake here. So unless you can tell me who my mysterious benefactor is—”
And hey, did I mentioned that you're all wonderful humans lately? Thank you for sticking with me, and for taking time out of days that are exhausting and draining in a lot of ways to provide kudos, questions, and comments. It is a privilege and a delight talking with all of you.
version of him. But somehow he’d consented to stay for two damn weeks, by which point he expected all of them to have worked past the immediate relief of the superficial resemblance enough to realize they could only ever make him act the part of the man they’d loved. (And hopefully by then the pitiful bursts of hope Tony got when the smallest damn things happened, like Clint smiling at him or Phil giving Tony every bit of his attention every time Tony spoke, maybe by then those would be gone too.)
“Oh sweetheart. Oh Tony, I’m sorry. I wouldn’t have left if—nevermind. I’m just sorry, and I won’t leave you again, I promise, okay? Bruce is going to have some food sent up and Dummy can bring it in here and leave it on the bed. Come on, let’s get you in the bath, alright?” He carried Tony to the bathroom, still wrapped in all the bedsheets, as Tony tried to formulate a proper apology for this latest absurdity. (Why couldn’t his version of subspace involve having just a little bit of chill?)
“I kind of think it was mostly fate’s fault, really. It’s not unreasonable to have adjusting to your dead partner’s alter-ego from a different universe showing up and then pitching a metaphorical tent in your house. I mean, I guess I could make it an actual tent if you want the penthouse back, though I warn you that since I’m more of a glamping guy the tent may end up taking up more overall square footage—”
, Tony replied.
“Tony, yes!”
“And being settled, what does that mean? Like I won’t want to sub as much? Wait, are we about to become the old married poly people who never have sex?” Bruce snorted, pressing his hips up against Tony’s so he could feel Bruce’s half-hard cock against his back. It was another thing he never would have done during a regular check-in, and even though Tony had come to value the regularity and routine of how those sessions were run, he was also more than a little delighted by the easy show of Bruce’s desire, even if it was likely never going to go further than this right now.
“Just got mixed up on the days. Been a long week.” He never used to lie, either, especially not to Bucky. But there’s no way to explain that the combination of an eidetic memory and years worth of treasured moments means Steve’s constantly in a feedback loop, always recalling something like it had just happened the day before. Their first kiss, the first time they’d held hands in public, the first time Tony had used Steve’s name instead of a nickname…he remembers them all. Today it had been four years since Steve had first been granted entry to Tony’s workshop.
“It should be you doing this.” When his own words seem to hit Bruce, he winced and buried his face against Steve’s shoulder. “I’m sorry. Fuck, I’m sorry.”
“He asked for a sandwich. Someone get on that.” Then Bucky wrapped himself around Tony like a vice, causing the latter to let out a high-pitched laugh as Bucky’s long hair trailed a ticklish path across his naked back, neck and arms.
“Sorry. Usually better at remembering to let other people breathe more often than I need to. Lie back, sweetheart; arrange the pillows however it’s going to be most comfortable for you. We’re going to be here for a while.” That sounded promising, and Tony would be lying if he said he hadn’t thought more than once about the impact the serum might have on Steve’s stamina, so he took the instruction seriously. He used a couple pillow to prop his head and neck, slid another lengthwise underneath the middle of his back (to ensure he didn’t arch at too extreme of an angle and put too much pressure on his chest); he contemplated putting another beneath his hips, but that seemed a little too presumptuous, so he settled for placing it within arm’s reach. Then he draped himself across the bed in what he hoped was at least a mildly pleasing display.
“Is there anything else I need to know to be able to safely care for your body, Tony? Any other pre-existing conditions, major traumas? I know this is hard, and you’re doing really damn well.” The same part of Tony that had practically come at the very thought of being called a good boy was in raptures at what he sensed was a rare piece of praise from Clint. He suddenly felt a whole lot more naked, and made to adjust his posture, mask at least some part of himself from Clint’s sharp and knowing stare. Just like in his fantasy, retreat wasn’t an option.  In seconds, Clint’s hand was at his hip, pressing him just slightly into the couch in a silent warning.
“No cheating, Brucie Bear. I know you have some kind of bet going with Thor and I am so not getting pulled into the middle of that with this little exercise.”
“I’m not going to promise that. If it comes down to a choice between pissing you off and saving your life, then I know what I’ll be picking. But I promise not to call any of them in unless I feel like we’re reaching that point, okay?”
When Tony imagined being taken on a ‘date’ within the confines of Avengers Tower, he had pictured take-out and a movie,
Steve and Tony scene. That's it, that's the chapter.
“Of course not. But I did think of something, and I need to—”
“This isn’t a pattern.” He wasn’t making a statement, he was pleading. Steve could hear it in the desperate pitch of his voice, which sounded for all the world like he was inhabiting an asthmatic 90-pound frame again rather than his serum-enhanced body. If he agreed, if he acknowledged that this shameful thing he’d long suspected about himself might actually be true, then it changed everything. It affected every single thing he’d ever done that really mattered as Captain America. “I…one life compared to a thousand, a million….”
“Steve,” Tony repeated obediently, feeling some of his earlier resistance start to trickle away at the simplicity of the order, which hadn’t even been an order so much as a request anyway. Steve’s thumb stroked across his cheekbone in quiet approval. “Sir,” he added on impulse, because it felt good and right and safe to offer the honorific to Steve, who shivered the way he always did when Tony said it.
(See the end of the chapter for
He rounded the corner into into the living room and stopped in his tracks. Tony knelt by Bruce’s feet, entirely naked. His head rested on Bruce’s knee, and while his eyes weren’t fully shut, they held almost none of his usual keen awareness. He didn’t even track Steve or any of the rest of the team as they made their way into the space, let alone acknowledge them verbally. The most he seemed to be able to manage was to occasionally open his mouth and suck lightly at the tips of Bruce’s fingers.
“Let’s…let’s maybe go with number two. What—what would that, I mean, what do I do with that?”
And he did. He murmured of cruelties he could barely comprehend, knowing they would hurt Pepper even worse than they did him, because it had been her Tony, her universe, who had really borne the effects of what this Howard had done. He confessed, too, about his own Howard’s play with the Soul Stone, how he’d turned Tony into the only one who could have beaten Thanos, saved Natasha. He hadn’t intended to share quite so much.
Tony had somehow managed to extricate himself from the multiple pairs of arms that had held him through the night without waking anyone; given that those limbs belonged to spies and soldiers who could be brought from dead sleep to full consciousness by the merest hint of a whisper, he felt this deserved some kind of recognition. Instead, he cast a fond look at the three figures on the bed (Nat, Steve and Clint had been the only ones to claim they were tired at the absurdly early hour that Tony had been shuttled off to bed), who were already reaching out to one another in sleep to fill the gap Tony’s exit had produced.
“Take over these onions for me and gimme the really big knife you have and we’ll call it even.”
“Tony, I didn’t know they what I was looking for. Please, you have to believe me, I would never—”
Later, Steve wouldn’t remember making the trip to Coulson’s floor. It passed in a blur, Steve somehow both intensely embodied and entirely outside of himself. Every part of him hurt, but he also felt dulled to all of it, sort of akin to the way that being in the immediate vicinity of an explosive muted your hearing for a while.
“Peter, why do you think I asked you to come stay here? What is it you think I’ve been trying to do since Tony died?”
“Given any more thought to any of the extracurricular options we discussed during our last meeting?” Peter winced. Pretty much everyone in his life—the school, May, even Tony had brought up getting involved at school, but he’d been pretty solidly put into ‘loser’ slot immediately upon entering the doors of Midtown High. He’d then moved over into the more specialized ‘loser who also falls asleep in class a lot’ after the bite and taking up the Spider-Man mantle. And while Midtown might be more evolved in a lot of ways, it was still a high school; there was very little point in trying to move out of one of those boxes once you’d been put there. Peter didn’t see a whole lot of point in trying. “Well, Mr. Harrington has suggested, and I quite agree, that you might do well on the academic decathlon team.” This time Peter couldn’t quite hold back a snort, though he tried his best to turn it into a cough at the last minute.
“Especially at first it felt like a good way to focus my brain. I couldn’t have subbed last night, everything was too busy and jumbled together in my head. Domming doesn’t seem to slow it down the way submitting does, it just—focalizes my energy. Does that make sense?”
“I’m not even going to dignify that with a response.
“Yeah I can tell, sweetheart. Wanna talk to me a little more about that?” Bruce lifted one of Tony’s legs and extended it out behind him in a gorgeous stretch that made something at Tony’s hip pop.
“But isn’t it equally possible,” he mused aloud, “that he just needs it that badly? From everything he’s said it’s not like submission doesn’t exist in his own universe, it’s just not something he ever practiced before. And with everything he’s been through,” Phil waved to the rest of the chart, “it’s conceivable that we’ve just gotten really lucky, that he needs to be cared for in precisely the ways we desperately want to care for him.”
The last section of the chapter also has Tony dealing for the first time in this fic with Peter, both the lingering trauma of his death in IW Part One, and the fact that his presumed resurrection in the other verse will come at the expense of Tony getting to be involved in his life. If child loss (or parent loss, given that Tony also meditates on how his loss in the MCU will impact Peter) is a trigger for you, I would strongly advise stopping your read at "...when they lost you." While Peter's loss will of course impact Tony throughout this story, that pain is very raw and acute here in ways it won't necessarily be for the entire story.
“After we worked on a schedule for how he’ll spend his time here.”
“Tell me how I’m supposed to do this. Please. I get that it’s weird and I know it’s kind of selfish and crappy of me, and believe me I wouldn’t be coming to you if I could think of other options. But the team is all worried about exerting too much influence over my answers, and I’ve already talked to Rhodey about my sex life more in the last 24 hours than in the rest of my life total, and it’s still a little too weird to think about going to Pep with this—”
Some he recognized immediately, like seratonin, dopamine, caffeine (that smartass addition absolutely had to be Rhodey’s); others, like subtonin, took a moment to recognize by feel. But by far the molecular structure that repeated itself the most was also the one with the most complex structure. C43 H66 N12 O12 S2: oxytocin, popularly known as the love hormone. Eventually Bruce reached out so that his fingers joined Tony’s, following him around his exploration of the collar, a love letter written in the language Tony knew and loved best.
“Yeah, I know, right? She still wants to go out, though, as soon as the swelling on my nose goes down.”
“JARVIS? Can you put on Lizzo or something?” he asked after they were closing in on the second hour of loud guitar solos. This request, which the AI immediately fulfilled, did cause some grumbling from Tony’s side of the lab. Seeing Iron Man tap his foot to the beat of ‘Good as Hell’ while triumphantly grabbing a returned boomerang arrow out of the air was entirely worth it, though.
“Uh, yeah, there’s definitely—yeah. We can do pizza. You can stay down here until it gets here if you want, I can always have FRIDAY let you know when it gets here.” Peter shook his head, already rising to his feet and turning his back on the bots without another glance. The only thing more painful than the whole ‘next Iron Man’ thing was the idea that Steve was looking at him and seeing the next Tony Stark. He wasn’t going to add any fuel to that fire.
“I do. To be crass, SHIELD and myself personally have a tremendous amount of power and influence in the current climate, and we rarely ever spend that currency. I’d be happy to do so for this if it was something you both wanted.” Masdee nodded, tracing a finger across the smooth glass of the table in thought. It was an unusual gesture from her or from any members of the Wakandan army who tended toward rigid postures even in more informal moments, but then Masdee was not just a general here and now and everyone knew it.
Steve learned very quickly that Dr. Domen had taken him at face value when he’d asked to be put to work. The first thing she had done was up the intensity of their schedule, so that they would be meeting three and sometimes four times a week rather than their usual one or two. He had attempted to protest that he still had a job that required his occasional attendance, but she had shut that down with brutal, calm efficiency.
“I have a feeling I'm going to get it regardless,” Steve said wryly.
The chapter also contains what I can only describe as unintentional gaslighting on the part of the team toward Steve. They're not doing it on purpose, they genuinely think his worry about Tony has more to do with Steve's well-documented own issues, but it's obviously still not great of them. If you need a redacted chapter or have other questions or concerns, feel free to drop me a line as always.
Content Notes: First response includes representations of physical violence from an enhanced teenager toward an adult, as well as discussion of grieving the loss of a parent. I also want to note that the POV character sounds and likely is vaguely suicidal at the beginning of the response. He's not making any definite plans beyond using time travel, but given that the context of said time travel would be rather different than in the canon, it takes on a different valence here. If you want to avoid the most direct discussions of that, start reading several paragraphs in at "He came to suddenly and violently."
“No indicators of pain stimulus detected, Dr. Banner. Scans for tissue and muscle damage remain clear.”
“Steve.” The speaker’s tone suggested this was not the first or even the second time they had tried to get his attention. Distantly Steve felt ashamed of the idea that Bucky Barnes, of all people, should ever struggle to get and maintain his focus. Bucky had once been practically his whole world. “JARVIS told me you were in here. I thought we agreed no more than once a week.” More echoes of a feeling that would be shame if Steve’s body and heart knew how to really feel anything anymore. Because how ridiculous was it that his team had to keep tabs on him this way, restricting his access to Tony’s old bedroom and clothes. (He’d only agreed to the schedule in the first place because he wanted to try to make the faint scents of Tony—motor oil and coffee and sugared blueberries—linger as long as possible. Already they were fading. Already Steve wondered sometimes if all he was really smelling when he buried his nose in Tony’s pillows was some kind of olfactory-based manifestation of his own desperation to hold on just a little longer, a little harder.)
“It could be more stuff along those lines,” Bruce grinned, entirely disproving his claim not to be a mind-reader, “but it doesn’t have to be. You look pretty in plenty of things, sweetheart.” Tony reveled in the low heat of Bruce’s tone for a moment, and then the recent mention of Rhodey brought something screaming back to him.
Ah, yes. The fundamental contradiction of Trues: they are both nothing special and extremely unique. The deceased version of Tony Stark was correct in arguing that much of the mythos built up around True identification is, essentially, a sales tactic. True orientations are such a rarity that it became easy for them to become little more than a marketing tool, encouraging those outside of those classifications to feel they must make up for a perceived lack through the purchase of jewelry, luxury vacation, cars, etc.
“Alright sweetheart, here’s how this is going to go. I’m going to warm you up a little bit with my hand, and then you’re going to take ten a piece with a strap from myself, Nat, Thor, Clint, and Bucky. We’re new to each other in this way, so if you feel like you need a different tool, or fewer strikes, or any other adjustments, you can feel free to say. We’ll stay within the limits outlined in your contract. We’ll check in frequently, and James will be monitoring you, too, for any signs of distress. You can—and should, actually—let your body respond however it wants, whether that’s to cry or yell or anything else.”
What was it like to see this version of Tony with fresh eyes? Was Sam already noting the tremor that often shook Tony’s left hand when he was anxious? Or the way that he wore his clothes looser than his counterpart typically chose? Could he sense the transparency about this Tony, the way he pretty much wore his heart on his sleeve at all times? Or maybe this was just Steve being self-centred all over again. Perhaps all Sam could see now was Riley, and the brutal lack of fairness that had returned a version of Steve’s love to him while Sam remained alone.
*****
Thor paced the jet like a caged animal. He always took it hardest when one of the team got hurt, doubly so when it was Clint and Thor was the only one around with flying capabilities who might have caught him. Steve wanted to give him comfort; he should, at least, have reminded Thor that Clint had known the platform to be unstable long before he’d stepped on it, that he’d known Thor was not in a position to be able to reach him in time. He said nothing. Bruce would talk him down when he was himself again, or Natasha could pull double-duty.
“Ah. Right. You’ve never been with us immediately post-battle, have you? And I’m guessing your old team just did whatever the hell they wanted?” Tony nodded his confirmation, for once not really seeing the problem with how the other version of the team had done things. “Yeah. No one gets outta med-check or debrief here. No one.” There was such finality in the archer’s tone that Tony was intrigued despite himself.
“Yes, Clint.” The other man rewarded this particular response by trailing a slow finger down Tony’s spine, hard enough not to feel like a tickle but gentle enough to have Tony pressing back into the touch, seeking more.
“Excuse me?”
His heart broke for her.
“I really want to make out with you right now,” was Tony’s not particularly erudite reply. He made up for it, though, when visions of the first team training session he had witnessed and Pepper stepping out of the Rescue armour in the shop offered themselves to him in tandem. “Oh holy shit. I figured out how we move you all through the Tower without the goons knowing where you are, or Taskmaster figured out how to copy any of your new tricks.”
Convinced it had been hours, Tony asked JARVIS for the current time; it had been a mere 47 minutes since he’d woken up. He was, he realized with an almost pleased surprise,
“No, nothin’ like that. We uh…well, we got pretty close for a while, after SHIELD fell and everything. He even talked about maybe joining the team, but he wanted some time to think about it.” So far that tracked with Tony’s own universe, and he nodded. Steve didn’t say anything more, so he prompted again.
“Let’s eat and talk a little less formally for now, alright?” Tony shrugged, trying to make the whole thing look as inconsequential as it should have felt. He took a large, crunchy bite of his breakfast when Bruce handed him a bowl, just to show how unbothered he was. “How are you this morning? Does it feel nice to be back?” Tony shrugged. “The house is beautiful. It’s been a long time since we made it out here.”
I don't think any content notes are needed for this one! So instead I'll take a moment to clairfy something that has come up a couple of times in comments: in the version of the MCU that our Tony comes from, he and Pepper never got back together after their 'break' between Ultron and Civil War. This was purely a practical call on my part; I just couldn't see Tony not fighting with everything he had to get back to a wife and a kid if he had them, no matter how great other aspects of the D/s verse might have been for him.
Tony banged his head against the heavily reinforced glass window of the workshop. Or rather, he tried; just as his forehead was about to connect, his wheeling chair was suddenly yanked backwards. The suddenness and force of the motion sent him sprawling onto the floor, and he found himself looking up at a looming claw. Dummy beeped smugly.
“I thought I could take you to dinner, if that’s still alright?”
“I think you’ll find I can, Sugar Cookie. But your trying to convince me otherwise brings us nicely back to what we need to discuss. I’ve wanted to raise this for a while, see, but I needed to go back and look at some of the footage, make sure I wasn’t imagining something.” Clint wasn’t quite jacking Tony off, the touches were too light and erratic for that, but they still made it damn near impossible to follow the thread of what he was saying. Every time he got close to settling himself down, Clint seemed to recognize it by some kind of malevolent force, and he would change the pressure or angle of his touches, reaching down to toy with Tony’s balls or trace the long vein in his cock with a finger. It was utterly maddening. “So I went back over the footage, talked to some of the others, and you know what I realized?” Tony groaned something that at least resembled a word, but Clint clicked his tongue disapprovingly. “Answer.”
“Not to be a dick, but you and Tony have been basically joined at the hip for a fortnight, and something clearly happened in your office the other day, so even though I get that we need to have a conversation about expanding our dynamic I’m kinda confused how we’re to blame for any of this.”
“Jealous,” Steve said gently. “You felt jealous.” Silence greeted the naming of the feeling Thor had been so ashamed of, and Steve felt that very particular kind of hurt that he associated with Dominance, the kind that meant he’d failed someone in his care, that they were carrying a hurt that should have been his own. “Darling, you are not the only one. We talked about this at the beginning of things, remember? Jealousy is going to happen in a relationship with this many people. There’s no way to avoid it.”
“What?” he shrugged in response to the thoroughly bemused look he received from his pillow. “Still dropping, y’know. Just hold me for a bit?”
He kissed Thor then, standing on the tips of his toes and laughing at the absurdity of their height disparity. Thor kissed with the same wild joy and contained power that he’d demonstrated outside, and Tony laughed again as they broke just because he could, because it felt so unexpectedly wonderful to be able to laugh at a moment like this. Thor grinned back in return. But then, because the domestic thing was not just an act, he added,
“Of course I do. Honestly in a lot of ways this is easier. When I thought you were a Dom, that meant violating your most basic and primal instincts. It would have been hell on your system.” There’s several assumptions built into that statement that Pepper doesn’t explicitly address, but Tony isn’t a genius for nothing. She had expected him to play at being the other Tony. It’s just not immediately clear, well, why, or if this changed things.
2. Dr. Banner is aware that his counterpart was absent from Tony Stark’s life for several years, but as he himself has not been alone since the 2012 attacks on New York, he finds the idea deeply unsettling. I do not believe he has raised many questions about the specifics.
“About Taskmaster? No one really thought he was going to give up any intel of value anyway, right? It’s certainly not something you need—ah. You’re not apologizing about that.” He shook his head in agreement. “What are you sorry for, Steve?” She didn’t pose the question the way a Dominant would when they already knew the answer, when the aim was just to get a submissive to verbalize their mistakes so they could let them go. Nor did she ask like she was attempting to wound Steve by making him confess his own errors aloud. She asked with what sounded like genuine curiosity, absent of pre-judgement or expectations.
Her amusement at Clint’s actions allowed her to overlook the one set of eyes that was on her-or rather, on the object she'd just placed in the playroom. Rather unfortunately, said eyes also belonged to the one person most likely to recognize the full significance of what she was offering.
The bots educate Tony about a time-honoured tradition in their version of the Tower. Steve begins to realize that his time left in Wakanda is limited.
is the most important job you have right now, Steve.”
“The Asante people of Ghana.” He waited for some indication as to whether he was right or wrong, but the girl’s face betrayed absolutely nothing.
Alright, so
The natural decision would have been for Steve (and therefore Talia, who was here primarily to shadow and learn from him) to join the UN forces. While they enjoyed a friendly relationship, SHIELD had no real jurisdiction in Wakanda. It made the most sense for them to proceed as if the arms deal might still happen, and then return to the US if (when, Steve privately felt) nothing came of the matter. And it was certainly not as if Wakanda really required their assistance; when it came to something as important to the nation as protecting the Princess, Steve was sure any outsiders would be superfluous at best. It was just, well…
“I mean, if this is you feelin’ guilty that you get to live the dream and all. You got Tony back, and maybe that has you thinking about me and how it doesn’t work out that way for everybody—”
“And of course, I’m sure you’ve been filled in about events at SHIELD?” The guy had, at least, mastered the very few skills that he tended to use. The inquiry was careful and neutral; if Tony didn’t already have more information than Richards realized, and if he hadn’t saved this particular conversation for last, Tony might even have been fooled into thinking this was merely idle conversation.
Desperate for something, anything else, to focus on, he turned back to the contract, trying to imagine looking at it from the position of a complete outsider. Really, Tony had chosen his source well, since Steve’s position had once been not all that dissimilar to his own. He’d grown up in a universe with orientation, of course, but in the inter-War and Depression eras, the  methods of communication and organization surrounding them had been far simpler. When he’d woken in the new century, he’d had his own learning curve to master.
“I will not be able to offer an explanation that will make your loss less painful, Mr. Parker. You know the facts. You are well aware of what was at stake, and I won’t insult you by explaining why Stark made the choice he did in that moment. I come, instead, with a message.”
Okay, fantasize. Tony could do that. Hell, he’d reminded numerous previous lovers that invention and fantasy were extremely close relatives, so Tony practically did this for a living. He settled onto the centre of his bed, clad in just a pair of boxers. He hadn’t ended up bringing any toys with him; it felt just a bit too weird to use sex toys that had previously belonged to another version of himself. He had, however, found what looked to be an unopened bottle of lube in the bedside table, so there was that. (After a thoughtful glance at the latter, he pulled his boxers off entirely.)
they were just records of others’ experiments. Howard had been good at many things, but to the best of Tony’s knowledge reproductive biology had not been one of them.) The fourth page was where things started to become horribly clear. It contained a list of five dates, all in the mid-late 1960s. Beside each one were more dates, this time in weeks.
Replies to comments from last chapter are also going to have to wait until tomorrow. I'm sorry, team! But I still absolutely love and appreciate hearing from all of you, and please keep those comments and kudos and questions coming <3
. He added a coffee cup emoji, and the Pepper Potts emoji he himself had made, and then sent it off to Steve without letting himself think too hard about it.
“Natasha and I think he’s hiding something,” Steve announced baldly, too tired and too frightened to dissemble. Pepper put her fancy coffee down on the table and sighed. She did not, Steve noted, appear entirely surprised. “I think I can get him to talk if I’m alone with him, but the problem is I think he knows that too and he’s avoiding me.”
“That’s new,” Natasha commented. “You want some company? I think Phil’s around.”
“Look, I have seen footage, and I still can’t actually believe people say it like that.” This time several of them laughed, which was unexpected, but highly preferable to them looking they might cry or break things. (Cap’s hand was still bandaged from earlier, a decision he had loudly decried as an attempt to shame him. Given that the serum had already haled the actual wound, Steve was probably right about that one.)
“Yeah, he’s feeling a lot better now, thank you.”
A woman at the front desk smiled, her black hair pulled back in a loose ponytail. “Hey! I’m Maria Hill, the school secretary. How can I help you guys?” she asked sweetly.
And with that, both drifted off to sleep with the prospect of tomorrow fresh in their minds.
“I don’t wanna go tomorrow…” Peter mumbled shyly, tears slipping down his cheeks. “W-What if they don’t like me? What if I don’t make any friends? A-And I’ll miss you… I-I don’t wanna go, I wanna stay with you…”
“The report is that another classmate pushed Peter over on the playground. I only got Peter’s friend’s view from things and I'm sure I’ll get a different answer from the bully himself. But I’ll make sure he gets a punishment and I’ll talk to his parents later this afternoon; there’s nothing that upsets me more than a bully,” Steve sighed. “Our nurse, Dr. Cho, said Pete’s got a sprained ankle. She wrapped it up and took care of him, so you shouldn’t have to take him to any outside care, unless you want to of course.”
He got about 2 pages in and Peter was already snoring softly. Pressing a kiss to his son’s forehead, he left the room with the door open a crack. He was beyond happy that Peter was actually looking forward to school now.
“Peter! I’m Peter!! What’s the bandaid doin’ on your nose?”
“MJ, what’s your butterfly gonna look like?” he asked curiously.
“Let’s go big guy,” Tony hummed as he took Peter’s hand, leading him back to the kitchen with Pepper in tow. “Look at that, Rhodes made you some snacks!” Peter’s eyes lit up and he ran over to Rhodey. He nearly gave his dad a heart attack as he tripped on a stray toy, hands in front of him to help break his fall. Thankfully, his hands hit Rhodey’s legs first, who had come to the rescue the second he saw Peter stumble.
At that comment, Peter shook his head quickly and clung tighter to his dad as he nuzzled his face into Tony’s neck. “Nuh uh,” he murmured softly. Tony chuckled and pressed a kiss to Peter’s head before making his way into the kitchen, Rhodey following behind them. “What do you wanna eat bug?” he asked again softly. “Waffles!!” Peter cheered loudly, his mood perking up at the promise of waffles.
“Pinky promise,” Tony said firmly, linking his pinky with Peter’s. Peter smiled at that and Tony used his suit sleeve to wipe away Peter’s tears. Most people would never let a thousand dollar suit be used as a tissue, but Tony wasn’t like most parents (okay yes, he is rich but moral of the story being that he’d do anything for his son).
Tony chuckled at Peter’s enthusiasm, ruffling Peter’s hair with a hum. At that time, Happy pulled up at the school and parked against the sidewalk. Thankfully, they weren’t late at all, much to Tony’s surprise. Happy got out of the car and opened Tony’s door.
. His heart trembled. He could feel the connection with Steve so alive again. Suddenly, the girls' father entered, apologizing and addressing them.
"I didn't want to bother you. I'm truly sorry," Steve said, still staring at him.
“And why is this Mordo helping him?”
And of course Steve had to be there too. Tony hadn't noticed him before on the machines so he thought he wasn't there. OK, there would be no problem. They were two adults and their conversation had not ended so badly. Tony sat in front of Steve who was with his head against the wall and his eyes closed; he did not flinch at the entrance of another person. Maybe it was for the best, he told himself.
Steve, who was a few steps behind Tony approached. "We will always do our best to help."
There was a profound sadness behind those words that made him shivers without really knowing why. Tony wondered where all the theories and conspiracies had gone while listening,
"So it seems," Steve replied.
Tony..."
"You can't keep designing improvements to our suits, weapons and jets and not be with us," Rhodey complained.
"With a hangover; not even in my best moments did I take something as strong as what you gave me," Tony said smiling.
"That doesn't answer my question, Cap," Tony said, now standing and breathing a little more calmly.
"It's alright. I understand."
Steve turned around a looked at him. There was a contained pain in his words when he spoke. “There is a part of me that tells me I must go. I should leave you alone because one day you will find your own path. And it will lead you to me or maybe not, but that must be your decision.”
"My family is at my house up the hill. They haven't been able to get out. Please, help them."
_ _ _ _ _
Tony watched as Steve took something from his pockets. "Please," he repeated. But even he didn't know what he was asking.
Tony saw them leave the living room and wondered where Rhodey and Thor were because at some point he lost sight of them. Steve was still asleep resting his head on his hand over the arm of the sofa. How he would like to wake him up with the same caresses and whispers he had heard from him that day. Steve
. But he knew he should not let that thought come around. Later in the morning, they would finally have to meet. Tony and Bruce were going to test the portal. They built the machine in one hangar of Tony's depots. However, they were going to meet first in one of the offices to discuss the plan with the whole team. After days without seeing him, he was trying to run out all the anxiety he had never felt before in his life.
“I need to go to the city. All good?” He asked looking at Tony worried.
"Congratulations on the wedding, and welcome back to Wakanda," Okoye said to Tony and Steve.
"Were you working when Strange went looking for you?" Tony asked.
"But what about Vandana? A few moments ago, I saw you happy with her," Steve asked smiling.
"Tony," Steve said surprised to see him there. His eyes roamed over his body, remained fixed for a moment in his erection and then saw him again in the eyes.
Tony kept thinking while waiting for Steve's reply.
has not said anything that implied they were together. «Oh»
«You know, your reflexes are strangely as good as the old man's, I can give you that»
"Good..." Tony was going to say
"Steve," Tony pleaded, spreading his legs wider to better reveal his entrance.
_ _ _ _ _
However,
? No, that should not continue, and nothing will happen beyond that. He promised himself without further explanation. They were unnecessary.
Steve arrived at the hotel. When he reached his room, he lay in bed with his eyes lost in the window. What a singular day they had lived, he thought. And yet, he could not feel in the least regretful. It was strange, but he felt relief. He knew he shouldn't think about what he was doing. It was a losing battle against reason. Tony convinced him the moment he said his name. He asked for 2 days, and frankly, Steve would have given him a lifetime if he could. He would do it, two days in which he wouldn't know what he would do. But he blindly trusted Tony, and tomorrow he would simply be there in his house early in the morning.
"Do you have an image?"
«I am not a clone. I… am him, yes, but from the future» Steve replied tentatively.
_ _ _ _ _
? Since when does a girl kiss you is an
I'm not sure yet how current events will impact my posting schedule. I'll likely be home more, but with a toddler out of childcare, and learning to quickly adapt an in-person course to online teaching. I'm finding writing really comforting right now, though, so I'll be posting whenever I can. If you have prompts/requests/questions, for this verse or something else, I'm happy to consider them!
It went down pretty much exactly as Steve and Natasha predicted. Tony woke, became horribly awkward and short, picked at the protein bar Steve gave him to eat, and then muttered something about being behind on projects for SI before high-tailing it out of the penthouse.
“…no. It…god, he responded
This was a hard compliment to accept at face-value. From everything Tony could tell the same amount of time had passed here as in his own world, but this version of the team so often seemed much younger than his own. This version of Clint in particular had a kind of boyish energy that his counterpart had either lost or never possessed. He laughed easily, and wore silly t-shirts with internet memes on them, and could almost always be found with some kind of bandaid on his body (usually Avengers printed.) All this combined with the killer arms and perpetually tanned, golden skin? Yeah, Tony was kind of out of his league here. But there was also no need to make a show out of his pitiful self-esteem first thing in the evening, so Tony flashed his best press-ready smile.
The first time Tony was aware something might be going terribly wrong it was confusing as hell, since everything seemed to be going…well, more than alright. Natasha was on top of him, riding Tony’s cock and the toy she’d attached to him with flawless ease. The entirety of her small, powerful frame glistened with a fine layer of sweat as he watched her thighs, the same thighs he’d seen his own Natasha incapacitate many a bad-guy with, ripple as she raised herself up high enough that Tony nearly slipped out of her, and then slid smoothly back down, enveloping him in wet heat once more. Every movement was patient, precise and calculated, as if no force on Earth could have distracted Natasha, or made her move a single muscle before it was exactly what she intended.
Tony wanted to be able to look at it that way, he really did. Rhodey seemed so genuinely relieved, and Tony would have given just about anything to feel that way too. Instead,  it felt like being in the middle of a panic attack, but without his body having the actual energy to go through with the whole thing.
“You are, as you have always been, far more than that my friend.”
It was not entirely unusual for most members of the team to come to Steve when they felt they needed or deserved punishment. He was both the team leader and the strongest Dominant in the relationship, both of which meant he derived deep gratification from giving his partners whatever they needed, including the chance for absolution.
“I really don’t know why he’s not here yet. He really has been doing a lot better lately; going to school on time, getting his work done. And I know he’s excited about the internship. He doesn’t say it, Peter’s not really the type—I mean, he was, but then all of this—”
“Fine, sir.” There were a few beats of silence as Morita waited for him to continue, but Peter was feeling just stubborn enough to wait it out today. His eyes wandered to a framed medall on a shelf behind the principal’s desk; the insignia looked vaguely familiar, though he couldn’t quite place it.
“Oh yeah. One of my first jobs with SHIELD was just outside of Oslo, I know the area well. It was also, incidentally, the first time Coulson ever swore over open comms.”
“G’head, JARVIS. And Nat? Want dumplings. Can we have dumplings? Are there any of those frozen ones in the freezer, the ones in the little trays with the dip thing?” This startled a laugh out of both Natasha and Bruce, the latter of whom proceeded to seize Tony by the hair just a bit more roughly than normal and plant a lingering kiss on his lips.
…that was enough to make tears sting at Tony’s eyes for just a second. (There was always a way to do things wrong, and he almost always succeeded at finding it.) He closed them, pretending it was in response to the bit of brownie Bruce offered next, then let them stay closed when he found it somehow easier than figuring out what to do as he watched the food slowly moving towards his face. Eventually they developed a rhythm. True to his word, Bruce never tried to rush or hurry things along. He didn’t get upset when it turned out Tony didn’t like the hummus they had in the Tower, or when Tony asked for more of the cereal milk pastry. He didn’t mind when Tony’s lips or tongue lingered to retrieve the last remnants of favoured items from his fingers. He answered Tony if he asked a question, but otherwise allowed the silence of the room to be accompanied only by the gentle sounds of their shared meal.
Tony’s eyes were still a little watery from
“And look, I get that Tony’s presence and your role in his parent’s deaths might be stirring some of that up again. But I don’t actually buy that your mental health is regressing to the degree that you would reach for an entity that’s essentially a kind of alternate personality. I’m getting none of the other indicators I’d be looking for to substantiate a mental break like that. So I’m forced to suspect one of two things: either that we were wrong about the Soldier the entire time, or that his role in your life now is different to what it was then.”
“Pietro Maximoff has attacked seven people in the past six weeks! This stuff isn’t like the movies. I didn’t have time to give you his villain origin story before I got you the hell out of there! And while I’m extremely sorry that you’re pissed about it, believe me when I tell you I’d have done the same thing if you were any other enhanced person trying to take on Pietro alone. Not only is he fast enough that even you can’t track him, but he’s volatile and unpredictable. There is no one in the world I would send in to face him alone.”
“I know this. We’ve been over this a thousand—”
The footage stopped abruptly, frozen on the image of Tony rolling his eyes beneath his sunglasses, before the screen went black altogether. The other version of him had clambered noisily to his feet and was staring at Steve, horror-struck.
“If he is in any way permanently damaged,” Natasha said, pressing her blade still closer to Taskmaster’s neck, “I assure you that you will personally beg me for death. Tell me what you wanted out of all of this. Your recruits aren’t going anywhere, and don’t seem to have any particular target they’re trying to achieve.”
“You’ve had a good few days. I really am very pleased with your progress.” He nodded in fervent agreement, but even as he did he recognized something. Domen’s was using the same conciliatory tone that SHIELD agents used when they were in the midst of a situation that might turn volatile at any point. (He knew that tone. Hell, he
And, well, the prospect of designing something capable of surprising the unflappable Agent Coulson was one of the more intriguing tasks Tony had been set in a long while, so after that the day had pretty much disappeared in a haze of sketches and programming and simulations. Tony didn’t realize it was closing in on time for dinner (or rather Dinner, because fuck that was today) until JARVIS announced Bruce’s arrival in the shop. He was wearing a flattering set of grey slacks paired with a deep purple button-down which fit Bruce far better than any of the clothes Tony had seen his own version in. While Tony ogled him, Bruce’s attention was on reading the open lines of code on the screen in front of him. Much as it had with Coulson, it felt reassuring to have confirmation that Tony hadn’t been reduced just to a potential romantic partner. Bruce was still his science bro, no matter what else did or didn’t happen between them.
Whether as a result of the thoroughness of those briefing packets or just because Tony was that good at this, it was almost impossible for Steve to believe he had never technically met any of these people before. Tony weaved together business and personal topics with staggering ease; he had just transitioned from promising the tech mogul standing with them that he would review a new piece of medical monitoring equipment to asking about the guy’s daughter.
“With very little reason to believe that you were likely to succeed.” The knot grew tighter, and Steve’s jaw tightened almost to the point of pain. “And then there was the plane.”
The rest of the elevator ride down Peter considered the rather staggering scope of this undertaking. It was little wonder that Tony never seemed to sit still. Hell, it was beginning to amaze Peter that the man ever got any sleep at all. Compared to trying to outfit an entire building full of highly specialized talent with everything they needed, the prospect of meeting a room full of other kids suddenly felt far less daunting.
The second response is an aftercare scene. There's no sex, but there is a discussion of the sexual scene from Chapter 40, and a conversation about future fantasies.
Steve hadn’t meant to make a spectacle of himself at SHIELD that morning. He’d come in early for precisely that reason, to make use of their equipment long before even the most eager of recruits would begin arriving. And for a couple of glorious hours it had worked. He’d battered the reinforced heavy bags until his knuckles bled and dislocated again; then he run the devilishly tricky obstacle course (Tony’s design, of course) through four times, until his lungs burned and ached and heaved against his ribcage. It felt good, so incredibly good, to allow his body to be pressed to its limits. For just a while it let him…well, not forget about everything else that was spinning entirely out of control, but those things temporarily became smaller and more manageable when his body was busy screaming out for air or water or rest. It was glorious.
“They’re meeting tonight, and if you do want to come it’s actually a good time. They wanted me to stop by and offer some suggestions on their technique, hence the footage, so I could introduce you. If you want.”
“Definitely not,” Steve rushed to assure him.
“I mean yeah, but you hesitated more than with any other questions, including the ones that involved doing pretty complex math in your head. I could lend you some Jean Rhys if you want, she’s great.”
. While this had turned out not to be the case, she was still someone Steve counted as among SHIELD and the UN’s most trusted and valuable allies. He sat down at the front of the tent they had all gathered in with a wave, which Masdee returned with a stiff nod before gesturing toward digital projections of two young men. They looked to be no older than thirty, features nearly identical down to an elaborate series of piercings and markings that wrapped up the left sides of their necks.
Content Notes: The first response contains...I mean, I guess they're spoilers for something coming in the main arc. That event has been preeeeeetty heavily foreshadowed at this point, but still, if you want to ensure you are as surprised as possible about anything coming there, make sure to skip that first one.
Thank you SO MUCH for your continued support and feedback. I honestly can't tell you how much it means to me, especially now.
“We have to call someone, Peter. Where’s your phone?”
“Phil, I
Tony was charming, dammit, and his commentary was excellent. Last week he’d gotten Steve to do a spit-take when he’d hacked the accounts of the senator Steve was arguing with and started reading from the GoFundMe page the guy had made to attempt to fund his lavish wedding. And yet somehow he still found himself looming around outside Pepper’s office, trying to decide whether he would get in trouble for invading the R&D department for the fourth time in as many weeks.
chair.” It was the acceptance in Ned’s voice that did it. He’d already made peace with being supplanted by a man that Peter had known for all of five minutes, and even though he’d come here with the intention of keeping Ned as far away from the riskiness of superhero life as he could, Peter couldn’t just let that be true.
“Tony? I know you hate this kind of stuff, but I have to have something that speaks the Board’s language when we meet with them tomorrow. They’re not like you, they don’t get excited about projects for their own sake. And we’re essentially launching a new company here; they deserve all the information I can give them in a form they’ll understand.”
Tony didn't know when he'd started crying. He didn’t even realize that he had until the tears hit the lingering remnants of ice cream on the spoon, turning it into a wet, salty mess. But it didn't feel like he would ever be able to stop.
Like always, it was wrapped with care in her suitcases, cradled between thick sweaters and wrapped in several scarves. Even still, decades of frequent and often unpredictable travel had left the occasional mark. There was a scratch near the mouth, and several chips in the lacquer. Her stomach churned as she carried it up to the playroom. It was undeniably precious to Natasha, but would an old, damaged ornament look simply out of place in the opulence of a home owned by Tony Stark? (Why couldn’t she have just claimed the truly massive box of sex toys she’d purchased as her only contribution to the playroom?)
“You are most honourable, Friend Tony!” Thor congratulated him, waving a hand containing a half-eaten toaster strudel in greeting. “But what is this trial you speak of?”
“I’m hearing pretty great things about you man, even when I’m not on the planet. Pretty impressive.”
Except that none of it felt familiar, not entirely. The news of Tony’s absence had brought a different energy to the room. Everyone was a slightly subdued version of their usual selves, just a bit too quiet and polite and still for it to feel like a regular movie night. Steve did his best to bring the mood up, but it was like someone had taken away the vibrant colours that normally painted their group dynamics and replaced them with muted, dull shades that could never compare. Finally, mercifully, Phil paused the movie and turned to stare at Bruce, who was cradling a container of Tony’s stupid expensive popcorn like it was a child or a chest of treasure, with narrowed eyes.
“If you want me to go, man, I will. We all want you comfortable, alright? But like I tried to tell you when you were stayin’ with me, it’s perfectly natural for a sub to need to let their skin breathe. I’m not gonna find it weird or feel remotely uncomfortable to be around you when you’re naked, Tones. Your call.”
“…shit.”
“You have already helped plenty. You’ve updated yourself about the SHIELD program, you’re going to look into the people behind the memo, and you’ve agreed to shift the timeline for going public.” Pepper listed his accomplishments with the same determined authority she used to use to remind him of the numerous items he’d neglected on his never-ending to-do list. Even though he knew intellectually how small those victories were in the grand scheme of things, hearing her praise him in that same tone made Tony warm all over. “Everything else is just details. Go now, and let your Dominant take care of you. I’ll probably sleep in one of the guest rooms at this point, so I’ll see you in the morning, okay?” He leaned over to brush a kiss against her cheek, then allowed Clint to haul him to his feet.
These were among the last words Tony wanted to hear as he lay sprawled across Rhodey’s lap. His stomach ached pleasantly from a mix of food and laughter; after lunch they had been joined by the rest of the team, and Rhodey had just finished explaining to an incredulous Thor that the salmon he’d provided Tony with was in fact different from Swedish Fish, Thor’s second favourite snack of choice. On any other day he would have been happy to sink fully into a state of indolent pleasure, drifting in and out of awareness as he enjoyed simply being without the weight of any expectations.
Rhodes’ willingness to protect Tony at all costs, even if it meant trying to find a way to take down the Winter Soldier himself, was paradoxically what Bucky needed to feel secure. He edged his way toward the couch, the Soldier’s practiced lightness on his feet making him almost completely silent.
His grip on her hand had tightened to what must have been the point of pain during his rambling request, but she held on just as tightly, never once turning her eyes from his.
“Wait, do we all kneel?” Clint asked. “Sorry, Tony, Strange didn’t say when we asked him how this works. It’ll be weird if we all kneel, won’t it? Like you’re a monarch or something?”
Tony had seen Clint’s work with implements, remembered the intricate patterns he’d left on Bucky’s skin, so if Tony been in a place to be able to articulate a guess as to what was coming, he would have expected something similar. Instead, Clint was three hits into his set before Tony realized with a jolt of fear and awe, that Clint was hitting him in the exact same place every single time. Each blow, aimed precisely in the middle of Tony’s ass, was identical, the pain building up and up and up.
The thing about being declared legally dead twice in the span of only a few years was that Tony had quickly realized what a pain in the ass resurrection was, legally speaking. So many forms and phone calls and paperwork, on actual paper because apparently it was worth continuing the wholesale destruction of the planet to make formerly-dead people fill out ‘Not-Dead’ forms in triplicate. Not to mention that all his damn credit cards always stopped working, and having to ask Happy to pay for the hamburger after Afghanistan had been mortifying. After the destruction of the Malibu house, Tony had vowed never to be forced into dealing with it again. So he’d met with almost the entirety of SI’s truly massive legal team, and after a host of meetings that were hilarious and irritating in equal measure, he’d eventually emerged with a complex series of agreements that essentially froze the majority of Tony’s major assets and protected his identity until five years following his confirmed death.
“I hate this,” he whispered.
“That’s—that’s not important now.”
“Maybe…maybe this time I will be. For long enough to make sure that Tony’s kid is going to be alright, anyway. I owe him that much, don’t you think?”
When they actually got to the penthouse, though, Bruce stood frozen for a minute at the threshold where the hardwood floor of the main living area turned into the tile of the kitchen.
3. Some Switches are able to move smoothly between headspaces, yes, though it’s relatively rare. Natasha Romanov, for instance, can accomplish this with relative ease, and sometimes enjoys scenes that are based on fluidly altering her dynamic in such a way. Occasionally, a Switch may move from one headspace to another without having had the intention to do so, as well, though this is rare, and sometimes an indication of some kind of orientational instability; for instance, a Switch who has neglected one of their headspace for too long might find themselves involuntarily slipping into the neglected headspace mid-scene. For the most part, a Switch will be able to feel the pull toward one ‘side’of their orientation over the other, and will stay there for at least the length of a scene.
He’d never scened sexually with Bruce, he realized suddenly during the short walk from the sunroom where Tony had spent his assigned ‘free time.’ There had been the milking, which had been right on that boundary, but otherwise Bruce was an unknown entity to him in this regard. And now Tony was going to learn him in front of the others, or at least, that was what he’d requested.
“Steve plays things pretty close to the chest at the best of times, and we haven’t gotten around to a lot of work-talk yet, to be honest.” The other man chuckled and thumped Tony on the back like they were old drinking buddies.
“He’s not going to need the sleeve.” The words felt far away and abstract, like they came from another language he wasn’t sure he was properly translating. If his eyes hadn’t still been open and trained on Bucky, he wouldn’t have even recognized who had spoken.
“You bet, sweetheart. Watched you read and putter in the shop and lie around in our bed—”
“A philosopher named Judith Butler introduced a concept called precarity that I think is relevant to our conversation. She says that the value of the term is that it reminds us that our existence is fundamentally social, that our lives are always to some extent in the hands of someone else. This creates bonds, sometimes of love and care, but also of
“Yeah? What you been thinkin’ about?”
“I’m not interested,” he growled. He knew he was being unfair, but Steve was beyond caring. He wished absently that he’d been allowed to shower before the ssesion; he felt like he could still smell traces of the salve he’d put on Tony’s side last night, and his brain seemed to be taking this as an invitation to keep replaying remembering what it had felt like to put hands on Tony after so long. He was tired and angry and defensive and confused, and not remotely in the right frame of mind for this.
It was a list of miscarriages. Maria and Howard Stark had lost five children, the last roughly 4 months before Tony would have been conceived.
Peter stopped by his and May’s apartment to deposit the suit and change out of his still-damp clothes. He changed four separate times. Given that neither he nor May had done laundry in two weeks, leaving Peter with one clean pair of jeans and two decent t-shirts, this was particularly absurd. Disgusted with himself, he finally pulled the Hoth shirt back over his head. After a long moment of hesitation, he stuffed the spidey-suit back in his backpack and slung it over his shoulders.
Steve reached down, his hand hovering over the front panel of Tony’s panties. For a few moments it seemed entirely possible that Steve would abandon the framework they’d set up for this scene in favour of just ripping away the remainder of Tony’s clothes and taking him. Eventually, though, Steve mastered himself, muttering a string of curses that definitely contained Clint’s name.
“Yeah. He’d go to to NICUs and PICUs, hold kids whose parents weren’t there, or needed a break. He’d be there for hours sometimes. I think…I think she must have known, somehow, or at least sensed that while any of us would respond badly to her bringing a kid into the fight, Tony would stop at
Thank you all so very much for your comments, kudos, and questions. It might take me a couple of days to get caught up with replying, but I am very much looking forward to it! <3
“Pep, unless you want to be responsible for making me late, and you
“If I were you I’d be climbing the walls wanting to get out of here by now. Since we can’t actually escape the Tower, I thought we could at least pretend for the night. To be totally fair, though, the rest of the team and JARVIS are the ones who actually put it together; they wanted me to be able to play without being spoiled.” Mistaking Tony’s silence for some sign of discontent, Clint started to babble. “But it was my idea, I swear. We also don’t have to do it if you don’t—”
Across the table from Tony, Natasha’s expression had gone carefully blank, as had Coulson’s. Steve, whose tendency toward sincerity had never been fully even by the many years he’d spent as the leader of SHIELD, was frowning. Tony cut in quickly before any of them could press further. (He’d be damned if he was losing two Parkers in one night.)
The latter wasn’t an assurance Masdee needed; discipline and chain of command had never been an issue during any of Steve’s interactions with Wakandan forces. (Well, the UN had had…issues with accepting the truth of Wakanda’s power and influence once they’d revealed themselves to the world, but SHIELD had always stood firmly against them on that matter, and they’d folded quickly once they’d realized how much Wakanda was truly willing to offer to the global community.) The statement was a warning aimed primarily at Talia, who could easily damage her career and reputation forever if the shine of her flirtation with Masdee wore off and she returned to her usual combination of insubordination and defiance.
“We gotta go bug,” Tony explained as Peter pouted with his arms crossed, upset that he didn’t get to see what Rhodey had made for him. “Shush, don’t give me that look... now give Uncle Rhodey and Aunt Pepper kisses before we leave,” he instructed softly.
5 years. It had been 5 years since May Parker had dropped her baby on Tony Stark’s doorstep. Her and her husband Ben didn’t have the money to take care of a baby boy and considering that Richard and Mary Parker had been close with Tony Stark, they felt that their baby would be safe with the billionaire. Since then, Tony Stark had gone from spending his Friday nights out at clubs to being cuddled on the couch with his little boy, Peter Parker-Stark.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah buddy! What’s your name?”
“I-I’m sorry!”
After he was set back down, Peter made work of picking out his outfits. He pulled out a red and blue t-shirt, purple shorts, and hideous bright yellow sneakers. For his 5th birthday, Tony had promised to get him anything at the mall; of course his son would choose the worst shoes to ever be made. Tony cringed as he helped Peter change. The outfit was a horrible combination but he didn’t have the heart to discourage anything Peter did on such a big day.
Tony positively beamed at that, looking at Peter proudly. “Well I’m glad he was good today. Thank you so much Steve,” he thanked. Steve smiled in response as Tony left with Peter in his arms, carrying his backpack for him.
Steve had left the teacher across the hall from him, Mr. Wilson, to watch over the class. Flash was put in a timeout until Steve got back; he’d have to deal with him later.
“Okay Daddy!” Peter answered happily, wiggling to get down from his tall seat. He was grateful when Tony was quick to pick him up; he probably would’ve fallen otherwise.
Peter nodded and moved to stand. The action only brought more pain and when he looked down, he could see why; he had sprained his ankle.
Peter giggled and nodded enthusiastically. “Yeah! And MJ and Harry can come over too!! We can have a playdate!!” he decided. Peter loved his new group of friends; they were so cool!!
Tony woke up around 7 the next morning, Peter no longer in his arms. In a slight moment of panic, Tony sat up abruptly. His eyes scanned the room for his sweet boy, his heart rate rising when he wasn’t in sight. “Peter?” he called frantically. He threw the covers off, nearly tripping over his own feet as he ran out of the room.
An hour later and Peter had learned about numbers; he counted past 15!! A loud bell rang throughout the school, startling Peter a little bit. Steve noticed and walked over to him as the other kids started to grab their bags; they knew what was happening. “Mr. Rogers? What was that?” Peter asked innocently.
____________________________________________________________________________
Steve smiled and took the backpack. “Please, call me Steve. And I’ll put this in his cubby. Don’t even worry about it.”
“No Uncle Rhodey!! Marshall is the firefighter dog!” Peter explained for the umpteenth time. He had been up for the past hour and Rhodey had shown up 30 minutes ago to see Peter before he went off to his first day of school.
“They’re called astronauts buddy. And yeah that’s pretty neat,” Tony hummed, smiling at his drop of sunshine. Peter was just the cutest thing he had ever lay his eyes on.
Peter grinned at that idea. His plan was to just make it through the day and then the second Tony was there for him, he’d make sure he never went back. Who else would keep his daddy busy in the lab all day?! Peter was practically a professional by now. “Can you sleep with me tonight?” he added hopefully. Peter threw in his infamous puppy eyes too - Daddy could never withstand them.
Tony awed quietly as he wiped Peter’s tears away, his heartstrings tugging at Peter’s words. “Oh baby… they’re gonna love you bug. You’ll make so many friends too!! And I’ll miss you a lot buddy, but I’ll see you as soon as it’s over and we’ll go out to get ice cream together. How does that sound?” he comforted softly.
Peter nodded sadly, smiling a tiny bit when he saw a smile on Happy’s face too. “M’kay… I see you later!!” And with that, Peter ran his way back to Tony, holding his hand instantly again. Tony smiled and started to head up to the main office. The father and son duo walked inside.
Smiling happily, Tony went back to his son to finish their movie, a certain blue eyed man on his mind.
At this point, they’d made their way back to the classroom and were all getting back to their desks. “We’re going to do our ABCs and then we’ll head off to lunch folks,” Steve said with a smile. He took out a piece of chalk and wrote a big ‘A’ on the chalkboard. “This is the first letter of the alphabet; A! A is for: Apple!” he explained to the class.
“Thank you for reminding me baby, you’re the best,” Tony said with a smile. He noticed Peter sucking his thumb, but didn’t comment on it at all. Usually he’d lightly reprimand him but this time he let it sligh; Peter was already upset enough. He knelt down and picked up the heavy quilt before making his way onto the elevator. “Come on bug, let’s dry those tears hm?” he hummed softly, using his sleeve to wipe his tears as the elevator went up.
“Good job Betty! Inside voices though please,” Steve praised with a smile as he wrote a big ‘B’ on the board. “Next letter is B! B is for: Bee!”
Peter was cut off as he hit the ground hard; Flash had pushed him onto the concrete. Peter looked at his hands, eyes welling with tears when he saw the blood on them. “Y-You pushed me…”
MJ shrugged, her nose busy in a book. “Tigers. Obviously,” she stated simply before going back to her book.
Peter nodded, smiling a little at the idea of getting ice cream. He was never allowed to have ice cream before dinner, but his dad had promised him to get him ice cream after school. “Do I have to go? Can’t I stay with you?” He tried again.
Happy rolled his eyes, Peter giggling at their banter. Peter reached for a picture book that was in the sleeve attached to the back of the passenger seat; they always kept books in the car to entertain the 5-year old. Peter started flipping through the pages of a Dr. Suess book, eyes illuminating the bright colors on the page. While he did that, Tony scrolled through his phone, smiling at the ridiculous things the tabloids were saying about him today.
“Love ya too bug,” Tony chuckled as he knelt to hug Peter. “I’ll be here as soon as school is over,” he promised.
Peter frowned softly and replied, “Oh, then can we use the ball?”
The entire class cheered happily, glad that they’d be running around outside soon.
“Bye bug!” Tony replied, waving as Peter ran off to his seat. He almost turned to leave before his eyes set on the teacher. “Hey Steve. You’ll keep an eye on him today?” he asked softly. He knew the answer already; Steve was the kind of teacher to set everything aside to make a kid simply smile.
Peter gave a small nod of his head as he climbed over into his dad’s lap. Usually he was content with sitting next to him, but he had been particularly clingy the entire weekend as the anticipation for the start of school drew nearer. Tony smiled and pressed a soft kiss to the top of Peter’s fluffy brown curls before he started to read.
“Of course! You’re going to go down this hall and turn right. On the left side, the second to last door is Mr. Rogers’ room,” Maria replied. She noticed Tony look down at who she assumed was his son. “And here’s a lollipop for the little guy,” she added, taking a blue lollipop and handing it to Tony.
Before they could keep making plans, Steve was getting everybody’s attention at the front of the room. “Alright guys!! Let’s get started. I’m Mr. Rogers, your teacher, and I think we’re going to have a great year together,” he said confidently with his bright smile. He then grabbed a pile of papers and started to pass them out. They all had the print of a rainbow on them but they weren’t colored in; the kids were going to be coloring in the pictures. “We’re going to learn about colors!!” Steve shared excitedly.
____________________________________________________________________________
“Woah! Can we build it?! Together?!” Ned asked hopefully, his eyes wide with excitement.
He followed the cries down the hallway, reaching the door just a few moments later. Instantly, he swooped inside and picked Peter up off of the chair before his son had even recognized the man to be his father. “Shh you’re okay bambino, daddy’s got you… you’re alright,” he whispered as he rocked his son back and forth.
Tony was already in the bedroom, picking out an outfit for Peter to wear; he had given Rhodey the task of packing Peter’s bag and making sure he had lunch and snacks. “Alright buddy, let’s get you into some clothes,” Tony said, mainly to himself as Pepper set Peter on his bed. Tony had pulled out Peter’s overall jeans and a red sweater with black sneakers. He brought the clothes over next to Peter, whose eyes welled up with tears. “No Daddy!!” he cried, pushing the clothes off of the bed.
“Pete, we don’t push things,” Tony sighed softly. “Come on, let’s go.” With that, he picked Peter back up and brought him over to the wardrobe. He should’ve known that Peter would want to pick out his own clothes, no matter how horrible his son’s fashion choices were. Peter sniffed and wiped his tears with the back of his hand, the other hand wrapped tightly in a fist around Tony’s Black Sabbath t-shirt.
“I-I want my daddy,” he cried, tears falling down his cheeks.
Ned ran quickly to Steve. “Mr. Rogers, Mr. Rogers!! Peter fell down cause he wanted to play soccer and Flash wouldn’t share the ball and he pushed Peter a-and there’s a lotta blood,” Ned explained breathlessly.
Tony laughed at that and stood back up, letting Peter run ahead to the classroom door. He caught up with him a few seconds later and opened the door.
please leave kudos and comments!! thanks for the support on the last chapter <3
Tony smiled, kneeling down as Peter came running towards him faster than his little feet could carry him. His son collided into him, hugging him tightly with a giggle. “Daddy! Daddy hi!! Hi!! I did school!! And colored! And we-we had gym!! And counted!! And I made friends!! Ned and MJ a-and Harry!!” Peter rambled excitedly, making Tony laugh softly.
“Exactly. I don’t ever want to see you down here without me letting you down here, do you understand?”
Tony goes to get Peter from school, but something about the teacher makes him feel different than any other time he'd gotten his son from school
Characterization of Taskmaster here is shaped both by the comics and by rumours about the backstory the character will have in the upcoming Black Widow movie. (Nothing I would say is spoilery, though, beyond the fact that the character is known to be in that film that he and Natasha have some kind of history.)
More crashing and shattering sounds filled the other end of the line, Tony’s rage and hurt apparently too much for words. Steve waited it out, unsure what to say that wouldn’t risk making it worse but entirely unwilling to abandon the other man now. (The way his version of Steve had apparently already done. How could he not have listened? Why would he have brushed Tony’s apparently entirely correct fears off like they meant nothing?)
Clint’s grin was wide and toothy, though when he realized Tony was looking at him he attempted to feign a neutral expression.
Which was how, four hours later, he was completing work for SHIELD remotely while buried in a truly staggering pile of cleaning supplies that he’d liberated from the janitorial staff, along with instructions on how to use them. He was scrubbing the baking soda paste he’d made into the grout of his guest bathroom shower with a toothbrush and having JARVIS read him an email from the Secretary of Defense when Bucky made his looming presence in the doorway apparent by clearing his throat. Loudly.
“Before he came to find me. After DC. ” Barnes didn’t bother asking the question, too skilled and efficient an operative to verbalize an inquiry he already knew the answer to. “Yours didn’t.” Tony stood, the need to move outweighing his hungover body’s desire to curl up in a sloth-like ball. Dummy hesitated, then began tracing a path after him as he circled the shop.
“Jay, pull up any footage we can access of the battle. And put the comms on over the speakers, input only.”
“’s fine, Pep.” He was appalled to hear the way his voice slurred, especially because it made Pepper look even more regretful.
“Science has played a big role in our relationship, and I don’t just say this as your science bro. It was what seemed like it was going to keep us apart at first, when we realized how different our universes were. Eventually that changed; even before your body started to adjust to being here, it was sharing the science behind orientation, and just seeing you in the lab, getting to enjoy the complexities of your mind as you focused on a problem, that really started to bring us together again. But ultimately, science was only ever part of what made this work.” Gently, Bruce moved Tony’s fingers. The only detail of the collar that was semi-visible, embossed on the outer layer of the collar to one side of the buckle, was a single word: freely. Tony bowed his head, finally accepting the inevitability of tears as he traced that word over and over and over again. “Science is beautiful, but what’s even more remarkable is this. You chose this, every bit of it: this universe, your submission, our entire lives together. You chose it, you chose us, and this is us choosing you for every second that you’ll have us.”
“I used to be on the other side of this. Maintenance Day,” he added, when Tony’s confusion apparently showed through. “The arm our Tony gave me…it’s really complex, and it took a while to work all the kinks out. But maintenance—well let’s say I didn’t have the best associations with that. So he turned it into this, this
This is an excellent question. To some extent I spoke to it a few weeks ago (in the responses to Chapters 43 and 44.) And my response there still holds; I suspect that once the balance between work and orientation is more equal, there might be more interactions that explore sexuality outside of orientation.
I hope it was worth the wait. I had an absolute blast writing it, and I'm so excited to finally get to share it with all of you. Thank you so very much for your comments, kudos, and questions, which have fueled and sustained this long journey.
“Don’t you see that that’s better, though? You catch the things we miss, like with the kids. I mean, the concept of childhood as it exists now barely existed when I was young, especially if you were poor. And so many of the other people who work for SHIELD lost out on childhood for one reason or another; they don’t care about stripping that part of a recruit’s life away because it’s not something they ever had. But we can want more for the next generation than that, and you do. You always have.”
And now, a short vision regarding Sam Wison. This conversation took place during the aftercare that followed Steve and Tony’s first scene.
JARVIS must be dictating his messages, as well as the team's responses. It made sense; the team had been planning to complete as much of the work on the playroom as they could for the day, so their hands were probably too full of paint rollers and tools to be juggling phones. (The fact that everyone but Natasha was probably there also made his internal battle over who text in the first place entirely irrelevant, but he was going to choose not to dwell on that one.)
was Clint in a truly Dominant headspace. The flashes Tony had seen so far during carefully curated moments in the penthouse hadn’t even come close to showing him what that really meant. He remembered again how it had felt during their date to realize how deadly Clint was, how intimately he knew the human body and all its weaknesses. “You always have the power to alter or end a scene if you want or need to. And we’re new to one another, so in addition to your full-stop safeword remember you have the option of using yellow, too, if you need something to slow down but not halt entirely. That power is all yours; I’ll never do anything to you that you don’t want or can’t handle. Tell me you understand that.”
“I mean they just moved in together, so yeah I assume they’re pretty happy.”
For now, however, this particular vision should provide some valuable insights about one in particular.
None of this, however, meant it was any less frustrating to watch Peter walk (well, limp—Tony had just barely restrained himself from remarking on the fact that it was clearly too soon after his injuries for Peter to be webbing his way across the city after anyone, let alone Toomes) out of the Tower. The irony of the fact that he’d spent so long pushing one version of Peter away and now found himself fighting the urge to cling to another was a horrible kind of irony. He gave sleep up as a bad job after less than forty-five minutes of lying there and tasting regret like bitter metal in the back of his throat.
“This isn’t a good time.” (Yeah, no kidding.) Pepper glanced passed him, seeking and finding Tony sprawled across the couch. There was something she couldn’t quite place about his body language, and sure it was odd that he didn’t at least shout a hello to her himself, but if Tony was here and clearly available, it seemed like nothing but a territorial power play that Clint was attempting to refuse her entry.
“There’s a separate entrance and a screened-off area for underage folks or others who don’t want to witness sexual play over there, but otherwise yeah pretty much. This is one of the only affordable ways for low-income people with some kinks, like exhibitionism, to be able to practice safely without harming anyone who doesn’t want to be indirectly included.”
“Phoenix,” Tony grunted. Steve’s gut clenched and he hoped, again, that this entire plan hadn’t been a colossal mistake.
“I love you—
“Oh sweetheart. That was so good to do to you, you were magnificent, Tony, just incredible.” There was motion around them as Phil crooned reassurances, but Tony didn’t care about any of it, could only curl himself in a ball and press himself into Phil’s arms, shaking and crying. “Shh shh shh, sweet boy, that was a lot, I know it was.”
“What would I have to do in exchange?” Tony shrugged.
The rest of check-in proceeded in the same fashion, Tony’s mind warring between the comfort of the familiar routine and the frustration of the punishment. When he finished his usual procedures, however, Bruce didn’t seem in any hurry to get Tony off the bench and on his way. He circled around the table and dragged a nearby chair across the floor until he was seated near Tony’s head.
What the hell could Domen want to talk about that would require these kinds of precautions? Curiosity and dread were competing for primacy in Steve’s mind, but regardless of which won out, there was no way he could turn back now. He nodded, and Domen sighed with something that sounded like regret. She really didn’t want to do this.
Steve truly had needed to get work done, but neither he nor Thor had been in a hurry to wrap things up when they’d returned to the tower. So Steve had stripped Thor down to the rope once more and settled him at his feet while Steve drafted a proposal he hoped would answer a lot of the questions they were getting about the workplace orientation pilot program. It had been incredible to have a sub so casually nearby while Steve did something mundane. But…well, he dared anyone with a pulse to have a naked, desperate Thor kneeling in front of them and remain entirely focused on business. When Thor had pleaded to suck him for the third time in half an hour, Steve just hadn’t been able to deny his sub again.
Friday confirmed him Rogers was on the compound all day yesterday, and even right now he was doing some training with the team, then
After hearing his name from Tony lips for the first time Steve was agreeing, to what, he did not know for sure. But he could not say no to a Tony who was asking for time to share with him. After all he had done and had happened, the consolation of a few more moments shared with Tony seemed to remedy all the pain once had existed. It also seemed to invite him to feel alive again.
One of the wars, at least one of the endless wars these Asian countries had, was over. After this year there in Cambodia, he had realized religion had made a difference in the resolution for peace. Buddhism, a religion unknown to him, had acted as a symbol of union of the people before a common cause. The freedom of their traditional values. It had been a great discovery for Steve to understand that something so unique, which seemed so simple, could create so much. No super soldiers or serums were needed. Only the brave, selfless and persevering behavior of those monks as resistance leaders helped to achieve change. He had learned a lot. The world was wonderful, each and every person in it came to create a story we all told together.
"I saw you looking at me from the balcony," Tony told him very close. "You missed me?" he said with a playful smile.
"No, it's fine like that. It will only be a moment," Tony replied.
"Tony," Steve spoke and hearing his own voice say his name, was the last straw of the abstraction.
"Did you find anything else useful?" Steve asked seeing all the windows open on the screen.
"We both know that is a lie, but it is also true that you needed to rest," Rhodey replied smiling as well.
"Oh right, captain and chef. Among your professions, I know," Tony said, teasing him.
"Now nobody will ever beat me over this birthday," Tony smiled out of breath.
«There are things that don't change» Steve said taking a last bite of his hot dog «These fairs are a trip to the past".
"It's not about that Tony, and I know you cannot see it," Steve said with a sigh.
"Hello, Pepper," Steve greeted her. "I'll be with the others," Steve said addressing Tony.
_ _ _ _ _
On the way back to the compound, Tony was with his gaze lost through the car window thinking how incredible fast time had passed. Life seemed to always go on, everything else outside continued, did not stop. And despite that, he felt for a long time his world had become very small. An instant of pain that repeated every day and nothing changed. It felt like an immutable cage with superfluous bars. But from which with his helplessness, he hadn't had the strength to break them or just see them for what they really were. An illusion.
"Yes," was the only thing Tony could say.
"I hate storms," said the younger girl who was lying on her dad's legs.
"You're right. I must go to rest," Tony said, looking at the floor.
"Nightmares, again," Steve said embarrassed.
"You can't hold the weight of the world in your hands. It's not fair," Natasha said worriedly. "A part of you knows he could come back to you (which is going to happen), but you are also afraid that is not the right thing to do."
Wong shook his head. "I don't understand. It should have worked."
Pepper opened her eyes and looked down. "I can't fight who you are anymore. I will always lose." She squeezed his hand.
Tony put the clothes on the bed, and Steve approached him. He stood in front of Tony to take his towel and threw it in a chair. Tony was staring at him with a look in his eyes that didn't talk about dressing at all. Steve smiled pleased and felt Tony take him by the neck to kiss him. Steve kissed him back, but Tony made a movement that caused him pain.
"Did you dream about him?" Chandra asked very quietly.
"I hope so," Steve said sighing.
And yet, dealing with death in the future didn't seem as difficult as trying not to feel affected by Steve.
«Steve,» Tony said with a smile.
— — — — —
"You still owe me; you'll pay me back," Rocket told him.
"Yes, she is helping me with the project. But let me know when we have the meeting," Tony told him, coming back to himself.
"Hey," Steve saw Natasha coming. He was in the hallway leaning against the wall. She had followed him. "Come on, Steve. Don't give up so easily. It's not something Captain America would do," Natasha told him with a smile.
Steve said his name. He broke the spell. Tony was alive, and he could say his name. He remembered him like this so clearly. Tony looked young and vital, full of energy…
Of the thousands of scenarios he could have thought in that minute, none one word of what Wong said passed through his head.
«I'm fine, Love. It's my proud who is hurt,» Tony half smiled.
Steve buried his face in his neck, “Stay with me.”
They continued walking in silence looking to people reading the walls to find the name of their love ones.
Tony watched her close the door. He could be in Steve's body, but the speed at which so many thoughts went through his head was completely his.
, I think you should not go yet, just not yet» The last part sounded more pleading than he meant, but he hoped it would work.
"What would have happened after the storm passed?" Tony asked knowing that Steve understood what he meant.
Tony rolled his eyes to the comment.
"Peps, tell me what I can do," Tony asked in a broken voice.
"Friday, what's going on?" Tony said and unquestionably felt the familiar emptiness that caused Steve's separation from his side.
"Thank you all. For the effort to bring us back," said T'Challa.
Tony began to review the years of the wines and placed a pair on a nearby shelf. While checking the label of a Spanish wine, he heard his name in that soft tone which only
“I'm here, Cap,” said Tony with resignation.
Tony sighed deeply. After a few minutes, he replied. "OK."
"Steve," Tony couldn't say another word other than his name.
her. But now his mind could not stop recreating that scene, those feelings. He left, ran away and likewise all that turmoil came with him. Suddenly, Tony's quiet heart started to beat faster when he heard a car entering the cabin. It could only be him, he thought. He heard the car stopped and someone stepping out. He did not want to look back. Tony was sure it would be him.
"Sorry?" Tony asked touching one of the screens.
"You like to break the rules," Steve whispered in his ear.
"Me too and after eating I want my massage," Nat said going to the dining room.
"We'll see that later. But it seems like a good idea," Steve said looking at Tony who stared at him for a few seconds before answering.
"Let's go to the cabin," Tony said breathlessly and saw Steve breathe through those reddened lips and nod.
Tony smirked, and while still holding Steve's hole open with his fingers, he darted his tongue in. Giving shallow licks to the inside making him gasped even more. But soon after Tony slowly pulled away and lined up to press the head of his cock against Steve’s opening. Steve cried out in pleasure as Tony pushed further and further in, filling him. He felt Steve trembled and shook as he pulled slowly out until only the head of his cock was caught on his rim. First he thrust slowly in, letting Steve feel him whole when he pushed relentlessly inside him. He did it again, and again, picking up a delicious pace that made them both groan ardently.
Tony lifted his head. "I know," he said, staring at him. "You always have been."
"It's OK, Tony. You need to rest" Tony heard Bruce say in the distance, and he also agreed, it was better to keep sleeping.
"Stop. Please, Tony, stop," Steve said begging him. "I thought it was enough to know you were alive. I had come back to life the day I saw you get off that ship. You were alive, you were happy with Pepper and that was all that mattered. But you appeared here again, and this time I didn't care about what was right or wrong. That's why I kissed you in the cave, because for one time in my life I wanted to love you without anything else mattering. But I was wrong." Steve went to the door and opened it. "If you saw part of my life as I saw yours, you will know how my story always ends," he finished saying without looking at him and left the room.
"I'm glad you're here with me," Pepper told him and Tony opened his eyes. Tears ran down Pepper's face.
"I don't know. I thought you might be interested to know," Natasha replied with too much mischief. She took one of the beers Tony had in his hands and turned around.
"I'm here. I'm yours," Tony replied panting.
Steve's smile widened.
Tony looked at him with a wince of pain. "That's a low blow."
"Tony," Steve told him with concern and a tone even more serious.
"Perfect," Steve replied.
"Mister Stark," said someone behind him. When Tony turned around, he found a very attractive brunette in front of him.
"As much as your lives want it that way."
«I thought you were too old fashioned to know the term,» Tony said teasing.
"What are you doing here?," Tony asked between his teeth. A contained fury was drawn in his eyes.
One more time, a new life had been lived in just an instant. A weekend, an encounter, a night, a kiss that gave meaning to their lives.
Romanoff woke up with a blue friend in her arms," Tony said smiling.
«We don't need to talk about the future, but we can talk about things up to this present. Practically with you I have ancient history class» Tony said trying to release the tension. «What can you tell me about your old days? I think we've never talked about your past before»
“Yes, they are. He is fine,” Steve assured him.
"Hey buddy, easy. Try to breathe,” Tony heard Rhodey say.
Steve laughed, "She is a beautiful girl..."
«I missed you so much,» Tony sighed.
Tony smiled. «I love you,» he closed his eyes.
"I think so." Tony laughed. "I'm going for a beer, do you want one?"
“I will. I promise,” Tony said firmly.
Steve lifted Tony head. "Let's go to the shower," he said stroking his chin and Tony nodded.
Steve smiled at him.
kissing her?" Tony couldn't help joking with him.
"But it's your best friend's birthday." Steve looked at him a little worried.
"I really do not know," Tony replied thoughtfully.
Tony cleared this throat, and Steve returned from his absorption and looked at him. He was waiting.
It sounded perfect to Steve.
When they arrived at the compound, Tony asked Friday if Steve was there. The AI replied he was in the gym, so Tony went there thinking what he should say first. Walking through the facility he saw Steve running on the treadmill. Tony came closer, and when Steve saw him, stopped the machine immediately.
"Stop," Steve said breathlessly.
"I knew you would be the worst of all," Tony said, smiling and shaking his head.
, because… because I...»
"Any time," Steve replied looking at her.
"Yeah, but we need two supermen to deal with any green adversity," Tony said grinning.
"It's quite obvious both of you have been avoiding each other," Natasha said smiling.
"Sometimes I see the days sombered even when the sun is out there. It is like my life loses all its brightness and everything remains grim; people, places, voices. All the experiences I live lose their color, the meaning," Tony said staring blankly, "Wow, it looks like I was waiting for someone to ask me," he said trying to smile.
A few minutes later the door opened, Tony quickly entered. Steve approached him.
_ _ _ _ _
Everyone was very worried about Thor and with good reason. He had tormented himself because of what happened in Wakanda. At first, he refused to talk to anyone, but they kept insisting. Tony knew all they had to do was to be there with him, be a support and make him see he was not alone. It was quite complicated to try to help someone who felt broken when sharing the same grief. But as Rhodey had helped him, Tony felt compelled to make Thor see that he was not guilty of anything. None of them were, and now after what happened, they had each other. And that was the only thing that mattered.
"Thanks, happy new year," Steve replied smiling, and he went to Chandra and Vishen who had approached the place where the rest was gathered.
They all laughed and cheered on Steve. Tony had to prove Romanoff right. Cap was good with speeches.
Happy stared at Steve and then lowered his head to answer. "The doctor's appointment," he said half ashamed.
"Easy, Cap. You only have to do a quick speech, and you are very good at those," Tony said nodding.
«It's intriguing, isn't it? He seems to be resting, like he needed it. But yes, keep him there until you have everything» Tony replied.
«Ah» was Steve response with a smirk. But then he asked with absolute curiosity, «And what did she say, did she like it?»
«I definitely should dedicate myself to be a fortune teller!» Tony said laughing with sarcasm.
He went away.
"You are a romantic, Captain," Tony smiled and opened his eyes to look at him adoringly.
"Do you want me to make you some tea or something? Something to relax?" Chandra asked.
"It's an old conception about souls. No, we don't have a single soulmate, if not many. We are an universal and infinite energy, Tony, which as you have lived transcends matter and space. We connect with other energies and create the expressions of life. Sometimes those connections vibrate at the same pace in many lives, in many forms and multiverses. Then the connections become special, because their encounter made them stronger and extraordinary. The connections of the souls are energies creators of the magic that surrounds everything, of the purity that does not have limits." Wong took a deep breath. "We live to create, to shape that energy and when we connect with that other unique energy and create marvelous worlds, we know we manifested
«Stable, the nurse told me it was better if he sleeps. It won't be so painful that way,» he explained to her.
It was something to think about.
Cho nodded. And Thor, Steve and Tony saw how the wound the doctor had opened to inject the formula began to heal itself. Tony knew the regeneration was working, but what he didn't know what was going on in Bruce's mind at the moment. Suddenly, Banner's body began shaking as his skin began to turn green.
"Until you left Carol alone for a moment," Steve said taking the beer. "Thanks. Could you give me a scotch, please?," Steve told the bartender and turned to see Tony.
Sarah laughed softly, "Well, I just received some assignments yesterday, but I think I could take some time out," she said hesitating a little.
«Of course, Sir. Do you want me to inform someone in the compound?»
«Come on, we have to do something» Steve said pleading.
voice live one more time was enough, was all he could have asked. Likewise, the thought that also interrupted his mind about him dying right there, at the hands of the man he profoundly loved, was not such a terrible idea either. But he did what he thought was best. Very, very slowly he started to turn around with his hands up. When he turned completely, he saw the iron suit in front of him.
It was already dark, maybe it was midnight, he thought. Steve knew he shouldn't leave the room and the truth was, he thought he could live there all his life if he only knew Tony would always come for him. It seemed like a gift from the universe that this day he could be there to see him once more. If Steve thought about it, he really hadn't thanked Strange for doing this for Tony. Strange had spoken to him of an unbreakable force, but Steve could recognize those words.  "
Tony took him by the hair and deepened the kiss again. "Go be a good boy," he said with a sigh, teasing him.
Steve was drinking a glass of water. "I know, I'm sorry. I can't…" he said without turning. He could not look at her face now.
"Bruce..." he heard himself say. He wanted to stay focus and talk, but he couldn't. He wanted to ask Bruce who had been there, who had spoken to him, but the weariness raged again and an intoxicating dream could do more than he.
Rhodey started laughing too, "Well, it was that or that one day you two would kill each other," he said explaining, "Preferably the first."
"At least we still have pizza. This is to be grateful," Rhodey said biting a slide of pizza. He and Tony were in the lab having dinner. "If I'm honest, the meeting was better than I thought."
" Steve approached a few steps. "
"Whatever," said Tony.
A month later as Tony had said, the portal was ready. First, they would do a couple of tests before returning the stones. The compound was also rebuilding quite quickly. Gradually everything was returning to normal. They were still in the city apartment and Tony and he missed their home too much. But both wanted to return when they had returned the stones. As for Pepper, Steve realized he had to leave fear behind. She was an important part of Tony's life, and he understood it. Suddenly, he heard Tony entered the dept. He was on the kitchen putting a glass in the sink when he saw Tony approached the counter opposite to him. He leaned on without saying a word. Steve came closer to him, stood in front, and gave him a quick kiss on the lips.
"I love you with everything I am," Steve told him staring at him.
Tony felt a pressure in his chest that didn't seem to come from his own body. It was what Steve was feeling. Suddenly, he was also invaded by a deep but well-known sadness. One he felt was used to. Tony couldn't stop looking at him, but Steve didn't want to see him in the eyes.
"Well, good trip," Bruce said, placing his hand on Steve's shoulder as he left the kitchen.
"We better leave you alone," Rhodey said looking a Bruce who nodded, and they left the room. There was a silence for a few seconds.
"Remind me, why am I supposed to go to that conference?" Steve complained while Natasha helped him with his tie.
“I am not asking you to stop loving her. It would not be fair,” Steve said, “You ask for forgiveness and here I am being selfish not letting you have your grief.” He turned around and looked at the night sky. “I want to fight your demons, Tony. I want the guilt, the remorse, the shame to be over so you can
shot a string of webbing by accident, and was trying to figure out what had caused it to emerge at such a weird angle. Then he realized it hadn’t come from him. The person he’d thought had been tossed was in fact soaring around the room quite voluntarily.
Content Notes: (These are even more spoilery than usual, so if you have no major triggers or concerns I'd advise skipping!) So, a few things in this chapter. It begins toward the end of Natasha and Tony's scene, so there's some explicit sexual content there. Tony struggles with panic and major self-worth problems during the scene that Natasha doesn't pick up on, but does the next day when he's really struggling with panic and a lot of regret and guilt over his own Nat's death.
a version of the guy who had once threatened to taze Tony for not saving his own life fast enough, so the little streak of sadism in his handling style was kind of unsurprising.) “You design it and talk them through it and I’ll evaluate? That way even I won’t know what’s coming, it’ll be kind of a test for myself as a handler too.”
“Phil mentioned you were having some issues with some homework—not in a tattling way, he was just mentioned in passing that he was concerned. Anything I can help with?” Tony groaned, flopping onto the couch into a dramatic, swooning pose.
“Sounds like everything Rhodey has ever said about being dragged into things was probably pretty accurate, huh?”
“Well, it varies depending on the material. Contextually I’m willing to bet that it’s not too high for the magnet they gave us. The little oven that’s here doesn’t get much higher than a standard kitchen stove, plus it would be kind of a bummer to spend the entire night waiting for the magnet to cool down before we could use it and I’m sure at least JARVIS would have taken that into account. I’ll have to do some calculations.” After a few more seconds, Clint let Tony slide his hand away, tucked a pen behind his own ear, and leapt soundlessly down onto the floor.
“My submissive still gets asked about the one I made for her all the time,” he’d explained. “Someone offered us a lot of money for it, actually, back when he had almost nothing. But I told her that I could never bear to see her collar around someone else’s neck, and she said I’d better just open by own shop then, so that everyone could know what it was like to have a collar made just for them.”
? That would be a bit rich from the woman who wanted me tarred and feather for the mere act of producing and selling weapons just because I didn’t know how and under what conditions each and every one of them would be used. Well I’m not going to give you absolution, Brown. And your sanctimonious ass has no right coming in here and expecting it.”
Dummy took it perhaps harder than everyone. He haunted the penthouse elevator for hours on end, and a quick look at his back-end communications between he and JARVIS revealed he was asking the AI for updates about Rogers every thirty minutes on the dot. Even a couple of weeks ago this would probably have pissed Tony off majorly (did the guy really have to steal Tony's bots, too?), but their chat in the kitchen had done a great deal to lessen what was left of Tony’s hostilities. Rogers could have used that moment to mock Tony’s complete lack of knowledge. At the very least he might have refused to touch the topic at all. Given that Tony had effectively been asking how best to get busy with the guy’s partners, he would have been well within his rights. Instead, Cap had been genuinely helpful—kind, informative and eminently practical.
“I don’t care!” Steve shouted. Pepper placed her hand on his arm again, and this time Steve permitted the touch, bowing his head and taking several long, slow breaths. (When all this was over, if any of them were still on speaking terms, Tony was going to find out when and how Steve and Pep had gotten so close.) “I was scared at first to learn that you weren’t a submissive, but that was mainly because it’s such a huge aspect of life here that it just felt like another thing separating us. But now—well, first of all, you
Steve had learned to enjoy anticipation. For so long after he’d come out of the ice, and then again after Tony had died, he hadn’t been interested or even capable of looking toward the future. What use was looking forward when all he had wanted was to go back? Bu Steve had scratched and clawed his way back to a healthier, more hopeful place. It was the hardest battle he’d ever fought, but now he got to enjoy the fruits of all that labour, including the pleasant anticipation of a whole future with his partners.
, dammit, out of the
“Oh! Darren.”
Although Endgame changed some of the details, this scene was one of the ones I've had outlined and half-written since the beginning. I've been dying to get here, and I really hope you liked it! Kudos and comments will be even more appreciated than usual (which is saying something, really, because you're already the best readers a gal could ask for.)
“Which one would you like to wear this evening, Mr. Stark?” she teased. He pointed to one near the middle, a Bvlgari in sandblasted ceramic. The band, face and hands were all black, which would make it versatile, easy to dress up or down. Only the back of the casing was clear, exposing some of the inner workings of the watch as well as numerous small jewels that had been set into it. (He loved that those weren’t visible to anyone but the wearer, like a secret they would only share with someone close.) Natasha smirked, which was all the confirmation he needed that she had chosen that particular piece, and slid it onto his wrist in a surprisingly gentle movement that avoided pinching at any hair or skin as she did up the clasp.
He was halfway through his second cup before Tony realized that he still hadn’t gotten dressed. It was hard to even muster up annoyance about how right they’d all been about that; his whole system, deprived of its regular routines with the team for days now, was clinging to even a hint of normalcy. And spending a good portion of his time naked did feel normal, and right; Tony didn’t have it in him to fight acknowledging it, especially not after yesterday when shedding his clothes around Rhodey hadn’t produced any of the shame or awkwardness he’d expected. If it was fine around his best friend, in whom Tony had zero sexy feelings, how could it not be fine with his partners?
Tony panics about having his blood taken for reasons that might not make sense if you haven't read chapter six of the Ask Strange replies
Truly, he didn’t know what he’d been expecting, but the blank emptiness of what he knew had been Tony’s workshop in the previous iteration of the compound left Peter breathless. He nearly turned right back around and sprinted for the elevator before the doors had closed, but a faint whirring noise echoed through the otherwise empty expanse of the room.
“But would you be able to rest?” she’d asked, soft and sad and hopeless because she'd already known the answer, and so had Tony.
“So the food thing…is that a reliable indicator of someone’s orientation or headspace, especially if they're a switch?” he’d asked. They’d all appeared somewhat stunned by the question, so he’d launched into a babbled explanation of his half-formed thought. “It’s just…everyone who’s serving right now is a Dom, aren’t they, or a switch in a Dommish kind of headspace? And everyone who’s being served is submissive-leaning. Coincidence, or one of those times where I’m getting it horribly wrong again? Natasha this is the part where you smoothly jump in if I’m bungling it, you made an oath over cheesy popcorn and there is nothing more sacred.” Someone should have been rolling their eyes by now, or telling Tony to shut up. Instead the smile Nat bestowed on him appeared almost fond.
“I understand, Clint.”
“It’s not petty. You don’t resent us for having something, you’re scared that you’re losing something, or that you’ll never get a chance to have it. I felt that way too, you know.”
“Thank you,” he murmured, for far more than the watch. He’d been observed by his own Natasha before, of course, but had never felt particularly
A series of excellent inquiries!
“Uh, I mean, the lot of you are pretty impressive to be honest.”
“The prep we did with the toys made me want to try an extended fingering scene. I’ve been thinking about it since Bruce milked you, actually, but seeing you play with yourself like that…yeah. I’d love to keep you over my lap for a couple hours, just playing with your pretty ass and seeing how many times I could get you to come just from my fingers. Maybe let some of the team watch.” Tony yelped as his hand slipped out from under him, but Steve had him gripped around the waist long before his face even came near the water. “That a yes then?”
“Alright. That’s enough, both of you,” Phil barked, digging up the very last of Agent Coulson he had the energy to project. He was gratified when Steve sat up in his seat. “No one here failed that man. JARVIS, Stane had access to your systems that Tony gave him because he trusted Stane like a parent. That is not your fault. That is not anyone’s fault except Stane’s for being a manipulative psychopath. And Steve, I know it’s been difficult to find out how many things the other Tony kept from us. It’s alright to sometimes feel angry or betrayed sometimes; I certainly do.” Steve’s bloodshot eyes finally found Phil’s at that, filled with a kind of wary disbelief. “It’s true. But in this particular case, I suspect miscommunication was the issue moreso than deliberate obfuscation. Tony knew I was aware of these events, and likely assumed I had shared them with the rest of you in detail. Perhaps I should have, in hindsight. But it never really seemed like the right time to pile past hurts on top of the more immediate ones. I am truly sorry if that was an error.”
“I think you’re quite aware that I am listening to you, and that I will always listen to you—anywhere, at any time, but especially in this space.” Tony wished Bruce sounded the slightest bit angry. He knew what to do with anger, knew both how to stoke it and turn it into rage and how to quell and gentle it into forgiveness. But this dispassionate refusal to be provoked left behind no cracks to put pressure on, no buttons to push.
For a few minutes Phil let them just set there, slowly alternating his pressure on Tony’s neck and occasionally adjusting his posture to ensure Tony stayed comfortable. He might honestly have dozed if left like that for too long; all the renewed talk about bloodwork amidst the threat that Tony’s identity might be challenged was enough to keep him up at night. But he was just as glad when Phil spoke.
Natasha proved to be just as devastatingly competent with a strap as she was with a paddle. She let the leather sit on his skin after each blow for a second longer than Steve had done, producing a reverberating echo of pain that was almost as bad as the initial hit. Tony was still managing to resist the urge to cry by the time she was finished, though he honestly didn’t know how he was managing it.
Tony spends a highly unpleasant morning with a member of the SI Board, and a far more satisfying afternoon in the park.
For the first time in weeks, Tony woke and entered the living area of the penthouse to find it empty. The signs that the team had been there recently were everywhere, including the kitchen counter where someone had left a full bowl of washed fruit and what looked like homemade mini-scones. (It had to have been Bruce, he’d taken to leaving snacks out all over the Tower lately.) But there was no one watching TV on the couch or drinking orange juice out of the carton or offering to fetch Tony his first cup of coffee.
Tony didn’t know exactly what it was he was begging for, but Steve apparently did, because in seconds he had slid his own pants down, then bent at the waist and hoisted Tony up and into his lap. Steve jabbed his hips upward, sending their cocks rubbing gloriously against one another. Tony’s eyes shut reflexively, lost to the pleasure of all of it, but Steve’s hand was instantly in his hair, tugging hard enough to be just this side of painful.
“’s like the watches. Like the watches but—
: This chapter picks up almost immediately following last chapter. As such, Steve's mind is still very much on the super triggery stuff that he was thinking and talking about then. See last chapter's warning for details if you haven't read it yet, and take care while reading.
“What, just because I’ve known good people—”
Peter taps his foot impatiently all the way down, and bursts out the second the doors open with even less grace than usual. He hopes to at least find his mentor preparing the vibranium, or working one of his crazy-detailed diagrams of the building. Instead, Tony is seated on the couch watching what appears to be footage of a training session and taking notes on a tablet in his lap.
The third response deals with feelings of jealousy (all expressed and explored in what I consider to be healthy and safe ways, but they're still there and very real.) The person experiencing the jealousy also feels a lot of guilt about them and requests a punishment for them, which is denied.
