to be an ally.’ He looks back at Tony. ‘And Loki? You were pretty quick to help him out before we knew he’d been under mind control when we first fought him.’
He tears his seatbelt off and jumps out of the cab, running around to the back door and flings it open as Natasha climbs out of her own.
Peter waves her off. ‘It’s fine,’ he tells her, then looks back down at the young girl. ‘I’m Spider-Man.’
‘I can’t see them leaving more there, they’ll need a big enough force to get through to our flag,’ Quill agrees.
‘Better than expected, Spider-Man,’ Steve smiles at him as they all file out of the training room. ‘Just like always.’
‘Well I suppose that really depends on what he classes as ‘enhanced abilities’ doesn’t it?’ the third woman, who Tony thinks is the one called Val, adds. She turns to the camera. ‘Just to remind all of our viewers that Secretary Ross is proposing legislation that means anyone with enhanced abilities must register with the United States Government, he says as a way to ensure the safety of the individuals as well as the general public. It would mean everyone on the Avengers team would need to register, as well as several of the vigilantes we see around the country. Ross himself named some of the vigilantes he’s be working to find the identities of, including Spider-Man, Daredevil and Deadpool. That’s just in New York alone.’
He swears there’s tears in her eyes that she blinks away before she presses a kiss to his cheek, and he’s glad the helmet isn’t up. She doesn’t say anything, just goes to stand by Clint.
‘I…’ the humanoid blinks, and takes a deep breath. ‘Peter, I would like to ask your permission to marry Wanda.’
supporting the other god or not. He just knows he’d rather the devil he knew than the devil he didn’t at this moment in time.
Peter looks between the two of them, mouth hanging open. ‘But…I…but…’ something snaps inside of him and he feels the tears pouring down his face, hot and shameful. He buries his face in his hands, fingers digging into his scalp.
‘No I’m talking to the smurf sat next to you,’ Bucky huffs, he’s already nervous about having to ask this as it is without the trickster making it more difficult. ‘Yes I’m asking you.’
Tony feels the tears in his eyes as he finishes reading the letter from Peggy Carter. He’s allowed Rhodes to read it over his shoulder, and his oldest friend is gripping his shoulder in silent support.
‘No, see with a car accident I could have. Dad and I are technological geniuses remember? All these years of ‘If only I’d checked the car before they went’ I now know is irrelevant. I mean, yeah Dad was a prick, but Mom didn’t deserve it.’
. He didn’t understand it’s power any more than we do,’ Tony pulls the teenager into a one-armed hug. ‘This is one of the many reasons I keep you around.’
Peter’s face lights up and he throws his arms around him. ‘Thank you!’ he says, then runs off, pulling out his phone.
‘Nope, but I’m pretty sure I’ve learned enough about drawing attention to yourself from him that I can keep them busy.’
They fly for around an hour, and Tony and Sam take him through the mission. Its simple reconnaissance but they figured his enhanced senses and wall crawling abilities would be useful, especially since they were hoping there’d be clues to what was enhancing the weaponry and his hearing had picked up the difference before. Finally they reach their destination.
‘Hey! What about me? Am I just an ornament now or something?’ Sam demands, flying down to take out some others who are making a move towards Steve’s back.
‘Sounds like a plan,’ Steve nods, ‘tell them to let us know the moment they think the Jotuns might be close. We’ll do the same.’
‘Don’t know what you’re talking about, Sammy,’ Bucky grins, coming out from underneath where he’s been working a particularly stubborn bit of the trunk. ‘This side is all finished and ready for you to sand when you get more than a third of the way down the table.’
‘If you’re not on your way up in fifteen minutes I’m coming down and throwing you over my shoulder.’
Loki and Bucky face off against each other as Loki tries to return Bucky's mind to him. Meanwhile Strange and Wanda face Agatha.
Steve opens his mouth to repeat what he’s just said about taking Tony home but Bucky’s voice from last night stops him.
‘Pete, didn’t you want to go out on patrol tonight?’ May comes in and asks, tying her hair back in preparation for cooking food. ‘Ned did you want to wait with me for him to get back and have dinner?’
‘Be good to exorcise some of those ghosts as well, Tones,’ Rhodes points out, ‘and it’ll just rot away otherwise.’
‘Nat? Tell our cat I may need him to catch a mouse,’ he says as he leaves; Natasha, face serious once more, nods and walks in the opposite direction. It takes everything inside Tony not to look back as he leaves the park.
bit of mistletoe is,’ Tony says, then looks pointedly at Wanda, ‘and no one is allowed to try and find out where they were all put.’
. I told you you’re nephew is an incredible kid, Ms Parker, and I meant it. I promise I’ll do all I can to keep him safe.’
‘Don’t give him the choice,’ Bucky laughs, putting his arm around Natasha’s waist and pulling her against his side. They’d been an item for a few months now and Steve has never seen the two of them happier, it’s been a relief that something good has grown out of what happened with Thanos. ‘Just tell him to move his ass and go stand out there. Besides,’ he says to Steve, ‘you can distract yourself by saying hello to all the poor sods who have come out to see you guys
‘I doubt I’ll see you when I’m there, so I’ll just have to say good luck and I’ll see you when everything is sorted with Beck.’
‘Thor,’ Loki knows that, not all too long ago, he would have hated himself for the next words that would come out of his mouth, ‘I will not be able to change my nature overnight, I will always be one for mischief and there may be times you doubt my intentions, but I swear to you that from now on, we will be the brothers we were before.’
lap for you two,’ he grumbles, ‘but for some of us it takes a little longer.’ He still follows the soldier out to the grounds and raises an eyebrow when he sees the person waiting next to Steve. ‘He didn’t tell me they’d roped you into this as well.’
Bucky sighs, head still down as he responds. ‘When I was the Winter Soldier I was lucky they never put me up against the team directly, I think they were worried it might get through the conditioning if I saw old friends. There were a couple of times another team was sent against them and I was in the background as back up; I tell you what Stevie you’d be proud of them all from what I saw from my vantage points,’ he laughs a little. ‘But then, later on, I did a couple of missions in the UK and I’d come up against this guy, dark coloured uniform that hid his face, I think he was a vigilante of some description, but he’d be able to slow me down, make me screw up. I never did find out who he was, I don’t think anyone really knew, and I never knew what name they gave him, but some of his strategies… they reminded me, now I can look back on it, of Monty’s from the war. He was a damn good shot as well-’
with you, Wade,’ Peter rests his head against his boyfriend’s chest, ‘it’s about how much of my relationship with everyone I can show in front of others.’
‘Tony,’ Loki says in warning as four figures appear down the path he’d just gestured to. His daggers materialise in his hands and he slips into the familiar defensive position.
‘I’m looking out for him Rhodey, and I’m still named as his next of kin so I think you’ll find I can.’
‘Don’t push your luck, you’re supposed to be healing and I’m going to be in enough trouble as it is if Pepper catches you with that tablet.’
He genuinely loses track of the time as he and Wade duck and weave and aim hits at each other, but eventually he’s so tired the only thing he can do to avoid any more hits is to launch himself to the ceiling.
Stephen gives him a sympathetic smile. ‘I’m afraid the nurses I work with are rather more matter-of-fact, though still optimistic. I can’t abide the nurses who seem to think they’re auditioning for a role as Barbie.’
even realises how much he feels for the guy; he did make the good point that Wade has his back in all aspects of his life though, at least he can keep up with both Peter
‘Fuck the Accords, Stevie,’ Bucky says, coming up to them with burning eyes. ‘Tony’s missing, we need all the help we can get to bring him back.’
‘I met Jessica Jones once,’ Tony huffs a laugh, ‘woman makes me seem like a lightweight when it comes to drinking problems, and has got an attitude bigger than Scott when he goes Giant Man.’
‘You’re hurting me!’ she cries, desperately trying to get her feet under her. ‘Bucky, stop! What are you doing?’
‘The mental link,’ he waves his hand dismissively, ‘Bucky’s side was panicked, or as close to panicked as he can get, and then it went quiet. Unfortunately, it’s taken me longer than it should to realise it was
Peter feels his heart breaking. ‘But Wade…’ he struggles to find the words he wants, ‘why would I find you disgusting?’
‘I thought out of everyone Steve was going to be the laying-down-the-rules father figure, but you blew him out the water,’ Bucky sniggers.
‘Firstly,’ Wade says, gently placing Lila on the floor, ‘this building is not on fire and I’m not expecting you to fall into a fiery inferno at any second-’
So Tony wasn’t quite expecting this level of noise when they finally revealed the full extent of HYDRA’s involvement in the committee.
‘Tony? Loki?’ There’s no response. ‘Dammit!’ He can feel himself starting to panic. ‘We don’t have any comms so there’s no way to contact them. Wait,’ he spins to face his friend, ‘try contacting Loki through the link.’
‘Deadpool and Daredevil have said they’ll cover us once everyone’s on board,’ Natasha explains, heading to the front to sit next to Clint as Bucky returns. ‘Sam and Vision are making sure there’s nothing left before they come back. They’ll be two minutes tops. Clint? Start up the engines.’
‘Brother!’ Thor leaps to his feet and hurries to the man’s side; he’s still looking decidedly blue and waves his brother away when he gets close.
Finding a spot to change, he does so in record time before he’s more flying than swinging through the air to the place Tony had texted.
She bites her lip before speaking again. ‘It just…it felt more like a home than the facility has and…well it’ll be a new start for all of us.’
‘Hmm,’ Mama eyes him over her glasses, ‘well you’ve got manners, young man, which is more than most these days. You think you can keep Tony in line?’
‘I’m nervous as hell, Buck. What if I screw up? What if he decides I screwed up too much in the past and he decides he can’t trust me anymore? What if-’
still a kid though, legally anyway, and in many ways, you are still a kid. And that’s what we love about you, though. Your idealism would be sickening if Steve hadn’t been building up my immunity for years. We all want to protect that in you, Pete, because this life sucks it out of you way too fast. At the same time, we’ve all seen you in action and we trust you to have our backs when things go sideways. Just…bear with us alright?’
‘Sorry boys, but I’m afraid you don’t stand a chance against Tony’s brain,’ she says to the motionless bodies as she enters the room, the gas already dissipating having done its job. ‘Need to remember to let Tony know they worked,’ she reminds herself before turning to the computers. ‘Ugh, these guys really need to update their tech. Or maybe I’m just being spoilt.’
‘Where the fuck did you crawl from, kid?’ Mark chokes as he scrambles to his feet and away from an angry Peter.
‘Pot, kettle much,’ he grumbles and heads over to the soldiers. He gives Bucky a ‘help me’ look at he approaches but Bucky just smiles at him encouragingly.
‘I can’t,’ he says, zipping his bag back up and handing it to his friend. ‘I need to help the Avengers keep everyone safe. It’s my fault they came here, I need to help fix it.’
‘Yeah Pool said the same thing,’ Peter says as the man sits back down. He mouths the vigilante’s name at him and sees the scowl through the mask but ignores him. ‘He’s going to check out a couple of the sites when we’ve finished here.’
Tony says nothing, but he’s gone very still at the counter, whatever he had been going to get is forgotten and he’s hanging on Steve’s every word.
‘I’m taking you up to the facility. May’s agreed you can stay as long as you like, and the Headmaster has said he’ll get work sent over for you,’ she says, pulling away just enough so only one arm is around his shoulders as she leads him out of the school and down the steps towards the waiting car. ‘We all agree he’ll feel much better if you’re around when he wakes up.’
‘Well I know Daredevil wouldn’t want to join the team, but I’d still warn him about what was happening,’ the teenager mumbles, ‘but, well… did you want me to see if Deadpool would give us a hand? I mean I know he’s probably not your top choice, but he’s really not all that bad I swear and-’
‘Friends! It is good to see you all again!’ Thor’s thundering voice rings out as he, Loki and Valkyrie arrive at the compound. The god rushes forward and brings Steve into an embrace that has Peter able to hear his bones crunching from where he stands.
‘Because the Quentin Beck from this world was fired from Stark Industries for being mentally and emotionally unstable. He also just so happens to be an expert in holographic-illusions. He was one of the key figures in the BARF project.’
‘I know everyone else is as scared as I am, and in a way that makes it better, because I know I’m not alone. Even if we
‘You’re looking a little confused, dearie,’ Agatha’s smiling again, ‘so I’ll enlighten you. I’ve been in your head and I’ve seen what you’re capable of, what you’ve held back from doing simply because you’re scared. You’re scared of your powers but you have no idea just how dangerous you really are, buttercup. You’re supposed to be a myth. You have the ability of spontaneous creation. Your power exceeds that of the Sorcerer Supreme! It’s your destiny to destroy the world. The funniest thing, toots? You had the ability to bring back your dead boyfriend all by yourself, and instead you hide away. You’re the Scarlet Witch, Wanda, and you just gave me everything. Which means
‘You mean apart from the fact I’m not intending on creating any more murderous robots?’ At her glare he puts his hands up in surrender. ‘Alright, sorry, inappropriate. Honestly Nat I don’t know why you’re asking
But he doesn’t answer, he just begins to drag her along the corridor and up the flight of stairs where he’s always disappeared from her sight before. Wanda tries reaching into his mind, to see if she can think of a way to get through to him, but what she sees terrifies her. There’s nothing in his mind except his orders.
‘Why don’t I focus on that?’ Sam suggests. ‘There’s other people here who are better suited to the investigation stage at the moment.’
‘I got a bone to pick with you, Tony,’ Fury’s irate tone comes from the entrance to the common area.
Those words cause fury to course through Loki. ‘No, you don’t,’ he spits back. ‘You belong to no-one but yourself.’
They teased each other, and Natasha, all the way through and sometimes the two of them would end up laughing so hard they couldn’t do any of the moves and Natasha would look at them with a mixture of fondness and exasperation until they’d calmed down enough to carry on. Wanda also found she was doing much better now she had someone to compare and compete against.
‘Uh-huh,’ she raises an eyebrow at him, ‘something tells me there’s a story here.’ He caves and tells her about his visit to Sister Margaret’s. At first she’s furious that he went there and put himself in that situation, but when he goes on to tell her about winning pool and pinning a couple of the mercs she’s laughing hysterically. ‘I can just imagine their faces when this scrawny kid takes them all out!’
Tony,’ he grins at her and then laughs as she mutters an insult at him in Russian on her way out. ‘Love you too, Nat!’
He swears he hears Wade mumble before he runs after him: ‘You’re going to be the death of me, Baby Boy.’
‘I imagine it hurt to hear just as much as the shield did for you.’ After a pause he adds. ‘He also has dreams of Peter being crushed under piles of rubble and he can’t do anything to save him.’
Peter just reaches down and takes hold of the young boy’s arms, pulling him up against his chest so he can look around the room. ‘This is so awesome!’ the boy shouts, making Peter wince at the volume.
‘I could look at getting the house at Long Island sorted though,’ Tony grins, smiling spreading as the excitement on Steve’s face grows, ‘make sure the grounds are dog-escape-proof. Then maybe we could have a couple of guard dogs.’
‘Because you can make us all laugh even when it shouldn’t be possible; because you brought us all back together, and without you I’m not sure how long it’d be before we fell apart. Tony, when we realised you’d been taken the whole team turned to me for what to do, and you want to know what my reaction was? I wanted to turn to
‘So basically just like Christmas leftovers then?’ Tony grins. Steve just gives him a soft smile and leans in for a kiss. ‘What was that for?’ he asks when the blond pulls away.
‘Yeah,’ Quill laughs, ‘sounds stupid but I couldn’t walk past this one. Something in the back of my mind…’
‘I’ve got an idea,’ Peter says, darting forwards and pulling out a web-shooter; the teenagers quickly wraps webs around the shoulders and upper torso of the motionless man and then gestures towards Thor. ‘Let’s see if we can get him up, the webs should stop our skin from coming into contact with his; or at least enough to get him up to the medical wing. I’ll help you take him, I’ve got the fastest healing so that way if it does come through I’ll heal up quicker.’
The noise seems to stop, or at least he can’t feel it vibrating through his entire body anymore, but his ears are still ringing. He tries shouting but, although he can feel the sound tearing at his throat, he can’t hear anything. He turns to look at Steve, and sees the black clad soldiers moving towards them.
‘Well I didn’t think it was appropriate for the dinner table but yes,’ Wade gives Natasha a dark look.
‘Hey,’ Steve catches his arm and pulls him to a stop, turning him to face him, ‘soon we won’t have to,’ he tells him quietly. ‘We’ve already got so much groundwork down with T’Challa to move…
‘Missed you too,’ Wade says when he pulls away. ‘I wasn’t sure if…I wasn’t sure whether you’d be happy to see me when you got back.’
The Jotun laughs. ‘You cannot fight as an Asgardian. This is a battle to decide the one who sits on Jotunheim’s throne. You must fight this as a Jotun.’
Steve looks like he wants to argue. Bucky laughs, ‘Stevie having to dance? Oh this is going to be hilarious.’
He’s starting to wish he hadn’t spent so much time awake before getting captured. Maybe Steve had been right.
Nathaniel’s lip starts to quiver, obviously realising he’s said something wrong. ‘That’s what I heard Dad say to Mom one night when I couldn’t sleep and went downstairs.’ Out of the corner of his eye Loki sees Clint hide his head in hands and slowly sink down in his chair. Other members of the table have started to realise what’s happening and he realises this could quickly turn awkward. Wanda seems to be trying to find the best thing to say, and Thor is frowning at Clint and Loki’s wondering how long before Mjolnir will make an appearance.
‘Ok,’ she says, getting comfortable. ‘Every week we’d take it in turns to pick what to watch from the suitcase of films that my father would try to sell on. It was how we learnt English.’
‘Doesn’t mean I can’t be grateful,’ Steve counters, sitting up to start unwrapping his gift. ‘Besides anything you get me is going to be amazing.’ Tony waits nervously whilst Steve finishes unwrapping his present, trying not to fidget as the box is opened and the gift is revealed. ‘Tony…’ Steve breaths, eyes widening in surprise.
‘If he gets to know the team he can work with us much easier when he has to. Then he can go back to being the neighbourhood superhero.’
After Peter had gone home Tony finds himself being dragged down to the facility’s pool by Sam, Steve, Bucky and Natasha. Sam complaining he needs another ‘normal’ person there for when Bucky and Steve start racing.
Peter takes a breath then nods. ‘Yeah, Mr Stark. This is going to sound strange but… my spidey-sense doesn’t go off around him.’
‘You never asked? Natasha’s a good friend, once I got over the whole lying to me about her identity thing. But then I got really used to getting over things with you so it didn’t take that long.’
Peter leaps over the top of the three ninjas that are heading their way, webbing one to the floor so Matt only has two to deal with, before running towards the power source. Its energy signatures are so similar to an infinity stone that when they’d first arrived he’d had to stop himself from having a panic attack. So now he knows he needs to grab it so they can take it back to the facility for everyone to study and frown over; right after he and Loki have thought up some elaborate story as to why they have it in the first place when they should have been Yule and Christmas shopping.
‘Do you think they’ll believe we found it in a department store?’ Peter asks the trickster as he continues to dodge enemies and make his way across the room.
‘We shall have to agree each set of terms as the individuals are discussed for return,’ Cardy says, turning to Tony once again and he can’t help but let out the slight breath he’d been holding. ‘Who did you intend to return first, Mr Stark? I sincerely hope not Captain Rogers.’
There’s a groan from the boy and he blinks and rubs at his head. ‘He’s coming round now,’ Steve tells Rhodes and the War Machine heads back towards them.
‘Because Steve said it was more personal and there weren’t that many to be written seeing as most of the team is living here.’
‘Ah don’t mention it. I realised after the last one that it was getting hard for you travelling back after a long mission so thought it might help a bit.’
‘I’ve mainly been taking him through different features on the suit and we’ve been working together on making it fit his needs. He’s still convincing me to let him have a go at one of the old Iron Man suits, but I want to save it for a special occasion.’
They’d taken a couple of days to go over Afghanistan and everything that had happened during his recovery. Tonight he’s finally opening up about Obi, and he’s promised himself not to hold back anything. He’s already kept enough back, and he feels that he owes them the full story of Obadiah Stane. Hopefully it’ll let them piece together some of the things he hasn’t already mentioned.
A/N: Hello everyone. A more timely update this week. Please do let me know what you think, even if it's to say you think it's pants any kind of feedback is much appreciated.
‘There’s lots of them,’ he replies, ‘more monsters than you can count and the only goal they all have is to capture the prince and princess from their castle; you see the princess was supposed to be so beautiful that no one could ever hope to compare. She had long black hair that shone, and sparkling brown eyes and she had a laugh that could melt the meanest heart.’
Peter opens and closes his mouth a few times obviously trying to think of an answer, and Steve realises that he hasn’t seen the whole team is there in the auditorium. Whatever he says he doesn’t know Bucky is going to hear it. ‘I guess I’d want to say: thank you.’ He looks back up from the floor to where Ned is sitting. ‘I’d want to say thank you for what he did for Captain Rogers and what he does for the team. But most of all I’d want to say thank you for accepting me, an awkward, nerdy kid from Queens, and for being my friend.’
‘Welcome to Nelson and Murdock,’ she says, catching sight of him and coming over, ‘just take a seat and we’ll be with you as soon as- oh wait I know you! You were at the gala.’
‘Just do it, Ned!’ he says, pulling off his shirt and toeing off his shoes as he searches for his suit. He hears Ned talking to the merc and hanging up just as he finds it and, taking off his jeans, pulls it on up to his waist and shoves his clothes in his backpack.
‘There are a lot of words we could use to describe you, Tony,’ Natasha says, finally getting her sniggering under control, ‘but
‘I should have pushed her more before this,’ Tony sighs, rubbing his temples with one hand. ‘If she’d had more experience of how much power she has she may not have lost control like this.’
‘Tony we had to put the cab fare on Stark Industries,’ Steve says a little sheepishly. ‘Is that alright?’
With a horrible sense of déjà vu Steve looks into his friend’s blank gaze and hears the words. ‘Who the hell is Bucky?’
‘Don’t know. We stand more chance of getting lost. Think we can take them?’ he answers, just as quietly.
Steve is surprised to say the least as Pepper links an arm with him and pulls him to one side. Tony makes a joke about being hurt and finding a nicer CEO which makes the crowd laugh. ‘You sure you don’t want to dance with Tony, Pepper? I dare say he’s a much better dancer than I am’.
‘Well, I mean if you’re too chicken and don’t think you can take me then I’ll let you bow out quietly,’ Wade shrugs.
‘Well you guys definitely came to the right place,’ she cuts across whatever Rocket was going to say in response, ‘we always do a big team Christmas now so there won’t be any problems with you joining in. We even celebrated Yule for Thor, Valkyrie and Loki last year so we do a big combination of two celebrations; and there’s always way too much food so you won’t go hungry. Plus it’s nice to change it up each year and do something different. Come on I’ll show you to your rooms, then we can meet all the team upstairs and start planning. Just you wait till me and Pete fill you in on the decorating plans…’
‘How are you so good at this?’ Bucky demands. ‘Don’t tell me ice skating is one of your superpowers.’
‘Wakanda would be the first to make a facility available to you,’ T’Challa assures them, ‘I think we’d make a lot of leaps forward in technology along with the minds we could put together.’
‘I don’t feel cold,’ Steve admits, pulling him closer with the arm around his waist, ‘I didn’t feel the ice in my sleep.’ Then he surprises Tony by pulling him down for a kiss. ‘Thank you,’ he whispers against his lips as he pulls away a fraction.
‘I say nothing, Cap,’ comes his reply, ‘you’ll just have to wait and see. But yeah Monty taught me a couple of tricks; between him, Peggy and Jarvis I know my way around pretty much any gun. He was pretty serious from what I remember, looking back now I guess the war had been a bit heavier on him that the others; he only really joked around with Dum Dum, and he and Dad would sit up after the others had finished drinking whiskey and talking in low voices. Never really knew what they were talking about but I could guess from the look on Dad’s face.’
That’s when Bucky notices the red light surrounding it. He turns and sees Wanda behind him, a determined frown of concentration on her face and her hands outstretched. When the last of the machines inside the ice have been destroyed she unleashes her power and the disk explodes.
As an apology I give you two chapters this week! I hope you enjoy them, please do let me know what you think of them. I also promise to get up to date with responding to comments as well.
The white haired woman blinks in surprise. ‘Yes we are. You…you would allow my people to stay here when they wished?’
The document that cost him any future chance with Pepper. But that might just bring back the rest of the team.
‘My guess is it’s those two idiots wrestling again,’ she replies and as they round the last corner she eases back. ‘Yeah, why am I not surprised?’
‘Tony,’ Loki says in warning as four figures appear down the path he’d just gestured to. His daggers materialise in his hands and he slips into the familiar defensive position.
‘It has been a long time since I sought out war,’ Thor reassures her, ‘it usually finds me instead.’
Wanda notices the atmosphere in the room get tense and glances at Tony out of the corner of her eye. His shoulders are stiff but his facial expression hasn’t changed.
‘Hey ugly!’ Peter calls to get its attention, webbing its face so it can’t see as Steve goes running towards it, grabbing some chain that had come loose from some of the decorative fencing around the paths. ‘Hey Cap, remember watching Return of the Jedi?’
‘Anyway,’ Tony waves his hand in the air to move them on. ‘Barnes make yourself at home, you’ve got free run of the facility tonight and tomorrow. Hermione and I have an appointment with some soldiers tomorrow. We’ll begin working on your alter ego the day after.
‘Oh thank god,’ Tony breathes a sigh of relief. ‘Right, well I better go before they start crying and it all gets messy.’
‘Clint asked me to bring this out, apparently he’d promised refills but then remembered he had to go get something for Cooper,’ Bucky says, handing him a glass filled with what Loki suspects is Tony’s best whiskey that the archer always manages to get access to. No matter what steps the inventor takes.
Tony claps his hands, rubbing them together, a smile on his face. ‘Then we’ll give it another go tomorrow. Come on, let’s go grab some lunch; you’ve earned it you did well today kiddo.’
Clint chuckles. ‘Yeah I hear you. Sometimes it’s nice to just sit and enjoy the quiet at home when the kids have gone to bed. Listen, Loki, about what Nathaniel said at lunch-’
Surprisingly enough they manage to chop the tree down with very little trouble. Although Wade does lose a leg at one point due to him messing around, and he ends up standing on one leg to help chop down the rest of the tree. The sun is starting to set by the time they get the tree down, and luckily Wade’s leg has finished regenerating because the mercenary was not looking forwards to having to deal with Peter if he hadn’t fully recovered. Despite knowing the mercenary heals as well as he does, the teenager still doesn’t like seeing him get hurt and Wade’s inability to take getting himself injured seriously has caused more than one argument between the two. Thor can see why the teenager gets upset seeing his loved one hurt, but isn’t sure why he gets as upset as he does seeing as the man appears to be incapable of dying.
‘We discussed it before your arrival,’ Vision answers for Tony, ‘and we thought it was best if only official team members were present during the difficult time of recovery. Having a new member who no one you trusted had previously known would not have made for a conducive healing environment.’
‘The latter,’ she rolls her eyes, ‘I’m trying to get him on a creative binge but he’s having none of it.’
Do let me know what you think! Thank you so much for all the comments on this story so far and for all your support
‘Hey,’ Sam puts his hand on Quill’s shoulder, ‘you can’t control whether the others in your team enjoy it or not. The thing you should focus on is enjoying it yourself and creating some new memories, alright? We’ve all had a really difficult year, take some time to think about
‘Right, I completely understood that,’ Steve says, in a tone that suggests he still isn’t entirely sure what the two of them are on about, but still does as they suggest, wrapping the chain around the alien’s neck and planting his feet in the ground and pulling as hard as he can. ‘Guys it’s too strong,’ he gasps as he struggles to hold onto the chain as the alien struggles.
‘Good luck, Steve, our resident grumpy guts is in fine form,’ Sam says, getting up from the chair. ‘Anyone would think he doesn’t appreciate us caring about him.’
Steve nods. Pepper had popped her head around the door to say goodbye to everyone just as Wanda and Natasha had decided they were cooking dinner that evening. She’d arrived that afternoon instead of last night because she’d been caught up in a board meeting. The moment she’d arrived the billionaire had taken her down into the workshop where they’d been all afternoon. And apparently Tony still is.
Peter nods gratefully, letting the man take the cue from his hand and dragging Wanda out before the woman can protest.
‘First off,’ Tony says, lifting his faceplate, ‘you were told to get out of the situation right at the start, but you decided to put yourself back into the middle of it. Not only that you called in a mercenary. Into a fire fight in a
Natasha’s eyes go back to Tony, and she finds him staring straight back at her; she opens her mouth to say something, then stops at the barely perceptible shake of the head from the inventor. Then she notices his fingers. One hand is half covering the reactor, like he used to when he was feeling threatened out of the suit, but his index finger is tapping away.
‘I think that if anyone can do it, Sergeant Barnes can,’ Tony replies. ‘He’s continuing working with the team as we speak.’
‘Bucky?’ she kneels down at the bars and reaches through the bars, just able to brush her finger tips against his hand. ‘Bucky?’
‘It has been a long time since I sought out war,’ Thor reassures her, ‘it usually finds me instead.’
‘Steve, get the hell out of there!’ Tony’s worried voice breaks through the fog in his brain. Fortunately for him otherwise he’d have had the full force of a vibranium fist to his nose. On the defensive in a way he hasn’t been for a long time, all Steve can do is duck and weave and dodge; he’s lost track of Natasha and Clint, and all he can think about is the last thing his friend had asked him.
Clint sighs but doesn’t argue. He also doesn’t fall asleep, but Tony doesn’t comment. Not like any of the rest of the team are either, even though no one is talking much.
Do let me know what you think in the comments. Thank you so much to everyone who has left comments and kudos, I really do appreciate your feedback. I know there's a couple I still need to respond to so keep an eye out for those replies soon.
‘I mean…it’s just like a bucking bronco right? Maybe I can steer it?’ the youngster responds. ‘Woah! Hey this thing is really crazy!’
As for Tony he’s standing with his arms crossed over his chest, the expression on his face slowly melting from pissed-off to concerned. ‘Pete-’
'I was just trying to make her feel better,' Bucky whines, wincing as she applies antiseptic to his cut.
Peter knows the exact moment May realises the truth. ‘It was just after I got my powers,’ he knows he has to tell her anyway. ‘I wasn’t at Decathlon, I was trying out my new abilities. I heard the mugging happening and just… I had to do something. So I jumped down without looking at what was happening.’
‘Steve!’ Peter shouts, then looks down, realising he’s still got hold of the other end of the chain. ‘Uh oh.’
‘Thank you,’ he smiles, eyes still watery with unshed tears. He looks between the two of them. ‘Thank you so much.’
‘God this is so embarrassing,’ he whines, settling down in the man’s arm. ‘They’re worse than May! It’s like having far too many parents in the same room.’
‘Tony invited us up for Boxing Day,’ Laura explains with a smile as the red headed woman goes to greet the newcomers. ‘I’ll be taking the kids on to my parents tomorrow or the day after, but Clint’ll be staying for New Year.’
‘But the most important person was Bucky,’ Steve continues. ‘Without him I’d have been beaten to a pulp long before I even met Erskine. Plus if he hadn’t of been taken by Hydra I’m not sure I would have gone to save all of those soldiers.’
Fury smiles. ‘Only testing you, Romanov, no need to get defensive. I’m glad to see that’s your default when it comes to the team now though.’
‘That’s better,’ he gives the teen a smile. ‘And secondly? The only person who thinks you have anything to prove to Tony is you. Everyone else can see he thinks the world of you, Peter; and just because he may snap at you when he’s caught up in a situation like that, or because the two of you might have a disagreement about something, or maybe because you get a detention,’ he shoots him a grin at the last one and Peter blushes bright red, ‘isn’t going to change that. He’ll be more upset if you just go along with something because you think it’s what he wants. The important thing about any relationship, whether it’s with a friend, family member, mentor or partner, isn’t that you never disagree, it’s what you do afterwards. Just look at the Avengers. You were there when we all had the mother of all disagreements, but we’re back together now aren’t we?’
‘If he’s so busy why does he have time to warn you about mentioning food fights around Thor?’ Peter asks.
‘Stark, move out of the way,’ the Secretary orders. ‘We are here to arrest Steven Rogers on charges of treason. The rest of your little
‘I’m still not happy,’ Bucky grumbles for what must be the tenth time since Tony had told everyone Deadpool was heading up.
His all time favourite training session though, was when Steve decided he needed to work on using his spidey senses.
‘I’ll finish with this skate then meet you out there,’ he replies, waving the two dark haired men on. He figures Tony needs a bit of time to get Bucky comfortable before dealing with another person who has a fear of ice.
Peter does as the man says. ‘Peter shall I activate the stun ability of the drone?’ Karen asks. There’s no way for him to say yes without alerting the man, so he tries an affirmative noise.
‘The team of lawyers can update me and I can always use the suit to get back quickly if I need to,’ he cuts off whatever Steve was going to say. ‘Pete, Wade and Happy have just dealt with whatever the hell that was,’ he waves his hand towards the top of the screen where the news coverage is still showing on mute in a small window, ‘we’ve just had Hammer’s team reveal relationships within the team, and you’re about to reveal Ross’ involvement in HYDRA. We
‘You and Barton,’ Loki elaborates. ‘I did envy you both that friendship when I first arrived you know? It was everything I had once had with my brother and then thought I’d lost. Perhaps that’s why I lashed out so much when you held me captive. I am sorry,’ he turns to look at her, ‘for what I said and did to you.’
‘Now that’s settled,’ Tony claps his hands together and stands up, grimacing and swaying slightly as he feels lightheaded. ‘Damn.’
‘And more besides. You were right when you told her in the Raft that her ledger is gushing blood, and she did it to try and prove to them that she was loyal.’
‘Rhodey is staying,’ Tony cuts him off, ‘so is Bruce; I’ve got Happy here as well, and Pepper. Are you saying you don’t think Pepper can deal with people? Come on, kid, she scares
‘So there was this competition on for the tallest tree for sale,’ he explains, ‘that said if you could lift it you got it for free. So-’
‘I swear to God, Hammer, I’m going to rip you five new ones if you don’t get to the point,’ Tony growls at him, turning back to face the hologram.
‘Cinderella is supposed to be a servant girl, and there’s supposed to be ugly stepsisters and an evil stepmother,’ she says.
Bucky fixes Tony with his eyes and the inventor can’t quite place the emotion behind them. ‘How long do we have left, Tony?’
She turns to him with an eyebrow raised. ‘Are you actually going to stand back and let me handle the technology?’
‘Yeah and those of us that don’t have special powers need all the advantages we can get,’ Sam retaliates.
Tony has to admit, as he works getting the different screens set up with Hope, that the house is starting to feel more like a home than it ever has before.
A/N: Hi everyone! First of all thank you to everyone who is still reading this story, to everyone who has left kudos, and for everyone who has left reviews. I'm so sorry I haven't responded to any recently, I will get around to it I promise, it's just been very hectic the past couple of weeks.
‘On it, Cap,’ the dark skinned man said, shutting his helmet and jumping out the back of the jet. He watches him fly past and out towards the burning spots.
‘I swear Tony you say make one joke and I’ll give you another black eye,’ he growls as the inventor takes a seat next to him. He sighs as Tony makes a zipping motion over his lips and grins. ‘We’re not going to be able to manage it.’
‘A sensible suggestion,’ Loki says from his seat, ‘I for one am ready to sleep for a full day; but I suspect I shall not be allowed to.’
Tony nods, and links his fingers, resting his elbows on his knees and pressing his mouth to his hands. It’s been four days since Steve would have received the document. The document that has taken over Tony’s life for the past six months.
‘So Steve is my next babysitter? Poor you, Rogers,’ he snarks as the Captain walks into his hospital room.
‘Shit is so going to go south, Deadpool,’ he says, pulling the mask back on. ‘But hey you’ve been in worse shit storms.’ He goes to his room, making sure to take out the DVD from the television as he passes it.
‘Long story, Brucie. We’ll fill you in over dinner. But in summary,’ he sighs and unbuttons his shirt to show the arc reactor in his chest, ‘some bastard put this back.’
‘I wasn’t, I was doing a press conference for Stark Industries; I may not be CEO any more but I still own the company and design the majority of the stuff. The problem is every time I’m in a press conference for SI they always ask about the Avengers. Hence why Ross pulls me in to drag me over hot coals every time I have one.’
‘Let’s just run with this theory for a second,’ Tony says, ‘which would mean, arguably, the point where this reality split from yours was in your confrontation with Francis. You did something different in your world than your counterpart did here. And that’s what caused the split?’
Tony laughs, suddenly extremely grateful to his friend for insisting they actually have this meeting face-to-face and at the facility. As Pepper had said it was far too long since they’d had a proper chat. Sharing some of the antics that had been going on at the facility was helping ease some of the tension in his shoulders.
Glancing to his left Steve can’t help but smile. Peter is out for the count, curled up against Tony’s side, the genius has one arm around him, hand reaching up to trace absent-mindedly through the boy’s unruly hair. The inventor looks up and rolls his eyes. ‘Not a word, Rogers.’
It seems no one had been surprised. Well except for Clint and Scott, but that was because they hadn’t been at the facility much. Not even Peter was shocked, which had surprised Tony more than anything else.
‘Uh, yeah no sorry I got syrup to watch,’ Peter points to the pan on the stove in front of him. ‘And I gave up trying to control his crazy side a
‘Pete,’ Wade quietens his latest protest with a kiss, ‘everything else in my life I have screwed up in the extreme. I want you to be the only thing I haven’t.’
‘It is indeed, and I must admit I am enjoying making my way through it all. It might be more fun with a study companion though, if you’d ever care to join me? Something tells me you would enjoy making your way through the books as much as I do.’
‘Not happening, Pool,’ he says, crossing his arms; his mask is still in his hand so the mercenary can see how serious he is. They stare at each other in a stand-off for a couple of moments.
‘I need you to send out a standby for Code Ripley to everyone. Then ask Happy to go pick up Peter from school and take him up to the facility. Got that?’
Steve will never be able to explain what happened. He knows two things: they all started attacking Thanos with their new allies, and then Thanos disappeared and it felt like the ground he was walking on turned to jelly. By the time they all recover and he’s shaking his head to clear it of whatever trick Thanos pulled on them there’s screaming coming through the comms and now he knows something else: Thanos has found Vision.
‘Oh really?’ Steve’s tone is sarcastic. ‘Yeah because we all know how happy Ross is to admit when he’s wrong. I needed you to help me protect my childhood best friend, and you wouldn’t listen. Just like now!’
‘Could really use the other guys turning up right about now,’ Tony sighs as he takes off with Wanda towards the lab.
Natasha studies him for a moment and then nods. ‘Alright. So these are all places of high activity?’
‘I’m Karen by the way,’ she says, ‘Karen Paige. I work for Nelson and Murdoch. The law firm in Hell’s Kitchen?’
‘Well if he is it’s only because he’s got like eighty years experience on you,’ Rhodes interjects. ‘And you do have to be kind to old people.’
‘What about what the Secretary General has said about getting people to register? Do you think that’s going to have an impact on whether Stark acknowledges the boy?’
‘Just go easy on him, Pete,’ Tony says, clapping a hand on the boy’s shoulder. ‘One question at a time and give him chance to answer. Don’t worry Scott, he’s a good kid. One of the best.’
‘You say that like I have a cattle prod I can just poke it with or something. It’s not like I have a taser like Nat- oh wait! Taser webs!’
For a minute he thinks the genius is going to argue with him, but then Tony gives a small laugh and nods. ‘Yeah. He’s a good kid and he seems to be creating these terrible parenting habits in me.’
‘It’s a distinct possibility,’ the humanoid reassures her, ‘but may require some work and for now it’s better if it stays where it is so I am better able to study it. I’m hoping we can find another solution, but I do wonder if destroying it might be the best answer.’
‘You two should become friends,’ she points between the two rulers, ‘you’ve both got exactly the same problems.’
‘There was a lot of recent and well as old scarring surrounding that particular memory,’ Vision explains. ‘Perhaps that will have sped up the process for when we try and neutralise the connections for the words themselves.’
‘You’re such a party killer,’ Tony mock-glares at his friend. ‘Fine! Let’s go get in the car. Make sure you’ve got all your stuff, kiddies.’
So this chapter was a little tricky. I’m not sure I’ve got Deadpool’s voice right yet, but I’ll keep trying. Do let me know what you think of the chapter or if there is anything you’d like to see or are looking forwards to seeing. Any suggestions for help with Deadpool’s voice would also be greatly appreciated.
‘Oh yeah,’ he laughs. ‘He didn’t come around as much as the others did, but he was definitely the one who taught me to play. Taught me to shoot too, with Peggy.’
Tony can’t stop the big grin on his face. ‘It is indeed, Mama.’ He gives Steve a wink before turning and heading down to meet Peter and his aunt.
‘Go put your stuff in your room, Underoos. Come join me in the lab, we’ll have a tinker before dinner.’
‘Orange juice?’ Loki offers, and if he’s being friendly to the mercenary just to irritate Bucky then no one needs to know.
‘I didn’t want you to go looking for them,’ Wade admits, cutting him off. ‘I didn’t want them getting their hands on you and doing to you what they did to me. I couldn’t-
Peter half agrees and half wants to argue. ‘I’ve just got caught up in so much I’ve forgotten all the things I used to do to get around it,’ he settles on saying. ‘I should have thought and taken something down into the labs when I was working, but I didn’t.’
‘I mean,’ Betty shoots him an apologetic look, ‘it is actually quite funny now that I know, well you know…’
There’s a grin on Loki’s lips as they near the end of the steps and the change of partners. ‘I’m staying, Winter Warrior. As long as I am welcome.’
‘Alex Williams,’ she responds so quickly Steve wonders if she’s memorised the names and faces of every person on the guest list. ‘His company is into pharmaceuticals but is making progress to bring the costs of manufacturing down so more can be sent out to less developed countries. They donate a lot of medical supplies to relief organisations, hence his invitation.’
‘Of course,’ Thor’s all smiles as he gets everyone back to their starting positions. ‘So first we bow, and then we step backwards-’
‘Why won’t he look at you?’ Rhodes asks. Steve nods, part of him dreading to hear the answer. Rhodes sighs and puts his glass down on a side table. ‘Steve if Tony knew I was going to tell you half of the stuff I’m about to he’d do more than make my suit do the Macarena. So I’d appreciate it if you don’t pass on any of what I’m about to say.’
‘Yeah but if you wanted to do that we’d be down in my workshop with mugs of coffee,’ he points out, standing up and raising an eyebrow. ‘You only
‘Alright shut up,’ Natasha says, standing up from where she’s been monitoring the information their bugs have been sending back to them in the jet. ‘We’re ready to move.’
‘Ugh, finally!’ Tony grunts as they reach the agreed meeting point. The space is a little smaller than the one they were left in when Loki was studying the runes, but it’s big enough to be a noticeable space. ‘Okay so once the other two get here we should be able to take that tunnel,’ he points to the one opposite them, ‘and make our way back to the main area.’
‘Tony I’m happy for you two,’ he says, taking hold of both of his hands, ‘I really am. You had me worried when you went missing, sugar, and I’m not sure my head could take it if anything happened to you. Seeing you happy, seeing you getting back to normal, even if it is because of Steve rather than me, is honestly the best thing that could happen as far as I’m concerned.’
‘It’s my fault he was taken,’ Peter lets the tears fall now. ‘And we had an argument before he was taken and I said some things I really wish I didn’t. Besides what kind of superhero would I be if I didn’t do something to help one of the most important people in my life? Even if all I can do is eliminate some areas of New York from where we need to search I’ll feel like I’ve done
The soldier blushes and clears his throat. ‘There, uh, there may have been a situation last time where someone pissed me off and I may have won a giant tree.’
‘Seven?’ Tony frowns. ‘Forgive me, Captain Rumlow, but I count nine members of your squad, including you.’
‘That was today? You’ve got to tell me about it, I still haven’t had a proper look around that place yet.’
‘I’ll get started opening these then shall I?’ she says to the empty room, putting her coffee down on the table and reaching for a small box and unwrapping the paper. Inside she finds a small papier-mache Hulk, painted a bright green with a large roar on his face. She smiles and takes out the note that accompanies it, written in a young child’s scrawl.
It’s sets of monkey bars over, what has been affectionately nicknamed, the ‘mud lake’ with random platforms at different heights around. The aim is to get from one platform to another without taking a dunk in the mud, but the platforms tilted whenever weight was added, so the trick was to distribute the weight of the team on the platform. Peter was yet to be dunked, even when he was allowed to use his webs, and was the only one to tackle it so far who had not been dunked. Natasha had ended up in the mud after Bucky had pulled her in when she let him fall off the platform.
‘I know,’ he swallows and moves to the corridor which will take him to the room Tony is using. Every step his heart pounds a little faster, and he finds it a little harder to breathe. When he finally reaches Tony's door his hands are shaking as he knocks. ‘Tony?’ he calls when there’s no answer.
been arguing about fighting each other,’ he ticks off one finger. ‘The only member of the Avengers we
‘I just…’ Bucky pauses, then starts again. ‘He did so much for me when I first got here, Steve. He gave me time to settle in, gave me everything I needed to get better, hell he watched my memories of me murdering his parents and then proceeded to tell me he didn’t blame me for their deaths. And it’s not just me he’s been doing stuff for, Steve, it’s all the team. Rhodey can
looking at a shell with my name on it, waiting for me to kill them. Honestly? Don’t know how she can stand to be in the same building as me, let alone look at me. I think, I hope, she decided that, although I am to blame for making and selling the weapons, I’m not to blame for the people firing them.’
‘Shit and I thought my life was fucked up,’ Deadpool says when Peter’s finished his verbal diarrhoea.
Wade waves him off. ‘I was hungry and these burgers look awesome,’ he picks up one of Bucky’s spare burgers. The two super-soldiers always buy at least two burgers every time they go out for food to keep up with their serum enhanced metabolisms.
As soon as the suit has melted back into the emblem Peter finds himself crushed up against a solid body. ‘Wade I’m
She smiles at him in understanding and pats his knee. ‘Being home in itself solves a lot of problems, doesn’t it?’
Nebula opens her mouth to speak again, but closes it with a frown and Valkyrie hears the commotion that has drawn her attention. ‘I think we may be about to find out why,’ she sighs and the two women start to run towards the noise.
‘Boss, Sergeant Barnes is currently sitting in the kitchenette with a bottle of whiskey and a gun on the side in front of him,’ FRIDAY’s voice interrupts Tony’s train of thought just as he’s reaching a ‘eureka’ moment with an improvement to his flight navigation system.
‘And you say the process is going to include him working through various points in his history and resolve some of that trauma before you can be certain the effects have been reversed?’ the first council member asks.
‘He’s putting up traps. I think it’s better to leave him to it,’ Bruce chuckles. ‘It’s almost as bad as having a furry uncontrollable-stage Tony.’
‘So go put some pants on and come help then! Or go help clean the kitchen or start going through the stuff FRIDAY collated on Zemo,’ Tony counters as he gets back to his mission. ‘God, I hate this house, and it’s taking revenge on me.’
‘But Natasha taught me we should use every advantage we have during a fight,’ he argues, ‘I was just doing as I was taught.’
‘Deal. You don’t tell him by midnight tomorrow, we get to,’ Clint grins and hands him a beer. ‘You know for a big bad assassin you are a royal wuss.’
‘But my friends the hunt is one of the most important traditions of Yule!’ Thor protests when Tony and Steve leave him in no uncertain terms that he was not going to be allowed to go out and hunt down everything he wanted for the Yule feast.
‘I couldn’t get rid of it,’ Tony admits, pulling something out from the centre and letting the shirt fall to the floor. ‘And I wanted it with me just in case we ever saw each other again and…well…’
Natasha’s eyebrows disappear into her hairline, and May looks furious. ‘Peter Parker what have you been doing?’ his aunt demands.
Peter isn’t sure how to properly thank his mentor, then he catches Bucky’s eye and knows exactly how to do it. He throws his arms around the inventor. ‘Thanks Tony,’ he says, then lets Ned drag him away to properly study the gauntlet.
‘While I’d prefer to have a handle on everything,’ Nick admits, ‘I appreciate the extra level of security this adds. Each member of the leadership team would oversee a different area of the organisation, obviously information will be shared as necessary-’
‘You literally signed the permission slip three days ago,’ Peter replies, and Tony swears he can hear an eyeroll in the teen’s response.
‘No one’s entered who shouldn’t have done,’ Wade says as he flops into a chair next to Clint, everyone turns to stare at him. ‘What?’
‘Did you believe your friends were going to murder me in my sleep? If so it’s a wonder you suggested we come here in the first place,’ Loki rolls his eyes, sitting up.
‘You’re impossible,’ Steve chuckles, pressing a kiss to Tony’s mouth and then standing up. ‘Make your call, honey, I’ll have your coffee waiting for you when you come up.’
There’s so much talking Steve isn’t sure who is saying what. He helps Tony to his feet, both of them are shaking, both of them have tears of exhaustion drying on their faces. ‘Steve we have to-’
There’s no actual question in anything she says, but Peter knows there’s one anyway. He looks at his hands resting in his lap and sighs. ‘Deadpool turned up.’
He shakes his head. ‘Only a day or so before you got Tony back,’ and he tells her about their first date, blushing bright red when he tells her they kissed and she squeals.
‘You’re still as fucking mental as you always were,’ he grunts as my bullet grazes his shoulder. Really should work on my aim.
‘Once upon a time there was a blond soldier and their friend, who had been hurt very badly in a war so had come home to get better, but there was an evil man who decided he didn’t want the soldier’s fried to get better so he certain that the magical arm that had been sent to him would make him worse. The soldier was getting very worried about his friend so he went to a ball where lots of very smart people were going, hoping to find someone to help him. While he was there he met a handsome Prince Charming who-’
She shakes her head, putting her spoon back in the now half-empty tub. ‘Thanks for this, Pete,’ she says quietly. ‘I haven’t really had anyone to do this with since Piotr…’
‘The stuff that’s covering every other surface you mean? You’re just lucky it’s not all over the floor so I could get in here,’ Bruce chuckles as he picks his way through the clear parts of the floor to reach the teenager’s backpack. ‘So I have to ask: if you were experimenting with the webs why didn’t you think to add the anti-web fluid to one of your shooters in case this happened?’
. But if I think you’ve taken him before his time I will find a way to destroy you and bring him back. Don’t you
He sighs, knowing this is going to end so badly, takes a longer run up than Steve (which is more like a jog compared to his normal speed), and uses his sticking ability to slow down his ‘run’ up the side of the wall so he only just reaches half-way; causing Steve to nearly lose his balance as he dives down to catch his out stretched hand.
‘-and two,’ Wade’s voice becomes soft and he pulls Peter in for a brief kiss, ‘I know you, Baby Boy; and I don’t need your super-sister’s freaky mind powers to know what you’re thinking at least some of the time.’
‘T’Challa won’t do anything because he’s too scared I’ll sabotage his suit!’ she calls back as she finally releases Peter’s arm once they reach a work station. ‘Ok, so-’
‘Peter,’ a voice stops him as he turns to leave. A voice he knows he shouldn’t listen to, but he can’t help it. He just wishes Tony had kept his reactors somewhere else.
‘Spiderman is better off where he is, protecting the people of New York,’ Tony tries to keep his voice even, he really does. ‘And as for Strange, he prefers sitting in his own private Hogwarts having nothing to do with us. Something to do with his own ‘duty’ to perform. And
we?’ Sam asks, looking out the window. The rest of the team have gathered behind the pilot seats, peering out curiously at the looming structure in front of them. Tony feels so tense he’s waiting for every tendon in his body to snap.
A/N: Hey everyone! I'm back to (fairly!) normal schedule, and with the sequel series to 'Another Chance'; I hope you enjoy the start of the first instalment, I wanted to start off with some of the characters who hadn't had as much page time in the previous series.
he hears his Uncle Ben’s voice from years ago as they walked along the street, avoiding the big supermarkets and heading to the smaller, independent shops.
May smiles a little and gives a huff of laughter. ‘You’ve never had to care for children before have you, Mr Stark?’ He shakes his head. ‘You can do everything possible to try and keep them safe but they’ll always find a way to get into trouble. Sometimes because they go looking for it, sometimes because it finds them. If you want to continue being a presence in Peter’s life you better be prepared to be as scared as you’ve been today a lot more often.’
‘No,’ Strange replies, landing next to them. ‘No, he had to get the Space Stone, but we needed you to get this group here first.’
‘Pretty impossible seeing as I never saw you when I was there,’ Bucky retorts. ‘What’s going on, Rumlow?’
squad?’ Sam asks, going to stand next to Andrew and read over his shoulder. ‘I mean I can understand the captain of a squad, but
‘Nat you can’t believe the books he has here,’ Peter grins, sitting up straighter and showing her the one he’s currently working through, ‘like not just stuff on old legends like Loki would be able to tell you about. He’s got stuff on different dimensions, and on all these different beings and stuff, and then there’s the stuff on different
‘There’s a reason that Steve, Nat and Wanda are the ones to go with Tony, kid,’ Rhodes had explained to him. ‘This shouldn’t be too dangerous, and Ross only wants a small group to go, so Tony’s taken two of the Avengers who were most prolific on the opposite side of the Accords situation to show the Council and the public that we’re all able to work as a team again. Wanda’s gone because they need her fire power, and so she can show everyone the control she has on her powers again. If he’d taken me or Vision with him there would still be murmurs that he doesn’t trust the others properly, that’s why we’re there. It’d be even worse if he took in an unofficial member of the Avengers in as well. Tony’s having to use every opportunity to make a PR statement without being too obvious about it.’
And so Tony, Bruce and Sam between them explain about Christmas, including some of the different traditions that some families have that are different to others.
‘I thought it was his Peter-tingle,’ Bucky sniggers, making Peter groan. Why Aunt May had to say that where he could hear he still hasn’t worked out. Nor has he fully forgiven her yet.
‘That would all be included in those parts of the Accords relevant to you I mentioned earlier,’ Nick reassures him. ‘Should you need help you will be able to contact the team and we can arrange for a part, or even the whole, of the Avengers to be with you to help. Any of the other resources at our disposal would also be available to you.’
‘I agree, I am starting to see that changing some of the traditions is indeed making this more enjoyable than continuing to do what we have done for centuries.’
‘For example,’ T’Challa interjects, ‘we would have the name “Black Panther” on the roster, however it would not necessarily be myself that would be involved but anyone from Wakanda who we nominate as being most useful to the situation. Shuri may be the one if it is technological or scientific in nature; Nakia could be nominated in matters of espionage; myself or the General in terms of fighting ability. It would not necessarily always be me.’
Bucky doesn’t respond, just glares at the smirking god in front of him and closes his eyes, remembering the meditation exercises he’d started practising once the programming had begun to wear off. He feels fingers on either side of his temples and tries to stay calm.
Loki allows himself a small. ‘We called him Fenris. Never realised how close a name to Hela’s wolf it was until after we faced her.’
Loki chuckles and leans against the space on the wall that Clint has just vacated. ‘I’m glad that part is over. It always seems to put a damper on the celebrations before they’ve even begun.’
‘Are you telling me they hit on you?’ she demands, pausing as they reach the bottom of the stairs with her hands on her hips and a hard look on her face.
‘I don’t know,’ comes the reply, accompanied by a sigh big enough to lift half of Tony’s torso from the bed. ‘I wish I did. The one thing I will say about Wade is we know he’ll protect Peter, and he’s proven he’ll help us because he knows it’s what Peter would want. If nothing else we can trust that. Though I’m not sure how I feel about their relationship.’
A/N: So Deadpool has now been accepted into the team for Christmas. I hope you enjoyed the first bit of Spideypool action everyone :)
time ago. Honestly? When it gets too bad I just tend to block it out and think of projects I’ve got going on.’
At that moment Tony walks into the dining room, looks between the door to the kitchen where Natasha’s still laughing away, to Steve’s expression which is caught somewhere between trying to look stern and trying not to laugh, and Peter’s wide eyed innocent expression at the Captain’s question. ‘Peter I hope you’re not doing this in some form of revenge for him winding you up earlier.’
‘Get hold of Clint and Scott and get them ready to go. See if you can get hold of Wade as well, he needs to come off the mission ASAP; maybe the other two can pick him up on the way,’ Steve says. ‘You heard from Fury yet?’
‘Oh no,’ Sam says. ‘No way not with you and him on the team,’ he gestures to Bucky. ‘We’ll all be flat as pancakes within two minutes.’
Peter sits on the edge of a building, kicking his heels against the brickwork and looking out over Queens. ‘Pretty slow evening today,’ he comments to Karen. ‘Anything showing up on the police scanners?’
‘Get everyone out, we want to be leaving in twenty minutes max,’ he responds, spinning on his heel and following the other two up the tunnel and out into the night air. Tony shivers in his arms and he pulls him closer, opening up to full running speed when he sights the Quinjet.
Ned casts a look around the room to make sure no one is close enough to hear and then lowers his voice and asks. ‘Patrols been quiet?’ Peter just nods in reply as they head down the corridor towards the lockers. ‘You going over to the facility this weekend?’
‘You stay with Karen, Foggy,’ the man named Matt says, ‘I think we’ve abandoned her enough tonight. Peter, was it? Peter can take me. I’m sure he’s not going to lead me off a cliff or anything.’
‘Cut the crap,’ she says, and Wade’s mouth shuts with an audible snap. ‘Tells us everything you suspect Wade or I’m turning this jet around and cancelling the mission.’
‘Alright everyone,’ Steve says again, ‘Wanda’s team will have the flag inside the facility; Strange’s team has the flag at the obstacle course. The first team to collect their opponent’s flag and return it to their base is the winner. If you are pinned for five seconds you have to return to the common area, where Laura and the kids are watching, and stay there for two minutes until you can rejoin your team by heading back to your base. FRIDAY will keep track and will notify everyone if you are cheating. The game begins five minutes after everyone arrives at their base. Any questions?’
Tony calls over to them with a question from where he is sitting with Strange and Bruce, and Loki goes over to join their conversation. As they talk he notices Thor heading towards his bedroom, the figurine in his hand, and hopes that this time things can continue to be better between them.
Tony just laughs, then reaches to his bed side drawer and pulls out a small wrapped box. ‘Merry Christmas, babe,’ he says, giving the blond another kiss as he hands over his present. ‘I wanted to give this to you when it was just us.’
Tony sits up so fast he’s surprised he doesn’t give himself whiplash. ‘How did you find those? Wait, no, I mean-’
‘I…look normally, if this were something in New York or somewhere I’d ask Pete to come with me and have my back but…I can’t ask him to come on this.’
‘It’s my personal security team I need to replace,’ Tony answers, Miss Potts is standing to the side having placed the paperwork on the table, and is watching everything like a hawk. Steve is struck by how protective she seems of Tony.
‘Since now. You want me to just cover you in bright neon fucking paint while we’re at it? Get out of here and there’s no one for them to look for.’
Loki looks up at Thor as the blond sits next to him. ‘They are taking Bucky for another session, I need to prepare to bring him through to protect his mind, Thor. Can we have this conversation another time?’
‘I guess… since we hadn’t got round to it when he was alive, I didn’t see the point once he was gone. It just seemed pointless giving you that knowledge when it wasn’t going to change anything.’ When he’s quiet for a moment, May speaks again. ‘Hey. Peter? It wasn’t your fault, alright? You were doing something that would have made him so proud of you, you still are. God knows I’d rather you just stayed in building Lego with Ned, but you spent too much time with Ben to do that when you’ve got these abilities. There is nothing you could have done to save him, Peter. I’m just glad he had you there so he wasn’t alone.’
‘No cheating now, Barnes,’ Rhodes jokes, ‘I know you’re going to need all the help you can get but FRIDAY will know if you do.’
‘No, Bruce, what part of today has been alright? The questioning from Hammer’s asshole lawyer implying I’ve cheated on Steve with Bucky? The fact our relationship has now been revealed to the public through the bastard’s trial? That we haven’t heard from Happy or Wade
‘You. Well finding you,’ he replies. ‘I think Monty gave up before Dad did. Or else he gave up actively looking anyway.’
‘He’s already forgiven you Steve, otherwise he wouldn’t have asked you to come back,’ she says, placing a comforting hand on his shoulder.
‘We’re nearly at the back, Tony,’ Rhodes says through the comms. ‘Vision’s going to try phasing through some of the walls to get a good look. Wanda’s found a side door and is coming round, she should be with you in a few minutes as long as she doesn’t run into any trouble.’
He decides against using his webs this time. If he’s going to beat Natasha he wants to do it on as equal a footing as possible.
‘Don’t try and talk to me like you’re my dad!’ Peter shouts back, not even sure why he’s angry anymore. ‘You’re not my dad and you’re nothing like Uncle Ben so you don’t get to tell me what to do!’
‘He’s on his way,’ the king responds, ‘he tells me he shall meet us downstairs in time for dinner. Shuri should be arriving at the same time.’
‘I just… I didn’t want it to be a nameless, shapeless fear. It made it scarier like that. This way I can move on and file it away like any other enemy.’
‘Honestly, Tony. From being the guy who said he’d never have kids, you’ve sure decided to adopt a few without their consent. You’ve already got Wanda and Peter, any more you want to pull out the woodwork on us? Maybe we should be getting Clint to name you godfather to their next kid,’ Rhodes teases.
Deadpool looks between the two of them, then back at Nick, and finally at Tony; Tony gives him a small nod and the man sighs. ‘Alright, but don’t say I didn’t warn you.’ He pulls the mask off and Tony has to admit he has never seen anything quite so disturbing before in his life. The scars are horrifying, but mainly from the fact that there are so many and they appear to be irritated from the mask rather than because they look disgusting; Wade turns uncertain brown eyes towards him and he tries to cover his shock.
‘Oh my gosh, you’re Tony Stark, right?’ an overly excitable voice pierces his thoughts. ‘Can I, like, get your autograph? Please?’
we’ve averted the universe ending crisis?’ Steve suggests with a laugh, walking over to the bed and discarding his shirt along the way.
Peter reasons as he eases his window open and crawls in; dropping down in the centre of the room he allows himself a rebellious thought.
‘I thought you guys were supposed to be moving to live somewhere else right?’ Ned asks as they collect their books.
Steve shrugs. ‘Just didn’t feel right. I guess none of them was the right partner. Not until Peggy, and then I hit the ice before we could go for a dance.’
‘I hate to interrupt,’ Fury says, ‘but there is a reason we invited you all to this meeting,’ he looks not just at Ororo, but at Carol and the group calling themselves the Guardians of the Galaxy. ‘You’ve helped us to defeat Thanos, but in doing so you may have also opened yourself up to getting noticed by other forces here on Earth you might wish you hadn’t.’
‘It’s not like it’s difficult to get him talking about stuff to do with Steve, especially from pre-serum,’ Tony points out, an answering grin to the others’ now on his face. ‘How’s the rest of your homework coming on, Pete?’ He shoots Steve a frown at the grin on the blond’s face at that question; the soldier raises his hands in surrender and stands up, picking up his discarded hand towel.
‘I don’t know about that, Tony,’ Mama cackles. ‘If I tried to pull as many all nighters as you do then I’d be dead by now.’
‘Considering you’re nearly sixty years older than me I don’t think you can talk about age gaps, honey.’
bad,’ Bruce huffs, ‘but it might take me a couple of laps to find my balance again. I haven’t really been on ice since Hulk, I was always too worried I’d, you know, break it.’
Tony sighs. ‘No idea. I guess…maybe he’s right and Venom kept some of him like Pete kept some of Venom. Maybe when they joined again he saw enough to know he could trust him. I don’t like it-’
‘As the bond is still so fresh they cannot be too far apart. As their minds stabilise they will be able to move greater distances until they could be entire worlds away with no adverse effects. For the first twenty four hours at least, they will not be able to be more than a few feet away from each other.’
Peter shoots him a frown. ‘You have no idea how much Sergeant Barnes enjoys winding me up. This is going to be
‘Is that even going to fit anywhere in the facility?’ Rhodes asks as they walk up. ‘Now I see why it wouldn’t fit in the truck.’
Bucky muses to himself. The commotion outside is getting closer and closer which means the words are getting clearer; someone is obviously not happy, but Bucky doesn’t recognise that voice, he’s not shouting, whoever it is, but from his tone he’s making enough of an impact. The other voice is one he does recognise: it’s the doctor in charge of his care and the man is shouting like Bucky is more used to him doing to his underlings. Needless to say Bucky doesn’t think much of him.
‘What’s going on?’ Sam asks, once they’re all in the room. ‘Why are we not waiting for Luke, Caesar and Paul to get back?’
‘Well as much as I appreciate hearing how wonderful I am, I’m not getting any younger here, Steve,’ Tony teases, trying to ignore the tears on his cheeks.
teach you when we get back,’ he smiles. Then the black suited guards, with HYDRA’s sigil on their shoulders, appear at the door to his cage.
‘That there’s more than one reason for me coming and watching you guys train,’ Tony responds, returning the quick kiss Steve presses to his mouth.
‘Steve?’ he hears Bucky call as the rumbling stops and the powdery ice settles around them. Its pitch black.
Loki’s expression is tight. ‘None yet. I imagine that means he has not regained consciousness. I have not heard of anything being able to block a mental connection before. What of you?’ he asks Strange and Wong. Strange shakes his head.
‘Hey, yeah no worries Karen,’ Bucky is laying in bed, but he’s looking a lot more alert than he has in so long that Steve feels like crying.
‘Mr Stark basically wants to start a PR war with the Secretary General so we’re brain storming ideas on what the team can do,’ Peter beats them all to it, taking advantage of Bucky’s distraction at Pepper’s entrance to steal his bag of crisps.
‘Yes it does. What you really wanted to ask me is why I trust him enough to agree to the mission going ahead when he’s obviously hiding something.’
‘Go,’ Natasha tells her, ‘I can hold anyone off while you get Wanda back here. You called for help?’
‘You got it!’ she shouts back, a smirk on her face, confident in her team’s victory. Probably because Sam had taken that moment to swoop down and pick the ball up in his hands and fly towards their goal.
Then when he’d joined the Avengers it was the perfect place to bond with each of his team mates. Some, admittedly, faster than others; he hadn’t been much of a fan of Tony’s sharp tongue at first. He’s still not at times, though generally only when the inventor is trying to upset the wrong people.
'Yeah,' Steve admits, 'but Tony would always change it anyway.' His voice catches a little on the inventor's name.
‘Until your minds have stabilised,’ Strange adds, ‘we won’t be able to break the connection without risking permanent mental damage.’
‘Do you promise me to take me to bed afterwards? Because I may just stay down here on purpose if that’s the case.’
As Tony passes Peter on his way back up he ruffles the teenager’s hair. ‘Hey kid? I think he’s learned his lesson. How about you get him out of the webs before he starts ripping down the wall?’
Tony smirks at her. ‘Iron Man was a theory once, Hermione. What about we give the theory a shot?’ Wanda laughs and nods, feeling tired but wanting to at least give it a go before calling it a day. Tony’s smirk falls from his lips and he looks at her in concern. ‘You sure you’re up to this? We can always do this tomorrow.’
He frowns when he sees it's an unknown number and turns, taking a few steps back from the soldier to give himself some space. When he opens it his blood runs cold. There's a picture of Peter, taken through a school window, sat at his desk looking up at the teacher, a pencil in his hand as he takes notes. Underneath is a short message: In the market for a new intern, can you recommend Anthony?
‘No, stop right there,’ Tony points at him without looking up from his phone. ‘None of that “Mister Stark” crap Steve or I’m reverting to Captain Rogers.’
worse. As it was Sam only got tangled in the lights and nearly pulled the tree down once, whereas Peter crashed into it about three times, and it was only Wanda’s quick reflexes that saved it on the last time. Tony had had to pull the teenager out of the branches and sent him to be checked over by Natasha, which by the time she’d given him the all clear they’d managed to finish decorating it.
too young for him? What if he wakes up one morning and realises I really am just a kid and decides he wants to find an actual adult and not some nerdy teenager?’
‘I’m going to pretend you didn’t say that last bit,’ Steve gives him a warning look. ‘Now are you coming to bed or am I going to have to drag you there?’
‘Tony please,’ Bucky pleads, falling to his knees and gripping his head. ‘Stop, I don’t want to hurt you. Please.’ But Tony ignores him and, eventually, he reaches the end of the ten word sequence.
‘I’m still unsure as to why you think I am the best candidate,’ he responds to the trickster’s query.
‘Come on let’s get going,’ Steve says, giving Peter a worried look before leading the way to the car. Bucky takes his bag, lightly squeezing his shoulder with his hand, before nudging him along, his arm never once leaving its place around him.
‘Forgive my friend,’ the first man drawls, ‘but we have information that suggests Mr Wilson knows a resident superhero, name of Spider-Man, and we’d be very interested to speak to him too.’ Peter tries to keep his breathing even so he doesn’t worry Wanda, but that last sentence has his heart pounding.
‘Thank you, Captain,’ the magician replies, reaching up to touch the pendant where the stone is currently sitting.
Steve just snorts out a laugh then jumps to grab hold of the bars, swinging along below Peter until they reach the first platform. ‘You going first or shall I?’
‘Oh yes,’ she replies as they head towards the car, for once not driven by Happy but by a SHIELD agent, ‘and this year we’ve got the Guardians with us.’
. You fought it and won before remember? Remember us and Vis in Tony’s lab? Working through your memories together. Remember Tony taking you upstairs? Telling you that you weren’t to blame for everything you did? Bucky!’
But if Peter was right no matter what they’d done there was no way they’d have been able to control Ultron. He would always have turned against them.
‘London?’ Tony frowns, then feels the breath catch in his chest when FRIDAY brings up the footage. ‘You all seeing this?’
Steve shrugs. ‘Think a couple are out. Sam and Blake are in their rooms, Sam said something about talking with family. Bucky’s obviously still in hospital. Not sure about the others.’
Bucky grimaces and nods. ‘I’m fine, got a bit of pain when he started, but nothing more. He might not be alright if I get my hands on him though.’
‘Huh, yeah I know what you mean,’ he replies, he’d been thinking what to do for a number of the team and been struggling for an answer. ‘Hey I know! There’s a ballet on in New York that she was hinting we should go to, but I know she’s been saying that she wishes you two had more time to yourselves so why don’t you take her? Make a day or two of it? I could get you the tickets when I’m in town if you want?’
But the defenders are falling before the sheer weight of numbers, and the Jotuns are tiring as their barrier is attacked from the inside.
‘What?’ the inventor looks up in surprise. ‘But the doctor’s said it was impossible, that my chest would likely collapse if the reactor is removed; it’s basically holding me together in more ways than one.’
there’s the smell of stale booze, body odour and what Peter suspects might be urine. And that’s only the scents he can work out. Despite that none of the surfaces
‘Cut the bullshit, Hammer. Why did you put the reactor back in my chest?!? Why not just take it? Why not just leave me for dead?’
A/N: And there you have it ladies and gentlemen: the end of my first Marvel fairytale. I couldn't help add a huge amount of family fluff in at the end. I was on a dog walk and suddenly had the image of Tony telling their fairytale to a little Morgan and Peter and just had to add it.
years older,’ Peter rolls his eyes and he can’t help but smile at the slight relax of the teen’s shoulders.
‘Considering Wanda has been giggling since they arrived, but will not tell me the reason behind it, and Peter has been blushing just as long I’d wager that the topic of their conversation has to do with Peter’s love life and Wanda has just discovered something about it he doesn’t want shared,’ Vision says, entering behind them with a sigh.
The other man gives himself a visible shake and then, in a much more normal tone, asks: ‘The Avengers know I’m in New York?’
‘Come on Widow you just don’t want to admit that I’m a better shot than you,’ Bucky’s cocky grin has Natasha’s eyes narrowing and Rhodes knows he’s in trouble now.
By the time FRIDAY informed them that dinner would be ready soon as they should finish and start to get ready Loki is able to keep a solid weapon on one arm that can withstand almost as much force as Vision is able to summon, and can summon weaker weapons with his other one with good enough frequency to be able to use it in a fight.
‘Silence!’ the crack of thunder that accompanies Ororo’s voice had the arguments stopping before they even begin. ‘When the gauntlet was destroyed the stones chose vessels to go to,’ she says, once more her tone is calm, ‘I say those who the stones chose should decide their fates.’
‘You just lay back for a minute, babe,’ Tony says, letting the soldier sit up enough for him to pull the shirt off of him, throwing it behind him to land on the floor. ‘I need to start learning what drives you crazy.’
‘So how do you explain you knowing him so well?’ Sam laughs, then he turns to the three Asgardians. ‘So what do you do at Yule then? I mean I’ve heard Yule celebrations happen here on Earth, but I imagine it’s not the same as yours.’
They continue sparring, evenly matched thanks to Wade’s mutation and years of experience fighting as a merc, combined with training with the team, against Peter’s extraordinary reflexes and spidey-sense, now improved with his own hours of training.
like Tony Stark; and he’s about the right age for when Tony was in the height of his playboy phase. Maybe he’s a long lost love child that he just got back in contact with.’
Tony gives a small laugh and Steve gets butterflies in his stomach. What is wrong with him? He never gets hooked on people this quickly. ‘I would say I’m glad to hear it, but I’m not sure I should be happy at your physical injuries.’
‘That would depend on the content,’ Vision’s calm voice responds. ‘However I assume you are referring to a recording of this particular exchange, so I would say no more than twenty minutes.’
Tony blinks a couple of times then bursts out laughing. ‘Sorry I completely forgot you two didn’t actually get formally introduced. Scott meet Peter Parker, aka Spider-Man. Peter, meet Scott Lang, aka Ant-Man.’
‘For now no,’ Loki shakes his head, ‘but I’ll need you to come with me to Wakanda. I imagine we shall need some of the army to join us there to fight against Thanos.’ The female Jotun simply bows her head in acceptance.
‘Yeah well I bet you failed to mention you went to the shit hole that is Hell’s Kitchen to your buddies,’ Deadpool counters.
‘I understand now why he did it,’ Loki continues as if he hasn’t heard Bucky’s words, ‘the way we were raising the wolf it was never going to be fully under control and fully trained, and he didn’t get enough exercise so would have become destructive. But at the time I was devastated, and so was Thor. I blamed Sif for what had happened and was furious with him for telling her our secret, but he of course defended her saying she’d obviously done what she thought was best, however misguided. I’m not sure I ever fully forgave her what happened to Fenris, and it took me a long time to trust Thor not to share any secrets again. It was the last time we ever had a true secret between the two of us. I suppose that’s why it’s still my favourite hunt.’
‘Pull up a chair,’ Tony pulls the one out next to him and Peter sits down, pushing the sleeves of what looks to be one of Wade’s hoodies up over his elbows as Tony and Bucky begin explaining the rules to him.
‘I thought those two were going to have a fight right there in the bar!’ Bucky’s got tears streaming down his face now.
Once they’re all in the common area Natasha fills them in, Tony sits next to her on one of the sofas, trying not to let his head fall back and nod off.
‘Reminds me of the ones I had as a kid when money was tight,’ Sam adds, ‘my brother and I would fight over who got to hang the decorations up because there wasn’t as much room. Still say those trees always looked the best. We’d make extra ones out of paper to stick on to cover up the bare bits.’
‘You’re pretty lucky,’ Karen comments as they approach two men. ‘Oh hey Foggy, I didn’t realise you’d come back. Matt this is Peter, one of Stark Industries’ interns, he says he’ll show you where the bathroom is.’
‘EDITH kept a link to Beck’s systems,’ she continues, ignoring both of them, ‘and even though they’ve destroyed all the physical evidence of the systems, there’s a couple of things they couldn’t get rid of. We thought the encryption on the emails was too hard to follow right? So I decided to follow it manually-’
‘Well then,’ Steve’s voice is quiet and the kiss he presses to his lips is soft. Then he catches Tony unawares by lifting him up and pinning him against the wall with his body, Tony wrapping his legs around his waist to keep himself in place.
‘We know there are other groups out there, right?’ the teenager asks. ‘What if some of them also have links to HYDRA? We know Hammer does as well as Ross, and Francis’ organisation is linked to them. Maybe others have links even if they aren’t being sucked into it.’
‘It wasn’t your fault,’ Peter tells him quietly. ‘We live these double lives and sometimes they cross over, and when it does you lose any ounce of control you thought you had. And you can’t blame yourself for anything that happens in those moments.’
Tony huffs. ‘Yeah, yeah, alright,’ then he grins, ‘now why don’t you lay back and let me get my hands on those muscles and see if I can loosen them up?’
He places a comforting hand on her shoulder. ‘Your powers are not helping are they? They’re tapping into the feelings others are having. Tony told me about what happened when the Guardians first arrived and how you latched onto Quill.’
‘Eh, you know what Stark’s like. He likes to show off,’ Rumlow shrugs. ‘But that means you need to get your dress uniforms ready, boys. We got a party to go to in four days’ time.’
‘The suit filters out smoke, Wade,’ Peter says in a tone that clearly states they’ve had this conversation many times.
Peter feels a weight on his shoulders and looks to see Bucky, metal arm sitting around his shoulders in a move that he’s sure is supposed to half intimidate Flash and half show Peter his support. ‘That all it is, Pete?’ the Winter Soldier asks.
worked on them?’ Steve asks, shocked that he’s been so lucky as to find one of the very people he needs to speak to.
‘Yes, sir,’ he says meekly, following the orders he’s been given and landing on the grass, sprinting towards the helicopter. Some of the wreckage is starting to burn and he leaps forwards to get the bodies out, when several men surge out and he finds himself busy just defending himself.
‘I didn’t get it till after everything went down,’ Tony says. ‘Obi was on to Pepper and she got grabbed in a meeting with Coulson, didn’t get back to me in time but she did get Coulson and go after Obi themselves.’
Man this would be so much easier if I could actually move an arm. Wonder if I could just move enough to rip one off, let it regrow and then use it get the rest of me out?
‘You fucking bastard,’ Steve growls, leaping to his feet and slamming his hands on the table. ‘I knew you were rotten, Rumlow, but this is beyond what even I thought you’d be capable of.’
Natasha elbows Bucky in the ribs as he starts sniggering at the shocked look on the inventor’s face. Just as it looks like his brain has caught up with what is happening an alarm goes off. Peter jumps up and looks around wide eyed.
‘I was in a relationship with someone else and would never have been staring at another person, no matter how muscular they might be.’
‘I should probably put your ring on your finger,’ he laughs; it’s a simple dark grey band, with a small sapphire set in the middle flanked by two rubies. It’s small and fairly simple, but when Steve slides it onto Tony’s finger he thinks it looks perfect on the genius.
‘Permanent,’ she finishes for him. ‘Like it was somewhere we could stay and make our own. If…’ she pauses, taking in the expression on Tony’s face, ‘if you don’t mind, Tony?’
‘Alright,’ Peter lets the Winter Soldier pull him to his feet and then, he and Ned supporting each other, they start to head off down the corridor. ‘Be careful, Bucky.’
‘So if you’re from Stark Industries I’ve got to ask: is it Matt you want to speak to or his horned friend?’
‘Hey!’ Peter bounds over to them. ‘Doctor Strange loved his book, Loki, though he wouldn’t tell me what it was about.’
‘Very funny,’ the captain rolls his eyes. ‘I will be sitting firmly on the sidelines and I’ll volunteer to judge.’
‘Once we’ve done this last fight, we’ll have more freedom to move on HYDRA,’ Natasha’s not sure if she’s trying to convince herself or Hope more. ‘We can rest after that.’
‘Apparently it’s one of FRIDAY’s programs Tony set up,’ he then explains what the AI had told him and part of what Tony had revealed to them last night. As promised he didn’t mention his conversation with Rhodes. Through it all Natasha listens without comment, her face unreadable.
released from the medical bay. He’d managed to keep the tablet a secret so Pepper hadn’t had a reason to scold Steve; how much the soldier had been scared of his CEO had provided a
Wade doesn’t respond, just pushes Peter’s mask up to his nose and presses a kiss to his lips. ‘I got my very own spider-kiss!’
Matt pauses for a second then a small smile breaks across his face. ‘They don’t know about Deadpool do they?’
‘Just…I love having everyone together, but it’ll be nice to have a bit of peace and normality restored.’
‘Strange saw what had happened on the news the same as we did. He arrived at the courthouse just as Tony was getting a car ready to take us to the jet and opened a portal here. Seems we arrived too late to be of any use though.’
‘Like he could,’ Bucky scoffs, though the effect is lost as it’s muffled in Steve’s stomach. ‘Alright let me go you punk!’ When he’s let go he rubs his neck and looks at Steve. ‘You seriously telling me you’re okay with this?’
‘See? Stewart is a sensible man! Go,’ he laughs as his aunt is all but dragged out of the living room and out of the front door. He looks down at the baby girl in his arms. ‘We’ll be fine won’t we little Princess?’
The majority of the morning is spent unwrapping presents. Despite there being several grumbles at the early morning wake up calls, everyone is upstairs and ready within the hour. It definitely helped that everyone was greeted with their favourite hot drink by Wanda when they appeared.
the firefight, Sam. How do you think I found out about him?’ he brings the videos up from when he’d first found Peter, and shows them to the others on the screen, replacing the latest celebrity couple break up story.
‘I know,’ he grimaces, ‘we’ll just have to do what we can. Hopefully the big looming threat will help with that. Not that it’s making me any bigger a fan of having to work with Dumbledore and Gandalf.’
‘Maybe it’s a bit of both,’ the mercenary laughs as he goes to join the trio. Tony watches as Peter all but lights up when he catches sight of the man and almost subconsciously leans into his side when he starts talking to Loki again. He also notices how Wade relaxes slightly after a few minutes of conversation, obviously coming to the conclusion that the gods are no threat to the teenager.
Please let me know what you think, I do like feedback whether its positive, negative or a mixture of both!
‘We’ll be fine, Steve,’ she winks at him, ‘nothing we haven’t done before.’ As she disappears into the jet and the door closes behind her, Steve waves to Bucky sitting in the front seat and piloting the jet. He waits until it’s out of sight, a bad feeling in his stomach, then turns and follows Tony and a still grumbling Peter back inside.
‘Loki,’ she cuts in, voice raw and when he turns to her, she can see fear in his eyes, ‘Bucky and Wanda were taken.’
Steve’s heart hurts to see how lost his friend looks. He steps forward, pulling Bucky into a tight hug. ‘Whatever we were before,’ he tells him after Bucky returns the embrace, ‘it doesn’t matter now, Buck, because it’s what we’re doing
‘Now he’s working with politicians. A group of people he’s made it very clear he has no time for in the past. I just- he just-’
‘That’s not all, Cap,’ Clint adds, glancing at Tony, ‘Tony had to take the stand today and it seems Hammer’s lawyers are starting with the line of discrediting Tony.’
‘Any chance you can give me tips on how to still look fabulous even when tired?’ he jokes, heading straight to the cupboards and pulling out one of the largest mugs they own.
Eventually Ross addresses him again and Tony pulls himself from his musings. Ross’ face is a picture of frustration. ‘Well Stark it seems that,
'I still love you,' Steve whispers, 'I didn't leave you for him Tony, I always wanted to come back to you, I just didn't know how.'
‘Oh no,’ Sam laughs, standing up on his own skates and holding out a hand to Quill. ‘Come on, Star Lord, we’re going to get you skating.’
‘Sshh, it’s a wild Tony Stark! They don’t normally venture out of their natural environment, don’t startle it,’ Wanda teases, laughing when Tony flips her the middle finger.
It’s a couple of hours later, and Steve and Bucky have brought Peter back up after an intense workout. The two super-soldiers are sweating and out of breath, but Peter still seems to be bouncing on his toes.
They flood through the single panel and as they do Steve and T’Challa take off running towards them.
Now that they are face to face, he thinks he may be able to break through. If he can, he’ll be able to return Bucky’s mind to him.
The two of them laugh. ‘Yeah, we’re going to need it,’ Tony replies. ‘Now go on, they’re waiting for you.’
‘Sarah just give me until next week then I can come down and we can sort this out,’ Sam says quietly into the phone. ‘Please don’t do this.’
A vibranium hand closes around his throat and drags him up to pin him against the wall. Peter finds himself looking into very familiar dark eyes, currently blank of all emotion.
Peter cautiously opens the door of the law firm and steps inside, there’s quite a few people waiting on chairs, and he recognises the blond woman sitting behind the desk at the far end of the room.
‘Sam! Steve’s coming!’ he hears the woman shout and he tries to encourage a little more speed out of his legs as he hears the soldier thundering up behind him.
Tony tries very hard not to let his voice break as he replies. ‘Come on Pete you know we have to check this out. And Cap’s not going to let me go anywhere where I don’t have someone he can trust to supervise me because he thinks I’ll get into trouble-’
‘Pepper may know something,’ Tony muses, ‘I’ll ask her next time we speak. From what I remember from the media reports at the time he turned up and started going down the whole charity-hand out wagon that had his business partners spitting feathers.’
‘He’s taken down supervillains, is dating a mercenary, and he’s helped prevent the end of the universe. That argument doesn’t hold with me. I’ll see most of you tomorrow,’ and with that Fury ends the call.
Francis’ grin turns even more satisfied and motions to someone in the shadows. Peter feels his stomach drop through the floor as the soldier they want him to fight comes fully into the light.
And suddenly Bucky is in a room, decorated in the Wakandan style, with the faces of their team surrounding him.
Tony tries to keep his muscles from freezing up. ‘You’d have to look in Mom’s areas for those, Pete. Dad didn’t have many of me out. Not towards the end anyway.’
‘Foggy? Karen said there was someone here who wanted to see me?’ Matt Murdock steps through the door, stick in hand looking every inch the blind man and not the vigilante Peter knew he was.
‘You’ve considered asking her to be your consort haven’t you?’ At Loki’s surprised look Bucky lets out a laugh and taps his forehead again. ‘You don’t keep me out all the time you know. I’ve felt the odd worry creep through.’
With anyone else Loki would have argued, but he feels he owes Clint the truth in all things after their past. He wonders if the archer suspects this and it’s why he’s confronting him about it. ‘They have been
Disorientated Tony pushes himself up to see the alien lumbering towards them, his hammer back in his hand, and lifting it up to swing it down. Only one of them is getting out of this unscathed, Tony realises, and gets his gauntlet ready to blast Peter out of the way when suddenly the alien freezes.
‘Meanwhile,’ she mumbles to herself, grinning as she spots the entrance to the main office, and no guards in sight, ‘I’m missing out on all the fun.’
‘You are working way too hard, Baby Boy,’ the man chuckles as Peter sighs, ducking out from under the merc’s hands and quickly looking around the lab to make sure none of his classmates are around. ‘You’re also way more paranoid than normal. Isn’t that usually Widow’s job?’
‘In the flesh,’ he answers, doing a flip to try and convince himself he’s as cocky as he’s acting. ‘I’m here to do a deal with you.’
‘Sam, come get Nat, I’m heading down to ground. Clint? When I give the signal blow that door to pieces.’
‘What is the point of this?’ Loki sighs. ‘I do not want it, I shall never come and demand it. Why not leave me be as you have all these long years?’
Peter has to admit this is possibly not his smartest move on a patrol to date. But then he couldn’t exactly be expected to pass by the police having a stand-off with a shooter and
‘Did Wanda ever tell you how she and her brother came to be orphaned? Their apartment building was shelled, it killed their parents outright but they were trapped under rubble. It was one of
‘May didn’t you say you were expecting to hear back about that nursing course?’ Peter asks before anyone can continue the conversation.
She checks to make sure the cars in front and behind, carrying the rest of the team, are both moving before she settles back down to respond. ‘Just…I can’t shake the feeling that HYDRA is more aware of what’s happening than we’ve given them credit for. It feels…I can’t explain it, just a feeling that someone’s watching, and I can’t work out where from.’
Natasha raises an eyebrow at Steve’s question. ‘You think we’re going to be better off facing Thanos in Wakanda? Why not draw him here to the facility? We’ve got all our tech as back up here, not to mention we know the land much better.’
A/N: Hey everyone. This is the last chapter of the Christmas special! Thank you so much to everyone who has read this story, your kudos, comments and support have been making me smile so much through a bit of a tough time. I honestly cannot thank you enough.
‘-so treating it the same way we would a bleeding wound might be our best bet,’ Bruce nods. Steve sees Peter’s face light up just like it does when any member of the team praises him for a job well done.
on the team had mentioned it…’ he trails off unsure how to voice the fear that had been lurking in his head since Mr Harris’ announcement.
‘None of your business,’ Bucky snaps at him, glaring to drive his point home. Loki simply sighs and takes out the carton of orange juice, raising an eyebrow in challenge.
It makes it easier to say the truth, even if he doesn’t reveal all of it, when he doesn’t have to look at them. What did surprise him was the second evening they did this and Steve brought down his sketch book, arguing that if Tony was allowed to do something to make him feel more comfortable then the rest of them should to make it easier. And Tony had to admit, tinkering with bits and pieces whilst Steve sketched on his pad, and Bucky and Sam sat on the sofa with cups of coffee, it made it easier to talk. They didn’t often ask questions, and if he said no to answering one they didn’t push him.
‘Tony Stark you are many things,’ Pepper says firmly. ‘You are most definitely a terrible pain in my ass. You can be arrogant, you can be stubborn and you can be impossible to organise. But you are also one of the most dedicated, kind, honest, hard-working and decent human beings I know. You are also generous to a fault. How many other people do you know who would have done what you did for Sergeant Barnes? Not to mention the amount you pay me for being a secretary.’
He wonders, frowning into the sink in front of him. He misses having Tony as a friend so why is it his stomach twists painfully at that thought.
‘King of Wakanda and she still threatens me with mother’s disapproval,’ T’Challa shakes his head. ‘Can you heal him Shuri?’
‘Who you calling ugly?’ Bucky demands as he and Rhodes’ face fill the screen separating them from Happy.
‘Don’t worry I used up my heroic action quota for the year.’ When they break apart Peter goes to say goodbye to Bucky and Wade turns to Steve. ‘Thanks, Cap, I was running out of reasons to give him as to why he couldn’t come.’
A/N: Hi everyone! Hope you enjoy this last chapter - yeah we're onto IW next. Please do let me know what you think of this chapter and if you have any requests for the next instalment and I will do my best to incorporate where I can.
‘We are but you’re not going to be able to deal with everything you have to go through if you aren’t at least a little bit familiar with your surroundings,’ Tony points out. ‘Plus I have to give reports to the Council on your progress and it’ll be a little hard to do if I’m not there.’
‘It helps my friend MJ feel better,’ he replies with a one shoulder shrug. ‘Do you want it?’ He offers the plate and spoon.
‘Steve you’re going to have to spell it out for me so I don’t misunderstand something here. Because it sounds like you’re asking to move into my room.’
‘Thor unhand him before you make him have to visit the healing rooms before the ceremony,’ Loki sighs from behind his brother, offering Steve a smile when he’s free. ‘Congratulations Captain.’
As the doors start to close he looks back at his screens. ‘Hey, FRIDAY? Any idea what Sam was talking about there?’
to meet this kid, I hear he’s pretty smart. Well he must be if you put up with him, Anthony. Didn’t quite catch his name though?’
at the end of the day,’ Peter protests, which generates a round of laughter from the team. ‘What did I do to Vision by the way?’
‘Bucky,’ he manages to get past his tight throat. ‘I’ve had enough “Sergeant Barnes” from overly cheerful nurses.’
‘Want to explain why you didn’t mention you were going on a job and I’ve not been able to contact you in nearly a week?’ the teen shoots back, glare just as fierce as the one Wade sends him.
‘Sure you will Big Guy, but you got to get it off me first!’ she laughs, letting go and falling down his back, landing nimbly on her feet and racing off towards the facility where, a few moments later she sees Loki appear carrying the second flag. He teleports next to her, handing it over, before disappearing again with a quick ‘good luck’. One day she’s going to have to hear the story about why he’s so nervous around Hulk.
‘He’s spending every moment he can working on healing,’ Tony replies, ‘if that’s not enough of an indication I’m not sure what is.’
‘I wasn’t here all the time,’ Rhodes responds, ‘and before me there weren’t really many friends around for him.’
Tony’s reply is cut off by a pair of excited voices running past their door screaming: ‘Merry Christmas!’
Pain. That’s the first thing that registers through the fog in his mind. There’s sharp agony in his chest, but if he concentrates he can feel the dull ache in his limbs, and a throbbing behind his eyes.
A/N: Hi everyone! I'm back! Not a huge contribution in regards moving the story of Another Chance on, but it's just a bit of fun and some of those scenes I'd love to put in the main series but don't really fit anywhere. Sorry it's later being published than I first intended, everyone I know seemed to be ill this week and needed looking after!
‘I am Laufey’s second son,’ the Jotun explains, ‘I am Lautenus and I rule Jotunheim after my father’s demise. However it has come to my attention that you, my older brother, did not die as we had been led to believe after your confrontation with Malekith. There have been some grumblings in my council that the older brother lives and I sit on the throne, therefore I am here to challenge you for our father’s throne.’
Tony groans. ‘Just ignore her Vision, she’s trying to wind me up. No I’m not in a relationship with Steve, and I never will be.’
Tony watches as if in a trance as the tyres are blown and the car swerves off the road; only dimly does he hear his father’s surprised question of recognition. When he sees memory-Bucky move towards his mother, however, he has to close his eyes. Yet through everything, even the sound of the gunshot that takes his mother’s life, he stands just behind the soldier, a hand on his shoulder. As the memory fades around them Wanda and Vision continue to work.
‘Hush,’ Loki puts his mug down and places his hands on Bucky’s shoulders, letting waves of calm roll through the link. ‘I think, my Winter Warrior,’ he says after a few moments, ‘that they will appreciate the truth much more than offers of service for forgiveness. Besides,’ he smiles, ‘don’t you think they have
‘Just crawl!’ Clint fires back, nearly braining himself as he pushes himself back to give Rhodes space to crawl with one arm, the other still linked with his own so he can haul the man along. Hulk’s roar of warning not needed as everything above them starts to shift.
Thank you to everyone who is still reading this story, to everyone who has left kudos or bookmarked this story, and especially to those of you who take the time to leave comments. I hope you are continuing to enjoy it. As always let me know if there is anything you would like to see.
‘Can the rest of you look after our guests? Vis why don’t you show them where their rooms are when they’re ready?’
‘You two ladies not joining us for the last few songs?’ Bucky asks, throwing his jacket on top of Steve’s where it’s resting on the bar and unbuttoning his cuffs.
‘Oh please,’ the soldier rolls his eyes, ‘if I wasn’t a good shot Steve would have been killed within his first three missions with the Commandos.’
‘Hey don’t worry about it. You slip up and I’ll just kill the person who works it out. Problem solved.’
‘No!’ Tony, Bucky, Natasha and Wade all chorus at the same time. Peter just pouts and crosses his arms.
‘If something’s happened on Asgard it could be Thor’s come here seeking sanctuary,’ Steve muses out loud, ‘or it could be there’s trouble and he’s stopped here to warn us with a band of warriors.’
‘I’m not freaking out I’m just surprised,’ she admits, ‘I mean Daredevil sounded like he was more up your street.’
‘But I’m warning you,’ he continues as he walks towards Peter, ‘I’m not going easy on you just because it’s your-’
‘Fuck you!’ he shouts, throwing his backpack into the wall and spinning round to get away from the shouts after him.
‘It’s made from the same stuff as my arc reactor,’ he explains, taking the ring from the box and turning it so Steve can see. ‘There’s also something similar to a very mini reactor in there. Press this small button here and it can light up, so if you ever get stuck anywhere you’ve always got a light. Press it again and it’ll set off a signal so we can come find you. I just…’ he trails off, not meeting Steve’s eyes at his soft confession, ‘I didn’t want to risk losing you. And you know how I am with commitment so it’s also a promise to stick around. I mean not a permanent, but a-’ his nervous rambling is cut off by Steve pining him to the bed and kissing him hard, big hands coming up to gently frame his face.
He cuts her off by grabbing her and pinning her against a tree. ‘Thought I taught you never to turn your back on someone unless they were dead,
Steve can’t help it. At those words he leans forwards and kisses the man in front of him, wrapping his arms around him and bringing him close. He knows it’s messy. They’re both crying and desperate, but it’s the first time he’s kissed Tony in years and it feels perfect.
