“Tony.” Steve speaks gently, “Why don’t you come with me and get some sleep.”
“Oh for – vanity on a young head produces every sort of mischief.” Steven bites back, “Miss Virginia Potts is clever yes, pretty to be sure. But James has no vanity, he would not have proposed if he did not think something there. I know she was halfway in love with James Rhodes before you stuck your hand in and tore her in two. I am not wrong here, do not lie to me. We are beyond lying, you and I.
“Look Rogers,” Stark begins, voice low and circling like a shark would its prey, “I appreciate that you’ve obviously come in thinking there is a job to do, and some of the work isn’t as middle tier as I thought it was going to be, but I’m afraid I really don’t need you.”
So he mentally shakes himself and curses whoever left the Stark blueprints at the top of his desk.
She felt churlish enough that when he protested her departure from his company, telling her to stay with him, that she ignored his words and continued down the hill to take in the view alone.
Now that both Pepper and Steve were at home in Highbury once more, and the earth realigned, Antonia could look forward to the upcoming Friday evening with fervour. Maria Stark held some of the most highly sought after invitations once a week, a close of the day met with dinner and fine company. Only those who Maria held in high regard were invited (or at least, those in high regard, and those Antonia wished to visit. Sometimes these didn't go hand in hand).
The drive back is full of stolen touches and pressed kisses to knuckles, and conversations filled with laughter and jokes so light Tony feels like he’s on a cloud. When they arrive back at Stark Manor Tony can’t resist pressing a kiss to Steve’s mouth, and that kiss becomes two, three, four, before he’s astride Steve’s knees and pressing into him like he wants to crawl into his bones. It takes a while for them to disengage from each other, namely because every time they separate Tony leans back in to steal a kiss just because he can.
“Thank you, thank you, but on no account. I would rather walk.” She spoke with great agitation.
“There you are.” Tony says, and Steve feels the hot rush of shame course through his skin.
“Absolutely not Agent Romanov, what per-say would have you traveling so far from Stark's beloved tower of heroes?”
“Mr. Stark,” The older man stopped in front of him in greeting, he looked a little familiar maybe…just around the eyes. Then again Tony met a lot of people he could hardly remember. Those were usually much more attractive and in the long run naked people, who still did not find themselves as little more than a footnote in Starks mind.
Another voice chimed in as Baldr’s wife swam up with her own little pup, “Mother is right, take heart that your new brother will guard her.” She smiled and laid a hand on Jane’s shoulder, “We need to go now before the catacombs collapse, there are those waiting for us and they will need their new Queen to lead them.”
“We leave and regroup. Sam! Turn us around.”Natasha Commanded lifts her chin almost demanding Bucky to challenge her order. The shaggy haired sailor just glared at her with shining eyes. His lack of protest hurt more than anything. “I'm sorry..” She said as she turned her back and headed into the cabin.
The first show of Loki's prowess came after a long conversation with his not-brother Thor.
By now, Steve had joined them, “Bruce I’ll do it… I can’t just sit back and …be put out of commission indefinitely. If it’s the only plan we have I think it’s worth consideration.”
Coulson's team moved as one unit. Their formation well practiced form the missions they had gone on together. Moving on the main entrance was no different from any other tactical assault and the Agent was confident in his people.
Tony took his hand and the entered the master bathroom where Steve gently removed both of their clothes. He stood there for a while just looking his husband over, mentally cataloging all the changes. It was so jarring, considering Steve had woken up just a day or so ago. Before that, he’d been on the mission for two weeks, so for him it felt like all this had happened in less that month. Steve knew that wasn’t right of course.
That was true...until i found you.
The engineer nodded and tried to ignore the glare Steve was sending him. “No worries, I’ll have the big guy right as rain.”
Tony didn’t feel like he won though when he spent the night with his right hand.
Still, there was nothing like welcoming domestic bliss after spending a week away living out of garment bags and attending mind-numbing meetings with shareholders and plant supervisors. He was used to playing with the big boys but that was ages ago – back when all the major players were a lot like Obie, a bunch of old suits who sat around drinking brandy and telling tales of their younger days.
“That’s bullshit Cap” All joking was aside now. If Tony pushed his pheromones a bit to make a point the didn’t mean to, but seeing Steve like that made him want to take away that doubt. To make it better. Alpha’s comfort and protect. “Number one, no one outside this tower will find out until you’re ready. Number two, we are a pack and you know that. As weird and social awkward as we are, that’s what’s going on here. That’s the point of this whole damn building… I haven’t had… family. Maybe it’s selfish but I want that and I see the lot of you rejects as that family. No one’s gonna hate you or think any less of you. I didn’t.”
Tony leaned up on his toes and pressed a soft kiss to his lips. “..I should have told you, you know I just wanted to protect you, everyone.”
all this to take control himself?”
She made a convincing argument, of course she had. Natasha was a lot like Tony when it came to knowing just what to say . Oh, and there was the other complication in all of this. Tony.
Suddenly, the glow in the mermans chest flared like fire and the blast sent shock waves through the water. Steven had just managed to raise his shield when the light grew tremendously to almost blinding.
“Oh god, tiny t-shirts…you did didn’t you.” Steve groaned as he rolled over and stretched.
Rogers had been doing just that when his friend Bucky came running into their tiny apartment in the Bronx. The blond set down his pencil and smiled at the excited beta as he flitted around waving a handful of papers.
“We found Stark's kid. Same said hopping out onto the expansive deck and looking back over the choppy water. “Steve's got the kid and is escorting him in. In a couple of shakes we'll be adding active support from above for the mermaids.”
James looked back to see Stark open a panel on the side of the gauntlet, inside was a syringe of silvery looking liquid. “Stark...the hell are you doing.” The question was moot really, James knew by the look on the other mans battered and bruised face that what ever was in that cylinder wasn't B12.
Night turned into morning with Tony stopping to catch some shuteye on the sofa in the workshop, somewhere around noon the inventor rejoined the world of the living.  Stretching and popping his aching joints before retreating to the bathroom for a quick shower and a change of clothes.
“Definitely, but if where they live was all that bad wouldn't they all just...”Fitz gestured around. “Ya know die out? Also, Loki is not in a threatening environment.”
“I didn't want to at first,“ Loki began “because of what I am. It may seem foolish given what this place stands for. However, on Asgard – if you are not Aesir ..you are a beast. I am the worst kind of best in the eyes of those that once called me blood.” Loki raised his hand and the skin took on a cobalt hue a few shades lighter than Wagner's own. “ This place helped me to think differently, but now... I fear that my hesitance has been my downfall. Perhaps all my wishing against it has poisoned me.”
Ep2 - I'M NOT GONNA CRY....FUCK!
“What do you mean you've lost them?” Phil says and that’s not good.
"Pops, ya home?" Peter called as he walked in, hanging his bag by the door and slipping off his sneakers.
The omega had no idea how long he had been mindlessly staring. “Fine, holiday break coming you know, have to test my students and calculate averages. Just thinking.”  His lie went over, if a bit shallow in effect. His alpha seemed satisfied enough and that was enough.
Bucky just smiled sadly and shook his head. He hated that Tony was so wounded by the people in his past that the other man couldn't see what he was worth. Couldn't see that he was so much more than a name and a trust fund. More than a star at MIT or future king of industry. More than the tabloids playboy in and out of rehabs and jail. Tony had so much to offer and it was terrifying how little Stark thought of himself. How much danger he put himself in with little or no regard for what might happen.
“I do...I'm Tony Stark..I..”
Leaving Loki with Bruce was the hardest thing to do. Even so, he knew the beta was the best person to take care of Loki right now and there really wasn't more could he do. There was a lot more at play here than just an early heat. A horrible helplessness settled over his shoulders as James slid down the wall in the hallway and sat with head in hands. Natasha, as quiet as she was sat next to them. She didn‘t speak for a long time, just sat there with her grounding presence.
Beck had been the one to assemble the injector, taking uncharacteristic care with each piece. “Are you sure about this?” he asked one last time.
“It wasn’t over, but you wouldn’t know that would you Cap? See watching a movie actually means watching it. Not sitting in a room and grasping the concept by osmosis.”
“Yeah because I’m already sweaty and pregnant I absolutely want to be buoyant in warm water. I’ll pass thanks.”
“With pleasure Professor. What can I help you with?”
“So pretty.”
Hydra had been floundering since Red Skulls second disappearance fallowing the failed capture of Captain America a few short years ago, the group was scattered at best until she came. A statuesque beautiful woman who claimed a name from the villainous collective's past. The Madam made quite the first impression with an extraordinary show of strength and intelligence. Those struggling to hold onto the reins of the shadowy organization didn't need much convincing.
it melts into Steve’s bones and settles there. He feels warm and his chest tight as Tony grinds into him and deepens the kiss with a flick of the tongue that Steve chases into his mouth. He doesn’t think he’s imagining the little gasp he wrings from Tony as he thumbs the other man’s trousers, and things are about to get distinctly M+ rated when the door finally rattles open and a gasp fills the room that is decidedly not theirs, followed by a camera flash.
They were all three walking around together for an hour or two – first round the shrubberies of Hartfield, and afterwards in Highbury. Mr. Barton was delighted by the whole thing, by every minute, admired Highbury’s whole visage, commending every step of the way. It might have been overkill to another voice, but Antonia found it as rhythmic as the brook they walked across.
“Tony.” He throws out, unable to stop the words before they stutter out his mouth, “Just Tony, please. Or. Or at least, Anthony. Anything but Master Stark. Or sir.” His eyes grow wide in panic when she looks as though she’ll argue the point, but she stops, graces him with a small grin.
"Just the one room, Mr. Carbonell?" The man asks, and Tony's shoulders roll back. He'd have found it hilarious, how unrecognisable Steve becomes when out of costume, except it means that the covetous glances that are often masked behind respect when in face with Captain America are more open and hungry when they simply think he's a gorgeous man. But the look the man glances Steve with is far from adoring, instead his upper lip curled with something that vaguely looks like judgement. Tony rolls his shoulders square.
“No I didn’t mean next this evening. I meant next with ... this.” Tony gestures between them both.
It was after Clint Barton wavered once more between insincere flattery and grumbles about the heat that Antonia stood quickly, “Well I would like to see the view again, and intend to enjoy the rest of the day.”
Jarvis doesn’t leave the car, but anyone driving past the restaurant will see two young men, blonde and brunette, with their heads bent together like they can’t bear to be more than centimetres apart in the dying sun.
“Oh my god – oh my god.” Tony whispers, barely loud enough for Steve to hear. So Steve grins down at him, aware of the sweat pooling in the crook of his brow, and picks the pace to one practically unbearable in its sensation. The room fills with the lewd and filthy sound of bare skin slapping in an unmistakable cacophony, Tony punctuating it with little punched out moans that bring a flush to Steve’s cheeks.
He falls to his knees in front of the rubble that covers Tony and scrabbles at it, only pausing to rip his gloves from his hands when they hinder him. The skin splits and before long he’s painting each brick red with blood, and he thinks a fingernail has been torn off in the process, but thoughts in his brain are jostling for attention and he can’t think anything but
“Me neither.” Tony whispers, faces so close now Steve can feel the puff of breath Tony creates with each exhale. It’s warm against his skin, turning his cheeks red, blood tingling near the surface. Steve feels on the edge of something once more, and instead of clinging to safety, he leaps into the unknown and tangles them both in a kiss that was inescapable from the minute he set his eyes on Tony Stark.
“You certainly will.”
” He says, dropping a kiss on the bridge of Tony’s nose.
“No. No no, Steve.” Tony’s voice sounds broken, “Steve, please, stay. I’ll be good. I promise. Just  - stay?” The words are close to begging, open like a flesh wound.
“I do not find you disagreeable Antonia, I just find you naïve.” Says Steven, with a degree of vexation, that makes Antonia bound toward any other subject immediately, unable to comprehend why her words made him so angry.
” He curses, watching the water turn red beneath his feet with the blood running copiously from his knuckles, idly thinking about how Tony would have laughed upon hearing him swear. He stands there a while longer, staring at his knuckles as the flesh already begins to heal, knitting together and he feels sick. He’s nauseous at the fact he can piece together again so quickly, this nothing special, ordinary man, and yet Tony’s left unconscious on a hospital bed. He leans against the broken tiles for even longer, trying to regain control of his stomach as it tries to purge itself, before he steps out and shakes himself free of the thoughts circling round his head like water round a drain.
A carriage was heard. He was on the move immediately; but coming back, said.
Antonia sat at the seat proffered by Mrs May and accepted the cup of tea she poured with a nod, “Why yes.”
Because now he knows what these feeling are, feelings he thought were numb, buried in the ice and held hostage by grief, he’s not sure he knows how to contain them. He’s woefully out of practice, poorly prepared for his libido kicking to life with a roar, ripping through his gut when he sees Tony yawn upon stepping into the communal floor after his release. The movement stretches his shirt, causing the fabric to ride up and slip a sliver of tantalizing skin that sends him into near cardiac arrest.
"This is important to him.." Pepper assured James Rhodes as he suited up in the War machine armor giving him a kiss on the cheek. "Steve isn't keen on it either but..."
Howard would smile tugging a pencil from his ear and jot down a few notes or whatever ideas had been running through that big brain of his. He had even slipped the journal out of the sleeping man’s arms one night and sketched something among the pages. Steve wondered if it was still there.
state side.”
“Is it just me or dose that look like..” Steve blushed looking away as Clint sat in the gym just Shake weighting away as if his life depended on it.
Steve did not know how to feel, seeing them like this - watching them move and know they were alive. It felt more real and in a way 100 times more frightening and wonderful all at the same time.  “Ok I guess, I suppose this makes things more difficult doesn’t it?”
Title : “We all know how this story ends.”
“He's a Stark..he'll make it.” Said more to convince himself than anyone else.
“Sorry?”
Part of him wondered if everyone was lying, that maybe Tony really was dead and they all worried that he wouldn't be able to handle it. Therefore, they had collectively decided it was better for now to say everything was ok, and then maybe try to break it to him gently. This in itself was a little insulting. It wasn't as if he was some delicate little omega that would crumble and die. Sure, the shock of it had brought him to his knees and even now, it hurt, but now it was a numb cold somewhat hurt. The kind that had once kept him up at night dreaming about icy cold water filling his nose and mouth. Even so, He had endured that and he could endure this. Steve could teach himself to endure it, for the kids, for the team.
Genious, Billionaire, Playboy, Cat ...
“ANTHONY!”
In the blink of an eye, Loki was gone.
(See the end of the chapter for
The agent pulled up a chair sitting heavily upon it. “I always tried to live my life with no regrets. Even when I went after Loki alone - I had no regrets with how that went down. I thought I was going to die and I was completely at peace with that. I thought, I did the right thing... Since I have been back the right thing has been harder and harder.”
Tony grasped at his finger and held it while his father gently placed the smooth stone on the baby’s chest. The light glowed a vibrant white blue and appeared to phase into the boy’s skin as Howard looked on in half horror half fascination. The glowing circle just under his son’s skin faded and the baby let out a brilliant cry.
A gentle English voice spoke with in Nightcrawler’s mind. He smiled and led the other omega through the halls; obviously the professor had taken a shine to Loki as well.
“What!” Banner would no doubt be on his feet trying to stop him if it hadn't been for the crumbled mass of Omega now looking on the verge of vomiting.
The omega blushed which only made his friend laugh harder.
“So what did he have?” Tony asked spinning around on a chair.
There was a sound of running down the hall and Natasha was the first one in the room followed by the nurses as Steve got up with a slight stagger before pulling himself to full height.
He was everything a male of their species should be, everything she lusted for from his voice to the shine of his slate gray scales peppered in crimson and blue. Her first endeavor to seduce him had nearly worked. He was dim, young then, and willing to follow the lead of any sparkling eyes. Unfortunately, his fellows were not so ignorant of her ambitions nor her reputation.
Steve let out a breath looking down at his hands. It was a weight off his shoulders to know that those closest to him were still innocent in this. However, that did not change one startling fact. “I need to get out of here, you have to help me Phil. You have to know how wrong all of this is.”
High above the raging seas others were watching the horror.
Green eyes began to clear, and Loki pulled away from the comforting touch. A mild defensive mannerism followed: Folding his arms and pressing himself as far back as the chair would allow. “Agent...”
Inspired by Call me when your sober by evanescence
Steve spilled the beans about what had been going on quietly between himself and Tony. How at first it wasn't serious and then...then it started to be. They. Hadn't told anyone because Steve had been worried about press. Tony didn't care either way and been sweet enough to take it slow. Then the accords happened and bit by  bit things between them just tore apart.
“Will do” Wilson took one last look at the bedridden Captain before leaving.
All of those videos they had watched about “preparing for the birth of your child” and  “the joys of birth”, each one hosted by smiling omega surrounded by laughing healthy babies and too happy couples  who talked about what a ‘fantastic experience’ they had. All those…were a big fancy bowl of shit.  Steve was 100% sure nothing about being in labor for going on eleven hours, having to whistle and stare at the ceiling very time Doctor Simmons ducked below the sheet to “check the progress”.  So yeah…maybe he didn’t pay that close of attention to those videos after all.
Alpha…
"Go get your fella Stevie. As much as I appreciate everything you've done...well I didn't know about you and Stark." Barnes said gesturing to Steve. He hadn't realized it until their 2nd night in Wakanda that something was off with his friend.
Where was Steve? He was taking a long time which wasn't like him because Steve was the proficient one between them. Tony felt an ache thinking that just a week or so ago he he could have sensed everything about his omega. Could have closed his eyes to feel that warm contentment Steve had when putting the twins down for a nap. Or the spike of adrenaline and wanting when they were alone.
"The fuck is this...Hogwarts!"  Tony was a little put out about the last one because the bird did not like him.
Bucky would defiantly be calling for a rematch.
Maybe that was why they worked. Why they could lay down each, night and fit like two pieces of the same puzzle.  Why they set out in this life together and were ready to start something new. Something not tarnished by the past. A real life away from the judgment for transgressions that- in some ways they didn't even remember.
Was this some retribution for the weapons of war his hands helped to construct? Some divine hand moving to punish him for his sins of Vice? There had to be an answer for this pain that coiled around his heart- squeezing out the very life burning in his breast.
Tony kissed his back. “Go to sleep baby, I’ll clean you up and get us something. You feel like Italian?
After that, no one really tried to push him again. To see that look of just… Surrender in his eyes was to haunting.  Things went down hill; the omega hardly ate or spoke. It was if something left him that day Cecilia was born, the baby he had wanted so fervently. The little life he held inside of him for those precious months, felt her little soul flickering against his siedr like a flame,
“What will you do, if I say I want to keep it.” That’s really, what I’m worried about. Keeping this baby has a lot more implications than getting rid of it or even putting it up for adoption after its born. Keeping it means the rest of our lives.
“Curiosity.”
“And I said no, respectfully Sir. You did give me an order to safeguard the Captain and that is what I am doing. He is agitated and would benefit from the quiet. If you would like to join him shortly I can certainly send the lift back down for you at such time when Steven has collected himself.”
Tony fell back into his chair; vaguely remember reading Bruce's file when Fury had first approached him about the Avengers initiative. Then thinking about why Hydra had done to Barnes. Steve could not know about this, every time someone tried to replicate the effects of the serum it always ended badly for everyone involved and his omega seemed to take it the worst.
“We where lucky, the place that had Wade was very kind. Technically, Wade hasn't shown any abilities just yet. The fact that he carries the gene was enough to put him in a separate children's home.” Kurt spoke and shrugged his shoulders. “The only thing physically is the scarring you see. He heals very quickly but unfortunately his system doesn't seem to know when to stop.”
Only in those moments could they both let go and just be.
“Or what Stark? You gonna sit me down?”
Speaking of, “babe, you ok in there?” Tony tapped on the bathroom door, He had just returned to the penthouse to find it sans pups and a bathroom-sequestered omega. This was going to be a winning day for sure. Part of him quietly prompted the alpha to keep on walking, don't even ask. From this point on, there be dragons!  Alas, he was a glutton for punishment and so he knocked, of course he knocked.
The inventor held up a hand, “Lemme correct you right there Rocky, Steve…. I doubt has ever been ordinary or unexceptional.”
They had been bonded for nearly three years now, and Pietro was ready. Things had been quiet for a while and if he was being honest, he loved watching Steve and Tony’s son. Peter was so cute and it made the omega yearn for child.
"It happend three years ago, we thought you knew Captain...I'm so sorry.."
Steve’s brows knit together, “Take me out when?”
Sitting in compete silence, the pair watched the movie flicker across the screen. Tony would look over every now and then. Steve wasn’t really paying attention to the film, he looked someplace else entirely.
“Clearly you haven’t ‘popped’ anything in a while then. I find it works wonders in most situations.” Tony defended, waggling his brows.
Looking down the alpha understood why, he also understood that he’d been right. “Oh honey I’m so sorry…” They were tied and there was a bit of blood, not enough to be concerned considering the serum would heal Steve. Still, it didn’t wash away the slight shame Tony was feeling. He wrapped his arm around the soldier and felt the distended belly Steve was now sporting. “Mmm, we went for a while huh…you’re all full.” He hummed, despite the pain he caused the alpha couldn’t help but be a little proud of himself. That primal part of his brain that demanded the omega be bred full.
They needed to make a sacrifice, but not really. Fury couldn’t go taking out an American icon all willy-nilly. It had to seem legit though. The best ops were so deep undercover you never even knew they went down. That’s what he needed.
“Looks like it's just me for now Hap.” She greeted the beta with a playful wink. Happy always got so red in the face when she flirted – it was adorable really.
As Rogers looked to the face standing there in the entry he had to blink to be sure. This was getting stranger by the moment. “Phil?”
Steve looked away, fighting the heat in his face because sure flashing everyone was embarrassing, flashing Tony was worse. “You think you can really handle all those people in your Tower touching your stuff.”
Thankfully before Banner could admonish himself any further Barnes entered the floor. The man looked ragged, well – more ragged than usual. “Hey Doc. I hope you got some good news, could really use it right now.”
The older omega sat silently, thinking over his next words before placing a gentle hand on the solders’ leg. “You tell Stark what you told me. As self centered as he can be I don’t think he would say he didn’t want this child.”
Yes, some things had changed, but thanks to the internet, you could find almost anything. Included dresses that would fit a 6ft plus 200 some pound super solider, and make it look decent.
She was alone and holding some sort of container, dressed as any civilian. Loki might have been concerned if she had come in her usual Avenger regalia. Even so, Romanov was not one to make casual social visits so why was she here?
“I don't know what you can do Loki. I don't think anyone really knows.” Bruce said looking over the readouts JARVIS was able to provide. “ However, looking at your vital signs right now you haven't been taking care of yourself. Not to mention the show I heard you put on in Texas against those hydra agents. I need to check you over Loki but I need your permission to do so. “
Charles Xavier waved with an equally good nature smile. “It was such a lovely day I believed I would pay a visit. It's come to my knowledge a key member of my faculty is in residence after all.”
When Steve came back out dressed in a pair of track pants and tank top, he had to pause and just watch his little family for a moment. Peter was laying there tracing the lines of the arc reactor with his fingers as Tony talked to him about his sleep over with Aunt Tasha and Uncle Bruce. Apparently, Uncle Bruce let him help make salsa and they watched Tarzan.
Howard was standing under one of the glowing amber lights with the revolver pressed to his temple. Hanging behind him was a large copper sphere with thick silver grommets and wires. His newest invention…the Jericho.
“It means I'm about to do something very stupid.”
“Your right Howard I didn’t see. You want to know what I do see. I see a man, who lost everything he loved, and now he’s aligning himself with false hopes of revenge and I know how that ends Howard! It ends in bloody flames so get it together!”
“I hear there are congratulations in order? Is Stark out buying a cigar factory?” Phil said with a smile, setting down a bag at the foot of Steve’s bed. . As much as Pepper was the “mother over SI,” Phil was much the same over any and all agents of Shield, thus extending to the Avengers themselves.
Clint pauses to think that over when a loud boom to his right sent a creeping Hydra officer flying. “Do I gatta cover you’re ass while you daydream Legolas?” Tony snarked.
He was not broken until he had to improvise his own escape and watch yet another good man die for his sake. Yinsen…he had a family, he didn’t deserve to die in some damp dark cave. A good, honest man shouldn’t have died trying to help him.
She inclined her head as the man came near and tugged the blanket aside just enough to see the babe’s eyes.
Things would be stressful for a while and Steve just needed a little breathing room to figure out how to handle the fall out. Even with the battles over and them both home this wasn’t the end, they couldn’t just pick up were they left off like a fairy tale.
Tony had a better sweet smile as he looked down at the still sleeping baby swaddled in the carrier. He let his fingertips brush over Steve’s knuckles before touching Peter’s cheek. “He’s not gonna feel like this ever, I promise Steve. Pete’s never gonna have to wonder if he’s loved. He’s gonna know, he’s always gonna know.”
"Come to enjoy the magnificent view Banner? I would comment on if the lovely scenery was worth the effort but..."he gestured halfheartedly at his hazy irises." I have not much of an informed opinion on ascetics these days."
Sure enough “HentaiZilla’ which Clint started calling it… (Phil turned pink at that, kind of amusing) swung out one of it serpent like limbs and batted Stark away like a troublesome fly.
Finding it was more or less letting Tony finds them. Natasha explained that they would get a ‘ping back’ when Stark's sensors picked them up. Steve didn’t care how they did it.
Even so, he made those promises and so did Tony, they wanted to believe the words they gave the pups were as true as the Gospel. Still, Steve couldn't help but worry his children would know the pain of loss far too soon. Even if it was one of them, if they lost anyone it would be traumatic for them.
“The serum, she means the serum.” Steve quipped looking over at a plant in the corner. It was one of those ferns with the long thin leaves, he let his eyes track along the veins of green and wondered if Pepper was the one to pick it out like most of the towers decor or if maybe Bruce had brought it in.  He was willing to think about anything other than what was going on right now.  Wished he could be anywhere else than listening to Simmons give words to what he’d already considered. That even as the governments ‘physical perfection’ his body was still attacking itself, still letting him down. Something’s never change.
She and Phil had been standing in the hall outside the entrance to Steve’s floor. He had gone promptly to the guest room in the penthouse gathered up his things and gone down to the sparely furnished flat just below. Ignoring anyone’s attempts to stop him.
Steve smiled, preening a little under the appreciative eye of the Alpha. “You bringing me food for once. Now I’ve seen everything.”
Snatching up a penknife the answer seemed so simple, “I'm human. I'm not a monster.” He could prove it, he could show himself how human he was. Driving the blade into his forearm and slicing through the taut olive skin. The alpha watched in horror as the wound shimmered and sealed before the blood even hit the floor.
“Like I said...I did what I had to do.” Tony hedges, stepping over to the bar and filling up a glass. Now that he can focus on it he can smell the sickly sour of distress all over the tower. Steve must be ripe with it now and Natasha, as kind as she is, wouldn't be enough. He needed to be with his omega.
“Yeah yeah, get back to your omega punk.”
As Strange made his way the row of armors bowed one by one. He drew the line at hugging Stark though.
"I just can't watch you go out like this. You're too damn smart to just waist away." His grip tightened as he stared those dull deep green eyes. "I couldn't forgive myself, and I don't know why..."
She calls over the com to Steve “things might have gotten more complicated”
How can i drive this shit ooooon my oooown!
“I said go home I’m fine here…alone.”  Steve hardens his expression; it would be better this way. Tony wouldn’t have to feel like he did anything, it would all be Steve. “Get out Stark.”
"Weirdo, baby, rich kid, brat "
“Ok angel I suppose I can forgive you.” The alpha replied, sneakily warping his arms and legs around the blond like a clingy octopus in an effort to drag his wandering omega back down into the bed.
“Alright kids, lets hit it.”
“Oh Tones…ok, I’ll go.” Bruce didn’t feel the same irritation he had before, now it was just sadness and pity. His shoulders dropped and he left the workshop pausing to look back for a moment. “
They didn’t know… they couldn’t know. Natasha, Tony couldn’t even look at her anymore. She had been with Steve, she who was an assassin- THE Assassin - if you asked any of the avengers. She should have noticed it was a trap, should have done something. Tony never said that though, not directly anyway. The billionaire did his little passive aggressive little song and dance. He always said just enough.
He wasn’t sure if it was right for him to feel like this. Then he looked down at the slumbering engineer, Tony did deserve this. Maybe that made it ok.
“There is a little boy there, he is 7-years-old,”.he says pulling out a photo “His name is Wade, he has a healing factor similar to Logan's but as you can see from some of the scars it is...not as controlled.”
(See the end of the chapter for
There is nothing memorable about this day, it falls out like any other. Yet again, it’s well past any semblance of a normal time to stop and take a break before Tony even takes a breath.
would never risk a lady’s reputation!” She is emphatic now, watches Mr. Barton’s face fall slightly, and thinks perhaps he was toying with a gift for her? Best save face slightly, “Unless of course,” she hurries to suggest, “he was most ardently in love.”
Howard regards him with something that burns too close to hatred to call, jealousy deep in his eyes, “You ungrateful, spoilt child.”
skimming the glamour mags, for a few months. Before telling them it fizzled in a way heart-breaking enough that they’d leave him alone for a while before winding back up with this ridiculousness all over again.
“Thank you Natasha.” He murmurs, truly grateful for the Russian being there. The anger and guilt that was threatening to consume him when he came downstairs has dissipated, all the aggression channelled into their sparring session.
“I had leave, wasn’t intending on coming here during Thanksgiving since I was sure you were still at MIT and Ma was working. And well, you want this to be secret which I understand.” Steve speaks, voice rumbling in his throat against Tony’s cheek, “but, I felt you. And I just started driving.”
He turns sixteen in front of his bathroom mirror with a chill across his skin, goosebumps on his arms, and a burn across his sternum. A wet laugh bubbles up from his mouth, too close to tears, as he watches avidly as ink pours across his skin. It’s bold and black and can’t be missed as it carves across his left collarbone and then shimmers and settles up against the hollow of his throat. Three conjoined spirals stare back at him in beautiful defiance, warm his skin and makes him feel alight. He skims his fingers over them, and idly wonders if his other half is somewhere out there doing the same. His are jet black and solid, which according to Cayce means the half to his whole is already out there, has already experienced the change. He thumbs the top spiral, presses into it, and gasps when he feels his stomach twist and a mirror feeling that he can’t shake that his soulmark is doing the same.
Antonia’s face launched into a grin, before she turned and ran the steps down to the front door. If Jarvis noted her reaction, and her mother noted the quick change from sombre to joyful upon Captain Rogers’ return, neither said anything.
“I am, Mrs May, I believe she is home from her vacation?”
The appearance of the little sitting room as they entered, was tranquility itself. The fire roared pleasantly, and Clint Barton, sat a table near it, with Natasha Romanov stood with her back to them, intent on her pianoforte.
“Odd though, that you had a dream of those you were unlikely to have been thinking of, or aware of, with such intricate details,” observed Mr. Marvel, “Knowledge of him setting a carriage up, of Mrs. Odinson’s comments.
“Good thing I’m not that pure to begin with.” Steve huffs, sweat pooling in the crook of his brow, dripping slowly onto Tony’s torso as Steve looms above him.
It’s a few hours later they close down Shield, and Clint waves them off sleepily beside Phil. Steve bundles a drunk Sam into the back of his car, strapping him in whilst Sam sleepily paws at him with affectionate mumbles.
Tony feels Steve’s hand clench once under his fingers, feels the wave of
Antonia’s answer was not. Unable to resist, “Ah, ma’am. There may be a difficulty, you will be limited as to number – only three at once.”
It was a moment of disappointment once more, a sadness against Antonia’s breast. For she was so of wont to dance, to be merry and enjoy the night. She wanted to have some joy for Pepper too, who had seemed to be faced with more and more hurdles in her efforts to find a good man.
Some of the objects of his curiosity spoke of very fond feelings. He was thoroughly excited to be shown the house where his father had been acquainted with for so long, recollecting memories of childhood and infancy. Antonia watched him, excited and enthused, and decided it could not be supposed he had voluntarily absented himself for so long, and that Steven had certainly not done him justice.
“That was hot.” Tony blurts out amidst blood (and what he thinks is a
Clint shoots him an incredulous look, “No I mean which one do you want to watch first?”
“It’s just what he would do.” Antonia’s gaze falls on Steven, across the room in conversation with Miss Romanov, “I know no man more likely than Captain Rogers to do such a thing. For an act of unostentatious kindness, you can look no further than Captain Rogers. I know he had horses today – for we arrived together, and I laughed at him about it, but he said not a word that could betray.”
“Oh Steven I know how you loathe to ever concede my brilliance, so I will take your compliment and hold it dear since it unlikely I ever hear another one.” Antonia’s voice drips with sarcasm, “And she will be here soon once she can extricate herself from the Highbury gossips.”
At first, Steve is afraid to hit her, the manners drilled into him as a boy still fresh, and he hesitates to land the first punch. Natasha makes it easier though, when she lands a roundhouse kick to his face so hard he can taste blood. She doesn’t apologise, and from then on they engage in a dance of flying limbs and staccato sounds of bones meeting flesh.
The words soak into Tony’s skin, turn over like an engine before roaring to life. It takes less than a half step, a hand curled around Steve’s head, Steve’s eyes widening, for Tony to press his lips to his mark’s.
“This is ridiculous,” Loki hisses as he moved closer taking the baby from the girl’s arms. He meant to scowl at the twisted little face, however the child looked up at him with red rimmed pale eyes and began to quiet down. Anthony turned his little face into the prince’s chest and snuffled and whined. Little hands reaching weakly with wordless please. Loki offered one of his fingers for the pup to grasp.
The creature seems distracted but Steve knew when the first shot from the repulsor went off at close range the monster would be all over Tony. Sure, it was a solid hit but Tony was always a little over confident when it came to his tech.
“Fine, was just about to step out.” Phil reached into his left pocket as though searching for something. Then his left before patting down his vest. “Huh, must have left my cigarettes in my office. I don’t suppose I could bum one off either of you boys. Been one of those days.”
Rockwell’s fingers slid down the brown manila folder in his hands, looking up at the young alpha in front of him, “You know you look a lot like Howard.”
“Can you get up…Loki if you don’t answer me I'm breaking down the door.” There was a whimper at the declaration, a soft sound that seemed so beautiful because if he could make a sound he was ok. “ Sweetheart don't be scared. It‘s just me, Its James.”
Snow swirled through the air like one of the tiny globes that that sat on Peter’s dresser. Only this was real, there was no smiling Mickey in his wizard ropes orchestrating a parade of straw brooms. No Lady Liberty in winter, this was not a dream one could shake in the palm of their hand and turn the music key underneath.
Jane went to her mother-in-law reluctantly, “wait…where’s Darcy!” She suddenly remembered her lady in waiting, “I can’t leave without her Frigga, and she’s like a sister to me!”
A stranger.
Hansen calling him unexpectedly like this didn't feel like it was going to be a happy coincident.
The mated pair stared at each other for a long time as if daring the other to blink. Finally, Tony could not take it anymore, “Why do you have to disagree about this? I thought we decided a clinical setting was more rational.”
“Over here come on you gatta check this out!” Tony yelled back and his friend followed the sound until he found the older boy standing under a small trickle of light, running his hands over a strange object.
“Did you all miss me?” He asked holding out a palm for the trio of mice. “Natasha has Bucky and Sam been good today?” He inquired to the little ginger mouse who hoped onto his outstretched hand.
His first thought when seeing Stark, had been of the white knight in Alice in wonderland, or perhaps an avenging angel. Something sleek and perfect, almost too perfect with it's gleaming lines and light. There was something Barnes couldn't quite put his finger on, a subtle wrongness. Maybe it was in the other man's stance as bright rivers of turquoise danced around the opalescent plating. An air of arrogance that the media often portrayed the genius Alpha to have, an arrogance that all of the Avengers would tell you was stage Bravado at best and over confidence at worst.
The kind of phrase that conjured up a lot of not great feelings and a lightly unhealthy dose of worry. The kind of phrase that people used to describe Steve before the serum. Back in those days he had been ‘high-risk’ for nearly everything under the sun. Still Steve was maintaining his ‘can do’ attitude, which was the only thing making these days bearable. Being high-risk meant that Steve was now on leave from all missions. Too dangerous and too tenuous. Somewhere hell was freezing over because something was ‘too strenuous for Captain America’ he’d love to see Bucky’s face at news like that.
“Brother Steven did thrash one of his attackers quiet thoroughly, he fought valiantly.” Thor added.
"Loki. You have a second chance, if you keep looking back you're wasting it. Trust me kid, I know all about second chances."
Natasha just laughed, “Honestly Stark, do you think I’d ever share my secrets. I would be too much for you. Now be a good boy and pack up, get back to Steve.”
Peter was so pleased with his first place blue ribbon and Tony cried, (Shut up Steve it's my allergies)
Bruce opted to stay behind; the situation began to weigh on him considering the possibilities and percentages. He could risk an incident.
His dad had been furious and his papa just looked so disappointed.
Tony didn’t blame him for that either, Stark had grown up when the ‘therapy craze’ was starting to kick off. In his late teens, Tony had spent a lot of time going from one head shrink to another and none of the experiences was good ones. He supposes now maybe one of two had helped, others just tended to whip out a prescription pad and call it a day. Handing more drugs to a teenager who did cocaine on the regular wasn’t exactly smart.
“On it Cap.”
Inspired by Prisoner by James Arthur
He looked over magazine articles over the years- the commandos as they passed one by one. Interviews Howard had given, Steve even found a video of a very young Tony at one of his fathers expos.
“How does she even know it will work?” Barnes added.
Pepper felt a lump in her throat, there was nothing she could do for this and in a way, she believed in Tony‘s reasoning. Believed in his right to be angry, to be sad, and to hate everything for a while if he wanted to. Still, part of her would always love him and it was that part that wanted him safe. “You’re all Peter has Tony, I know it isn’t fair. I will protect him; I wish I could protect you to.”
Barton was like a brother to her and watching him suffering with the knowledge, he had turned his bow on men he trained, that he killed innocent people. Men who had families, futures…Clint had cut all of that short in an instant and he had no choice in the matter. Watching over Coulsons recovery from his injuries and from Fury’s lie to the team about the agent’s death.
“Well.” Virginia speaks with a slight colour of sadness, but Antonia dismisses it as sadness for the possibility of their friendship terminating, “Well, I suppose I must refuse him.”
“Especially since the other’s don’t
She smiled, agreeing, confusion weighing in her brain, but she didn’t press.
Clint Barton placed a word before Miss Romanov. She gave a slight glance around the table and applied herself to it. Clint was next to Antonia, Jane opposite them – and Captain Rogers so placed as to see the all; and it was his aim to see as much as he could, with idle and casual observation. She gazed at the jumble of letters, apparently coming onto the origin, before fixing Mr. Barton with a stare fiercer than one he’d owe to Natasha Romanov, pushing the row of letters back at him. Clint Barton smiled, with an unkindness to it, and pushed it back at her. They passed it between them like bickering children for a minute more before Pepper cried out, eager for work.
Clint nods, waves a jaunty three fingered salute, and makes to leave when Steve is shook out of his daydream of how gorgeous Tony would look against his sheets. “Wait, Clint, weren’t you bringing me extra files?”
“Is it okay?” Steve is quiet now, his declaration having worn him out. Tony can do little else but grin, his mouth trembling.
“Could do with a shower.” He says in response, crooks a brow, “Want to join me?”
There are words left unshed, unspoken. But they thrum through both of the men’s veins.
But Antonia couldn’t shake it now, “But
“It is so refreshing to hear a woman speak like that.”
Steve flushes with anger now, swarming up from his desk, “How can you say that?! You’d have only kicked me out come sunrise, I thought I better do us both a favour and spare the awkward morning after!”
“Well, how very uncivil of the Cages.”
everything right now, he can’t get Steve close enough, a groan reverberating around his skull when Steve’s mouth moves under his, open and wet. Steve kisses like Tony imagines he wages war, like a siege, like strategy alight under the most turbulent of conditions. Steve has one arm around his waist, hand under his jumper to palm at the small of Tony’s back. The other is wrapped in the tendrils of his hair, and when he takes a hold and twists just a little to get better access Tony keens into his mouth, rocks up a little dazedly.
“Everything you’ve done for me.” Tony repeats, tone sardonic. Maria sits up, back poker straight.
“Captain Rogers and Miss Romanov?” exclaimed Antonia, before hushing slightly at the glances placed upon her at her volume, “dear Mrs. Marvel, how could you think of such a thing. Captain Rogers – Captain Rogers must not marry! I cannot imagine him marrying; and I am sure it is not likely.” Antonia’s heart was in her throat, sweat beading on her brow. She wasn’t sure why she so vehemently opposed such a match, but all she knew is it made her stomach roll at the thought. “And Miss Romanov of all women.”
“This is to say, you chose to have your walk, for you were not six yards from your own door when I had the pleasure of meeting you. When you reach my age you will begin to think letters are never worth going through the rain for.”
“The Bartons are probably at fault,” said Captain Rogers, coolly; “But I dare say he probably would not come even if the door was open to him.”
“What the fuck were you doing?” are the first words Steve hears when he wakes up, eyes fluttering open. Tony is sat by the bed whilst people bustle around them. By their uniform, Steve can assume they are hospital staff, rather than angels, and he isn’t in heaven but in fact some medical room at S.H.I.E.L.D.
better right now. He had aches that caused him to think of absolutely delicious memories every time they twinged, and the smile Steve granted him with every time he saw him, the one that look like he was lit up from the inside, was entirely his own.
that made her so angry. Her vanity had been soothed, flattered, into not only encouraging his attentions, but aiming them to Pepper. Poor Pepper – to be a second time the dupe of the insistent flattery of her
Steve shrugs in return, “You never want to go out, always making excuses and when we finally do you move away from me. I thought…” he goes quiet before taking a deep breath and continuing, “I thought we were more than just a stress reliever after battles.”
Ok, so maybe that was taking this a little far; to be fair it's not as if he's never been shopping.
“Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist….merchant of death. Check it out dad, I finally lived up to your name.”
"Steve...."
Yet here in this bed he did not have to fall under skewed perceptions, here he could look up with wide eyes and kiss swollen lips, he could breath in the comforting mixture of leather and steel. Arching and gasping under stubble laced kisses and a strong chest. It had been so long... finally he had bent to the alphas wiles and it felt so good. Maybe now he could tell him, in the morning perhaps when the sun warmed them in their little nest of tangled sheets. Yes, he would tell him then. He'd let James have it all because now he knew the truth – quietly wishing Natasha hadn't been the one that had to point it out. She was far too perceptive that one.
It was a few days later, since Bruce had called Steve down to the lab for a couple of additional tests. Not that he ever said what he was looking for. Steve didn’t ask either, the scientist was looking harried as he poured over notes, and the solider felt guilty for causing Bruce so much work.
“Bruce is there anything you can do for him?” Loki prays there is because he's seen men go mad before and if Stark is truly dead then the children will need their surviving parent all the more.
Therefore, it wasn’t unfair to think this was more than heat sex for Tony. Maybe he should be grateful to even have that much with the alpha. Steve shook away the thought, his hormones were fluctuating still  and likely that was the cause of his over emotional musing.
She knew what type of altercation she wanted to see.
Steve wasn’t a big talker, he said what he needed to say or what he felt should be said. That wasn’t always the case; he was pretty bad about writing a check with his mouth that his skinny ass couldn’t cash back in the day.  Right now, though if it was words Tony needed he would do his best to give them.
“I wanna have another baby.”
Of course, they had done that privately and settled on being cordial when near the man but not overly friendly. Even seeing how sullen and broken Loki had progressively become over the brief months had been difficult. Clint had been the one to extend the proverbial olive branch when it came to speaking to Loki. That had been a surprise to most.
“Damn it…” Loki glanced around at the state of the living room, quickly vanishing the lazy Afghan and tea cup. The glass door slid open with a flick of his writs. “Outside Duchess.”
“You may wanna go with a traditional ladder, rope ladders can be dangerous “Natasha commented as she and the Captain engaged the oncoming jeeps in tandem. A rocket is launched whizzing past her as she quips about Barton’s weekend projects- earning her an odd look from Steve. “What? …he get’s excited when it’s his weekend.”
Loki did his best to dispel the traitorous thoughts of the past and ground himself in the presence. Stark Tower was safe, built of cold unfeeling steel...but safe. Things were progressing for the better, and the presence of the others had been the balm Loki had never thought he would need.
“Damn it Tony Get up!”
A garnet brow rose in question, “Her learning the Macarena?”
“Stark this isn’t a joke… if it get out…people might not think I’m capable and…”
" worthless, disposable, loud, annoying, troublemaker , killer , joke, "
AN: do you guys want the baby to be peter or an oc?
She was correct, no one said no to Natasha Romanov.
“Sugar buns…I…” Tony stark flipped up his visor and looked dead at a very pregnant and half-naked omega. “Um…Steve, did you rip another shirt honey?”
So I'll put it to you all, do you want me to leave or write for me?
“What the hell are you doing Tony? Seriously! Ya know what. Never mind, I wont talk to you about hurt because you do know all about it considering how much hurt you’re putting your own son through.” It was a low blow. Maybe that’s what Tony needed to see straight.
Apparently stumbling into the kitchen for coffee and then looking up to see the spy sitting atop the fridge munching a bowl of coco puffs is a bit much. Especialy after a 72 hour inventing binge.
“Yeah… that’s great…ok so… lets get this show on the road right?” Tony made a move toward the door but Bruce stepped in his path raising a gentle hand.
“Sure, I mean they sure didn’t have anything like this back in 39.”
When Bruce saw the Vengeful armor-standing sentry in the workshop, he nearly turned green and tore up those nice new chinos. Instead, he settled for waving his arms in a quazi threaten manner in his Angry-high school-counselor voice. “You know you killed two people last night! Dose that even bother you? If you want to use Jarvis to locate criminals and inform the authorities that’s one thing, Hell if you want to call Natasha and tell her, but this can’t go on Tony. You are not judge and jury!”
“Tony please, I’m old but not that old. Oh and Sammy, bring the wing pack by the tower sometime. I can’t see SHIELD taking it back anytime soon and I’m sure you could use the repairs and maybe some upgrades.”
Warning- violence, gore, blood
At first, he tossed the folder to the bed and paced back and forth considering Rockwell’s words. “Steve’s my friend…I would be invading his privacy. Although it’s not like I went looking for it, it fell in my lap.” The billionaire glared at the closed document once more before tugging off his sweatshirt and flopping onto the twin bed, snatching the document and quickly sliding the paperwork from the envelope.
God Tony wanted to give it to him, it was taking every last stick of rational thinking the billionaire had left not to pin Steve down and pound him into the ground. “You tell me if it hurts though you got me Steve, god so help me if you don’t tell me I will never fuck you again you hear me?”
The road ahead was going to be a hard one maybe that was the story with every chapter life. The best things were never easy and the right things where always the hardest to do. Yet, it was worth it. Through all the sorrow and all the hurt, that Steve had lived through, he did not regret the time spent in those endeavors. Even now as he walled toward Tony’s lab able to hear the man speaking loudly to the bots about their ‘new little brothers or sisters’. Steve just shook his head; this was going to be a wild ride.
Loki opened his misty eyes and smiled softly, his therapist had said one of the most beautiful things about growing up was realizing your parents were flawed. Realization that they where once just like you, scared and young and doing their best and in those good intentions mistakes are often made. The beauty in this is that you receive that lesson and theirs. You have the unique opportunity not to make their mistakes.
Eventually, conversation turned to the nightly meal, Tony was going to order out for everyone. A pack dinner on the common floor hadn't happened in a while. James commented on a few out of the way places he knew of that had decent food. Tony added that Steve was craving spicy fried chicken.
Steve nodded, settling back into the plush sofa. “I will agree, there’s nothing like a New York pizza. I just couldn’t get anything like this in D.C.”
Now, Tony sat there staring into the palms of his hands letting it sink in. His eyes tracking the grease that followed the lines of his palms and settled around the gold of his wedding band. "Why...why did you have to be the one to fall on the wire?"
His heart clenching painfully in his chest.
Steve felt foolish for wanting to go in there and curl up under a blanket and just sleep. He was suppose to be stronger than some stupid instinctual urges. What kind of leader hides under the covers just because things get a little difficult.
Steven Rogers for instance had become rather close to the former villain as they spoke about many things in the world they found unusual or unfortunate. From Steve's prospective: the modern generation of youths that lacked so much respect that he himself once grew up with. Loki also commiserated as the necessary formality and pageantry in Asgard was some what 'old fashioned' as Stark had once pointed out. The two bonded over feeling displaced in the world.
James had led him out speaking softly  but  Steve had heard the broken sobs before the pair made it to the elevator. Everyday it's a bit worse and he understands what Tony is hinting at but doesn't want to think Loki would do the unthinkable. However, sometimes even the strongest – proudest of people break. Steve had seen it happen when he'd visit the veterans centers where Sam volunteered. Men an women who had gone to war for their countries and given everything they had...only to come home and find that the world they left wasn't nearly as ready to welcome them home.
James reached across without opening his eyes- he just needed the conformation. Just a little touch of soft warm skin to assure him that
If he'd even made it this far.
“If you ever...” Steve said not knowing how to phrase it.
The German had always been honest. “I thought so, I am glad you are with your family now. You know your family here is also available to you? I would come if you needed me to Loki, anytime.”
“Will you stop talking…” Steve groaned
Rockwell nodded thoughtfully, “Moreover, what if I told you that you were wrong, what if I told you that the story of America’s super solider was all built on a lie? A lie that could very well destroy him in a way the good Captain may never recover from.”
The Asgardian nodded, “My brother has elected to keep Sergeant Barnes close in his distress. I have his world he will not let him leave Asgard. However, is not our friend right in his wish to punish those responsible?”
She watched her son finally come up from one of the deep trenched, curing to himself and tossing off an overly friendly jelly that found itself at home in his hair. He looked down into his palm and smiled thoughtfully, he had found something worthy. “I pray for your heart my sweet one…you deserve some happiness.” She said, watching him weave through the coral beds to find a quiet out of the way place to work.
“I used it. I used Extremis, a perfected version of it anyway. I had to Bruce, it was that or I... no Barnes too, we would both be dead right now and I couldn't abide by that! You know I couldn't do that!” His voice came out forced and frantic and poor Bruce, soft sweet grounding Bruce was holding his shoulders and leading him over to the sofa. “I had to.” He says again lamely as his head drops into his silken palms. He hates how they feel on his now unlined face.
The shield felt heavier than usual against his back but he dismissed the fatigue as his body starting to calm and settle back down post battle. He thought about getting home, about peeling out of the uniform and maybe letting Tony indulge in some post fight scenting. As alphas had want to do, just to assure his partner he was fine. Steve just hoped he felt better then. Maybe he would go see Bruce later too, just to put his mind at ease. There would be no harm in finding out and hopefully making an earlier plan based on everything, they knew now about the serums effects on his endocrine system.
“Thank you Doctor Simmons, really.” He said as the alpha clean off the gel and set to printing out the image.
“Are you correcting me right now?”
Can't change the way I am sexy, naughty, Tony!"
That the house, the work, living out in the work and reconnecting....but then, this wasn't Loki's world was it.
The soft scurrying of tiny-clawed feet scratched inside the walls before three little balls of fur dashed out of a small crescent shaped hole in the baseboard.
We have a winner.
Charles hated seeing Loki this way, it remembered him too much of another troubled young man he formerly knew. Normally he would have never sought out Loki's thought's but At that moment looking into those lack luster green eyes the Professor saw no other alternative. He dearly wanted to assure himself that Loki would not give up on the life he had here.
Rogers placed his palm to his gland, still pristine and unmarked.
Short but sweet.
Growing up so poor, Steve hadn't had that luxury. He had to grow up fast and contribute to what was left of his broken family. Then his mother passed and he was alone.
“Yeah well, he's not. There's a lot of shit we haven't told anyone about and now its all coming back to bite us in the ass. I honestly don't know whats going to happen. He's...he's real bad off Tony. If I hadn't come back..well I'm just glad I did. You need to think about why you did this in the first place. Stevie and the kids.”
“You will present such a divine countenance in Miss. Stark’s great artistry, Miss. Potts.” He said, tone heavy with compliments, “You must remain ever so still, so that your beauty can be captured perfectly by Miss Stark’s gentle hand.”
When he finally slips back into the room, Tony’s chest rises and falls with the ease of someone fallen into deep sleep. Steve stares down, gut twisting. He can’t read too much into this, he can’t. Last time he fell like this lead to destruction, to a mortar shell set alight in his chest.
Maria sweeps through a couple thousand in Dolce, a few more thousand in Louis Vuitton. In between, she takes a lump of cash out an ATM. Happy makes a stop at a petrol station on the way to Stark Manor and buys a sim-only package Motorola mobile. The phone only calls one number -
“You would do well, now, Mr. Hammer, to stop before you forget yourself. You should remember you are not only talking of the family of Stark, a family that have looked after and guarded Highbury for generations, but also that of a decorated and highly beloved military Captain. And you, well, you are a vicar, you can be moved to other parishes at the people’s will.” Antonia’s fury will not be bridled now, not at the slight toward Steven, “I will ask you to be silent now, for I can forgive and forget what you were just about to utter should you remain quiet, and banish any vicious thoughts towards the Captain from your head. Otherwise the wrath of my family will come down on it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"And what?" Tony is incredulous.
, Steve's brain supplies, looks up, and blue connects with hazel brown.
Maria looks at him. Truly
Steve looks, really looks now, curiously and sadly, at the gorgeous figure before him. There will be time later, he vows, to ask who broke Tony apart and left him shattered.
As they were turning into the grounds, Mr. Odinson passed by on horseback. The gentlemen spoke of his horse.
Antonia’s voice trembles round a smile as she turns, “You are most welcome, Mr. Hammer as always. I think I only have one introduction to make. My darling friend, Miss Virginia Potts.”
“Pep,” Stark speaks for the first time since awkward introductions, “do you mind leaving us a minute?"
Steven’s mouth twists something fierce, an emotion Antonia cannot name flitting across his face, and Antonia continues, “Even if he has nothing else to recommend him than being well-grown and good looking, he will be a treasure at Highbury. We do not often see fine young men, well-bred and agreeable. Mr. Hammer is proof of that.”
Tony’s eventually calm again, though it takes him a moment or two to gather enough to ask, “Was it really that bad?”
Antonia often found herself walking through to the boarding school at her mother’s behest, who had society’s etiquette of keeping a friendship stoked drilled into her. So she found herself strolling there one morning, spotting Miss Hill sat outside in deep conversation with Mrs May, and waved enthusiastically in a manner not becoming for a young woman, but a manner good enough for Antonia Stark.
“Hmm? Oh, Tony, I’m sorry, I meant to only stay until you fell asleep then grab a sofa cushion to sleep on.” Steve flushes a gorgeous wine colour, Tony watching with a fascination as it spills across his cheeks.
After leaving Natasha, Steve sits in the kitchen for a while, watching the sun slowly reach up into the sky, and thinks to himself.
“I was just looking out for the team.” He says, voice rusty and croaky from lack of use and blood dried on the roof of his mouth. Tony, being Tony, realises this and hands him a glass of water without Steve even having to ask. Their hands brush, and rather than flinch away from the contact Tony briefly closes his eyes and reaches with his other hand to hold onto Steve’s. The touch is quick, not even long enough for Steve to react, before Tony appears to recharge and open his eyes.
He pulls one of Steve’s jumpers over his head. It’s far too large on him, he rolls the sleeves up in a well practiced move. The neck, stretched over time and well-thumbed use, slips to bare his shoulder every so often. He pushes it up every time it falls, and doesn’t think he imagines the faint smell of earth and fresh air and
“Antonia. I must speak with you as I have been used to do. I cannot see you behaving so without speaking my mind. Allow me this much. Badly done, Antonia. How could you be so unfeeling toward Miss Hill? So insolent? Your mother raised you better.”
