With a deep sigh, Jesus followed her.  He found her standing perfectly still, her eyes filled with tears.
“Well,” Bobby sighed, holding the bottle up. “Found it. How about we watch some Clint Eastwood movies?”
Simon cleared his throat. “We hunt all kinds of unholy abominations. Lycans. Shapeshifters. Estries. Dybbuks.”
Dean sat there in silence before he put the key in the ignition, turning the accessory function and radio on. With a wince, he reached down into his shoebox of cassette tapes, briefly rummaging through them before he pulled one out.
“Do you remember our brother? Do you remember how glorious he was? How powerful he was?” Uriel’s voice was filled with awe as he walked slowly back down towards Castiel. “Think of how much better Heaven would be under his rule.”
“Sorry Gigantor, I was a little preoccupied.” Dean winced as they walked down the steps of the church and over to a parking space where the Imapla was parked. “How the hell did you find me anyway?” He winced again as he climbed into the front passenger seat.
Dean paused, taking a deep breath. “Sammy. It’s-It’s me. I’m staying at Bobby’s…I don’t know where you are, but I really need you here, man.” Tears flooded Dean’s eyes. He quickly wiped them down his face with his hand. “If for some reason you can’t get here by tomorrow…I just want you to know that no matter what’s going on with you…you’re still my little brother.” Dean stared at the receiver before ending the call, hanging the phone back up with a clang. He leaned tensely against the kitchen counter.
“So, my brother told us that you’re demon hunters. Do you hunt anything else?” James asked looking at both of them.
Through hooded eyes caked in tears, he averted his gaze from Sam, shaking his head. “I—I can’t Sammy,” Dean sobbed, taking in a few shallow, ragged breaths.
Susan looked at Dean for a second. “I’ll say he does.” She walked over to Dean and hugged him. “As soon as we’re done taking care of that demon, I’m giving you a big bowl of that beef stew I’ve got going in the crockpot. You look like you could use a good meal.”
“You’ve got one hell of a savior complex, you know that?” Lisa shook her head and sighed. “You’ve gotta save everyone but yourself.” She stood up, taking a step closer to the circle. “You’ve done enough, Dean. Save yourself. Leave this place.”
“Bobby.” Dean’s voice shook. “It— it fucking hurts Bobby,” he sobbed, slowly pulling his shaking hands away from the side of his head as he sat himself up, glancing woozily around the bathroom.
Bobby paused for a second, staring at the body. There was no bloat in the stomach, no bruising or discoloration where the body met the cot. There was no blood dripping from Dean’s mouth or nose as there
“We needed to operate with the utmost discretion.”  Zachariah’s voice was detached as he circled Castiel. “Besides,” he scoffed. “After that money buys him a jug of wine or two Judas won't pay it any heed. Despite your clever little attempt at hiding The Nazarene and his followers, getting consent from him wasn’t difficult. All I had to do was go into his dreams and persuade him a little. Not shocking, really. After all, Judas knows
She had once been his field commander, the leader of his garrison. Castiel had always trusted her. She had seen him through many campaigns and missions. But she had also rebelled. She had hacked her grace out and fell to Earth where she was reborn as a human. Castiel watched her as she grew up the daughter of a church deacon in the Milton household. Despite the standing order to find her and bring her in, Castiel never told his superiors where she was. That was until Uriel found her grace, giving him no choice but to apprehend her.
Mary smirked as she waddled over to the bed. “No, because we’ll be naming him Dean, instead.” She slowly sat down on her side of the bed with a groan, her hand pressed against her stomach.
They were led into the detective's office. Detective Connolly, a tall man in his forties with balding auburn hair, rose from his seat and greeted them.
“Sure.” The waitress chuckled, tossing the rag onto the counter. “What I saw was an act of God. That’s the best way I can describe it.”
in the process. ” Ruby grabbed Sam’s hand. “Come on Sam, I haven’t steered you wrong before, have I?”
Castiel walked to the end of Dean’s bed, his gaze focusing on the man’s broken feet. Even though they were covered by a blanket, Castiel could see the faint glow of the wounds that marked them. Carefully, he placed his hands over each of the ankles. A light emanated from his hands, soaking through the fabric of the bedspread and into the skin and bone resting just underneath. He then moved over to the side of Dean’s bed and did the same to each of Dean’s wrists.
She dropped the wig onto her bed, a smile of recognition spreading across her thin face as she met Dean’s gaze. “You were at church today.”
Then he heard the sound of a woman screaming. It echoed off in the distance, down one of the dark corridors.
.” He sent a punch into Dean’s stomach. “Heaven did a good job cloaking you. You probably would have stayed that way too if weren’t for that faith healer looking into your heart. His wife dealing with black magic didn’t hurt either.”
“Are you kiddin’ me?” Dean shook his head, scoffing as he placed his duffle bag down on the floor. He glanced around the room. “A roof over my head? Soft, warm bed? Clean sheets? I couldn’t ask for more.
Castiel nodded. “As you wish.” She crouched down on the floor,  cupping his face in her hands. Light enveloped them. When the light faded, Jimmy- Castiel- stood up. Claire collapsed to the floor, crying.
He dropped the shotgun back to its former resting place. Sitting down on the bed, Dean kicked off his boots and leaned against the headboard. He took another swig of whiskey and the world began to blur once more. He put the bottle on the floor next to him and closed his eyes, enjoying the medicated tranquility before he had to fall asleep before the nightmares came. He drifted, quietly humming to himself.
Dean scoffed. “I don’t know, Sam, you sure seem poised for it with your whole “trusting Ruby”thing.”
When Sam started hunting with Dean, he would see Dean highlighting the more questionable chapters and verses. After he told Dean that he believed in angels, Dean would make a point of reading those passages out to him with a scoff and a shake of his head before shoving the bible back into the drawer.
“What am I gonna do? I can’t gank the guy. He’s not a demon. He’s just some poor schmuck. And I don’t feel like getting stoned tonight. Well, not
Dean scoffed, looking away. He shifted on the bed, his movements stilted and slow, before growing quiet once again.
The rabbi shifted his eyes; he let out a chuckle as he walked back over to Jesus. “Well, it’s certainly admirable that you want to be the savior of your people and while every man has the potential to become the Messiah—”
Uriel turned around, his gaze judgmental. “I didn’t try to kill Dean.” He paused, shrugging, as he walked down the steps of the pulpit. “Alastair was working with Lilith. He already wanted to kill Dean. I simply gave him the opportunity by removing those who would prevent Alastair from trying.”
After pulling them apart, Jesus ordered Judah to find some dry wood for a fire and James to help him set up the tents, if only to separate them for a while, but it was a futile effort. Judah found a way to make quips about the tent, and James berated him for getting wood that wasn’t dry enough.
This corpse was a far cry from the one Bobby had cleaned a year earlier when Dean had gone to Hell. That corpse had been a mauled mess of eviscerated organs and vicious hellhound bites. Bobby had to suture his torso back together to get him ready for burial. The smell had been awful.
Jesus shook his head. “Cain became a demon because he was jealous of his brother and slew him. Demons are the product of evil inclinations. They are souls that have been corrupted by wickedness,” he paused. “And they deceive.”
“Not anymore more than I normally do.” Dean shrugged. “I try to avoid demons as much as possible.” He cocked his head to the side. “So you're in The Life?”
Dean nodded. “Thanks. I appreciate it.” He watched Susan run her hand over her stomach for a moment. “Is it kicking?” he asked.
Dean shrugged sarcastically. “Gee, I don’t know, maybe because you possessed one of my disciples, made him betray me and got me nailed to a tree?” He glared at Zachariah, his expression dark. “If I wasn’t handcuffed, I’d stab you in the face.”
“And you’re supposed to fight each other? To the death? And take the planet along with you? Finish what Michael and Lucifer started when Michael chucked his baby brother Lucifer into the Pit?”
Dean’s body jerked violently up into the air, clawing at his neck. “Sammy! Stop!” He wheezed gasping. “Stop it!”
In an instant, the musty smell of old carpet and stale cigarette smoke changed into decay and sulfur. Dean found himself in the middle of a dark hallway covered in graffiti.
“Well, I can say ‘That’ll be five denarii’ in Aramaic now, so…”  Dean licked his lips. “So, one way or another, come Friday afternoon I’m  pretty sure I’m not gonna be here.”
Finally, Dean stirred awake. “Hey Sammy…” Dean’s voice came out more as a cry than a breath as he opened his eyes.
“No offense, but your brother’s a handful twenty-four seven, three-sixty five.” Ruby sighed.  She pulled a flask from the back pocket of her jeans and held it out to Sam. “Take this. You’re gonna need it.”
“I don’t have to do a mikvah or have a beit din or any of that? Because if I’m gonna do this, I’m gonna
Bobby had accepted it with little trouble, like it was a foregone conclusion. The only relief that brought Dean was knowing that he
Jesus' eyes narrowed as he stared into the man’s face. A horde of grotesque, demonic faces reflected back through it. “There are quite a few of you in there,” he said conversationally. In reality, there were so many Jesus couldn’t even count them.
Dean swallowed, closing his eyes. When he opened his eyes again, there were wounds in the centers of each of his palms. Crudely circular and
The demon wearing the priest turned around. Claire was standing next to the body of the Bishop. Her eyes glowed and a shadow of wings appeared behind her.
Dean studied her for a second. His gaze then turned a short distance down the hall where he saw the rest of the parishioners filing out of the sanctuary and into the vestibule. He watched as Joel, being led out by his mother, looked back at him and smiled. “Sure. It just so happens we’ve got something we need to talk to him about.”
so hard for you to keep it together? Fuck, boy. I was in The Pit for a century and I didn't break. Not once. The thought never even crossed my mind. But you? The so-called “Lamb of God”? You caved in thirty. You fucked the entire world all to hell. Why, because you couldn’t handle a little bit of pain?”
He had different priorities, a different future. Marriage and children were not to be a part of it. That was what he told himself during the long nights he spent alone out on the roof, away from the snores of his younger brothers when he had only night sky and the gentle hum of the angels to keep him company. It was during those the nights were he longed for nothing more than the warmth of a companion’s arms around him.
Jesus had loved the water as well. The Sea of Galilee was one of the few places he was ever truly at peace.  It was the only place that could cool the heat in his veins and calm the buzzing in his ears. So much so that the only time he truly ever got any rest was inside a fishing boat.
Jesus nodded, swallowing another bite of bread.  He raised the goatskin back to his lips. He spit it out immediately, wiping his mouth with his hand. The water had changed, becoming bitter on his tongue. Wine.
"You don’t need to worry. You’re not like other men.” Castiel said reassuringly. “You actually are what you will claim to be."
“Ya know, Sam, you’ve had a real shitty fuckin’ attitude lately,” Dean snapped. His eyes locked hard on Sam. “If I didn’t know any better, I’d almost say you were jealous
Shavuot had been always been difficult for him. It had been Sarah’s favorite festival, the last one his sister had attended before she died, a month before her seventh birthday.
:: Though Lucifer and Hell have always existed in the Supernatural universe, anthropologically they are concepts that evolved over time. Lucifer, has some (though not all) of his roots in the angel Samael who is referred to in various Jewish apocryphal texts as ‘HaSatan’ or ‘The Adversary’  and is said to have been cast down from Heaven by Michael. Likewise, Hell has its roots in the Jewish concept of Sheol, a realm of the dead were everyone – both righteous and unrighteous- went after death. A place similar to Hades in Greek mythology. Late second temple Judaism developed the concept of Gehenna, a section of Sheol were the wicked went after death to suffer.  While I can have Castiel and other angels refer to Lucifer and Hell as Lucifer and Hell, having Jesus refer them as such would be anachronistic.
Dean stood there for a long moment until he spoke. “Cas, I don’t know if you can hear me. I don’t know if you’re…
Dean’s eyes settled on a tree sitting in the front yard just beside the house. Without a second thought, he walked over to it. Placing the bottle against the base of the tree, he pressed his hand nervously against the bark, raising his eyes to the night sky, clear and brilliantly lit by the full moon.
The mass had reopened his wounds and this time, the bleeding had been worse.  The Eucharist, usually a balm to the pain, barely took the edge off.
. First sitting out on the front porch and then mindlessly cleaning the Impala. Now he was out there
Taking nothing but his prayer shawl, a bag containing a day’s ration of bread and a goatskin filled with enough water for two days, Jesus wandered out into the desert.
Sam didn’t follow him out and he was thankful for that. Dean went back into the street, pulling the hood of the sweatshirt he had under his jacket up over his head to hide and shield himself from the snow that had started to pick up. He headed down the street, his gate determined, but his mind meandering.
. Its case had gone missing years ago and its clear plastic and white lettering were scratched and turned yellow with age. Dean gave both sides of the tape a quick glance before he put it into the tape deck.
“It’s nothing.” Sam unlocked the driver’s side door, putting the pizza on the passenger side of the front seat. He paused for a moment, his fingers drumming on the hood. “I’ve just had a rough week. Dean can be a real handful when he’s sick.” He lied.
Dean’s blood streaked eyes had just begun to blur when he heard the office door kicked open, followed by Alastair being jerked violently away from him and hurled across the room as he collapsed onto the floor.
Sam fought back terror-ridden tears as he wrapped the rest of the gauze around Dean’s feet, the blood already soaking its way through the bandages. “Please for the love God, Dean. Just hang on.
Death himself, riding a white stallion and dressed in a long black toga, came to reap Jesus. Soon after, the ground quaked. The dead rose and walked out of their tombs and ossuaries. The sky began to bleed.
“You know it’s quarter after noon, right?” Sam called out, his voice laced with concern as he made his way down Bobby’s front porch, the screen door squeaking and slamming behind him. He set his eyes on Dean who was sitting on the trunk of the Impala, a metal flask in hand.
is the one who gave us the order.” Zachariah glared. “The final two seals are set to be broken before the festival ends. If the Nazarene wants to continue acting like a petulant child than
Sam slumped against it, his eyes vacant and fixed on the bathroom door opposite him. “He just passed out and then there was all this blood—”
Without saying a word, Dean walked over to them, looking at each of the tables as he passed by. One table had a bucket taking donations for a church renovation that was so full the people giving to it had to shove the bills and checks through the slit on the top. Another table had a huge plastic bin—half full with cans of tuna fish, vegetables, and boxes of pasta—sitting on the floor next to it. Its yellowing sign said it was going to a quarterly food drive for the Johnson County Homeless Shelter.
Castiel read his mind then, and briefly saw a face. One he didn’t know. A strange face with features he had never seen, but with those same green eyes. The face had a strange name in a language that didn't exist yet, but it was a name Castiel had always known, one that was seared within Castiel’s foundation as much as Jesus'. The Soul would dwell within that man, just as it done in many others, but that man would be as Jesus was. He too would be The Son.
Rufus grinned, taking a sip from his glass of Johnny Walker. He was quiet for a long moment until he spoke again. “What was it like?”
“No. What I am died out decades ago. I’m a scholar of the world unseen.” The priest paused. “I take it that
Dean’s eyes lowered to the floor. The pit in his stomach was growing larger by the second. After a moment, he lay down on the bed. He turned to his side with a hiss that was pain as much as it was sadness. He didn’t say anything, feeling heat prickle in the corner of his eyes. He knew if he spoke Sam would hear the tears in his voice
Dean brushed his short bangs over his forehead with his fingers, trying to cover the purple-tinted scars that marked it to no avail. For months he had always worn some sort of beanie to cover them, but he couldn’t wear one into a police station while posing as a FBI officer. Without it, Dean felt almost naked.
Quietly, Dean ducked into the bathroom and wrapped bandages around his torso, forehead, wrists, and ankles. He pulled a black beanie over his hair before leaving the store, hoping the ache would go away, or at the very least, not get any worse.
“I guess it isn't like riding a bike, Dean. I completely forgot to scourge you first. Silly me.” Alastair chuckled as he sauntered his way back over to the stake, a light jingling sound of glass following his footsteps. In his hand was a whip. Its thongs of leather had pieces of broken glass laced into the tips. “The Roman Flagrum. It’s a real thing of beauty, isn’t it?” Alastair’s voice was filled with awe as he examined it, walking slowly behind Dean. “Forty lashes can kill a man.”
::In stark contract to his portrayal in the gospels, according to both Philo and Josephus, two contemporary Jewish writers, Pontius Pilate was a man who ruled over Judea with an iron fist. He was a man of 'vindictiveness and furious temper' who was insensitive to Jewish sensibilities and would use excessive force to quell uprisings. According to Josephus, he was recalled to Rome by Emperor Tiberius in 36 CE for ordering the brutal massacre of a group of Samaritan pilgrims.
, Sam,” Dean snapped as he shoved his hands into the front pockets of his jacket. “Maybe Heaven’s starting to give up on me. Maybe they found themselves somebody else. That would be
He had the seen the men twice that day. Once when he healed a blind girl and again when he pulled a demon from a young man. Unlike most of the people who watched Jesus perform miracles, these two men seemed to be watching him more than the acts themselves. Whispering and arguing amongst each other.
As soon as the first word of the prayer fell from Dean’s lips, Naamah’s head jerked violently back, letting out a painful, bloodcurdling shriek. The smoky, black essence flew out of her mouth so quickly that it had already dissipated into a charred ring of burning ash and sulfur by the time the girl she’d left behind collapsed to the floor with a thud.
Ruby gasped just as the first taste of blood and sulfur washed over Sam’s teeth and tongue. Instantly, the pain in his temples receded. Smoke flowed through his veins, washing over him like a fog. Sam let out a satisfied groan.
Dean was dreaming. He was remembering.  This time, it was the sound of shattering pottery, cracking wood and spilling coins, shouting and chaos. A whip hewn from ropes he held so tightly it nearly burned the flesh of his hand.
Dean opened his eyes again to find her holding that vicious crown and the nails in her hands. She placed them on the nightstand before she sat herself down on the bed next to him, slowly lowering his head into her lap as she tenderly stroked his blemished forehead.
“Samael is an angel,” Jesus stated. “He tested Job on Hashem’s behalf. He is an adversary only to Humanity insofar that he tests our faith.”
It had taken him hours to pass out the night before, and when it did finally come, the sleep hadn’t brought him any relief. It had only brought him nightmares, just as it had every night since his resurrection. Every time he closed his eyes he was back The Pit, trapped with a grotesque, white-eyed monster and the sound of his own and others’ weeping, screaming, and pain.
Dean remembered Cas telling him about the Watchers falling in love with humans and how the beings that came from that love- the nephilim- had brought about the Great Flood. Such a love was an abomination.
The woman’s eyes went wide. She smiled, leaned in, and kissed him on the cheek. “Thank you, Lord,” she said softly.
Dean stayed hung up on the cross for a week, alone with nothing but the sound of his shaken and strained breathing. At first, the silence was a blessing. He used it to keep fighting the pain, the constant cycle of torso rising, nail pulling, and skin chaffing so he could breathe, but by the end of the fourth day he was longing for a death that he knew would never come. That
“I don’t smell anything…” Sam shot Dean a confused look as his fingers tensed slightly around the steering wheel.
Castiel pulled his hand out of Dean’s boxers, rising back to his feet. “You swear to me?” He breathed, planting an airy kiss on Dean’s mouth. The taste of blood and wine rushing over his lips.
Jesus paused for a long moment. “In every town I’ve visited, I’ve exorcized no more than one, maybe two demons. In the last fortnight that number has gone up to half a dozen. Today, I pulled out at least fifty from a single man.” He looked at Castiel. “What’s going on?
“Nice try.” Sam glared, glancing quickly into the kitchen where he watched Dean—hurt—pick himself up off the floor and limp over to the girl’s half-conscious and bleeding mother. “But you should know better. That’s not gonna work on me.”
“It’s no problem.” Dean cleared his throat. “Just… do me a favor and keep this to yourself, okay? Me and my brother like to keep this kinda stuff on the down-low as much as possible.” Dean shot her a nervous smile as his eyes took note of the silver cross hanging around her neck.
“Hello, Dean.” A smirk spread across the pastor’s face as his eyes flickered white. “Love the new look. Though I have to say I much prefer you bearing
page.” Dean gritted his teeth. “You and your boss Michael to go fuck yourselves. I’m not saying ‘yes’ to him. Ever. And I’m sure as hell not letting him use my corpse while my soul’s stuck in wherever the fuck this is.”
His eyes then glanced down to the worn gauze wrapped around his wrists and the thick blotches of crimson that stained the fronts and backs of them. Dean sighed, lowering his hands down to the comforter as his gaze shifted knowingly over to the end of Sam’s bed and to the angel sitting on it. “Ya know, I’m really not a fan of this fetish of yours, Cas. Watchin’ people sleep is creepy,” he rasped.
And they had. For twenty-nine years, Castiel watched over Dean. Now he had become something else. Logos. Mashiach. Emmanuel. The Alpha and the Omega. The Son of Man. The Son of God.
, you’re just a vessel. All you are is a glorified ape. Nothing more. That’s all you’ve ever been and all you ever
:: Jesus' Baptism in the Jordan River by John the Baptist is considered by the canonical gospels and by most historians to mark the start of Jesus' ministry.
Dean rolled his eyes as he ran a hand tensely through his hair. “Because the wounds haven’t healed and I smell like a fuckin’ Macy’s perfume counter!” He slammed the glass on the table. “Come on Sam!” He lifted himself up from the couch. “How I’ve been feeling? The dreams I’ve been having? I don’t know what’s goin’ on with me, but whatever the hell it is, it’s
He heard the screams when he was awake the same as when he slept. He heard them at the sight of blood and in the shrill cries of the people he saved during hunts. He heard the screams when he was sober. Sometimes, he even heard them when he was drunk.
“Jesus was supposed to be a Prophet and Messiah to his people. He was supposed to remove the yolk of Rome from their shoulders and take their pagan gods out of the Holy Land. Eventually, He was to help the Heavenly Host take back the Earth from the various pagan pantheons.” He took a deep breath. “But then Seals began to break, and that all changed. Instead, we needed him to take up arms against the Morning Star.”
Jesus' head bobbed to the side of the crowd, scanning it briefly. “I saw my brother in the crowd. He brought Ima and Miriamne here. If you want to help me, Castiel, you’ll make sure they’re safe.”
Castiel nodded. “It did a great deal, in fact. The moment he died, every hellgate on Earth closed—for a time—and any demon roaming the Earth perished instantly. Death, the Horseman, appeared to reap him. When he appeared, all the dead in Jerusalem rose from their graves,” he recounted. “That’s one of the few details the gospels actually got right.”
As soon as Dean was lying back down, Bobby stood up. Without a word, he walked over to the bathroom sink, washing his hands before he plopped himself on the toilet with a sharp groan. He pulled a flask out of the pocket of his jeans, knocking back more than a couple sips from it.
“That’s different. You had your brother there to keep an eye on you.” Bobby pointedly fixed his gaze on Dean. “Speaking of which, why
He thrust his sword, but Uriel managed to dodge it, knocking it out of his hand as he pinned Castiel against the back wall of the stage, just below the choir loft.
Dean was looking through a half-worn out parchment scroll of old Hebrew when he heard footsteps behind him.
. “It’s five o’clock somewhere, little brother.” A sad smile spread across Dean’s face as he toasted the flask, taking a sip from it. He went to take another sip, but closed it instead, tucking into his jacket.
Jesus fed the goats, patting them each on the top of the head before he headed to a covered alcove in the corner. Where a donkey would have resided in a wealthier home, were piles of wood instead. A large workbench rested against the long wall, his tools haphazardly stacked atop it. A leather tool bag rested on a hook.
“That so?” The man chuckled as he shifted his cane between his hands. “I was with Delta 1/3. What outfit was your Old Man with?”
“That depends. Shapeshifters and Lycans you have to stab in the heart with a silver blade. Estries you behead with a sword.” Simon paused. “Dybbuks you can fend off with a sling and rocks of salt or a bow with arrows hewn from acacia wood, but if you truly want to kill them you have to salt and burn the bodies of the deceased that the dybbuk came from. We do that to every abomination we kill.”
There was almost nothing Sam could do for Dean. Bobby was too far away and a hospital would ask too many questions. Medical care itself was almost futile beyond keeping the wounds bandaged.
Sam looked down at them. He swallowed hard, lifting his gaze back up. “My brother Dean is the one I’m worried about.” He paused. “He’s why I’m here."
Dean looked over to find Bobby sleeping in the chair, his empty glass lying tipped over in his lap. “Figures,” Dean scoffed. He got up and walked over to the chair, grabbing the glass and putting it on the coffee table. He stood absentmindedly staring at the television for a while before wandering into the kitchen. Dean grabbed his jacket from back of one of the chairs and made his way to the front door. On the way, he grabbed the half-full whiskey bottle from the coffee table and walked out onto Bobby’s front porch, closing the door behind him.
Walking into the living room, he saw Claire, and a beautiful woman, Ameila, Dean assumed, sitting on one couch. Sitting on the other loveseat across from them were two priests. Father DeMatteo- a younger man with curly brown hair wearing a standard clerical collar and blazer-and Bishop Tamsen- an older  man with gray balding gray and glasses- wore a large gilded crucifix around his neck around his clerical clothing and a ring on his finger.
Light-filled the room, white and luminous. Warm and inviting, the light washed over him, engulfing him like water. Instantly sober, Dean could hear the sound of wings.
Dean did his best to keep himself distracted by looking at the stained glass windows or skimming through the hymnal and missal books. He avoided the Stations of the Cross paintings that lined the walls of the church. Occasionally, he listened in on the prayers of the people in the pews around him. They echoed through Dean’s mind as much as his ears. Some, who seemed to be doing their yearly unloading of sins, were asking forgiveness. Other still were praying for loved ones.
Dean walked up the snow and late afternoon sunlight coated the sidewalk, ascending the stairs of the mint green and red two-floor bungalow. When he reached the porch he stopped, staring at the door. His eyes drifting over to the mezuzah hanging just outside the threshold of the door.
Every magician, priestess, and hunter in the city had tried and failed to remove the demons. Anyone with the power to remove them, they feared, was likely a demon themselves. Even after Jesus had them sprinkle him with salt and touch him with iron, they refused him and the Apostles access into the city.
Sam’s finger’s gripped tightly around the bottom of the back bumper. A moment passed before he asked quietly, “What happened to you in Hell, Dean?” This was a question Sam had both wanted and dreaded the answer to.
For a brief moment, Dean thought he was remembering in Hell, until the voice returned. It was screaming, almost crying.
As soon as the service ended, Sam and Dean jumped from their seats and started making their way out of the sanctuary, trying to weave themselves through the crowd as they moved briskly down the aisle. They only made it halfway before Dean saw something dart in front of him. His eyes lowered to find the boy standing there, staring up at him in awe and wonder.
Thursday evening came and went, leaving no new wounds or bruises. Not even a sensation of pain. The wounds that Dean already bore didn’t reopen either. Friday morning was equally uneventful and so far, Friday afternoon was proving to be the same. No wounds. No pain. No visions.
As Sam carried him out to the Impala, Dean caught sight of a half wiped away streak of blood on Sam’s face and hand.
Dean just stared at the cheese and meat covered pie. He could feel his stomach tightening and turning at very sight and smell of it. Taking a sip from his drink, he slid the box back to Sam. “No thanks, man. I’m good.” He shrugged, turning his gaze away from the pizza.
Then Castiel heard the sound of sandaled feet making contact with gravel and dirt behind him, far ahead of the squad. Castiel turned to find his one of higher ranking brothers standing there, the bright moonlight casting a shadow of wings under his vessel.
He watched as altar boys rushed to restock the tables behind him with fresh palm leaves for the next mass. Families filtered in slowly from the vestibule, picking up palms as they made their way to the pews their grandfathers probably claimed when the cathedral was built over a hundred years ago.
” Dean broke his gaze away from the nativity scene, setting it on Castiel who was sitting on one of the churches’ side steps.
Dean was also a man in pain who had scarcely left his bed for three days. He was barely even able to care for himself. Despite the sacred wounds having closed over into bruises, the bones and tendons in his wrists and ankles were still torn and shattered, rendering both his feet and hands almost useless.
“Before...you loved Miriamne. And even if you hadn’t, you knew that a relationship between us was forbidden. You may have had feelings for me but you never acted on them.” Castiel nodded. “I know you won’t act on them now.”
Rufus scoffed, offended. “Are you kidding me? That stuff is disgusting. Besides, it’s Ashkenaz wine. I’m Sephardi. If I’m gonna drink wine, it’s gonna be
“Typically a year. But if you're dedicated enough and show enough growth, you might be able to get it done in half that time.”
A vocalized ‘amen’ came out of Aleah’s mouth as both of them raised their heads. Dean gave her one last smile and kissed her forehead before he turned and left the room.
He paused, pursing his lips. “No. I’m good.” Dean pulled a twenty from his wallet, placing it on the counter. He climbed down from the stool. “Keep the change okay?”
The Sunday after getting the nail wounds, Dean had woken up to find the bones and tendons in his wrists and ankles completely healed. Though Dean wasn’t sure
Two days ago, a sharp twinge of pain between his fifth and sixth ribs woke him up from a dead sleep. There had been an undercurrent of fear in the back of his mind ever since.
By the time he had checked the Bethlehem Public Library’s hours of operation, taken a shower, and gotten dressed, the sun had fully risen. Dean was still sleeping when he left the motel room. Sam was thankful for that.
Jesus walked up to the podium and placed his hands on the handles of the scroll. The fire grew stronger, crackling and burning under his skin.
Dean was pouring himself another drink when Sam walked through the door. His face sank as he watched Sam put the pizza box on the coffee table and sit down on the other side of the couch.
Dean lay in his bed for a few moments in silence, trying to get back to sleep, but it was no use. He slowly pulled the pillow off his head and looked at the clock on the nightstand. It was almost eleven. “Son of a bitch,” he mumbled softly to himself. He hadn’t slept that late in years.
“Good,”  Jimmy let out a relieved sigh. “I want to see my family again. Especially my daughter Claire. It’s been so long since I’ve seen her.”
Castiel set his eyes on Golgotha, a small hill lined with posts on top of it. The two other men that had been sentenced were already getting nailed to their crosses. He could hear their screams in the distance.
Sorrow washed over him. Deep sorrow. Tears flooded his eyes as he sucked in a deep ragged breath, his eyes fixating on the ceiling.
As soon as the communion prayers ended, the bleeding stopped, but the ache continued. Dean remained seated through the rest of the mass and he stayed seated even after the church had cleared out, waiting for the ache to stop, his mind focused on a mantra of Latin.
Castiel was gone because he was protecting Dean. Because he loved Dean. Dean had killed him. He was a poison that bleached earth and foiled soil, like lye tossed on a dead body.
Bobby nodded.  As Dean started to make his way down the hall Bobby called out. “Hanukkah starts at sundown, by the way.”
with his body,” Bobby pleaded “It’s been three days. "If—" Bobby paused. "If Dean's not coming back we can’t
“Good.” Castiel wrapped his hands around Dean’s neck, kissing him deeply before he pushed himself away, detaching himself from Dean.
“That’s more like it.” Dean turned the volume up as he pulled out his parking spot and down the driveway.
“Technically, yes. But he was still a human. They could enact angelic justice upon him if his transgressions were deemed grave enough.” Castiel glanced down at the floor. “Not all of us wanted vengeance upon him.  Some angels thought his death was necessary, that it was the Will of Our Father.” He paused. “But not all of us. Most of my garrison tried to protect him, myself especially.”
“I know,” he said calmly. “I’ve been watching you since you climbed out of the river.” The angel turned another branch. “My garrison has been watching over you since you were in swaddling clothes, but we had orders to keep our distance until you were Chosen. You needed to commune with The Spirit of The Lord and I couldn’t interfere with that.”
As they reached the driveway, Dean fell to the ground. A heavy, invisible weight pressed down upon his shoulders. A dead weight that splintered and chaffed against his skin.
Not long after, the men gathered up their belongings and left the inn, heading into the street were they found Simon the Zealot hiding in an alleyway. He shared a few words with Jesus before joining them on their walk to the city gates.
The words tried to dislodge themselves from Dean’s throat as his eyes started to gloss over. “Down there… they
Dean gasped for air. His feet kicked helplessly as his hands tried to grasp desperately at Alastair’s forearm.
Jesus was gathering more firewood when he noticed a small group of men and women heading East through the hills. They were filled with fiery zeal and purpose, singing psalms as they traveled, almost as though they were headed to a new Promised Land. When they approached, Jesus invited them to share the campfire. Though they accepted, they stayed just long enough to warm themselves before leaving, thanking him for the hospitality.
Castiel grabbed his arm, twisting it backward. the demon screamed, collapsing to the floor. She placed her hand on top of his head. He let out a scream as a bright light came out of his mouth and eyes. His body collapsed to the floor.
Walking into the sanctuary, he found Uriel standing up near the pulpit, pacing around it. His footfalls were silent against the carpet.
people. So often, in fact, that healings had become staples of hunts as much as dug up graves and salt-filled shotgun shells. He could also see the true face of demons and sense the presence of angel grace. These were Signs of what Dean was becoming, of what he had
Dean paused for a second, taking a deep breath before he walked through the doorway, setting his eyes on a little girl sitting up in the hospital bed, brushing out a wig. “Hey kiddo.”
James and Judah had been bickering since they left the city. Judah, the younger of the two brothers, hadn’t helped the family pack before they left Jerusalem, choosing instead to go to the market. James, already annoyed at Judah for some disrespectful comments he had made to a cousin during the festival, confronted him, resulting in a shouting match in the middle of the road. As evening fell their bad moods, made all the worse by the rain, erupted into a rage and a fight broke out.
“I thought that stopped,” Bobby cocked an eyebrow at him. “They have wine here. You wanna order some Pinot Grigio? You could bless it-”
“You’re gonna let your pride get in the way of saving the world?” Zachariah cocked an eyebrow. “That’s not very
The rabbi blinked. “Well, if you insist.” He paused, clearing his throat. “The reading shall be done by Jesus bar Joseph.”
Before Sam could finish, Dean turned and marched back down the aisle, his finger pointed in the direction of the vestibule, anger plastered across his face. “There’s a box in the lobby taking donations for a homeless shelter. It’s been sitting there for a while too, by looks of it, and there’s next to nothing in it." Dean’s voice echoed throughout the sanctuary as he looked around it. “But that renovation bucket, on the other hand, looks like Scrooge McDuck’s bank vault. ‘Whatever you did to the least of these, you did to me.’ Or did you all somehow forget that?”
the same. They were pawns, chess pieces in a cosmic fight between brothers. Important but, ultimately, replaceable.
“That’s for your blood burning my meatsuit.” Ruby hissed. “And this is for you.”  She dug into her jacket, producing a wreath of twisted barbed wire. With a quick thrust, Ruby shoved it onto Dean’s head before stepping back out of the cell.
By the time they made it into town late that morning, Dean didn’t have many options left for what had caused his wounds. In Dad’s journal, nestled in-between entries about incorruptible saints and weeping statues, he found pages from a biography of Saint Francis of Assisi that seemed to explain the smell of roses and the wounds not healing, but Dean didn’t fit the lore in one crucial way. Dean wasn’t holy. In fact, he didn’t even have Faith to begin with.
to leave Sam.” He drummed his fingers against the wood of the table, faster than before. “The day after my birthday we went to this megachurch outside of Kansas City. The pastor was possessed by this big league demon. Alastair. He’s the one that had me in The Pit. He tried to kill me, but Sam got to him first using his psychic crap.”
Dean shook his head, roughly wiping away the tears with the back of his hand. He couldn’t meet John’s stern gaze.
She shrugged, looking at him sincerely. “You’re head of the house. And you’re still my big brother; even if you are little mad.”
“Yeah.” Sam cleared his throat. “So, we’re outside of Lafayette, Louisiana. Do you know of any hoodoo practitioner’s nearby?”
“A Jew stuck in a land filled with goys.” Rufus took a deep breath as he opened the door. “You better have brought some Johnnie with you.”
“Our Father.”  The demons hissed. “He’s going to take what rightfully belongs to him, what belongs to us. And there's nothing you or your feathered companions can do to stop him.” They let out a hearty chuckle.
“What was that Dean?” A sarcastically shocked look spread across Alastair’s face, his hand cupping his ear as he slowly walked over to the cross. “I didn’t hear you.”
churches. Quite a few actually.” Dean’s words were blunt. “Me being here doesn’t mean you’ve got a special lifeboat on the Titanic.”
The service began as most services did; a couple of songs performed by the church’s band and an opening prayer.
Dean gave Matt the rest of his money and put him on a bus to Minneapolis so that he could live with a more understanding aunt. Before he left, Dean hugged Matt, telling him with the upmost honesty that there was nothing wrong with him. He also healed the boy’s bad case of gonorrhea.
“…The Holy Hour.” Sam nodded as he popped his beer bottle open. “He was like that last Friday too.” He took a gulp from it.
“They do. The Stigmata are usually bestowed to act mainly as a source of inspiration to the mystic or to their Community of Faith. As such, the details of their appearance are affected by the collective perceptions of the Faithful. Artistic depictions of Christ’s suffering. Paintings, crucifixes, mosaics.” Castiel took the now bloodstained washcloth and red-tinted water bucket back into the bathroom, returning with a clean t-shirt.
“Come on Dean, you love pepperoni and hamburger pizza.” Sam chuckled, worried. “You’ve barely eaten anything all week. That’s not like you.”
After he finished packing his clothes, Dean pulled his leather jacket off and put on a hooded sweatshirt and his warmest winter coat. He placed his wallet and the flask into the coat before he folded up his leather one, placing it carefully in the back of the trunk. The last things Dean packed were his handgun, a silver knife, a container of salt, a bottle of holy water, and John’s journal.
Bishop Tamsen froze. He looked at Dean’s hands. He shot Dean a look.”If you are Christ...then you should have the marks of His Passion.”
When Dean had woken up Friday afternoon, shortly after three, he heard a knock on his door. Sister Joan walked into his room bearing clean bandages and clothes and helped him into the bathroom where he took a shower. After Dean was washed and dressed, she helped rewrap his wounds and change his bed sheets before she walked him down into the dining room for a bowl of tomato soup and crackers that he barely managed to take even two bites from. Sister Joan then walked Dean over to the church where the priest, one of her cousins, said a quick mass for Dean and gave him communion.
The light turned to a weak shade of yellow, then purple, then blue, until finally it disappeared, casting the church into total darkness.
While Simon the Zealot and the rest of Judas’ hunter clan worked tirelessly to slay the risen dead, Judas himself was nowhere to be found. As night fell, Castiel found his body swinging from an olive tree not far from Golgotha, the front of his tunic soaked in wine and bile. Castiel cut Judas down and placed his body back inside the cave near the Dead Sea he had originally been buried in.
Dean narrowed his eyes as he pulled over and stopped the Impala, barely remembering to take the keys out before he slammed the door and marched over to the cross. He ripped it out from the ground and, holding the spike, whacked the cross into the ground, hitting it against the dirt and grass until it broke in half. Breathing heavily, He threw the pieces into the field.
The rustle of wings sounded, along with feet walking on wet pavement. Castiel’s head turned in the direction of his brother, one that was under his command.
“Oh, Dean.” The demons smirked. “You might think you’re something special now that you’ve gotten your Super Mushroom, but you’re about as threatening to us as a baby lamb.”
“I’m gonna make myself stronger.” Steel tinged Dean’s words. “And I’m gonna stop this damn Apocalypse before it even begins and I’m gonna fix Sam.”
Defensive panic filled Dean’s voice as he made his way over to the Impala, throwing the grocery bags in the backseat. “I needed to see if I could do it and the guy needed it, alright? The VA’s probably giving him all manner of shit over his eyes anyways. Now he won’t have worry about it.”
Naamah retched, but no black smoke billowed out of her. Sam clenched his fingers tighter, his knuckles turning white. His arm was already shaking and a thin stream of blood had started to run down from one of his nostrils when he could hear the sound of Dean’s steel-toe boots moving across the linoleum of the kitchen floor.
Jimmy cleared his throat. “Well, I’m going to take a shower.” He undid his tie, tossing it on to one of the motel beds. “ I haven’t showered in six months. Or changed clothes.” He ripped the trench coat and blazer off, throwing them in a pile with the tie.
:: It's common for stigmatics to go into altered states of consciousness known as religious ecstasy. These trances are often revelatory, during which they will receive visions.
Immediately, Dean’s gaze went to his left shoulder, the shoulder with the handprint scar. He pulled Castiel’s hand off of it and stepped away from him.
“They spoke for a little while. Then the man finished his drink, left a huge tip, shook Brett’s hand, and left. “Next thing I know, I hear Brett yelling. I run over and see him staring into the mirror behind the liquor shelves, tears running down his face.” Martha paused, her voice turning into a low whisper. “His scars were completely gone. Not a single trace of them left.” She gestured over to the other side of the bar.
Dean marched across the street to the hotel and back up to the room, slamming the door behind him. He leaned his back against it briefly before he walked over to the room’s small end table where he took the liquor, eggnog, and cups out of the bag and quickly fixed himself a drink.
He was making his way back to the hotel, a grocery bag in hand containing a carton of eggnog, plastic cups, and a fifth of Captain Morgan when a woman stopped him on the sidewalk.
A hand wrapped around Dean’s upper right arm, pulling him away from the doors. “Dean we have to go!” Castiel’s gruff voice echoed through Dean’s ears. Panicked.
Dean climbed the steps of the bungalow’s porch, his feet shuffling against the century-old wood. It was an olive green Victorian, with a wide front porch and a big bay window, where Dean could see into the modest living room. It was a house Dean knew well, one that he was sure would give him some much needed hospitality.
.” His words were blunt. “These humans are cynical and barbaric. They’ll kill Dean just as they killed The Nazarene, just as they killed His cousin, The Baptist, before Him. Just as they’ve killed
Dean shook his head. He walked over to the TV, turning it on and flipping through the channels until he reached the weather channel.
Sam and Dean stayed at Bobby’s house that week. Even though Dean had regained most of his strength thanks to the wine, a hunt would have been impractical given what they would no doubt have to deal with in a week’s time. Bobby advised the same. It became a week of bar hopping and lurid sexual encounters. A week of research and prayer. A week of preparation for what the brothers assumed would be coming Thursday night, just as it had done for the last two weeks.
belong to you”, Castiel insisted, whispering. “Your name is imprinted upon it as much as his was. You are your own man and you always have been.”
Dean dragged his fingers against the length of one on his lower back. When he pulled his hand back around, specks of bright, fragrant blood coated the tips of them.
Dean collapsed to his knees as he cried out, his hands pressed firmly against his head. Blood had already started soaking through his beanie, leaving behind splotches of red against the olive green fabric.
“Wh— what are you doing?” Dean’s voice shook with panic, his eyes locked on Alastair as he watched him rummage through a table.
“Joel! Leave that man alone. What have I told you about talking to strangers? ” A woman with well-coiffed brown curls marched over to them. She shot Dean a nasty look, giving his flannel shirt and faded leather jacket a once-over as she started pushing Joel away.
“You’ve lived many times throughout history, Dean. Originally, your soul belonged to Adam. Later, it became the soul of Noah, Isaac, Joshua, Judah Maccabee and then, eventually, Jesus. After he died, it became the soul of the others until, finally, it became yours.  But out of all of them, only you and Jesus have the distinction of bearing The Soul and being The Son.” Castiel paused. “I wasn’t supposed to tell you this, Dean, but you need to know.”
Dean nodded, taking a deep breath as he drummed his hands on the booth table. ”It’ll take us a few days to bring you home. We’ll leave as soon as Bobby gets here with my car.”
“In that case, we’ll correspond through emails and phone calls so I can check in on you. See how you're doing. I’ll give you a list of similar synagogues so you can attend services. It’s important that you go even if you don’t believe in God. They’re cultural as much as they are religious.”
Dean’s eyes slammed shut as a guttural yell bellowed from his mouth. He cradled his bleeding wrist tightly in his other hand, trembling and drenched in crimson.
“Don’t worry, it’s John Winchester’s kid.” Jacob gestured to Dean. “He’s gonna help us with our little problem in the basement and he needs a place to stay for the night.”
They were halfway to the door when the pastor walked into the room. Dean’s eyes locked on him instantly, not the pastor, but to the being that now dwelled within him, a horrible creature with white eyes. “Alastair.” Dean’s voice shook and his eyes went wide.
“Last time I checked John wasn’t Jewish and Bobby ain’t Jewish either,” Rufus said. “ So turn the TV on kid.”
“Yeah sure, we’ll just get up and leave right in the middle of the damn sermon,” Dean whispered sarcastically. “That’s real fuckin’ inconspicuous, Sam.”
Soon after, the Torah scroll was taken out of out of the ark and paraded around the synagogue while the cantor chanted psalms. When the scroll came around to Jesus and he touched his fingers to it and kissed them, the spark within, always present, burst into flame. It only continued to spread through the Torah reading and blessings.
Dean paused, reluctant. “A heart defect.” He gazed at Susan. He watched her eyes grow wide and gloss over. “I kinda…
“Good.” Dean gently patted her head before turning to leave. He only got a couple steps before she called his name.
“Yes, it is, okay?” Dean said quickly. “I know what you’re thinking but I’m not a revenant or a demon or an angel or anything else, alright?”
As Zachariah started to lift his hand up, one of the soldiers began to glow. Light poured out of her mouth and eyes as she fell to the ground. Castiel was behind her. Angel sword in hand.
For thirty years Dean had forced himself to become used to the pain; every day Alastair came up with new ways to inflict it. Day after day, year after year of endless slicing, hacking, and carving. He forced himself to endure it, to accept it. This was his choice. He may have damned himself, but he would not give in to the temptation to make the pain go away at the cost of him doing the same to another.
kinda church yet, Sammy.” He shrugged. “Who knows, maybe they won’t be as bad as they look.” Dean breathed deeply as he made his way over to the door and walked inside, Sam following behind him.
Midmorning light filtered softly through the stained glass windows of the Cathedral. It reflected off the highly polished pews and illuminated the dust that drifted in the air, stirred up by the frenzied exodus of the parishioners of the the mass Dean had attended. They were long gone now, headed home for Sunday dinners and baseball games, but Dean was still there, sequestered in the last pew in the far left corner.
Sam stood in the bathroom, scrubbing his hands furiously. He could hear the sound of Ruby moaning through the door.
“Fine. Then we’ll impale you and rip your organs out. Hang them off of you like ornaments on a Christmas tree.” The demon smirked. “But first, you’re gonna watch us have a little fun.” He walked over to Jimmy, slamming the knife into his stomach, twisting it.”
Castiel turned around, looking at him. “Hello, Dean.” He watched him for a second. “You were bleeding. I can smell it. Are you alright?” He made his way quickly around the altar and down the steps.
“That’s blasphemy! This is a deception! A trick of the Adversary!” Bishop Tamsen scrambled to his feet. “If you claim to be Christ, then you must be The Beast. The Son of Perdition.”
He was about the cross the threshold when his mother walked in. Mary glanced down at the jug in his hand. “Makes sure you come back inside for morning meal,” she demanded. “We’re making honey cakes.”
Bobby was sitting at the kitchen table, threading a fishing pole. A second pole leaned against the table.
“We call ourselves Legion,” the demons chuckled sarcastically. “Not that knowing that will help you much. Not unless you know each and every one of our names.”
Though the wounds still glowed, Castiel watched for a moment as Dean’s fingers moved—once again fluid and unbroken—before he disappeared.
Then there was The Pain. Tearing, poking, scratching pain that ripped itself afresh across his back and drove into his head.
Then came a voice. But it was not one Dean had heard before. It was feminine and it wept, shaken and scared.
Sam was walking out of a pizzeria, pizza box in hand, having just paid a visit to the Rock Port First Lutheran Church, when he noticed a yellow Mustang sitting in the parking lot a few spots away from the Impala. A woman with dark hair was leaning her back against the driver’s side door. She was the first and last person Sam wanted to see. “Ruby…” Sam froze at the sight of her.
While Dean could do his best not to think about it before, now he was faced with a never-ending barrage of Christmas carols and nativity scenes, constant reminders of the conflict waging beneath his skin.
:: Though synagogues existed long before the destruction of the Temple, (especially in Jewish diaspora communities), their use for communal worship was not nearly as prevalent prior to the destruction of the Temple and subsequent expulsion of the Jewish people from Judea. Jesus visiting and preaching in synagogues, while not historically unlikely, is more a reflection of the times that the gospels were written in (post 70 CE) than the era in which he lived.
Despite all the Bible Study, Bobby had taken the news with little more than a brief look of shock and a couple of sighed expletives. Dean was
“I’m the angel charged with keeping watch over you,” he said simply over the crackling of the wood as he moved one of the charred branches with his fingers. “You prayed for help, so I came to your aid.”
Lisa’s face dropped its worried facade. She sat down on one of the pews, and Dean’s heart began to race.
.” Dean glared at the demonic face under her meatsuit. “I see you’re just as ugly as you’ve ever been.”
But weddings were also a time of questions. Questions about children, marriage arrangements, and proposals, questions that were, one way or another,
Dean repeated, his voice growing louder. Panic began to take hold of him. He was trapped. Alone. And the exorcism, for as many times as he had done it over the last couple of months, wasn’t working.
. Unpolished and rough, but melodic and gentle. Mournful. Dean mouthed the lyrics as he laid himself down across the front seat, tapping his foot to the drumbeat and mimicking the guitar chords with his hands. Soon the singing was intermingled with Dean’s own off-key and raspy voice. “Who knows? Not me. I never lost control. You're face to face with the man who sold the world.” Dean’s chest heaved sharply.
Sam scrunched his brow at him before turning his gaze to the water, now red and fermented.  Taking in a deep a breath, Sam unceremoniously dumped the wine into the basin of the tub before sitting on the floor next to Dean.
As soon as Castiel hands touched him, a smell flooded Dean’s nostrils. The stench of blood and sweat surrounding him. It was followed swiftly by the sound of shouts and jeers and cries. A voice—raspy and deep—whispered to him, begging him to let him stay. Standing before him was Castiel, but it wasn’t Castiel.  He had dark eyes and tanned skin wearing a rough wool tunic, but he bore same the expression on his face. One of guilt and anger, sadness and pity. He pressed his hand gently on Dean’s left shoulder and a bright light emanated from it, soaking into the raw skin.
Mary paused for a moment, wishing now that she had some iron, before she walked over to the radio and shut it off.
Anna paused, thinking for a long moment. “Demons didn't kill those angels. If they did, we would have known it.” She took a couple of steps down the sidewalk before she stopped and turned back around. “Where was Uriel stationed this morning?” Her face was serious and her voice leading. “When was the last time you saw him?”
Dean stood in the aisle for a moment, giving the church a final glance before he flung his duffle bag over his shoulder and walked back out into the winter chill. Dean could see the morning sun rising to the east, just above the horizon. He walked towards it, his tired eyes squinting against the light.
Sam let out a deep sigh of relief. He slid into the parking spot next to her car, just barely managing to put the Impala in park and shut the engine off before he climbed out and marched over to her.
Dean was silent for a long moment before he finally croaked out, “N— no.” His voice shook as much as his body did.
Even though Dean wasn’t a believer, he nevertheless appreciated the honesty and humility of those churches. The Methodist church would rather put the collection money towards a child’s medical bills than towards a new steeple. The Baptist church ran a soup kitchen and clothing drive after every service. Even the Pentecostal church that Dean wasn’t too thrilled with had some of the best homemade pie he’d ever eaten, courtesy of a bake sale.
He was afraid of what would happen if he couldn’t get stronger. He was equally afraid of what would happen if he did.
“My name is Judas of Kerioth.” Judas turned briefly and pointed at the other man wearing the mezuzah, exposing a long, thin scar across the palm of his right hand. “This is my cousin. He’s known as Simon the Zealot.”
“Why didn't you call me?” Bobby asked, his tone half concern, half anger. “We coulda locked his ass in the panic room and dried him out. In fact, we still can—”
Dean tossed his leather jacket and the room key onto the table before marching over to the kitchenette. He grabbed a half-drunk bottle of whiskey off the counter before sitting on the end of his bed.
He slammed the door shut as he marched out of the motel room. As he stepped onto the sidewalk, Dean stopped and looked at the bar across the street. He briefly deliberated going over there before he turned his gaze over to the far side of the building. Quiet and vacant, away from the motel patrons in the parking lot.
“That Lucifer is free? Yes.” Without saying another word, Castiel walked over to him. He pressed his hand on to Dean’s chest. Light radiated through from his palm, soaking through Dean’s clothes and down to his skin.
With that, Bobby and Dean turned to leave. They took a couple paces before Detective Connolly called out.
“Well, that’s the only thing I can think of, Dean. I mean they must have tortured you in The Pit. What if your memories are starting to manifest themselves… physically?”
With that, Castiel disappeared, the wind from his wings disturbing the fire for a second before they danced upwards towards the cave roof once more.
Even though the house was small in size, having only the main room, one small bedroom, and one storage room, it seemed empty. Over the years, eleven people had called this place home. Now only four remained.
him. Okay? I don’t care.” Dean paused, walking over to Castiel. Carefully, he reached up, ghosting his fingertips over the stubble of his cheek. “It doesn’t matter to me that you're an angel or that you’re wearing a guy for that matter.”
Dean had helped get her grace back. Dean had also protected her by standing up to him and Uriel when they had been sent after Anna.
Sam pulled his fingers out. He took Ruby’s jeans off, leaving her only in her panties before he wrapped his arms around her waist.
“Maybe not,” the demons chuckled. “But that doesn’t change the fact that each and every one of us want nothing more than to rip those lovely green eyes right out of your skull.”
Sam nodded. With Sam holding his torso and Bobby holding his feet, they carried Dean down into the basement. They dressed him in some old clothes Bobby had laying around and placed him on top of the cot.
“Fine.” The officer sighed. “But I don’t wanna get anymore complains about him squatting in here. You understand that?”
Sam checked his messages again. Nothing. He shoved this phone back into his hoodie, sighing angrily while he took another sip of coffee.
“But I could also hear your longing. What you want me to do to you. To your body. You are a dichotomy of Flesh and Spirit, Dean. A Sacred Mystery. Being in your presence is like...Ecstasy.”
Dean took a deep breath. “Sam drinks demon blood. It makes his powers stronger. Ruby’s his dealer and she’s got him cracked out real bad.”
Reaching down to the seat, Dean pulled a large paper cup out from a to-go tray and raised the straw to his lips, milk and chocolate rushing under his tongue.
When Dean placed his hand upon Sam’s head, no heat coursed through his body. For the first time since he’d begun healing people, there was no fire. No electricity. Nothing. Just cold and pain. Pain that Dean was sure would have led to his wounds reopening if Sam hadn’t pushed him away.
Air flooded into Dean’s lungs, filling his chest so fast it burned with pain. He gasped, his eyes snapping open. He sat up with a jolt. The first thing he noticed was the smell, or rather, the
Thoughts began to echo through his mind. The voice wasn’t Dean’s and it spoke in a language he didn’t recognize—but somehow
Dinah glanced down at his right hand. She cocked an eyebrow. “Why did you fight with Simon yesterday?” she asked, concerned.
“Yeah, it has,” Sam's eyes focused hard on Ruby as he stared down at her, roughly pulling her closer to him by her ornate belt buckle.
When she walked passed the pew, Dean lifted his head back up. He stayed quiet until he saw her take a seat near the altar. “I gotta get outta here, Cas,” he said desperately. “I can’t stay here. Not now.”
Everything was ready, he just had to wait. Aside from the bloody sweat that stopped some hours ago, nothing had happened.
Dean marched into the bathroom, slamming the door behind him. He leaned his back against it, wiping tears from his eyes. After a moment, he moved over to the sink, pulling off his shirt and the thin layer of gauze he had wrapped around him. He tossed the wrapping in the direction of the wastebasket, keeping his shirt in hand while he turned his back toward the bathroom mirror, his eyes staring at the brutal gashes and meatball surgery stitches that covered it.
“—We don’t have much time,” Castiel said quickly, walking over to the cross. “The other angels will be looking for me and Sam is on his way to break the final seal. You have to stop him.” He pulled the crown gently off of Dean’s head.
Dean went flying out of the entrance of the chapel and back into the hallway, skidding across the floor, sucking in air, and coughing as the chapel doors slammed shut.
heavily guarded. Ultimately, we couldn’t get to you in time.” Castiel’s voice was permeated with sadness. “The fact that I managed to pull you out before your soul was irrevocably damaged was nothing short of a miracle.”
had the power to ‘prevent Lucifer’s release’.” He paused, shrugging as he shoved his hands into the pockets of his jeans. “So… maybe Heaven’s pullin’ some kinda preemptive strike.”
A wooden building, painted white, set back on a deserted road made of little more than dirt and gravel, barely even a road at all.
.” His words were certain. “We’re going to be spared Hell on Earth the same way that we’re spared Hell when we die.”
He smiled at her, waving his hand as he walked into the room. The space looked lived-in; its walls were plastered with drawings and any extra shelf space had books, Barbie dolls, and stuffed animals resting on top of them. It was obvious the girl had been in the hospital for a long time.
James looked at him and scoffed. “They’re not the only ones, brother. You’ve put quite a bit away yourself.”
Dean cocked his eyebrow as he picked his beanie back up, running his hand through his hair, fixing it. “Hey, I’m not the one giving third base in a church."
Castiel watched him as he staggered to his feet, barely regaining his balance before he fell yet again. Two Roman soldiers whipped and kicked him, taunting him as they did so.
“Hello Dean,” Castiel’s voice rasped with the normal ethereal gravel that Dean was still trying to accept as
Mary was silent for a long moment. Her eyes then lowered down to her belly before they rose again. She swallowed hard. “…
you did it. I mean, all of five minutes before, he tossed you clean through a stained glass window like you were a Raggedy Ann doll.” Dean pulled his silver flask out of his leather jacket and took a sip from it, wincing at the taste. He looked down at it for second before he closed it, shoving it back into his pocket. “What changed?”
— own prayer shawl. Hand dyed and spun from wool, it always had the faint smell of olive wood. He had worn it during every Morning Prayer and synagogue service from the time he was thirteen years old. Sarah— his little sister—had made it for his bar mitzvah.
They entered the cell and grabbed Dean by the shoulders, dragging him face front out of the holding area and outside to the front of the police station, dropping him onto the steps.
Christmas was usually just another day for Dean. The previous Christmas, when Sam had tried so hard to make it a good one for him, had been first time he had even bothered with the holiday in years.
Dean put the ax back down. He stood up, leaning his body against the tree as he lifted his eyes up to the sky briefly before lowering them, running his hand down his face.
Dean licked his lips “Cas. It’s-” He paused, taking a deep breath. “Well I’m glad you’re okay with it. At least.”
Just before dawn, Jesus awoke. Almost as if he had planned it all along, he packed his bag and walked away from the tent. He didn’t get over the first hill before he felt something small and hard strike him on the shoulder, followed by James hissing his name.
He quickly shut the water off, making his way out of the bathroom and back over to the bed where Ruby was sitting, a bag of ice against the top of her naked hip. “I’m sorry Ruby. I don’t know why that happened.” He swallowed hard, trying to hide the panic in his voice.
Jesus did not speak for some time. “No. he won’t be.” He smiled sadly. “That’s a good thing. He’ll be a stronger man than I.”
Then, with a muffled cry that Dean tried to pass off as a cough, there was piercing agony in his wrists and ankles. It was pointed, throbbing, and caused tears to spring up in his eyes. As discreetly as he could manage, Dean stood up from the table and limped out into the street, looking desperately both ways, hoping to see a church. With any luck, he would be able to hide out there until the next evening, after he stopped bleeding.
“We can make this really easy.” Sam’s voice carried through the dark, dust-covered basement. He locked his gaze on the demon standing inside a spray-painted devil’s trap. It was wearing a teenage boy dressed in a black skate hoodie and jeans. One of Ruby’s hex bags was tied around his hands. “Or we can make it hard. Where’s Lilith?”
Dean grew silent. He shifted his gaze to the prayer card. He picked it up from the table, holding it tight between his shaking fingers. He stared at it for a long moment.
“And here I thought I had lost my touch. Then again, after you’ve done this a few thousand times, starting again is just like riding a bike.” Alastair smirked as he looked over his work, the two nails and ropes pinning Dean’s palms to the X-shaped fixture. He walked once around the base of it before he stopped, looking up at Dean with a grin. His white eyes sparkled in the dim lighting of the dungeon. “I told you about that, didn’t I? Spartacus’ Army. Six thousand rebel slaves along the
“Listen, Hashem,” Dean whispered, looking up at the night sky. “I gotta be honest with you, I’m not exactly looking forward to tomorrow.” He took a deep breath, his eyes glossing over. “I mean, I get it. It’s gotta happen, but I—” He blinked away tears, “I can’t— I can’t.”
After she was gone, Dean let out a deep sigh, pulling his sleeves back down before taking a sip of his coffee. “So I’m guessing I’m not what you were expecting.”
:: The Roman occupation of Judea, which lasted between 6 CE and 135 CE, was a very tumultuous time. Uprisings and messiah claimants were commonplace and most met violent ends at the hands of the Romans. Some of the best known ones were Simon of Perea, Judas of Galilee and Simon bar Kokhba.
When he was done washing, he entered the main room. He walked over to the table where Dinah was mixing honey and crushed walnuts.
, had erased all of them—all of The Pit—from his body, the same way they were trying to erase it from his soul.
The drunken chatter from a group of frat boys behind him combined with the sound of knives and forks clattering against plates did nothing for the broken glass like pain against his temples. He tossed his fork down onto the plate and pushed it away from him. Instead, he grabbed his mug of stale coffee and took a sip.
“R— Really? That so?” Dean chuckled awkwardly. His eyes shifted over to Sam, who was working his way back through the crowd.
:: Grant County, along with the rest of South Eastern Kansas and the Texas and Oklahoma panhandles, were some of the areas hardest hit by the Dust Bowl.
Dean’s eyes snapped open. All the sounds in the room were silenced; the buzzing of the bathroom light, Sam’s snoring, even the wind blowing outside. Everything ceased but the sound of Dean’s own breathing.
“Yeah.” Dean bit his lip. He heard feet shuffling on the motel carpet. He looked up, watching Jimmy walk into the motel room.
to follow him. They’ll think nothing of nailing Dean to a tree if it comes to it. Just like the Nazarene. Tell me, are you prepared to bear his cross as well?”
Rufus grew silent. His eyes moved up to the window, staring at the sun. “Enough talk of that. I’ve got more candles to light.”
Dean knew that, in reality, Sam had been exorcising demons with Ruby. They were probably getting very close to finding Lilith.
“One of my older siblings took it but beyond that, I don’t know what happened to it. No one does.” Castiel shrugged. “I can only assume that’s its atoms are strewn out among the stars.”
When the light dissipated, Uriel’s body lay motionless on the floor of the stage; a pair of charred black wings spread out under it.
Dean pulled the sandwich from the bag. He looked at it with uncertainty. When he finally took a bite, it was void of taste and flavor, and that single bite seemed to fill his stomach. He stared at the bacon and egg for a second before he rewrapped and shoved it back into the bag. Taking a sip from his coffee instead was just as unappealing, but at least it had the benefit of being warm. The very thought of the doughnut made his stomach turn.
.” Dean gave Bobby and Sam a couple of quick glances before he raised the glass to his lips, slowly drinking the shot. He let the wine sit in his mouth before he gulped it down, the bitter taste of blood washing over his tongue.
Sam had always been a man of faith. He had believed in God and angels long before he had actual proof of their existence. He prayed daily and had readily gone to mass with Jess and her family for the precious few Christmases and Easters they had together.
The three of them made their way down into the basement where an unconscious young woman with frizzy red hair, dressed in an oversized college hoodie and jeans, was tied to a chair. A devil’s trap was painted on the floor underneath her and her clothes had scorch marks where holy water had touched her. She also had two stab wounds in her stomach.
As soon as Dean’s feet hit the second-floor landing, Castiel turned and started to make his way through the kitchen to the front door.
Father Frati nodded and chuckled. “The Princeton Religions major. Come in.” He offered Sam some tea which was politely declined before he led Sam into his living room, gesturing to a couch for him to sit on while he himself sat in a recliner to the side. “So what can I help you with today, Sam?” he asked through a sip of his tea.
Sam shuffled out the side door of an abandoned barn, the gravel kicking up under his boots. In one of his hands was a gallon milk jug. In his other hand was a makeshift funnel made out of the top of a Pepsi bottle.
“It’s alright James.” Jesus nodded. “A prophet is welcome everywhere but in his hometown.” He looked pointedly at Simon. “Even his own family will reject him.”
“This?” Lucifer’s voice echoed through the fog, measured and calm, as he gestured to the area around him. “The Ninth layer of Hell. Better known as The Cage. You’re not
:: Shavuot, also called the Feast of Weeks and Pentecost, is a Jewish festival that commemorates God giving the Torah to Moses.  It is one of Three Pilgrimage Festivals, along with Passover and Sukkot, when the ancient Jewish people were commanded to visit the Temple in Jerusalem. After the destruction of the Temple in 70 CE, such requirements were no longer mandatory.
Ever since what happened on Christmas Eve, Dean had been batting around the idea of going to church. Dean knew as The Second Coming of Christ he probably
that,” Sam snapped. “It’s just after everything that’s happened this last year and a half—hell, everything that’s happened this past
“I’ll ask you again,” Castiel growled, his voice filling the stable while he paced inside it, his gaze focused on the demon tied to one of the stall gates. “What are you doing here?”
A moment later, the sound of the front door slamming shut followed the all too familiar sound of Sam’s feet running up the stairs, Bobby’s heavier steps following behind them.
recently Dean, that don’t seem to matter.” Bobby gestured to the handprint scar on Dean’s left shoulder, placing a clean shirt next to him on the table.
Sam didn’t say anything as he slammed the door behind him. He made it only as far as the bar next to the hotel where he sat down and texted Ruby. Six drinks, fifty dollars, and no reply later, Sam staggered back into the hotel room where he found Dean passed out cold on top of the covers. An empty Jim Beam bottle lay on its side, a small wet spot staining the bed spread. As quietly as he could manage, Sam pulled the covers over his brother and made his way into the bathroom, closing the door behind him.
“It’s okay Dean,” Bobby’s voice called out to him, panicked and dripping with fear, but never the less trying it’s best attempt at comfort. “You’re gonna be alright.”
Christmas. His last chance to drink rum-spiked eggnog and watch Sam open half-assed gifts bought at a gas station with a smile on his face. Dean wanted to make it count and he wanted to give Sam something fond to look back on the following years when he was gone, when Sam was
Dean watched as a little girl in a frilly dress pulled at her collar, scratching absently at the back of her neck. Her big brown eyes caught his gaze and she smiled, gap-toothed, as children often do: automatically, guileless and trusting even of strangers.
They only made it a few yards before Dean pulled his arm free from Sam’s grip. “No Sam,” he rasped, “I’ve gotta do this.”
“The Jordan. To follow John.” He glanced down at the rock his brother had thrown at him, still feeling its sting.
“Am I?” Zachariah cocked an eyebrow. “Your own father warned you about Sam. You know far better than anyone how far gone he is. How much
“Shit.” Dean jumped from the cot, all but stumbling out of it and ran to the door of the panic room, finding it closed, but not locked. He pushed the iron door open and ran out, climbing the basement stairs faster than he had run in months.  “Bobby!” he yelled.
“James. My brother. Yeah, Cas. I remember.” Dean shook his head, grabbing his flannel from the floor, throwing it back on. He shuffled himself over to the couch, sinking into it. “Fuck.” He pressed his hands into his eyes before running them through his hair. “This is only gonna get harder, isn’t it?”
“What do you mean?” Shock filled the woman’s face. “Of course you are. It’s our duty as true believers to spread the Gospel so that we can save as many people as possible from Damnation. We have to let them know that the
Still on the fence, Dean avoided going the Sunday after Christmas easily enough, choosing instead to drive through the night and morning across the country for a vengeful spirit case in Montana. But when they drove by the small Methodist Church on their way to the motel the next Saturday night, something about it just sat right with Dean. The following morning when he and Sam went to the service, he knew why: a seven-year-old girl with the voice of an angel, in the most sincere way he could mean it, had leukemia. Her family was so strapped for cash the church had taken a collection to help pay for her medical bills. Dean had been so moved by their act of love that he’d emptied his own pockets right there in the middle of the service, but it wasn’t enough.
Dean watched her walk down the sidewalk, taking a cellphone out of her jacket pocket before he shut the door. As soon the door was closed, he heard the sound of two shotguns pumping.
It was the first scream of many. Some took the form of groans. Others took the form prayers. Hours passed before the final one left his mouth.
The woman blinked at him. Hope and excitement then spread across her face as she watched him pick the Bible up. “That’s a great one to use, it’s not as intimidating. It’s forty dollars if you’d like to buy it.”
Sam watched Dean for a moment. “What’s going on?” Concern laced Sam’s voice as he walked over to him.
“Archangel Gabriel?” James thought for a second. “Do you think maybe you’re like Samson? Consecrated in the womb?” he asked. “Perhaps Abba was just…confused.”
“Well, a man walked in. Young. Drifter type. Handsome thing. But he looked like he’d hit ten miles of bad road. Tired and sick lookin’. Kid had nothing on him but the clothes on his back and a beat up duffle bag. The odd thing was he ordered nothing ‘cept a glass of wine in a low ball glass. Nursed the thing for a full hour too.” Martha recounted, leaning against the countertop.
With that, Judas walked away. Castiel watched him until he melted into the crowd. When Judas disappeared, Castiel made his way to the fortress.
Ruby opened her legs wide and Sam slid inside her with one deep thrust. He felt her nails scratching down his back as she cried out. He could feel the sting as blood welled up over his shoulder blades, but he didn't care. He thrusted, again and again, setting a brutal pace while he rubbed a thumb against Ruby’s clit.
Half the lights lit up in bright shades of green, red, blue, pink, and yellow. The other half was still dark.
. But if we’re passing through someplace and a service is going on?” Dean shrugged “Wouldn’t hurt, right?”
Sam nodded. Without saying a word, he looked around the bathroom. Finally he caught sight of a glass that was resting on top of the sink; he filled it with water before walking back over to Dean. Squatting down, Sam placed the glass to Dean’s lips.
The reading gave lead right into the pastor’s sermon. Sam and Dean gave each other wary looks as they watched the older, stout man stand at the pulpit, his voice booming across the sanctuary.
Castiel watched him for a moment. “I could wash you myself if you’d like.” His suggestion was nonchalant, yet sincere.
“Well, like you, I was betrothed once but—” Miriamne took a deep breath. “Hashem didn’t want me to get married.” Her voice turned sad. She didn’t say anything more.
Dean had seen the image of the crucified Jesus many times in churches and on the ends of water-swollen rosaries, more times than he could count. Mostly he saw it as a symbol of man’s vicious towards one another. Of what the powerful could do to the powerless. More rarely he saw it as a symbol of why he could never get behind the idea of God: the need of violence and blood sacrifice and a father allowing his son to die. Now it had become yet
“Excuse me.” She was standing on the sidewalk across the street from the hotel. As she walked over to Dean, she looked him over him and glanced judgmentally down at the bag in his hand. “Have you ever thought about God's love for you?” In her gloved hands was a small stack of mini New Testament Bibles. She held one out to him.
hope Dean gets better.” Ruby smiled. She pulled Sam into a quick hug, kissing him lightly on the cheek before she pulled away and walked back over to her Mustang.
They found him in a cave just outside the town. Though it was being used as a stable, dark and filled with the stench of animals, it was the only place where his mother and the midwife could get any privacy. The child’s mother was young; a teenager married during the previous summer harvest, little more than a child herself. She named the child Jesus, not as any grand gesture, but simply in honor of the great-uncle whose death marked his birth.
The last time had been when Dean healed Aleah, the young girl with Leukemia. He and Uriel had appeared to Dean just as he was leaving the hospital. They told him that the child’s death was preordained and that such actions would draw the wrong sort of attention to him. Dean responded by curing a young woman with AIDs and a Vietnam veteran with stage four esophageal cancer.
Sam and Dean were in a quiet New England town, one with more maple trees than it had people, dealing with the vengeful ghost of a young woman wrongfully hanged for witchcraft. She had already killed six descendants of her murderers following her posthumous pardon by the town, and it didn't appear that she was going to slow down any time soon.
He set his gaze on the angel tending a fire near the mouth of the cave. Jesus' goatskin and bag were sitting next to him by the fire, his prayer shawl meticulously folded and resting on top of the bag.
Jimmy shook his head. “No. All I remember is being suppressed. I could only hear him and then suddenly, I wasn’t and I couldn’t.”
She nodded, removing Dean’s boots. At the sight of Dean’s bloodstained socks, Sister Joan froze. Carefully, she peeled them and the blood-soaked gauze off of Dean’s feet and inspected the wounds.
“I just-” Dean paused. “Christmas just doesn’t mean anything to me anymore. Not that it ever really did. In fact, I kinda hate it.”
carried through the floorboards. There was another muffled voice, exchanging words with Dean’s in a strange cadence.
“Did you hear them? The Angels?” John whispered, still holding Jesus upright. Awed, his fingers griped Jesus’ shoulders even tighter. “They were speaking of you.”
The pastor continued, “As you know, last week my nephew, Joel, told me that an angel came to him. That Messenger of the Lord told him that for the first time in two thousand years, Christ walks the Earth.” He gestured to a nine-year-old boy sitting in a chair up on the stage. “Well, this angel has now told him that we’ve been Chosen. We are going to herald His Second Coming.”
“No. I was just a ‘servant of Heaven’.” Judas shook his head, glaring. “Asariel should have left me in Gehenna. I had enough blood on my hands. All you angels did was cake them with more. All you did was damn me more.”
Panicking, Dean checked his hands and feet over before stumbling back into the bedroom. He grabbed the clothes from his duffle bag, fumbling as he put them on. Once he was dressed, Dean plopped himself down in the armchair at the side of the bed, wincing sharply as he tried his best to calm himself.
“So much for leaving before the next mass,” Dean muttered to himself, head bowed, as he slid a palm frond reflexively through his fingers, feeling the slightly sharp edge of the leaf over on his calloused skin.
Bobby thought for a moment, focusing on the smell of roses that still lingered in the room.  “Maybe.” He took a deep breath. “Maybe Dean’s an Incorruptible.”
“Caire! Get back here!” Amelia ran over, grabbing Claire. She looked at Dean and Jimmy and glared. “You need to leave. Now. Before I call the cops. I don’t know what kind of Jim Jones crap you're pulling with my husband but you’re not going to pull that with our daughter.”
“I don’t mean to interrupt the reunion, but the padres’ eyes are burned out!” Bobby yelled, staring down at the lifeless bodies on the floor.
“I’m not confused!” Claire snapped. “She said Jesus is here and that I have to help him. That I’m the only one that can!”
Rufus put the candles in the candelabra, one on the far right, the other in the center. Then he lit them.
Dean scoffed wearily, biting his lip as he stood up from the bench. He walked over to one of the motel’s support pillars and leaned against it, lifting his head up to the sky. “He’s not giving me a choice, is He?” His salt-caked eyes squinted against weak sunlight.
“—I tried to give the purse back but Naomi wouldn’t take it. Michael wouldn’t take it, so I tossed the cursed thing,” Judas hissed. “Tell me Castiel, what sort of fate befalls the man who betrayed the Messiah?
“And even if he could be—” Dean bit his lip. “—even if he could be healed, the whole time I was gone, he never tracked me down. He’s a good hunter and between the bleeding wounds, miracles and spending a month in a convent, I wouldn’t have been that tricky to find. Sam didn’t look very hard. If he even looked at all.”
Sam opened his eyes shortly before dawn. He hadn’t really slept. He lay there, staring up at the ceiling, trying to fall asleep. Every now and then, he would glance over at his brother before forcing himself to look away, his mind racing from the events of the night before. He sat up and looked over at Dean, studying him.
“This man is in pain. Can’t you see that?” Sister Joan raised her voice slightly. “He doesn’t need a cell, he needs a bed and some food. Two things we are more than willing to give him.”
Sam glared at them as he marched over to the Impala and climbed into the driver’s seat, slamming the door behind him. He quickly started the car and barreled out of the parking lot.
Castiel clenched his fists. His voice turned desperate and he took a step forward. “Dean you must understand, this is long foretold—”
had to be some form of bad angelic humor and Sam’s jokes about there being ‘no room for them in the inn’.
Castiel shook his head. “No. He’s in Heaven. The wound was such that if I wasn’t possessing him he would die. He asked me to send him there. He...thought that I would appreciate it if I was alone in this body.”
Gently, so gently, grief flashing cold through his entire body, Bobby placed two fingers to Dean’s neck. There was no pulse.
“It’s faith, not works that bring you Salvation. The Apostle Paul said so!” a woman with short blond hair spat. She glared at Dean as she marched down the aisle and out of the sanctuary.
Sam stumbled out of the arm chair, placing the coffee cup haphazardly on the TV stand before he walked into the bathroom, coming out with a stack of fraying, pink tinted wraps as he walked over to Dean’s bed. A deep breath left Sam’s mouth he checked Dean’s vitals. “How are you feeling?”
Sam grew quiet. He slowly walked over to the bed, sitting down on the edge of it. His eyes locked on Dean before focusing on the bruises that marred his forehead, the reddish purple stark against his pale face. A long moment passed before Sam spoke again, “So…
“He’s awake. Just got outta the shower by the sound of it. Guessin’ it must be over,” Bobby sighed as he flipped through the book. He paused as he glanced over to a clock on the wall. “It’s passed three.”
But Elias kept droning on about the storefront he wanted Jesus to build for him. There was talk of payment, but never once did Elias mention his daughter. He didn’t even so much as look at her.
“You’re telling me I was destined to learn how to fire a gun at the age of six? To kill a man at age twelve? To kill werewolves at fourteen? To have to watch those closest to me get ripped to shreds by monsters? And you’re telling me that was my “destiny”?” Dean snapped.
At least twice, Castiel heard Jesus and James fighting. The fights took the form of Jesus ordering James to go back into the city followed by James steadfastly refusing. At first, they were hisses, and then they became shouts.
Sam picked the bag up and put it back into his pocket. “I need to find a way to fix him. Do you know of any manuscripts, spells, herbs or amulets—
Dean winced as he closed his eyes, waving Sam off weakly. Sam walked away and Dean curled his body into itself, wrapping his arms around his knees. He ached horribly, not just with the physical pain of the wounds, but with confusion, uncertainty, and something much more profound that he just couldn't put his finger on. He ached with
“Thanks, sons.” The man smiled as he carefully picked up and handed them flowers. “I appreciate the donation, and the politeness on top of it.”
Sam let out a disheartened chuckle as he walked over the bathroom sink, dumping the leftover water from Dean’s glass and refilling it before he rinsed his hands off. As he went to reach for the soap, Sam stared down at his hands and the traces of his brother’s blood, still encrusted into his cuticles and under the tips of his fingernails.
Sam shook his head. “No,” he said. “Just a reading.” Even though he was sure he could trust what Pamela had told him about the woman, he had to get a feel for her first.
Bobby shot him a look. “Quit bellyaching. You were a carpenter in a previous life. I think you can handle picking up one measly Christmas tree.”
Over the months, other visions had begun to haunt him as well. He dreamt of the sunrise reflecting against cool lake waters and dry desert air, cold nights and warm fires, the rough touch of wood grain under his callused fingers. There were voices Dean recognized and knew the names of, even though he had never heard them before. At least twice, Sam had grumbled that he was being kept awake at night thanks to the Aramaic Dean mumbled in his sleep.
The blood rushed over Sam’s lips, the bite of iron and sulfur coated his tongue, easing the pain of withdrawal. Bliss. Ecstasy. He threw the empty jug into the back of the trunk. He wiped his lips, sucking the remaining blood from the edge of his thumb.
Though Dean knew that Sam’s state was likely a product of eighteen hours of almost nonstop driving, save for a power nap or two, he knew just as well that it was a product of something else.
“No. Not anymore. ” Sister Joan shook her head. “But it started out that way. A demon had been possessing one of the Sisters. Me and my older sister went undercover as Sisters here for a couple weeks and after the job was over I joined.”
bad.” Dean looked at her, smirking slightly. "Zeppelin actually did a cover of a gospel song.” He put the CD down and picked up one of the Bibles with a Grunge style cover, skimming through it amusedly.
Sam placed his hands on Dean’s shoulders, walking him slowly out of the church. “You know Dean, I get that you were having an existential crisis, but it wouldn’t kill you to answer your phone. I tried calling you three times.”
Dean sat on the bench for a moment before he stood up, checking his watch. He sighed deeply. “Come on Sammy, it’s quarter till. If we go in now, we can probably still get good seats.” With that, he marched himself in the direction of the sanctuary door.
Bobby chuckled. “Fine son, have at it.” He started the car. “Just don’t have the damn thing blaring. I wanna keep my ear drums.”
Silence fell between the brothers for a moment before James cleared his throat. “Well,” He looked over at Jesus. “It looks like I’m coming with you after all.”
Mary glanced quickly over at John, fast asleep next to her, before she carefully climbed out of bed. Swallowing hard, she crouched down, pulling a silver knife out from the space between the mattress and box-spring before she left the room. She shut the door behind her, moving as quickly and silently down the hallway as her body would allow.
“Thanks. I’ll keep that in mind.” Dean nodded again as he took the Bible from her. His smile quickly faded from his face as he walked over to Sam, now sitting on one of the vestibule’s nicely cushioned benches. “Hey young man, have you accepted Jesus Christ as your personal Lord and Savior?” Dean shook his head as he sat down next to Sam, dropping the Bible into his lap.
The sky was still deep blue when Jesus woke, only a thin slice of orange had begun to cross the horizon. He could hear James and Joses sleeping next to him on their bed mats, Joses snoring loudly. Mary and his sister Dinah were talking quietly amongst themselves in a corner of the main room. They were kneading the dough, getting a head start on the cooking they had been barred from doing during the Sabbath.
“Crap,” Dean mumbled under his breath. He tugged anxiously at the sleeves of his leather jacket and his beanie, eyes darting around the sanctuary.
Dean’s screams rang out in a series of shrill sobs as they echoed through the dead space of the cold, dark room. The only other sound was the pounding of a hammer. His hoarse voice sounded in rhythm with the dull crack of a nail as it drove through his skin. It fragmented bone and sliced tendon, sending wave after wave of pain through his hand and down his outstretched arm as it lodged into the splintering wood.
Dean opened his eyes to find himself sitting on Bobby’s toilet, a blanket wrapped around his shoulders and the side of his body and face pressed against the bathroom wall. Peeling himself off the wall, he could see blotches of bright red sweat had stained the green wallpaper. Slowly, he stood up and glanced around the bathroom. On the floor was a makeshift bed made out of a musty old sleeping bag and bath towels. Sitting next to it was a first aid kit and rolls and rolls of gauze.
A sad smile spread across Dean’s face as he placed the card back down on the table. He rose from his chair quickly, his body wobbling. He took a single step away from the table before his head started spinning. Before he could collapse, Sam grabbed him. “I’m gonna put him to bed.”
Climbing out of the Chevelle, Dean was enveloped by the smell of cold lake water and trees. Leaning against the side of the car, he took in a deep contented breath, letting the cool, fresh air fill his lungs.
The men and women started to whisper among themselves. Some muttered comments about him being the carpenter’s son who they had always thought was little strange. Some said it was his time in the desert that turned him into a fanatic. Others joked that another young man in a neighboring village had done the same thing a few months ago and simply shrugged it off.
called? Coulda fooled me. I thought it was crucifixion.” A tired chuckle left Dean’s mouth as he glanced around the room, empty aside from the two of them. “Uriel bailed, huh?” He looked quickly at the clock on the nightstand. It was almost four. “Where’s Sam?” Dean’s question was equal parts concern and near indifference as he sat up with a pained hiss.
A third soldier ran over and shoved the other two away, berating them briefly before turning his gaze to Castiel. He looked at him for a moment before calling out. “You!” he yelled in Aramaic. “You get over there and help him carry that.” He walked over to Castiel and grabbed him by his arm. “At the rate he’s going, he’ll be dead before he gets to the damned hill,” Balthazar hissed.
“Right.” Dean grinned; he watched the demons’ hands, still gripped tightly around the arms of the chair. His voice boomed across the basement. “
“You’ve got no idea.” Sam’s brow furrowed as he extended his hand out, open and fingers spread, his eyes focused on Naamah. Her eyes grew wide with pain as her body started to spasm. Sam’s fingers and teeth clenched as she began to choke and gag.
Bible thumpers. That’s all.” Dean shrugged. He was quiet for a moment as he stared down at the frothy residue in the bottom of the cup before he placed it onto the table. “I’m goin’ out for a while.” His voice was blunt and somber.
Dean focused on details of the prayers, the names of loved ones and their illness, repeating them in his head like a mantra until little crackles of heat began to course through his veins.
“Like you, He didn’t want to destroy the planet. He was stubborn, and he refused to fight Lucifer. So instead of trying to force the matter, some of my siblings schemed to have him crucified, knowing that his death would reset the seals. And they wanted him killed for what they saw as an act of rebellion. Jesus went to the cross willingly, only so far as it was the only choice he had to prevent the destruction of the world.”
“Don’t,” James pleaded. “You know how Simon is. It’s not worth it. Just do what you came here to do.”
They made their way across the parking lot and up a flight of low, sprawling stairs that lead to a large, rectangular-shaped building that was nothing but brick and windows with Saint Cloud Police Department emblazoned on the side of it.
. But now when that time came, as Sam expected it would, Dean was more likely to die with a beatific look upon his face as he quoted archaic scripture. Willingly giving up his soul to The Father without a shred of fear.
“Well, Sister.” The officer chuckled. “Two parishioners called the station complaining about him and he’s been giving me all manner of lip. I’ve gotta do something with him.”
Dean shrugged. “It’s not a problem.” He dug into his jean pocket, taking out a piece of paper holding it out of the rolled-down window. “This is my number and Bobby’s. If anything happens, make sure you call one of us, okay?”
him. Dean not being able to heal him, more than anything else, would prove to Sam that he couldn’t be saved. That he was beyond redemption.
They made a pit stop just after crossing into New Jersey, where Sam made a phone call to a Catholic church in Hopewell. It was the only time Sam could ever remember Dean refusing the prospect of gas station cuisine.
:: In the Gospel of Matthew, Jesus is said to have asked his Apostles who is. The only one to answer is Simon son of Jonah who recognizes him as the Messiah. Jesus then nicknames him 'Peter' (Cephas in Aramaic) meaning 'Rock' and says that he is the rock on which he will build his church. Jesus also says that he will give Peter the 'keys of the kingdom of heaven'. This is believed by Catholics to be the founding the Papacy.
“You gonna be okay?” Dean asked, opening the front door. He set her down onto the ground and she swayed a little before shaking her head. “Do you need someone to drive you home?”
He was kneeling in an empty cell, his arms were slick with thick black blood up to his elbows. More blood splattered his face and naked torso. A knife sat on the floor next to him. The soul had been flayed. Ripped and burned. The palms burned ice cold where wounds refused to heal.  But there was something else on the soul. Scars. Scars that marked his side, wrists, ankles, back, and forehead. Old scars that healed over and faded lifetimes ago.  They burned with almost indictable heat, like a cooled ember.
A moment later, Ruby walked out of the bathroom, a towel wrapped around her chest. She walked over to the bed and laid down next to Sam, wrapping her arms around his waist.
blow up Lucifer’s Death Star.” Dean’s eyes narrowed as he looked back up at Sam. “I know you’ve got faith and I know you’re gonna try to find a… ‘silver-lining’ in this and that’s great, but
Sam darted over to Dean and lifted him up off the floor, sitting Dean on the edge of the bathtub where he cleaned and bandaged Dean's wounds, wrapping him in the two leftover gauze strips they had on the counter. He changed Dean’s shirt and threw a jacket on him before all but running him out to the Impala, sitting him in the front seat. “I’m taking you to Bobby. Just try to hang on," he said, his voice laced with fear and panic.
a family.” James raised his voice slightly. “Rachael and our child are buried in the tomb with Abba and Sarah." He paused, stepping closer to Jesus. “I was with you when Michael spoke to you. I’m
After a few steps, Castiel glanced at Jesus. “I could heal you,” Castiel said quietly. “Ease the pain at least.”
Castiel put the Bible he was skimming through down on the bed next to him. “While in a state of mystical ecstasy, you’re extremely vulnerable.” He rose from the end of the bed, his gaze focusing hard on Dean. “It’s my duty to protect and guard you while you’re communing with The Spirit.”
Ruby walked over to him, a quart of charcoal lighter fluid in her arm. “You know, Sam.” She glanced down at the pit, tossing the bottle into the pit. “She was
Dean hoped it was a good sign. That maybe, against all odds, he was getting better. Another part of him thought it was something more ominous, a last gasp of energy and drive before the inevitable. Dean ignored it while he spent the afternoon tuning up Bobby’s Chevelle. He ignored it still shortly after sunset while he and Bobby sat down for a dinner of burgers and beers.
“Don’t tell me that.” James spat, tears streaming down his cheeks. “I’m the reason he’s doing this.”
Without saying a word, Castiel walked over to him, throwing his arm around his shoulder. He walked him back over to Bobby’s front porch.
“You’re one kinky son of a bitch, you know that?” Dean sobbed bitterly as he made an attempt at a defiant chuckle, his body shaking with chill and shock.
The sand dunes turned into rocky hills and plateaus.  Half a day’s walk down one such plateau, Jesus came across a rock bluff with a sheer drop.  He walked along the edge, standing a few steps behind it. Slowly, he looked down at the sudden drop, into the deep canyon below.
Lisa stepped over the salt line. “Yes, you can. I can help you, Dean, just stay with me.” She wrapped her arms around him. “All you gotta do is nod your head and we can be in my bed, okay?” she whispered, leaning in to kiss him.
where Lilith is. Once we nab her, we’ll have Lilith in the bag. About time too, we’re getting down to the wire.”
In an instant, Sam raised his hand holding the hubcap, whacking it against Bobby’s temple. The sound of metal and cracking plastic filled Bobby’s ears.  His vision quickly blurred as he fell, striking the pavement with a thud.
—on stigmata. Why is that?” He stared briefly at the St. Francis of Assisi statue on the priest’s coffee table.
As soon as Dean got into the passenger side of the front seat, he closed his eyes, leaning his head against the window. Relief washed over him as Sam started the car. He wanted to put as many miles between him and that motel room as possible.
As they made their way down a hall to a side exit, the pastor’s wife ran up to them. “Lord?” she asked with excitement.
Groaning, Bobby limped his way back into the house and into the kitchen, grabbing an ice pack from the freezer and putting it to his head. He took out his cell phone and dialed Sam’s number.
Dean was sitting in a coffee shop trying to sip from the free coffee the barista had given him—that sadly tasted little better than ash—when it started. Pulsing twinges of pain emanated inside each of the bruises on his back. Soon the twinges split them open, turning them into bleeding wounds. Soon after, the pain moved to the bruises circling Dean’s temple as pointed pinpricks. After a while, they, too, ripped open his skin. Dean brushed his fingertips under the beanie, against the bandage around his forehead to make sure the blood wasn’t seeping through the gauze.
“I’ll be fine,” Dean said flatly, looking at his reflection in the Impala’s rearview mirror. “My FBI schtick ain’t
birthday was in March. I think. It’s whenever Purim is. This was Constantine’s idea.” Dean pointed to the tree.
:: 'Sons of God' is a term that appears in various Jewish texts, used to describe angels. It appears most notably in the book of Enoch, where angels have intercourse with human women and produce half angel/human hybrids known as 'Nephilim'. The term is separate from 'Son of God' which, according to Christian belief, is a messianic term.
. A terrible sadness that was piercing and tight, like barbed wire had been wrapped around his heart.
He walked over to the counter, eyeing the display case of pies and cakes in front of it as he greeted the waitress. Her white hair was tied up in a haphazard bun and there was a grease stain on her apron. She glanced up from wiping the counter with a dingy dishrag.
Sister Joan lifted Dean up from the hospital bed and out of the infirmary, taking him to one of the convent’s dormitories. The room was small, containing little more than a bed and desk. The only décor the room had was a silver crucifix hanging on the wall next to the window and a woven area rug near the entrance with a Key of Solomon devil’s trap painted on the floor under it. As soon as Sister Joan left, Dean lay down on the bed and fell sound asleep. He didn’t wake again until the following afternoon.
James was already there, pacing across the room. His face was etched with worry.  He was about to speak when his gaze locked on Miriamne. “Who’s this?” he cocked an eyebrow at his brother.
Sam walked out of the bathroom just as Dean was adding the eggnog to his three shots of rum. He chuckled. “You know what’s funny, Dean? We’re
“Sure fits the bill.” Dean stood up from his bed and grabbed his jacket off the kitchenette table, throwing it on.“How much time we got?”
