Steve reached his own orgasm filling Tony’s ass full of cum so much so that he could feel the small bulge in Tony’s belly, carefully withdrawing he quickly plugged Tony’s ass with a large black butt plug not wanting any cum to escape.
“Omega! You have just shown how little you have listened, I warned you when we discussed your diet with Bruce that you would have to follow it to the letter without complaint.  I was trying to help you adjust to you new feeding plan by offering you a reward for your good behaviour but you have thrown it back in my face!
Steve grabbed Pepper’s hair, shaking her roughly until she made eye contact, the glazed look disappearing as reality set back in.
He shoved three fingers into her cunt, fast and hard, as her bit her second alpha gland, drawing blood as he let his Saliva mix, tying them together on a pack level, never a personal one as with his omega.  He continued to finger fuck her as he pushed his cock into her dry hole, her startled grunt of pain so out of character to the usually sophisticated alpa bitch persona.  He matched each thrust of his cock with a hard stab of his fingers, his super strength making it easy.  Her grunts and cries as she fought against his strength, served only to make him harder and determined to bring her to heel.
The Iron Man Armour makes an appearance
Flash Back to meeting with Dr Banner and Dr Cho
Steve suddenly appeared looming over his writhing body, a smile stretched across his face, satisfaction shining from his eyes. The whole weight of the Captain’s body landed on him pressing him into the mattress, harsh lips swallowing the gasps of shock as his lungs ceased and he fought to breathe in air. He could feel Steve’s hard length against his thigh swelling and lengthening with each gasp he gave.
“Bruce you say his skeletal structure will be recalibrated during phase 2, does this mean that if you removed a longer length of bone our omega’s height could be further reduced without any detriment to his health?”
The arousal curling in his gut had him clenching down on his Alphas cocks, milking every last drop of cum possible.  Not even the throbbing of his healing brands could stop his orgasm rushing through his body, sending his body into a boneless state of bliss.
Steve stopped, there was no way he was doing that, it was dirty and not what an alpha did, he was willing to play the game, but he would never demean himself and act like an omega whore.
The bastard’s pup stays, l have saturated it in my scent and will do so every day until his stink is gone, then l will nip the little omega when she turns 3, then she will never be able to disobey me as she gets older.  She will be properly trained and when the time is right used used to seal a business deal or pack alliance, as will any other omega pups Tony has.
Bruce took his time answering, checking the readings from Jarvis’s monitoring of the omega.
Steve loved the sounds of his omega struggling for breath, wet eyes begging for the cock filling his mouth to be withdrawn.  Steve counted of the seconds knowing just how long Tony could last, practise made perfect and his omega had had lots of that over the past few weeks.
It was obvious that Winter was already sexually aroused by Tony’s scent by the amount of times he rutted against the blankets and jerked off.  What they wanted was for Winter to mate and bond Tony pup, see him as his omega and pack.  This would ensure that the Wolf did not just mount him once and then discard the bitch.
As he opens his lips to beg his daddy to take it out, daddy thrusts into his mouth, pushing deep into his throat.
Thankfully, Bucky wasn’t there, so he had staggered into the bathroom, stripping off and scrubbing himself clean of makeup and his cum.  Bucky hadn’t said anything when he returned just handed him his clothes and taken him out for breakfast.  Steve had buried the whole thing, never wanting to admit how hard he had gotten from the rub of the silk and the cheering and wolf whistles when he had won.
Stella entered his room shortly after the Avengers left, ready to give him yet another dreaded bed bath.  Totally ignoring all his protests, she had the blankets and sheet folded down at the bottom of the bed leaving him naked and blushing in front of an amused Steve who was sitting beside his bed, going over the paperwork that Pepper had left.
Steve and Winter watched with fascination as Hulk finger fucked their omega, the realisation that Hulk’s huge full- sized finger fitted their bitch’s hole thrilled them, giving them both all sorts of ideas for future play dates with the Hulk.  When Hulk finally withdrew his finger, Tony’s hole gaped wide open slick glistening as it dripped off the ruined ring of muscles.
“Shhhh Tony, it’s me Steve, you are safe and away from Him!  We are back home in our world he cannot hurt you anymore. You will never have to see or deal with that Bastard and his Pack ever again.
But there is one major difference, this alternate version of Tony Stark is an Omega Femme, on examining him we found that he has a fully formed omega vagina with the hymen still intact, the ultrasound revealed a fully developed uterus with healthy unblocked fallopian tubes and ovaries.  He has an undocked penis and has not been castrated, his anal passage contained a small plug, not enough to stimulate his prostrate but sizable enough to stop slick from leaking whilst in the company of any Alphas.  There was a birth control patch that we have now removed along with a further patch which contained Omega suppression pheromones. There were small traces of semen in his passage so it would appear he is sexually active but there is no mating bite or Alpha brand.”
She stared into Pepper’s eyes, her own flashing a glimpse of Alpha red, the new Beta Alpha should have been able to resist for longer but the omega hormones as minimal as they were, tipped the balance of power.  She smirked as Pepper reluctantly walked back and muttered an apology to Andre.
“Never going to get fed up with fucking your tight little boy cunt, your greedy little hole didn’t even need any prep to take my cock.  You are a greedy slut for cock, my own little knot bitch. You are so tight and hot; I am just going to have to fuck you all night.”
Steve could feel the challenge behind Thor’s words. Thor had acknowledged that Steve was a worthy Alpha to follow into battle but he wanted to see if he had the strength to bring such a wayward omega to heel and keep him there.
Unfortunately, the process of aging can not be halted or slowed down at this time, the serum that produced you has never been successfully recreated.  Still Tony is only twenty-four so you will have many years to enjoy your boy and new techniques in the field of plastic surgery are being discovered rapidly.”
Steve ran his hands over Tony’s cum filled belly, as he dug his fingers into the soft mass, he imagined what his omega would look like when his belly was swollen large with his babies.  He hoped that his omega’s tiny breasts would grow and fill with milk, that his pert nipples would drip pearls of white liquid, for him to feast on before the babies arrived.
“flyfille, such filthy sounds coming from out of you, see how wet and open you are to being fucked and abused.  Just a filthy Jotun omega, lowest of the low.
With no prep he punched into Tony’s back hole, even with the enema having loosened it slightly, it was still a tight fit and he had to force the length of his cock through the tight ring, the delicious screams of his omega filling his ears as he brutally fucked him, he made no effort to pleasure the bitch, to intent on knotting him and placing his first mark.  He took his time, biting and raking his nails over the omega’s back and ass.
Thor’s strode into the communal lounge, dragging a sobbing Loki behind him.
“Steve I am going to reset Friday’s programming and protocols around Tony, now that you are his Alpha there needs to be restrictions in place so that he cannot access certain data, the lab and especially the Iron Man armour without permission. I am going to bring online a new A.I. that will be dedicated to scientific research and running the Portal programming algorithm, I will restrict access to just myself for now as the program is incredibly sensitive.”
The powder blue satin drawers hugged his behind, the lace panel at the front highlighting his soft belly, giving a brief glimpse of his caged cock, the loose lace trimmed edges skimmed his thighs.  He couldn’t help but stroke the soft fabric as Steve settled them in place, he was further surprised when Steve slipped his arms into a loose camisole top, nimble fingers making quick work of the row of pearl buttons matching those on his drawers.
“Steve, Happy will be out back in five minutes, get Tony ready to go, we will deal with everything back at the tower.  Fury is sending Coulson and Hill to pick up Ty, come on someone is bound to have reported the disturbance.”
“I have a taken the liberty of ordering a few brands of omega food supplements, especially for pregnant omegas and have put together a feeding plan to ensure Tony gets the right nutrients to sustain him and the pups during his pregnancy and to also stimulate the production of his milk. I am working on the assumption that the pups will have some form of the serum and will be a constant drain on Tony’s body due to their enhanced metabolism.
Height wise, without the lifts in his shoes Tony is 5ft 7inches.  Reduction and increase in height is still experimental and extremely painful, trials so far have shown a maximum reduction or increase of up to 5 inches, the treatment can only be carried out once and there is no reversal once completed.   Mountain Rise has obtained a government medical licence to participate in medical trials using both forms of the drug, Mr Stark Rogers will be listed as a recipient for the bone growth procedure, but will unfortunately be one of the 1 in 50 in the trials that has an adverse reaction to the treatment.
His collar is no longer on him, l suspect that the locks released as his bond broke when he passed through the Portal.  The mating bites are still visible, but you should be able to create a bond, l am not sure of the strength or whether it will be reciprocal but it will certainly fulfil all the current legal requirements.
“Steve come on just fuck me already! I will eat your stupid omega mush afterwards even though it tastes like shit. At least if we eat in the kitchen I can wash away the taste with coffee.”
“I am Thanos, and I come to collect the Time Stone for my gauntlet.  You will surrender or die; the choice is yours.”
Within minutes Pepper was shivering, the cold air blasting at her skin, to her mortification she leaned further towards Clint, swallowing him down whole as she tried to seek the shelter of his body.  Natasha grabbed one of the longer strands of hair and cut close to the root, making sure that she dangles it in front of Pepper’s eyes.
She had not seen the President or BB since the day after the birth, he had fucked her mouth and splattered his cum over her body twice while BB watched. She was left with his scent covering her body and her mating mark torn and bloody once again.  To her horror she began to crave his company and the longer he did not appear the more desperate she became.  Her sex ached to be filled and she hated the emptiness of her womb.
“Kiss the flogger my Omega, thank it for the pleasure and punishment it has provided.”
Steve scooped up Tony as started to run towards the Medical Wing of the Compound, Bruce and the others following closely.
The Wolf pushed, he could smell blood, he wanted to mount is ‘pizda’s cyka.’  Winter pushed back, ‘not yet l am going to half knot his mouth, so that our cum settles him down, ready for your knot.’
Darcy watched from her crate, tears falling as he brutally assaulted her cousin, even though Betty Blue had been a complete bitch to her, she didn’t deserve to be treated so despicably and used so hard by her Alpha.  She dreaded to think how Betty would react to her dreams being broken, she hopped that Betty would run back to her family and the farm and forget everything.
“Sweetheart, Pepper and I drew the contract up and had the lawyers go over it to formalize the wording to make sure it is a binding a fully legal contract.”
Good now it’s time for you meet the new alpha scientists that will be working with me on my new project. But first bend over the chair so l can  start on filling your empty cum dump.”
The hounds tag teamed her until she passed out, having reasserted their dominance over their bitch they moved to the door, barking to be allowed to finally meet their pups.
“I need” Tony begged looking at him with heat blown eyes “I need..”
He added a strong touch of alpha tone to his voice and was pleased to see that Tony nodded even though he was staring down at his baby.  He would give them half an hour and then collect the baby and allow Steve to take Tony back to their suite, the nurse had expressed enough of the omega’s breast milk for the next twenty -four hours.  He would use that time to complete his experiments and then meet with Peter, the spiderling was concerned about Tony and apparently had also just presented and wanted to talk about his options, he had a feeling that he was going to enjoy spending time with Peter now that Tony was going to be to occupied with the baby and Steve.
There was a tingling round the base of his cock and balls, he reached down and tugged at the band, which slid easily if his cock.  Throwing it to the floor he took hold of his cock, stroking it just how he like it, he imagined it was Tony’s small hand gripping it,  nail dragging over his piss slit, before squeezing his head, ruby lips leaning down to suck his length into the warm heat of his mouth, he was so close he just needed the graze of teeth on his cock, that tightness of a  knot choking his mouth, a finger shoved up his ass as he swallowed his alpha’s cum, then he would be given permission to cum.
‘P…please don’t s..send me away.”
“Well don’t you look mighty fine, now place your hands behind your back, these cuffs will keep your hands immobile and once joined to your collar if you try to struggle the collar will tighten and cut off your air.
With some gentle prompting they managed to get a dazed Lady Sophia to sign the enclosed documents, passing full control of all her assets to her husband, abdicating her title immediately in favour of any female alpha child she might produce.  The most important and life changing they left until last, ‘The English Deed of Omega Ownership’ an archaic document that few realised still existed.
Even he was beginning to worry at how quiet Hydra and AIM had become recently. Coulson was the only one happy as it meant that the backlog of mission reports had finally been cleared by the Avengers, hence the amount of paperwork on his desk, as the Director he had to review and sign off on every one of them.  Coulson still would not tell him why he or Hill were not able to, for God sake they were his second in commands surely he could delegate at least the Avengers mission reports to Coulson as he was their Handler.
Grabbing hold of Betty he pressed her face up against the glass of the viewing room, sheathing his cock in her cunt.
Thankfully distance and time hand dulled the sharp edges but they still caused him pain if he allowed himself to dwell to deeply on them.
The gathered Avengers watched as the ultrasound wand ran over their pet’s stomach, just as the vet predicted the womb and breeding/birthing channel showed clearly on the monitor’s screen.
Chapter 65
As one they bite down on the swollen omega glands just as their knots pop, blood flooding their mouths as their bond snap back into place.  Their newly bonded omega goes pliant beneath them as there cum floods his insides, seeping through his stomach lining to bond with cells and tissue, forever binding them together.  Both Alphas leave a trail of bite marks across unblemished skin, lathing each pert nipple until the raw nubs are hard and weeping.  Winter shreds the stained corset so that they can watch the soft flesh of their omega distend and swell as their combined cum floods his stomach
Bruce watched as the photographer set up the shots, it was telling that Natasha was always standing forward of Pepper and that the lens was always centered on her face.  He could see that Pepper was irritated and frequently opened her mouth to say some thing but a hand on her wrist or a sharp glance from Natasha usually stopped her.
Natasha finds herself in Doctor Banner and Widow's presence, and it does not go well for her.
He could have cried with relief when the Anesthetist entered the room to inject his pre-meds, after that he was only vaguely aware of been wheeled out of his room and transferred onto the operating table, he welcomed that darkness as the anaesthetic claimed him.
Pulling Tony’s ass cheeks apart confirms that his hole is still loose and open after his internal examination.  Dead to the world his omega was still becoming aroused, slick dripping out coating his thighs.
Now that you are my omega, it is time to discuss what is expected of you with regards to The Avengers and Stark Industries.  I am willing to hear what you have to say after l have spoken, but l will not allow any shouting or disrespectful behaviour.
“Tupaya Pizda”
Stevie.
Keeping an omega unbalanced and unable to anticipate what his Alpha wanted was a method of training that meant more punishments for the omega but also shortened training time as the omega worked harder to obey and reduce the amount of disciplining that they had to endure.
“That’s it Tony, can you feel your body burning up, the bonding heat racing through your veins. Each wave of heat bringing you closer to me, to a full and unbreakable bond that you will never be able to escape from. You will be my Omega for the rest of your life, no one else will ever have you or be able to control you to the extent I will.
Right young Tony, once you have wiped off the gel, it will be time to weigh you.  Captain Rogers can you give me the weight of your omega’s plug so that I can calibrate the scale to take it into account.”
“Bucky what did I tell you about tormenting our omega whilst he is carrying, you know that he is off limits for your dark games, there are plenty of criminals and actual dirty whores for you to play with that won’t be missed.  You need to be careful who you chose, pick the wrong toy to play with or leave any evidence and even I will not be able to save you!”
You have one more attempt after I paddle your ass again, don’t disappoint me Petey, remember if you pass this test, you will get a reward, you want to please me don’t you Petey?  Failure means the Hulk gets to play with your cunt this time.”
Needless to say he had never in his life asked to be disciplined for his bad behaviour even when he knew he had stepped way over the line.  Pepper could rant and rave at him all she like for being irresponsible, rude and obnoxious when attending society events but could not physically chastise him if there was no link to Stark Industries.
I promise if you get me out of here right this minute I will stop drinking completely, I will take my meds properly and you can call that therapist you are always wanting me to see.  I will even go to board meetings and sleep when you want me too.  Please Steve this place is scary and that nurse gives me the creeps.!”
Wanting to see his baby’s face when he finally lost the battle with his bladder he flipped him over and started to rub circles on his stomach pressing a little harder each time, placing his other hand over the front of the diaper, he grinned when he felt the padding thicken and warm.
“That’s it, milk my knot, take my spend into your cunt, I want you to stink of me, to know that I can satisfy you just as much as your Alpha.  I hate that you are not my Tony, that you are alive when he may be dead, I hope for your sake that Natasha finds him soon.  Now that I have fucked you once I am not going to stop, you need it to ease your heat and you may be the closest I ever get to being with my omega.”
The Winter Soldier when tested was found to have the latent Wolf gene, Hydra scientists studied the Wolf  gene and purchased Wolf pets to experiment on, until they were nearly certain that they would be able to control and utilise the wolf side of the Winter Soldier.
When the official filmed segment hit the TV stations everyone watched how submissive and beautifully behaved you were, how you glowed when we talked about our pups.  The sight of your pregnant belly proudly displayed for all to see and your eagerness to bear more pups for your Alphas ensured that any dissenting Alphas were won over.”
Hearing the beep of watch alarm, he realised that the day had passed and it was time to reclaim his Omega.  Using a touch of his Alpha voice he commanded Tony to stop working and come out from the car he was under.
“During the years since my parents’ death, I have been an advocate for Omega Rights, I believed that omegas could live and work independently in our society and had no need to be bonded at an early age to an Alpha or answerable when un bonded to an Alpha family member.
Tony whole body flushed red with humiliation at the treatment being meted out, his mortification knew no bounds as his orgasm ripped through him and his swollen lips parted;
Thor and Steve used their strength to remove the wrecked armour, leaving the unconscious man in tight fitting under suit that was torn and bloodied.  Bruce performed a quick examination before allowing Steve to carry the still unconscious man up to the Medical Wing.
Steve could see the massive struggle it took for Tony to push up off their forearms, thigh muscles trembling as she forced her tired body to rise, until she was standing balanced on her toes, knees locked.
The pups were all eager for his attention, he manged to spend one on one time with each of them, before gathering them all into his nest for cuddles and stories.  The boys slept through them, but his three girls giggled and clapped as he wove tales of the daring Iron Omega who saved his Alphas time and time again from the evil villains who captured them, all whilst hiding his identity from his Alphas.
The pieces of torn blanket protected his feet somewhat from the sharp stones, he was still naked, his skin still too sensitive for the rough material of the blanket.  The barn was small, only a couple of empty stalls with dust covered milking apparatus, some buckets and strange leather harnesses, hook next to each stall.  The only things of used were two empty glass bottles with stoppers and a bag of what looked like oatmeal, a flint stone, and a wooden spoon.
Large hands clasping his hips were the only warning before Steve’s huge cock punched through his furled hole to fill his passage.  Steve set a bruising pace thrusting deep and hard, grinding his hips against Tony’s ass cheeks, hitting his prostrate with each thrust.
“Sir, my body belongs to my Alphas and they did what was necessary to prevent me from dying.  The arc reactor has been removed and due to Dr Banner’s research and treatment l am now healthy and whole.”
“How long will it take for Tony to stop craving Loki’s milk and will the weight disappear if he stops feeding on it?”
“ Ms Everheart, as you can see my omega is happy and content to kneel by my side.  With his true Alpha’s guidance and support he has finally embraced his omega nature and realised that as an omega he needs an Alpha to be complete.
When they have finished with you, Natasha will escort you to my office, Bruce will join us once he as finished the final adjustments to Tony’s lab.  Now be a good little Beta Bitch and take your punishment, afterwards we have a stack of new Government contracts to read through and decide on which ones are viable and will bring in the most revenue, Stark Industries Weapons Department is back in business!”
Pushing the door open, he fell into the cool darkness, collapsing on a wooden cot shoved in the corner of the room.  Closing his eyes, he let exhaustion take him, feeling safe and hopeful for the first time, perhaps now he could make plans to find Winter and their omega.
Steve forced his burgeoning knot past the ring gag, deep in to the wet cavern of his omega’s mouth, shuddering with arousal at the intense stimulation on his cock of his omega’s convulsive swallowing around the thick length forcing its way down his throat.
If you drop it then your daily 20 will restart again, until you get it right, do you understand?”
He checked that everything was on the floating pallet ready to be pushed through the portal, the Iron legionaries had done a perfect job crating up the omegas.
I can do work for Pepper under strict guidelines set by my Alphas, which is a lot easier to deal with that the constant pressure I used to be under as head of R&D.  Not being Iron Man hurts, but Steve has promised that under world ending circumstances and if I am not pregnant, I will be able to suit up.”
Panic started to set in and he thrashed and cried his breath coming in heavy gasps as he struggled to get free, to be able to grab and pull off the cage and ring, too rip the brand from his chest.  It was of no use though, he was weak and useless against the strength of his super soldier Alpha and his mind kept whispering insidiously that it was very, very wrong to fight his Alpha.
Steve just smirked and traced patterns in the cooling mess, reaching into his pocket he pulled out a small plug.  Pushing up her knees he pressed the plug into her cunt” getting it good and wet before pulling it out and shoving it in her tight asshole.
Now open that pretty mouth, there we go, that will keep your mouth open wide, ready to suck all my cabinet’s cocks.
“Now be a good bitch and pull it out in one go, l want to see your wrecked hole in all its glory so drop the plug straight away and pull your butt cheeks wide apart.
He hauled him up into his lap, the cuffs snapping before they could dislocate Stevie’s shoulders, forcing him down on to his burgeoning knot, kissing him hard, biting and nipping his lips and face, swallowing the wounded cries and mewls, each one sending a jolt of arousal straight to his cock.  He smirked at Stevie’s pathetic attempts to punch him, grabbing his arms and snapping the cuffs together behind his back.
Chapter 38
Thor’s laughter echoed through the throne room, Odin joining him.  He would take care never to get on the All Father’s bad side, he almost pitied his mother when she returned to Asgard, Odin’s punishments were always tailored to the crime the guilty one committed.
The work shop was the most secure area of the tower and Steve had decided quickly that it would be the safest place to keep his Omega if he had to leave him alone for an extended period of time.  JARVIS would be able to monitor him at all times and only Pepper or his secondary Alpha would be granted access.
Once again Steve kissed and sucked on the burnt flesh, his saliva hastening the healing. Removing his cock from his pants he stroked himself to completion as he carried on licking his omega’s skin.  He rubbed the resultant cum into the wounds as well, marking the brands with his scent.
Steve and Bucky were the only two to witness the still form of their broken omega being placed into the Cradle by Bruce and Dr Cho.  Dr Wu had departed his work done and the rest of the medical staff dismissed, they wanted no outsiders witnessing the recuperative powers of the Cradle.
The final detox.
Tony screamed, his breasts on fire as the blood flowed back in, a million sparks of heat as the feeling returned to his now unbound breasts.  Mortifyingly his asshole and pussy clenched before slick gushed out his ass and pussy juice squirted from his cunt as his climax shook his whole body, he could not even remember Steve removing his plugs.  Trembling through the aftershocks it took him awhile to realise that both Alphas were suckling at his breasts their hands not cupping his breasts clasped together over his stomach.
Steve had to hide his smile as Tony’s eyes welled up with tears, his bottom lip wobbling as he tried to hold back his sobs, Tony couldn’t stand disappointing Steve Rogers his husband, but when he turned the full force of his ‘Captain America is disappointed in you’ frown on Tony it always resulted in tears and pleas for forgiveness and promises that he would do better.
6.	You will be physically disciplined twice a day to ensure that you remain subservient and that any unbecoming behaviour due to your unruly omega pregnancy hormones are kept in check.  The spanking will take place morning and evening, any further bad behaviour will be dealt with but other means, Winter and I can be very creative, so I suggest you do not test us.
If you want it, let me hear you say it.  No more pretending that you aren’t anything but an omega whore, just three holes to be used and abused.”
Chapter 33
May’s body continued to betray her with yet another orgasm, even as she wept tears of sorrow for Ben, he had been the love of her life and she had never been with anyone else before him. The numerous orgasms Alpha Bruce was inflicting on her felt like a betrayal to his memory, god help her she had been so lonely the past two years, lacking physically and emotionally the bond she had had with him.  Now she could feel herself leaning towards Alpha Bruce’s touch, her body responding to his Alpha pheromones, the heat of arousal and need burning in her belly as he began to once again rhythmically slap her pussy as he pressed down on her back, squashing her swollen milk laden breasts against the padded  bench, until the surface was soaking in milk.
Tony spends time with his pups and the with his Alphas.
He was furious, that she could have infected him, he scraped the knife across her scalp over and over until there was nothing left but skin and a few cuts.  Next, he fitted her collar and bent her arms back into the leather sleeve, he didn’t care that she was silently weeping or that when he dragged her over to the stall he added more cuts and bruises to her legs when she could not crawl fast enough.
Once they had drained her milk, they placed her none to gently on the modified milking machine, that had been the bane to their own omega’s life.  It had been modified especially for the milk cow, to accommodate her fat clit, swollen cunt lips, and loose asshole.  The vibrating dildos gave small electric shocks if the stupid milk cow didn’t ride them as if she was on a trotting horse, the insides of the metal suction cups were covered in tiny pins that constantly pricked the thick teats and surrounding areola as they were milked.
“Congratulation Alpha Rogers your omega is pregnant and judging by the high hormone count with more than one pup.  A scan at 4 weeks will confirm how many and if things go to plan you can expect your omega to birth pups in six months.
Steve wanted a clear understanding of Banner’s position, he needed to know if he could be trusted or, was he just biding his time until they aligned the portals.  He knew that Jarvis was listening and would have all the records amended to show Pepper’s supposed crimes and would release the information and some doctored videos to Banners laptop.
I would like to acknowledge and thank Omega Winter Stark Rogers for showing me and all other omegas that there is nothing wrong with embracing our true nature.  I am ashamed that I denied such an worthy Alpha for so long and implore all dissident omegas to kneel and beg forgiveness for their sins and place themselves under the supervision of the Omega Registration Centres.
Tony howled and screamed behind his gag as the cane landed repeatedly on his bare skin, his ass cheeks and thighs burned and throbbed with each blow but what truly made him scream were that blows that landed on his plugged hole.  Tears streamed down his face as the nightmare continued, a firm hand grabbing hold of his caged cock and giving it a harsh yank had him opening his closed eyes.
“What the fuck was that! You just peed yourself, what the hell is wrong with you, what kind of perverse behaviour makes it ok to piss whilst we are knotted.”
The spiderling omega, was an interesting study last night. We have managed to reverse most of his enhancements, so while still retaining  a small amount of enhanced strength he now cannot produce webbing  and is not as agile, we have reduced his sight and hearing significantly to offset his remaining strength, it will  prove difficult for him to escape with such a handicap, he will wear a shock restraint collar, but otherwise will be naked, the studs need a bit of variety.  His skin is soft and pale and will show all the hounds claw marks beautifully, just like Betty’s.  Bruce took his virginity last night and even Banner took a turn, both said he made such pretty noises.  Bruce may  take him as his own at some stage, but will leave him to the hounds for now to break him in.
Thankfully at five months his stomach was to huge for the dreaded machine.  As the girls were growing bigger and required more feeds his breasts seemed to be going in to overdrive with the amount of milk they were producing, constantly uncomfortably full and nipples distended.  Humiliating as it was to have Clint, Natasha and on the rare occasion Bruce latch on and drink when the pack gathered in the communal lounge, it did provide another form of relief when his breasts became too full of an evening, especially now that the girls were sleeping through the night.
Now let’s get down to the limousine, Happy is bringing Pepper, he wants to show her off, her belly is huge with the triplets, after the Gala we are going to watch Pepper shoot some scenes for her new film ‘Pepper’s Space Piss Party’.
I would definitely fuck her if I had had a bit of flesh to hold on to.”
End of Flashback
There was no answer, he tried once more but got the same silence, just before he ended the call, he heard a muffled yes, the sound of gunshots and the screech of car tires.
He will be much more biddable and accommodating to my needs once his treatments are finished.  If he is a good bitch l might just buy him that pretty dress your husband is wearing, could I look at it a bit closer?”
As she milked his cock of a second load of cum he bit down on her second omega gland, teeth working to release the omega essence that he would suck out of her gland, which would finalise their bond.  It did not matter that he had forced the bond, she had no family or friends and it was her own fault for not agreeing.  Sated and satisfied that he could sense her through the bond, he lay down still joined to her, he would talk to Prof Hulk in the morning about the modifications he wanted done.
Spinning the Captain around Winter roughly kissed him before stepping away leaving the dazed Alpha slumped against the shower stall.
“Just as l said, fucking gets off on being treated like a submissive whore, just look at you, you have been fucked by everyone in this room today, kept naked and pumped full of cum, strapped to a milking machine and now are having your tits sucked on by Tony.
“If you are so desperate then you can do all the work.”
Bucky grinned down at the teary face of panicking omega. The spider gag strapped tightly to its head held the omega’s mouth wide open, both his and Steve’s cockheads were slowly pushing passed the stretched drool covered lips. Whilst Steve’s cock was both thick and long, Bucky’s dick was thinner and curved slightly as well as being slightly smaller in length. The curved head brushed the roof of the omega’s mouth causing him to choke, Steve’s firm grip held the bitch in place as they both fucked the wet hole.
Furious she turned her back on the two Alphas as she made her way into the ensuite.  Stripping off her ruined clothes she stepped into the shower, allowing the hot water to wash away all the filth covering her skin and hair.  It pissed her off that all her beauty products had been replaced, the unscented shampoo and shower gel so typical of male alphas, once dried she realised there was nothing but a thin silk bathrobe for her to wear.
The pain was excruciating as Winter’s teeth bit down past skin and muscle to scrape against bone.  Tony howled until his voice broke, but Winter pinned him  down, teeth buried deep into his shoulder as his saliva started to heal the wound, kiting back the flesh and torn muscles until all remained were raw, red scars.
Steve can't wait to get his cock back in his omega, Tony is a horny omega who makes a stupid promise that is bound to come back and bite him on the ass.
Happy has agreed to marry you so that no one will question why you are always pregnant, he has been pinning for you for years, but you have never given him a second look.  He will be your husband and your head of security and will be the only other person who will have the power to make you turn into our submissive little sex doll.”
The thin leather straps framed the stubby remains of the bitch’s cock, the exposed head red and dribbling.  Squeezing the nub hard he could see no real need for it, the Wolf agreed, it needed to go, but would be fun to tease and torment Tony with the threat of it for awhile.
“Has the bond worked and are you going to be branding or tattooing Mr Stark to confirm permanent ownership?  If so I have just one request, not on his face as it can cause offence in some countries he will need to visit for Stark Industry business.”
Spread your legs bitch, let’s see how wet your cunt is, l am going to prove that you are a just a slutty submissive, trying to pretend you are a dominant bitch.”
Hulk stirred restlessly, wanting to play with the alpha bitch, who’s scent had turned from angry to scared after seeing him make a partial facial appearance.
Five months into his second pregnancy and Tony was ready to kill the next pack member who stroked his huge naked belly or tugged on his leaking teats. He disliked being on continuous display, the only time it didn’t bother him was when he was hanging off one of his Alphas’ knots, high on Alpha pheromones and the rush of endorphins from his scent glans being bitten.
The vet had not been worried about his weight, Winter’s high metabolism meant he needed to eat a ridiculous amount of food to maintain his optimum weight, Hydra had obviously used this as a punishment, restricting his diet to make him easier to control.  Now that he was eating the right amount,, of calories the weight and lost muscle mass would be regained within a week.
He sees the not so subtle looks from Tony when the Avengers workout in the gym, how the pink tip of the younger man’s tongue darts out to lick his lips, how his pupils dilate when Steve lifts heavy weights, sweat dripping down his naked chest, his damp sweatpants clinging to his ass and cock.  He deliberately stands in front of the bench Tony is sitting on, his semi-hard cock on level with his little alpha’s face.  Tony’s eyes widen and he stammers out an excuse to leave, but Steve can smell the scent of arousal and watches as Tony all but runs out of the gym clutching his Stark Pad in front of his plumped up cock.
Thor parted Winter’s arse cheeks to tug out the large, thick plug, fingers tracing the gaping hole as the bound alpha let out a soft growl.  Thor moved down to stroke Winter’s thick muscular thighs, totally out of proportion to the greatly reduced mass of his upper body.  Between his stretch balls and overly muscles thighs he knew that the deposed alpha could only shuffle along with a wide legged stance.
Finally satisfied that she had been successfully bred he rolled off her, slapping her fleshy backside as he lay on his back.
He was all alone, wet, hungry and scared he could not help the pacifier muffled wail that escaped his liips
Steve took a deep breath, he knew what had to happen, but he needed to release his anger and talk through his decision with Tony.
After the pups are born, Petey will provide milk but Happy will raise them. I don’t want my assistant off work for more than a two weeks.  I will not be breeding him again straight away so you are welcome to impregnate him or have one of the others make used of his womb as long as he can do his job.”
Steve tugged on Tony’s bound tit to get him looking up at him, his stern face showing that he expected an answer quickly.
“Good girl Pepper, now you are going to sit on my cock and look pretty for the rest of the evening.  If you are offered cock to suck the you will do so on your knees and with enthusiasm in front of us all, after you will put yourself back my cock until Natasha escorts you back to your suite.”
Natasha laughed as she precisely cut her pancake into equal pieces and proceeded to eat them with great relish.
Fertility treatment had begun already and this would trigger his Omega’s heat within the next couple of weeks.  The Omega Obstetrician he and Pepper had bought in to look after Tony has assured him that between the fertility treatment drugs and the healing gene in Steve’s serum that Tony’s body had ingested through his cum, there was a higher percentage of a positive outcome to the treatment.
Tony writhed between his two Alphas, blood tingling with the awakening mating bond, his breasts ached the slightest pressure of Steve’s fingers made his nipples throb and burn.  He was so close to getting what he wanted he could feel it just out of his reach he just needed a final push from his Alphas.
Steve lay a black leather collar across his open palms the metal clasps on each end cold and heavy, the leather was supple and smooth no decoration or engraving. Simple but elegant it screamed of taste and wealth, it seemed that Steve had no qualms spending his money he thought bitterly.
“Needy bitch, isn’t he?   Nope not today Doll, you haven’t done anything to deserve it, Steve and I did all the work this morning, bitches got to earn their orgasms.
“Tony Stark-Rogers if you do not cease with your tantrum right this minute then you are going over my knee and having your backside smacked until you stop.  I am going to count to five, this is your final warning. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5!  That’s it!”
Tony grew up with his father telling him stories of Steve Rogers ‘Captain America’, the embodiment of all that makes a great man, a hero, the perfect Alpha.  He even allowed Tony into his memorabilia room, if he had been a particularly good boy and completed all the weapon designs he had been given.  The room was a shrine to Captain America and the Howling Commandos.
“Daddy, don’t like doctor, no wann’a see him anymore.”
Captain Rogers this film is going to make a fortune as is, but the final scene if you allow him to take part will guarantee us a fortune.  You know the name of the film, this golden shower scene is essential, and the watchers are going to pay top dollar to see the pair of them.  It will be good with just Pepper but look at your little slut, he is pure gold in front of the camera.”
Steve and Natasha finally manage to get Tony, but Natasha is not convinced that he is their Tony.
Pepper just stares at Bruce, there is no way that she would let herself be mated off, she was an Alpha and would choose her own omega, wouldn’t she?  She couldn’t help feeling slightly apprehensive at the thought of going against her Pack Alpha, and anyway it had to be truly consensual on the omega’s part so that they could be fully fertile and easily bred.
Omega numbers have dropped in recent years as more of them have chosen to take illegal suppressants or run away to more liberal countries where they can choose not to bond.  But things are coming full circle, even the more liberal countries have realised that birth rates are dropping rapidly, omegas are becoming more uncommon as only an Alpha/Omega bond can produce omega pups.  The number of Alphas is far greater than omegas and Alpha feral ruts are becoming more common.
On entering the room, he could hear Tony was in some distress, rushing to his bedside he pulled the covers back to reveal his shaking and sobbing omega.  Gently pulling Tony’s mitt covered hands away from his face he wiped away the tears covering his reddened cheeks.
He could hold each breast in his hands, the soft flesh yielding to his grasp, as milk trickled over his fingers. It was trial and error the first couple of times to get the right amount of pressure on the nipples to release the milk in a steady stream into the bowl.  He could see by Stark’s leaking cunt that he was turned on by the milking, rocking his hips with each tug, whining through his muzzle as he spent minutes emptying each breast. Once the tits were no longer round and full but sagging slightly, he would remove the bowl and slide into the wet heat of Stark’s pussy or back hole, he would fuck the omega long and slow as he watch through the window for any sign of Natasha.
A few of the board members chuckled and muttered their approval at Steve’s words, unclipping the leash he motioned for Tony to get started.
There was an overall softening and reduction in muscle mass, this was unavoidable in bonded Omegas as in times past the only thing an Omega was used for after bonding was to carry and birth children, they had no other duties to perform and Alpha’s had much preferred soft malleable bodies to bend to their will.
“Just so Captain, I have been looking at the results on the way up and can confirm that the greater quantity of milk produced was from the timed milking, feeding and rest period system.  By not fully draining his milk each session, the time taken for his breasts to refill is less.  The quantity of milk produced during each 3 hour session is more than sufficient to meet the demands of several hungry pups whilst even leaving a measured amount for Alpha consumption and storage.
Tony silently read through all the data, asking Jarvis occasionally to expand the 3D holograms of his heart and chest cavity, unable to use his hands he had |Jarvis amended certain measurements and access the hidden files with his medical records containing details of the original surgery and arc reactor.  He could see Steve frown as he rattled of the codes to those files, files that Steve and Winter had no prior knowledge of, he knew that he was going to be punished for keeping them secret.
“Mr President, its midnight and now my birthday, do you have a present for me? Something hard and thick and long, which is going to change my life.”
Steve and Winter laugh as their omega unconsciously undulates his hips trying to get his fingers to go deeper then mewling with displeasure when his pussy is suddenly empty.
“Noooooo! That’s not right I am supposed to be an omega or an Alpha.  Fuck, you need to get your knot out, you are ripping me apart.  What the fucking hell made you knot me, you dickhead!  You must have smelled the change in my pheromones, there is no way that you didn’t pick up me designation.”
The Captain had been elusive all week, only making a few appearances for dinner but without his omega.  He had disappeared with the Widow and Potts to S.I. head office, the omega crate covered and loaded into the boot of the SUV most mornings, but as both Steve and herself were not on their security detail they didn’t know where else he was going, often car would return mid afternoon with the omega crate, but no Captain.  They would invariably arrive by helicoptering in the evening.
Tony's therapist does not have his best interests at heart, well what do you expect from the staff at
Finally sated he waits for his knot to deflate, and once his is able he slides out and quickly replaces his cock with a medium size plug, shushing any protests with kisses and Alpha words. He arranges Tony so he is snug against his chest his cock nestled between his little alpha’s thighs. His large arms pull him closer as he entangles their legs, he nuzzles the semi soft gland on the side of Tony’s neck. Tony is trapped within the strength of his body and he has no intentions of ever letting him go.
Once his knot deflated enough that he could pull out he flipped her over on to her stomach, grabbing her hips he pulled her arse up so he could rip out the plug and press his cock into her now gaping hole.  He didn’t bother with her pleasure, she would have to get used to not coming, he didn’t have time for spoilt omegas.  She would get to come only when he allowed it and that would be on a very rare occasion.
Natty floated on a cloud of calming pheromones right up until Brutus mounted her, then reality flooded back in as the agony of his enormous cock ripped into the already tender flesh of her pussy, she trashed in her bonds, wailing and screaming out her fear, anger and heartbreak.  Zeus worried at the straps of her ball gag until the leather gave way and if fell off, sanding on his hind legs, his front resting on the bar her hands were tied too, he stabbed at her face until his cock caught her mouth, growling at her to open up he nipped at her bound hands until she widened her lips and took him in.
“Well done Dr Cho, once again your creative thinking shows how much you are invested in the wellbeing of the Alpha Avengers.”
Needless to say Tony had not managed to stay still or silent during the whole process and an exasperated Steve had finally fitted a large ball gag in his omega’s mouth and strapped him down on the chair so he could finish his work in peace.
So l told her what happened and how l never stopped looking for her or my omega.  She is so smart and with my guidance is going to grow up to be a formidable Alpha.
Steve went out of his way to walk through the main Stark Industries offices, stopping, and chatting to department heads as Tony sank gracefully to his knees each time, his eyes down cast. He was proud of Tony for complying and planed on giving him a reward later, he knew that Tony had suffered greatly with Him, but he could not help but think of all those security videos that he and Natasha had watched of Tony’s training and punishments and in every one of them when allowed the omega had come on demand and screamed with pleasure. He could never get out of his head the first time he had watched as Tony had peed himself when being fucked, and when at the cabin it had happened with him, it had set something loose in himself and broken down his inhibitions about how he thought he would test his own omega.
“Mmmm, not bad at all, sweet but not too much, could be creamier but that comes with the correct diet and being repeatedly bred.  The richest milk is that of a cow just before and after they have birthed, you get premium price for that.”
Steve had intended to fuck Tony’s mouth next but was loath to stop swallowing down his omega’s milk.  Taking no notice of Tony’s winches and moans he latched on to his other nipple sucking hard to release the milk.
On occasion Pepper disappeared with Mistress, coming back stinking of human cum. Raider would rip off whatever clothes she was wearing, and the hounds would all scent mark her then take their turns fucking all her holes. One day Pepper was returned to the kennels in her full nanotech suit, ring gag in place, arms sheathed behind her, emphasising her fuller breasts and small rounded stomach.
Steve took hold of her hand and stared down at Pepper. She was an Alpha, but he couldn’t help but think she was a typical woman dominated by her emotions, just like an omega.  That was why he did not always trust a female Alpha’s judgement.  Peggy had been the exception, she had got the job done asked of her, no tears or squeamishness and did not question his abilities as a leader or male. Yet she melted when they came together, didn’t matter if it was a quick fuck, hand job or a long slow night of love making she was completely feminine and knew her place.  He had always regretted that she wasn’t an omega.
Another set of lips brush across his own applying firm pressure tongue pushing his apart invading his mouth stealing his breath and swallowing his needy mewls of pleasure. He leans up into the kiss tongue tangling with the other deepening the kiss sucking on the plump lips of the faceless omega.  The lips disappear suddenly leaving behind a whispered warning.
Chapter 2
Clint was having his own fun, rutting against the omega’s backside, jostling the plug stuffed up his ass. The leather of his trousers rubbing the pert backside red as he thrust harder, whilst nipping the soft skin along Peter’s shoulder and neck, leaving a trail of wet reddened marks.  Natasha not to be outdone grabbed Peter’s hair and kissed him until his ridged body softened and his lips parted allowing her to thrust her tongue inside his mouth. Pressing against his omega gland with her other hand she flooded his senses with omega and alpha pheromones, driving the little spiderling wild with lust.
Steve vigorously rubbed the bar of soap over Tony’s tongue, the sides and roof of his mouth making sure every where was coated in thick soapy suds.  When he had finished he made Tony bite down on the bar of soap.
“There we go Steve, let out all that alpha anger, it’s hard to see your omega being used by others but it was necessary for the good of the Pack tonight.  For being such a good boy l am going to allow you to suck my cock, just so you realise how good it feels and understand how much your slut of an omega enjoys it.”
“Loki is a half breed and an omega whore, he will not now or ever be Thor’s consort, he is a breeder of Warrior Guards and omega comforters for Prince Thor’s future heirs.  Odin has been persuaded that this will be the better course to take as even a part Jotun heir will never really be accepted.
“Holly fuck! Look at the size of that, must be at 11 to 12 inches long and at least 5 inches thick!”
If he went back with Steve would he treat him as he was now, or would he change to his normal behaviour once he knew that Tony was his Tony, what would happen when he realized that his bond with unbreakable, would Steve want to stay with him and how would he and the baby be affected by being separated from their Alpha.  He desperately, needed to communicate with Steve to convince him he was Tony.
Professor Hulk was talking with Sarah, answering all her questions, she has been so excited to be allowed to watch her first breeding session.
Brutus grew impatient, he needed to breed the new bitch, show her who was pack leader.  He stood on his hind legs, his front paws pressing down on the bitch’s back as he lined himself up with her cunt, his cock unsheathed and he thrust it straight up her cunt until his balls slammed against her cunt lips.  He pounded her tight cunt, covering her back with his heavy weight, his front legs resting by her cheeks, he huffed as his slobber dripped on to her eye, Mistress always made it so the new bitch could see what kind of hound was fucking the for the first time.  He loved that this one was tiny and her cunt so tight that he knew he would tear her up when he knotted her.
“Captain America good to see you, we are all looking forward to working with you again.”
“Hulk going to make Daisy Milk Cow all clean and pretty on the outside now, so he can play with her giant udders.”
Steve wanted to make sure that Tony understood that he was the lowest in the hierarchy of the pack and would never rise from that position and that he was still a member purely at the whim of his Alpha.
Hmm, I think my wooden hairbrush will make a suitable impact, now get those panties pulled down so I can get started.”
Grabbing hold of his arm she all but dragged him over to the corner and pushed his nose against the wall, after yanking down his bottoms and diaper.
There had to be a fail safe on the muzzle, he couldn’t imagine that if his ability to breathe was endangered by the muzzle it would not retract.
“I told you Tony that once they were placed on your fingers they would never come off.  I had Dr Strange spell them so that they will adjust to your finger size and bond to your skin.  A permanent symbol of our mating and your commitment to me as your Alpha.
They continued to discuss the finer points of treatment until Nurse Meyer advised them that Tony was starting to wake up, the detox drugs causing the first set of stomach cramps appear.
Bruce disposed of the medical waste before fully sedating the brat, he scanned the pups to ensure they were healthy and not in any distress.  Happy was delighted to see the ultrasound and tucked the photos in his pocket, the twins were on the small side so Peter was going to need to eat more and stop exercising so they could gain weight.
Tony had been furious convinced that he would never have agreed to getting married on a drunken whim, but after seeing the video he had to admit it looked as though it had been all his idea. (Steve and Pepper had carefully edited out the parts when they had plied him with alcohol and manipulated him into proposing to Steve.)
Steve held on to the armrests feeling the metal buckle under his hands, still rather them than Bruce’s neck.  His inner Alpha was howling at the thought of anyone stopping him from breeding his omega.  He took a few deep breaths to push down his rage before answering.
Tony placed his thumb print on the bottom of the electronic document, Lydia having scrolled through the pages so fast that he only caught a glimpse of the odd word.
Loki hated Stark’s perfect body, his beauty and poise as he fingered his weeping cunt until the scent of omega cum filled the air.  He was aware of his own sex reacting to the smell and even the President’s omega with waves of animosity pouring off her, couldn’t stop her cunt from squirting.
Omega biology was so fucked up, an un bonded omega had some resistance against Alphas during work social and sexual encounters but once the bastard bit you the bond allowed for virtually no resistance to an Alpha’s will.  Illegal bonding was a crime but one that rarely reached the courts as there was often no proof and the omegas usually retracted any initial accusation by themselves or family due to the influence of their Alpha through their bond.  Domestic violence against a bonded omega was another crime hard to proof unless there were witnesses willing to testify or the omega in question had the courage to take the stand.  Tony had been proud of the work the Maria Stark Foundation had been doing for this cause and would be forever ashamed that he had allowed his Alpha to manipulate him into turning the Foundation’s support away from it.
“What do you mean Winter?  I have not done anything wrong, none of this so my fault.”
Not wanting another spanking, he curled up on his blanket, dragging the other one over him to cover up his nakedness.  It was stupid because he knew that no one could see through the special  tinted glass, but he still retained enough of himself to be embarrassed by how much his appearance had changed and scared that a photographer would steal a picture of him.
Sighing he turned away from the full-length mirror and crossed to his dressing table, hating that he had to hop up onto the chair, his feet dangling.  Steve had refused to have anything adjusted to accommodate his new shorter stature, stating that he would just have to adapt as the Penthouse was meant to provide a luxurious environment suited to the Alpha Owners and not their omega.  Personally, he thought they just got a kick out of seeing him struggle with everyday tasks that he never had to think about before and be forced to constantly as for help.
Steve felt sorry for his poor omega who was under the mistaken idea that he had a choice in anything his Alpha wanted him to do. Still this could be used to good advantage at a later date if his troublesome omega really balked against a certain situation.
During our initial consultations you also inquired with regards to certain body modifications that are available.  Firstly, the permanent removal of all body and facial hair is one of the standard procedure available at this clinic which will be completed with this final detox, the drugs are already being introduced into his system as we speak.
“Do you want it baby, do you want me to stick my fat cock in your boy pussy? Do you want me to rock in nice and slow an inch at a time, or do you want it rough and fast?”
Winters words broke him out of the cloud of need and arousal running riot in his body, but it was too late to free himself of the large cock sinking into his virgin pussy.  His mouth dropped open in a wordless scream as it filled him up, his hips and aching as he was spread wide and stuffed full of Winter’s huge cock.  Steve’s hand on his neck and teeth on his mating bite held him in place as Winter set a fast brutal rhythm, his cock relentlessly beating the head of his cervix, the mixture of pain and pleasure bring tears to his eyes as he begged to be fucked and knotted.
I am going to study Loki’s breast milk further, to see if l can isolate the enzyme that is rejecting the bonding of both fats.  If l can isolate it and study it, I may be able to produce a synthetic one that will allow for the two to amalgamate and stop the Jotun fat from breaking down.”
Steve could feel Tony’s small cockle squirting it’s meager load, thrusting one last time, his  knot began to swell, locking them together as his seed flooded his boy’s channel, he watched in awe the outline of his cock moving under the soft skin of Tony’s stomach, which was beginning to bulge even more with his cum.
Pepper knew that tonight she was going to be punished by Alpha Steve, she had spoke out of turn at the board meeting, questioning his decision and to compound matters had balked at being offered to the remaining old board members as a thank you for their service, since they were retiring.  With the giveback of their share it meant that Stark Industries was now a Private Company again, owned completely by Captain Rogers and the Avengers.
“Ding, ding out of time!  Looks like I am going to get to use my new hairdressing scissors.”
If you prove to me that you can be a useful bitch, as well as a slut, then I will come to you and bring you home.”
Adams is more of a problem, he is a widower with two grown step-children, one is definitely an Alpha who I have recently recruited to our finance department the other a girl has not been seen since dropping out of college last semester.  He is squeaky clean and very ambitious, has been eying up my position for the last year, every board meeting he sucked up to Tony, dropping subtle barbs about my role as CEO.”
He feels smaller and all over, vulnerable, needy, and desperate to be held and protected. He can barely concentrate on cataloging all the changes to his body, his mind is filled with the need to submit to his Alpha, to kneel and await his will.  He ignores the faint voice screaming in the back of his head that this is all wrong, to run away before it is too late.  Steve mouths  his healing mating bite and heat coils in his stomach as his Alpha pushes him down onto his knot, whispering ‘my perfect little Omega’ making his pupils turn to gold.
Hours later torn and bloody she finally managed to birth a 12lb Alpha boy, the tiny 5lb omega girl practically slid out 20 minutes later.  Both latched on and fed straight away as the midwife stitched Darcy’s torn perineum, after delivering the placenta.
Expectant smiles on their faces they waited for his approval.
Please say you will be my Omega, be my bonded and bound Omega in every sense, an unbreakable union, legally registered in the traditional way.
“Oh, is my sweetie tired, has my little twink run out of energy, just close your eyes baby, I will take care of everything.”
(See the end of the chapter for
In order for the war pack to become a cohesive fighting unit as well as developing interpersonal relationships there needed to be much more direct interaction.  It would work well for the pack if Thor was able to bring in the other omega and was willing to share him sexually with the other Alphas.
Finally, his rage spent, he turned from the window, his omega hanging limp from his knot and walked into his en-suite, stepping his clothes as he went.  The warm heat of the water soothed away the last remnants of his anger along with the blood and fluids covering his in inconscient omega.
“Bruce when you are ready to start her procedures, I want Pepper to observe, whilst she is being a good submissive beta alpha at the moment, it will not hurt to give her a reminder of what could happen to her if she transgresses against the Pack and myself.”
Parting his ass cheeks he pushed two oiled fingers into Tony’s asshole still slightly loose from being fucked earlier.  Scissoring his fingers he watch the ring of muscles stretch wider then added a third then fourth finger plunging them in and out faster and faster twisting them and catching Tony’s prostate with each pass making Tony’s body jerk and shudder trying to escape his building arousal.
She is about eight centimeters dilated, so l am going to put the dildo on full power for ten minutes and then she should be ready to push. There is no point in moving her to a birthing stall now, just lower the floor under her cunt and place the disposable birthing mats. Then adjust the bench so her legs are splayed wide open so the calf’s will slide onto the mats.
Tony's personal wealth becomes part of the Pack's wealth, but Tony still has access to it. There are certain restriction that Omegas face, but nothing drastic.
“Fucking hell that was so hot, boy do I want a front row seat when you two actually get round to fucking each other!”
Bruce analysis Loki's breast milk.
Gripping hold of his hips she set a brutal pace once he had nodded his head in agreement, within out any warning to him she fully expanded her knot and pumped him full of cum, Happy grinned at her and showed her his cum covered hand from where he had been holding the younger omega’s cock.
“Lock at your plump juicy clit getting all excited, after all you can hardly call it a cock anymore.  With your birth canal getting bigger and ready for me to fuck just like a pussy, you really are my omega bitch.
Steve easily picked Pepper out of her chair placing her on the edge of her desk before sitting in her seat.  Spreading her legs wide he placed her Louboutin clad feet on the arms, exposing the top of her silk stockings as her skirt rode up to show her lace covered mound.  Seconds later the tiny scrap of lace fluttered to the floor, pushing two fingers up into the tight heat of her wet cunt he twisted his his fingers until he found her g spot, enjoying the way her pussy clenched around his fingers with each thrust.  Keeping a constant pressure on her spot he grazed his thumb over her clit coaxing the small nub from its hood.
Tony had struggled for years and still did with the inequalities of their society, Thor who was also growing and maturing had lowed him to set up health and basic education for all omegas, when he had pointed out that there was so many potentially intelligent omega’s who could hold the key to the next scientific breakthrough.  He knew that it might take thousands of years to change a whole society’s way of living and thinking but at least he had made a small change now.
How long will it take for you to synthesis the antidote?”
Bucky’s hand gripped his throat turning his head so he was looking up in to Bucky’s cold eyes;
Tony really was an exhibitionist, with a masochistic streak, just as Bruce had explained too him.  His submissive side deepened when he was placed in situations that encouraged his exhibitionism.   Whilst he was not a sadist he could ensure that through punishment and sexual dominance he could fulfil some of his omega’s masochistic tendencies.  If Tony needed more he was willing to explore Bruce’s offer to provide it, it had been a shock and surprise to find that Bruce was that way inclined, but he was curious to the see Bruce in action and there was going to be times that he was away on missions and that his omega would need a caretaker he could trust.
The family room was bright and airy, filled with soft couches and bright rugs, toys scattered around, a faint breeze from the open window ruffled the curls of the child sitting playing with a stack of brightly colored blocks.  It took a moment for the Judge to realize that the diminutive figure was that of the very person he had come to see.
The general release to the public was the usual gang bang, Pepper was a pregnant human cow tied up in the milking barn, the farm hands deciding to have a bit of fun whilst she was waiting to be milked.  She had been fucked repeatedly in all her orifices, sprayed with cum and been made to lick the floor clean of their cum and her juices, had her breasts milked, been forced to fuck herself on a huge dildo and have her backside and breasts switched, then she had been branded and taken to auction, sold to the highest  bidder, whilst been fucked by a huge beast of a man wearing a bull’s head with horns.
He brushed his fingers over the small mound that hid his cock, there was no reaction to his touch, Bruce was incredibly tight lipped about how he had genetically engineered this new version of his omega cock and how it would only react to the touch of his bonded Alphas.  His pussy and asshole went into slick overdrive at the mere scent of Steve or Winter’s arousal, they were constantly plugged so that he didn’t leave a trail of slick wherever he went.
As Steve/Daddy pushed the stroller down the corridor Tony hid his face in his blanket, blushing furiously whenever anyone stopped to say hello and tell Steve what a cute baby boy he had. The uncomfortable feeling in his stomach remained and he was aware that also needed to pee again, sucking furiously on his pacifier he tried think of anything but his gurgling stomach and the ache in his bladder.  All to soon they reached the secluded play area and he was being lifted out of the stroller.
Dr Gottlieb was already waiting for them in the foyer.
“Moya Cyka”
I think your attitude here just shows why Miss Potts and I came to the agreement that a bond with myself would be the only way to curb you unruly slutty and frankly horrendous behaviour, your complete disregard for anyone but yourself has damaged you so much and left to your own devices for much longer there would be no coming back from it.
“Faster, harder, oh God do that again, come on you bastards! Don’t hold back give me all you have got, not going to break.  That’s it let loose, come on fuck me harder, who is going to knot me first, who is going to fill me with cum and breed me?”
I am very impressed with how you have been able to emotionally manipulate him in to thinking he has a choice in receiving this therapy, I do not believe he has full considered what your Conservatorship over him entails. Having had him sign the consent forms and the addendum agreement to any other treatments or surgeries can be used to keep him under control if he becomes to recaIcitrant in his behaviour.
“Such a good little omega bitch, look at you belly filled with my cum and babies, yes your scent is already changing so I don’t need any doctor to tell me you have caught on your first heat.”
Peter shivered as he felt Pepper’s hands gliding over his burning skin, he startled as the plug in his ass deflated and his chastity belt fell off.
Now be a doll and drink your Bees Knees, I got it especially for you, you will feel much more relaxed after a couple of these.”
“W..ant Da… da…ddy!”
No nasty body hair or muscles for my baby boy, just plumb soft skin. Look a that cute little belly roll, and I just want to squeeze and pinch and fuck your cute little bubble butt, especially now you pretty hole will slick up and stretch with ease.  Daddy has such a surprise for you when he takes your baby boy cherry, but don’t worry, your pouty lips will be sucking on more that just your bottle, daddy knows how much you love sucking cock.”
“ Steve, l’m really sorry to have to tell you this, but this Journal is a in-depth documentation of all the experiments and brutal training that went into turning Bucky firstly into the Winter Soldier and then ten years ago into the Winter Wolf.”
Steve has seen his omega stumble and had raced across the room to catch him, Tony’s body shook with pain as he lowered him on to the bed.  Removing his drenched shift, he wiped his clammy skin before pouring water past dry lips.  Tony nuzzled in to his hand scenting his wrist.  For a few minutes the room was calm and quiet, Steve relaxed sure that the worst was over.
Tony gives birth in the traditional way that his Alphas wanted, though not without
Tony curled against Steve’s side, trying his best not to look at Pep’s breasts or swollen belly. Unfortunately, his eyes kept betraying him, straying to her hard nipples wondering how different they would feel from the teats of his bottles.
Tony worked his way through the list of repairs for the Avengers, it hurt to lock away the updated widow bites in the vault, he hoped that Nat was still alive and that she had managed to evade capture.
Pepper will officially start her new position as Natasha’s PA tomorrow after the board meeting.  She will be available to help any of you when requested as long as Natasha does not need her.
“Clint, pleeeeese, I am so,oooo hungry, my poor tummy is grumbling, I can’t eat my last pancake without a topping.  I need to finish all my breakfast Steve won’t be happy I have left my food and then I will get time-out or even a spanking.”
Bruce printed of the ultrasound photos and gave them to Tony, who just kept staring at them, with a stunned look on his face.  Steve was starting to get anxious and threw a worried look at Bruce, who just mouthed ‘give him time’.
Pepper lay on the bed, exhausted her stomach roiling with all the cum she had swallowed.  He father had warned her that she would receive a caning if she dared show such disrespect by puking.
Don’t cry, you bought this on yourself by being a naughty ungrateful brat, you were always going to be a sissy boy, but now you will be a full femme omega bitch.  Pepper does not tolerate any challenge to her authority, and you are now paying the price.  You are lucky she only wanted you docked, but if you carry on misbehaving the rest of your pathetic omega cock will be cut off.”
I can see that there has been a further reduction in muscle mass, an overall softening of his lean frame, you can see this clearly by the loss of sharpness along his jaw line. Good size breeding pouch for 3 months, weight wise I would advise a large increase in fat reserves as omega Stark was underweight to begin with and is only now at a healthy weight for a non-pregnant omega of his size.
Tony gasps and moans as both Alphas fuck into him, nailing his prostrate with each thrust, he tries to raise his hips to meet each thrust but he is pinned beneath their combined weight, his tiny cock rubbed raw by the friction of is Alphas pubic hair, their heavy cum filled balls slapping against his burning cheeks.
Suddenly Bucky was kneeling in front of him pushing his cock in to his mouth as he cried out, Bucky’s hands on his head held him in place as he choked on the long intrusion.  Each thrust in his ass had his face mashing in to Bucky’s groin as his cock slid down his throat. Tony felt both Alphas tense then shout out as they came shooting their load into and on the gasping omega.
Fuck! He had done it, Steve’s guilt had overridden his usual alpha logic, now all he needed to do was manipulate him in to sharing the little honey smelling omega bitch, which would be easy enough if he could keep Steve off kilter and fogged with Alpha bonding pheromones.
Darcy was so used to being naked that it was a shock to be dressed in one of the diaphanous omega shifts that hung in her closet, admittedly it left nothing to the imagination, as the long flowing material clung to her body in all the right places and her nipples peeped through the feeding slits. Her sandals felt strange and being allowed to walk instead of crawling felt unnatural, even stranger was the lack of her body jewelry.
For a period of time it looked as though Tony had finally settled down so they did not proceed with the final step of their plan, unfortunately he slipped back into old habits whilst Steve was away on and extended mission with the Avengers. Unable to cope with being on his own at night he started going out clubbing and drinking, by the time Steve returned Tony was a complete mess and Pepper furious at the breakdown of takeover negotiations with Hammer Industries.
Spit-roasted between his Alphas, cum pumping in to his body from both ends, he desperately tried to stave off his orgasm not wanting his Alphas to have the satisfaction of knowing how excited and aroused he was by their words.
Banner passed Betty around to the other Alphas to help pass the time., it made him laugh to see how uncomfortable this Pepper was with fingering the other bitch, he guessed her collar provided a slight shock whenever the Professor thought she was not doing it properly.  He gathered that this Pepper was an alpha so was interested to know why she was being treated as an omega, he knew that the Professor had her in his medical suite at least twice a week and the Captain made thorough used of her to take the edge of his anger and frustration, Natasha treated her like a pet and made her do demeaning work and wear horrible trashy clothes if they went to SI headquarters for work.
“Steve who were you talking to just now?”
Thor just nodded as he dragged Tony off his cock, laughing as the tiny omega screamed in frustration that Thor had not knotted him or allowed him to come.
“Maybe one day Prince Thor, for now though l think Loki needs to be punished for coming without permission and for enticing Omega Stark into misbehaving.
“Shhh, just another minute to go, come on swallow down this second load and then Daddy will forgive you and fill your boy pussy with his knot.”
Tying back his hair with a leather lace he waited for his escort to come and collect him.
Finally, she could breathe, it was over, the hound disengaged, and the cowboys herded it away.
Peter knelt beside Bruce as he fed him bites size pieces of food, he was warm and relaxed after a long soak in the bath, followed by a massage.  Bruce had been so pleased with him that he had even allowed Peter to wear a pair of shorts, sure they were tiny and hugged his cheeks and outlined his soft cock, but at least it wasn’t the steady girly clothes that Pepper forced him to wear.
When he got out of here he was going to lock himself in his workshop for a week and cancel all Steve’s override codes as a punishment, he knew how annoyed it would make him not being able to drag him out to eat and sleep.
Steve kept a steady pace along the red carpet, not stopping to answer any questions or pose for photos until he reached the waiting figure of Christine Everheart. A slight downward tug of the leash had Tony sinking to his knees into the traditional resting position of an omega waiting for his Alpha
Tears filled his eyes when he felt Steve’s cock pull out fully and his disappointed face stared also an at him.
Peter couldn’t help but push back on to Hulk’s fingers, his hole weeping slick with each touch of his prostrate.
“F..fuck Steve! Please need your knot in me now!”
He put off thinking about Winter just relieved that Bucky was gone, they were not sure if he would go in to bond withdrawal and even if he did it would be minimal as Bucky was a secondary alpha and they had only been bonded a short time, also it had not been the full bond as he had with Steve.
“Shhhh little omega, you are forgiven, you can start with a clean slate. I will not give you anything for the pain until tonight, you must been seen to be suffering, it also will act as a reminder as to what will happen if you disobey me or misbehave again.”
*********************************************************************************************************************************************
This is a me trying to get more of the other Avengers into the story, but be warned they are all Alpha dickheads.
He is here tonight as part of his atonement and once this evening’s event is over he will truly become the Pet he was always meant to be.”
“What the fuck, that’s an Iron Man suit, what the hell is going on, how the fuck is this happening?”
Tony was tired and sore, Steve had fucked him in both holes twice throughout the night in between the pups feeding, then just as he had begun to fall asleep in the early morning hours his Alpha had decided that his omega needed to be smothered in cum.  So here he lay as Steve massaged his cum into his skin so that his scent overrode all the other Avengers scents.  Christ! He still couldn’t believe what had happened yesterday, he was totally freaked by this new development, and as for Thor there was no way he was ever going to let that giant dick anywhere near him again.
Right cow, keep pushing Mr President wants at least one omega.”
Steve has a decision to make in regards to his baby's height reduction treatment.
“Fuck! Doc is there anything that you can do to help or is it a case of just waiting to see if the stupid bitch has not completely fucked up its chance of becoming a fully developed adult pet?”
Now why don’t you go put the kettle on and make everyone a nice cup of tea whilst I give you omega a quick exam and get the poor thing comfortable.”
Natasha continued to speak quietly in Russian, petting Tony’s cheek until he stirred, confused eyes taking in all the Avengers sitting round his bed.  His nose twitched at the sweet smell of freshly baked cake, his stomach chose that exact minute to let out a loud rumble, blushing furiously at the soft laughter he tried to hide his face under his covers.
The second photo was a shot of Pepper Potts and Happy Hogan’s wedding.  The bride’s dress appeared to be a modernized version of Emanuel Ungaro’s 1967 cotton playsuit with matching leggings.  The lace cotton playsuit had been re-designed into a thigh skimming dress, the leggings replaced with tight fitting over the knee, high heeled white leather boots that appeared to morph into lace stockings of the same design that ended an inch below the hem-line of the dress.
Flashback
Have added more tags but its not easy finding the ones you want, how do you make new tag if there is not one you need?  Will add other tags depending on how this is all going to end nearer the time.
Edward’s had heard about Mountain Rise’s rumoured secret treatments, this was his opportunity to actually see for himself and maybe partake of what was supposedly on offer for a select few visitors and investors.  His court clerk placed the legal documents on Ms Potts desk acting as witness for the signatories.  A final stamp with his court seal of all the documents sealed Stark’s fate for better or worse.  Edwards’s dismissed the clerk to drive the documents back to be filed.
Turn to the side, wow! They are even more visible now, and you have a cute little soft belly.  Oh God, I just want to pinch and bite your soft little rolls.”
Tony quickly kicked off his boots and stripped out of his overalls, still scratching at the reddened skin on his arms and thighs.
“Dr Gottlieb with regards to Pepper Potts, there is one other additional person whose voice imprint needs to be added to the trigger words.  Natasha Romanov will be arriving later today, she will be acting as Potts personal assistant going forward, with a view to taking over as joint CEO with myself when Potts is on maternity leave.
“Spread your legs wider babe, show those mewling megs your perfect cunt and clit, finger yourself until you come, but no sound passes your lips and only your fingers can move.”
“Oh baby, don’t ever think that, I love you and am never going to let you go, it doesn’t matter, accidents happen. I am going to run you a bath and get you cleaned up, whilst Stella sorts out your bed.  Afterwards, I am going to ensure that you don’t have to worry your pretty head about this happening again.   Does that sound like a good plan?  Come on sweetheart your bath awaits.”
“Captain Roger he certainly is a responsive little slut, he has soaked his panties.”
The feeding tube was the most disturbing aspect, taped to his pale cheek Steve could see the fluid moving slowly along the tube which disappeared in to his nose, to which a nasal canula was also attached. Two thick tubes ran from his right arm to the dialysis machine, soft restraints immobilising his lower arm and wrist against the bed rail. A sheet and thick soft blanket covered his body preserving his modesty, with the amount of wires and tubes snaking in and out of his body it was clear that he was naked underneath the cover.  Steve had always been aware that Tony didn’t eat enough and was a bit underweight, but just put it down to the eccentric human genius’ busy schedule and the times he got lost in workshop binges, forgetting to eat or drink until a project had been completed.  Seeing him now without the layers of clothing he usually wore, he could see how thin and underweight he really was.  In a base-line human it would be cause for concern but for an Omega it was potentially life threatening.
“Such a clever baby, now daddy is going to feed you some yummy blueberry porridge, you have to eat every spoonful or there will be no trip to the play area.  You need to get a bit of fat on your bones or a strong gust of wind will blow you away.”
Tony groaned remembering his burning ass and knew that it would be worse this time Steve dragged him up and draped him over his lap and rained down swat after swat all over his ass. Legs and arms pinned there was no room to move and try to evade the blows each swat seemed harder than the last his butt cheeks and the tops of his thighs burned and throbbed with pain.
Steve’s had rested over the soft swell of his stomach cupping the slightly rounded belly where the omega pouch had fully developed. There was no definition or hardness Tony’s taut stomach a thing of the past, the soft vulnerable pouch waiting to be filled with cum each time he was fucked and after his next heat hopefully a baby.
“Well Betty, it looks as though we are doing this the hard way, you are going to be my omega regardless of your pathetic threats.
Steve released his bound hands and clipped the leash back onto his collar leaving it trailing over his shoulder and down his back.
Tony hissed as Bucky and Steve latched on to his nipples once again, his breasts felt overwarm the skin flushed and tingling, his oversensitive nubs burned as they were sucked on, both Alphas uncaring about the discomfort they were causing him.
Chapter 96
Clint was shocked.
Widow could see blood on the omega’s thighs as he kicked and struggled to get away from the Professor, his T-shirt had ridden up and the tautness of his belly could clearly be seen.  Fucking stupid whore had gone into labour, she needed Banner to take over.
Steve is a manipulative bastard, poor Tony is so confused.
Betty couldn’t stop giggling as Darcy stuttered out a thank you before crawling out of the room, her new brand standing out against her pale flesh. Maybe she could coax Sir into letting her brand the other butt cheek. Turning she hopped up onto the table and spread her legs, letting her dress ride up so her naked pussy was on show, her thighs shiny with her juices.
“This whore will be place in these stocks every day from morning until noon, any Alpha may try to breed her, once she has caught, her tits will be available for all to suckle from, her holes open to anyone regardless of their stat.  She will spend every afternoon until sunset in the milking barn and then be returned to the Palace where she will serve in whatever capacity I see fit to command of her.
“The partial bond with you Stevie, it kept a small part of me separate from the Soldier, gave me a chance to break free at times, but it was not strong enough to break all of the conditioning.  If only we had bonded fully none of this would have happened.
Tony alternated between sulking and crying in pain, he hated that Steve was treating him as if he were little, but at the same time soaked up all the attention he was getting.  Steve stayed with him, only leaving to get him food and drinks.  He had to use his diaper as he was not allowed to leave the bed, but Steve quickly changed it when he saw him squirming.  By the evening he was felling well and full of energy, apparently a side effect of the magic.
The hard slap to his face, sends him to the ground, he cries out as the shards dig into his skin as Winter kneels over him, hand round his throat.
After a leisurely shower and shave Steve dried himself off before moving back in to the the master bedroom.  His omega’s body was a sight to behold, soft pale skin flushed with arousal, legs covered in slick, muscles twitching with the strain of standing still. Walking silently behind his unsuspecting omega he pressed the length of his body against his back forcing him to bend forward until his face was pressed against the mattress plump backside jutting out at the perfect angle to slide his cock along his crack.
A balance would be found but first his omega needed to learn to fully submit  at all times to his Alpha in private and in public before he could be given any rewards.
“Come on Tony, let us hear how much you love being fucked stupid by your Alphas, having your slutty holes filled. Our own little cum dump!"
Steve was only to pleased to hustle Tony out of the workshop and back to there suite, he never liked seeing his omega’s body covered up, unless it was in something he had chosen.
There were hard decisions to be made tomorrow, he only hoped that Dr Gottlieb would be able to recondition his boy.
He showered and dressed leaving Tony to sleep, plenty of time to wake up his lazy omega once he’d had his coffee.
He was bought out of his revery when Steve bit down hard on his mating mark.
Arms behind your back, into the leather sleeve, don’t want you trying to pull off your milking cups.  The chains from your nose and earrings will ensure that you cannot rise up further than the head of the wooden cock. I won’t put on your mask today as you wanted to see your aunt Four Titties.  Tomorrow it goes on, we find that it makes out cows concentrate on just milking their tits if they have no distractions.  Open your mouth for the feeding hose, good cow, the mouth guard means you cannot spit any feed out, the faster you suck and swallow the more feed you get, which in turn means your milk yield increases.
“Come for me my omega!”
Tony quickly pocketed them before any others could take them, he had such a sweet tooth now, but whilst Steve let him indulge most of the time, he also ensured that he balanced it out with healthy meals.  Things had gone a bit awry the last two days as Steve and Thor had been called away on a SHEILD mission, Steve had not been impressed with Fury, and Tony had been unhappy at being without his Alpha.
Here is the second chapter as requested.  Have had it written for a while but was not sure about it as the ending is probably not what anyone but me would want.
Steve clasped the back of Tony’s neck, fingers digging in to the tight knot of sensitive nerves to calm the still struggling omega, leading him over to the desk he positioned him forehead resting on folded arms, pert backside sticking out legs wide apart.
Be warned under age sex in this chapter, between a 15 year old and a much older man.
Hulk lifted the omega off the table, careful to let his little cow get her balance on the high heels, not happy with the flailing arms he cuffed them behind her back, which gave the added advantage of thrusting forward her pregnant belly and huge udders.   Clipping a thin chain to each nipple suction cup he tugged on the adjoined leash, listening out for the tinkle of bells as his pretty little cow trotted behind him.
“Beautiful, I can see why you are coveted by many Alphas.  Now on your knees and pleasure me, give me a reason to let you and your pups stay within this haven of Asgard.”
“Tony you don’t need to cover yourself, the baby needs to bond with you and the best way is skin on skin contact with no barriers.  The room is warm, there is no need to be embarrassed, all of your scents need to mingle and recognize each, others.
Captain America thrust in and out of Omega Stark’s ass the tight wet heat of the channel gripping his cock was a feeling he would never tire of.  His orgasm built with each thrust, slick ran from the tight hole, dripping down thighs spread wide coating the desk beneath.  He would get Omega Stark to lick it clean after he had finished, it would be another lesson in humility and obedience.
End of Flash Back
He only did up the first few buttons covering up Tony’s cock and balls, he left the rest so that the Arc Reactor was exposed. He knew that this would make Tony really uncomfortable as he always hid it away from view when he was in public.
Steve tries to convince Tony that they need to mate, lets see how that goes!
Sira’s cold eyes took in the breeder’s shaking body, the soft spent cock and soaked sex.  The little pack omega was making doe eyes at his Alphas, whilst his pink tongue licked drops of cum from his swollen lips.
Winter came to slowly, at some stage he has been placed on his knees, his lower legs secured firmly to the floor, there were thick chains leading from his collar to hooks on the stall sides, keeping his head held in position.
Steve and Winter shared a look of satisfaction, their omega had been continuously fucked by both of them for the past two days, his puffy gaping holes matched the raw swollen mating marks on his neck.  His body littered with fast fading teeth and finger bruising, the healing serum passed through there cum ensuring their omega’s body was continuously fit and healthy for use.
Sitting wrapped in Steve’s arms, gave him such a feeling of safety, Steve would protect him from everything whilst he got better and then things could go back to normal again, once he had proved to Steve that he could function normally then they would put an end to this stupid age play.  For now, he would go along with it, maybe it would be nice not to have to worry or care about anything but himself and what Steve wanted for a while, of course he would set some limits on how far this age regression play went but they could discuss that later when his mind was less fuzzy.
“Thor, knot me now!”
The weeks had flown by since his Alphas had successfully bred him again, the girls were 12 weeks old, perfect little angels content to snuggle close to each other or be held and fed by their mother.  Steve and Winter both spent time with the pups, Winter was fascinated by the small babies and seemed surprisingly at ease with caring for them, Steve always had a faintly shocked look on his face every time he held them especially if they moved their tiny limbs or cried.
A new pack member makes an appearance.
On Monday we will start on the next phase of treatment and if all goes well you will be looking at two more weeks of Tony being an in-patient and then it will be weekly outpatient visits either here or at your home for a month, after which we can review his progress with a view to reducing to three monthly.  Of course, we are available if an emergency of any kind arises, if you have any questions once you have left our facility.
Steve and Winter made short work of positioning Tony on his hands and knees and once again fill his pussy and mouth with their huge cocks. Neither Alpha takes long before they are shuddering through another orgasm cum flooding into their omega’s belly and cunt.  Steve withdraws wiping his dripping cock on Tony’s cheek, he motions for Winter to shoot the rest of his load down Tony’s throat.  Winter is quick to comply, fascinated by their omega’s already rounded belly.
For a moment it looks as though Steve not going to be a dickhead about his omega being Iron Man but true to form his Alpha instincts kick in.
Bucky had scared the shit out of him so he as only to happy for Winter to have appeared.  He was still wary and a little scared of Winter but the bonding had helped and as soon as Dr Strange could be found Bucky could hopefully be gotten rid of completely.  He was concerned about the development of the pack bond and what it meant for him, Steve was being very cagey about the details and Winter just gave him a tiny knowing smile whenever he tried to ask him.  Jarvis yet again had put a block on any internet research he had tried stating it was at his Alphas behest.  He was thoroughly frustrated at his lack of knowledge of both traditional omega pregnancies and war/fighting pack bonds, he could hazard a guess that he was not going to be enamoured about either traditions.
The President left early, both his bitches still asleep, he penned a note and left it on his pillow for BB, he was by no means finished with her and he let security know that the suite was on lockdown until he returned.  BB had one chance to do as he wanted, in order for her to stay.  He was betting that she would need an outlet for her anger and pain and wasn’t the kind to run away and feel sorry for herself.
Tony stared at his reflection, he tried not to look in mirrors often as he still felt a disconnect between his new appearance and that of his former.  Whilst he had hated his huge breasts and full figure, he had still looked similar facially and height wise to his pre bonded appearance.  Now he struggled to see anything of Tony Stark/Iron Man, independent and unrepentant Omega.
“That went a lot smoother than I expected Ms Potts, I get the feeling that you may have been doing some behind the scenes manipulation.”
All around he could here the sounds of copulation as the court made use of the harem of omegas provided by Odin. Glancing at the throne he saw that his father leaning forward on his throne eye glued to Loki’s face, watching the silent fall of tears dripping down her cheeks.
“Head up now, just need to trim and shape the remaining length, Ms’ Romanov do you want the slicked backed style of the softer look?”
He punctuated each remark with a stab of his fingers up into Tony’s weeping cunt, watching the play of emotions moving over his omega’s face.  The fear and distress slowly disappeared to be replaced by confusion and embarrassment, tiny moans replacing the weepy sobs.  Twisting his fingers, he forced another deep into the soaked channel as his thumb press hard against Tony’s clit.
“No..ooo stop it Steve, I’m not a baby!”   he tried to say more but found his mouth quickly filled with another pacifier a strap holding it firmly in place.
Steve made the call to Director Fury to inform him of Bucky’s appearance and arranged for them to meet with Fury, Coulson and the Shield Doctors so that Bucky could get his Psyc evaluation clearance to remain at Avengers Tower and start the debrief of his time as the Winter Soldier.
Suddenly the plug filling her mouth dropped free, humiliatingly she couldn’t stop moaning and whining, and then to her horror she was begging to come, the unending burn and razor edge of orgasm, turning into a babbling, begging mess.
After both Alphas showered and dressed they ordered in food knowing that their omega would need to sleep then feed the girls before they could have him again.
“Get on your hands and knees BB, just because you are not an omega, doesn’t mean I am not going to fuck your asshole just for the fun of hearing you squeal like a piggy when I rip you apart, and just think of how fucked your hole is going to be when I knot it.”
Then he smelt and tasted it, the subtle change in her scent, the sweetness of her jucies, with one final lick of her pussy her moved behind her, nipping her shoulder to wake her up.  Just as she raised her head he plunged into her cunt, his massive front legs circling her waist, claws digging into the loose flesh of her stomach.  He worried at her shoulder shaking her when she started to whimper and squirm.
“Fuck me! Such a greedy cock sucker, look at him Steve he is still sucking on my cock wanting his belly filled with even more cum.”
Natasha could feel herself getting wet, as she watched the other Widow’s long cock slide into Pepper’s mouth drowning out her screams, as the Captain continued to fist her and then plunge three fingers of his other hand into her pussy.  She could see that although he was pretending not to notice his hard on, that Steve was not immune to what he was seeing, she wondered how he would react when he saw Tony being fucked.
“Nooo…please Ty, don’t, s..stop!”
Natasha looks sophisticated in her black silk Dolce & Cabana evening gown, the high draped front a very conservative look for her, the tied cut out back giving a stunning contrast.  Her red hair is in an elegant chignon, held in place with a diamond encrusted comb.  He has no doubt that there are knifes hidden on her body and that she could impale someone with her five, inch heels.
Standing up he held the omega against his chest as he released the cock cage, batting away Tony hands as he made to touch it.
“Such a good boy for me Peter, now clean up the mess you have made on Happy’s fingers, then I am going to knot you again and complete the bond, remember not a sound even when I bite your gland fully, I will be disappointed if you only manage to stay silent for this first time.”
Natasha smirks at him as he ushers Tony into the restaurant, pulling out his chair and settling him in his seat.  Tony is chattering a way and doesn’t even notice that Steve has ordered for him and had the waitress remove his wine glass and bring him sparkling water. The others notice throughout the course of the dinner how attentive Steve is to the small alpha, Clint opens his mouth to tease Tony but duel glares from Steve and Natasha shut him down.
The silence in the board room stretched on as Alpha and Omega stared at each other, Steve’s stormy cold blue eyes staring down at the flushed face and shaking body of his omega, Tony’s eyes widened as Steve stood up but then made no move towards him but pointed down at the floor in front of his feet leash in hand.
A flash of light caught his eye, through the smeared glass he saw the telephoto lens on the roof of the building opposite, the man wasn’t even trying to hide, standing in plain view his equipment stacked around him. He even had the audacity to sole and wave when he realised Tony was staring straight at him.
Steve smiled and thrust harder as his knot began to form, he pinched Tony’s other nipple, laughing when his little boy jerked and shuddered through another of his little orgasms, his tiny cock dry of any cum.  Once his knot had formed, he stood, leaving Tony hanging off it, tearing off the onesie and diaper he walked into the now clean bedroom, hand rubbing Tony’s back and pert ass, loving the little mewling sounds coming from his boy.
Both Alphas smirked, each placing their free hand on one of Tony’s hips to keep him in place they pulled hard with their other hands, the dildo slid out aided by a river of pussy juice and a sharp tug from Steve.  Winter could feel the hard press of his cock against his cargo pants, not wanting to linger any longer he yanked on the plug pulling it free with and obscene pop.
“Well, who is a naughty boy, looks like someone keeps you all bound up, does your Daddy make you writhe and beg for release, does he suck you little dick until it dribbles out a pathetic few drops of cum?  Your hole is sopping, no need to prep your dirty slut hole, just going to slide right in.”
Steve knew that all the Alphas in attendance wanted Tony and that he couldn’t lose his temper especially with the Army Brass, but Ross especially riled him with his blatant sexual remarks.
I expect Bruce is wearing away at his supposed alpha dominance and discovering all his weaknesses, he is a master manipulator and will have your Captain taking his cock within months.”
Once again Steve whished he could go back in time and rage at Howard for being such a bastard to his only son, for making him believe that he was unloved and useless and that omegas were worthless. His poor baby had been brainwashed by Howard’s hate filled diatribes.
“Get her into the birthing room and strap her down, muzzle her so she doesn’t upset the hounds with all her screaming.  We need everything set up before the Captain and the rest of the Avengers arrive.  The Professor and Banner are a few minutes away.
Play with your nipples, get them hard.
Bucky had stayed silent as he continued to slowly fuck his bitch whilst fondling its milk swollen tits as Steve fed the little cow.  Now seemed the ideal time to plant a little seed of doubt in Steve’s mind.
Pepper thought about what kind of punishment would be the most effective for Tony after he has quietly and for him sincerely apologised for his behaviour towards her.  It needed to have a high impact on him but also further his training and the knowledge that he needed to learn to submit fully and rely on his alpha for everything.
If you are a good little Omega and stay completely still and silent I will allow you to come!”
How, Dr Banner has researched Pack Law extensively, within his work with healing and re-educating sick, and clinically defective omegas. He alerted me to this particular caveat a few days ago, but until my little bitch caved and offered himself freely l could not initiate your official change in status.
“There is not point in pretending that Stark has any say in this bonding, Miss Potts will make all decisions in regards as to what is going to happen with him.
Betty had run three days after their mating, the stupid bitch hadn’t even made it to the Compound gates before he had caught her.  It was his own fault in to an extent, as he had got caught up in an experiment and had not fucked her for 24 hours.  Their bond was still settling and she had been able to disobey his order to remain in their suite.
“S..Steve l am so sorry for what l have put you through, please don’t leave me, l don’t want to be alone with myself, l’m a horrible, weak person.”
Bruce tuned out Natasha’s taunts and the younger omega’s whimpers as he turned his attention back to the bound female omega on his examination table.  She was staring at him with fear filled eyes, fortunately with the now placed ball gag in her mouth he didn’t have to put up with anymore of her pathetic pleas to leave the younger omega alone.
Well I have something that you can suck on!”:
“Get used to it breeder, we have already been told that you have to be disciplined every day, this is mild compared to what will happen if you do not obey your mate.
“Just some endurance training, need to get rid of his gag reflex and ensure that he can take a good pounding for hours at a time.  Need to break our bitch in quickly, don’t want him getting any ideas about trying to escape.
“All traces of the suppressants and contraceptive patch have now been cleared from his system, the constant anal stimulation has ramped up his production of slick, by the time the plug is removed his hole will be gushing, giving the Inspector the impression that he close to his heat and preparing his body for bonding.
Tony slowly returned to consciousness, tired eyes fluttering open to blearily take in the sight of his Alphas placing a pup on each breast, try as he might he could not bring his arms up to hold his pups securely so they could feed.
Of course, you will have to be the girl again, don’t think I would look good in a dress.”
There follows, weeks of heavy petting and touching, exploring each other’s bodies, he sees stars when Steve breaches his hole and his fingers brushing against his prostrate over and over, his other hand stroking his cock to completion.  He knows it’s wrong, not an Alpha thing, but when Steve uses his ‘Cap Voice’ he opens his mouth eagerly to receive Steve’s cock.  It’s messy and totally different to being on the receiving end, but he licks and sucks as best he can, gradually managing to take in more until Steve is slowly thrusting in and out, always stopping to let him breathe if he chokes.  Steve keeps eye contact with him all the time, encouraging him as he takes in more of his cock, he soaks up the praise.  When Steve’s floods his mouth with cum he tried his best to swallow as much as he can, the taste some how familiar which startled him. He is distracted as Steve paints his face and chest with cum, taking the time to massage it into his skin, toying with his sensitive nipples, another new revelation.  He almost comes again when Steve calls him a good boy.
Tony could feel the attention and eyes of the board members turn fully on him as Steve led him into the room, Steve took the last remaining empty seat at the head of the table Pepper sitting to his right and motioned for Tony to stand behind his chair.
Now Peter was here with her, she would be able to see him every day and watch him settle into his new life as milk cow.  It was pleasing to think they would be able to share their pregnancies, Karl had already said they could share a night stall if Peter behaved. She couldn’t wait for the evening when she could hug him, and they could feed off each other’s milk.
He smiled at the moan of discontent when he removed his hand and reached for the clippers.  Adjusting the grade setting he place his left hand on top of Tony’s head to keep him still and ran the clippers over the sides and back of his head brushing away the shorn hair as he went, once done he picked up the scissors and started on the top keeping it long enough that he would be able to fist his hand in it. Running a small amount of gel through it he styled the remaining curls.
“Mmm Stark, I do believe your fat teats are bigger now than your useless little omega cock, such a true bitch you are now.”
“Come on Tony just swallow, I am not going to stop until you have finished so don’t make things difficult for yourself and earn another punishment.”
Do you know how beautiful you are, even now with just this small amount of weight gain, can you imagine how stunning you will be when you have a thick layer of soft fleshy skin and rounded curves for me to hold on to as I have you hanging off my knot.”
“Pepper fist her hard, l want these pups out quickly, l have an important dinner meeting this evening and you need to be present as you are providing the entertainment. Cannot have you turning up covered in amniotic fluid and blood, it’s difficult enough getting you presentable without that as well.”
Steve was thankful that Bucky had spoken, reminding him that his omega was again speaking completely out of turn, yet again challenging his Alpha.  Well no more would he be swayed by tears and false begging.
Tonight though he had allowed Tony the comfort of the four inch heels for his first public appearance, especially as it was going to be his tiny cock that would be the talk of social media, Tony had been so concerned about his lost inches in height he had forgotten how the camera lens and lights would turn the fabric of his toga see through.
“Tony, open your thighs a little, just so that your bare mons is showing and we can see just a hint of your pussy lips.  Good girl, now cup your left breast and trail the fingers of your other hand over your mons and pussy.  That’s it, now look straight at the camera and give me a hint of a smile, brilliant you are a natural.
I can even forgive you eventually for fucking and disciplining me, as you thought l was the Stark omega, but l don’t think I could never willingly accept being treated that way again by you or any Alpha.”
Sita answered for him;
1.	Show obeisance every time you meet your Alpha.
“Inspector I have completed Omega Stark’s physical examination and you can proceed with your review whilst I compile my notes.  If you go into the adjoining room, you will find it is set out for testing.”
Tony is very emotional and his hormones are raging, so he is not thinking very logically.  Steve may seem to be pushing things but they both love each other and Tony will eventually realise that Steve just wants him to be safe, whole and happy.
Well, now you will face the consequences, I will no longer be lenient, each rebellious act of disobedience will be punished immediately, and to the fullest extent.
It was then that he noticed the large suction cups rising from the now open  panel in the base of the platform to tightly cover his swollen breasts, inside each cup was a smaller tube which latched on to his distended nipples.
Tony knew there was no point in trying to refuse so forced himself to start sucking and swallowing just wanting to get this feeding over with.  The thick creamy liquid slid down his throat, there was a strange flavour to it but it was also somewhat familiar. It took him over half a glass to realise the similarity to the taste of his Alpha’s cum and for a moment he stopped drinking but Steve’s fingers massaging his throat and stomach and his whispered command to continue had him swallowing down the last of the glass.
Steve convinced the President that it would be better for him to have his Office in the Avengers Tower due to Superhero call outs.  He would come to Washington for meetings when needed and to brief the President when needed.  They knew it would be easier to carry out their investigations out of view of the President’s advisors.
Rolling her onto her back he forced her legs up and over her shoulders, bent in half unable to move or take a deep breath her let loose with his strength and brutally fucked her weeping cunt, hitting her g-spot repeatedly as his cock rubbed against her clit with each thrust.  He admired her stamina as it took ten minutes for her to finally break, and only as his barbs started to engage did she scream and beg with sincerity and true submissiveness.
The ball gag was soon buckled tightly around his head, his jaw started to ache within moments of it being fitted, drool trickling down his chin.
The elevator glided smoothly to a halt, Natasha watched as Clint threw the clothes Peter had been holding on to the floor, then ran his hands over Peters  skimpy knickers, needing his butt cheeks before slipping a hand between the mesh material pulling them down over his hips so his chastity device was on show for her to see. Cupping the caged cock, she gave it a squeeze, feeling the nanotech softening and contracting as she pinched and squeezed enjoying the harsh cries of pain she was causing.
So, starting this evening during your sessions on the milking machine you will wear a feeding gag and have a 2litre, high calorific omega protein shake fed to you. You will also wear the feeding gag every lunchtime whilst the pups are nursing, I will make an allowance for once a week when omega Peter visits, but that will mean a double feeding in the evening.”
Betty Blue arrive for her visit and is met be the President of the United States
“Yes Alpha.”
****************************************************************
“Look at this Tony, your little omega cock even squirts like pussy, such a filthy bitch getting my hand covered in your pussy juice now lick it clean.”
You will come on my cock, you orgasm through your cunt, not your useless cock.”
Steve only just managed to hold back his laughter at his omega’s frantic babbling and then appalling attempt at trying to fool them he was asleep. He silently motioned for his pack mates to depart, grinning as they too attempted to stifle their laughter, after closing the door behind them he quickly went into the bathroom and gathered up the items that he would need then sat himself back down to wait out his naughty omega, Tony would crack long before he would.  Omegas naturally wanted to please their Alphas and could not bear to feel their Alpha’s disappointment or disapproval, and with Tony’s system flooded with hormones he would sense quickly that Steve was somewhat angry and very disappointed in his behaviour.
The punishment collar and leash would be worn along with the gag whenever he left the nursery, with the added humiliation of having to put both on himself and to carry the leash in his mouth until he could pass it to one of his Alphas.
The day of the photoshoot, Steve set the tone by fucking and knotting Tony until he could barely walk, he made sure that the omega’s mating bite was red and swollen. He insisted that Tony not breastfeed Sarah until after the shoot, leaving her with the night nurse and expressed milk. This meant his breasts were plump and round and his nipples erect.
“Well then, l had better get back to work, please let me know when Tony is awake and well enough to see me, there is  going to be a lot of paperwork that needs signing before he can step down from the Company.”
“Winter, lets get our bitch on all fours so that we can fuck his empty holes full of cum, wait until you get a look at his belly bulging with cum.”
“Such an obedient bitch, come on doll face spread your thighs wider and push those titties out so your pack can milk you and feel our pups.
“Aw, Pepper, don’t be too upset, you will still run Stark Industries and all its subsidiaries as CEO, you will have wealth and status, but only if you submit to me before the Pack in the traditional way at midday, renouncing your leadership of SI Pack. it will take place in the Boardroom in the presence of the first circle of pack members.
Steve fished his mobile from his pocket, the touch screen lit up without any prompting, swiftly taping away at the screen he accessed his and Tony’s personal accounts, transferring the money with a few touches of the screen.  It occurred to him that he would need to get Tony’s name removed from all the accounts, it would not do for his baby to have access to any money, who knew what silly ideas he might get in his pretty little head.
Chapter 20
Bruce spent the rest of the day packing up his experiments and research, Jarvis alerted him early evening that Tony was home and feeding the pups.  Finished in his lab he searched through Tony’s workshop for anything that would be valuable to take.  Jarvis opened up the vaults when asked, Bruce had never bothered before as he had supposed there would just be less advanced versions of tech and weapons from his world.
