The white sun rays of this September morning are filling the flat with a soft and cosy glow that makes the skull on the mantelpiece grin even wider and heightens the dust covering the pile of books and papers next to it. On the table lie several newspapers and a laptop which has stayed plugged in all night – probably because the owner typed on it until late and was too tired to turn it off.
He laces his fingers with Mary's and she stops herself from rolling her eyes, knowing what's coming next. "... and I got to meet you."
Shinwell follows John to the living-room in silence, and looks sheepishly up at him when he turns with a glare.
John pulled him closer and hugged him tightly, caressing his back soothingly, snuggling into the abounding black curls. Had Sherlock done all that just to prove a point? Was he really so much like his brother?
But John... John was different. He was unpredictable. You knew Lestrade would always need you for cases, and Mrs. Hudson would always bear with you because you were the closest thing she had to a child and nothing would ever change that. But John didn't owe you anything, nor did he need you for anything except the excitement you could provide. Vital excitement, perhaps: had he not met Stamford on his stroll in the park, he might not have lasted much longer with the temptation of a loaded gun in his drawer and nobody to miss him.
ridiculous. He glared as Sherlock came to the kitchen and put his head on the table next to John, looking up at him smugly.
John did not find Sherlock's smile reassuring in the least, but apparently Angelo did, for he nodded in his good-natured way and turned to John for his order.
John never really had time to put it up on the blog – like so many other cases, and since the summer he's been working on them again. He hasn't posted any, though. Somehow, he doesn't feel ready to start blogging about Sherlock again.
"How did it come to this? How did I become like this? There are so many idiots out there, and their wives don't leave them and they're not responsible for the deaths of geniuses!"
walls do not have ears. And Wiggins is to be trusted. He's more attached to Sherlock than to me: he's a vagrant, you see. Head of the self-proclaimed 'Baker Street Irregulars'."
Less than five minute later she was running down the street, John in her bag, too big to be completely hidden but trying hard not to show himself as she hailed a cab. Less than twenty minutes later they arrived at the crime scene.
Did he truly enjoy cuddling with Sherlock when they were both men? He'd been happy enough this morning. Before fully waking up. Before realizing it was Sherlock's chest that his nose had been rubbing against.
But Mycroft's grip tightened painfully. "Is that it, then?" he asked quietly. "You're feeling lonely?"
Mycroft was reading the newspaper in his usual seat at the Diogene's – well, pretending to, to be more precise. He already knew all the news of the day – and even some of next week's. From all over the world. Literally.
. However, he decided against typing it, afraid it would only worsen the situation and increase the tension in the room. This was so awkward. At a loss, the manul finally cast his gaze down, and waited. He missed the flash of pain in Sherlock's eyes.
"All my life I've been searching for distractions. You were the best distraction and now I don't even have you. Because I've
"I'll go to the bar tonight," you say determinedly. Seb goggles. "And apologize to her," you add with a small smile. "I owe her that, at least."
Mary nods eagerly, looking at the screen again. "Yes. That's it. Now I want to know what the second keyword is even more."
Well. You didn't either. Except that maybe, you muse, Sherlock had considered the possibility that someone would read this notebook after all, and had made sure to prepare everything to ridicule said person.
Letting go of his arm, he set about taking off his own. Sherlock closed his eyes and took a deep breath. How idiotic could he be? He hadn't realized until now that
He followed, annoyance overlapping worry. In the living-room, he found John in front of his laptop, opening a word document. As Sherlock walked towards him, he started typing.
The collision sends a current of electricity throughout Sherlock's body. No. There is no fear. No turmoil. Just irritation because a stranger talking on the phone has just run into him.
In a flash you close the door in his face, swoop down on the bed, take the shirt out, push the crib into the corner, open the door.
The tiger started a little as John stirred in his sleep, whimpering softly. Sherlock blinked, and his face broke into his Cheshire cat grin. That was it. The tiger added a paw next to his head and tentatively crept up towards the manul's wrinkled and plushy face. A few more inches...
"I am well aware that you are much more experienced in this John, but you must realize that the whole concerto plus our discussion is a very long time for me to feel you right on me. I'm quite surprised I haven't come yet."
"John." There is warning in your voice. And perhaps a bit of pleading too, though you don't really want to admit it to yourself. You know he doesn't think he was mad. He was just grieving. And hurting, badly. Hurting because of you.
It was unfair though, he thought as he folded his newspaper to pretend to read another page, that the moment he'd found something dearer than the game, he had been forced to give it up to play once more. And Mycroft knew Sherlock. He would suffer, indubitably, but then he'd fall for it again (no pun intended). He certainly wouldn't get bored – he'd be provided with everything he'd always been addicted to. There would be no lack of thrill. He'd never be short of danger and situations where he'd die if he didn't prove clever enough. And John wouldn't be there to save him this time.
"No you don't! Clearly you don't. You're the one who might not be satisfied with this arrangement, not
You are in a car and John is holding you. He has been holding you for a long time. Under the rain, in front of the gravestone. Your gravestone. Under the rain, through the cemetery, among graves and corpses below. His hand never leaving yours. His thumb never stopping its circular strokes. The car was waiting outside the cemetery and John exchanged a few words with the man sitting in front. It is silent inside the car, but outside the rain keeps falling, beating on the bodywork.
Molly sat down with them and started telling him how she had run into this man on Christmas Eve, and ended up with a hat and a goose... John half-listened to her, wondering if Maggie was at her sister's now, and hoping dearly that they wouldn't find out the D.I. who had visited Emily was in fact Sherlock. No matter how he looked at it, he could find no redeeming factor in his attitude towards Maggie. He had used her to get away from Sherlock. Had dumped her on Christmas day because his flatmate wasn't answering his text. Had denied kissing said flatmate even though she had been
I took the liberty to come in early to prepare something to eat. I hope you're hungry. Would you like to have dinner with me, Mr. Holmes?"
As he spoke again his voice sounded slumberous even to his own ears. He didn't understand why though, because he was starting to feel a bit restless. How could you be shifty and comatose at the same time?
John could not ignore the pang of disappointment. But looking at Sherlock's genuinely eager expression, his eyes aflame with wonder and excitement, John could not be mad at him. In fact, it rather made him feel even more ashamed and useless. He was seriously starting to consider the possibility of going back to the computer and telling Sherlock to go on his own when the consulting detective snuggled closer and clumsily wrapped his arms around him. Gradually, John let himself relax into the embrace.
So he put the manul down and followed him up the staircase, watching closely lest he pass out again or miss a step. Once in his room though, John was too wobbly to jump onto the bed, and he knew his stomach would have lurched dangerously had he tried. He didn't want to mewl and beg for help, though, so he was very grateful when he felt a pair of awkward, slender hands pick him up without his needing to ask.
Jim Moriarty's first crime was the murder of young Carl Powers. He was still a child back then, and hated Powers because he always made fun of him. So he found the perfect way to kill him without anyone noticing that it was in fact murder – anyone but Sherlock, of course. But Jim didn't know that. At the time, he only gloated over the fact that they were all idiots, and that they weren't even worth killing. He was glad Carl Powers was dead, but now he was bored. Killing was so easy, it wasn't worth it. He needed much more than that. Something that wouldn't be dull. Something requiring his full intellectual skills. A job he'd have to invent himself.
That he'd doubted what he'd seen. And John hadn't understood. John had been angry with him and Sherlock had to explain. That he'd seen it, but couldn't believe it... just like John did not believe him.
to her. He had actually apologized after having so stupidly mocked her and her silly gift without knowing it was addressed to him. That's when Molly realized how much he had changed since he had met John – and she wasn't saying John had a good influence on him or anything like that, no. Rather, Sherlock was willing to make efforts to adapt, to
"It is, isn't it?" Hilton commented. "Precisely, I was going on a ride with a friend. Would you like to join us? I have enough horses for all of us, and I'm sure he would be delighted to meet you!"
want to shock Sherlock now. Shock him into the realization that he wasn't leaving. Not now, not ever. And that Sherlock was worth so much more than a disliked jumper.
While she's reading about the life of Adela Quested, John is typing on his laptop about Sherlock. Some French poet said once that love wasn't looking each other in the eye, but looking in the same direction.
Tell me... what that first text you sent from my phone was all about. The brother being the... murderer if he had a green... ladder."
Petrified, Sherlock was at a loss for words. If he could no longer fool even John, what would he do?
That wasn't quite true, however – he had never heard such a virulent speech full of hatred directed towards him and
"Now, that's a good boy," Moriarty commented with satisfaction, playing with one of Sherlock's curls. John's chest heaved with rage.
"It does," you cut in. "It does, Sherlock. Seb was my friend. But if I had been in your stead, and you in mine... I would have shot him just the same."
"I sent both emails, knowing that Hilton always stayed up until midnight in the little parlour, reading. I also knew this was a time at which Abby and Elsie liked to meet, probably because they found the risk of being found out thrilling."
are they? - Look at that. One thousand, eight hundred and ninety-five. - Sorry, what? - I re-set that counter last night. This blog has had nearly two thousand hits in the last eight hours. This is your living, Sherlock – not two hundred and forty different types of tobacco ash.
. Sherlock still couldn't walk around the flat half-naked or dressed in only his blue robe, for fear John would find out his injury hadn't exactly been caused by a blade.
Making a bed with Sherlock is possibly the strangest thing you've done today. That's something to add to the list of surreal events of the day. Sherlock making tea. Sherlock making a bed. Sherlock being
Sherlock frowned and looked away. "I have different hypotheses so far." Sally snorted, and Sherlock glared at her. "I lack data."
He felt something deep inside him break with a snap – and then it was gone, just like Harry slamming the door in her wake.
of them, and regardless of how infuriating his little brother was, he would never want him to come to harm.
You send her a glare, but she responds with a winsome smile. She does look gorgeous: the type John would love having as a girlfriend. You frown. Molly takes your arm and presses it softly.
The lifeless face stupefied him on the spot. Sherlock was definitely not merely pondering the case and ignoring him because his comments about food weren't relevant.
He walked up closer to the tiger just as the latter finally succeeded in opening the laptop without damaging it. Sherlock stepped aside so John would see the
But John didn't let him catch his breath. He made a mental note while he sneakily slipped his left hand back to Sherlock's chest, fondling it in an electrifying skimming. Explanations, check. Shared memories, now.
When you finally get up, Mary is still sleeping by your side on the sofa-bed. You smile. Silently, you leave the living-room and walk down the corridor into Blake's room. You are surprised to find him awake.
There was something genuinely hurt in his tone, beyond the frustration, and John felt bad for him. Sherlock, however, did not appear very sheepish.
help because he was scared to return to Horsham, hence his staying in London for a few days. It would've seemed suspicious even to him that James Calhoun was in London on a week-day. It would've taken merely a few seconds for it to dawn on him I'd say, even if he wouldn't have been sure. Calhoun had to be quicker this time."
Hey, Sherlock, how long? - What? - How long have you known? - Well, this one was quite simple. And the bomber repeated himself. That was a mistake. - No, but Sherlock, the hostage, the old woman, she's been there all this time!
on the hip joint, which seemed to be a ridiculously sensitive area on Sherlock's body. Gently but quite assuredly, John parted his legs, tracing the music onto the soft white skin of his thigh, and he could positively observe the jolt that it sent straight to his friend's groin.
It must have sounded like the consulting detective's usual peremptory demands to John at the time. But Dreaming-Sherlock knew it was a request. Dreamt-Sherlock wanted John to take his hand. Not the other way round.
You repress a groan, wishing you could just sleep or have this conversation in less awkward a position, ideally with John in your field of vision.
Looking up discreetly, meeting his eyes, John could tell his mind was elsewhere. Somewhere John could not follow. Sherlock was looking at him, with a mix of tenderness and graveness the manul did not quite understand; but he seemed to be looking past him as well, much beyond.
Sherlock couldn't just wait here until his nemesis answered or John appeared at the door, so he went out to all the places he could think of, bars and pubs and even parks, asking every Baker Street Irregular around to know if they'd seen him. Some had in fact, and told him he'd been walking briskly as if he were very busy or very intent on getting wherever he was going. Sherlock paled and felt the ice grow in his chest.
They hadn't accepted his resignation, so he still had to get up in the morning. Shower. Shave. Dress up. And go.
And then you're off, running away more than anything, and still having absolutely no clue as to what should be done in such a situation.
Delicately you place him back in his crib and make your way out of the room in silence. This flat is nice. You're so glad Mary got along with Mrs. Turner and could move somewhere so close to 221B. Of course it'd be better if she had her own room rather than sleeping in the living-room, but as soon as Blake gets old enough he can move into the extra bedroom in 221B and Mary can have the bedroom in her flat.
"I was not trying to hurt you," he says quietly. He is looking down at his cup of tea, his expression dark. You feel the urge to take his hand in yours.
His day goes by slowly and he's burning with impatience all the while he's working at the clinic. Finally he's off and shouting to the cabbie '221B Baker Street, please!' When he does get there, though, he suddenly becomes hesitant, and almost hopes Mrs. Hudson doesn't answer the door.
He chuckles and leans in to kiss her, aiming for the cheekbone – Mary has dimples when she makes that lovely moue of hers, which John finds adorable. But she turns her head at the last moment and his lips land on her temple.
had automatically popped up when he'd seen him the first time. Okay, maybe not the first time. The first concept that had come to his mind might have been
But before you can catch her, she's skipping off again, laughing. You let her go, and leave the flat.
Thinking about it still hurts, of course. Life and death are such heavy things to deal with. Looking at Blake's peaceful face, you wonder whether parents ponder it at all before getting kids: whether they are aware of the extent of their responsibility in giving birth to someone – in giving life. And death, incidentally, because they come together, don't they? There's no one-way ticket to life.
Victor smiled. "Of course, John. You don't have to worry about the tickets or the food or anyhing you might need while there. You are my guests. And naturally I will also pay whatever... consulting fee you deem appropriate."
"No, you go around with a gun, which is so much more common," Sherlock mumbled, disgruntled. He had thought that surely he'd succeeded in persuading John already, and to have his plans thwarted by such lowly practical details was truly frustrating.
Mary blinks. Then she remembers the movie and the book and bursts out laughing. "No, God no! Nothing like that. I'm sleeping in Sherlock's bedroom after all, and–"
"What was your nightmare about?" he asked, as quietly as John had told him to turn around. The movement of the shower head came to a halt and Sherlock could positively feel John stiffen from the tension it conveyed to the water through the shower he was holding.
"The problem is that you were kidnapped again because of me, were ready to be raped because of me, were treated like some inferior being just because you are with me, and all this time I was manipulating you in the worst possible way to make you stay with me. Don't you see? You're already addicted John! You said it yourself. You have to go. You have to go, while I can still give you the chance to."
He's furious. You would be too, if some guy speaking on the phone just ran into you while you were carrying so many books. You actually wonder how the old man could have carried so many at a time.
John thought about it and conceded with a nod. "But now it's different. If you don't want to take cases from Lestrade anymore, there's–"
with him and not here with strangers holding him back pulling him away from the darkness that had swallowed the detective and why should they care when they were here to kill him in the first place anyway? But all John could do was struggle and cry out to the abyss and refuse to be shaken out of it because no, no,
"I'm sure it is highly reassuring to hold such powers. At least your brain allows you to put him on a leash and only give him an impression of freedom. You're good: that's how dogs should be tamed and trained."
"Thank you for answering our questions, Mr. Barnicot," Sherlock said at last, easing the tension a little. "Doctor, one last thing, and we shall leave you to your next appointment."
All the while, Sherlock just stood there, dumbfounded. His brain was still processing everything that had just been said.
. It would never come up in their conversation anyway; they seemed to have reached a tacit agreement that their strange feline adventures should remain unmentioned. Cuddling as a manul would change nothing.
Did he always have to be so extreme? It was like asking a child to clean up his room and see that he had in fact cleaned the whole house, throwing away half of its contents in the process because it had been deemed 'messy', and leave to never come back for the same reason ('a perfectly clean house wouldn't be so with me in it now, would it?'). All right, so maybe children didn't usually do that, but Sherlock would. And on a larger scale, here he was, hiding from him, doing God knows what, and risking getting killed. Or maybe already dead.
the criminal was down there – and that was the completion of the detective's humiliation. Slowly, almost sweetly, still grinding him, his nemesis lifted his chin and made him look straight into his sardonic eyes, tears pouring from his own.
Irene had encountered many people in whose company she felt helplessly bored, but never had she known anything more tedious than dinners with Samuel Hupaetos. The worst part of it was that he was trying to make conversation. He was trying to be pleasant.
And with those words he violently turned Sherlock around, smashed his face into the table, and pinned him down with just one hand. Sherlock was as meek as a sheep.
Sherlock’s gaze stopped on something on the floor, hidden in the shade of the counter. He bent down to pick it up.
You look down. Well. This is going to be quite the fall indeed. Upon hearing a car rushing at the corner of the street, you turn your gaze.
John laughs nervously. And isn't Sherlock responsible for that too? He didn't manage this well. He should never have let John see him. He's only making things worse for him.
"I didn't really have much choice. No time to obtain other papers, I had to do with those I already had in my possession –
"John. The fangirl look suits you more than the murderer's," Mrs. Hudson's remarks coolly, snapping him out of his thoughts.
"In fact, I must confess something... I have been following you for quite some time, and this isn't really an accident."
Molly chuckled lightly. She felt very out of place suddenly. What was she doing here? Laughing with a friend and trying to
Sebastian turned to her. They stood in silence for a while. Moran looked at the raven again with a grin. He bent and put out his cigarette in the snow, and Eliska watched absently as he pocketed the butt. While he took out his gun she wondered briefly what the apple Jim had prepared for Sherlock to bite into was exactly.
"Stop right there," she interrupts. You shiver. Only Sherlock is supposed to be able to read your mind so easily. Why do they have to be so similar in some respects?
But it was more than that. If someone attempted to get rid of him by taking his life, it meant the person acknowledged his presence somehow. Sherlock had come to the conclusion that all which was worth something in his life was his brain. His intellect. Cocaine was fun, but didn't allow him to feel like he was part of the world – like he took part in the game. The Work he'd created for himself was perfect. It allowed him to interact with people who had to recognize his ability, whether they liked it or not. Sherlock never liked feeling like the puppet master, above everyone else and fundamentally
Sherlock heard Sebastian bite into his apple beside him, but the sound seemed even farther than the fires.
"That is a very good question," Victor replied grimly. "The keys are magnetic cards. One is given to each occupant of the room. Mr Leverton had left his at the front desk before his trip, and Mrs Leverton had forgotten hers in the room. She came to the front desk that evening asking to be let in. She thought she might have lost it, but actually she had left it on the pedestal table."
One of Sherlock's many faults had been to start caring. Another one had been to be so blatantly obvious about it. It hadn't even crossed his mind that his very presence by the side of those he loved could represent a deadly threat to them. They weren't normal, weak people after all. They knew the risks, too. But did he? Like a child who's never had any toy, he hadn't believed it could break, once he'd been given one.
This is bad. Night terrors. John has of course heard about them, and even had some patients – children, usually, but an adult too, once – with such issues. John isn't a specialist of parasomnia disorders, but he can tell this wasn't just a normal nightmare. Sherlock could not hear him. John keeps calling, but he remains unresponsive. He screamed when he jumped out of bed. John could not reach him.
Sherlock looked away, but John's hand continued to caress the back of his head and nape of his neck.
Hilton mumbled something incomprehensible, his eyes filled with fear; but his hand wasn't shaking as he followed John's orders. All the while, the doctor had been forcefully pressing Sherlock's wound with his own jumper, which he'd taken off. He stood, went to take pillows from the bed, opened the wardrobe quite violently, and grabbed towels before kneeling down by Sherlock's side again.
It was the tiger's turn to jump, and his snarl was so violent John thought he would go for the jugular vein.
"I think we'll just go home, but thanks, Mrs. Hudson," you answer, checking Sherlock's face for confirmation. Sherlock nods.
He swallowed but didn't avert his eyes – truth be told, he couldn't quite tear his gaze away from his friend. He wished he could, wished he could just shoot the wall and run away. Some insane part of his brain even suggested he kill himself on the spot – or rather, kill John, then himself. Erase it all. There would be no traces left of what they'd had.
with you? I don't care if you're not happy, I need to make a call so someone comes and takes you home!"
With one hand you try to stop the haemorrhage and with the other search for your phone in your jean's pocket.
The door beeped as a card was inserted, and then it burst open. John froze. There was no time to hide. What would Irene Adler think? What—
"And I was wondering, won't you come to one of our meetings? I mean the others would be just thrilled y'know and-"
"That's great, that's great," he comments with a little too much enthusiasm to be completely sincere. "I'll definitely get you a candle tonight!"
"Maybe you can enlighten me, Miss Hooper. Do you have any idea what Sherlock's intentions are? Why did he "commit" suicide?"
"I can't exactly bring you to Buckingham palace, if that's what you have in mind," John answered with good humour. "And there's no way I'm going back to Dartmoor."
Your eyes catch Mary's and you finish together: "O Leerie, see a little child and nod to him tonight."
it would always be John and not her, but she didn't care. She had come to appreciate both men, and she had known Sherlock long enough to notice when something was troubling him. She just didn't know what could be wrong, and she couldn't really envision the detective coming to her for tips on how to tell your flatmate you were in love with him and that you wished he would stay by your side forever. She blushed. That just sounded so much like marriage! Oh my God. What was she thinking, really, musing of the pair's wedding in the shower when they weren't even dating? She was glad nobody could read her mind, because surely, as John would put it, people would talk.
"And how is that any relevant? We need to find the killer before he strikes again, Sherlock!" the D.I. told him once.
"Can't you stop touching me?" Sherlock grumbled. "If you're so emotionally demanding, why don't you–"
John was late coming down that morning. Sherlock had been up most of the night, as usual, and was now checking his website to see if there were any new cases. There were none. He sighed.
what Sherlock had been through just the previous day, how fragile his mind must have been. He'd snapped and left him alone in the flat.
You jump, startled by the clip of scissors. Your head snaps up. You see Mary cutting flower heads from a bouquet in a vase, and putting them to float on water. But something isn't right. The flowers aren't yellow.
; they carried the novelty of something you were not only unable to anticipate but also unable to comprehend. You found yourself addicted.
Her unfinished question was addressed to Lestrade, and with one last look at her, Sherlock took his leave.
Sherlock glared at him, and John looked up, a frown on his face; seeing that he had their attention, Jim went on tauntingly:
They locked eyes, and Moran felt himself drown in the incandescence and sheer madness of those darkened pupils. Moriarty's face cracked into a grin.
"The first thing we need is more discretion," Sherlock informed rather coldly, almost scowling at Trevor. John rolled his eyes.
"John. You're trembling. What's wrong?" came Sherlock's voice. Amidst the storm of his thoughts, John wondered whether he did not hear concern there, instead of irritation. But he had no voice to answer his partner anyway.
She had gone to Lestrade and asked him to find John's address for her – or at least his sister's contact. She had called Harry, who had been incredibly glad to hear that a friend – a woman – was looking for John. Molly begged her not to tell him she'd called, and Harry reluctantly agreed.
As John walked away from 221B, more vexed and hurt than words could describe, Sherlock was falling in a world of silence, his empty eyes unable to tear themselves away from the hope-consuming message.
A chuckle escaped Sherlock's lips as John scratched his nose with his paw in his sleep, furrowing his fluffy brow comically, his flat face puffing. All right, so maybe he wouldn't exactly go unnoticed. Still, he was more discreet than a tiger, although he certainly couldn't hold a gun in cat form. Sherlock's face broke into a grin at the mental image.
Moran stood still for a moment. But Sherlock, if he'd noticed, was not waiting for him, and Sebastian soon followed again.
When steps were heard down in the entrance and rushing up the stairs, before someone burst into the living-room, the figure didn't move. He remained standing still at the window, and the cold from the night seeping through the thin glasspane was creeping up his face already.
"If he had been charged with the murder of Jim Moriarty and every other deed the consulting criminal managed to blame him for, would you have stood up for him and remained by his side until the end?"
John smiled as he pressed himself to the chair and to the warm, trembling back, grinding so Sherlock would sense the move, inviting him to sway along, and soon they were rippling together, their bodies pressed flushed against the back of the chair, undulating and writhing to the frenzied tempo. Sherlock was truly brilliant. He could manage this conversation and the dancing and the touching and the music.
‘One of the maids, surely?’ the man said, looking anything but sure. Sherlock clicked his tongue. Victor’s hand was on his arm in a second, trying to be calming. Strangely, it worked.
He tried moving his torso in an alluring wave-like motion, slowly revealing what lay underneath his shirt – he was letting said shirt hang just at his shoulders, intending to shrug it off to the floor as 'sexily' as he could manage.
Sherlock shrugged, before realizing John had perfectly guessed his thoughts. He stared, and John smirked.
double bed. Mycroft frowned. He really did not like this. The hotel offered eleven rooms. The ten other rooms had been occupied during those nights by the groom's parents, three of his cousins, his childhood friend and best man, the bride's brother and his wife, the bride's colleague and matron of honour with her husband, two friends from school with their husbands, and then three couples of friends (including Brown and White) of the bride and groom. Finally, the bride and groom themselves. It seems the groom was not as well-off as the bride, and considering the wealth of
see it. It's here. It's here. - Are you all right? John. -Jesus Christ... It was the hound, Sherlock. It was here. I swear it, Sherlock. It must... It must... Did... did you see it? You
Speaking of which, it was high time Sherlock went in to get John back. As he walked around the house again, he stopped by the couple's bedroom window. It was closed, so he could not hear what they were saying, but he could observe. And observe he did.
"There's something you are not telling me. You don't have to, I suppose. I am no Sherlock, and I would be no use in investigating anything. So keep your secrets, Mycroft. But ensure my wife's safety. If you hid something from me today and any harm comes to her, I will kill you."
The more he speaks, the more assurance he gains. His stance is more confident, his tone, more assertive. It seems to calm him down. Giving you facts. Only facts, you realize. Very specific, very detailed. Dates, places, actions. This must have been the way he would have written down his own cases had he bothered to do so. You almost understand why he was disappointed in your blog. Facts. Logical lines of reasoning which led to actions. Conversations he remembers, word for word. The one on St Bart's rooftop chills you to the bone. The one Sherlock had with Molly in the lab before he jumped makes you sick with jealousy. He doesn't tell you many discussions he had with Seb. Actually, he tells you none. He must not consider it relevant. Not important. Superfluous. But you know, from what you've seen, that his relationship with Seb must have had a lot more importance than he lets on. Perhaps he doesn't realize it. Perhaps he doesn't know how to voice it. Perhaps he doesn't want to tell you. The words fall out of his mouth fluently. Your brain processes them at your pace, and you know Sherlock repeats himself when he sees you have switched off. Your tea is still warm under your palm, your hand wrapped around the mug but not bringing it to your mouth. Sometimes your brain makes links, connects an event Sherlock has just recounted and things Seb said to you when he was still alive.
His tone was cold, and Irene frowned in order not to flinch. Flinching was definitely not one of her habits.
You part a few hours later, and kiss at the door of the bar. You never went to her place, and she's never come to Baker Street. You agreed that you'd see her flat after the wedding, and that the party should take place there – as a goodbye to the apartment she would leave, to move into 221B. It is a funny way to proceed, you suppose, but quite fitting for the situation. As you press your lips to hers, you revel in the distinct taste of tobacco, tabasco and lemon, and wonder almost unconsciously how different Sherlock's lips would have felt and tasted if you'd kissed him that night you both thought Irene Adler had died. He hadn't drank any cocktail, but he had smoked that one cigarette.
"the last, maybe" in reference to the fleeting instant with the literal temporal connotations of 'the hour'.
"Oh, really?" The woman's lips curved up, showing her teeth wolfishly, and her eyes lit up with something like mischief.
"Are you out of your mind?" Sherlock asked, and John felt heat rise in his cheeks when he realized it was a real question. He growled.
They can't possibly be poisoned, John. This must have been some kind of joke, you're taking the matter too seriously!" Mary had said before you got the results from Molly. You'd had the very bad idea to express some concern.
Her second husband was a colonel working for the Glavnoye Razvedyvatel'noye Upravleniye. She had met him when Branislav was still alive and had been appointed as ambassador in Moscow. She married him when she was 24. He tragically died in service a year later; this time round, Eliska had no hand in it. It seemed that working for the GRU had the potential – and most regrettable – effect of shortening one's life expectancy.
"Is that all right?" the doctor asked, looking his lover in the eye intensely. "How do you like it?"
"Hahaha! No, not on the same end. Doesn't matter though, does it? What I meant was that once the case is solved, it's there again, threatening to eat us away. Meaninglessness. Boredom. The absolute void. Unnerving, ain't it?"
John remained standing. "It really isn't. God, how many times are we going to have this conversation?"
His voice was deep, his tone mocking – the tone of a cynic. John's hand in his curls pulled the hair gently and curved the nape of his neck, forcing Sherlock to lock eyes with him.
"He called me John, you know," she said, feeling a bit drunk already, fighting back off the tears. "There was only John for him. I couldn't even remember his name at the beginning – John's, I mean – but Sherlock, he only saw John, he saw John everywhere, every other person was John to him... Oh I'm pathetic I'm talking nonsense..."
Sherlock was almost surprised at his own barking voice. Almost. Not many things surprised him, these days. Not many things at all. He looked absent-mindedly at the man's back disappear into the crowd.
All at once everything goes wrong. The men are on you but the moment they touch you the earth on the other side of the canyon collapses - and John with it. Into the abyss.
"Jim Moriarty was arrested... well, abducted by our services. In exchange for the crucial information we needed, he asked about Sherlock's childhood. Obviously he was up to no good, but I warned Sherlock about it. I warned him, and... My mistake was to be blind to the man's true character. His true purpose, too. I did not expect him to kill himself. Only for this reason did he manage to have Sherlock jump."
"Your prescription will soon expire, Dr. Watson. Be sure to bring a new one with you next month; but perhaps you will change treatment? It's already been seven months... Well, of course, as a doctor, you would know."
"Either way, you shouldn't meddle. He's on edge. Seems pretty angry with you, for some reason. And doesn't give a damn about Sherlock's name. He misses the man too much for that."
The D.I. rolled his eyes. "Maybe he was too busy running away from the police after having committed murder?"
It was the note he'd left for Mycroft on his own table before... Mycroft. He'd called Harry. Bastard. John wanted to ignore the note too, but his brain was quicker and had already made out the words scribbled in a tight handwriting:
The look Mrs Hudson gave him despite her perfectly convincing tone told John that she had some idea of where Sherlock was and in what shape. John smiled as agreeably as possible. This was such bad timing. Just when he was about to finally get Sherlock to talk to him... Now, with a case, who knew when the consulting detective's mind would be available again?
He looked down at the plate and noticed that the eggs and bacon had even been cut in small portions to make it easier to eat. What in the world had got into him?
"During sex? You're anything but laughable. You're refreshing and endearing and so bloody talented it's unfair, but..."
"Oh, Seb, you're funny, you're very funny." He ran a hand in his hair and suddenly turned to the sniper, adding excitedly: "What if I hired you to off your current client? What would you say?"
John never wanted to know, because it wouldn't bring Sherlock back: it didn't matter why he jumped from Bart's rooftop that day, what mattered was that he
Before he could say anything, however, John was slipping on his jacket and putting on his shoes. Sherlock just complied because he was glad enough to be out of the flat when Lestrade ca... Oh.
He'd been confused against Irene Adler. Terrified in Baskerville. How could he cope with this? That hyperactive child. That impossible man.
. It had not crossed his mind that his partner might not be feeling as content as he was: hadn't John asked quite explicitly if they could cuddle? Didn't that mean that cuddling was all he had wanted? If there had been something else, why hadn't he asked for it? John was proud, but if he had mustered the courage to come to Sherlock's room, surely he was past self-consciousness and such nonsense. Wasn't he?
A twitch betrayed his lingering annoyance and when you locked gaze he rolled his eyes and looked away. Dreaming-Sherlock looked away from dreamt-Sherlock, who was watching John's back with unusual intensity.
John typed as fast as possible – which wasn't very fast at all. I WAS HAPPY BECAUSE I WAS FINALLY AT PEACE WITH MYSELF, BUT THEN SHE HAD TO GO AND SAY THOSE HORRIBLE THINGS TO YOU...
it made sense, it felt like it. Like nothing else could ever make more sense, really. And yet when Sherlock looked back on it, he couldn't account for it rationally.
"Oh yeah, he'll be just fine. Just a bit queasy from the trip, I think. He's the sensitive kind." John gloated slightly as he freely got Sherlock back for the names and the whole marriage thing. "I'm sure he'll be fine tonight."
The detective was quite confused and hadn't planned on coming himself – but John writhing under him, John thrashing against the handcuffs, John screaming as he came all over their groin was all too arousing for Sherlock, and he reached his climax just after his partner.
"Are you all right?" Sherlock inquired again. John could have sworn his tone was tinged with worry. He nodded stiffly.
You peek at Sherlock. His features are tense, and you are quite sure he would have run away, had you not been by his side when he saw the police car and Lestrade's back.
"Sherlock." John caressed soothingly the cold palm with his thumb. "If you're not comfortable with anything... physical, it's okay. I don't mind. Well, maybe I will at the beginning, a bit, but... What I'm trying to say is that we don't have to do it. I won't leave you, even if you don't want me to touch you."
he amended. Sherlock was usually titillated by weird cases. And a man going to a private detective because his wife was receiving strange smileys and seemed terrified but wouldn't tell him anything about it, and who wouldn't intrude because he'd promised her he wouldn't pry, was quite peculiar indeed.
Only silence greeted him, but the hand that wasn't holding his nested itself in the crook of his back and pulled him closer. John could positively feel the warm glow spread from those slender fingers to his entire body, and the soft curls and the skin quivering with light. He was too confused to realize how illogical it was to feel the skin although the silhouette he'd seen had been wearing a shirt, or to always have that warm hand wrapped over his no matter the position he took – quite a bit of contortion, Sherlock would have said. But Sherlock wasn't there and John was too far gone to make any rational comment. He only managed to utter sluggishly:
...are the lingering thoughts that come with it, always. But John doesn't utter them. He got his deal of pointlessness, and has had quite enough.
"The manacles are real ones, by the way. Got them from Lestrade. There's no way you can take them off by yourself."
He shook his head vigorously, trying to get rid of the water, wrinkling his nose and shutting his eyes tightly. His grimace was so adorable that John forgave him and began to wet his hair more methodically in order to wash it.
"I'll move, I'll move! Just give me a second," Sherlock grumbled, trying to adjust to the foreign sensation.
"Could be dangerous," Sherlock said, catching John's thought God knows how. "Not in a good way, either."
He couldn't say he didn't see it coming. Thinking about drugs and then going to a place linked to your very trauma
He bit the sensitive flesh of the crook and sucked. John couldn't believe how silly it was that a love-bite in such a place made him moan so lustfully.
"Here is my number. Please call me if anything else comes back to your mind, or if anything new happens. Who knows, maybe you'll find another gem in one of your geese soon!"
They stayed like this for a moment – and maybe more than a moment, John could no longer tell and Sherlock couldn't care less.
It is in those moments, when her voice is so sweet and her words so sharp, that you feel like kissing her.
Today, John was determined to see Sherlock as little as possible. It was Christmas Eve, after all, and he felt guilty enough knowing he'd be leaving Sherlock alone while he spent it with Maggie. He had told his flatmate already, but since there had been no reaction, he'd concluded that Sherlock either didn't care as much as he thought or that he hadn't been paying attention. Either way, there was no going back. Everything was planned and Maggie had just told John by text that she'd already got a goose from her sister who lived in the countryside and was preparing it for dinner.
as Moriarty had done. Involving your body. Involving your gaze. Involving dance, and desire, and fear, and the risk of death. And shame, too." Sherlock tensed imperceptibly. John reaffirmed his grip on his hand. "I don't pretend I thought I could
Sherlock's head was spinning under the assault of foreign sensations. That's how addictions always started: the feeling that it was all too much, and yet the outrageous hankering for
Molly felt a shiver run down her spine. She highly doubted Sherlock was still capable of such things. Sulking. Acting like a child - at least an innocent, oblivious child. She knew it was for Sherlock's safety, but she wished Mycroft could have told her more when she had gone to see him. She desperately wished she knew how he was doing, how he was
"You've got a peculiar image of warriors, Seb," Sherlock said, and his tone was genuine. It made Moran want to hug him – or put a bullet in his head to see the shock and childlike surprise on his face. He ran his fingers in Sherlock's curls.
fine. I'm absolutely fine. - Yes, you're great. Now I'll be next door if you need me. - Why would I need you? - No reason at all.
"I am going to marry him, Cath. I love him, and if you can't understand that, then you can just piss off."
But what John was witnessing now was horrible enough for even the grimmest prospects to feel surreal. The present was too gripping, the aversion and the dread too vivid to be coupled with any vision of the future at all. And all John could do was watch as nausea rose stronger and stronger in his chest.
"Always." You smile down at her, not sure she can make it out in the dark. She closes her eyes with a nod and lets go of your hand.
He stepped into the shower and pulled the curtain swiftly. Since the direct approach did not work, Sherlock was forced to test the waters. He heard John come in to retrieve a towel just after he'd switched on the shower. He smiled. So John had been waiting for him to start showering before he came in to dry himself up a bit. Sherlock heard him open the cupboard and grab a towel. It was peculiar to have him in the room while he was washing himself; strangely intimate.
However, that was where the list of his good points stopped. John had prided himself in being Sherlock's increasingly essential colleague, providing some very much needed protection during cases. But he had also been kidnapped and used against Sherlock. Sometimes, even when he was with Sherlock, his bravery and sense of comradeship and sacrifice were not enough.
There was only one parking meter they could think of, which was in front of the bookshop. The problem was, they no longer had said papers. Joseph Openshaw didn't take it seriously and was found dead the next day in Portsdown Hill where he'd gone to visit an old friend.
Surely Sherlock seemed quite excited and irritated here. Or bored, perhaps. In any case, in these words something like an emotion transpired. Feelings. There were, surprisingly, feelings in the notebook. And humour, too, as you realized when you googled the few Latin inscriptions written in bold on key pages: the third one (
"How would I know?" she clipped. She sounded upset, something close to irritation quivering in her voice.
John freezes, and doesn't seem to know what to say. Obviously he didn't leave it there for Sherlock to see, and didn't plan on explaining to him why in the world he had it.
Your breath is caught in your throat again. But despite the fear, it is with a calmness that surprises even you that you ask, sternly:
Of course, Sherlock, being the infuriating genius that he was, noticed the blush and his face broke into a grin.
John breaks the kiss but keeps pressing his lips to your cheek, then to your chin, your throat, your collarbone. He stops and sits up. His hand wrapped around you strokes your groin, and the other continues down your right thigh.
His only friend. His flatmate. His partner, for God's sake! Although that word didn't hold the meaning John now realized he wished it would.
John stopped dead in his track and stared at his partner's back. Sherlock turned to him, and developed:
"Yeah, I know. But Mary, has anything changed between you two at all? Every time I see you with John, you seem like any happy married couple. You look good together, and by that I mean there really is a sense of intimacy between you guys, as if you'd known each other your whole life."
I've used quotes from the episodes and John's blog in this chapter. Obviously, I'm not the author. For the blog, credits go to Joseph Lidster.
Now at that time the king of Kosala, Mallika by name, was also ruling his kingdom with righteousness; and when seeking for some fault in himself, he also found no faultfinder in the palace, but only heard of his own virtue! So seeking in country places, he too came to that very spot. And these two came face to face in a low cart-track with precipitous sides, where there was no space for a chariot to get out of the way.
When Sherlock reached the garden of the house, John was nowhere to be seen. As expected. Sherlock's gaze scanned the grass where John must have stepped, and stopped in front of a ground level window. His eyes turned to slits.
"I just wanted to apologize for my behaviour earlier." John had to know about this for his own safety. "When you ran into me you dropped your wallet" He would never believe a random stranger if he were told that Sebastian Moran was a sniper who planned (maybe) on killing him (in some – unknown – ways) "– it was in my books when you gave them back to me," so Sherlock had, he just had to do this, "I suppose you didn't notice," to reveal himself to John.
, John," he susurrated, crawling on the bed to kiss his partner's belly that was trembling in raptures.
The more the tension accumulated in Sherlock's body dissolved, the more he felt submerged in hopelessness. Relaxing wasn't distracting him from anything, it was putting him face to face with his problems. All his repressed feelings went out in the open and he could no longer ignore them. He knew that this was the reason he cried every time he ejaculated, too. The release ripped him out of his soul and body, shredded him completely with the host of foreign sensations and overwhelming feelings. It was exhilarating and terrifying: it unlocked all the gates, letting out whatever was kept hidden deep inside him.
"Yes, love. A lot's wrong with you, actually. You're useless. Completely useless, Greg. You're useless as a D.I., you're useless as a husband, you're useless as–"
have a jam kink by the way... far from it xD But I think anything could be turned into a kink with those boys. Hope you enjoy reading ;)
He shifts in the bed uncomfortably, trying not to wake up John. He must have been exhausted. Still. Being able to sleep in such circumstances. A small smile graces Sherlock's lips. John. Ever the soldier.
"No, let me finish. Since you're not even capable of explaining things to her properly, just let me do it. You can be so clumsy sometimes."
A gunshot. He tried to stay conscious, fought the drug. The needle was piercing him. Another gunshot in the distance.
John's nose was funny. It was too long for his face, but it went well with his ears. His ears too were strange; depending on the point of view, they looked either quite big or very small. Probably because they stuck out, Sherlock mused, so that from up front they looked big, but when one saw John's profile, they were actually small. He had quite a lot of wrinkles, mostly around the mouth and on the brow, which always betrayed his state of mind. His mouth was quite big but his lips very thin. He was rarely well-shaven, at least for the observant eye. Not that he neglected himself. He did shave almost every day, but he probably didn't put much time into it, and often there was a slight shade above his lips, like the very faint shadow of a moustache. He often had rings under his eyes, more sunken than actually dark, which made his eyes look bigger than they were. His brow was so often creased that the four lines – two very pronounced, two much more tenuous – remained there at all times, just less visible when he was smiling. His eyebrows were the element on his face which conveyed the most his sentiments and thoughts.
without touching the detective – a movement for each note, slow and sensual, and he almost laughed, wondering how many people would use Bach to strip tease. Literally living the music through motions, he pushed his trousers down unhurriedly, then stepped out of them. Sherlock closed his eyes.
As Sherlock opened his eyes filled with tears, he saw it wasn't Mycroft he was holding anymore, but a stranger with blue eyes and greyish blond hair. He looked nothing like Mycroft. Yet Sherlock kept screaming and screaming and punching the man brokenly, more and more unconvincingly, until he fell on him and curled on himself, exhausted, sobbing.
Sherlock shrugged under his tainted scrubs that was too large for him, rolling his eyes behind his goggles before returning to his microscope.
"It must be tough, for you. Don't you feel like an abandoned puppy, all alone in that empty house just across John's–"
But the thought of doing something on his own, even if it was very akin to obeying an order in this case, was appealing enough for the manul to nod stiffly and not snap at him. Sherlock nodded as well, a little too curtly for John's comfort, and let him go. As he crossed the street, he focused very hard on not doing anything that could even remotely be seen as
violins' parts, right hand for the first soloist, left for the second. Sherlock swallowed embarrassedly and directed his gaze down.
But this was not simply fascination. The admiration was coupled with a profound respect and a fundamental trust in the consulting detective; in his deductive abilities, of course, but in him as a man, too.
"That was very clever of you, saying you feared horses! I'm sorry I didn't think, I was so caught up in the 'old uni buddy' act that I forgot for a moment why you came... Naturally, it is much better if you can spend the day with Elsie. Have you made any progress at all?"
Mycroft blinked, disbelieving. How could she be so... daft? Innocent? He wasn't quite sure what to think of it.
At the warning, Sherlock ducked. The knife flew straight into their other opponent’s stomach. Not wasting a second, Sherlock took advantage of his surprise to disarm him and knock him out with the club. He turned around to see their target now making his way to the emergency exit and ran towards him, but the knife thrower got between them and attacked. Sherlock barely had time to dodge. He clicked his tongue.
"Won't you come in for a minute, Sherlock?" Mrs. Hudson asks, wiping her eyes with the back of her hands. Sherlock glances up the stairs nervously.
And off he went - Kerplash! - into the water, along the silver path, towards the bright arch. And the nearer they came the brighter the sheen of it, till she had to shade her eyes from the light of it.
After that day, Sherlock had played the piece numerous times, and always John made sure he could observe him while he was holding the violin and running his slender fingers on the strings, successfully ignoring how much he wished he could be a violin. Now, as he was literally
Was this why Sherlock enjoyed cuddling with him? Because he wasn't hugged enough as a kid and never had a cuddly toy, maybe? John snorted. What was he thinking?
They enter the living-room and John takes in the warmth of their home. He doesn't even feel a twinge of sadness or envy, thinking this is something he'll never have.
Sherlock closed the door of his room behind him and looked at his empty bed in the semi-darkness. Everything was fine. Today had been a good day after all. John would stay in Baker Street, indefinitely.
At the admission, Sherlock felt so ashamed he wondered how he could have ever thought that physical shame was the worse to deal with. This was so much more unbearable than being ashamed of his own body.
But that was not what he'd done. He had carefully avoided it, putting it in the same bag as 'sentiments': messy, dangerous. And since when did he get scared instead of excited at the word 'dangerous'?
Sherlock wandered a little to familiarize himself with the layout of the hotel. But there was not much more to be done tonight and soon, he headed back to the room. Victor was nowhere to be seen. Sherlock found himself strangely thankful for his unobtrusiveness. If one could apply such a term to Victor Trevor.
"How can you expect me to give you what you want when you're being so damn adorable?" John teased with a wide grin. Sherlock snorted.
At this the manul, which was already falling asleep, opened its hazel eyes and peered at him through the shadows. Those ridiculously round eyes seemed to be calling him, and before he knew it, Sherlock was resting his brow against the cat's, closing his eyes. His hand running in the softer fur of the belly and chest stopped and revelled in the regular thumping and purring. It was radiating warmth and a sense of
The  detective was so miffed he was about to turn and walk out, but John  held him securely back, and gently, very, very slowly, brushed his lips  against Sherlock's. He heard his friend's breath catch in his throat,  and smiled against the quivering mouth – hoping, hoping it was trembling  with anticipation, and not fear, or disgust. It was too late to stop  and think though, so John just pressed in further, caressing the full  lower lip with his thumb, tracing the upper one with his tongue;  relishing the shiver that ran through his friend's body. Letting his  hand slide behind Sherlock's neck, he stroked his nape, massaging the  muscles softly, all the way up behind the ear, kneading the base of his  scalp. An imperceptible whimper he elicited from the detective was  enough to boost his confidence, and as his hand ran through the abundant  curls, he deepened the kiss, silently pleading for an access he was  soon granted. Smiling into the embrace, he felt himself melt into the  cherished scent and taste he had stopped hoping for, but never ceased to  desire.
Before he could change his mind, John went straight to Sherlock's room and found the door open. Of course the tiger would want to listen to everything that was being said. He must have been especially keen after hearing the words "new client" from Mrs Hudson. John went into the room, and closed the door behind him before giving Sherlock a seizing look.
It wasn't easy. Most people at the Met hated him, and his underground protection from Mycroft did not help his case. Moreover, wasn't he nosing about in order to prove that they had all made a terrible, tragic mistake which had apparently cost a young man his life? He was bound to be disliked, to the least.
Sherlock did not answer, and made a mental note to ask for two seats very far away from each other the next time they had to fly somewhere.
"Sherlock?" he asks again, even more gently, putting his hand on your arm once more. He is still wet, and stark naked. You look at him, up and down. You feel cold. Through the fabric of your blue gown, his hand is burning you. Slowly, you lean in, and press your lips to his again. It vaguely makes you think of a dog, the way they always come back and lick their master's hand. It never made sense, the dog just came, and insisted on nuzzling your hand and licking it. Or your face. Whichever was closest.
"Seb!" Mary called quietly, following him. She put a hand on his arm. They were standing just a step away from Irene, but none of them were paying any attention to the black and white crowd – black clothes, pale faces. Mary had stepped out of John's sister's umbrella without a thought. Standing under the rain so close, Irene thought that she and Moran almost looked like a couple.
Sherlock's voice had taken an unmistakably grumpy tone at that point. John smiled, wishing he could reach out to him.
He was cut off by Sherlock's tongue drilling into him and the detective wrecking havoc in his mouth. John felt the urge to grab the beloved head and pull the curls, burying his hand in dark locks of hair, and so he struggled against the handcuffs in frustration.
"The fact that she was a hitwoman is enough to get her arrested, but not to prove that she killed Brad. And it wouldn't help us find Henry."
"Oh well. We'll talk about it again when you're done, shall we? Perhaps you'll be more interested then."
She looks up at you, quite innocently, as if she hadn't been grimacing at you a second ago. A bit confused, you sit at her table, not bothering to ask if anyone is sitting there, for she's obviously alone (for some reason, the idea that she might be waiting for someone does not even cross your mind). She stares at you, not as if she were embarrassed by your peculiar attitude, but as if she were expecting some kind of explanation.
John desperately yearned for the feel of Sherlock's skin under his hands but was adamant about not removing any of his clothes. He was amazed at his own self-control, but to be quite honest the fear of losing the detective kept gnawing in the pit of his stomach, and he was painfully aware of how fragile this situation was. They were playing with fire, because that was the only way to cauterize Sherlock wholly – and, well, because that's what they did, too. Play with fire.
The man named Sebastian smirked and Sherlock felt himself flush red – whether from anger or shame, he didn't want to know. He looked away and resumed wriggling his hips to the rhythm of an imaginary beat.
Obviously...' she mutters to herself while putting on her pyjamas. 'It's not like he's just lost his best friend and the man he loves,
"Pallas's cat, they say. But you're a weird cat. You're so fluffy you look fat, and I've never seen such a flat face – as if you'd just run into a window without noticing the pane."
) and swaying his own body in tune, rhythmically. He toyed with the hip joint until Sherlock cried out, then moved to the inner thighs and pulled full mounds of fabric and flesh with quick plucking movements. Sherlock bit hard down his throat and sucked greedily, both crazed with lust and distraught.
Waiting here in the silence the nagging feeling that had been bothering him all day was becoming uncomfortably stronger. Strange thoughts about someone somewhere – London, perhaps? – eating from the nonexistent Lotus tree.
There was a moment of silence. Then Ron put back the glass on the table and walked dizzily to the bed, on which he fell.
She winces but her brother is too deeply entangled in guilt to even notice. He sidesteps her and leaves the bathroom. Following quietly, Harry allows her face to darken with worry the moment John has his back to her. He's not getting better. She can't even be happy with her new life if her brother is in such a state –
Now that he was back in 221B, everything had returned to normal. Almost. John glanced at Sherlock suspiciously whenever a cat was mentioned in the discussion, and was even trying to
"I'm sorry. There was nothing I could do. It was an accident. When Mrs. Watson was about to give birth, they took a cab to the hospital, and they were hit by a truck. The cab had gone through a red light. He must have wanted to get them there as soon as possible. They all died in the collision."
The word escaped John before he even realized what he was saying and the undertone of panic it held. He cursed the state of mind the nightmare had left him in and added in a more composed voice:
"And how much are you paying for this flat? Do you think you could give back the keys earlier than you said and avoid paying until the end of the month?"
Their eyes meet and a second later they break into a fit of giggles. The comparison was so silly and so true all at once that it was just hilarious. Once they've calmed down, Molly stands up and says:
A shiver ran down Sherlock's spine, but he straightened up and did not let it be seen. He turned and looked out the window into the night.
"Wait, don't go there!" Sherlock admonished in a low voice, trying to keep it down. But in truth he found the idea of waking up John with yet another feline on his bed quite tempting and so followed the cat, grinning somewhat mischievously.
Sherlock groaned. Stupid Woman. Could nobody be useful nowadays? He looked back to the window. Across the street, the light was turned on in the flat of the Watsons. Well, in one of the flats of the Watsons. How much money did they make to be able to afford
All at once he looked at John with wide eyes, dumbstruck. A flash of worry traversed the doctor's gaze and he froze, putting a hand on his shoulder and stabilizing himself on his partner's thighs.
"I'm sorry," John said, and forced himself not to shiver under the tiger's impassible gaze. "I made you feel miserable enough that you changed into a tiger, and for that, I apologise."
The sardonic tone was back. He stood up, smiling wolfishly, circling the stool Yngvar was sitting on.
The smirk turns into a grin, and Sherlock turns away, apparently to add some milk to his tea. Jim goes on.
Now all memories, all pieces of information appear like scattered islands on a sea of mystery. You got as much as you could from Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade, learnt everything they ever knew about Sherlock. And as you've grown frustrated of not being able to learn more about him before he became a consulting detective, both kept telling you: "You should see Mycroft."
"This is it!" Victor took out of his pocket the two cards that served as keys to room 212. "You each have one, but should you lose it or forget it inside the room, you may ask the receptionist to open the door for you. Copies of all keys are kept at the front desk."
He jumped abruptly as he felt a hand wrap around his own and opened his eyes with a violent start. A sudden throbbing pain in his temples made him blink and the queasiness came back full force. Nothing. The room was empty. Of course it was. And yet... he could still feel the warm hand on his own. His stomach lurched and the gentle squeeze on his palm made his head spin. His thumping heartbeats vibrating in his ears only enhanced the giddiness.
She almost winced, but didn't. Sherlock felt his old admiration for her rekindle at such mastery of her expressions. If only she had as much control on her own emotions...
Maggie blinked, a bit overwhelmed by this flow of words and information. She had never looked at things that way. As for John, he was getting more and more annoyed with Sherlock for making up this brilliant but ridiculous speech in his defence. He wasn't in love with Maggie. Never would be. This was only making the situation worse.
He never saw Harry cry. Not when their parents died – she disappeared for a month. Not when he went to war. Not when he came back wounded. Not when her marriage collapsed.
Except with drugs. Drugs had been salutary. At an age when any healthy young man chases after girls and drinks on bad days (and even on good ones), Sherlock could find nothing to ease the boredom. Nothing to fascinate him, nothing to attract him and stir life in his body. People were boring and stupid. The world was dull and absurd. Even when there was something interesting going on, nobody listened to him. So he started telling what he knew would trigger a reaction from people. He started deducing them and spouting it into their faces. Everyone was so selfish. He thought they'd be interested in what he said, since it was about themselves.
"He said Henry often told him that Brad had entrusted him with his soul," Sherlock went on, discarding the question.
"Bart's isn't necessarily the best place to have lunch," Mike said, "but at least I can guarantee that the sandwich place we're going is good. It's only take-away though. But they have decent coffee as well."
Gently, John grabbed the sides of his trousers, and tugged them down very, very slowly, lowering himself until he was kneeling in front of a frozen Sherlock.
She stops dead in her track and looks at you, astonished. She seems about to cry, so you add quickly:
Resolutely ignoring how embarrassing this was, he focused on the coldness of John's hands in order to think about the problem at hand – and by that he did not mean the state of his anal membrane. After a while John grumbled something and cursed, and with a caress told Sherlock that he could stand up again. Sherlock was so surprised by the gesture that he turned towards his friend, who seemed to realize only then that he had stroked the detective, and fumbled:
Then the charioteer of the king of Kosala, proclaiming his king's wickedness as goodness, uttered the First Stanza:
"Hey, calm down. I'm here, it's me. We can stop whenever you want," John murmured, completely misunderstanding the signs. His erection brushed against Sherlock's thigh. That was the last straw.
"I have no place here," he blurts out. "The situation's changed, you have a life of your own, a family–"
And so John fed Sherlock and made him watch crap telly with him for the rest of the afternoon and the evening. Sherlock didn't complain too much, for he enjoyed the petting and the general pampering. He'd thought he should keep his distance at first, sitting on the other end of the couch, not nuzzling John's hand for caresses. But quickly the doctor himself had started to stroke him, probably unwittingly at first. He'd relished the strokes and savoured how naturally John had started to pet him again, as if he'd never stopped – as if he hadn't been avoiding him for the past few weeks.
Thanks to the books that have something to do with your profession, you understand that the capital letters at the beginning of each are in fact initials. Works that Sherlock was reading at the time? That he planned on reading? But the annotations indicated that he had, most likely, already read them. Recommended books, perhaps? You smile. As if. Who would have recommended such things to a twelve year old? And who would Sherlock have listened to anyway?
"I asked him to follow me," she said simply, letting herself fall into an armchair. "He was quite... astonished to see me. I'm surprised you didn't tell him about me. Don't couples share everything?"
That Sherlock feared him greatly and became aware of it as he saw his face while hallucinating in the fog on the moor.
Silence fell over them and the rain started to fall. Turning his gaze to the empty grave, he opened his umbrella, and raised it above their heads.
But not fast enough. Everything happened very quickly. Victor was pushed back with a kick to the chest and stumbled down to his knees. As soon as he fell, the man he was fighting came into view, face still hidden, holding a gun. Pointing straight at Sherlock.
Sitting up, you looked out of the window on your right. Outside, the rain was pouring and the sky shattered by lightning. You were alone in bed, and the mattress felt cold under your body.
"I had plenty of time to rest. But you know I do not like to stay idle anyway. We picked apples in the orchard when the weather allowed it – oh I should bring you some stewed apples next time, they're delicious."
He walked back up the steps again and leant against one of the Ionic columns, looking up at the shallow dome as he lit a cigarette. Suddenly he heard footsteps. He turned to the statue of Thomas Jefferson and saw a man standing next to it. In comparison, the man seemed very small. Sherlock's eyes widened and he immediately put out his cigarette. Tensing. Feeling anger rise in him already.
Smiling, you peck her on the cheek and get the suitcase for her. "The best would be for you to stop smoking you know. Your health?"
"He came to me saying he needed my help to fake his death because someone was after his life. It seemed he knew there was a possibility he'd be forced to commit suicide, as it was the only logical outcome – or so he said. He didn't say much after we left the mortuary. I know he had been right. They used those for whom he cared to make him jump. He came to me because..."
Sherlock could have simply shaken John off and got out of bed; but he wasn't quite sure yet how to approach his friend — boyfriend? He almost snorted — about their new status and what it entailed. John had not reacted very satisfactorily to the practical approach when Sherlock had asked him directly whether sleeping together was part of the new deal. Perhaps John would not like the word deal, either. Well. First, the case. Sherlock unlocked his phone and frowned when his gaze was met by a text from Mycroft. He snorted. Mycroft never texted. Sherlock ignored it and typed his message for Lestrade quickly.
"I couldn't touch you, couldn't see you – I was completely powerless. And you're right. It did excite me – a lot." He chuckled a little nervously. "Denying it now would be absurd. But Sherlock... still, I can't approve of it. Do you realize the meaning of what you did?"
"Don't you want to go to the park, Seb?" you cut in, putting all the shopping bags on the kitchen table. Seb sighs dramatically.
The food had been exquisite and John had dozed off in front of the telly, full and content. Sherlock had done some experimenting in the afternoon, but managed to not blow up their kitchen, which was, in itself, quite a feat. Despite this, John caught himself wishing that his flatmate would just come and sit next to him. Not that he wanted to cuddle, but...
The detective looked away, unable to bear John's gaze on him. With a gentleness and a tenderness Sherlock was not ready to face, John slowly sneaked under the blanket and embraced him, pressing their bodies closer, nuzzling up to him. He let the smell of Sherlock surround him, rested his head on the pale chest and let his heartbeats hammer the proof of the detective's life into his very flesh. And as he did so, he thought this man was worth all sacrifices.
Less than an hour later, someone knocks on the door of the flat. Mary looks up from her book at John, and he looks up at her from his laptop. The staring contest goes on until he finally gives up and goes to open the door. It is Mrs. Hudson.
– and puts Blake into his arms. Is she mad? Yes, of course she's mad, that's not even a question, but seriously, don't mothers have some kind of instinct in regards to their child's safety? Clearly not.
At this Mycroft frowned. He received a text and let his eyes fall on the screen. Putting his phone back in his pocket, he smiled up at Molly. A Cheshire cat smile, only more frightening – Sherlock's was... cuter, somehow. Mycroft sent her a piercing gaze as if he could read her thoughts, and she blushed.
Sherlock was obviously annoyed, and the fire was back in his darkening pupils. John stopped his ministrations, and stroked his cheek, their faces mere inches apart. Slowly, very gently, his hand fell to the nape of his lover's neck, and he rested his brow on Sherlock's as his fingers started tapping lightly on the soft, soft skin.
When it stopped, and Sherlock finally became limp in his mouth, John slowly, very gently let go of his soft member, always holding his hand, always caressing his thigh, now in a soothing, non-arousing way. Sherlock seemed too utterly relaxed to get excited again, for now anyway. His breathing, however, was erratic, and so John crawled up to him and rested his head on his own arm to look down at his face and see his expression.
"You know, you don't have to have recourse to such techniques if you don't want to have sex with me."
"Ha ha, quite right, quite right. You've changed you hair colour? I'm Shinwell, by the way. Shinwell Johnson."
"Fine," Mycroft finally said with a smirk. "But you should take better care of him next time, Sherlock. Who knows what will happen if he is found anywhere in town with a tiger?"
The consulting detective smirked and thought that grumpy-John, whether in manul form or in human form, was definitely in his top five favourite expressions he'd ever seen his flatmate wear.
Why don't you go as well, Mrs. Hupaetos?" Casimir added coldly. "Surely it wouldn't be right for us to stay together alone in the same room."
You being funny now? - Thought it might break the ice a bit. - Funny doesn't suit you. I'd stick to ice. - John... - It's fine. - No, wait. What happened last night ... Something happened to me; something I've not really experienced before. - Yes, you said. Fear. Sherlock Holmes got scared, you said. - No, no, no, it was more than that, John. It was doubt. I felt doubt. I've
They both stared at him. He sent them one of the eerily sweet smiles he usually used on witnesses and suspects.
John blushed and slackened his grip in surprise. Sherlock took the opportunity to sneak out of bed and watch his partner.
At first neither of you utters a word. The tension is palpable, and you feel the urgent need to crush it.
Work is dull, but John puts up with it because he needs the money. He knows Sherlock has left him with everything he owned, but still that wouldn't last for a life time anyway and he doesn't want to stay idle – even if "idle" means running around London to get to know better the city Sherlock loved so much and see things how he used to see them – as much as possible anyway. John is well aware that he's no genius and will never have a mind palace in which each and every street of London would appear at his will with every possible detail that could come in handy during a chase, for instance.
"JOHN!" You and Mary jump at the roar coming from the staircase. You just have time to exchange a look before the door to the living-room is slammed open.
This time, she's the one blinking in confusion, not getting the point at all. To be fair, you didn't make much sense.
As the first images popped up on his screen, he froze. Gradually his face was filled with horror. He was too shocked to close the video, or even to turn the sound off. He watched, transfixed, until the very end.
Soon the ambulance was here, and the first aiders carried Victor’s now unconscious body away. The rest of the night went by in a flash. Waiting outside of the operating room was the worst part of it, because although Sherlock kept thinking about the case, his mind kept going off on tangents. Was John okay? What would the Woman do when she found out about Victor? Would he be fine? Did Mycroft already know this was happening and would he show up with a cigarette and a lighter?
Soon the name came trippingly on the tongue. When Sherlock started licking the crook at the back of his knee between the calf and thigh, he jolted with a groan. He didn't see his partner frown, but was well aware of the hand that pressed his thigh back into the mattress firmly, palpating the flesh with wonder, titillating the skin until John felt his blood turn to liquid fire.
"Very awake," Sherlock continued to mumble sullenly. "But you were so caught up in your stupid thoughts that you didn't even notice."
Still, the sniper had been forced to hunt down his target. It had only made the whole chase and catching more thrilling. Never had Sebastian been so excited to see the moment he would hold somebody's life in his palm.
Sherlock shivered and grabbed John's wrist, stopping him from caressing his tears away. Breathing in deeply, he synchronized his respiration with John's pulse, which was not hammering, but rather regular and soothing. Assured.
But before John could finish his sentence, a pair of fleshy lips crushed on his and swallowed his exclamation.
Winter has come and John has always found the cold invigorating. It is more pleasant to go for a brisk walk when the temperature is low – not too low, of course, but it never is too low in England. It is in a temperate zone after all, and it would never get cold enough in London for it to be dangerous to take a walk outside. Sleeping on the street is another matter altogether, but one that does not concern John. Yet.
"Just drop it, Greg. It's great his name can be cleared. His reputation meant a lot to me when he was... alive, because no matter what he said, he wanted recognition. Any genius craves an audience. But he enjoyed being the only one to know, too: alone, but above everyone else."
. Never has been, and probably never will be. You're my only friend. Now I want to keep you to myself until the end, and so I want you to enjoy it too. I'm sorry I can say nothing more. Your presence makes the atmosphere warmer and the flat more comfortable. You with me on cases provides the applause" (At this his eyes lit with amusement, and John even wondered if he didn't see him wink.) "You bounce back ideas, you make stupid comments and absurd remarks, but it gives my mind the light and energy to suddenly grasp everything. You
"Molly," Sherlock said to put an end to John's torment, finding he did not enjoy making him jealous all that much. His partner blinked.
John blinked, not sure suddenly whether he was really awake. Then he burst into laughter – which may not have been very tactful, considering his flatmate's current disoriented state.
John's gaze unwittingly landed on Victor. A long lost friend. He hadn't seemed so lost when John had seen him smoking one of Sherlock's cigarettes in their living-room, Sherlock stark naked holding the lighter for him. The scene had been beautiful. Not just the gestures and positions, but the two figures in themselves. With his slightly tanned skin and his blond hair, Trevor looked like the complete opposite of Sherlock Holmes. Yet they fit together. The grace they each had, though not quite the same, was similar. Even though Victor was someone from his past, with him Sherlock had not acted like a child at all. Standing there nude lighting a cigarette, he had seemed so much older to John, almost a different person in his ease.
"If you take me tonight, you'll know that I trust you, if not each and every one of your words," Sherlock argued.
He usually avoids Clapham High Street and the corner of the park closest to Clapham Common tube, because he feels it's too crowded. Crowded, but with the wrong people. Crowded yet lacking.
John got out of bed with determination, put on his dressing gown and headed to the kitchen to make breakfast. Sherlock had been right. He was new to this, and John should have been the one to guide him through it, not snap or run away every time some difficulty came up.
He notices she's turned his laptop on and put it obviously on the table, so he'd read his emails. Once again John feels like an old man whose children and grandchildren are desperate to keep occupied.
"You mean the very bloody ones? Got rid of them," John declared in an indifferent tone while very discreetly helping Sherlock out. With a few nimble gestures, he'd taken care of the annoying blouse.
"So..."  John began, feeling a bit awkward. But Sherlock mistook the object of  his confusion, and thought his friend was just at a loss concerning the  case at hand.
And so Seb starts playing the guitar while Mary takes her pie out of the oven, elated to see she succeeded and showing Seb excitedly. He simply nods at her, smiling. She takes her mug of tea and joins Seb in the living-room.
"I know who she is," Victor whispered, and he looked broken. A sigh ripped through him and his body felt back into the armchair, where he rested his head in his hands. John felt bad for him, but he was also glad that the eye contact had been interrupted. He hated himself a little for feeling that way.
He almost immediately realized what he was doing, and how it could be interpreted. Panicked, he jumped back and crouched on the floor, whimpering what he hoped sounded like an apology. John had been nonplussed by the sudden burst of affection on Sherlock's part, and it took him a few seconds to realize that he hadn't jumped back out of shame, but because he was scared of having upset John. He was deeply moved by the unexpected gesture.
"That's what I thought too! Why would they use so much poison just to kill off one person? If such an amount is used every time, it can't be a miscalculation either."
Knitting on the couch, Mary has fallen asleep. She's been doing that a lot lately. Then again, she did have a lot to eat. You smirk.
In any case, he's fed up of seeing him everywhere, and so he has stopped wandering the streets and the parks. It reminded him too much of when he'd come back from Afghanistan and was but a shadow of himself. Now he's not even sure to be a shadow.
Mycroft was getting more and more worried and suspicious, and was starting to seriously believe that Sherlock might never come back when this was over.
Under the rain in the cemetery, Sherlock almost felt like killing Moran. This very instant. Really kill him. Trembling, pale with rage, he was very close to doing so. Sebastian had clearly killed 'the Evil Queen' because he knew she was the only one, the
"You should start writing your blog again, John – I can call you John, right? I mean, tell people the real story."
The Woman glanced out the window, barely brushing the curtain. Sherlock's eyes followed her gaze. Mrs. Watson was standing at the window in John's flat, cradling their son. Blake. Fair-haired. Perhaps the name would make sense for him.
"Just leave it. He'll eat it later," John cut in, to prevent the situation from degenerating. The nurse put the tray down with an unreadable look and left without a word.
John had turned his laptop on in an attempt to distract himself so he would stop pacing the room waiting for Sherlock. He was worried beyond words. The shower was taking such a long time, but he did not dare go and knock on the door, for fear of crowding his partner's space too much. It was so hard to draw a line and know when he was being more oppressive than supportive.
"Once, a very good friend of mine came into my room at night because I had a nightmare. It was a very awkward person and he didn't know how to deal with such things. But he did his best and held my hand and stayed with me all night. It made me really happy."
His flinty face breaks into a rictus and Harry kicks herself mentally. Unshaken, John looks her in the eye, his contorted grin receding.
"How do you like John's screams, Sherlock? Would you like them to be a bit louder? Enough to wake up the dead, perhaps?"
"Jim got what he wanted," he eventually said, taking his pack of cigarettes out of his pocket and lighting one. "As always."
John stared. Then suddenly his cheeks puffed up considerably; all the hair on his fluffy face seemed to stand on end, making him look even fluffier. He gulped.
The cold shower was a relief. John hadn't been aroused when he woke up, but his blood had been boiling and his mind certainly hadn't been very clear. He just...
Not that it mattered to Mycroft in the least. He had much more important matters to attend – like making sure Sherlock was still alive, and as safe as he could be, and would come back home one day.
"Borderline personality disorder. Co-dependency. Self-destructive tendencies, prone to self-harm," Sherlock enumerated in a monotonous tone. "Brad mentioned suicide a lot. Henry was in the habit of putting letters in random mailboxes when he was under stress. The letters received by the police were first retrieved in the mailboxes of two women in his neighbourhood."
You stand back up and go back to the kitchen to throw away what is left of the vase and the flowers. Go back to the room, turn off the heater, open the window. It is chilly outside. A shiver runs down your spine and you feel your muscles tighten then relax. You close your eyes.
"I manipulated you so you would become addicted to me: my body, my touch... Whatever worked out. I observed you, deduced your kinks and fantasies, explored your body always with the intention to control it and use pleasure to make you dependent on me. So you'd come back for more."
"The 'Evil Queen' as you call them must be someone from IOU, who refuses to acknowledge the new Moriarty."
, he concluded, completely oblivious to the implications of such a concept. He fell asleep in the living-room, lulled by those rather foreign thoughts.
You frown. Why do people keep saying that? Why do they keep assuming that just because you lost somebody close to you you'll understand everybody's pain and grief as they go through bereavement?
This whole thing was the most subtle, artful and elaborate kind of despoilment Sherlock had ever encountered. Truly the work of a genius.
When  they broke the kiss, John rested his forehead against Sherlock's, and  waited. As his flatmate wasn't making any comment, he asked hesitantly:
Something close to panic flashed in Sherlock's eyes, and for a second he looked like a trapped animal. John felt even worse.
"Still no answer?" Harry asks for the umpteenth time that day. She's been worrying herself to distraction and Chris has tried to soothe her down all night.
So Sherlock just keeps reading the paper, gradually paying more attention to the articles his eyes are scanning, and John just writes in a weird notebook. Sherlock wonders idly if that's his journal, and why he would ever want to start a journal. Then he remembers.
You swallow. John had to run out after you into the night; he had to take a cab, chase you, and bring you back home...
John's fur bristled at once and he became a ball of fluff on Sherlock's lap. Sherlock stared at him, puzzled, then remembered that was how John blushed in manul form. By this standard, this was equivalent to him turning crimson. Sherlock couldn't help smirking.
She blinked, once, and burst out laughing, her white teeth contrasting vividly with the redness of her lips.
OK, I'm doomed; it seems that I just can't write short chapters anymore. This is silly. When I think my first chapters were around 2,000 words... Anyway, I truly hope you enjoy reading this chapter – as much as it can be enjoyed. Special thanks to all reviewers – you have no idea how much I appreciate your taking time to leave comments. Well. Actually, I'm sure you do :)
"I would have expected more skill and delicacy in the way you handled the Snow White serial-killing."
Noticing his shock, John thought he'd gone too far and went to delete the last sentence, but Sherlock frowned and stopped his paw.
"Do you want me to speak?" Sherlock asks, and his voice sends an electric jolt throughout your body. You swallow.
Agatha Christie? I thought you'd be one to like detective stories!' 'They really shouldn't be called that.' He tore his gaze from the shelves and directed it towards the kitchen. 'Sherlock. There's a head in the fridge. A bloody head!' 'Well, where else was I supposed to put it?'
The beating of your heart hammers in your ears, deafening. The warmth in the room is making you dizzy.
It was funny how easily, just in a few months, just because of a few words, and a stupid, hateful, little nagging doubt, Greg had succeeded in destroying what mattered the most in his life: his marriage, his career, and the man he admired the most among all the people he knew. You can't kill an idea, he'd said. He'd been correct. Greg hadn't been able to kill it. But he had managed to kill him.
"Yeah, and I'm very happy with my boyfriend, thank you very much. Look, I can tell I'm bothering you..."
. You concluded that the army doctor's addiction to danger and anything that could thrill him out of his stupor was stronger than you had anticipated. Oh, he certainly got mad and you had fights and argued quite a bit, but he always came back
Barbara turned white and looked up at you in astonishment. You smiled patronizingly, but your gaze was icy.
"Do not worry, Ms. Oakshott. I will do everything I can to prove that your brother is not guilty of a crime he did not commit. You can trust me."
The main hall of the hotel was as beautiful as the outward appearance of the building. It was also exactly what one would have expected from such an exterior. The floor was covered with a tufted velvet carpet of a deep crimson colour near the exit, but turned to marble after the front desk when you approached the gigantic central stairs. The ceiling was adorned with a large painting of a tiger being hunted, though it was almost hidden being the immense crystal chandelier that cast nacre lights on the creamy white walls. Luxuriant green plants here and there completed the decor, and John felt like he had been transported a century or two back in time. He frowned at the ceiling, and Victor must have caught his disapproving look.
"The final problem?" Seb continued. "Did you get it? It's been a while after all. You've been seeing quite a lot and travelling around the world. You've tried many different kicks and enjoyed new thrills, right? Oh don't lie, I know you've had fun to some extent. You're exhausted and you're a mess, what with all the nightmares you get, but some things
Donovan gave Sherlock a pointed look, to which he answered with his best innocent smile. Sally sighed and turned on her heels.
am being ridiculous? Oh, I am, aren't I? I can't believe I came here again just to have this..." she could find no word, and spat venomously: "...rubbed in my face again!"
And to prevent the ghost from continuing his analysis he turned his face and kissed fleshy lips that parted in surprise. They were... warm. Everything was so warm. John couldn't tell if the heat came from the dizziness or the other way round.
A tiger was lying down on the bed, his head resting on his front paws, his tail curled on his side. He was completely still, but raised his neck when John came in. He looked like a Sphinx, and John felt a shiven run down his spine.
"Fine," he said, letting go of his friend's hand and standing up. Sherlock caught his wrist as he turned.
They locked eyes, grinning. Eluf brought their drinks, and Jeff held up his glass to Yngvar, who brought his own glass to his lips, never breaking eye contact. They drank.
The one who hadn't been safe had been Sherlock, and he'd paid the price so those around him would be safe. Of that, John is sure. He knows he'll have to talk to Mycroft some day to get to the bottom of the story, but his hatred and fury haven't subsided and he knows, he
Sherlock saw consternation fill John's face as he became aware of his present form. Bringing his paws in front of his face, he blinked, at a loss, and mewled pitifully.
Sherlock's fingers searched for the right points on John's open palm and slowly pressed them, one by one.
There was such irritation in his voice John almost recoiled; but he also heard the desperation laced in his words.
"Hey! I want no male chauvinists in this flat!" Harry shouts from the kitchen, following their conversation; Chris breaks into laughter.
"Well, you're the doctor. But if Sherlock went through anything traumatic, maybe it'd be better if he talked to someone... You know, a therapist or something..."
"That's right." You nod like an idiot, oblivious to the amusement in her tone. Or perhaps you just don't care. What did they put in that drink?
He hadn't lost interest in daily activities: he just no longer had any. No crime scenes, no chases through London, no dangerous and thrilling and crazy situations. No cases. No patients and no dates either, but he honestly didn't miss those. Didn't feel like getting laid or listening to someone complain about an aching throat.
Did you understand his last words, Sherlock? Not the part about the eggplant – you'll have to explain to me what that was all about, some day – but just before that.
But John had had enough and was quicker to react. Without warning he hit Sebastian's groin with his knee and pushed him back. Soon he was standing, the sniper just a few steps away, aiming his gun at him. John ignored him and turned to Moriarty instead.
Not that Moran wasn't attractive – he was quite enticing in his own way. Certainly not Irene's type, though, too coarse. Not to mention he was a man and one was enough in her life, thank you very much.
On a scale of bad to worse, 1 being bad and 10 being the worst, John’s estimate was that his situation hovered around 20.
He wishes he could've kept Sherlock's scarf, Sherlock's coat... Almost sobbing, whether from pleasure or from grief, he grabs the sheet and imagines that he's pulling Sherlock's body closer to him by his scarf, burying himself in his coat, his lips on his throat, his arms wrapped around him tightly, thrusting into him, drowning inside of him.
John's voice filled the kitchen and was as warm as the announced cuppa. A shiver ran down Sherlock's spine.
this time. Had he? In any case, he was miffed that John would automatically assume he was at fault. His agonizing wail grew louder with outrage.
"No. That's my point. Whatever you can deduce from observing me should reassure you, not alarm you."
He stood up, took his coat and walked to the door, without having touched even one dish from the appetizing buffet.
In a heartbeat, Sherlock realized in what turmoil John was, and that he would never be able to help if he held him just to get on faster with the case.
"It must be tough for you. Don't you feel like an abandoned puppy, all alone in that empty house just across John's–"
John decided that Sherlock's room would be the guest room, but he still sleeps there sometimes – it is where the lingering scent of the detective is strongest after all. Still, he goes there every day to air the room, and sometimes uses it as a study too – he doesn't want Sherlock's room to be some kind of macabre shrine dedicated to his memory, with windows always closed in order to keep things as they were, to trap the fading scent in... He doesn't want Sherlock's presence to be mummified in the detective's old bedroom.
You put a hand on her shoulder, waiting. After a while, she wipes her face with the back of her sleeve and stands up.
that he'd never want to go back and date the first woman he'd meet on the street after that, marry and have children and maybe even move out of London forever? Or for Sherlock to be curled on the couch pouting and whining about how John had been ignoring him for the past few weeks?
Sherlock groaned. He was groaning more and more often these days, Moran noticed with some glee. But Sherlock was so pigheaded even his suffering wasn't enough to assuage Sebastian's nerves. The sniper still enjoyed teasing, however, and there was nothing better to do during those endless sleepless nights anyway.
"Oh, thank you," John commented wryly.  His mocking expression fell when he saw Big Brother's graveness, and his  almost threatening gaze.
John's hands keep moving down, slowly, stopping regularly just to warm up the zone they're covering. His touch is efficient and precise; fond and gentle, but purposeful.
"Oh, just go back to sleep," Sherlock groaned, turning away again. Sebastian smirked before tousling the grumbling man's hair.
But always Sherlock's presence remains, and will remain. Of that you are certain. Perhaps because his presence isn't so much in the flat as in your own mind. Still, it feels like the warmth in the room is also Sherlock's. Hugging the silence, you know it will never stop hurting.
"He's got a point, though," Lestrade remarks, giving him the fatherly look. John feels quite sick of it already.
"I don't have anything particular in mind, Mr. Holmes. Actually, I'm sure you well know I have nothing in mind. Nothing at all in there," he said as he knocked twice on his scalp. For the first time since he had arrived, something like shock flickered across Mycroft's features. Suddenly Greg felt terrible.
"I thought you were leaving for good and I'd never see you again well I would've probably stalked you but I would've never touched you again and you never even liked that jumper you wore it only once when you went to your sister's because she was the one who bought it for you I thought you wouldn't care you wouldn't even notice and I..."
But John wasn't paying attention, and was now pacing in small circles nervously, completely panicked at the situation.
"Shinwell, would you like second servings?" Mary offered kindly, ignoring her husband and her guests.
"She loves you and your child," is the best you can come up with to avoid both lying blatantly and saying too much.
He was trying to keep his voice in check, John could tell, as if he'd been commenting on the weather.
His arm stiffens slightly in your embrace. Too curt, perhaps? You half open your eyes to check, but catch his smile. His hand comes to stroke your cheek. Not too curt, then.
Sherlock's eyes were scanning the room. He was standing very still, only his hands, twitching with tension, betraying his impatience. John wondered whether he had heard him at all.
I'm trying to have a serious conversation here!" she protests. But she's smiling. Even chuckling, now. God, you love her.
To John, this was the nice way to say: 'Get out.' He was so ashamed and disgusted with himself that he did not even dare look at his lover, not even at his reflection in the mirror in front of him. His gaze remained cast down, and so he missed the sheer pain that flashed across Sherlock's eyes.
He'd always found something to give back for the very few 'gifts' he had ever received. But today, he was at a loss. His own uselessness slapped him in the face. John was giving him so much, too much, and he had nothing to give in return. He'd tried to convey his gratefulness in each kiss he'd given John the previous night, to convey the apology and the anguish of not finding anything to give him. His fervour had been spontaneous and desperate. Every gesture had screamed
They exchanged a knowing smirk. But a wistful smile made its way to Jim's face, and Sebastian knew it was serious.
You stopped abruptly in the stairwell. John was behind you, but a few meters away, still in the living-room. He had no intention of following. Usually, you would have just scoffed 'fine' and gone alone. But something in his eyes told you this wasn't over. Or rather, that it was. You felt your blood turn cold.
or anything as ridiculous as that – he had interrupted him and said "I know. Experiment all you want." Then he had set the two rules: 1) You must tell what you intend to do beforehand, whether to yourself or to me. 2) We do not run away; if we want to stop, we just say so.
"People always felt fascinated with the dark side of things," Molly said once when they were having coffee. Yes, he had invited Molly for coffee. So what? There was nothing to it. Greg simply wished to apologize for his terrible behaviour the last time he'd seen her, and he enjoyed talking to people who had known Sherlock. Molly was also someone he could worry with about John.
John isn't surprised. He hasn't forgotten how his dear old friend always fussed and cared for them – she used to consider Sherlock her own son. Probably still does, the doctor amends mentally. As he hugs her back, a wave of guilt washes over him and he feels terrible for not having come to her earlier. Even calling would have fine. But he hasn't given any news at all for more than half a year.
Soon the newspaper bores him and he gets up to shave. He never understood why people in grief didn't take care of their appearances: but maybe that's just the military man speaking in him. Regardless of the situation, John doesn't deem letting oneself go to be the appropriate attitude: one must keep one's chin up no matter what. That he always firmly believed, even before going to Afghanistan – and even when he came back and couldn't deal with how dull civilian life was.
"I've never been to Barcelona! It's not the best time of the year to go, though. I mean, winter, y'know."
John froze. He swallowed. Shutting his eyes tight, he took a deep breath and dared a glance at Sherlock. Damn. Of course. He just
"How?" she asked, and her voice broke into a sob as she could no longer hold back her tears. "How could you believe anything I said if I ditched you on Christmas and you found me in bed with a naked man a few days later?"
His mind was racing, trying to understand how this had happened. He'd been tricked, surely. This wasn't the person he was supposed to meet. This...
"Sorry, I'm a bit late. I was having a cuppa at Mrs. Hudson's and Mrs. Turner was there too. Did you know Joe and Oliver were moving out?"
árka took a paper out of her bag, and passed it on to you. Even in the dim-lit theatre, you could see it was a picture of your gravestone painted red.
of course), he jumped off from the bed, stumbling as he landed on his injured leg, and left the room. John didn't follow, and that was just fine. After roaming the living-room for a minute or so, he finally found what he was looking for:
and John would rather make love to Sherlock's ghost than to anyone else on earth. Hugging the shirt, the pillow and the sheets, he wraps himself tight around the blanket and inhales.
His flatmate froze, so shocked he didn't even have the reaction to jump back. At this very instant, the door was slid open, and the noise snapped John back to reality. He jolted, turned crimson, and looked up to the silhouette of the man who had just entered.
"Sherlock, that was our only chance!" he exploded, furious with his friend's irresponsible attitude. "And you just
"...Henry was happy. After a couple of months, I asked him how serious he was about Brad, and if he thought he could trust him." He didn't even get angry, just had this huge smile and said Brad had entrusted him with his soul, and it was enough. He said that pretty often. That he'd entrusted him with his soul, and that was the best proof of love he could give him."
John already. He chuckled and decided that deserved some more teasing, so he drew circles around both nipples, never touching them, until the detective was positively writhing. John grinned triumphantly and was already melting on the incandescent flame that was the man in his arms when a feral bite on his ear sent high voltage sparks throughout his body and he cried out.
"Your Champagne, sir," said the maid. She did not hand him the tray, so he let her in. She walked into the room and set down the bottle and the two glasses. "Would you like me to open it for you?"
The manul forced himself to look at his friend, but could hardly muster the energy to put on a convinced expression.
"Yes, Charlie, it's me. Keep looking at me, don't fall asleep. No, Charlie, look at me! Don't take your eyes off me! Will you do that for me?"
"Oh God," John murmurs, and then Sherlock knows he's finally realized. Not come to terms with it, no, not so soon. But the reality of this has just hit him. He squeezes Sherlock's hand fervently, and for a second Sherlock fears he'll do more. But he only curls up against their joined hands and presses his brow against them. His hand is no longer trembling. In a fleeting moment of madness Sherlock muses that if this is what makes the trembling stop, he wouldn't mind keeping John's hand there indefinitely.
Sherlock could not hear what they were saying but they both seemed quite upset. He wondered if they were going to end up grappling like in movies.
You're glad when he finally goes, after some more fuss of "Please stay for a cup or let me walk you to the door" "No no I'll be fine thank you for your time my apologies again" etc.
"Here," Sherlock said, handing John his wallet, trying not to look at the room, not to see anything, not to observe, not to realize how much it had changed, how much it had remained the same. "I realize I might have been a little rude." Trying not to look at John's face, not to see him, but he still had to look at him, he was apologizing after all, or... Yes, the sheepish look downwards was good too. Like that he didn't have to see anything but the floor. "I hate people talking on the phone" on the floor there was a red pen that must have fallen from the table a red pen like those teachers have to grade papers definitely not John's couldn't be John's but then again he was no longer living alone was he "in public areas and who don't pay any attention to their surroundings, you see, but–"
John had always been good at massages. Many women he'd slept with had told him his touch felt like that of a masseur sometimes, and it always made him laugh. He'd never seen someone so tense as Sherlock was now, though, and making him loosen up a bit was quite a challenge in itself.
"Here, can you keep an eye on Blake for a second? I need to talk to John. In private, if you don't mind."
Sherlock arched an eyebrow at Victor, who shrugged and led them to the lift. The porter from before was waiting there with their suitcases.
"A mystery writer," Sherlock said with his most charming smile, which felt more like a rictus to him. But it served its purpose. Mrs. Leverton smiled back, the skin near her eyes crinkling with warmth, as if she and Sherlock shared some kind of secret. And perhaps they did.
So after having met Sherlock's intense gaze, John let down his hand that was holding the shower, closed his eyes, and complied. It was easy enough, for he was still haunted by the images of his nightmare.
Walking briskly through Clapham Common, John is trying very hard to forget the shame of the morning, wondering how he can possibly deal with his sex life (or lack thereof) if he only gets hard for someone who's six feet under. He doesn't want to lose that too, although he knows deep in his heart that they are sheer fantasies, his own, and do not bring him any closer to the man Sherlock truly was. Nothing but phantasms.
Oh yes, John would have laughed at you, and suddenly it doesn't matter if it had been just another sign of his stupidity: you catch yourself wishing he were there being clueless by your side. Ignoring the twinge in your chest, you press the
He felt terrible. This was not going to work. Perhaps Sherlock was right, even cuddling would not help this time, because John was too upset and over too many things: in the span of a few days he had managed to expose his girlfriend's brother, get dumped, be forced to break up
Donovan snorted. Sherlock's phone vibrated in his pocket but he paid it no heed. Turning around, he walked to picture on the wall he had spotted when first entering the room. It was a framed photograph of Brad and, presumably, Henry, in black and white, embracing each other, smiling. The glass was cracked and on the floor under it lay the remains of a mug.
he had got out of them the last time, and bit his lips to stifle it. But John heard the whimper, and thought something had to be done. Very calmly, he let his hands fall off Sherlock's to his hips.
. John slams his fist on the table in an attempt to stop the trembling, and fails. He sighs and his gaze stops on the screen. He isn't aware of how long it takes for the words to come into focus and for him to actually see them.
He glares, then softens into a jaded expression. "You haven't seen me in years, John. You believed I was dead. You hadn't expected me to die. It was a shock. A trauma. You did not want me gone. It is only natural that you would... perhaps yearn for me in some unnatural way although–"
Swallowing with difficulty, he looked away and walked to the living-room to put on his coat. His body was perfect for transport. For anything else, it was just grotesque.
"You've already bitten into the apple of knowledge, love... You can't run away from what you've brought upon yourself. My little fallen angel."
For now, he hasn't decided anything – as a doctor, he knows a state of shock cannot last for five months. Depression? Boring. Words are boring. They don't mean anything to John anymore. He likes reading newspapers because the words make sense, as they have nothing to do with him.
"Sit down," the ex-soldier said, and Sherlock couldn't decipher whether it was an order or a prayer. Either way, the voice was so compelling he fell back to his seat mechanically.
And more sobs. Sherlock hears the steps creak behind him and knows John has gone back up. To let them have some privacy. Or to have some himself.
"Don't do this, Sherlock," Victor murmured. He seemed on the verge of tears, but his gaze was resolutely trained on the ceiling. "You were not to blame.
You just woke up, interrupting me. Not that I mind, don't take me wrong. I'd give any notebook in the world to have you waking up beside me every morning.
and repeated the same mental exercise. There were many variants, such as choosing words that only began and ended with vowels, or only with dental consonants, words without an E, words that had at least three liquid consonants, etc. He could also refine the search and pick only words from a definite domain: botany, geology, history of London...
His hands go up your back again and then down your arms, slowly, touching where they haven't touched you yet.
At the words, John's eyes snapped open and he glanced at his friend, then at his hand, and back at his face.
As it was, though, this was a possibility he could not ignore. Sherlock was doing his best to please John, and he was genuinely considerate. But he was trying too hard. Even the way he focused so intensely on John betrayed that he was worried, impatient, excited. He was doing his best, and that was the problem.
"Ooh, are you being naughty, Mr. Holmes? Could it be that there is someone with whom you'd like to have dinner after all? I'm jealous."
"All thanks must go to Dr. Watson, I'm afraid," Sherlock commented, barely hiding a smirk. It made John want to hit him. Or kiss him. Or both. Irritated and blushing almost imperceptibly, he looked away.
First of all, there was the fact that John had been kidnapped right under his eyes, or almost, without him being able to prevent it.
At the increased friction on his crotch Sherlock gasped and panted heavily again, moaning into each thrust, and he realized they were actually
, why did he throw a mug at the picture on the wall? Even the sequence of events does not fit! Was he drinking tea when he suddenly decided to do it, or was he about to take out his cat? It can't have been both. It wouldn't make sense to throw that mug at the wall, then calmly put the coat on the cat to take him out for a walk, and, changing his mind, go kill his boyfriend instead. It does not. Make. Sense."
much he ran to the cemetery in the middle of the night and climbed the wall to shout at the grave. He always left before dawn though. Didn't want people finding him there and sending him to an asylum.
You'd found that rolling in your bed until you fell from it was a good way to get away from the dreams, but sometimes your sleeping conditions didn't make it possible – and sometimes, you didn't even realize you were dreaming. Mostly during nightmares. You wouldn't be aware of it until you were abruptly shocked out of it – by John screaming, John being shot, John drowning, John falling off from a rooftop, or John walking away from you hand in hand with someone else.
"Elsie Cubitt does indeed have a female lover. But she was never reported dead. They have never stopped seeing each other, and they planned together the murder of Hilton Cubitt."
Sherlock arched an eyebrow. John noticed that it was a lot more charming on him than on his brother. Not that it was relevant. And he did not blush.
He hung up furiously, cursing the man. Did he even care about his brother? He had so much power and yet...
He didn't notice that John was feeling utterly discarded now, and simply thought it was all because Sherlock had got himself a new case.
The fact that the manul looked so goofy contributed greatly to Sherlock's affection and interest. Cats were okay, but they were dull. A manul was nowhere
"Since I never manifested any interest of a sexual or romantic nature in you before the Basement, and since I made it quite clear that I was married to my work and very happy with it, you think that Moriarty has traumatized me in such a way that now I am desperate to keep you around, no matter the price, because you are my only friend and I am scared to be alone."
"If you mean together as in the same bed, I'm not sure about asexual couples," John answered truthfully.
He leant back into the armchair, still holding the cane straight, and started bucking his hips and rubbing softly against the back of the seat. He noticed Sherlock's grip on the gun tighten, and suddenly felt very tired. But that was the whole point, wasn't it? Rip all of his layers away and give to Sherlock what the man had given away himself in order to save his life.
"Sorry, that sounded a bit weird. But you know he did that a lot on a non-case day – that, and shooting the wall."
The pristine voice fills the air and Mary wonders why she likes this song so much. It's not her type. At all. And it isn't as if she understands the lyrics. Yet there's something strong and powerful to it, something that fills her chest with an almost unbearable warmth. Not just her chest. Her gut, too.
"Yeah I bloody say so! Seriously, if I were to kill you right now, what would you think of? What is it you would regret?"
Sherlock was rather proud of the symmetry himself: he had been the one to choose the time and place of their first meeting, and the one to choose the time and place of their last meeting. One could say Jim had always initiated it, had been the one to bring Sherlock to do it. But still. Jim watched, and Sherlock danced. Sherlock wasn't sure which one led, in the end.
John pouted, slightly offended. He'd been staying by Sherlock's side all this time, thinking things over and over, and the remark was a little too cutting.
. Had Moriarty chosen him also for the name starting with an S ? It sounded absurd, but he wasn't above that. S and J in reversed roles, but they still seemed to have worked like magnets. You scratched the thought. If S and J truly were magnets, then S and S wasn't an association that bode very well.
John felt a sinking feeling in his chest and looked away. Sherlock was going to leave him behind again, going to investigate without him, to face danger alone... John could not determine whether he was more worried or jealous. Either way, he was not pleased.
That's one of the things you always secretly liked about him. His bluntness. It was a bit too much at first
John wished he could just disappear into the ground, and he tried to gesture to his partner that there was no way they were having this conversation while
Difficult, it must have been for Sherlock too. Even though he had warned him that caring wasn't an advantage, he couldn't stop himself. As always. Every time Mycroft had warned Sherlock against something, it had only made him more intent on indulging in it - candour, aloofness, crimes, drugs... love. That fool.
Sherlock froze and looked at John, dumbfounded. Had he just said "anal sex" in a public park and in full day light? Sherlock observed him closely. Every expression on his face had been replaced by an almost military sense of determination. He returned Sherlock's gaze sternly.
Moriarty moved towards him and walked around the chair, circling him, watching every inch of his exposed body.
"Don't close your eyes," came the compelling voice that didn't fit with the gentle touch. "Keep them open. Keep them on me, if you like. Do you feel cold?"
Sherlock had a half-smile that made him annoyingly kissable. It was silly, really, how much facial expressions mattered to endear. Not that Sherlock was consciously trying to be endearing, of course. John looked away.
"You could update your website. Or I can post something about you being alive on my blog. I just thought it was a bit too early for that, and..."
. The couch he was so fond of and even his own bed were so full of memories he couldn't even sit on them without feeling John's hands on him, his heartbeats, his quiet chuckles, his scent... Of course, John's room was out of the question.
But he was a doctor, and he knew when it was too late. When a body was but a mere body, and there was no way he could try and revive him here in this apocalyptic and barren place with no medical facilities. He shut his eyes tight and his fist hit the sand forcefully. It felt all the more horrible as no sound came from it. Nothing was broken. He could hit the dirt over and over again and his fist wouldn't even hurt or be scratched in the least and the ground wouldn't break and swallow him all and let him ease the frustration.
You suddenly feel all at once very close and very far from these three people in your flat. What does Sebastian really care about in life? Is there anything he holds dear? Why does Ron still hang out with him? Does he really consider himself a lazy bachelor, an heir without a purpose in life? You have been hanging out with Seb for a while now, months. Still, you don't even know the kind of music he likes. His favourite colour. Whether he takes any interest in sports or politics. You've talked about his travels, but it's always so hard to tell whether the idiot is making it all up or not.
his inner thigh, which made John jump a little and arch his back, unwittingly wanton. Sherlock smiled.
Staring him in the eye, you realize how lost you both are. Communicating isn't going to be easy. Good thing you've made some tea.
Sherlock  stood, determined to prove him wrong, and snap him out of it once and  for all. He made his way through the living-room and silently to the  door that led to the stairs – to John's room. As he walked up the steps  quietly, familiar with the creaking ones and avoiding them expertly, he  thought this was one of the silliest thing he'd do in his life – and one  of the most important, too. Once he arrived in front of his friend's  door, he halted, and tentatively brought his hand to the handle. Taking a  deep breath, he frowned in determination, very much like a child  (though he was, fortunately, unaware of it – he would have been  mortified by the comparison), and pushed the door open silently. The  room wasn't as dark as he'd expected: John apparently slept without  closing his window shutters.
Or so Mary said. As you turn on the water, putting your hand under it to test the temperature, you wonder why people find showers relaxing. Maybe they don't, but it's one of those things you say because everybody says them.
Sometimes, he just didn't care whether his behaviour was rational or not – like now, as he was still trying to force the door with his good shoulder, which wasn't so good anymore – he'd been locked up for more than thirteen hours. He'd shouted quite a bit, too, but there were no windows and he knew how to recognize sound proof walls when he saw them. This was serious. He just had to get to Sherlock's side. He knew his friend would believe he'd been kidnapped, and God knew what would happen if he went back to Moriarty believing that he was holding him as a hostage, when the culprit was, in fact,
"I... I was back in Afghanistan, yet it was different. I was tending to the injured when I walked upon Charlie, and I couldn't save him, I had to see his life leaving him... and then you were there too, calling... calling me from the other side of a canyon."
The first thing his gaze fell on was the wall of his room. He felt something warm and breathing in his arms and looked down. John's hair. His smell. That of his shampoo, too.
"No. He said you should stop investigating the matter and trust the police to do their job for once."
whom she probably thought was still locked in that room. Or maybe not. She must’ve known that Sherlock would find him. He was just a tool used to rile him.
Sherlock's face fell but John didn't notice. When he turned back with toast, he only saw an inscrutable gaze fixed on him thoughtfully.
Sherlock frowned. He had no experience at all on which he might draw. This wasn't his area. So he went to his laptop and googled it.
John didn't step back and embraced him loosely, his arms circling his waist, his head resting on his right shoulder.
Chris shut the door of the fridge so violently the kitchen wall shook. She fell back on a chair and rested her head against her hand.
She was about to say how wonderful her baby boy would be, but was interrupted by the door bell ringing.
You knew it. Funny, now that you think about it: you did muse that surely if Sherlock had known Seb, he would have found him insufferable. As it turned out, you were spot on.
As he lies down on the bed next to the shirt, his face buried against a non-existent chest, he knows he must look pathetic, but doesn't mind.
John sighed, shaking his head. Hesitantly at first, then more assuredly, Sherlock began to touch him as well, and to reciprocate the gestures. It was weird to do so while John was already pampering him, and Sherlock wondered why this felt so different. Uncertainty made him awkward, but John was too infatuated not to be indulgent. In fact, he enjoyed whatever Sherlock's hand did to him, because it was Sherlock's hand.
Speaking of which, Sherlock had to text Lestrade. He reached for his phone on the bedside table deliberately, becoming still when John grunted and turned around in his arms. But his friend simply snuggled up closer, and buried his face against Sherlock's shoulder. The consulting detective swallowed, not quite sure what to do with his arm trapped under John. Awkwardly, he wrapped it around the smaller body and let his hand rest on John's waist, while his other arm stretched to grab his phone.
"I'll be gentle," he said, and John couldn't repress a deep shade of crimson filling his face as he squirmed in uneasiness.
Repressing a desperate groan, John did not dare bury his face into the pillow, but very much felt like doing so.
– so he complies. John glances worriedly at Sherlock, who nods in what he thinks is a reassuring way. The door closes behind him, then the one to Mrs. Hudson's flat, and for the umpteenth time today he feels trapped.
Smiling as if she’d scored a victory, albeit a very sick one, Irene lay back lazily in the armchair.
Sherlock felt sick in his stomach. He didn't know whether it was just the side effect of the drug, or if his nemesis getting under his skin was making him nauseous. He hated to hear Moriarty talk about
. You found the sealed letter in this very room upon your arrival, above the fireplace. Naturally the owner had no idea it was there and didn't even notice when she cleaned the room. Still, considering the woman, it could have been left there among the other bibelots and gone unnoticed for months. If anything, she didn't seem particularly astute.
Oh, wonderful, John, that really came out well. It sounded lame even to his own ears. But Sherlock only looked lost for a moment before answering carefully:
The encrypting method is different. For the first line, he used the Vigenère square. Then, with much humour, what we call the Playfair cipher."
Indeed. Except Sherlock hadn't even thought of him while portraying the shooter. This was brilliant. John Watson had managed to surprise him within the first thirty-six hours of their acquaintance. He could have been just a possible flatmate among others. Well, except that there weren't many others in the first place. But he was a possible flatmate who could very well have been able to put up with him – and regardless of his obliviousness for such matters, Sherlock was well aware he wasn't an easy person to live with. In addition, John was someone Sherlock could deal with too, which wasn't to be taken for granted, either. And now, he had even proved to be more than just worthy of interest. Sherlock had been thrilled.
At this Sherlock froze and stiffened. John calmed down at once, but he was too tired to wash the lingering bliss and tenderness off his face. He moved back a little and looked down at the stitches (or what was left of them). Nothing he couldn't fix himself. Sherlock blushed and averted his gaze from the mess they had made.
knows it. That's quite handy. You know his mind, you know his heart, and by now you must have become familiar with his body as well. And so you know perfectly what to do to get him addicted to you and have him dance in the palm of your hand. It is all chemistry after all, isn't it?"
Putting his hand on the knife he pressed the blade in deeper and twisted it sadistically. Once again, John's muffled cry was too much to bear for Sherlock, who whispered in a sombre tone:
"Not exactly what we came for," Sherlock cut in, not waiting for the porter to open the door and getting out of the car the moment it had stopped.
"I mean..." She fumbled, and tried not to sound too flustered. "I mean, for the child. You know, when parents don't get along, it's not a good environment."
Today he must stop by the chemist's to buy his Tofranil tablets. He goes once a month, and is now well-known among the pharmacists who fortunately are very friendly and do not bother with gossip and whatnot about Sherlock being a fake and himself an idiot or an accomplice. The fact that he comes for antidepressants probably accounts a lot for their friendliness.
He blinks, then closes his eyes again briefly – and Sherlock mirrors his movement. Jim's smile becomes Cheshire cat-like: he's insanely happy.
"Don't be nervous, I have none of Sherlock's skills. I just know him. Or, knew him." He looked wistful again. "I just assumed that you'd have to be at least an army doctor to put up with him."
Just a second after her, John wakes up with a gasp. Mary smirks. Weird, to know that they're dreaming about the same man. She's about to open her mouth for some banter when she sees that John's face is shining. Not like Sherlock's did. Something breaks somewhere in Mary's chest, and she represses a groan.
He had no idea how she always found a new reason for them to see each other. All in all she was rather creative. The cousin, though? No woman had ever come up with such a lame excuse. On second thoughts though, with Molly, it was probably true. John would have laughed if he had remembered how to.
But the man was better. This was not London, this was not Sherlock’s city — it was the man’s city, and the consulting detective should’ve known that he didn’t stand a chance. Still, as long a he could still see his target, he ran. Down side alleys and back streets, through a deserted marketplace, until he truly lost him. He cursed loudly, and tried to think, but nothing came up. He didn’t know the city well enough, or its criminals. He had no idea where the man might have gone. His best shot to find John was to return to The Green Dragon and interrogate the other men and—
"You want to marry me, John? But see, it can't work. You don't have a ring. You can't propose without a ring!"
"In the fell clutch of circumstance, I have not winced nor cried aloud. Under the bludgeonings of chance, my head is bloody, but unbowed."
She was walking towards him now, and put a hand on his shoulder. "Will you believe me, dear? Or will you believe
a voice whispers in the back his head, and he no longer knows whose head it is) to hold his flatmate's hand. It wasn't strictly necessary, and he knew it. He could've grabbed his wrist but he wanted his hand, so he'd feel like John was holding him
The club had very strict rules, and Molly, as a woman, wasn't even supposed to go in. Sherlock, however, had given her specific instructions so her attempt wouldn't be fruitless.
Wordless as well, John leant in and rested his whole body on Sherlock's, ignoring the fact that his feet didn't even reach Sherlock's ankles, nuzzling into the crook of his neck.
Something like that. Yes, something similar to that. Sherlock blinked. His chest felt strange. He realized after a few seconds that what he felt was
Sherlock paused in the bedroom before stripping and putting on his pajamas. In the end, he decided against putting his plan into action tonight. He changed quickly and joined John in the bed, turning off the light.
Well, that's not exactly true: there was Lestrade, who needed your brain and had developed some sort of fatherly affection towards you after your stint with the seven percent solution. A keeper, sent by Mycroft.
It hit him like a supernova. His whole body went into spasm as electric shockwaves thrilled him with a sense of completeness. He could feel Sherlock filling him vividly, and the impossibility of such a painless penetration didn't even cross his mind. Had he been lucid, he would have understood that it was the very idea of being possessed that had pushed him over the edge and brought him to his climax, not because he had always craved such sex with the detective, but because it made him overwhelmingly present in the deepest and most intimate part of himself. Because it felt like a declaration of common ownership:
"Of course you'd ask about him first." She sat up on the bed. Sherlock scowled. "Aren't you even a bit surprised to see me?"
John's eyes snapped open but he didn't move an inch, and kept embracing his infuriating detective and the chair he was sitting in. "Mine are grey, yellow and brown," he whispered back, pressing himself closer to the pounding chest. Sherlock didn't add a word, but clumsily wrapped his long, awkward arms around his friend, voiceless.
"I arranged a bed for you to be put in his room," the elder Holmes had told him before departing. "I must say I am quite disappointed in you, Dr. Watson. I thought you'd be more... efficient in ensuring his safety." At this point, John had been ready to snap, but Mycroft had added quickly, in a darker voice: "But considering how efficient
The question surprised Sherlock. He hadn't really been thinking about anything; he had no plan, and the inquiry caught him off-guard.
You keep rubbing your thumb on the back of his hand, trying to soothe him. His fingers start shaking. He remains silent.
Unlike a certain maniac. It turned out the phone Moriarty had on the roof wasn't his real phone. Not the one with which he'd managed to break into the three supposedly most guarded places in Great Britain anyway. You hadn't even noticed – you didn't care much, truth be told, and you hadn't
The room fell silent. It was perfectly quiet except for the sound of the rain falling outside and against the windowpane. Relentless.
He stood and faced his flatmate, looking down into the pit. There was no way a man could jump over such a distance, even with impetus. He gazed back at the silhouette and could discern through the clouds of sand the pallor on his partner's face. He even fancied seeing a tear run down the younger man's cheek. The soldier took a deep breath and prepared himself to die. But then everything went wrong – more so, anyway – as the earth on the other side of the chasm started to collapse and John barely had the time to scream:
Sherlock shivered, and looked away, trying not to break now. It wasn't the right time. But he'd been scared, so scared...
They sit on the bed and stare at each other for a moment. Then Peter leans in and presses his lips to his, taking advantage of his surprise to deepen the kiss. John grabs the sheets tensely and for some reason Peter takes it as an invitation, and sneaking a hand between his legs, cups him. John gasps.
Sherlock ignores the voice. He knows it is his own. "I was angry with you at the time. But it was ridiculous."
John felt something break in him, and his resolve waver. He averted his gaze so he would no longer see the look of betrayal in Sherlock's eyes.
Her voice broke. Moran watched her under the moonlight, and for the first time thought he understood, maybe, why Moriarty had wanted her to be a part of IOU.
, and John's image as he was sleeping peacefully on his side, facing him, had dispelled the guns and silenced the abhorred voice. On an impulse, Sherlock brought a shaking hand to the warm chest heaving before him, just to feel the warmth. Just to feel the ever reassuring beat. He had no idea what he'd do if it stopped some day. If the Woman's death had been a blow, he didn't want to know what John's would do to him. In that regard, Sherlock knew Mycroft was right, even if he would never admit it out loud.
John shrugs. That's a stupid metaphor. He must be still half-sleeping to be so manichean first thing in the morning. As he becomes aware of the wetness between his legs, he wakes up with a jolt, eyes wide.
An increased heart rate and dilated pupils do not necessarily short-circuit one's ability to think. They can, but usually only for beginners."
"You were right to bring one the first night too," Mary remarks quietly. Angelo looks at her for a moment, surprise in his eyes. Then he gives her a warm smile.
"You're getting better at this, inspector. Why don't you go and put your skills to use for something more important to the country than Dr. John Watson?"
Having John writhing under him, John squirming around vainly to free himself from the handcuffs, John's legs still wrapped around his waist wantonly (and certainly unwittingly, for John seemed to have forgotten they were there) was more of a turn-on than Sherlock ever thought it would be. He hadn't planned this scene for himself in the first place, but for his partner: he knew John would enjoy being subdued.
"Exactly. Which is only further proof that she's a complete wacko. Listen, John, you're not seriously considering marrying that woman, are you?"
He broke into the three most guarded places in Great Britain, wearing the Crown jewels – being the absolute King. He showed the world at his trial that no one would ever stop him if he didn't want to be stopped, and used the jury's
must have known! Only he hadn't guessed, even though it was perfectly logical, once he'd destroyed his reputation. What
he mused quite morosely. But Sherlock seemed to read his thoughts. Ruffling his hair with both fondness and possessiveness, he pulled him down into a kiss which turned out to be of the
But he made it to Sherlock's side without anything happening. His gaze never left his friend, and he did not even spare a glance at Moriarty, who was standing right next to Sherlock.
Outside it was raining. The woman was waiting for him with an umbrella next to his ride home, but he ignored her and kept walking.
ordinary. Sherlock had been bemused the day he'd played with the mad cabbie – when he'd been blathering to Lestrade about the man who'd killed, well, the killer. His gaze had been caught by the figure of John Watson: his common, overly normal, nondescript figure waiting by the yellow line like a good citizen, hands behind his back, looking around as if he'd just got there and was waiting for his new flatmate to tell him all about what had just happened. Apparently average, characterless John Hamish Watson, who'd just shot a man and saved his life.
"I was happy, and even, I was proud. Can you guess why I knew I was Sherlock's first friend, John? Because he was my first, too. My first real friend, anyway. I wasn't like him. In fact, I believe I was more similar to his brother, though I wasn't half as smart. Ha! Scratch that. Mycroft is in another league entirely. But when I met him, I could see a resemblance. With Sherlock, not so much, at the beginning. I was the popular guy — not the idiot flaunting his charisma throughout college, but I was a social being. I went to parties, played sports, played games, dated a few girls... I fit in. Sherlock never did."
Well. Perhaps they were a little too young to know how to hold a handgun and shoot efficiently, Sherlock conceded. He focused on the stepfather. Obviously putting up a strong front. But he did not sound nervous or afraid. Concerned, maybe, and gentle when he addressed the woman. Exceedingly enthusiastic when addressing the children.
"Just come to bed when you feel like it," he says before disappearing down the corridor. It only takes John three minutes to join him in the bed, just the time to put on his nightclothes; Sherlock counted.
Reaching out his hand slowly, he was about to brush the entertainingly mesmerizing tuft of hair when suddenly John's eyes snapped open and Sherlock stopped his move in mid-air, staring in shock: not so much at John waking, but at himself, for wanting to
The young woman stood back with a frown, and pushed her red hair back from her face to show that she was scowling. Mary ignored her regally, and kept drinking with a pensive look. Catherine was quite offended to be thus discarded, and sent an inquisitive gaze to Jerry the barman. He rolled his eyes and raised his hands to express his powerlessness.
Now, the question was: why was there no sign of violence whatsoever on the bodies when they obviously had been killed? Because the killer must be someone they knew. All three of them. And in the file Lestrade had shown him, only one person appeared to have been close enough to the three victims, although he was only mentioned once, and no one had paid any attention to him.
"John!" you answer, gesturing to him that he should come. You realize there's a canyon between you two and it's impossible for him to come. Well. The man will die, then.
. Sure, that could be a little disturbing with a dead body in the room or assassins on your heels. Not to John, though. He couldn't believe people would even think Sherlock was a psychopath – and even less so a sociopath! God, it was just so obvious in those pupils when the detective was in high spirits or irritated or vexed or mocking or touched or bored! Even when he was acting he couldn't hide the depth in his eyes – a lake isn't a mirror, you can cloud it, trouble it, drink it, drown in it...
"Your  last victim. He obviously refused to come up here, since you had to  knock him out. So how did you manage to make him drink?"
At this, you frown. "You have to go down and see her, Sherlock. Say hello. Explain." It is funny to be talking to him like you used to, so naturally. As if he was never  gone. As if he never died. You get your mug and take a sip of tea to forget the tightness in your chest.
The ride wasn't long, but enough for the consulting detective to drown in his own thoughts. He was trying to focus on the case, but it was so easy he knew he'd figured out everything before he even got to Horsham. Just needed a bit more proof for Lestrade, though.
Of course John wasn't bitter about this. Not at all. And he did not feel like he was being unfair to his friend either. The fact that Sherlock seemed completely obsessed with the new case and had not paid any attention to John since they had got back to the flat was not influencing his mood for the worse, and he was not brooding. Not at all.
You press the SEND button. You don't feel like saying more than that. In fact, she'll get everything from just that, and you know it.
"Give us something to trust in! We've been wastin' our time on you. All we want is a fighting chance and you give us handstand weekends, peaches in the darkness, cool hand dealin', leeches lookin' harmless... You should get arrested, You should get arrested!"
But from his present perspective, Sherlock thought the matter was different entirely: from an inner point of view, there was only a thrilling closeness and pleasurable contact, a touch that sent shivers and electric jolts throughout his body, setting him alight. The tension was only titillated to be better tamed and splintered, and Sherlock could feel the irrepressible rising of something that would make his body burst and release him. There was something to carnal pleasure Sherlock had never considered, something that could put him
"Your phrasing. When you tell the truth, you're clear and simple. Also, you're always lying or at least pretending when you start with 'I assure you'."
Feeling Sherlock clench around him, Sherlock come in his hand and all over their stomachs, Sherlock whisper his name against his lips pushed John over the edge. He tried to move to avoid exploding inside him, but Sherlock's last gesture had been so unexpected, so poignant that John had been thrown off balance. Like Sherlock, he fell into the abyss, and like Sherlock he suddenly found himself flying high above everything they'd ever known. He kissed him back desperately, passionately, as if it were the first and last time.
John had known exactly what to do to bring him back, and it still amazed Sherlock. Of course, they lived together, so he was bound to know a few things about him and his way of thinking or what he held important in everyday life, but to be able to undo Moriarty's breaking...
Regally spread on the bed was neither a manul nor a man, but a woman, in all her glory. Sherlock's gaze narrowed.
"Of course," Sherlock said as she rose, standing up as well. "I hope I will have the pleasure to talk to you again."
Victor’s lips fleetingly curled into his trademark lopsided smirk, but then his eyes stopped on something behind Sherlock and the mask was back into place.
Shifting a bit so as to have a better view on his flatmate, he observed him with curiosity. The sheet only covered his body up to the waist, so the first thing the consulting detective noticed was, obviously, the scar from the bullet wound. Anyone would have sincerely admitted that it was an ugly thing to see, except a lover perhaps, who would have found it the most beautiful scar in the world.
"What the..." John began, but he froze when he saw Sherlock's instinctive reaction had been to stretch his arm to the side before him, as if to prevent him from smashing into the seat in front of him. As the car came to a halt, and there was obviously no danger to be feared, Sherlock removed his arm and averted his gaze embarrasedly.
Sherlock shrugged. "The pub doesn't matter. It just sounded like something you'd feel more comfortable with..."
Lestrade had thought then that he'd hit rock bottom. This wasn't just the person he had loved and married leaving him, it was his whole life called into question, everything he had tried to put up with and to accept rubbed in his face all over again. Greg knew he was no genius; but he tried to do his job well. He was conscientious and upright. Even if he was nothing extraordinary, he thought he deserved some esteem. True, he was nothing great, but he was a good man, and, he believed, a good detective inspector. He thought he'd been a good husband, too. Apparently, he'd been wrong there as well.
The triviality of the exchange fails to dispel the sense of unease. Because your eyes are fixed on the door, you miss whatever expression Mycroft has upon hearing your answer, and are relieved when he simply replies:
Maybe the air was actually warm. Sherlock was not sure why it had seemed cool before. Now it definitely felt warm, almost too warm against his skin.
"Read this," Sherlock commanded as he handed him his phone. It was an online newspaper article. John read.
Samuel Hupaetos, had remarried, but that was nothing unusual and it wasn't much noted by the media, as Hupaetos kept both the ceremony and the honeymoon secret. He categorically refused that any picture should be taken of his new wife, and his personal guards chased the few daring journalists or hired photographs who attempted the deed.
"You don't have to prove yourself to me, Sherlock," John said, squeezing his arm gently. "What Maggie said–"
Sherlock eyed him suspiciously, wondering what could possibly be going on in his mind for him to make such a blunder, but he was quite fed up himself, and so brushed it off.
Suddenly it all came back to him like a punch in the face. The one time he saw Harry cry, it was because of Sherlock Holmes's death.
"Nah, only a couple of hours," she replies mischievously, and you can't help but return her smile. She's wearing a skirt, you notice. A green one, with a creamy turtle-neck sweater. She's gone out without a coat, even though it's November already. Her hair is down, slightly tangled. She was interesting enough yesterday, why must she be just your type today?
"Yes," Sherlock said, although he didn't. Fleetingly, he thought it was uncommon for John to suggest ingesting caffeinated drinks after dinner. The door was closed again and he listened to his flatmate's retreating steps.
A lot of Bach. The Bee Gees. Lately, he had started playing the guitar, too. He was good enough, and was learning so to speak. Just practising. One day, he had just come into his flat with his usual weapon case, and a guitar.
But if he didn't come back, who would remind him of it? If Mycroft trusted Sherlock to delete John properly, he wouldn't have been too worried. He would've thought it was too bad, because Sherlock obviously always craved love and attention, and John Watson was ready to give him all that, and more. But he didn't even believe Sherlock could manage to remove his feelings completely – not where John was concerned. No man could. When you started caring, you were doomed. Still, Mycroft knew Sherlock would try. He'd try, and destroy everything in his wake.
Victor Trevor was an important person in the Holmes's history. There was a reason Mycroft had mentioned him, and only him, when he had questioned John about his relationship with Sherlock.
"I'll just go and get that case from Lestrade for you and come back here so we can read the file together."
. The warmth was emanating from his curled up body pressed against John, only separated by the blanket the doctor was wrapped in.
Tentatively, Seb reached towards Sherlock's chest and rested his hand on his heart. It wasn't hammering, but he could distinctly feel it beating against his palm. Sherlock did not push him back.
Sherlock smirked and they exchanged an amused, knowing look. John leant in and kissed his lover briefly.
He turned to look at her. "But you know that already, don't you? Some IOU people were watching, worried about how things would turn out for them, worried about his obsession with Sherlock. Jim knew he was under surveillance. He put on a show."
Sherlock felt his body shake uncontrollably. He retched. There was a shot somewhere and he tried to scream a name.
and apparently his insufferable flatmate to boot only made it more flattering. Who could ever boast that they had tamed a tiger and made Sherlock Holmes purr in the span of one night?
He winked at them — or, most likely, at Sherlock, John thought with displeasure — and left, closing the door behind him.
John hung up ragingly. Really, could Big Brother be any more annoying? He knew perfectly well that John was right – or if he didn't, he could only trust him with this anyway. He was just interfering for the sake of it.
"I expect reciprocity," Sherlock pointed out. John looked lost, so he felt compelled to develop: "You too will have to tell me when you want something or do not want something."
"Look, you should go with Hilton. I know how much you miss riding." John's eyes widened, but Sherlock ignored it and turned to Elsie instead with doe eyes. "He had a pony as a child, you see – it was such a tragedy when it passed away from intestinal occlusion. But Mike always loved riding, and since we live in London because of my work, it's hard to own a horse..."
stupid or wrong. - Sherlock, I don't want the world believing you're… - That I am what? - A fraud. - You're worried they're right. - What? - You're worried they're right about me. - No. - That's why you're so upset. You can't even entertain the possibility that they might be right. You're afraid that you've been taken in as well. - No I'm not. - Moriarty is playing with your mind too. Can't you
"That Holmes guy told me I should probably try to convince you not to go back to Baker Street, ever..."
Now he was repeating "Why? Why, Mycroft, why?", his tone desperate, angry, accusatory. Mycroft simply hugged him awkwardly, knowing it would never happen again. Knowing that after this, Sherlock would hate him more than ever. But he regretted nothing. He had been right to do this, now he was sure. Sherlock had done something terrible to his mind, Irene Adler had been correct. He tightened his embrace for a second, then slackened.
"My father would never fly to London just for my birthday anyway, not all the way from Sydney. He didn't even come to see my mother after her operation. I know it was only the cataract, but still..."
His biggest mistake had been his lack of lucidity. Worse, his self-delusion. A genius like him couldn't lack lucidity unless he put the blinkers on himself. And he had, out of fear and lack of confidence. He'd averted his eyes and hadn't even acknowledged it. That was why Moriarty had managed to break him. Sherlock had never been a sociopath, even a high-functioning one. He'd always had a heart, somewhere. Mycroft had known, and that was why he was always being so sickeningly patronizing – adamant about "protecting" him. Moriarty had known, and that was how he had succeeded in dismantling him.
In the dim-lit suite, a man and a woman were standing face to face, she by the door, he by the window – she, illuminated by the crepuscular light, and he, silhouetted against it. Eyes plunging into eyes, brains already deciphering, calculating and speculating, they had been silent for almost a minute already, when the woman finally spoke:
Her head snaps up sharply and she can read on Greg's face that he is wondering whether he's said something rude unwittingly. Her face softens and she tries to focus on the conversation.
Sherlock snorted. Moran had the cigarettes, that's all. And there was no chance he could go buy any at this hour.
As he knocks on the dear landlady's door for the fifth time, John wonders if she could have gone out. She would have left a note, though, he is certain of it. A terrible sense of dread fills him. What if something happened? What if she accidentally fell and was now lying unconscious on the floor? There might no longer be any CIA agent to manhandle her, but she isn't immune to the more common domestic events that led to the most dramatic outcomes.
She tried to get out of it at first by being more cruel and vicious than she'd been to any other man: but Jim Moriarty was not a man. He was much more. He was beyond her reach; beyond the reach of anyone among those he called the
, was your message. Of course, you hadn't exactly got it - in fact you had missed the most important fact, which was that Moriarty would use your 'friends' against you. That had become obvious when he'd started talking about fairy tales: protagonists always had auxiliary egos supporting them or helping them in their quest. When they sticked to the hero for a substantial period of time, they became targets. They needed to be left behind, so you could figure out Moriarty's little riddles, most of them encrypted in gematria. Music, letters and numbers thus filled your mind most of the time lately.
