“Fine,” he says standing up. “I like it when you are bossy, but sometimes you are a pain in the ass.”
“Okay,” he says sweetly. Dean makes a smile and begins to walk out of the living room, but before he leaves it, Castiel says, “Dean.” The hunter turns and he looks at Cas. “Thanks for taking care of me.”
He gets in the Impala and looks at Cas as he closes the door.
Castiel makes a thoughtful face as he peels a pear. “Milk, I think. And shampoo.”
And Castiel kisses him while he leans onto Dean, without stopping his movements. His hands find Dean’s and they lace their fingers together, resting their hands on each side of Dean’s head. They rest their foreheads together as they increase their pace. Dean thrusts harder, seeking for Castiel’s sweet spot, earning him a wonderful clench.
Castiel’s mouth keeps tracing down the shaft, leaving no freckle without kissing. Dean is really enjoying this; his moans and how his toes and spine are curved, show it. Even his breath has now turned into a shaky one.
“Until you become the monster,” Cas finishes for him.
“What?” Dean asks, not caring that he sounds desperate or needy.
“It’s just—” Castiel takes a deep breath. “Complicated.”
Dean looks into those beautiful blue eyes, seeing concern in them. “Good, like always,” Dean answers with a charming smile that he knows it’s half fake. “And you?”
“They have the same pronunciation, but they don’t have anything else in common.”
“Regardless of that, I still think you should eat healthier.”
“Keep frustrating him Sam. That way it will be easier to win.” Kevin says with a mischievous smile.
Cas gets his tongue inside Dean’s mouth, which makes Dean moan. The bastard learns really fast and Dean adores it. And he is even rocking his hips needy, asking for more, and Dean doesn’t need to be asked twice, so his hands trace down Castiel’s sides, until they find his pajama’s pants. Then Cas is the one to take off Dean’s. And it goes like that with their underwear.
Dean gives him a bitch face. “Do you really think I’m gonna let you sleep alone?”
“As always. Some days the work goes great, full with clients and other days, there are just a couple. Y’know how this goes.” He explains. “Are you sure ya don’t wanna work here?”
Dean sighs. He looks around. They haven’t left Chicago yet, he could turn around and head towards a nice hotel. After all Charlie got them that credit card so they can get the best room in the city if they want to, besides, his body needs to take a rest. “Alright,” Dean says as he takes a detour to get back to the city and get a hotel room.
Dean shows his little brother his middle finger while Castiel laughs. “That would be really terrible for Dean’s badass reputation,” Castiel says. Dean gives him a deadly glare that earns him a cocky smile from Cas followed by a kiss on his cheek. “You get so cute when you are this grumpy.” The comment makes Sam laugh.
“Well, I don't know. But there has to be something. And how many more chances are we gonna get?”
“Fuck.” Dean mutters.
Cas smiles. “I’m sure I won’t mind that.”
They pull away, only a few inches separate their faces. Their eyes meet and Dean hopes that his eyes can say all those things that are stuck in his throat. By the look Cas is giving him, he doesn’t fully believe what just happened, but then, his hand fists the front of Dean’s Henley’s shirt and pulls him into another kiss.
Late in the evening, there is a knock on his door.
Castiel chuckles. “Let me be the judge of that.” He is about to grab one, but Dean slaps his hand in a quick movement that Castiel doesn’t see coming. “Ouch!” he groans, glaring him.
Castiel chuckles. His eyes meet Dean’s. “I’m always weird for you, Dean.”
“Then?”
Amara appears to say that she will cooperate. Then, Jack and Dean start to gather their stuff so they can finish Billie’s last trial. As Dean waits for Jack to be done, Sam confronts Dean, telling him that what he is doing is wrong, that he has lost his moral. He also tells him that they don’t give up on family, and Dean tells him that Jack isn’t family.
“I don’t think he has forgotten you. I don’t think he will.”
Dean opens his eyes. “I talked on the phone with my father.”
“What else? We hunt Lucifer, trap the bastard, and save Cas.”
Dean makes a teasing smile. “Only when I’m treated really good.”
“It’s perfect, Cas,” Dean says, dedicating a sweet smile to Cas before checking how the scrambled eggs are doing.
When Dean wakes up, it is raining outside. He sighs and kisses Castiel’s shoulder. Cas hums happily and caresses his hands.
Castiel rolled his eyes and then glared his older brother. “I’m not kicking you out. I’m just curious about your plans.” He got his hand on top of Dean’s and laced their fingers. He missed Dean’s usual warmth. “You must have thought about what your presence carries.” He gave his brother an obvious look, silently stating what they both knew. Gabriel nodded. “I would completely understand if you wanted to remain gone or abdicate.”
It is difficult to get rid of that fear.
“Cas,” Dean simply says, his nerves slipping into his voice.
There is pain and desperation in Cas’ eyes. Dean looks at him, worried, but then he scoffs, because this is just a weird joke.
Cas’ thrusts are hard but sweet, full of desperation. Dean gets his hands on Cas’ back, moving them restlessly, not knowing where to rest them; he has the urge to touch everywhere, to feel Cas in every tiny inch of his body. They keep moaning each other’s names the whole time. There’s a moment when Cas finds his mouth and they kiss, and Cas cups his face and looks at Dean with devotion, and it is too much for the green eyed man, but he missed the way Cas looks at him, as if he was someone full of worth.
“C’mere,” Dean says as he rolls onto his side and spreads his arms.
Instead of getting angry, Dean smirks. Although there is teasing, there’s also a warning. “Do you really want to find out?”
He takes a shaky breath and stands up, feeling as if his legs were made of jelly. Slowly, he takes off his jacket. He stares at the bloody handprint for a while, feeling his eyes tearing up for the millionth time.
Although on Mondays, all his students seem to be quite sleepy. But Castiel has found out that every single student from the university is like that on Mondays. The rest of the week, everyone seems to get back their batteries and they are more active and more attentive. Anyway, Castiel always tries to make his lessons to be entertainment, especially on Mondays. And it seems to work. By the end of the lesson, everyone seems to be more hustler than when the lesson started.
“I’ve got you, Cas,” Dean whispers. He can feel Castiel’s cock twitching under his stomach, knowing that he is about to come, and Dean is as close as Castiel is.
When Eileen comes to the bunker, Sam greets her with a long kiss.
“Shut up, sweetheart,” Dean snorts as he playfully kicks Cas’ leg, making both of them chuckle. “By the way, we’re definitely making love later to celebrate that we just finished with our home.”
“I always forget how much you love this outfit,” Castiel says.
He lets out a painful chuckle. He closes his eyes and feels more tears running down his face. He takes a long swig of the whiskey, barely feeling the burn of the liquid in his throat. His body feels numb, but the pain is still present in his heart. It is the only thing he can feel; that constant and unbearable pain.
Castiel moans sweetly. “A little bondage once in a while feels good.”
But Cas’ face doesn’t look relieved at all; his face looks hurt, devastated and even angry.
He offers his hand and Cas takes it.
Cas releases a long breath. “I’m sorry too.”
Dean laughs.
“I’m sorry, but I’m the one who has the best boyfriend ever,” he rectifies with a smug face. Dean laughs and kisses Cas again. He will never get tired of kissing him. “He will be fine, Dean. And if he needs you or even me, he will call, don’t worry.”
“Or maybe it just wanted to burn anything,” Dean says, looking at the picture of the ovinnik. He keeps looking at the website, trying to find a way to kill it. “It doesn’t say how to kill it.”
“You know what? Just wander around here and grab whatever the hell you want. I’ll wait here with the shopping cart.” He says tiredly. Sam will go faster if he isn’t complaining about Dean’s diet and Dean won’t have to put up with this nutritionist facet Sam is going through right now.
Dean drops his head and looks away.
“I was starting to think it was taking you too long to say that.”
Right now, Dean could kiss Cas. He loves so much being like this with Cas. And fuck, Cas looks so goddamn awesome with one of Dean’s old long sleeve tees and with those plaid pajamas pants and that messy wild bed hair. He wants to kiss him stupidly, feeling that wonderful smile on his lips. Damn it, he has just got up and he is already thinking things he shouldn’t think about.
“But for now, we should focus on finding a way to get rid of the Mark of Cain,” Cas says, taking a deep breath. He pulls his hand away, and Dean wants to chase after his touch, but remains still, just watching Cas. “And we will see where that leads us.”
“Yeah.” Dean chuckles. “Sam is like me too. And dad is the same. Tomorrow they will do some tests to see if they finally know what the hell is going on.” He exhales angrily. “I hate this waiting, you know? I just want to know if he is gonna wake up, or die, or be in coma. I hate this uncertainty.”
“I thought I was saving Heaven. I got played, too,” Cas says, softly.
“I don’t care,” he says tightening Dean, and he can hear the soft chuckle the hunter makes. “I like it, and you like it too. You only complain because you don’t want me to know how much you enjoy it when I little spoon you.” He nuzzles Dean’s nape again and he kisses it.
“Hey, Cas.” He wants to kiss him, but he doesn’t know if it is right when there are some customers on the store. “I wasn’t expecting to see you this soon.”
“What happened to Cas?” Sam asks after Crowley has finished explaining things.
They increased the pace of their movements a little bit. Dean slightly changed the angle a little bit, aiming for that sweet spot that left Castiel blissed and moaning Dean’s name as if it was something holy. His whole body squirmed and trembled under Dean’s, clenching really tight around Dean’s cock that Dean trembled, too. Dean hit that spot again and both of them moaned.
“Especially if they are in a pie.”
It’s been a while since Dean went to that amusement park, mostly because of the weather, and he is willing to go, not only because he likes Playland, but also because he is going with Cas. Besides, today isn’t a cold day. He still has to wear a couple of layers of clothes, but he will do fine with a Henley’s shirt, a shirt and his leather jacket.
Dean gives his brother a weird look. “Seriously? That’s the more logical one?”
” she keeps saying. “
“That sounds great, Dean,” Castiel says with a tiny smile.
“It’s from last year’s summer,” he answers. He always forgets about it. It’s been too long since he had sex in his Impala. “And I think this is also from that year too,” he adds, handing Cas the condom before dropping his wallet onto the front seat.
“No, don’t worry.” He makes that sweet comforting smile. “If the nurse isn’t telling you anything, it is because she must be in practice and she isn’t allowed to tell information like that. It’s hospital policy. Students who are in practices here at the hospital can’t tell any kind of bad news to the family. It can go wrong, you know?” he explains, serenely calm.
“I want to practice a few other shoots,” Castiel answers. He knows he only has to apply geometry to play this game, but he wants to gain some practice before they play the game.
“You didn’t tell him?” Sam asks in disbelief.
“Do you really think that it’s possible to bring Cas back?” Sam asks in that tone that Dean hates because it means that his brother isn’t fully on board with something. “Jack didn’t really think that it could be done.”
Dean stares at him. He knows the pain must be showing on his face, so he tries his best to keep himself together, because he needs to convince Ezekiel.
“Crowley’s right. You should go,” Cas says in pain.
Dean looks at him through his eyelashes, his cock twitching at the sight of Castiel panting, lips parted, closed eyes and tilted head. He moans around his cock as he swirls his tongue along the shaft and he begins to bob his head, licking all the way up, tasting Castiel’s cock. He lets his lips and tongue taste the head before he bobs his head down, swallowing him again. Castiel rolls his hips, getting a bit deeper, until Dean’s nose is pressed against the dark hair of his groin. Dean moans and bobs his head, this time faster, feeling Castiel’s cock getting wetter and warmer.
Cas types something and Claire answers again. He is probably informing her that they are about to go to bed and get some sleep, because Dean soon hears Cas placing his phone on his bedside table and then he hears Cas taking off his boots.
And Dean keeps working with his fingers inside Castiel, looking how Castiel is so close to losing it all. Dean loves having Cas like this. Cas is clinging himself on Dean, pressing their bodies together as he keeps moaning and shaking and rocking and shivering as Dean’s fingers keep doing crazy things to him.
The four of them redecorated the bunker to make it look homier, but there are things that still look like a bunker, no matter how much they work on it or how many times they try to change the color of the walls or the furniture. But the bunker is still their home, the first home Castiel had, where he and Dean got together, where he started to build memories with Dean, Sam and Charlie, where he first made plants grow thanks to his hands, not because of his power. There is something really special in the bunker, but there is something even more special about the house.
Castiel glares him. “Of course not. But I wish for my beard to grow at a slower pace.”
“Got any plans for today?” Dean asks, leaning into the warmth of Cas’ touch.
Cas laughs softly and kisses Dean, tenderly, his hand cups Dean’s face, his thumb brushing his cheek. “But you like it. You wouldn’t be blushing if you didn’t.”
Castiel moves and turns around, Dean doing the same. Then Castiel grabs his hand and they start walking towards the Impala while holding hands. “It’s a ten hour drive.”
“He has beaten you, too,” Castiel commented.
“I killed the other,” Sam affirms. “I guess that’s all.” He turns around, taking a look around, or trying to. His clothes are completely darkened by the rain, like Dean’s and Castiel’s, and his hair is soaked and flat, making it look longer than it is. “We should get back to the motel. We’re gonna catch a cold if we stay out here.”
Dean stands up and cups Castiel’s face, pulling him into a needy kiss. His partner hums and places his hands on Dean’s back, fisting his Henley shirt. When they pull away, their lips are brushing and they are swollen.
“Lie down,” Dean says, forcing his voice to come out.
She nods and turns around to open a tiny drawer, grabbing two cards that are the keys of their room. “Here are the keys of your suite,” she explains as she slides them on the desk. Dean picks one and Castiel picks the other, looking at it with curiosity. Motels don’t have cards as keys, so he must be intrigued by it. “Everything has been settled in the honeymoon suite so your staying will be enjoyable.”
together. They liked reading books together. It was nice to be able to read and then discuss the book. He and Dean shared opinions, but it was interesting to hear the things that Dean noticed about characters that Castiel didn’t and the other way around, and it was interesting to discuss the things that they didn’t agree on.
“It’s definitely not.” He shoots him a wide grin before he steps out of the bedroom.
Their rhythm begins to falter as they get closer to their release. Their movements are eager and desperate, but they don’t stop. Dean kisses the corner of Castiel’s mouth, his cheek and his jaw before Castiel smashes their mouths for a hurried kiss and when he pulls away, he presses their foreheads together, breathing into each other, sharing the same space.
Dean shrugged. “I wanted to help as much as I could.”
“Right,” Dean agrees.
“Tension always exhausts me.” He makes a tired smile as he looks at his friend. He knows that sight, and he knows that Balthazar wants something else. “You aren’t here just to congratulate me, are you?” he asks with a cocky smile.
Castiel wants to believe, he really wants, but Dean will never reciprocate his feelings. Why would Dean love someone as broken as Castiel? He keeps just screwing everything up and Dean has always to fix them. Dean is the righteous man, so wonderful and extraordinary and Castiel is just some broken fallen angel. He isn’t worth and he will never be.
Castiel makes a thoughtful face. He rolls onto his side and leans his chin on Dean’s freckled shoulder. “I think it was in our honeymoon.” His hand moves down to Dean’s chest, seeking his hand, and Dean meets him halfway, intertwining their fingers.
Dean nods and stops on the shoulder of the road. He gets out of the Impala while Cas slides onto the front seat until he is in the driver’s seat. Dean goes around the car and gets in the Impala again, sitting on the passenger’s seat. “Thanks,” Dean says, rubbing his eyes. He is getting older and he can’t drive for as long as he used to.
“You’ll figure it out, eventually.”
Dean smiles a feels how his cheeks blush. “Yeah, it does.” He knows what Cas means. They have sex, but it always feels as something deeper and more intimate. There is something about it that they can’t describe with words. “Why are we talking about this?” he asks, chuckling shyly.
“No, thank you. I think we’ll have more than enough for at least four days.”
“Castiel!” A rough voice yelled.
Castiel sighed. “Yes, I know.” He really enjoyed being in the river. He liked how the fresh water drenched his skin. But they always had to get out really soon so Castiel could dry.
Dean kisses him, long and sweetly, Cas making little moans in it. “Goodnight, Cas.”
Cas looks surprised and delighted at Dean’s proposal, but then, a concerned look appears on his face. “That sounds wonderful, Dean, but you must be exhausted from today’s events.”
Also,
“I didn’t see a better choice, Dean!”
“Dean,” Cas says, with a soft voice. He places his hand on Dean’s wrist. It is a subtle touch, but as always, it sets Dean’s on fire. He lifts his eyes to meet Cas’ and he sees the earnestness in them. “There is no way that she would get to know you and don’t love you.”
“I will remain by your side, Dean, for as long as you have me.”
“You use it, too,” he sasses, giving him a playful look. Castiel grins. “I love you, too.”
The ex-angel is quick at removing both the jeans and the boxers. Dean kicks them out of his legs and steps closer, wanting to remove Castiel’s, but the blue eyed man grips Dean’s hips tightly and keeps him in place so he can swallow Dean’s cock.
“You seem to be against the idea,” Cas comments, frowning.
“Hey,” Dean says ashamed. He sits down on the chair and the first thing he does is to drink the pineapple juice in one sip. His mouth was extremely dry and it tasted like hell. He exhales sharply after the wonderful juice has been drunk. “Thanks for this,” Dean says pointing at the juice and then at the breakfast. Sam nods. “And sorry for yesterday,” he adds really ashamed.
Sam leaves the kitchen, frustrated. Dean suspects that he is going to see Jack. Meanwhile, Dean and Cas remain in the kitchen, standing together.
“Maybe not,” Castiel starts to say. “But all I know it’s that one way or another, I end up hurt because of you. And I’m tired of loving you and feeling pain. I’m tired of looking at you and wishing that things were better. I’m tired of looking back at the past and hoping I could find a way to change things. I’m tired of wanting to change those fifteen years. We have tried to make things good in between us, and it seemed to work but—” He takes a deep breath followed by a sob. “There are wounds that can’t be healed. It doesn’t matter how many ‘I love you’s or how many ‘I’m sorry’s you say, I can’t trust you again, I can’t let myself love you again.”
“At the count of three?” Dean asks.
The flour ends up revealing part of the shape of the tiger, and Dean can tell it is huge. He could use the flamethrower, but he would burn Cas and that isn’t something he wants to do, so instead, he grabs his gun and shoots at the tiger, which roars and moves from Castiel to get Dean, but Castiel manages to grabs his tail and to keep him away from Dean.
“This is the first time you’re taking someone on vacations with you,” Kevin explains, with a mocking voice. “You’re growing up so fast, Charlie.”
“You two are unbelievable,” Jess mutters, laughing.
Dean is forced to fight against an angel named Miriam, who tells him that they want Jack because he can do everything.
Dean chuckles and takes a long sip of the chocolate, sighing happily after finishing it. He licks his upper lip, not missing Cas’ happy look. “Hurry up and finish your chocolate, because I really need to get some sleep.”
“Okay.”
Castiel rolls his eyes but he smiles.
Cas gives him his brand own confused look, the one Dean loves too much because Cas looks adorable when he squints his eyes and tilts his head.
“Whatever,” Dean mumbles. “Okay, before we get out of here, there are some things that I still don’t understand, like how can we be in the same dream? The only way you can get into someone’s dream is by drinking African dream root. Unless these djinns possess some powers we’ve never heard of.”
Castiel nodded. “Well, at least my father is. You didn’t know?” Most of the people knew the Novak name. After all it was the King’s last name, and Castiel’s father was the most famous Duke in the country, so it was rare to find someone who didn’t recognize the name.
He gets as many slices as he can with Sam’s money. Surprisingly his brother doesn’t make any sassy remark about the amount of pies Dean is going to eat, but after all, this was Sam’s idea; he wants to cheer him up, so Sam is probably going to save all of his usual snappy comments for another day.
Dean walks towards Gabriel’s office he’s the guy who runs the club. He's a weird guy but he cares about the prostitutes more than a lot of people. He has rules with the clients, always condoms, no blood, and no damage and when a whore says no then it means no. He always says to the clients, “just because he’s a whore doesn’t mean he isn’t a human being.” If client’s treat the staff like shit, Gabriel doesn’t hesitate to kick them out.
“Do you actually think that if Cas and I got together, we could be happy?” Dean asks in a murmur, feeling how his cheeks blush.
As Dean is getting closer to Castiel’s house, he feels more and more nervous. His hands are sweating; he wipes off them on his jeans, fidgeting. What is wrong with him today? The only difference from the rest of the nights is that he is going to have sex in Cas’ apartment and he will have to do that twice a week. It is the unknown what makes him feel nervous and even a bit scared. Cas seems to be a good guy, but what if he isn’t? He really doesn’t want a bad experience like the one he had with Alastair.
“You owe us,” Dean reminds her with a teasing smile.
“You remember everything.”
Dean shrugs. “Dunno.” He wishes it could mean the same, but the way Cas acted the moment Dean saw it, well, Dean is practically sure that it doesn’t have the same meaning as his.
This felt so natural, so deep, so intimate, so perfect, and Dean is a bit scared of what it might be all of this, but right now, he just wants to sleep with Cas in his arms. They can make an exception for one night, can’t they?
Dean rolls his eyes and stands up. He draws Charlie into a hug and the ginger smiles happily. “Merry Christmas Eve, your highness.”
“It sounds wonderful, Dean.”
After lunch, the rest of their afternoon is spent talking with the families of their victims who lived in town. They find out that all the victims had something in common; each pair was composed of two close friends. But apart from that, each pair disappeared in different places.
“Yes, I’m fine,” Castiel answers.
“Takes one to know one,” Dean replies chuckling as he switches off his laptop.
“Rufus didn’t have a cabin in Spokane,” Sam says, and Dean can’t help but groan at that. His dream of having a nice place to stay in for a while has quickly vanished. “But Jody has one.”
“Hey, I was thinking about something,” Dean says, turning his eyes from the road to look at Cas, who turns his face to look at him with a curious stare, wanting him to go on. “We could drive to Chicago and eat one of their famous pizzas.”
They get into bed and Castiel rolls over, tugging himself on Dean’s body, so Dean can hug him perfectly. “Thank you Dean. For everything.” Castiel says with a sweet voice.
“Dean, don’t make me picture things that I don’t want to,” Sam says with a disgusted voice.
“Wow.”
Castiel smiles at him and then returns his eyes to the coffee pot.
“And you are such an assbutt.” He stands up and dedicates Dean that beautiful smile of his.
“Of course. Yeah,” Bobby says with a soft voice that’s quite snarky. “You just lost one of the best friends you ever had, your brother’s in the bell jar, and Purgatory’s most wanted are surfing the sewer lines. But yeah, yeah, I get it. You’re— you're fine.”
Dean knows it has to do with the fact that he and Cas are in love. Everything feels better, more intense and more intimate.
“Punish him,” she says, pointing at Dean.
Thank you so much for reading, and for all the kudos, the comments, the bookmarks and the subscriptions. The series is finally over after so many years. It's sad to let it go, but I'm happy that I managed to write a story for so long. I just love Dean and Cas and I want them to be happy.
“Will I see you soon or will I have to wait for a few more days like this time?”
When they pull away, Dean is blushing and smiling as if he finally kissed his crush after hiding his emotions for so long. Castiel is like Dean too. “See you then, Dean,” Castiel says.
Castiel chuckles bitterly. “Still—”
_____
“Of course.”
“Where are you?” Castiel asks.
Dean understands that. He remembers that every time Castiel stayed with him, it was bittersweet. It was sweet because it meant that Cas was with him, but it was bitter because he knew that Cas would leave eventually. But it has been years since that. Cas has stuck with him and he doesn’t have any intention of leaving, even if Dean sometimes fear it. Dean didn’t know Cas would fear about Dean being the one who left.
“And you just love me because I bring you coffee when you can’t even get up from bed, so don’t judge me, babe.” He kicks his shin and Castiel rolls his eyes, but he smiles.
“Cas, just stop, please.” Dean says with a heartbreaking voice. He could just get out of the bed and leave, but he wants to stay in Cas’ apartment. He could sleep in the Impala, but it isn’t really comfortable. He could go home, but Sam would see him and he would start to ask a lot of things that Dean doesn’t want to answer. He just needs to be alone, right now.
“Yes,” Castiel says with a lovely smile.
“I will help you, Castiel,” Charlie promised, her eyes shining bright. She squeezed Castiel’s wrist, soothingly. “I’m glad to know that you care about us and that you want to change things for better. We needed someone like you.”
The morning light leaks through the curtains, giving the room a warm look that reminds him of the light in Dean’s bedroom. He is worried about Dean. He must have had a terrible night. He only hopes that he will get better eventually.
Zachariah gave him a perplexed look. It seemed as if he was going to say something, but he closed his mouth and nodded. Castiel turned his face to look at Charlie, who was trying not to look smug and happy about what Castiel said. “Thank you, Your Majesty, it’s nice to know some people respect women,” Charlie said, giving Zachariah a poisoned look.
“Cas, you aren’t gonna break it unless you go all Jimi Hendrix,” he jokes, but Cas gives him a confused look accompanied with that cute tilt of head to his side. “Just— never mind.” He sighs but smiles. “Here,” he says handing him the guitar. Cas looks at it and then at Dean, as if he was asking for permission, but he grabs the guitar and holds it. “Okay. Now let me sit behind you.” He drags his ass on the bed until he is sitting behind Cas, pressing his chest against his back and he rests his chin on Cas’ shoulder, his hands coming to grab Cas’ to guide him.
“And don’t you dare to pay me for it,” Dean added with an obvious look. “It’s gonna be a gift, got it?”
How can this feel so natural? The two of them putting groceries where they belong to.  Although Castiel leaves them on the table because he doesn’t know where Dean wants them, but this feels good. Castiel can’t help wondering if this is what would have happened in their future if Dean never left. Probably. But it would be happier, with both of them laughing, happy and Dean stealing kisses from Castiel, making him blush.
Dean smiles and kisses him. “Of course.”
“Yeah, it is.”
“Come in, Cas,” Dean says.
“Yes, now,” Castiel insisted. He wasn’t sure if there was a beach nearby, but it was his dream and the dream would shape itself to accommodate to Castiel’s desires.
“Shut up.” He kissed Dean to stop him from saying more things that will make him be as red as a tomato. “And you look extraordinarily beautiful under the snow.”
“I know it is not an ironing board because it is impossible that it could be hidden in any of those bags,” he starts to say with a playful smirk. “But I wouldn’t say you decided to buy me a calculator.” That earns him a small kick from Cas, which makes Dean laugh more than grunt.
Cas keeps his thrusts steady, changing the angle once in a while, getting as deep as he can, touching that wonderful spot that leaves Dean arching his back off bed and pressing his head against the pillow. Their hips collide together with every movement they make. Dean brings his hand to Cas’ cheek, his fingers brushing his hair and he looks at him, making Cas wail and kiss him with something that makes Dean feel special, treasuring this moment as he feels Cas moving inside him, his cock removing the awful emptiness and hitting in the right spot, feeling the hot and warm body of Cas pressed against his, making him feel alive.
“Fuck, Cas, oh, fuck,” Dean moans, rolling his hips as if he was on a mission, loving how warm and tight Cas feels around him. “You feel so fucking good.”
“Your Highness is such a sap,” Dean said, chuckling. “But Your Highness should know that I love him, with all my heart.”
“Yeah, but I also care about you two,” he says. Sam turns his face to dedicate him a questioning look. “I swear.”
“Okay.”
The moment Castiel opens the door after Dean has rung the doorbell, memories come back to Dean. The happy boy who used to open the door when they were just two teenagers in love is now a gorgeous man, but a sad man. Dean thinks that for a moment, he loses the ability to breath, not only for the reminder of the past, but also because Castiel looks gorgeous. He has wild messy hair, he is wearing a nice blue sweater that matches his eyes and some dark jeans with some expensive shoes, or they look to be expensive.
“Dean, ‘the problem’ might be our only shot at saving mom.”
It’s Saturday night which means that Dean has to go to the Red Candy Club to work; of course, Sam doesn’t know about this. Dean has lied about his work to Sam since he started to work the year he turned 18. All Sam knows about Dean’s job is that he works in a really expensive bar. Dean is now 21, so he has been lying his little brother for three years.
He really hopes that the damn portal does exist. But he doesn’t like that Benny knows about its existence because of some random monsters.
“How about we leave French fries for the weekend and make some burgers?”
My exams are coming, which means I'm going to take a hiatus, so the next chapter won't be uploaded until
When Dean hits that wonderful spot, Cas’ hips lift from the bed and he lets out a moan that resonates in his whole body. Dean hits that spot again and Cas’ moans get louder and he clenches really tight around him that Dean can feel how quick his orgasm is building.
“I did.”
“Aw, Cas, you’re so sweet.” They stopped walking. They didn’t want to get closer to the palace when they were still having an important conversation. “Don’t worry. You wouldn’t believe in all the troubles I’ve been. And yet, here I am.”
But they never break the space completely. Neither of them gets rid of those few inches that they still leave in between, that small space that still holds because they are just best friends and nothing more.
His brother had a point, but Castiel didn’t want to let his brother know. He knew he could trust him. He had changed and he tried to be as discrete as possible, especially since their Father started to be so strict with their education, but still, Castiel was unsure. But if he didn’t tell him, his brother would find out one way of another.
“You can’t let him get to you, Dean. He’s gonna mess up with you constantly, that’s his nature, and if you react like you just did, that’s only gonna make him want to mess you up more and more.”
Sam grins happily. “Has he told you the L-word already?” They get into the building and before a policeman can ask who they are, both of them are showing their fake FBI badges. The policeman nods and points them the direction to the morgue.
Balthazar moves his arm towards Castiel so he can squeeze his arm to give him encouragement. Castiel forces a weak smile and nods before his friend leaves. He knows he has to cheer up, but it is so hard; the pain, the self-hatred and the regret don’t let him cheer up. And the worst of all it is knowing that Dean must be feeling even worse than him. All because of his fault.
Dean can’t judge him. Why would Cas want to be wasting his time around Dean?
Dean looks at Cas, half in disbelief and half in awe. It takes him a few seconds to process what Cas just said, and when he has processed Cas’ words, he cups Cas’ face and he kisses him.
“Only a fifty percent will be needed, and in case of a tie, your word is what counts,” she finished with a grin. Castiel nodded. “But what do you want me to do?”
“Yeah, Cas,” Dean murmurs.
“Good job,” Gabriel said, sighing. “At least he’s alive, but you know you won’t be able to see him again, right?”
Dean rolled his eyes. “You’ve gotta be fucking kidding me.”
Dean looks at him.
“Of course not, Cas.” Dean says. Cas approaches him and before he is going to cover Dean’s eyes with the tie, Dean stops him. “Cas.” Dean starts to say. “There’s no need to ask me if I mind this or that. As long as you don’t hurt me, it’s all right.”
Without thinking it twice, Dean presses his thumb on Cas’ chin and wipes the chocolate stain. He also notices a tiny stain of chocolate on the corner of Castiel’s mouth, and Dean’s thumb goes directly there.
“What if she left spells all around her house like Rowena had in hers?” Castiel inquires. He leans onto his chair, and Dean immediately misses the warmth of his proximity. “You and Sam told me that her spells killed everyone who entered her house. Except for you and Sam.”
“You’re the fucking worst, Cas.” He tries to act as if he was slightly pissed off but instead, he chuckles.
“Sam’s right,” Jessica agreed, nodding. “We just knew him, and he’s like you. He seems to want to help people, to use his power for good, and that’s all we want. We know that now that he is here, he has the right to be crowned, so nobody blames you for wanting to step aside from this, Cas.”
“Yeah, see you. Goodnight.”
“Hey, Cas,” Sam greeted.
“True love,” Castiel whispers, then he chuckles and Dean frowns at that. “Look at what red roses mean.” He points Dean where the red roses are, just a few steps away from where he stands, and he walks towards them.
“What?” Cas asks, teasingly, a cocky grim making its way into his lips. “Am I too sappy?”
“Yes,” Castiel says, nodding. He opens his eyes and looks at Dean. “I didn’t expect it to be so intense and overwhelming.”
“Dean, you are drunk.” Sam’s voice is so hurt.
“Shut up, Cas,” Dean snaps. He ends up lying onto his chest and spreading his arm onto Cas’ chest. “Done.”
Castiel made a tiny smile and looked at their joined hands, caressing the back of Dean’s hand. “Well, at least we are now together. Not fully but—”
When they were completely topless, Castiel turned around the two of them and they fell onto the bed, being Dean the one with his back pressed against the mattress. Castiel pulled his lips from Dean’s, and he kneeled in between his legs. He took off his shoes and Dean’s boots, both of them making a rattling sound. He took off their socks later, and Dean rose up and met Castiel in a fervent kiss, tracing down his back, sneaking his hands under his dress pants and underwear, squeezing his buttocks. Castiel moaned, surprised, and Dean smirked as he repeated the motion. His fingers moved downer, until they brushed Castiel’s rim, and Castiel shivered and moaned, moving away from Dean’s lips, but Dean chased his mouth and began to nibble Castiel’s bottom lip.
“Yeah, I remember. You said I sucked,” Cas snaps, looking angry.
“Cas, when you came back, you didn't even look us in the eye,” Sam explains. “You wanna explain what's going on here?”
Dean simply chuckles and blushes a little. He dedicates Castiel a beautiful smile that Castiel mirrors. He looks at Dean and he wishes the print that Dean left in his heart so many years ago could be erased easily. He wishes that his heart stopped feeling like it did when he saw Dean cooking and singing. He wishes that deep down, he truly stopped wanting the life he and Dean could have had if Dean never left.
“You also love that ice-cream, Dean,” Castiel says as he stands up. “Don’t blame me.”
Dean looks at her in shock and horror. “What?”
“Let me doubt that, Cas.”
“I know, but trust me. Taking a walk usually helps.” He strokes Castiel’s closest leg in a soothing way.
While Cas attends his fans, Dean finds a bench and sits on it. Sometimes he forgets that Cas is famous. He sometimes forgets he is a famous actor. When he is with Cas, Dean doesn’t think that he is with Castiel Novak, the actor, he thinks that he is with Cas, his friend.
“I think she was happier than us,” Castiel jokes.
Castiel drops onto the couch and Dean kneels in front of him, spreading Cas’ legs so he can blow him properly. Before Dean gets his mouth on Cas’ cock, Castiel cups his face and strokes his cheekbones with his thumbs. Dean kisses one of the blue eyed man’s palms. Then, Cas’ hands go directly to Dean’s hair, gripping him tightly and Dean starts to get Cas’ cock inside his mouth.
Castiel kisses him happily. “Good. Now lay down on the couch.”
“Like the Tardis,” Castiel comments. He has also taken off his trench coat and is now putting his phone in silence mode, something that makes both Winchester brothers grab their phones to do the same.
Before Cas or Sam can say anything to him, Dean is walking away, going to the Impala to get some gasoline to burn the corpse of the ovinnink.
As they drive away, Dean and Cas barely talk to each other unless it is completely necessary. Dean is sure Sam picks up on that, but he doesn’t say anything about it. Sam tries to discuss how they are going to find the broken piece of the tablet that Crowley stole, but neither Dean nor Cas have any idea, so most of the drive is spent in silence.
Dean’s eyes flicker to the tree Cas is looking at. There is a big oak, and in its trunk, somebody carved a strange symbol.
After Castiel has rung the doorbell and the door has been opened, Dean is revealed and he frowns confused. “You are early,” Dean says.
“It is really hard,” Castiel confessed, sighing. He folded the paper and put it inside his blazer’s pocket. “But we have no other choice for now.”
“Anyway, I’m leaving before my father eats everything,” Jess announces. She stands on her tiptoes and Sam leans down to kiss her. Dean can’t help a proud smile. His Sammy has grown a lot. “See you tomorrow, Sam.”
Instead of answering him, Castiel grabs the tray and puts it in the shopping cart. Dean looks at him for a moment and then he laughs.
“Yes,” Dean and Cas say at the same time.
Dean tries to remember every time Cas was around, whether he was in the bunker or in a motel room, and how those nights when Dean was sleeping, he never seemed to have a nightmare. Nightmares always appeared when Cas wasn’t around or when Cas wasn’t an angel. He can’t believe he never noticed before.
“Yeah, I do.” His thumbs caress those soft cheeks of Cas. Both of them smile. “So, when are you bringing your things to our apartment?”
Sam just chuckles and he and Charlie step out of the kitchen, but Cas stays. “Can I stay here, Dean?” Castiel asks approaching Dean, who arches his eyebrow in question. “I want to see how a Christmas dinner is done.”
It turns out that once he starts to eat, his thoughts about Cas seem to disappear. His mind is quiet for the rest of the night, but once it’s time to go to bed and sleep, Dean’s last thought before he closes his eyes is that he might see Cas tomorrow.
Castiel’s mind said.
“I’m terribly scared of going back together. I truly am. But that video, that song, it all has showed me that I can trust you, and I’m giving you a trust that I thought I could never give you again,” he starts to say a bit nervous. “I don’t know how things will work out for the two of us, but for the first time in so many long years, I truly believe that we can make it, and I’m willing to start over again with you. I’m willing to take this risk.” He takes a step forward, getting into Dean’s personal space and Dean doesn’t move. “I need to hear that you won’t hurt me and that you love me, and I need you to say those words looking at my eyes.”
“Okay.” Cas says nodding. Then he kisses Dean. He starts to take off Dean’s jacket. “Can I ask you something a bit personal?”
Castiel smiles, almost as if his bitterness just completely faded away. “Only during a couple of minutes. The rest of the time, I love you more than coffee.” He pecks Dean’s lips, leaving a taste of coffee on them and then he starts with his second mug of coffee.
“No, please, no, no, no, no, no,” Dean mumbles.
Dean smiles and steals a quick kiss before he goes back to grab the hammer. “Okay, before any of them decide to appear again, do you have any theory about where we are of what’s going on?”
Dean’s eyebrow rises in a suggestive way. “Do you think that will be enough?” There’s a small smile trying to appear on his lips, but Castiel knows that Dean is doing his best to hide it.
They stop moving only when the two of them are done with their releases. Dean lies Castiel back onto the mattress and Castiel stretches his sore legs onto the bed. They both are panting, exhausted from the whole thing.
Dean rubs his face. He feels exhausted. Emotions always drain him. “Thanks, Charlie, for all of this. I needed it.”
Dean walks away from the library, being both pissed and ashamed.
Castiel hums in agreement.
Dean can’t believe he just confessed his love to Cas so easily. He can’t believe he uttered those words at all.
Dean rests his chin on his joined hands and studies the board. His king is still safe, but he knows it won’t be too long until Cas finds a weakness and goes after his king. Nevertheless, Dean is going to put a fight.
But as Dean looks at his bed, his resolve goes away. He is scared of reliving Cas’ death the moment he closes his eyes. He still has that memory burned into his brain, can still see it perfectly, can still feel everything that he felt as he watched Cas die. But also, he doesn’t want to get into his big bed. The empty space he always leaves has always felt too big, has always accentuated the loneliness and the longing in his heart. And now that he knows that all those lonely nights, Cas could have been there, that they could have slept together, that Dean could have woken up the next day and see Cas by his side, it brings Dean a new kind of pain.
“Before we left I grabbed the first aid kit,” Castiel starts explaining as he holds a tin box. “Just in case.”
Dean pecked his lips and then he grabbed his hand, pulling Castiel with him as they made it to the bedroom. He twirled Castiel when they were in there, meeting him into a tender but passionate kiss that made Castiel’s knees turn into jelly. He got his arms around Dean’s neck, pressing their chests impossibly close.
“Yeah.” He is excited to see it. He has never seen a set before and much less how anything is filmed, so it’s going to be interesting.
“You all right?”
Dean looks at Sam, offended. “Why not?”
They go to the pier to see the Statue of Liberty. Given that it is forbidden to get close to the island, they decide to see it from afar. After it, they decide to cross the Brooklyn Bridge on foot, admiring its architecture. Finally, they go to Coney Island, taking a slow walk, enjoying the picturesque places, feeling how the sea breeze caresses their skins. It feels so damn nice.
“I’m not treating you like a baby, but I know how fucking stubborn you are.” He gives him a bitch face and Castiel glares him, making Dean chuckle bitterly. “Just take care, okay?” he asks as he kisses Cas’ lips briefly. “You need to get better and heal.”
As Castiel deepens the kiss, Dean fists the back of Castiel’s shirt while his other hand moves restlessly on his hair, making a bigger mess. He is thankful to be pressed in between Castiel and the door, because otherwise he would fall.
It has been a long day, but the moment Castiel steps into the apartment, everything feels better. It is warm and it smells wonderful because Dean is already making dinner with some music playing low as he cooks. Castiel lets out a relieved and happy sigh when he closes the door and he sees Dean smiling at him.
Dean tilts his head to his side so his lips and Castiel’s meet again. He is going to miss these kisses, so he is going to make sure to kiss Cas as much as he can.
Dean chuckles. It is true. He loves it when Cas takes off his clothes. And he is aware that Cas also loves it when Dean is the one taking off his clothes.
“You know I don’t mind watching you paint, in fact, I love it.”
Castiel lifted his head and kissed Dean’s cheek. “No, you aren’t. You are such an amazing influence,” he said, and Dean looked at his eyes and blushed. “I mean it,” he added, wanting to make sure that Dean saw that he was being honest.
Dean rolls his eyes and smiles as he stands up. “You don’t have to thank me anything, Cas. You do the same for me.” He hugs him and kisses him. “Go back to bed. I’m gonna make some hot cocoa and bring it to the bedroom.”
by Green Day (unreleased song)
Dean’s morning routine is the same every day, with the exception of Sunday, because Sunday is his free day. He works from Monday to Saturday at his bookstore,
“I don’t think I’m gonna be able to walk straight for a week,” Dean says with a big smirk.
“You are welcome,” Dean says. His shy smile is really pretty. “Feeling better?”
Castiel glares him. “I didn’t want to add any more distress to you! We still had to deal with Michael! The last thing you needed was another problem to worry about!”
Dean lets out a shaky breath. “Mo— Mary, she’s been working with the brits behind our backs.”
“Hello Dean.” Castiel greets with a warm smile.
“Ghoul-pire sounds better and easier to remember.”
As he approaches the place, Dean spots Cas’ figure in the distance. He sees him turn around the moment he hears the purr of the Impala’s engine, and he smiles at Dean.
“Now you know what I feel when you praise me,” he jokes.
Dean comes with a broken moan and closes his eyes. Air feels as it is was made or fire and it burns him when it gets into his lungs. He keeps his eyes closed, panting heavily for a while. When he opens his eyes, he is completely alone. There’s no trace left of that Castiel his mind decided to make. Dean inhales needy, as if he couldn’t breathe for years. His hands are trembling and his eyes feel as they had sand on them.
“Dean—” Cas starts to say.
“I was thinking about going to Minnesota while you and Cas go to Oklahoma,” Sam answers as he serves himself some pancakes. “Donna’s good with vampires, but she’ll need some back-up. Apparently, Jody and the girls are busy with something in Sioux Falls, so that’s why she called.” He looks at Dean, and he notices that he is frowning. “Something’s wrong?”
Dean sighed and made a soft smile. “Then, I’ll wait for you, Cas. Once you come back and your parents are out of town, come here and you’ll find me.”
“Hey, do you want to have some of those wonderful brownies they made at Tommy Mel’s?” Charlie asks a bit shyly as Dean starts the car. “I’m paying.”
“Cas, you are such a terrible liar.” Dean smiles. Castiel flushes in frustration and he clenches his jaw. He clearly doesn’t like that Dean found out where he hid his presents. “Don’t worry, I won’t look. And you don’t have to find a new hiding place.”
Time to say goodbye came and neither of them liked it. They could see the pain and the sadness painted in each other’s faces. They always had to leave by this hour, but they walked back home with a smile, but at that moment, it was impossible to smile. They knew they would see each other, but seven months was a long time to wait.
Dean needs to move on, like Castiel did. Sometimes it is going to be difficult, it has never been easy for any of them, but after all, they managed to live fifteen years without each other and with a broken heart. And Dean has always been good at pretending. He will suppress his feelings; not only for himself, but also for Cas.
“Yes, I did. But I— I just didn’t prove it. But I cared. It hurt me when you walked away. Just come back, please. Come back home with me, Cas.”
Dean rolls his eyes but chuckles. “Well, it was about damn time, don’t you think?”
Dean comes back to the ICU a couple of hours before sunrise. He finds Cas in the same place and condition he was when Dean left.
“Don't worry about me,” Cas quickly says, avoiding the topic. “What are you doing for Sam?”
“Yes.”
“I guess I should just give it time, am I right?”
When Dean opens his eyes, in a slow and tiring way, he recognizes the man who is shaking him. “Sammy?” Dean asks with a sleepy drunk voice. “What’cha doing ‘ere?”
“You should be more careful,” Dean murmurs, and he looks at Cas, who is blushing and looking away. Without thinking it twice, he brings Cas’ left hand and kisses his knuckles. Then, he does the same with his right hand, making Cas’ blush deep. Even his eyes soften. “Blush really suits you.”
“Yeah, you’re right,” Dean sighs.
“I had to,” Cas insists, his words carrying so much pain.
“I hate you so fucking much, Dean,” he muttered, frustrated.
“Yes, you can,” Dean says with an obvious stare. Castiel arches a brow. “Maybe you can’t dance to them like with a waltz or any of those other fucking dances, but you can dance to them.”
Dean cups Castiel’s face and kisses him needy and passionately, pressing their bodies closer, until all the air is removed and it is just skin against skin, until they can feel each other’s heartbeats. Cas’ hands trace down Dean’s sides, never stopping his steady thrusts. When they pull away to breathe and moan, Dean is left speechless by the way Cas is looking at him; as if he was the only thing in the whole universe, as if he was the worthiest person in the world. And Dean has to close his eyes, because it is too much.
“The one that says, ‘I don’t understand your passion about this car’,” he says, imitating Castiel’s voice, and Castiel’s frown only intensifies.
“Who knows?” Castiel asks. He sighs and approaches Dean, placing his hand on Dean’s shoulder, warmth spreading under that touch, even if there are a couple of clothes in between, but Dean feels good with that small touch. “Are you sure you will be okay?” His voice is all worried and even it breaks a little.
“No. It would get things worse,” he answers as he exhales sharply, looking at her with an obvious face. “He doesn’t love me. Not anymore. And I can’t make him love me again. He deserves better. He deserves someone who doesn’t break his wonderful heart.”
Castiel kisses him and goes back to the office to save his work. Then, he comes out of the office and remains on the desk while Dean helps another customer to find a book. This is their usual routine; the two of them work at the bookstore, along with Charlie and Kevin, although Castiel tends to remain in the office when he feels inspired to write, and Dean doesn’t interrupt him, unless it’s closing time. Both of them enjoy being at the bookstore, doing what they always do.
He turned around and found a man, and before he could get stabbed, Dean began to fight. He didn’t know who that man was, or why he was there, but he was holding a long knife and Dean knew that man wanted to stab him.
“’Cause you know, I’m— I’m just a fucked up hunter, Cas,” Dean says, biting his lower lip. He has started to accept himself a little bit more since Cas confessed his love, but Dean still needs to work on his self-loathing.
“I used to drink and drink until I fell asleep or I went on a hunt and killed some son of bitches. Sometimes I hooked up with strangers that I would quickly forget their name. Now all I have to do is be with you.”
“Where did you learn to give massages?” Dean asks, resting his cheek on the pillow to look at Cas.
For a moment, Dean sees the Cas he knows, but then the insane façade is back up as Cas says, “Do we need a cat? Doesn't this place feel one species short?”
“That would be perfect.”
Castiel rested his chin on Dean’s shoulder and looked at his friend’s drawing. “Maybe you need to paint some lines that show the movement of the water,” he said with a concerned look.
That’s how Dean spends his Sunday. He doesn’t have anything else to do. He could read or play his guitar, but he is not in the mood for it. Sundays tend to be so lazy for him.
There are too many corpses possessed by the souls of Hell, so eventually, Dean, Cas and Sam have to run away and seek shelter in a close mausoleum. They end up being trapped in there, because they don’t have a plan to escape and get to safety. However, a demon named Belphegor possesses Jack’s corpse and helps them to get out, and later, he also helps them to make a spell that keeps the ghosts locked in a certain area.
“I enjoy looking at you too.”
“Cas.” Dean starts to say.
“He saved me,” Dean starts to explain after a moment. He hates how his voice comes out emotionless, as if losing Cas didn’t mean anything. But if he shows any emotion, he knows he will shatter even more. “Billie was coming after us, and Cas summoned the Empty. It took her. And it took him.” At that his voice breaks, because he can clearly see the black goo covering Cas and taking him away from Dean. He can still feel the horror in his skin as he remembers it. “Cas is gone.”
Dean spends his whole workday with the feeling that Cas might appear the next time the bell rings and he hates it. But he can’t stop hoping it and looking at the door.
They walk towards the couch, both of them holding the burning bowls. They walk really fast so they can leave them on the coffee table. Before Dean reaches the remote to start
“If I were you I would hurry with those sandwiches if you want to have some of these.”
“No, but—” He sighed and pulled away from Dean, grabbing the paper where he was drawing. “But look at this, Dean. It looks almost real. You have reached perfection.”
“What the fuck?” Dean asks, looking at the glasses on the floor and then at the intact windows.
“We need to go to the morgue,” Castiel supplies.
Dean picks up the phone and says. “Hey Cas.”
“Dude,” Sam says, chuckling. “You got Cas and Charlie to buy Christmas decorations. Both love Christmas decorations. They must be buying the whole store.”
“Yeah. I just realized it’s a waste of time to pine about someone who isn’t gonna come back. Finally, I’m feeling better.” He smiles, and it comes naturally, not forced at all. He thought he was never going to reach this point.
“Oh Dean, you couldn’t be blinder.”
For lunch, they have some hot dogs and they eat them while they sit on a bench in Rockefeller Center. They still have some places to see, but they need a small break from walking for too long. When Dean finishes his hot dog, he rests his cheek on Cas’ shoulder and he sighs. His lover leans down and kisses his temple and brings his hand to caress his shoulder.
“Really?” Dean asks teasingly as he kisses Cas’ cheeks. “I’m quite irresistible.”
“Goodnight Dean.” The words are whispered softly and sweetly, and it feels as if they could embrace Dean warmly.
They fall asleep easily.
“Yeah, thanks.” Dean says. He would rather not sleep on his jeans. He keeps taking off his jeans, his jacket and his shirt, wearing only his underwear and t-shirt. Cas hands him the sweatpants and Dean puts them on. He leaves his mobile phone of the bedside table while Cas gets in the bed. “Are you sure that you—?” Dean starts to ask.
Sam is snoring on the front seat by the time they park the Impala in the bunker’s garage. Dean has to shake him several times until his little brother opens his eyes and realizes they are home.
“I know,” he says nodding. He forces a sympathetic smile. “That’s why I’m doing this. I want to feel better. And I think that in a few years, I’ll be good again.” Now his smile comes without any effort at all.
“Tired.” He pinches the bridge of his nose and takes a deep breath. “They don’t tell us anything and all I see is that he’s getting worse.” He bounces to his other leg in a nervous way and then, he gets closer to Castiel. “Hey, Cas, I— I was wondering if you would mind if I didn’t go to your apartment tomorrow and on Saturday, I’m not in the best condition to—”
“Does any of that work?”
Castiel rolls his eyes but he smiles. He inhales a bit sharply and he combs Dean’s hair, watching the movement of his hand. “There’s no one like you.” His eyes go back to Dean, who doesn’t know why Cas is saying that.
“Cas—”
“Of course.” The coffee machine dings and Castiel grabs two mugs and pours coffee in them, adding some brown sugar to it. “Here,” he says handing Dean his with the R2D2 pattern.
Dean grunts. His brother is right, but they taste so good that it is hard to stop. “Just one more.”
“I’ve never eaten anything from a food truck before,” Castiel confesses.
They remain in silence for a while, finishing their glasses. Eventually, Castiel stands up.
Dean makes an agreement pout. “Yeah, but I prefer the smell of morning sex with my husband.”
Once they are in the Impala, Castiel asks, “Now what?”
“Old habits die hard.”
Rowena nods. “Back when you asked for my assistance to locate Castiel. When you went after him, and Samuel and I were alone, he asked me. In exchange, I asked him not to tell anybody else and to also tell me what Billie gave to each of you.”
Castiel licks Dean’s fingers, putting a lot of enthusiasm on them. Dean’s cock twitches with that, because Cas is staring directly as his eyes as he licks Dean’s fingers. Dean is sure that right now he has forgotten how to breathe, he isn’t sure that his heart is beating anymore. The way Castiel is looking at him, all desire, want, need and lust, and how he is licking Dean’s fingers, leaves Dean speechless.
Sam arrives, telling Dean to stop, but Dean still points his gun to Jack.
“Donna,” Sam intervenes. “You really don’t want to have that argument with him.”
Dean nods. “I might even copy it and improve it once I’m able to cook again.”
Dean smirks. “Thanks, Cas.” Suddenly, Dean feels Castiel’s fingers wrapping around his cock, his thumb caressing the head and spreading the precome, making Dean groan and moan. “Fuck, Cas.” He bites his bottom lip and rolls his hips, almost chastely, fucking into Cas’ fist and he chuckles. “You’re a giver.”
Dean turns around to face Cas. “This mess, all the messes. It turns out that we're just hamsters running in a wheel our whole lives. What do we have to show for it, huh?” He glares at Cas and he approaches him. “Tell me you don't feel conned. God's been lying to you, Cas, forever. You bought into the biggest scam in history.”
“I love you,” Castiel said.
Dean looks at the clock again. It is 8:12 already and Cas isn’t here. Maybe he is still changing his clothes from the set. Or maybe he isn’t coming to see him. Dean sighs and rubs his hands on his jeans. He is nervous and his sweaty palms are proof of it.
Castiel exhales in a huffy way. “What a dick.”
“If you don’t tell Jessica, I will lock you two somewhere and you aren’t getting out until you are dating.” Kevin says with a threatening voice. He sounds really serious.
“Hello,” Sam and Castiel say at the same time.
“About all the sex we are gonna have on Friday.” Dean answers with a grin. The sounds of ‘ughs’ follow Dean’s words.
“Okay,” Dean says while he and Cas press their foreheads. “Okay. It’s just it’s hard to believe that good things can happen.”
“They will be worse,” Dean answers, huffing.
Cas looks at him and smiles. “I appreciate the offer, Dean, but you and Sam have already enough to deal with, and after what you went through in that prison… I want to take some weight from your shoulders.”
Castiel blushes a little bit and he looks back at his papers. Dean can see a shy smile popping up on those pretty and tempting pink lips. “I’m not awesome.”
Castiel nods. “But I didn’t know at that time that I was in love with you,” he explains. His fingers are now doing doodles on Dean’s chest along with his words. “Your soul was beautiful and so bright. Even if it was tearing apart in hell, it was beautiful and stunning, so full of life and fighting against the darkness that wanted to take over it.” His voice is full of emotion and Dean listens carefully as he watches Cas’ face. “And when I put it back together, it was even more beautiful, brighter and I just—” He smiles against Dean’s skin. “I don’t know when I exactly acknowledged that what I was feeling for you was love, it just happened someday. You were so different from any other human, from any other soul that you got under my skin easily and without noticing it.” He kisses Dean’s collarbone after his words.
“I was thinking that you guys weren’t gonna come at all,” Sam says when he sees Dean and Cas walking into the library. “How do you feel, Cas?”
Dean gets his arms around Cas’ neck and keeps riding him, his movements as perfect as before, driving each other insane. Castiel likes this position because it allows him to kiss Dean. He keeps holding Dean tightly, helping with his hands to move Dean’s hips and kissing him at every chance he gets.
He took a quick bath, warming his cold skin, dying the water with Dean’s dried blood on his skin. There was too much blood on him. Dean had lost too much of blood. He splashed his face with water, as if everything that happened was just a nightmare he could wake up with that silly action. But everything was so real.
He even had to convince Sam that he called to work to tell them he wasn’t feeling good and they gave him the days off. Sam bought it and he didn’t question it. Dean isn’t sure what he is going to do next week. He doesn’t want to keep being a whore. Not after this.
Dean immediately hugs Cas back. He lets out a relieved sigh and closes his eyes, feeling at home for the first time since he arrived to the bunker. Because Dean’s true home is Cas.
Dean hasn’t told Sam anything about what happened between he and Cas. He doesn’t know how to talk about that. All Sam knows is that he and Cas talked and that things didn’t go as bad as usual in between the two of them.
“I didn’t want to bother you.”
Castiel blushed and smiled. “You look beautiful, too, Dean.”
Castiel blushed more than in his whole life. Dean thought he was beautiful. His heart made one of those wild things it always made when Dean complimented him. He looked away, embarrassed, but he could see that Dean meant his words and that his friend was slightly blushed. “I don’t know,” Castiel managed to mumble. “I have never—”
“I’m going to keep saying ‘assbutt’ and you know it.”
“Don’t talk about politics tonight, okay? Give your head a rest. I’m worried about you.”
But Cas pushes up Dean’s sleeve and sees the Mark. He looks shocked, angry and devastated as he looks back at Dean, who is unable to say anything.
“What matters is that you are here, Cas. I need you, I’ll always need you. Angel or human, or whatever the hell you want to be.” At that Castiel rolls his eyes and chuckles and Dean smiles.
“We’ll have breakfast in a while,” Dean says tossing away the wipe. He looks at the clock on his bedside table and sees that it isn’t nine o’clock yet.
Castiel can’t help laughing softly at that. “Don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone, I promise.”
Dean looks at him with curious eyes and Castiel looks at him with his most confused frown. “What?”
“Yeah. The sooner I leave, the sooner I’ll get to him.”
“I missed you, too, Cas.” He caresses Castiel’s cheeks and prompts him to move up so they can share a sweet kiss.
He walks back to his pick-up and then he drives to his motel room. By the time he arrives, it’s already raining hard, but Castiel doesn’t drench at all.
“Dean?” Sam asks with a trembling voice. Dean doesn’t take his eyes off his phone. “Dean, are you okay?”
“Before anything,” Castiel starts to say pulling away a little. “I have another gift for you.”
“Did something happen in between you two?” Sam asks as he pours some tea in Castiel’s mug and then on his.
Castiel grunts. “Thanks for letting me none,” he sasses, glaring the two of them.
Benny rolls his eyes. “You’re a pain in the ass.”
“I would rather stay here,” Cas answers.
“Dean— Dean— So good— so— oh—!” Castiel moans. He moans again when Dean’s tongue reaches the skin behind his balls and Dean is more than glad to hear those noises. “Dean, let me take care of you.” Castiel gasps and pulling Dean away. Cas strokes his cheeks and then, he makes Dean to stand up. He pushes Dean down on the mattress and he leans over to kiss Dean in a spirited way. Dean isn’t sure how he is still breathing by the time Cas pulls away. “I’m going to open you up and then I’m going to fuck you. But you won’t be able to come until I tell you to, okay?”
“I can’t. I’m a hunter. I was wired to sleep for just a couple of hours since I was a kid. Can’t undo that.”
Dean laughed. “Of fucking course,” he said and before Castiel could move, Dean was cupping his face and kissing him tenderly.
“I prefer the term assbutt.”
Dean chuckles. “Yeah, but my sense of humor’s better than Sammy’s. That’s why you fell in love with me.”
“Yeah,” he answers. Castiel starts to chuckle. “What’s so funny?”
“If there’s one thing I hate more than running, it’s getting sick,” he sasses, and Castiel chuckles. “C’mon, Cas!” he exclaims as they being to run.
He soon reached Dean’s house and tied his horse to the willow. As he walked towards the backdoor, he grabbed the key Dean gave him and opened the door, finding Dean sitting on a stool, reading. His eyes immediately lifted from the page to look at Castiel with a surprised and delighted look. It felt like coming home.
Then, Cas turns to Dean.
Their lips meet again in a hot and messy kiss. They keep fucking into their joined hands, rolling their hips with a steady and quick pace.
Dean chuckled, amused. “I would take that as a ‘don’t you fucking dare to stop’.”
It isn’t a lie, but it is an excuse to get away, because he doesn’t want Cas or Sam to see how affected he is by Cas’ upcoming departure. Cas has been in the bunker with them for over a month, longer than he has ever been, and Dean has loved every moment of it. He loves waking up and seeing Cas in the kitchen, waiting for him, with coffee freshly made for both Sam and Dean. He loves spending time with him, doing things that normal people get to do. He loves going to bed and knowing that Cas is under the same roof as he is and that he isn’t going anywhere. And he loves coming back from a hunt and finding Cas home.
Dean laughs. “You forgot where we are, huh?” he asks, running his hands down Castiel’s arms.
“Don’t worry. He will do fine. And if you ever get the need to see him, we can go to California.”
Dean chuckled and set aside, letting her come in. “How are you? Sam told me you got arrested again.”
“You haven’t recovered yet. Not completely.”
Castiel leans on the back of the front seat and gives them confused looks. “What are you talking about?”
Dean can’t help grinning. He slides his hands down Castiel’s arms, until he reaches his hands, lacing their fingers. “Cas, I— I never thought I was gonna get this, and seeing that we’re growing old together, makes me really happy, because I’m not getting old alone.” He rests his forehead against Castiel’s. “I never thought I would get old, and much less that I would get old with someone.”
That was the best thing about having to pretend constantly; nobody knew when he was wearing a mask and when he wasn’t.
“And you don’t mind doing this again?”
Dean smirks. “Yeah, but I like having a lame excuse to kiss you even more.”
“And what word would you use for me taking things too literally?” He is really curious about it.
“I think you added too much cheese,” Dean comments, laughing.
When he is leaving the cafeteria, his mobile rings. The name on the screen says Dean. Castiel frowns confused. He hopes that Dean is all right, that his father didn’t show up and hurt Dean again. When Castiel saw Dean like that, bleeding, he was terrified. He doesn’t want anything bad to happen to Dean. He knows he had a bad life, and being a prostitute isn’t the best, but Dean is a great guy who shouldn’t suffer ever again.
He has had bad days, and he has drunk a few glasses of whiskey in his harder nights, but nothing too dangerous. Dean still has the memories of his alcoholic dad and he doesn’t want to become what that old man became. But now, whenever he feels that pain in his chest coming back, he reads or plays his guitar. It helps and it eases the pain. It’s healthier than a glass of whiskey.
Dean finds it amusing how great Charlie and Cas seem to get on. It isn’t such a big surprise; Cas is one of the most wonderful and greatest people that Dean has ever known, and Charlie is great and bright. Dean can’t help looking at how both of them keep talking about his food, sharing their enthusiasm together and it fills Dean with a heartwarming sensation.
He knows that Cas is getting better in Heaven, but Dean wishes he could talk to him or know how he is doing. But he can’t.
Night has reached Berkeley and as every Friday night, the streets are filled with people, enjoying the night in their own way. Also, there is a lot of traffic; if it was any other day of the week, it wouldn’t be like this; there would be traffic, but not as much as now.
It’s like Cas gives him something to wait for. Dean has the feeling that he is somehow stuck in his life. He likes his life, he has a job he adores and a wonderful family and wonderful friends, but he has that feeling that there’s something missing to complete the puzzle of his life. Everyone he knows is achieving things one way or another, it feels as if everyone was advancing with their lives but Dean couldn’t. But after all, Dean has never fit in this world, not completely. Maybe seeing Cas gives him a sense of moving.
He hears Cas chuckling, who is now taking his shirt off and hanging it on a hanger as well. Dean now can see some of those beautiful inked feathers that almost brush Cas’ elbows. The sleeves and the t-shirt cover the rest of the magnificent tattoo, but still, Dean gets to see a piece of it. He really likes that tattoo. He liked since when Cas walked out of the tattoo studio with it.
Suddenly, Dean hears a voice he knows too well. He turns around and he sees Castiel on the TV. Castiel looks beautiful. He forgot how beautiful he was, even if he has seen him in a couple of photos on his Instagram account. But seeing him moving and talking, wearing a blue blazer and a faded black t-shirt, and seeing his too blue eyes, it leaves Dean gasping for air.
“Of course I did,” she said, smirking. “You should have seen the scandalized looks of the police.” She and Dean laughed. “But then they had to handcuff me and bring me to the tribunal. But thanks to Sam, I got out. Like always.”
“Should we give him five courtesy minutes?” Dean asks when Sam has disappeared down the hall. He gets his hand on Castiel’s thigh, landing it really close to Castiel’s crotch.
“We have known each other for over a decade, Dean,” he says with a soft voice. “And we have been through much together.” He leans and kisses Dean’s temple, making Dean smile. “Although I have to admit that since I fell and became human, I have gotten to know you better.”
“It burns,” Sam complains before Castiel pulls away. “Thanks, Cas.”
Castiel goes back to the position they were before and he leans his head of Dean’s shoulder, and Dean quickly gets his arm back around Cas. “You are still going to worry, aren’t you?”
Dean turns his face to look at Cas, not caring about the road at all. “Now what is that supposed to mean?” he asks bitterly.
“I think your terrible sense of humor was the last thing I fell in love with.”
“Sam and I were trying to cure you,” Cas says, firmly. “We still are!”
As Castiel cleans them both, Dean looks at him, caressing Castiel’s hip. His hand moves up, reaching the place where Castiel’s heart is, and he spreads his palm, feeling his heartbeat. Castiel bring his hand to Dean’s hand.
They kiss fiercely. Castiel’s tongue pushes inside Dean’s mouth, exploring it. Dean feels how one of Castiel’s hands starts to move towards his hole. His index finger circles it. Dean gasps, pulling away from Cas’ mouth. He looks at Castiel’s eyes, all filled with lust. The finger keeps circling his hole. Castiel presses his finger against Dean’s hole, but it doesn’t get in.
“Anyone who appreciates Vonnegut is worth of my time.” Dean makes a pout and shrugs. Castiel gives him a squinty look, but he smiles. “See? Told you I could be a dick.” He takes a deep breath and makes a guilty face.
Castiel sighed and rubbed his eyes. “I wouldn’t be surprised if she came back sooner than she told us. It wouldn’t be the first time she does it.” He didn’t want to deal with Meg again. He didn’t like her or having her around, but now he was also forced to watch out what he did and said. He looked at Dean, who had a concentrated and thoughtful grimace. “What are you thinking?”
Dean nods. “Yeah, we did it a lot during that week.” He can’t help grinning at the memory of he and Cas in the California house, making love every night, kissing every chance they got. “We also did it four times one night.”
“Perhaps,” Castiel concedes, making some sort of hum.
“I don’t need more space,” he says careless. “This place seems too big for just one living.”
Castiel leans over Dean, without stopping for a moment those wonderful thrusts that have Dean rocking and trembling and clenching. He presses a few kisses on Dean’s nape. His mouth presses on Dean’s ear, hot breathing caressing the delicate skin every time he moans Dean’s name.
“Fuck you, Cas.” He rolls onto his back and kicks Cas’ shin.
“M&M’s,” Castiel reads. “We should get two bags.”
“It’s not like that. I like him, but I’m glad about what we have.” Dean lies. He tries to sound casually. Charlie gasps in frustration. “And I don’t think he would like me to be more than that. It’s complicated.” He finally says.
Castiel dedicated her his deadliest glare and he saw her eyes flinching a little. He didn’t get hard with just another cock, he only got hard with Dean. But he couldn’t tell her that. “I’m one of those men that only get hard when he is interested. And in case you didn’t notice, I’m not interested in you.”
Dean walks away as fast as he can, going to his bedroom and to the bathroom to get all the supplies he needs. He is soon back to the bedroom where Cas is. His heart skips a beat when he sees Cas topless. He tries really hard not to let his eyes roam through all the beautiful tanned skin and the strong muscles of Cas, because Cas is wounded and he needs Dean’s help. So Dean grabs a chair and carries it with him until he is sitting next to Cas.
“Yeah. But it is blurry.” He rubs his face and he pinches the bridge of his nose. “Sorry for freaking the shit out of you, Sammy.” He takes a deep breath and looks at the worried eyes of his little brother. “I turned off the mobile phone and I didn’t want to pick up the phone.”
Suddenly the bunker starts to rumble, and both Dean and Cas look up.
Kevin turns the sign to the ‘closed’ side before he leaves and Dean walks towards the office to grab his leather coat, followed by Cas, who waits for him on the doorstep.
He cups Dean’s face, locking their eyes together and he presses quick little kisses on Dean’s lips. “I think I can make an exception if it means showering with you.”
“Damn it,” Castiel mutters as he pulls away from his lover’s mouth.
“Dean— oh fuck—”
“Even yours,” he answers, this time he looks at Dean’s eyes. “And it is well hidden, just in case you decide to take a look.”
Dean laughed and they walked towards the kitchen. Dean went towards the sink while Castiel stood up, with the small of his back pressed against the counter, watching how Dean washed the brushes, dying the water with the many different colors he had used. As he washed them, he hummed a song that Castiel couldn’t recognize.
Castiel nods and opens the notebook. Before he starts reading out loud, he holds the pen on his right hand.
He is about to turn around but Dean grabs his wrist, stopping him.
Castiel blushes and squeezes his mouth. “You are such an assbutt.”
Dean chuckled and rubbed the back of his neck. “Why do you like my freckles so much?”
When he closes his bedroom door, he puts all the presents on the bed. It is quite late, but there is no rush to wake up early in the morning, so he decides to place every gift where it belongs. He puts the t-shirts in his wardrobe, the vinyl records where his other ones are, the DVDs on that bookcase where there are already some, and he does the same with the book. The tools of his Impala will go to the garage, but Dean leaves them in a corner of his bedroom for now.
Castiel looks at him with a bright smile. “You won’t. I think that hearing you playing the guitar will actually help me.”
“You have been telling yourself and everyone that for almost sixteen years,” he starts to say. He rests his elbows on the kitchen table, propping on them to lean closer and intensify the honesty of his words. “Even you told me once that you hated him,” he adds. The more he talks, the more Castiel knows that he doesn’t like where this conversation is going. “But you never burnt the letter he gave you. You never trashed away the pencils he gave you for Christmas. You never destroyed the photo with you two smiling like idiots. And you even got a tattoo with the pet name he gave you.”
Dean smiles at the cuteness of it. “Let’s call it a night, alright? We’ll deal with all this shit tomorrow.”
“The relics are really powerful,” Eileen adds. “Their magic allows the witch’s spells to last even when the witch has died.”
“Yeah,” Dean says with a feeble voice. “But it could be worse.”
“No. I still need to catch my breath too,” he says, smiling.
Nightmares with the Mark of Cain are always terrible. But the nightmares with the things he did in Hell are much worse.
Castiel rolls his eyes but he smiles. “You are an assbutt.”
But Dean doesn’t say any of that. Sam approaches them, looking at both of them confused. He must know that something is going on between the two of them.
“Usually they write me to let me know they’re coming,” Dean answered as they walked towards the back of the house. If they sat on the porch of the backyard garden, they would be safe. “I don’t expect anyone to come.” They reached the kitchen and Castiel smiled. Dean looked at him, confused. “Why are you smiling?”
“That’s the worst. Not knowing what it is going to happen,” he begins to say. Dean wonders how Cas’ voice can be this heartwarming. It’s amazing. “But frustration isn’t going to help any of you. I know it’s hard, but you have to be patient, Dean. Exasperation is going to burn you down.”
Both of them laughed.
“Are you nervous about the hunt?” Dean asks, worried, but also hoping that they can get some honest talk.
Dean laughs.
Castiel sighed. “Yes, but it will be really suspicious if I die under strange circumstances. The King isn’t stupid and he is aware of Lucifer’s thirst for power, so if I die under strange circumstances, he will suspect, and he will condemn Lucifer and he would be forced to find the next heir. Lucifer needs the actual King gone so I can become King and then I can be murdered, because then, nobody would be able to condemn him and take away his privilege of being the next heir.”
“How long do you think is gonna take us to upload the remaining files?” Dean asks as he irons one of their many plaid shirts. Cas and Eileen wear their own flannels too, although Dean and Cas share theirs. Still, the four of them have an impressive collection of flannel.
“You are a dick,” Dean says, as if with that, he could stop thinking all he was thinking and make his feelings take a rest, but he can’t.
He closes his eyes and he starts to fuck himself with the dildo while his other hand keeps jerking him off.
“Well, my time with April was very educational.”
“Heavy enough to stop Lucifer?” Dean asks.
He keeps staring, unable to form any coherent thought. He needs to get out of the bedroom as soon as possible, or his blood is going to start going south pretty soon.
Dean smiles too. “I hate seeing you sad or angry. You’ve got a beautiful smile.”
The morning passes quickly while Castiel draws, and by the time it is lunch time, Castiel finishes his drawing, and he and Dean look at it, smiling.
As they keep kissing, they walk towards Dean’s bedroom. The path is almost memorized by now, so they don’t stumble across anything for almost the whole path. They could make it without kissing, but neither of them wants that.
Castiel bites his lip and he makes a shy smile. “Did you like it?”
Dean notices the way her voice sounds, implying something that Dean can’t admit to her or anyone.
Dean shrugs. “I don’t know.”
Dean gives him a skeptical look as he starts cleaning Castiel’s knuckles. “I don’t wanna know what raw must look like to you then.”
“No.” He draws Dean closer and they kiss in a sweet way. When they pull away, Castiel looks at Dean as if he wanted to tell him something important, but he only smiles and kisses him again. He sighs before he speaks, “What would I do without you?” he asks with the fondest look he has. Dean doesn’t fight the happy smile that appears on his lips. Castiel kisses him again brightly. “I better keep painting your back,” he says moving away until he is behind Dean.
Dean grinned and they kept kissing. Castiel knew he had to leave soon, but he and Dean could keep kissing for a little longer.
Thank you so much for your patience and I'm sorry for the long hiatus.
Castiel mirrored that smile. “Why did you decide to draw me naked now?”
“You’re going to let me use the stove?” Castiel asks, surprised.
” He says in a sweet way. Dean’s heart seems to stop for a few seconds with those words.
Castiel is bleeding a lot and if they don’t immediately go to a hospital he is going to die from bleeding out. The wound is deep and Dean can’t sew it up by himself. “Cas, hold onto me, okay? I’m gonna take you to a hospital, alright? Just hold on, okay? Hold on, Cas.” He knows his voice doesn’t sound calm, that it comes desperate, but he tries to remain calm. If he doesn’t, he is going to fuck up and he needs to bring Cas to the hospital in one piece. He tears one sleeve of his shirt and puts it on Cas’ wound, tightly, stopping the bleeding a little. “Stay with me, Cas.”
“Of course it does,” he says with an obvious glance. Dean chuckles. “Your pies always look and taste great.”
As always, Dean’s heart aches as he watches Cas leave. It doesn’t break because he knows that Cas will come back.
When all their clothes were scattered onto the floor, Dean pushed Castiel towards the bed, and when the blue eyed man felt it behind his calves, he fell onto the mattress, with Dean on top of him, falling together a bit clumsily, guffawing at it, because for some reason both found it hilarious. Dean kissed him as his hands traced down Castiel’s tanned sides, spreading warmth on his skin with his caresses. Castiel embraced Dean’s neck, wanting him even closer, moaning into the kiss as Dean swirled his tongue with his.
“What thing? Dean, we’re kind of in a rush here.”
“You’re gonna be late. Get out so I don’t have more fries robbed,” he jokes
“You know what? You are going to lick your come off my face.” He says pretending to be pissed off and putting a pout.
The exercise helps both Winchester brothers to warm their bodies, but it is a really cold night, and every breath they take makes Dean feel as if he was breathing ice, and his bones suffer against the cold temperatures. He should have put on another layer of flannel.
“And I will. When I don’t wake up and find you burning stuff.”
Castiel grunts and keeps his eyes on his shirt. “People knock on doors before they come inside. It’s called politeness.”
“As if that was gonna avoid it.” He huffs a laugh. “You are gonna spend the night at Jessica’s?”
“Bed was cold without you.” His thumb moves soothingly on Dean’s freckled cheek. They’ve been together for several months and Dean still is surprised by how such simple things can make him feel better. “I know you don’t want to take more painkillers because you don’t want to depend on them, but,” he sighs and cups Dean’s face so their eyes can meet. “Why don’t you only take them when you are going to sleep?”
Eventually, Castiel moves slightly. His free hand cups Dean’s face and he kisses Dean, sweetly and happily. When he pulls away, they look at each other, both happy and sated.
This is Castiel’s home, too. At least it feels like that to Dean. It hurts him to know that Cas doesn’t see the bunker as his home.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said with another big grin of his own. He stood up and walked towards Cas, who frowned. “I have to show you something,” Dean added with a big grin, knowing that Cas was confused. “It’s a surprise. Follow me.”
Dean wants to ask about it, but that question goes to the endless list of things Dean wants to say to but never finds the courage to.
And they have learnt to remove their masks and see each other truly. Dean wasn’t the only one who kept a mask on; Cas did to. He always looked stoic. Although over the past seven years, Cas had been showing more and more emotion, yet he still kept his love for Dean under a mask, afraid that if he allowed Dean to glimpse that, it would hurt him. Dean was doing the same. Cas had been able to see behind Dean’s mask, but he had never been able to see that Dean’s love was there.
Castiel keeps looking at the watercolors with a wide grin on his face. Dean is so glad to know that he loves them and that he kept the pencils he got him from Christmas a long time ago. “You do know that I stole those pencils, right?” Dean asks with a dork smile.
“How did you guys find me so quickly?” Sam asks as he stands up. “I wasn’t carrying my phone.”
“What happened?” Sam asks extremely worried.
Dean knows he should try to remain awake until Cas falls asleep so he can escape the dream, but in Cas’ arms, slumber finds Dean easily, and Dean falls asleep almost at the same time as Cas.
But Dean has had a few things figured out already.
Both of them get out and sit on the hood, admiring the starry night and the moon that it is already starting to look red. They are sitting next to each other, their shoulders pressing together, and both of them have their heads tilted up to contemplate the beauty of the night.
) for being my beta.
Dean nods and he places his hands on Castiel’s shoulders. Slowly, he pushes Cas’ cock inside himself, feeling how Cas’ cock starts to fill him with all that warmth. He fucks into that cock and he lets out a breath he didn’t know he was holding when Cas is fully settled inside of him.
There’s a comfortable silence in between them after that. Dean stretches out his right arm and his fingers start caressing Cas’ nape, brushing his dark hair. The ex-angel smiles and gives him a cute and playful smile. Dean smirks widely. Cas’ smile turns into a grin and he approaches Dean, pressing their sides together and resting his head on his shoulder. Dean smiles contently and places his hand on Cas’ bicep.
“So you think that someone is killing people as revenge for something those people did?” Sam asks with a frown. Castiel shrugs. “Don’t you think it’s a bit dramatic to invoke daevas for that?”
Dean is once again distracted from his thoughts when Cas touches his face. His touch is sure and gentle, and Dean loves it so much. He is smiling again, a sight Dean is never going to get tired of.
“We know it isn’t a werewolf because it wasn’t full moon when he died, but his heart was missing.” Sam makes a thoughtful face and sighs. “We should better check out dad’s journal to find what other beings eat hearts.”
Castiel frowns, clearly confused.
“Anything that doesn’t take you too long,” Castiel answers as he places the bags on the table.
“Jerk,” Sam said, glaring him.
It doesn’t matter if Dean has been hunting for almost his whole life, every time he is about to hunt something, the speed of his heart increases, feeling how his blood runs faster, segregating adrenaline, feeling how his senses sharpen. And he knows that the same happens to Sam and Cas.
He lets Dean’s hand go and he turns around to look at the closet. Dean stands beside him and slips a hand around the small of his back, drawing him closer and pressing a kiss on his shoulder. “What are you thinking about?” His thumb moves in a soothing and fond way.
Castiel cups his face and their eyes meet. “There is nothing wrong with liking both men and women, Dean.”
Castiel nods. “And because it is a reminder of you. Of the happiness I felt once and I’m never going to feel again.” Again, Dean’s heart breaks. He isn’t sure how he is still standing. His legs are starting to tremble and he is about to fall apart. “It is a reminder of the pain that can be felt when you love someone. And I don’t want any more pain, Dean. I’m tired of pretending that everything is okay in between us. I’m tired of thinking how wonderful our lives would have been if you just stayed, or in this case, if you just told me the truth.”
Castiel nods. “I understand.” He looks at Dean’s forearm too, and then he says, “I wish I still had my grace. Then I could stop you from having nightmares like I used to.”
He looks at Cas, and Dean doesn’t hide any of the emotions in his eyes.
“Looted by invading Mongol hordes for trade on the—”
Castiel made a sad smile. “What about you? How did you become an artist?”
“I like everything that involves being with you, Dean.”
“I think Cas and I have already taken than decision.” They decided to be friends and it is working. Dean might have feelings, but they aren’t returned and Cas doesn’t know about them, so they don’t matter to their friendship. Everything is better than Dean expected and things should stay like this. Both are happy. It doesn’t matter what Dean truly wants.
“Might have been Lucifer,” Dean says, turning around to slightly look at Cas. “Nick was trying to bring him back.”
“Why is the djinn killing in pairs?” Castiel wonders, looking at Dean. “That’s quite unusual. They usually feed on one person until they have drained them completely before feeding from another person.”
“What?” Dean asks, not knowing why Cas is smiling like that. He is still learning some of his expressions, as well as Cas is learning his. There are so many gestures that they still don’t know about each other, things that they only do when they are alone. It is an amazing learning process.
“You guys are the fucking worst.”
The bell rang and everyone sat on their school desks; as Castiel predicted, nobody sat on the empty one next to his. There were some other free spots left, but every year, wherever Castiel sat, the desk next to his was always empty. Since he started high school, it had always been like that.
His little brother chuckles.
Castiel laughs. “Do you think so? Trust me; I’m pretty good at lying.”
“Ugh, dude.” Sam says disgusted. “I didn’t need to know that.”
Dean glares him. “Yeah, you did with your tone and your eyes.”
Future Cas places himself in front of Dean. He lowers himself until he can kiss Dean on the lips. He does it softly and gently, and Dean ends up making several tiny moans. When he pulls away, his thumbs caress Dean’s cheekbones and then he stands up.
Dean smiles and then they leave the bedroom. They walk down the stairs and they stop close to the entrance. They kneel onto the marble floor as they get the relics from the duffel bag as well as all the items they need for their destruction.
stops playing, and the next song that comes is
He added some songs that Dean liked and didn’t mean much, but the rest of the songs were confessions, like
“Oh, okay,” He says babbling a little. Castiel arches an eyebrow and Dean makes a nervous smile. Castiel doesn’t understand why Dean is feeling a bit awkward right now. “It is a bit weird that you are wearing my underwear, Cas.”
Everything falls apart and crashes into million pieces, bringing Dean back to the painful reality. “Can’t you stay a little bit longer?” Dean asks with a shaky and sad voice. He caresses the small of Castiel’s back, hoping it will make him stay, but deep down, he knows it won’t work.
Castiel nodded. “He says it is time to stop running away and start doing what he has to do. He says that he put me a weight I didn’t deserve and that he owes me. He also says that he counts with my advice to help him with everything, because he wants to keep helping people the way I did by changing those laws.” He took a deep breath and looked at his friends, trying to find in their faces how the news made them feel. “What do you think about this? Do you think this is the right thing to do?”
“Both of you, shut up,” Sam implores.
Castiel buried his face in the crook of Dean’s neck, clinging to him, never stopping the roll of his hips. Dean kept sliding in and out of him, aiming for his prostate over and over again, sending the two of them towards the cliff of pleasure and euphoria.
Dean just keeps staring him.
“What are you even doing here, Miss Bradbury?” Zachariah asked, muttering. As the president of the parliament, he had to be the first one to greet the new King and remain next to him as every other member of the parliament talked to him. It was another tradition. “You aren’t a member of the parliament.”
“And so I am. And I am a million times less interesting than you a—”
Castiel smiled before he pecked Dean’s lips. “I did not only come here to discuss laws with Sam, Dean.”
“You better buy three jars of these,” Dean says to his brother who laughs brightly.
Castiel doesn’t waste a single second and he gets on Dean and they keep kissing.
“Hasn’t John appeared?” He asks serious. John and Bobby were friends, but that was a long time ago, before John decided to forget about his life, his kids and only dedicate his life to a bottle of whiskey. Bobby will never forgive him that. Dean and Sam won’t either, but John is still their father and it is complicated.
Castiel chuckles. “Thank you, Dean.”
“I will search all around the bunker if I have to.” He isn’t going to, but he likes teasing Cas. He isn’t going to deny that he is really curious about knowing what Cas got him. Cas knows him pretty well, and Dean is sure that he got the perfect present, still, Dean can’t wait.
“Twenty-five.”
Dean and Cas have their hands clenching each other’s t-shirts when Dean wakes up.
Castiel pecks his lips and his thumbs caress his freckled cheeks. “You are getting emotional, husband.” His voice comes soft and full of love, but Dean can detect a note of teasing, because Cas knows Dean uses humor as a shield, and Cas always gives him that shield when he needs it.
It’s a shame. Dean only has free time during lunch time and when he finishes work at seven. He wanted to spend more time than usually with Cas, but it seems that today it’s Dean’s job the one that is going to avoid it.
It’s a good day. But it would be a million times better if Cas was there with them.
“Of course I want to go, what I don’t like it’s that the fair is in freaking Wichita.” He is still tired from the hunt. He sighs and looks at Cas’ baby blue eyes. “I’ll go, but I’m telling you we’re gonna have to wake up really early,” he says with his eyebrows arched. “I don’t wanna come back home after suppertime.”
Dean lets out a silent sigh as Cas’ fingers brush his skin.
There is a slow clapping then, and the three of them turn around and see Michael there.
“You wanted to kiss me, right?” Dean asks. Again, Castiel doesn’t answer, but his face changes his expression and so do his eyes. Cas definitely wanted to kiss him. “Do you wanna know why I didn’t want to kiss you?” Dean asks taking another step forward. They are closer than ever. If both of them breathe at the same time, their chest will touch.
He looks around the bedroom and his eyes land on the drawer where he keeps his journal. He has been wanting to write since he spread Cas’ ashes, but he never got to pick it up, because it hurt too much.
Dean blushes all the way up to the tip of his ears. Castiel looks at him, still confused by Rowena’s words.
“Where's Cas?” Jack asks.
They kiss for a while, and when they pull away, they smile at each other.
Castiel chuckles and kisses Dean in the same spot one more time. Then, he looks at the pan. “It looks and smells great.”
Dean slapped his chest, playfully. “Don’t sass me.”
One problem is finally solved.
Castiel gives him a squeeze on his hand before he and Sam walk away from the room.
Dean presses his lips into a thin line, trying to suppress a smile. “I hate you so much.”
But Cas still doesn’t reach out. And it scares the Hell out of Dean, who is drinking again, trying to keep the fear out of him, because if he thinks too much about the what-ifs, he is going to drive himself crazy.
“Do you miss it?” He flicks the cigarette butt away, not caring where it ends. “Being punk?”
Castiel smiled.
“Weren’t you going to start building the closet?” Castiel asks once they are no longer kissing.
Castiel lifts his eyes from the board to look at Dean. Judging by his expression, he wasn’t expecting Dean to ask that question right now.
“What the hell have you done to him?!” Dean asked furiously.
“Hey Cas.” Dean greets with his charming smile when the door is opened.
“Yeah? How?”
“When people ignore or don’t understand something, they condemn it,” Dean said. His hands moved slowly up and down, caressing the warm skin of Castiel’s shoulder. “Ignorance is dangerous. And ignorant people prefer to condemn the things they don’t know or don’t understand instead of trying to learn about it. If something doesn’t fulfill their pattern, they simply consider it stupid, a crime or a sin.”
“But that's what I'm supposed to say, right?” Dean keeps saying. “‘I'm fine,’ keep on moving. That's what we all say.”
“I would like that, too, Dean,” Castiel says, with glassy eyes.
Sam smiles at that.
“I’m a literature professor at the university.” Castiel answers.
“So you’ve told me a million times,” Dean says, hiding a smirk as he drinks his coffee. He got it in a cheap coffee shop in front of the motel. He is actually surprised by the taste. Not that the flavor is great, but he was expecting something that tasted like water with colorant.
“I want to do the same to you,” Castiel states.
“I can’t bring him back, Dean,” Jack answers.
“Dean?” Castiel asks, placing his hand on his shoulder, making Dean snap out of his train of thought. “Are you okay?”
The three of them are panting. Dean feels exhausted, but he also feels extremely happy and extremely sated. He is grinning widely. And judging by the smile future Cas is doing and the one he can feel on his back from present Cas, both of them feel the same as Dean does.
Dean remembers parking his Impala in the bunker’s garage, opening the backseat’s door and grabbing Cas, carrying him towards the bathroom in his arms and walking as fast as Dean could, without caring about Cas’ weight or about the blood that was staining him; nothing of that mattered at all. What truly mattered was that Dean needed to heal his best friend as soon as possible.
“Dean— love it when you are so tight—” Castiel moans against Dean’s mouth.
“Dean,” Castiel said with a devastated voice. With his free hand, he cupped Dean’s face, caressing his cheekbone. “I can’t, you know it. People will start suspecting if I arrive later than usually.”
Dean can’t argue with that. He kicked Cas out the bunker, left him homeless, forced him to wander and figure out this whole humanity thing. And yet, there he is, living a normal life. It must have been hard for Cas to get where he is, but he is surviving and adapting better than Dean has ever done.
He says timidly and laughing. Dean knows Cas must be blushing right now. Too bad he isn’t seeing that.
“Charlie’s wife,” Dean answered. “Well, not legally, but her wife.” He covered his mouth and exhaled sharply. “How do you know?”
Castiel makes a sob and cries again. He clenches his jaw and inhales sharply. Now his heart is beating in that aching usual way of his. He opens his eyes when he hears Dean talking again. “I don’t know if this will make you trust me again, or forgive me, or make you angrier or what, but—” He takes a deep breath and Dean grabs his guitar. At that, Castiel’s eyes open widely in shock and he feels a shiver running down his body. “This is my way of saying that I love you and that I need you and that I’m not going to hurt you again and— all the things I’m going to sing,” he adds, blushing again.
“Just leave them on my bedroom,” he answers before starting to wash the dishes.
Dean smiles. “Of course that I know that, Sam.”
“You are such a sweetheart.” He teases.
Thank you so much for reading, for the kudos, the comments, the bookmarks and the subscriptions!
Castiel chuckles. “You are right.” He kisses Dean again. “Although with breakfast it would have been enough.”
“Sure.”
Dean exhales in an irritated way. “And then? What would you have done? You were in that trip in Stanford, you couldn’t do anything!”
Without wasting a second, Dean stands up and runs towards the stairs.
Thinking about that makes Dean’s legs give up and he ends up kneeling on the ground. His hands are still holding the bottle with Cas’ ashes. There in his hands, Dean has the last of Cas. It feels wrong that Cas can now be contained in such a small thing.
“Hey,” Charlie says stepping into the kitchen. “I need a screwdriver. Where do you have one?”
Castiel arches his brow, giving Dean an amused look.
The final burrito is prepared and Dean hands one of the dishes where three of them are ready to Castiel. “Can you wait to sit down in the couch or are you gonna eat the three of them the way to the couch?” he teases.
” Castiel says, and Dean can hear his smile on his voice. “
Dean hummed and then he hissed at the contact of alcohol against his skin, making Castiel gasp, and Dean looked at him. Castiel was standing in front of the door, keeping a distance in between the two of them. He didn’t know if Jess knew about them, so he didn’t want to do something that could betray them.
Dean wakes up and finds that he and Cas are holding each other, but for the first time, instead of panicking and pulling away, he grins and holds Cas tighter. He closes his eyes, loving the feeling of he and Cas embraced, pressed together, feeling warm, cozy and safe. After so many days putting space in between them every time he woke up, Dean can now have this.
“Who cares what Jack said? We don't know what happened!” Dean snaps, angrily. Sometimes Dean doesn’t know if his anger is a poison or a drug. Maybe it is both. He looks at Cas, kind hearted Cas, who always puts up with so much of Dean’s crap, and Dean decides to pour more anger directly into him, because it is the only way he knows how to react when he is scared and in pain. “But I swear, if he did something to her, if she is—” He points at Cas and glares him. “Then you're dead to me.”
“The house would have set you in fire in order to keep the house intact.”
Dean won’t be making supper until a few hours later, but his stomach is growling already, so he will eat a slice of the pecan pie he baked the other day in order to hold until dinner.
“Hey,” Sam says as he comes into the library.
“Absolutely not.”
Cas frowns. “I thought you hated running.”
When Dean wakes up, Castiel is caressing his arms. “You woke up before me?” Dean asks with a pastry voice. He turns his face and looks at Castiel, who doesn’t have his usual grumpy face.
Dean grins and kisses him. “Yeah, it does.” He takes a deep breath. “I just hope Sam doesn’t get mad at us for wanting to do that.”
“We’re not sleeping together!” That came out quite loud and he hopes nobody else could hear it. Judging by the chatter that comes from the living room, he is sure to say that he is safe.
They invite Sam and Eileen for lunch next day so they can celebrate together that Dean and Cas have finally finished working on their house.
Sam chuckles. “Yeah, it’s pretty loud. You’ll get used to. There will come a time when you barely hear them.” He moves his index finger in a circle and looks around, grinning.
None of them stop what they are doing. Cas keeps fucking Dean with his tongue, curling it and teasing him in the way he knows that drives Dean crazy, getting him wet and warm as he presses his thumb on Dean’s rim. Future Cas keeps bobbing his head restlessly, hollowing his cheeks and curling his tongue around Dean’s length, and he has one of his hands on Dean’s chest so his fingers can play with Dean’s nipple.
“Dean! Dean! Dean! Dean!”
“I’d be even more persuaded to stay here for longer if we fucked,” Dean adds with a smirk. His fingers start brushing Cas’ back, and the former angel lets out a content sigh. “Maybe I could fuck you this time.”
Castiel smiled happily at those drawings, memories of their time together in those woods coming to his mind. He looked at Dean and he kissed him. “You are so sweet.”
“I’ll buy butter next time I pass by the supermarket.” He goes towards the fridge and he writes in the magnetic blackboard the word ‘butter’.
He wants to figure things out, but he is terrible at it. He knows that this isn’t just about sex anymore, he has known that for months. The thing is that, is he really ready to take the final step? Is that what he really wants? Does Dean want the same?
“No idea.”
Before Kevin is out of his sight, he waves his hand. The sound of the bell indicates that he has already left the bookstore and Dean grabs his stuff before he turns off the light of the office and closes the door after it. He checks in the computer if he has forgotten anything but everything is in order.
The time for the date came when Dean rang the doorbell and they went to that dinner that would become the place where they went almost every Friday night. It was a wonderful night. They laughed a lot, and all Castiel’s nerves were fading away the more he and Dean talked, making him feel wonderful things as the night kept going.
“Do you have any topic in mind?” Castiel asks, softly.
He gets in the Impala and drops his duffel back onto the passenger seat. Then, he starts the car and quickly drives away from the motel, looking for a desolate place around town, a place where he will be alone and where no one would bother him.
As he finishes saying that, some blood falls down his nose.
“Goodbye, Dean,” Castiel whispers, voice and hands trembling.
“Don’t talk nonsense,” he said frowning. “You are going to spend your time painting something, it is your job, so I’m going to pay you.” He knew that Dean would paint him anything for free, but Castiel didn’t want him to spend days or even weeks doing something and not getting remuneration. Dean looked at him with a tiny glare and he was about to speak, but Castiel spoke first, “And don’t you dare to make me a special price,” he added with a warning glare.
Charlie hums in affirmation. “
“Before you say anything, I want to apologize for what I said.” His voice is all filled with pain and regret. “Dean, you aren’t—”
Still, something doesn’t feel completely right for Dean again. But he pushes the thought away. He is close to the end, he is close to killing Chuck, to getting his freedom. It is probably just his anxiety.
“It wasn’t a date.” He glares her, pissed at the fact that everyone assumes that he and Cas are dating. If he is truly honest to himself, Dean knows that he wouldn’t mind if things developed into a date. But he would rather die than let such thought out in front of anyone.
“And how do we find that person?” Sam asks rubbing his eyes and pinching the bridge of his nose. “The victims have been killed for being considered something we still don’t know, so apart from that, they didn’t have anything in common.”
