“Strange told me this was the only path we’d come out on top of, but I don’t see how, not when Pe—not when we lost so many…he beat us Steve, we almost had him, but he was too strong.”
There’s tables with snacks and drinks along the farthest wall and only a five minute wait until the announcer climbs up onto the small stage, briefly thanking them all for coming and donating to the charity, before eagerly counting down from ten to begin the start of the night.
Tony fumbles forward and trips to the floor, the shield falls with him and the noise it makes sends a tremor down his spine.
Steve didn’t hesitate to kick the door in and run into the room, straight into the back where the tank is kept, Tony only a few steps behind him the whole way.
Natasha is the first one to hear the talking. They don’t know what to expect, anyone could be waiting to kill them, so Steve takes front of the line with Thor in tow.
To pull himself out of the pitch black empty space that yearns to swallow him whole. The place where he can’t seem to catch his breath.
In the middle of contemplating if skipping out to head home early is worth the supposed consequences, Tony’s head turns towards the sound of the back-room door opening and he watches Steve step out.
Tony himself ultimately still doesn’t know, the pain it’s going to be to get Ross to leave him alone after this already has him stressed.
Natasha only slightly opens the door to the second floor for a second, to try and get a look. Instead of answering she just shakes her head.
“Stark!” Thor is cheering then, wrapping Tony in a rough hug, “It’s good to see you’ve made it out well, friend.”
He never found where the crappy little phone went, so they had no way of just texting Steve to turn his ass around and run for the hills.
Steve’s pulled out of his dreams later in the night when a warm hand slides around his middle, and prickly stubble tickles his bare shoulder.
Steve takes a step towards him, but thinks better of it when FRIDAY raises one of Tony’s repulsors charged to fire. She’s still pretty pissed about Siberia.
He finally gasps out a reply, “He-He’s on a helicopter heading here now, I just called him 5 minutes ago.”
Steve and Tony spent most of the morning just trying to clean up the mess, and Tony may have sent Wasp the footage of Loki’s embarrassing moment on the floor for her to post everywhere but that’s neither here nor there.
“FRIDAY, I want you to put in the biggest order at the nearest IHOP, we’re gonna need the whole damn menu.”
Tony barely has time to blink before his body moves on autopilot, lunging toward the man aiming at Sam and getting a hard kick in, up into the family jewels, stunning him after with the baton for good measure as the soldier falls to the floor.
Natasha can be a master of persuasion at the best of times, she had laid it on thick and Tony ate it right up.
What matters is that both Steve and Tony were so extremely worried for their girl last night, that they hadn’t had time to talk about what happened between them. So, Tony stops Steve where he’s trying to sweep all the glass away and grabs hold of his hands.
Red Skull has no expression to his face, decades of being trapped on this planet eating away at his entire being, no longer the self-righteous, cocky man Steve once knew.
Steve’s still fiddling with the light, finding the best angle to position it at when he replies, “Aw Tony, it’s okay, we can still hang out here until someone sorts it out.”
(It was a running joke as he was growing up, that Tony Stark came kicking and screaming into this world, and he could never quite figure out how to stop.)
When Tony awoke in the hospital after Siberia, he wanted to believe that it had all been a bad dream, a figment of his wildly cruel imagination. The bruises on his chest and face told a different story.
. So, Tony drinks and he ignores Pepper’s calls, and lets himself ache for something that never was.
Steve gets through the check in process surprisingly quick based on the amount of people packed into the auditorium. He checks his jacket with the energetic blonde-haired girl at the front, and then slaps his sticker number and name tag on the front of his t-shirt.
“Perhaps,” Red Skull replies slowly, “If you were to travel back to the beginning, and stop Thanos before he gains control, it might be possible to avoid his carnage.”
All he gets back is Steve’s soft snoring, and he just smiles and closes his eyes, content to fall asleep right here in Steve’s arms.
He wants to get drunk and fuck off any responsibility, but Rhodey’s been calling to check in, and is coming up in a few days to try out the adjustments Tony made to his braces. Not to mention, FRIDAY’s been giving him the cold shoulder since he didn’t let her blow Steve to bits, she can be very vindictive when she wants to be.
“Where were we?” Tony asks much too quietly, but their new proximity grants Steve the touch of their chests together, practically sharing breaths, that he hears every word perfectly.
There’s about a million different scenarios running through Tony’s head, so many things could go wrong, and damn them both for convincing him not to bring any suits. Of course, he still has his suitcase armor in the trunk of the car in the parking lot, but if his paranoia turns out to be wrong and Steve catches him out for lying, Tony would rather not deal with Steve Rogers’ I’m disappointed in your actions face.
Steve throws his head back as soon as Tony gets a good one or two pumps in. He’s softly moaning and his taut neck is right in front of Tony’s face, who can’t refuse the urge to lean forward and suck slow kisses onto Steve’s flushed skin.
Rhodey’s stopped to sit down, already winded by the small workout. Tony has to force the grimace off his face, he’ll get Rhodey back to top shape, whatever it takes.
Natasha doesn’t hesitate to start firing away and clearing a path for Clint to run through and take out a handful of men with his arrows.
Tony’s not very surprised he’s ended up here, standing outside the door to Steve’s room – if it can even be called that still.
Red Skull turns toward Tony, and Steve feels his heart rate spike, he's reminded of how deadly Red Skull and his army were, and he doesn't trust him still.
Right here, in this warm body cradling him, in this safe space, where he can hide away, pretend he’s not slowly being dragged down by this invisible force.
There’s only a few things that honestly send a chill down Tony’s spine, and one of them happens to be waking up to Natasha’s smiling face. His brain goes flight or fight and he makes a half attempt at sitting up, before she pushes him back down.
Tony stands up from the creaky bed and turns off the T.V., news about the nation’s current political situation is not helping calm himself down. Without the hum of the television, Tony’s stuck listening to thunder start to rumble overhead. He goes to lay back down—or else he’ll start pacing and won’t be able to stop.
Tony sees one of the soldiers run off and down the hall, he dodges the punches Natasha’s now handing out and runs off after him.
Tony wilts at that, “You ever gonna let that go? Jeez, a man has a few panic attacks and gets his house blown into the Pacific and he can never live it down.”
Steve turns around to see Tony haphazardly rolling the sleeves of his shirt up his arms, then noticing the mischievous glint to Tony’s eyes when they meet his. He has to bite down on the dumb crooked smile that’s fighting its way through onto his face.
“It wasn’t supposed to be like this, I just wanted to protect the world Rhodey. No one else should die if it can be avoided, what’s so wrong about that?” Lot’s apparently. Tony throws his head back to the stiff pillow beneath him.
He knows he’s probably just projecting his sour mood, it’s more likely Steve was just busy cracking Hydra skulls. But, still you can’t sue him for being a grump. The Stark family has always had cutthroat lawyers on payroll anyways, if you dare to try.
Steve’s panting as his grip around the man’s waist gets tighter, constricting the soldiers breathing.
Tony had immediately suited up, wincing slightly as the suit closed around the wound on his abdomen that Steve’s stomach twisted at.
Tony fumbles, spraying most of the water straight up his nose and then down his shirt, effectively drowning himself.
“Okay,” Tony starts, “I’m going to take a puff of this without inhaling, and then blow it back into your mouth, where you’ll inhale instead, got it?” he asks Steve who’s looking more interested every second Tony’s talking.
“Are you going to lay there all night?” Steve stops to ask, glancing back at Natasha, who hasn’t moved an inch in hours.
The high is at its peak now, and they’re both huffing into each other’s mouth with the intensity of their kissing.
Steve ignores that perfectly accurate observation and walks over, settling beside Tony at the cash register, “How’re we doing today?”
Steve who’s unaware of Tony’s mental warfare going on, just laughs lightly before saying, “Show me.”
Tony’s bent over the couch shoving the cushions aside, on his quest to find the phone Steve gave him.
Steve pushes Tony’s hand off himself, kneeling down so Tony’s leaking cock is right in front of his face. Tony’s brain breaks at the filthy image Steve makes. The fact that at any second Bruce could walk out of the back room and catch them like this, the fact that an unknowing stranger could waltz in through the unlocked front door and be met with the sight of Tony’s dick buried in Steve’s mouth shouldn’t turn Tony on so much. He doesn’t have any more time to worry about their reputation though because Steve is breathing hard through his nose, nuzzling down Tony’s cock like a man starved, swallowing hard around Tony.
Steve’s on it immediately, propping a flashlight up and the once pitch black room is illuminated in its harsh glow, before Tony can even flop down onto Steve’s bed with an exasperated groan.
Pulling up the latest emails from Pepper, Tony soldiers through the feeling in his gut, pushing to get back to his automatic numbness.
The new suit is captivating and Steve had to fully remind himself to get it together when walking off the ship onto the deserted planet.
Arming his gauntlet watch, Tony takes long strides, going through the door like any normal non-suspicious upstanding citizen.
Tony scoots closer, reaching forward to run his fingers through the short hair at the back of Steve’s head, “Now I can’t argue with that,” he murmurs softly, before leaning forward and pushing his lips against Steve’s.
She sighs, obviously annoyed by what Loki’s put on her, but nods and snaps her fingers to lift the tentacle off Loki, before Steve grips him by the collar and pulls him up, feet barely skimming the floor.
Relieving because Tony didn’t know if Steve was even still alive, and heartbreaking because he’s still harboring all these feelings towards the ex-Captain.
“Well, it started when I couldn’t sleep one night and sometimes JARVIS puts on nature documentaries to bore me enough to knock out,” Tony pauses, and curses himself for sounding like a kid who needs to be read to sleep. “Anyways, basically, they showed this octopus stuck in a jar with the lid shut, and it was able to unscrew the jar by itself and escape, so I’ve wanted one since,” Tony finishes saying before adding, “Oh, and they also have nine brains.”
But he also needed her, so he swallowed his anger, accepting her apology while still being cautious. If he had lost her too in this split, he’s not sure he’d still be standing.
(Those conversations that he absolutely doesn't replay over and over in his head after Steve's left.)
Tony wants to avoid thinking about Steve, but all these feelings have emerged from seeing him again. It’s been 72 hours since the mission and Tony’s only grown angrier since.
Tony just nods his head, “As long as you assholes never do that to me again, you couldn’t even send a text?” Tony asks, his earlier worries were entirely justified now.
“What kind of spell did you put on her Loki?” Steve asks angrily, tone clearly making Loki aware that he was not in a mood for the usual games.
Tony watches Steve, the way his sweat slick hair falls so pretty over his forehead, how the furrow in his brow deepens while focusing on his release, his muscles hard and flexing, every dream Tony’s ever had coming true right in front of him, and he can’t quite tell where Steve ends and he begins, they’re entirely intertwined together, sharing breaths, explosions of pleasure happening all around them.
Steve’s closer than he meant to be and his eyes drop down searching for a nametag on the white shirt covered chest, but there’s not one to be found. He frowns, frustrated, just as the boy moves toward him, closing the distance, seemingly interested in Steve’s now obvious gawking. His smirk grows as he eyes Steve up and down, fluidly moving around Steve, hands out in invitation, tempting Steve to follow his lead.
The soldier flails and drops his gun, Tony dashes for it, snatching it off the floor and aiming it straight at the man’s heart.
It takes them over an hour to trek up to the top of the mountain, and the whole way there Rocket is blasting questions at Tony about his suit.
Tony’s distracted out of his shock by a laugh he knows all too well. Enchantress is standing off to the side from all the commotion and she seems to find it hilarious as Loki is struggling to lift the tentacle off of himself to reach his scepter that had fallen just out of his grasp.
He gets a muffled grunt in reply, before the sounds of her moving catch his ears and Natasha’s head pops up over the back of the couch, “Have fun out there Johnny, don’t leave Baby in the corner.”
Were they not friends for years before this mess? Oh, right. Let’s not bring up the ‘He’s my friend’ situation.
Rhodey quirks an eyebrow at him, “Wanna find out if we’ll be having another superhero war, more like.”
Thinking about the cold shower he’s going to have when he gets back to their safe house, Tony wills himself to have an ounce of patience.
Steve stood there mouth hanging open and eyes wide. Half looking like he wanted to run, half like he wanted to fight whatever invisible threat Tony’s mind was projecting.
He’s fighting sleep, fighting his mind, for his life, for happiness. No one told him he might have to sacrifice some of those, if he ever wishes to have even one.
He hasn’t let himself dwell too much on the utter loneliness he’s felt, those memories feel like years ago. When they were merely just a few months’ past.
“You’re telling me, that the Secretary of State is planning to actually kill Captain America? How would he even get that sanctioned through the accords and the UN?”
He hands the blunt over to Steve and they shotgun again, Steve’s mouth is heaven against Tony’s and soon their ashing the blunt every couple hits they take, and time slows down for them both.
They’ve made it up to the third floor and are about to turn a corner when Tony get’s a punch to his face with the butt of a rifle.
Tony’s startled awake by the sound of the room door slamming open. He’s out of bed and switching the bedside lamp on in what feels like the longest two seconds in his life. Inside the doorway is Steve soaked from the rain, holding up Bucky who’s just as dripping wet. The clock on the nightstand reads 7p.m. and Tony’s heart is still thumping hard inside his chest from the scare.
There’s a hot bead of sweat slowly crawling down the back of Tony’s neck, the clock ticks ahead a minute, and he breathes out a deep sigh while flipping another page of the magazine he’s been fake reading for the past hour.
The song changes just as Steve’s found his way through the crowd and earns a better view of his subject; a brunette boy, eyes closed, small smile on his face that’s turned up to the moving lights above them as they shimmer over the crowd below. He has one hand in his hair as his feet jump rhythmically on the floor, lost in the music, enjoying himself more than anyone else around him, and Steve’s barely remembering to move his own feet now as he blinks slowly, completely entranced.
As the night begins winding down, the songs mostly stay slow, even the attendees with the highest energy begin to tire, Steve and Tony mostly sway together at this point. Conversation on hold to enjoy the music and each other’s presence. At least until Steve’s stomach growls loudly enough that Tony catches it and looks sarcastically up at him.
So to be in a room with his father’s trophy soldier from the war, well there was bound to be arguments.
The weeks following his release from the hospital, Tony’s bruises may have faded but he can still feel them, bone deep. He doesn’t know what spurred him to move back into the compound, or he’s just not admitting it to himself. Being back in the space he shared with his team, turned friends (turned family) and it now being empty, is not an easy pill to swallow. He’s sent Vision away, letting him hunker down in the Tower for the time being. To be frank, he couldn’t deal with the voice of JARVIS echoing around him, that wound may have scarred over, but it’s still festering underneath his skin. Much like the ache that surrounds him when he thinks of Steve.
Tony frowns for a second at the weird reply, but then Steve’s turning away and taking a trip back to the break room, emerging a second later with two bottles of water in hand. Tony shrugs it off and says his thanks as he grabs hold of the condensation slick bottle, taking a long drag. He can feel Steve’s eyes on him, but the water is so refreshing on his dry throat, he doesn’t think much about it.
With one last look at the shield, now flat on the floor in the middle of the room, Tony slams the door shut behind him.
thing untouched of his own to keep. He’s already working on coming up with stronger security to install into JARVIS’ mainframe. This will not be happening again.
Tony huffs out a halfhearted laugh, he’s glad he still has Rhodey by his side especially after being so close to losing him. It’s hard not to think about what he has lost though, about the people who should still be at his side, they were supposed to be together. He never should have let himself get attached, when had he not been abandoned in his life, and why did it hurt so much more this time?
“You can’t bullshit me Tones, I’ve known you too damn long. That’s why I know you're hurting and I’m worried about you. I don’t want a repeat of after New York, you were in a bad way and wouldn't let me help. I won’t let that happen again.”
“Did you like them?” Steve asks, not giving Tony a chance to answer before he’s kissing him again, deeper, chasing more of his hard day’s work on Tony’s tongue.
But then Tony explained that if they could get to Pym and his quantum technology (and he agreed to help), they could travel to a parallel universe and get the upper hand on Thanos before he even realizes it, effectively stopping him from ever getting a taste of the tesseract and the infinity stones, only then will they have a shot at reversing it all, and getting their family back.
The archer sighs but ultimately lets up on his draw and nods his head toward the stairway to the next floor.
Tony scoffs, then hisses, “You’re going to fix her, before I tell Fury to get Odin down here, and then you won’t be the only one finding a train wreck funny,” he threatens, his heart breaking at how scared the octopus must be.
Tony’s got a strange wave of deja-vu wash over him, the last time he’d gone traipsing after Steve was Siberia and that had ended so well. Plus, he had gone there as a friend, now what, he’s going as the guy who can’t leave well enough alone?
But then Tony’s asking, “So what are our options then? There has to be some way to counter all of the damage.”
“Where the hell have you guys been?” Tony questions, before handing a towel to Steve and walking to Bucky’s side to give him his.
He can smell the rust from the blood Steve’s covered in, his stomach turns and he has to grind his teeth, and swallow multiple times, to get a hold on himself.
Their make out session soon dies down though, and they go back to lazy, sweet kisses instead of the full-tongue hungry and frantic from before.
He shakily wipes his mouth with the back of his hand and lets out a scoff at how ridiculous this all is.
Tony whips around scrubbing the water out of his eyes, to see Natasha standing across the island from him.
He’s currently seated in what was once the common room of the compound, now it being the place where he can drink, wallow and pass out, exactly in that order.
It’s been easier to try and stop sleeping altogether, rather than lay down at night knowing what’s to come. He can never get comfortable, never sit still, if he does his mind wanders to subjects better left alone.
“Let’s go around back, we can have FRIDAY scan for heat signatures.” Natasha casually walks off and Tony starts doing long division in his head for a couple minutes before following, as to not look suspicious. Also, because math makes him happy.
Tony's not oblivious, he knows how fast word travels on this campus, and Wasp—bless her, she's mostly innocent—just doesn't know how to keep a secret. Not that this getting to Steve will in any way change the course of action, he's just going to have to attempt to work while ignoring his lizard brain’s need to fawn over this new distraction of muscle and smart mouth that’s an equal match to his own sarcastic digs.
“Sam and Steve were heading to the top floor before they both went radio silent,” Clint explains while getting an arrow ready on his bow, “We were supposed to be meeting up with an informant, someone who knew what Hydra was trying to pull.”
They don’t slow down until Steve makes it to where he parked his motorcycle, and Tony stops mid-sentence about all the ways he could die from how hungry he is.
He was not expecting Natasha to take a hit on the side as they were rounding on the jerk trying to blow them all to hell.
After Rhodey has successfully stuffed Tony full of various breakfast foods, he seems satisfied enough to let Tony lead them into the workshop to get started on the tests for his upgraded braces.
Just when he’s about to try to sneak in another quick kiss, Tony’s jaw cracks from the force of his yawn, and Steve knows that putting Tony to bed immediately is what needs to be done, even if he greedily wants more time with the man he's ridiculously in love with.
sorry for the late update, life n all that always hits at the worst times. i hope to get back to daily updates :)
Steve will wait patiently for Tony to acknowledge him first, doesn’t want to touch him unless he’s okay with it. Just a warm hand pressed onto Tony’s own. It’s more grounding than anything Tony has tried in years.
No matter how much Tony misses the man and the rest of his team, he can’t open himself up to be hurt again.
Steve’s hands naturally drop down to Tony’s waist and he gently holds him there, “You were about to answer all of my questions about Tony Stark.”
Instead he laughs, and tips his head down shyly, “I was thinking of going simple today, how do chocolate chip cookies sound to you?”
“Well,” Steve says looking around the room before turning back to Tony with a mischievous smile on his face, “We can kill time by snooping through Bucky’s stuff instead?”
“You have the best ideas, remind me to never doubt you again,” Tony replies, rubbing his hands together, ready to find the goods he knows Barnes is hiding away.
Then he remembers the night before and shoots up, fumbling towards the night stand to grab the Steve Phone™.
Except Steve’s words wrap around him, and he can’t shake them off no matter how hard he tries. What did Steve mean by he never fit in anywhere, the Avengers were where all of them fit in. Sure, they argued and butt heads, but that’s what family did. He never wanted this to happen, he wanted the exact opposite of this to happen, and how many times did he try to get Steve to just
It’s his compound and since everyone else decided to abandon it, Tony vetoes any fuck he gives about invading privacy and closes his fist around the knob.
Steve groans louder as Tony picks up the speed of his pumping, wanting, needing to see Steve come apart in front of him.
Tony makes an aborted noise, and Bucky looks up at him with a small pained smile, “It’s alright Tony, S’not my blood,” Bucky slurs.
He’s got a choice now, to save Steve and the rest of his old team from getting caught in this, or does he finally wash his hands of this mess and let it be?
Tony turns toward Steve once they’re settled, a hopeful look in his eyes, “Meet me later?” he asks, holding back a different question, hoping Steve will catch his drift. Meet me later, Tony thinks to himself, let's talk about this, about us, please? Please.
Tony does so in favor of gripping onto the back of Steve’s head and pulling hard on the short hair there, causing Steve to hiss before slamming their mouths back together.
But Tony’s already opening a random drawer and slamming it shut after tossing the phone in, out of sight out of mind.
If the ground could swallow him whole right now, Steve would be eternally grateful. The snack table has been mostly picked over, and food that’s been sitting out for this long doesn’t sound the least bit appetizing, so Steve makes a split-second decision.
Tony’s managed to scrape his bone marrow off the floor, and shakily stand up. “Shooting at me when my back is turned, seems a little cowardly of you, Barton.”
He can’t see anyone else on the floor so he and Natasha move through and toward the knocked-out soldiers.
Tony hates that that makes sense. He hates that any of this is happening, and right after the phone call he had with Steve.
Speaking of surprises, it seems Steve didn’t expect Tony to reply, because now he’s being stingy with the details.
“Hydra being Ross, and those ‘kidnappings’ all staged, he pulled out all the stops for this,” Natasha reminds bitterly.
He walks in to his pitch black apartment, Natasha sprawled out on the couch in a similar position from all those hours ago, and Steve is not one bit surprised as he throws a blanket around her, before softly shutting the door to his bedroom shut.
Steve frowns, reading the ingredients list one more time, finger tracing the text just in case his eyes are deceiving him. He hums unhappily once he realizes what he’s looking for is indeed not listed.
“Oh, well hey there Steve,” he says, before lifting his shirt slightly and showing the stickered tag reading ‘Tony’ placed on his jeans over his hip.
The attacker is out cold beneath them, Tony feels a sense of jealousy, how dare he cause this mess and leave Tony with the cleanup.
What’s left of his team; Natasha and Vision, are a few hours behind him on a separate jet. Tony won’t lie, he’ll admit he’s feeling a little lost. Going from a team of seven to three is disorientating to say the least. And not having Rhodey here as a buffer between him and Ross is looking to be a challenge.
If someone told Tony he’d be having a conversation with Steve Rogers while tucking into his dinner from his favorite Thai place, he would have laughed in their face. Alas, this just seems to be his life now.
Sam has a gun aimed at his forehead and Steve looks murderous as he’s cuffed to a metal pole lining the wall using magnetic handcuffs.
It takes Tony a moment to recognize the voice as Clint’s, and then there’s hands grabbing under his arms to hoist him up.
Steve fishes something out of his back pocket and hands Tony the fried little flip phone, “Remind me to insist you use one of my waterproof StarkPhone’s from now on,” Tony replies while shaking his head at them both.
Steve silently reflects back on the night, the way fate had made it so that one curious glance from across a room led to the most fun he’s had all year at MIT, possibly even longer if he’s being completely honest. His program is intense but so rewarding that he’s not done much but focus on trying to be perfect at everything all this time.
“I really thought you were joking about this,” Natasha snarks from her slouched position on the couch.
“Alright Rogers, let me show you the fine art of the shotgun,” Tony says, and grabs the blunt back up from where he placed it on Steve’s nightstand.
“I leave you alone for ten minutes and you’ve already replaced me, Stark?” Tony’s soft smile turns away from Steve and towards the man now standing next to them.
Rhodey doesn’t even blink, not believing a word of the fake bravado Tony’s trying to project. Instead giving him a blank look, and waiting not so patiently for Tony to cut the bullshit.
His voice has gone raspy tired, most likely the full exhaustion of the day finally hitting that constantly whirring mind of his.
The memory is frayed and fuzzy after all these years, but Tony remembers it was around the 35-day mark of his kidnapping and Yinsen had suggested a moment of meditation. He remembers laughing, Tony’s life had always been non-stop high energy since he could remember, when had he ever had time for something like meditating. But Yinsen eventually convinced him over a cup of tea, that was tasting less and less like dirt every passing day.
“I’ve wanted this for so long since that night,” Tony gasps, “I thought—thought you regretted it,” he barely bites out over their moans.
When Tony told him they needed to get back to earth to talk to Hank Pym, he was admittedly confused.
But eventually the sounds of shouts from within the cave and the crackle of the fire in front of them fizzle out, and he’s one with his body, mind clear. Yinsen had shot him that smug smile of his after 20 minutes of peaceful silence, and Tony’s heart aches when he thinks of the innocent man, who he had shared something so personal with.
They take their fries to go, and decide to walk down by the lake nearby, it’s nearly two in the morning, and the full exhaustion of the night has yet to hit Steve. His mind is completely focused on the hot food his stomach is gratefully indulging in and the way Tony’s eyes seem to never stop glowing even with the darkened night sky above them.
Just as he hears someone about to cross over the threshold of the wall he’s hugging, Tony lunges forward, getting a good grip on the offender’s shoulders and knocking his head into the wall.
Blinking the sleepy fog away from his vision, Steve turns around to properly greet the face he’s been missing all day.
Tony just wanted to push and push Steve away. He didn’t want to face his feelings or the way that Steve would look at him when he thought Tony wasn’t paying attention.
Tony lets himself admire Steve admiring, before he forces himself to get it together and answer Steve’s question.
But it’s so difficult, after everything that went down not to be defensive. He was left in that bunker alone. And it’s how he’s felt since.
He didn’t ask why Tony won’t stop rubbing his hands on his pants, and tried not to eavesdrop when Bruce asked Tony where Spider-Man and Strange were.
“If you want in my pants, all you gotta do is ask babe,” Bucky retorts weakly, and Tony just shakes his head with a smile and gets to work on pulling the stained denim off.
“This isn’t the time nor the place, Clint.” Natasha puts her hands up placatingly, but Clint doesn't seem convinced and draws back his bow again.
He catches up to Natasha and they crouch down behind a short wall leading up to a back entrance. “FRIDAY, what do we got?” Tony switches his regular sunglasses out for the ones with a HUD installed into them.
It’s not the first time they’ve done this—albeit they weren’t exactly sober then—and Tony quickly relents under Steve’s tongue. Steve kisses like he’s sure about it, full of confidence and sharp nips of his teeth on Tony’s bottom lip, Tony’s cock stirs, taking an immediate interest in this new activity. He lets out a muffled moan when Steve shoves a thigh up in between his legs, shimmying around until he’s at the best angle, and grinding it against Tony, hard.
Tony doesn’t wait for his reply, because he’s already tip toeing to catch Steve’s lips in a chocolate sweetened kiss.
“Hey Steve, uh—did you want to go grab a bite to eat at the shawarma stand?” Tony asks, and then adds before Steve can reply, “I’m pretty much done here for the day, so we could hang out at the park after if you wanted?”
It had been hard, trying to let their surroundings fade into the background, near impossible. Yinsen instructed him to focus on his breathing and the way his body moves in time with it. At first Tony, could only feel the arc reactor constantly humming in his chest, the caked-on grime sealed to his skin from weeks with no shower.
His anger roars back to life again, and Tony’s crossing the room to grab the shitty flip phone that’s been mocking him for weeks.
By the time Tony slips back into place behind Steve, the wave of sleepiness is already hitting Steve’s mind again, the last thing he senses before falling asleep entirely, is Tony smoothing his hand across Steve’s stomach, and the sound of something a lot like “I love you” whispered against his shoulder.
It’s a dumb question, so instead of answering right away Tony stretches, groaning at the knot pulling in his upper back, and completely missing the look Steve’s giving him as the skin on his lower back is exposed.
Tony off on another engineering binge, his third suit in a week and Steve fighting for Tony to take a break.
His portfolio is exactly where he left it, strewn across his drawing table, abandoned in a fit of frustration, and he toes off his shoes, scrunching his nose at the ache in the balls of his feet, but he’s got an idea in mind and a project to finish now.
Tony’s frozen with confusion for about 10 seconds, until he sees the blond hair tucked into the hat of one of the men.
She raises one brow, “Keep it in your pants Tony, I’m going to get some shut eye before we land, you should too.”
It’s very mundane in his opinion, but him and Pepper are successfully working past the awkward “The CEO of the company I own dumped me” phase and Tony would rather not muck that up.
The burdening price of nightmares, and panic attacks, a constant looping picture of utter destruction playing behind his eyelids.
It scared the shit out of Tony, he doesn’t know how to have conversations without sass and snide comments, words are his only defense when he’s not in the suit.
Tony keeps his hands busy, moving them down to start unbuckling Steve’s pants and shoving them off as best he can from his heightened position. When Steve pulls away, Tony looks down to find Steve decided to forego any underwear today and his hardened cock is in full view.
Tony finally notices their back on the jet home, a blanket draped across him. He’s got one hell of a headache and he’s grateful for the pills and water Natasha hands him.
They’ve been holed up in a shitty roadside motel for the past 3 days, their room is on the second floor and they’ve been squeezing into a queen-sized bed every night. Not that Tony’s made any complaints of being in between two beefed up super soldiers, it’s just all very family road trip. Their definition of road trip meaning half planned missions to chase subgroups of the ever-infamous Hydra of course. But, far be it from Tony to tell Steve and Bucky their plan to erase every Hydra head from the face of the earth might be futile, this has been almost 80 years in the making for the two.
Nebula is stiff next to Steve and he hears her stop breathing, then Rocket is crying out, “I’m gonna kill that purple bastard!”
Even when T’Challa’s little sister, Princess Shuri was sobbing, screaming, and beating on Steve’s chest, looking for answers he didn’t have.
“Yeah,” Steve replies breathily, sounding soft and innocent and Tony’s chest tightens with how much he adores him.
“I was just so worried about you two, not knowing where you were, or what would happen, I couldn’t sleep at all last night without you, and when you come back hurt, I feel like it’s my fault, not being there for you,” Tony admits quietly.
His embarrassment turned into bitter mortification when Ezekiel let out a chuckle. The crop caressed his back gently. "Good boy," he praised and Tony wanted to vomit. "Get a move on, then."
By the door to the dining room, Tony hesitated. The thought of Hammer and Bates seeing him beaten up, puffy-eyed from crying and crawling like a dog didn't seem very appealing. He shifted his feet, pushing himself up so he could walk the remaining distance. His legs protested the movement, but he knew he could manage that much.
"They must've used a scrambler or something similar," he muttered darkly, frown on his face as he leaned in, pulling up the box he'd tossed in earlier. "There have been no blips on FRIDAY's radar and it's been several hours now. They could've taken the implants out by now, for all I know."
He delivered a sharp blow to Tony's jaw. Tony grunted and spat out a mouthful of blood; he had bitten into his tongue.
"Becker," Marco said, sounding irritated and like he was on the verge of giving up by this point, "You're letting him bait you. Take a chill pill."
Tony frowned up at him. The reminder of what Thanos had done chilled him to the core, but he was unwilling to let it show on his face. "What are you—"
before the birth of his alpha heir or them coming to the age of eighteen (18), the position shall be passed over to an available and suitable Darrow descendant, until the heir(s) negotiated in clause four (4) come of age. If a suitable Darrow heir is not found, the position shall pass to OBADIAH STANE and on to his heirs, as discussed in clause four (4).
"I'm sure Carl would never talk about another alpha like you talk about Rogers," Rick continues as if Tony hadn't said anything, voice once again angry. He tugs sharply at Tony's shirt, and one button comes loose.
This is a new territory, and he's not sure what the next course of action should be. The obvious thing for any other omega would be to fully let go, to submit to the perfect alpha before them. But they're not Tony Stark. The Tony Stark, who has never submitted to another person before, at least not both bodily and mentally. Is that even the thing that's expected of him right now? Is Steve asking him to submit, to leave his current alpha and his kid--
Twenty minutes later, they are standing in front of a nice-looking café, Rose crowding their legs in anticipation of the ice cream Barton had promised her. They enter, Tony sighing with pleasure at the air conditioning of the coffee shop. He's never liked it when the weather gets hot and humid. Warm? Yes. Scorching? No. It reminds him of that one hot summer day in 1989 and of the desert he'd experienced in 2008. Also, the stickiness it causes is unpleasant.
Once inside, Bates indicated to a pile of clothes on the counter, as well as a towel and a washcloth right next to it. "Wash up and get changed. Hammer will be expecting you in ten minutes, so be efficient about it."
Another half an hour later, there was a knock on the door. As Marco got up, Tony tightened his fist around the pin, heart beating wildly in his chest. There would be no room for errors if he wanted to make a run for it.
"You must be famished then," Ezekiel stated controversially. He stopped walking, turning to look down at Tony. "I'll tell you what, you follow me upstairs, I'll make sure someone fixes you up with something."
"Cap's fine. They had to put him into a medically induced coma to accelerate the healing process, but they'll be waking him up tomorrow."
"Dammit!" Rhodey cursed as he punched the doors in and promptly stomped through. As he followed, eyeing the bent doors, Steve wished there would be something inside left for him to punch as well.
"Follow the Iron Man armor," he instructs as he passes, even while the people seem more than eager to do just that.
Tony's lungs were working overtime to draw in an adequate amount of air. His vision swam and he could tell he was nearing a panic attack. Another shock coursed through his body.
"I'll be leaving the three of you to it then," the alpha informs them, letting go of Tony with a final, possessive squeeze to the back of his neck, and sliding Rose down into Tony's lap. The toddler goes quietly, seemingly confused because of the conversation that had just transpired, and clutches at the collar of Tony's shirt. "See you around, Captain."
Which, Rose and Tony already have, of course, he corrects himself as he sobers from the dizzying feeling. To distract himself, he nods at his daughter. "Had a busy day. How about you?"
"Yeah, not happening, Doc," he said, pushing to obtain anger and heat in his voice, his brows furrowing, while the rest of his body went cold with terror.
Tony sighed. "Okay, fix me a plate of something. Rosie had soup for lunch a couple of hours ago, and she'll probably be hungry by the time you're ready, so go ahead and make enough for her, too." Rogers smiles at him.
"Don't worry, this is just a little sedative," the doctor replied lightly, "Now, Mr. Stark, do try to be still."
"I have been informed that you're having some microchips removed, as well as," she extended her index finger, tapping the glass of Tony's nanoparticle housing unit, completely ignoring his flinch at the action, "taking that out."
"Daddy will fall on his butt if he attempts to swing you around like he has seen Thor do it," he tries to explain and takes a hold of Rosie's hands, but still doesn't pick her up. She stomps her foot a little, and Tony frowns. "Rose," he warns.
"Speaking of which," Ezekiel continued, ignoring Tony's desperate attempts at drawing enough air into his lungs, "How's the good Captain?"
Rick is in the middle of straightening his suit's front when he seems to catch a sight of something. Tony turns a little sideways and sees Steve standing near the kitchen's entrance, leaning against the wall, arms crossed and with a stern expression on his face.
shall fall to ALPHA OBADIAH STANE or his alpha heir. If not possible, the ownership shall be trusted to the available alpha heir of the Darrow house.
Steve pauses for a moment. "Did you just refer to yourself as one of the 'big guns'?" he asks. A smile is tugging at his mouth, even if he's trying to hold it at bay.
, then he would be able to make the armor emerge across his body and fly himself away from this place. "We'll have to do this the hard way," the doctor continued. "Relax, please."
, it all came rushing back to Tony now. He had so wished he could have just buried the whole existence of Justin Hammer somewhere deep within his psyche, and never take another look at it or the man himself again. It would be just his luck that this miserable excuse of a day would be topped off by the reappearance of an old,
Ezekiel is a real character in the comics (at least in 616, I think), but apart from some vague traits (e.g. name, intelligence, despising Tony,
A punch landed on his head, clumsy and clearly meant as retribution. His head collided with the floor and he tried to turn away from the assault. Becker wasn't having it; he pulled Tony's hands behind his back and held them there as securely as he could. Tony groaned into the carpet in frustration.
This time, Tony couldn't hold in the objection, "He doesn't hate me!" he bit out petulantly, hearing the desperation in his tone. Ezekiel struck his ribs with the baton and kicked the chair sideways, causing Tony's right shoulder to impact harshly with the floor.
The heir following RICHARD DARROW shall be the alpha descendant of ANTHONY STARK. If ANTHONY STARK does not bear an alpha heir, the ownership of
"You're a crafty little bastard, aren't you? Escaping those handcuffs and getting to Marco's gun, huh? I suppose we were too lenient with you. Well, we won't be making that same mistake again, just so you know."
Tony tensed, but didn't acknowledge the touch otherwise. Instead, his hands busied themselves with pouring himself a cup of coffee. "Yes, actually," he replied as he picked up his cup.
"Since before you murdered my father," Ezekiel cut in. His voice was flat and his face indifferent, but his eyes were blazing.
Rick groans into his neck, and releases him, his hips stuttering to a stop when he comes, and when the intensity of it lessens, he continues pumping his seed languidly into Tony's hole. He doesn't knot him, since Tony isn't in heat, and when he slips out of Tony's slick warmth, his fingers move to take his dick's place. He moves them with a quick pace, pushing against that spot inside of Tony, and slaps Tony's ass a couple of times, and that's all it takes for Tony to tumble over the edge. He spasms and clenches around Rick's fingers, moaning into the tablecloth as quietly as he can manage, and smells the scent of his own come alongside Rick's. It coats the floor beneath the table.
But it wasn't Ezekiel at all that entered the basement; Tony frowned when his eyes landed on Bates instead.
It's nothing too major but it upsets me all the same. I'm not going to change it though, because now I have the story lined up like I wanted to. It just means that what happened in CA: The Winter Soldier happened one year earlier in this fic than in MCU (spring 2013 instead of spring 2014). That also means that Thor: The Dark World hasn't happened yet, and that we have a little while longer until we get to A:AoU. It might turn out to be a plus though, since now we will probably get to see more Stony fluff than originally planned.... XDD
He turned his eyes to himself then, looking himself over for the first time since he woke up. He was wearing sweatpants and a t-shirt, neither of which belonged to him, and no socks or shoes. His whole body ached, but the pain was especially palpable on his left leg and right arm, beneath the bandages where the tracker chips had been cut out.
The elevator car finally stops moving, and Tony extends his hand before Rosie's face for the toddler to take, which she does, albeit with some reluctance. Tony knows that the three-year-old would have much preferred to dash down the corridors in search of Steve's room, but she's smart enough to know that the fastest route there will be obediently following someone that actually knows where the said room is.
"I didn't know we had one of those in the common floor kitchen," Tony tells him. Steve shrugs as he pops the lid of the kit open and grabs a small bottle of antiseptic and a couple cotton pads.
"I'm sure it will. Come on up here," he replies and picks his daughter up by her armpits. She kisses Tony's cheek gently, and it's true; Tony already feels much better.
Two months after the Battle of New York, the Darrow-Starks pack up and move to the Stark Tower, which is finally fully constructed and repaired from the damage it took during the invasion. Currently under renaming from 'Stark Tower' to 'Avengers Tower', the tower is the best place for them to live in for various reasons. Even Rick had agreed. The building holds many floors full of SI offices, R&D and conference rooms, and it's the best location for Tony to be in considering the whole Avenger business.
"Come on, do it already!" the one holding him yelled, one hand around his stomach and the other pulling his right arm back. He struggled, shifting his weight, and it made the man lose his balance. He fell painfully on his back against the hard ground, Tony on top of him. Tony twisted and elbowed him, but that was about all he was able to do before he froze completely, muscles seizing up.
"What'd they say to you?" he asked before she could pull the door open. Her hand froze on the handle.
He was twelve years old, thirteen in a few weeks. A late bloomer, was what his Mother had said about him, smiling and swirling the wine in her glass. Most of his friends had already presented, some soon after they'd turned eleven, some closer to twelve. Lately it had been just him and his classmate Tobias that hadn't yet been assigned to the classes intended for their genders.
Dr. Miller chuckled. "I can't do that, Colonel. My lips are sealed." She mimicked zipping her lips, all the while gazing innocently at Rhodes. Steve's hand curled into a fist — next to him, Nebula was flexing her fingers like she was itching to sink them into something.
Now finished, Bates stood up and moved so that Tony could see him. "I warned you about my temper, didn't I," he stated flatly. He left the basement, leaving Tony to prepare for an uncomfortable night on the floor.
He was aware, however, that his chances of escaping were considerably better before someone would shut the van doors, and so he forced all of his remaining energy into his barely moving muscles. The security wouldn't make it, they were too far away, but if he could get himself accidentally dropped to the ground they might have a chance...
"Why is it always you three?" Steve asks, walking over to eyeball them sternly, "Even Thor knows not to chatter when we're on a mission."
"But we were actually looking for you guys!" Spider-Man said, most likely noticing that the air around them was starting to turn hostile. "We think we might have something."
"You had a thing with that secretary of yours, didn't you? Pepper Potts?" he asked, and Tony felt a hot surge of protectiveness.
Steve looked through the one-way mirror as Rhodey interrogated the woman. It was afternoon now, and they had regrouped at the compound after extracting the suspect. They had managed to find a piece of hair from the factory, and matched it to a sample from the DNA database. Steve had been right — the cleanup had been clumsy.
Tony rubs a hand over his face. "Like I said, there's nothing anyone of you can do. The contract is still valid, and that's a fact that's not changing anytime soon."
Beard picked him up, throwing him over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes, as if his breathing wasn't already enough of a struggle.
"All done," he says soon enough, smiling a little at Tony and once more cradling his cheek, if only for a brief moment this time. Tony's pretty sure that Steve's going half on autopilot and half acting on his instincts as an alpha taking care of an omega, and watches the blonde's face a little dazedly. His theory is proven correct when Steve seems to realize that he's being a little more touchy-feely than strictly necessary, and his hands leave Tony's face. He clears his throat and turns to deposit the pads to the trash can. Tony ignores the part of him that misses the alpha's gentle and caring hands. He gets to feel hands like that so rarely.
"I thought you said you hit your face on a faucet," Clint interjects, unhelpfully. Tony turns his wide eyes from the alpha to send a quick glare in the beta's direction.
"I told you not to force my hand," he told Tony and knelt by Becker's side, tearing a large strip from the torn shirt that was still pooled around Tony's shoulders. He began knotting it at the center.
He looked around the room. It bore a resemblance to an actual operating theater, supplied with proper equipment and the usual color scheme, but with plastic cloths hanging from the ceiling, partly obscuring the view of the gray industrial hall walls. He looked down at himself again; he was clad in only his underwear, every bruise and cut and inch of sensitive skin vulnerable to the open air.
"Why didn't you contact us when you were on the run?" he asks, letting some of his frustration shine through. He's on the verge of a nasty breakdown as it is.
.....guys i'm so sorry, i know it's been v long since the last update. i'll just tell you that i've been very busy with work and my thesis, and leave it at that.
Tony tensed when Becker leaned closer to grab him again, but the Boss' intervened, "Marco takes Stark," he said with a tone that left no room for argument. Becker looked mad, but let Marco pull Tony out of the van, biting his tongue.
Tony's heart starts thumping harshly against his rib cage, his pulse racing, and he has to sit down on the edge of his bed. "Are they alright?" he asks as he brushes a shaky hand over his face. He needs to calm down.
Before he was able attain it, Ezekiel had unclipped the chain from Tony's cuffs and tilted the chair, throwing Tony to the floor. He held onto one of Tony's wrists, twisting it painfully behind his back, until he had attached the chain to both of the cuffs again.
Minutes passed, and Tony saw Becker helping Marco over to one of the twin beds. His legs were moving, albeit stiffly, and he managed to sit upright on the bed when Becker deposited him on top of it. He met Tony's gaze and sent a disapproving look his way.
"Shut up, you'll wake Rosie," Rick says, pulling away for a moment and releasing one of Tony's arms to unbutton the front of his trousers. He pulls down the zipper and palms himself through his boxer briefs. Groans a little. "You know, the one thing I prefer in you over Carl, is that the sex is so great. You know I like them feisty." He surges back down and kisses Tony, and Tony bites at his lip angrily. Not drawing blood, but hard enough to hurt. Rick pulls away with a delighted gasp. "Yes, that's it," he says almost playfully, like he isn't about to rape Tony, although there is a dark look to his eyes.
"Sure," Tony replied, trying to sound demure in the presence of his family and another influential old money family. He was most likely failing, since Tony didn't do demure.
Marco pulled his electric taser out of his pocket and threw it to Becker. Tony bit on the gag as he was electrocuted, fighting to stay conscious as the room around him blurred.
"What the fuck are you looking at?" Beard asked, shaking him as he tightened the cuffs. He rose up to his feet and kicked Tony into the ribs. Tony's back hit the wall, and there we go. A tortoise on its back.
get your butt down from there!" He watches sharply as the three-year-old carefully lowers herself from a branch of a tree and back on to the jungle gym. Whoever responsible for the gardening and leaving a tree branch that near to a kids' play station has to be clinically insane. Tony'd certainly like to have a word with them about over-active toddlers and spine injuries.
So, they sit by the couch and bend their heads over Steve's phone, shoulder's brushing, and Tony's not really surprised when at one point Steve's palm lands to rest on the small of his back. By the time the settings are 'fixed' and they have switched over to watching the TV, his hand has traveled all the way up to the back of Tony's neck, where
He kicked Tony, forcing him on his back so he could lean over him. Tony whimpered as the rough concrete came in contact with his back.
The only competent part of the whole kidnapping gig so far, had been the part where they had successfully snatched Tony off of a street, and even that had its major weak spots. And the only person that actually seemed to know what the hell he was doing was Bates, and yet here Tony was; still stuck with these two tools.
"Sorry, Tony," Steve breaks the silence between them as they near their table. "I get it now why you didn't want me to pay for the drinks. I'll think twice next time before trying to force my opinion on you." Then he's speeding off to hand Rose her sundae, whom by now is making eager grabby hands. Tony's left in stunned silence. He's so baffled that he even forgets that he'd been planning to apologize to Rogers, too.
Nebula stepped closer to him, breaking his train of thought. "Are you not going to stop her?" she asked levelly. Testing him, Steve realized. He spared her a glance; her eyes were glued to the interrogation room and unlike Spider-Man, she seemed to be reveling in what was happening.
Fury says abruptly and the call cuts off. Tony draws in a large breath before clapping his hands together.
"My confession?" Tony asked. Ezekiel didn't say anything else, just watched Tony as he straightened up into his full height. He stepped over Tony and walked back up to the table.
JARVIS informs him when Rose is in the middle of another throw. He feels his eyebrows climb up on his forehead.
, he was sure that a mating bite would be a breach of contract. So, his colorful one-night stand history consisted only of other omegas or betas, males and females alike. People that weren't so driven by their hormones or social conditioning to claim and hurt him, and who weren't physiologically capable of forming a mating bond with him.
Ezekiel seemed almost bored to be asked, but he obliged Tony nevertheless, "Along with a few of your trinkets, my father also left me with some old files and a backdoor access to your servers. Honestly, when I dug it all up a few months ago when I started formulating all this in my head, I was surprised when the access actually worked. You probably noticed that, right?" Ezekiel huffed, "Your AIs were quick to kick my specialist out of the mainframe, but he was fast enough to gather some intel that would work in my favor."
Hammer's smile turned quickly into a scowl. "Quit with the act, Tony. I want you to tell me how to boost the efficiency. I want Stark Industries' patents. I want specs." He paced as he rambled, stopping to stand next to Tony on the other side of the table. He put his hand on his shoulder, squeezing like one would a friend's. "Work with me here, hm?"
"Does your boo boo still hurt?" she asks innocently, expression open, and Tony's heart twinges in tandem with the wound on his cheek.
So yeah, I went and saw Endgame.....and I don't want to talk about it, at least not the last half an hour. This fic will still however remain completely spoiler free. So please, refrain from discussing about the movie in the comments as well, or at least write a disclaimer for spoiler-y content just in case someone hasn't yet seen it.
"I know that you know that, but I also know that you don't believe it," Tony insists, "Now, tell me. What's bothering you in particular?" Steve spares him a glance, but his eyes are quick to return to the team's footprints that are trailing before them. They walk a while in silence, until he speaks up,
The following day is Friday, and Clint and Nat are released in the morning. They linger for a while with Tony and Cap, but eventually are ushered out of the room to get some resting done in the tower. Tony fiddles with his tablet as he watches over Steve.
There’s a muffled voice in the background from Steve’s end, but Tony can’t make out what they’re saying.
“Stevie, it wasn’t your fault, those bastards knew we were there somehow, you had no idea they’d know,” Bucky insists, already looking a bit more alert, more like he actually knows where he’s at.
Then Bruce is calling his name from the jet and Steve’s going. Leaving earth behind for the first time. He doesn’t look back, doesn’t want to see where he stood when time stopped and his world shifted.
Tony spins around eventually and lets Steve wrap his arms around him, both of them sleepy and warm from the drug.
For once it’s easy for Tony to slip quietly back asleep, the exhaustion of the day sinking him under.
Steve laughs and goes to put away her food in it’s rightful place, and Tony just decides to spit it out already.
“No, much less exciting than all that. He wanted to do the impossible and attempt to repair the metaphorical dam between us.”
Remember how Tony was a big dumb idiot? This just in; he has now earned the title giant big dumb idiot for this one.
Tony’s silent for most of the trip, and at one point Steve shouts over at him, “You awake back there?”
He rushes towards her, repulsor gauntlet charged, and voice tense as he asks her, “What did you two do to her?”
“Sir, should I prepare the suit’s defenses?” FRIDAY seems to have caught on faster than him, but Tony’s words feel caught somewhere in his throat.
They’re on a jet heading to Scotland of all places. They being him and Natasha, while Vision is off to start on his side of the plan.
After their short talk, Sam leaves to go sit next to a slumbering Steve, and Tony eventually dozes off with one thing on his mind.
Tony downs the rest of his glass and sends up a silent prayer that this is all a fucked-up dream, before retiring to his bed to pass the hell out.
And god Steve means it, he wishes Tony could have been with them in Wakanda, meant it when he told Ross that Tony was their best defender, and they were weaker without him. Tony always had Steve’s full trust.
Blinking several times, his vision mostly clears and he sees one of Ross’ men out cold on the floor. His glasses are done for, as they cracked on the impact and are now pathetically tossed aside on the floor.
Steve shudders as the last of his orgasm passes, cuddling close to Tony, sharing another open mouthed kiss, “Thank you, Tony,” he whispers like Tony just gave him the greatest gift on earth.
That orange tentacle belongs to only one octopus, and she’s somehow tripled in size since Steve and Tony left her an hour ago.
The only sound coming from the top floor is the occasional footstep, most likely as soon as they open the door they’ll be bombarded with Ross’ men.
Every mission so far had been effortless, they were bound to have a bad one. Tony’s just upset he hadn’t been there to help out, maybe it would have been different.
It’s not how his usual quiet day’s off baking look like, but it’s the most memorable one he’s had in a while. Steve likes his routine, but having Tony there as his secret ingredient to always keep him on his toes and introduce him to the art of spontaneity and chaos, it makes all the time spent apart feel worth it.
Tony doesn’t tell Steve he’s only seen this done at the kickbacks Natasha has invited him to. That girl knows how to throw a party.
Ross had informed him that they’re going to need air support while trying to “negotiate” with the suspect. Tony knows negotiate means figuring out the best way to take him out swiftly and discreetly.
Tony has to stop himself from crunching the flimsy plastic of the phone in his hands from his tight grip.
He sighs, “Do you guys have a ride out of here?” He asks the question looking at Clint, because at least the archer is less pissed off from before.
Tony’s staring out the window, at the vast expanse of space they’re traveling through. There are bags under his eyes and his hair is sticking up in random sections, like he’d been running his hands through it and tugging at it for something to ground him.
She has a point, so Steve turns back to the spice cabinet to root around for the bottle of organic cinnamon hiding behind way too many containers of garlic salt. He unscrews the shiny metal lid, and dumps a tablespoon in to the flour, baking powder, and salt mixture waiting for him. The familiar spicy scent wafts up from the bowl when he whisks it all together, satisfied smile now fixed on his face instead of the earlier frown.
and Steve frowns with the effort to not immediately go back for more, as Tony pants with the same effort to hold back. “I’ll see you soon, Steve Rogers,” Tony says when he’s caught his breath, “I remember a promise to show off my robot kid to you.”
“C’mon Tony, you’re not fine, you’re shaking like a leaf,” Bucky says, wrapping an arm over Tony’s shoulder to bring him closer.
Steve continues to deep throat Tony, pulling back every now and then to catch his breath, before comfortably opening his throat back up to blow Tony's mind with each swallow. Eventually Tony’s entire body goes taut, stars flying across his vision as Steve sucks the orgasm right out of him.
It reminded him of the eerie quiet of the water after he had sacrificed himself all those years ago. It was all consuming and he wasn’t sure he’d ever understand what had gone wrong.
When Thor told him that he might have found a way to get answers, Steve didn’t expect them to come from a raccoon named Rocket, who claimed he’d kill Thanos himself with a determined look in his eye, one Steve knows only comes from a life ending loss.
Why would Steve go out of his way to risk getting arrested in Germany? There’s something he’s missing.
They split into two groups, Natasha, Bruce, and Thor are going to somewhere called Knowhere in the quinjet, and Steve, Tony, Nebula, and Rocket are going to Vormir.
, but the serious look on Tony’s face still makes his heart stop for a second. The idea of a life spent with Tony, laughing, and kissing, and spending the rest of forever in love. Steve’s more than okay with that.
It’s not entirely what he expects of Steve’s room. The bed is unmade and the sheets thrown back as if Steve had been in a hurry. Tony tries not to think about why. The air is still around him as he enters the room, his eyes immediately catching on a shelf in the corner holding a few frames. Pictures of Steve before the serum, of the Howling Commando’s, of…Steve and Bucky side by side goofy smiles on their faces. Tony turns away, ready to leave the room. He should have known this would just put him in a shit mood.
Also, moving around and trying to work out of his restraints kept his mind off of Ezekiel and Hammer. So, he wiggled his fingers and trashed against the chain, pulled to tear the leather cuffs and pushed on his toes to dislodge the chain from the hook. But it seemed that he was stuck firm and good.
"It's okay, baby, Daddy's here," Tony tries to soothe the toddler. She and Pepper had most likely had the greatest of views out to the battlezone from the floor-to-ceiling windows of the penthouse. It would have surprised Tony more if Rose wasn't so shaken.
"I'm just trying to be real here, Steve," Rhodey said, voice sounding irritated and strangled at the same time.
"You, you," Hammer was saying when Tony regained his focus, laughter still evident in his voice as he wagged his finger at Tony and stepped down a stair, "you haven't changed a bit, my friend. Still as mouthy as ever."
Steve calls urgently, crouching down and none too gently throwing the head alpha off of him. Clint is dragging the other alpha towards his goon partner who seems to have been knocked out earlier by Tony's blast. He watches as Clint begins securing the two together, allowing Steve to pull him up as he does.
"Only if you make this hard on me," Steve replies, and gently takes a hold of Tony's chin again. Then he swipes the pad over the small cut on the omega's cheek, making Tony scrunch up his nose at the unpleasant feeling and the sharp tang of disinfectant. "Almost done," Steve tells him, petting the side of Tony's neck slightly as he keeps cleaning the wound, probably not even noticing that he's comforting the omega.
The pin was laying on the edge of the tub, pushed up against the wall, forgotten by its previous owner and gone unnoticed by the person that had cleaned the room after them. And now it was Tony's way out of his cuffs. A stroke of luck, someone would call it. Tony didn't much care for luck, but right now he was grateful for whatever force in the universe that had conjured a bobby pin for him in that tiny, dirty old bathroom.
His lungs had stopped working at some point and he had to grip onto the chair, driving his nails into the wood until he felt a nail break. The pain made him gasp a breath in, and he blinked as he forced himself to focus.
"Hey," the alpha greets absently, going straight for the coffee that Tony had just brewed. Tony just hums into his own mug as he takes another sip. His eyes are glued to the tablet in his hand where he's looking over the last known location of his teammates on the map, for probably the millionth time. He switches to the email app when he hears Rick approach him behind his back.
"A leopard, sweet cheeks," he corrects her, and she parrots the correction with her earlier tone. They'd saved the big cats last and were going to head off to find some café next. They'd decided to have dinner at the tower, but Tony was aching for some caffeine and Barton had promised Rosie ice cream, earning a glare from the omega for his troubles. The beta had just grinned back without shame.
As soon as he did, Tony promptly crouched down and pulled open the sink cabinet. He eyed his options; there were metal parts he could remove by hand from the drain stopper, but delicate as they were, they were still too large to fit into the cuffs. He rifled through the rest of the cabinet next. It was empty, save for some toilet paper rolls and cheap hand soap. Nothing that he could really use.
Bates moved behind him and cut the zip ties with a pocket knife. After Tony's wrists were free, he lingered by his back. Tony tried not to be bothered by it.
"Come on! This way!" Tony yells as Clint and Steve start covering for them. Fortunately, the fire is coming only from one direction for the time being, but Tony wouldn't count on it to stay that way. "Stay close to the wall, keep your heads covered!"
"I need you to work with me here," Marco said as Tony panicked, arching and twisting against his hold. He was looming over Tony, suffocating him with no real effort, terrifying him just to prove a point. "I'm not that unreasonable, you gotta realize that. I just need you to cooperate with me for the duration of this trip, okay?"
"There should be some kiddie puzzles in that drawer over there," he says in between bites, pointing a finger towards the said drawer. Steve takes the hint and carries Rose over to the drawer, and takes out a block puzzle. Rose is particularly good with logical thinking (which, really isn't a surprise with her genes), and Tony likes to have her developing those skills from time to time.
Together they get Rose washed up, changed and ready for bed, and Tony reads her a short story like he usually does before tucking her in.
They entered the room cautiously; it was dim and spacious, with plastic sheets hanging off of the ceiling. It created an ominous feel to the room, and Steve glanced at Rhodey again as they entered. Rhodey replied to his look with a grimace, his face somewhat blanched.
Tony had to bite the inside of his cheek to keep the impact of Ezekiel's words from showing on his face. He couldn't stop thinking about the footage that Ross had shown them a few years ago; of people running in panic, of them crying, huddling together in a hiding spot. Footage of people lying down on stretchers, or in the midst of rubble, unnaturally still. Of children, lying dead on the ground.
his Father continues, all but screaming as he slams the newspaper he'd still been gripping in his hand against the wood of the dining table. The slap echoes in the room harshly, and Tony has to catch himself before flinching again, not wanting to be more of a disappointment.
For some reason, those words rip through Tony like claws and the omega has to push his hands into his pockets so that he doesn't clutch them around his midsection protectively.
She looks uncharacteristically still for a moment, before clumsily turning the paper over for Tony to see. Drawn with an uneven outline and colored messily, but with obvious precision, is a picture of two human-shaped figures standing outside, the other dressed in a blue full-body suit, and the other, the smaller figure, in an orange dress. The blue-clad figure is holding a round object with red circles and a star drawn on it, and the two figures are holding hands and smiling while bright yellow sun shines over them in the sky. Tony's heart almost stops beating as he lays his eyes on the picture.
The five of them were the only Avengers in the living room, although they weren't the only ones enlisted in the initiative, or who would be involved in getting Tony back.
Rick is 22 when he becomes the CEO of Stark Industries, and Tony is 21 when he becomes the company's Advisor. Even though they disagree all the time, and even though every time Tony speaks his mind in a board meeting Rick beats him for it at home, they manage to run the company excellently, succeeding in expanding the Industries and multiplying their revenue. Obie helps them out a lot, as he's still working with the SI, and Tony's grateful for the years of experience he offers.
And so they did, walking close to one another, Rhodey's weapons at the ready and Steve's shield on his arm, despite the fact that the building had been declared empty just some fifteen minutes ago. Steve supposed being too careful couldn't hurt.
"Daddy was being careless and had a little accident, that's all. But it's okay now, honey." Even without looking, he can tell that Steve is watching their interaction with a sad expression, and he tries his best to ignore the alpha.
He's been there for well over four hours when he notices the first signs of Steve finally waking up. His hand twitches and his breath stutters. Tony is on his feet in an instant.
"Of course, Rosie," Rogers replies, already scooping scrambled eggs on a plate with half a toast already on it. Tony grabs a banana from the nearby fruit basket and begins pealing. When Rogers deposits Rose's plate before her, exchanging a 'here you go' and a 'thank you' with her, Tony asks for a knife and a bowl. Steve hands him the items and Tony slices half of the banana into the small bowl, pushing it towards his daughter, and finishing off the rest himself.
"Good afternoon," he greets the occupants in the room pleasantly, on hand on the doorknob and the other holding a book. Tony eyes it with some suspicion; It's not that seeing Rick with a book in hand is something unusual, but him bringing one into a hospital room certainly is.
he gasped out, tears leaking out from the corners of his eyes at the admission. "My fault," he repeated, breath hitching.
Tony doesn't even argue. "Yeah," he breathes out, and is secretly grateful for the hand that steadies him when he starts tilting to one side.
The man standing before him was tall and bald, and eerily reminiscent of Obadiah Stane. But now that Tony looked at him again, he could tell that it was only that,
The wooden double doors to the dining room opened and Tony twisted in his seat to see. A man stepped over the threshold and turned to face the table Tony and Hammer were seated at. Upon seeing his face, Tony froze up.
"Rose will be disappointed. I know she's still not past that princess phase which requires everyone to look like they're out of a Disney movie if the situation so demands." He tips his head towards the table. "I think a luxurious event like this is precisely one of those situations."
I'm not gonna promise another update soon or even soon-ish, because honestly my life doesn't seem to work out like that, but I hope you enjoy this update in the meanwhile. I'll be updating 'Feel me bleed' next, and then I'll try to look over my other WIPs and decide what I want to do with them.
thank you so much for reading and understanding! i'm really dissatisfied with ch 6, but i felt like i needed to update, also maybe you guys won't be as critical of it as i am. i hope you enjoy! :)
"You're welcome, Rose," he says back and pulls out a phone from his chest pocket to occupy himself with. It's only around 8 PM, so he and Tony will be continuing to sit and talk, and Tony's already convinced that he won't be enjoying it.
"Okay...." Rose answers him slowly, turning her eyes from her Daddy to Rogers. "Can I have some breakfast, please?" she asks sweetly, even adding a flutter of her lashes as a final touch to her request.
Rose looks thoughtful for a moment. "Will it help if I give it a kiss?" she asks. Tony smiles down at her.
"Sarah," he repeated, "Go back to the hall and find Ms. Potts. Tell her what you just told me. She'll help you and your daughter."
"Stand him up," Ezekiel was saying and Bates was quick to grab Tony by his upper arms, pulling him up and angling his hands towards the ceiling. Tony noticed a hook screwed to the pole, high above his head.
"Well, I don't want to have dinner with Hammer, so," he said indignantly, not very surprised when Bates took a hold of his arms and pulled him up into a sitting position. He groaned and swayed as dizziness took over.
So obviously, the PR wasn't always good, but it could've always been a lot worse. To the public, his little stunts that got featured in the media were just endearing, and soon he would settle with the mating bite from his alpha. It made him want to rip his hair out.
Ezekiel seemed to be ignoring Hammer, which was all good in Tony's book. As Bates served the two of them their food, Dina came back with a glass and a plate in her hands. She crouched delicately, mindful of her pencil skirt, and placed the dishes on the floor in front of Tony. She met Tony's gaze as she did; her eyes were dark and wide, and she seemed nervous about something. Tony raised his eyebrow at her discreetly, but she pursed her lips at him. A clear 'Not now' if Tony had ever seen one.
"Do you love him?" Ezekiel asked levelly, forcing Tony to focus on him. Tony stared back at him, all words dying on his tongue. Ezekiel shook him with the hand knotted in his hair. "Do you?"
"One of your designs, as I'm sure you can tell," he said, and continued to explain, "My father left me with a small quantity of your most controversial weapons. True works of art, I'll admit." He caressed the surface of the baton. "My talents always lay more in biological warfare, although I never managed to quite make a name for myself. Not like you, anyway."
"That wasn't our intention," Tony said, forcing his voice to stay steady despite the enormous guilt crushing him with its weight. He tried to push the memories down, but they kept on surging right up to the front of his mind.
Tony just smiles and doesn't bother correcting Rogers. Let him have his beliefs that Tony's marriage is a happy and a consensual one. Also, he feels a little dizzy with warmth because Rogers had just called him 'Tony' instead of 'Stark', and he doesn't want to ruin the moment.
"Daddy! Steve! Look!" Rose shrieks, running towards them with something in her hands. Barton jogs after her. "This is for you," she says, handing Tony a rock, "and this is for you!" she continues, giving Rogers one of his own. The confusion on the captain's face is priceless.
He threw Tony against the pole and pulled a sturdy carabiner out of his pocket. He grabbed onto the cuff with the chain again, pulling it back so Tony was forced with his back to the pole, and held Tony's arms in position once he had them where he wanted. Tony tried to twist around as the carabiner was attached to the D-rings, binding his hands much closer together than the chain had.
There had been five of them. It wasn't that much, not by Avenger standards at least. He'd faced against worse odds and come out on top. This time it was different, however.
The bodyguard had walked over to a table by the wall and was returning now with a brown paper bag. She crouched before Tony and pulled out a sturdy-looking leather cuff from the bag.
"No, he isn't. You see, I'm an omega, he's an alpha, and we are legally married and mated. He basically owns me and all of my property. It's only because of that agreement that I own 30% of the company, fully without his jurisdiction."
"I have some tech that prevents anyone from tracking or detecting us," Nebula interjected, eyeing Steve and Rhodey a little coolly. Steve noticed her stare was mostly focused on him, as if he was worth more scorn. He met her gaze with equal frost.
, was what Becker was, Tony realized. And not the sexy kind, but the kind that would inflict pain and fear and revel in it, regardless of whether he had consent or not. Regardless of whether the one he was hurting was even enjoying themselves. Tony supposed the thought of an unwilling victim might even turn him on, what with the way the man was currently panting.
Before he could do anything however, Ezekiel was there. He kicked him twice; first to move him, then to force his breath out of him, his foot coming into contact with Tony's diaphragm. He wheezed and gasped, unable to do much else as he watched Ezekiel march over to the table and return with a cane.
"Is it Spidey?" Rhodey asked, appearing beside Steve, his shoulder light illuminating the red-and-blue-clad Avenger. "Why are you here?"
He felt another burst of pain, down in the leg which the woman was leaning over. For a horrifying moment the pain intensified and Tony understood. He
It didn't work, of course; Tony had barely finished speaking when Becker was already halfway across the room. He knelt before Tony, harshly grabbing him by the face and pulling him away from the bed, so that his arms were pulled straight towards the bed leg and he had no choice but to rest his weight on Becker's grasp.
Rick's hand shoots up to curl around Tony's upper arm and he pushes Tony tighter up against the table. Okay, obviously the wrong thing to say.
he thought. As if this was the first time Tony'd been kidnapped off of a gala or a fundraiser or some other event, then thrown into the back of a getaway car in the dark of the night. Yeah, right. Tony ate this stuff for breakfast.
When they're done eating, Tony gets Rose to help him clear the table and commands Rogers to pick a wine bottle from the cabinet. He grabs two glasses and heads to the living room with the alpha following hot on his heels. Rose is already off to her room to find something new to play with.
He didn't know much, but he gave up all the names he did. His friend Ed Adams, whom he had introduced to the whole criminal business. His boss Bates, to whom he had worked for previously. Two men he had met that night, Marco and Becker, who had been responsible for delivering Tony to wherever he had been wanted. Two drivers, a man and a woman, whose names he didn't know. The doctor, whom he had been tasked with paying.
"Get a hold of yourself, Stark," Bates told him, his voice low and cold, but Tony clung to the words anyway.
"I'm sure she did it," he told him, eyes trained on the doctor. The door to the interrogation room opened and closed as Natasha stepped in. Steve nodded at him.
When they began descending the stairs that led down to the lobby, Tony could make out Ezekiel's deep and impassive voice, discussing something with Hammer below them. His feet stopped working and Bates had to push him to get them moving again, but even then he managed only one step down.
Finally, Rosie is all packed up, and Tony helps her tie her shoelaces when they switch from the soft inside shoes to actual ones. They say bye bye to the teacher and make their way to Tony's sports car, which is parked in the private lot of the school. Tony buckles his daughter in, and only then does he fully take notice of the drawing clutched in the girl's tiny fist.
Steve moans into Tony’s mouth, “God, you’re perfect Tony,” he says sweetly, reaching down to wrap a hand around himself, stroking at an impossibly fast pace, watching Tony lay back against the counter, a heated look in his eyes, waiting for Steve to fulfill his promise.
“Point me the other way if I’m heading in the wrong direction here, Steve,” Tony whispers, raising ever so slightly on his tip-toes to put their faces on the same level, lips so close to brushing, but he pauses just before. His soft breath hits Steve’s cheek and Steve decides then to kick that insecurity from seconds ago out of his mind as he connects Tony’s lips to his own.
“Alright Bucky, I’m going to take these pants off you, it might hurt, so Steve here is going to sit up there and let you look into those blue eyes of his and you can get lost in them,” Tony jokes and jerks his head at Steve so he’ll take a place on the bed beside Bucky’s head.
, even when he was screaming the opposite, red faced and teary eyed. He didn’t make the prettiest picture but there Steve still stood, ready to deal with anything Tony needed him to.
Steve groans as he remembers his art final and the portfolio on anatomy that’s haunting him back at his apartment.
Tony finds the door to the stairwell and peeks his head in before deeming it empty, “No, wait for my signal, Widow I’m at the stairs, your location?”
The man he thought was Steve, is now definitely Steve as he turns and catches Tony’s still form. Tony can see that he has Sam with him, both dressed in casual clothes, much different from the last time he saw either of them.
Tony was expecting to find some contraband weapons, maybe a pair of dark leather tights, but as he and Steve pile their stash on the bed, he’s shocked to say the least.
There are tears pricking at the corners of his eyes, and Steve’s laughing as he smacks Tony on the back, helping nothing, the bastard.
Tony wishes he could say he doesn’t dive-bomb onto the phone when he hears the ping of a text message. But well, fuck it, he’ll have FRIDAY delete all evidence later.
They’re traveling as fast as possible back to earth, already alerted the rest of the team of their discovery, and Steve is able to maybe see the light at the end of this.
Tony snatches it out Steve’s grasp and rips it open, causing both of them to laugh at the mini explosion of them onto the bed.
Steve is sneakily trying to give her more treats than necessary and Tony lets him slip her two more before cutting him off for the day, “Don’t spoil her now, we want to keep her humble,” he says.
It’s a week later and Steve’s just tied his apron around his waist when he hears the padding of bare feet coming from behind him.
Tony sends off the completed email to her, and gets ready to pull up schematics for the newest Quinjet he’ll be building, when he hears the ring indicating he’s getting a call.
Tony now equipped with a stun baton pried from one of the soldier’s belts, they all stand poised in front of the 6
Tony turns his head to Steve who just shakes his head with a grimace. Tony takes in a steadying breath and quietly says to Steve, “There’s a first aid kit in the trunk of the car, go grab it and I’ll get him to lay down.”
“He told me he’d gotten bored with it a while ago and I just assumed he’d thrown it out but…” Steve pauses, assessing the sheer amount of paraphernalia they dug up, “I guess not.”
As they step out of the quinjet, the only sound to be heard is the crackling of the flames engulfing various areas of the planet.
Tony is trying to put as much disinterest in his voice as he can, here’s hoping Steve can take a hint.
They hit the end of the trail eventually, and they pause to stare out at the dark water, shimmering in front of them.
Steve’s shield was propped up behind the half ajar door against the wall. Placed purposefully so if you just peeked in, you’d completely miss it.
Red Skull floats back into the darkness and towards a cliff’s edge, "I have been banished here, cursed by my greed to forever be the guardian of the stone, but never possess it myself."
Steve’s own movements feel harsh and clumsy in comparison to his at first, but the song’s beat picks up and they get into a good flow, dancing closely, not quite touching but nearly. Steve’s breathless and there’s a sheen of sweat over everyone in the room, but his new partner doesn’t seem to mind.
“Let’s get you over to the bed Bucky, so I can take a look at where all of that blood that’s not yours is coming from,” Tony says. He helps Bucky back onto his feet, ignoring the painful hiss Bucky makes as he sets both feet on the floor and they make their way to the bed.
Sometimes things boil up, sizzling—popping water over the burning hot surface of his life. But right here, the constant
Steve makes a tutting noise and squeezes Tony’s hand, “We told you to stay Tony, and it’s nobody’s fault but those agents that Bucky got hurt, we would have never not checked in either, that one is my fault for being so clumsy with my phone, we’re sorry you were so worried, we love you Tony,” Steve replies.
“Yeah doll, we don’t blame you at all, Steve’s a mess with his electronics, and I’m alright now, barely any pain left ‘cause you’ve taken care of me so well, where would we be without you, huh?” Bucky adds on, rubbing his hand up and down Tony’s arm in a comforting motion.
He and Natasha have been through a lot, she’s the one he’s known the longest, after Rhodey. Who knew you can grow close to a person, while dying from Palladium poisoning.
Red Skull is quiet for a moment, seeming to decide the best way to explain this, “The stone requires a sacrifice, a soul for a soul,…she was his.” And when he looks down at the bottom of the cliff, Steve catches on to what Thanos did here quickly.
Now that they’re both squared away Tony makes his way back into the room, “I’m gonna order some food, be right back,” Tony yells to them both, before sitting back down onto the bed.
“I’m glad you were here Tony, it really helped me have the strength to drag Bucky all the way over knowing that you were waiting for us,” Steve says.
Tony’s expected Ross to have this go down in some abandoned castle looking type place, isn’t that the go-to secret mission location? But, he and Natasha are in casual clothes a few blocks away from a seemingly ordinary office building that’s 6 floors high. Sign number one that this was going to be difficult.
"The big guy with the beard?" Hammer asked, cutting into the hash browns on his plate with his cutlery. He popped a piece into his mouth before continuing, "I thought we agreed on not getting too over-eager with the goods, yes?"
In an attempt to distract himself from his spiraling thoughts — since wondering about his designs wouldn't do any good regarding his current situation — he made himself look over the men's features in the van with him, searing them into his memory. Their faces weren't covered, which might have worried Tony were he new to the whole kidnapping scene, but alas, it alone didn't frighten him all that much. Well, not as much as the implications of the men possessing his old tech. Now
"What happened?" Tony asks, finally properly looking at the archer. Clint shrugs and breathes languidly in before replying,
Tony jolts at the greeting, not having heard anyone entering the kitchen. It's around 4:30 AM and Tony had just emerged from his workshop to get some coffee from the common floor kitchen. Him and Rick were out of coffee grounds, as it was.
"What do you want?" he asked. His pride had held him back earlier, but now, after the beating Ezekiel had dealt him, and after the harsh words and accusations, he felt raw enough. Raw, like an exposed nerve.
Ezekiel nodded, seemingly satisfied. "Yes, it was," he agreed, and Tony couldn't look at him anymore. He couldn't bear facing the guilt that had been suffocating him for all these months. For all these years.
"Should've brought a sketchbook," Rogers ponders out loud, sounding a little disappointed. He keeps eyeing from Rose on Barton's shoulders to the snow leopards, even to Tony from time to time.
like a normal person." He says 'omega' with such scorn that he feels bad himself. Rick grasps his jaw harshly, gripping it with bruising strength. He's stronger than Tony, being bigger and being an alpha in general, and they both know it.
Steve gritted his teeth again, trying to swallow down the ill feeling he felt when Natasha cut Dr. Miller again and she let out a strangled scream. She hit her, and Steve could tell that Spider-Man had just flinched back.
, had guaranteed world peace when you denied your tech from the government. And look were that led us."
After Tony's sacrifice play, his and Rogers' relations warm up immediately. Tony doesn't know why, but seeing the Captain knelt next to him, laughing at his slightly incoherent rambling as he lies on the concrete after Hulk had caught him, makes something uncoil deep in his stomach. He's relieved.
"No, we'll be going with just the three of us. It's supposed to be a covert mission." He raises his head to look at Tony again. "I don't know how long we'll be gone. Probably for at least a couple months. We need to do some digging and then jumping from base to base."
"Aye, I shall travel to see my dear Lady Jane," Thor answers brightly. The scientist seems to be one of the only things in whole wide universe that come before the blonde's love for Pop-Tarts.
For some reason, it gave Hammer pause. "Yes," he replied and his tone was vague enough to cause Tony stress about what was to come.
He kept his eyes locked on his Father, the Alpha of the house, waiting for his reaction and hoping against hope that his gender wouldn't be an issue. That, of course, was futile. He flinches when Howard's coffee cup and empty breakfast plate are swept to the floor in an all too familiar gesture of anger. Only that now it's a hundred times more worse.
I just realised that I messed up some timelines in chapter 2 *author is cowering in a corner with tears of frustration glistening in her eyes*
When Ezekiel finally turned his face back to look at him, however, eyes filled with hate again, Tony doubted that was the case. His hands had begun shaking again and he admonished himself silently for the fact.
He peeks up and fires his other gauntlet at the goons, then pauses to watch as the JARVIS-piloted Iron Man armor tackles at least a third of them to the concrete floor.
His voice cracks at the end of his sentence, and he pants, eyes trained hard on Steve. A tremble wracks through his tight fist.
Marco stood up and walked over to the other side of the room. Tony watched as he sat down into an armchair and pulled out his phone, fingers moving like he was typing.
Rick spun him around as he continued stripping Tony, not satisfied until the omega was completely bare before him.
Whatever. Tony was trying to pick his battles and he was glad to get away from Hammer anyway, thank you very much. He made sure to send one last frosty glare in the man's way as Bates walked him out of the room.
The thought douses him with cold water, and he shakes Steve's hand away, pushing farther away from the blonde and the hurt look on his face.
"Thanks, Steve," he says and smiles a small smile at Rogers' back. The alpha turns and is about to say something (probably, 'you're welcome, Tony') when JARVIS interrupts him.
The next day he returns to the medical facility with Pepper in tow, having dropped Rosie off at the preschool again. He watches with raised eyebrows as the beta rushes to Natasha's cot and practically throws herself at the assassin, whom returns the embrace with as much passion.
, dipshit," Tony interrupted, pressing the gun tightly to the back of Marco's head. He turned back to Becker. "You," he said, "If you want to make sure your buddy here remains in the land of the living, you better click the safety on on that gun and slide it over. Do
"That's a nice-looking spaceship," Rogers tells her and she flashes him a bright smile. She turns her head towards her Daddy.
Hammer's brow twitched and Tony knew he'd hit a nerve. He composed himself quickly, nevertheless, laughing softly and carding a hand through his hair. "Oh, Anthony. Still the kidder."
"That's a very pretty snow leopard you've got there, Rosie," he hears the alpha tell his kid. Rose beams at him.
The toddler lets out a pitiful sniffling noise and finally abstracts herself from where she'd been furiously rubbing her face against Steve's neck. "Yeah," she croaks and hands Steve the drawing, now even more crumbled than earlier, with what being squished between one toddler and one grown-ass man. It's the same one that she'd drawn at preschool on her second day, and Tony almost dreads looking at it, as if fearing it would be littered with her and his dried teardrops from their meltdown.
"Maybe I can try to substitute Daddy, hm?" Natasha asks, since Rosie's grown rather fond of her during these last weeks, last months even, and crouches near the toddler again. "Daddy doesn't know how to do it right anyway." Rosie accepts her offer, if a little begrudgingly, and Tony shoots a grateful look in the alpha's direction. She just nods back at him.
That evening he was selfish, spending twice the time he usually spent in putting Rosie to bed, just so that he wouldn't have to be alone for a little while longer.
Tony's pregnancy is hard. It's full of complications, like severe nausea, abdominal pains and extreme crankiness. He's weak and he can't eat, everything aches and Rick's being a dick. But at least he isn't hitting Tony, and even seems to be avoiding yelling at him, which is a big plus in Tony's book.
By the time they reached the end of the stairs, Ezekiel and Hammer had stopped talking. They stood there, a polite space between them, and turned their heads to look at Tony and Bates as they appeared in their line of sight. Behind Ezekiel stood the same two women that had stood behind him yesterday, and by the front door lingered Marco and Becker. Marco had a backpack slung over one of his shoulders, but Tony couldn't spare more time to study them, since his eyes flew to Ezekiel at the sound of his voice,
Tony sighed. "Well, whatever it is, I'm not helping him with it, and that's all I'm gonna say about it."
So, the moment the alpha makes to grab him, Tony delivers a sharp kick to her forearm, aligning himself with her chest. He spits in her face when one of her hands finds the fabric of his under armor shirt and blasts her against the wall with the unibeam. She's unconscious the moment her head collides with the wall.
Steve sighs and cards his fingers through his short hair. Tony looks ruefully at the man and the pained expression on his face. He doesn't know how to comfort him.
They would need the woman to talk, and they needed her to do it now. Steve was painfully aware that with every passing second the trail that led to Tony was growing colder, their chances of getting him back, in one piece
"Oh, friends? They as cute as you?" she went on, regardless, flashing her white teeth at him. Tony furrowed his brow at her.
he asks, unbelieving, as he frowns at the young man standing near Chester Darrow's armchair. He hasn't talked to Rick, the second-born of Chester Darrow's children, in years, not since the other boy admitted to not wanting to hang out with omega kids when Tony'd been twelve, almost thirteen. His then best friend, Richard Darrow, had then been thirteen and half years, born in the fall unlike Tony, already making new friends and mingling with fellow alphas in the alpha studies.
The table looks amazing, set with the finest china they own, a stark white tablecloth, a few candles and even a stunning bouquet that consists of roses, lilies, carnations, lisianthuses and irises. A beta waitress who's just in the process of straightening the utensils flanking one of the three plates on the table nods at him respectfully, before continuing on her task.
"That, I wonder also," Tony tells him absently, not caring whether Rogers had been expecting a reply or not. They stand in the silent kitchen for a while.
, shriek. Tony couldn't twist to see, all he saw was Beard's back and the asphalt, but he could hear his security chasing them down the alley.
"She say anything yet?" she asked, nodding at Nebula in greeting as she walked over, stopping to stand by Steve's other side.
Soon after his third refill, Ezekiel motioned for Bates to escort him out. He was allowed to walk, but he had to lean heavily on Bates to stay upright.
Their fight escalates all the way until they are baiting each other for a brawl, Rogers insisting he put on the suit, but they are stopped by the helicarrier suddenly lurching downwards. Tony's and Rogers' eyes lock in the dim glare of the red emergency lighting.
Tony looked into Ezekiel's eyes and saw the deep sorrow for his wife as well as the burning rage for him. It was overwhelming.
At the bottom of the contract were the signatures of Howard Stark and Chester Darrow, as well as the date the contract had been signed on. Which was today, just for the record.
"No," he protested, but Becker pulled out two zip ties anyway. He tightened them around Tony's wrists in the form of handcuffs, securing then tightly behind his back. Tony hissed at the rough treatment.
He set down his fork and reached for the wine, taking a swig before daring to say anything. "You needed me for what?" he asked finally.
The omega twists around between his alpha and the kitchen counter, turning to face Rick. The alpha's eyes look tired, he's sporting a slight stubble on his usually clean-shaven jaw and his tie is crooked. Tony extends his hands to unfasten it, leaving it dangling open from both sides of Rick's neck. "How was the trip?"
"When have you cared about schedules?" Bruce interrupts him, shaking his head. "Come on, let's go upstairs before Steve comes down and drags us both up there."
"We'll find him," Sam said, before he could say anything. Steve glanced at the other man. Sam seemed somber, but resolute. Next to him, Bucky nodded as if he concurred. Steve watched them for a moment, then glanced at Nat and Bruce, and finally allowed a small smile to curve his lips.
"We'll go tomorrow, Rose," Tony placates her as he scoops her up from her chair. "Now, say 'thank you' for the amazing meal."
"It's this little shit's fault!" Becker said, shaking Tony with the hand over his mouth. Tony glared up at him.
"That's not—" he was cut off by a hand closing around his windpipe, Ezekiel appearing back in his line of sight.
Ezekiel struck him on his left shoulder again, keeping his other hand tightly fisted in Tony's hair, so that it was impossible for him to flinch away from the man. Tony squeezed his eyes shut.
They had driven for a few minutes, Tony seething and sweating in his tuxedo, the vehicle taking crazy turns and disturbing the general New York traffic, when their driver seemed to calm down at least, slowing down into a more tolerable speed. Back Pain seemed to take that as his cue, pulling out a handheld LED light from the space between the narrow bench that he sat on and the wall separating the driver's side of the van. He clicked it on, illuminating the cramped space with white light.
"Glad you're feeling good enough to complain," he says and it's truly a talent how the alpha can roll her eyes so noticeably with her eyes still closed.
Perhaps fifteen minutes after Bates had secured him to the pillar with the nylon ropes again, the door to the basement opened, causing Tony to jerk out of his fitful dozing. He looked in the direction of it, glaring tiredly and hoping against hope that it wasn't Ezekiel — he really couldn't handle any more of the guy, at least for the day.
"Well?" Hammer said, crossing his arms over his chest and smiling proudly down at Tony. Tony did his best to let his glare translate exactly what he thought of the man.
The alpha smiles at him and Tony suddenly feels a little cold. "It wouldn't do good to spill the beans too early, now would it?"
A noise. Car doors opening and closing, was what Tony thought it was. He turned his head, trying to pry his eyes open and wake himself up.
smile, and dusts imaginary dirt off of Rick's chest. He's still mad, and the alpha frowns down at him, most definitely noticing his mate's sour mood.
"Thanks, cap," the engineer replies and ducks into the elevator before anyone can stop him and ask him whether he's okay or some other shit.
Tony doesn't usually appreciate it when an alpha offers to help him. It makes him bristle, bringing up memories from his behavioral camps about avoiding being that helpless omega at all costs. It also makes him feel weak, as if getting help meant that he wasn't good enough as it was. But when it comes to Rose, he's willing to swallow his pride. Also, Rogers hasn't given off the impression of being one of those arrogant and patronizing alphas Tony's had a little too much experience in dealing with.
The woman, Dr. Ann Miller, smiled sweetly — it unnerved Steve, but also made his blood boil. They didn't have time for her mind games.
Alpha or not, Rhodey didn't once take advantage of Tony during his heat, even with the dorm room's air thick with pheromones and with Tony's skin hot and glistening with sweat. Not even when Tony pleaded him or clung to him. No, not Rhodey. He just sat there, talked him through it, carding soothing fingers through his hair, wiping sweat from his brow with a wet rag and helping him eat in his moments of clarity. Then comforting him afterwards, when Tony was clear-headed enough to feel shaken and embarrassed for the whole ordeal. And not once after did the alpha mock Tony for his behavior during those three days.
"You forget that I knew you when we were barely teens, Stark," Ezekiel drawled. "Of course I remember your infatuation with Captain America. It was borderline embarrassing."
With Marco's back turned to them, Becker focused back on Tony. His grip on his wrists tightened. Tony's breath stuttered and he fought against the urge to groan in pain. He didn't want to give Becker the satisfaction. "You play nice, now, or you won't like what comes next."
The three of them drag the agents into the nearest available room, and continue slowly down, all the way through check point two, to their check point three. Natasha and Thor have also cleared their way to their last check point by then, and are waiting now for the permission to start extracting the prisoners.
"Guys," he said, his finger eagerly raising to point upwards. Steve and Natasha crowded near him. His mouth quirked into a crooked smirk. "Smile, you're on camera," he continued, eyes trained hard on the street surveillance camera pointed in their direction.
They were quick to shut up however, when Boss suddenly grabbed Tony by his hair, the rapid and harsh movement going against his earlier bored drawl and slow hands. He tugged his head roughly to one side, so that the right side of his neck and his ear were vulnerable and exposed. Boss then pressed close, his cheek against Tony's and his mouth intimately close to his right ear. Tony squirmed and grunted at him, but his grip only hardened, turning to steel and prompting Tony to cease his struggling.
"I'm gonna let you in on a little secret," Boss whispered, his breath hot against the shell of Tony's ear. He shuddered and Boss pulled him closer. "I," he paused to breathe in deeply, "don't like smartasses. And I've got a temper. So, if I were you, I would control that quick mouth of yours every time I'm around. And you'll be seeing me a lot for the rest of your miserable life, so you really should stop with the sassing and start with the listening. For your own sake."
Hammer was about to open his mouth, but shut it when they heard a car roll into the yard. Tony felt confused as he watched Hammer smiling and picking up his flute of champagne again, taking a sip. His smile was unnerving and Tony tried to peek out of the window that opened up to the front of the house. It was on the other side of the room, so he couldn't see who had just driven to the yard, but he could now hear two sets of footsteps moving closer to the front door.
In the end, all he did was grasp his left fist in his right, squeezing tightly until the joints protested against the pressure. He swallowed and looked for an answer.
ed. He changed their position, pushing Tony onto his back against the floor and trapping his arms between their chests. He quickly brought his hands in, sinewy forearms pressing against Tony's upper body, locking his bound hands in place. Tony bucked against him, but couldn't evade him as one of his hands moved to pinch Tony's nose shut and the other covered his mouth. Tony growled against his palm, feet kicking uselessly against the carpeted floor.
Unfortunately, it wasn't very much; Becker's hand stayed, fingers tightly coiled around Tony's ankle, merely rocking with his kick and guiding it to the side instead of his crotch. A dark look appeared on his face.
It stung, but Tony knew it wasn't true. Pepper did love him, despite their break-up. Rhodey had told him he loved him on several occasions. His mother had told him she loved him.
Rick had been furious, as expected, and beat him black and blue where the bruises could be covered, then brutally had his way with him in the privacy of their bedroom. It was a sickening cocktail of fury, lust and instinct driven concern for his mate's well-being, and Tony hoped he'd never have to repeat it again.
"For the time being," Steve adds before Tony can continue. His eyes hold a certain heat to them and it shuts Tony right up.
He woke up on an examination table with no idea how much time had passed. Disoriented, his muscles tensed and he made to move his hands to push himself up, but they stopped somewhere around his hips, accompanied by an abrupt snapping sound. He looked down at them, not surprised when he found restraints circling his wrists and ankles, securing his hands and legs to the table.
"Then," Steve says, tentatively reaching out, "we'll figure this out," he finishes, and it sounds like a promise, so Tony let's himself lean against the alpha's strong shoulder. Arms fold around his back and he's being embraced and scented and it's probably the happiest he's been since his teammates were found alive and mostly unharmed, even if the moment is tainted with bittersweetness and guilt.
Jim shrugged a little, as much as the rigid armor would allow. "As good as you can expect, I presume." He paused for a moment.
They had talked to the people staying in neighboring rooms and learned that there had been some ruckus early in the morning. Someone had heard a man screaming, but that was the extent of it. It didn't seem like anything apart from the norm for that particular motel. Rhodey had suppressed a shudder at that, and Steve had had to walk out of the room.
He raised the baton and hit Tony in the ribs with it. "Selfish!" he said as the metal connected with Tony's skin, and Tony cried out at the intensity of the pain.
But even Tony's security wasn't going to cut it this time, because just then a car screeched into a stop by the end of the alley. He caught a glimpse of it once they were close enough; it was a black van.
"Don't touch me!" he spat, wrenching away from under Bates' hands, grasping for some measure of control over the situation. Bates let him, stepping away from the chair altogether.
"Yes, she is," he simply replies with a smirk at the teacher. "Okay now, kiddo, gather your stuff and we'll get going."
"Rick," Tony warns, glaring at his husband as he ducks his head to scent along Tony's neck. "Cut the crap. I sat down with you, acted nice and talked even though I'm still pissed at you, so you can stop with the alpha posturing shit right away." He pushes at Rick's shoulders. "I'm tired, let me go to sleep."
"Go ahead," he signals to JARVIS then, and can hear an audio feed turning on with the slightest static at the beginning. "I'm alone, who's this?" he says in one breath, moving towards his bedstand to pick up the tablet laid there, so that his hands have something to fiddle with.
Steve was supposed to let out a startled laugh, eyes sparkling as he showed his own hand, but to Tony's surprise, he spoke again,
But, Rose came before everything to Tony. Of course Rick would learn to exploit that. Thus, with an angry and a little too shaky inhale for his liking, Tony yanked the golden chain from Rick's awaiting hand. He tried to clip it closed around his neck, but his hands were shaking too much from anger, frustration and the full-body sobs that he was trying his hardest to prevent from happening in front of his husband. Rick gently turns Tony around and finishes fastening the necklace.
It was obvious to Steve that the man was a scapegoat; he knew hardly anything of the kidnapping, apart from what had been his job to do, yet he would be the first one fingers would be pointed to. The names he had given, all except for Ed Adams, would most likely lead to nowhere, since they were only halves of names, and Steve supposed some of them could be pseudonyms.
Tony's automatic response was to jerk out of Bates' hold, but it seemed to be expected, since the other man easily maneuvered him towards the stairs anyway. He struggled as Bates walked him down to the basement, but his hands were still cuffed and he was as weak as a kitten, with the pain and hunger and dehydration, so he didn't seem to offer that big of a resistance to the other man.
Please, review the tags and warnings if you are sensitive to these sorts of things, there's gonna be one graphic scene this time around. Hit me up at tumblr or in the comments if you aren't comfortable with reading it and you need a summary of the chapter instead.
Hammer sighed like it was but a bother to him. To Tony, it felt like being dosed with icy water. His mind raced to Ezekiel, and the previous afternoon he had spent with him. To the beating the other man had dealt, as well as to himself, lying pathetically on the floor and crying, of all things. The memory made him go hot with shame, all the while icy dread flooded his veins.
"This is what I found where FRIDAY last had a location. It was at the nearby train yard. There were car tracks around, so my theory is they regrouped there and switched cars."
Perhaps Beard had malignant narcissism as well as anger issues. Tony would know; people told him all the time that he was a narcissist.
"Big man in a suit of armor. Take that away and what are you?" he taunts Tony, circling him like he's prey, seemingly attempting to remind Tony that he's an alpha and Tony's an omega, trying to coax him into submission. But Tony's never been good with that. He didn't submit to Rick all those years ago, still hasn't, and he will for sure
Steve met his gaze head on. "You're saying the kidnappers would've had to know about the trackers and how to disable them."
Tony snaps back to reality when he feels eyes on him. He catches Natasha watching him thoughtfully. Her face is a perfect imitation of a marble statue, and somehow it makes Tony think that she knows what's really going on. And he wouldn't be surprised, because the alpha is sharper than a razor blade and observant as hell. But he also trusts Natasha to understand and leave the matter be. She holds his gaze for a moment before lowering her eyes to her tea. Yeah, Tony could trust her to keep it quiet.
"What about you?" Rogers seems to have recovered from his slip-up. Tony turns to look at the blonde again. "I mean, how are you doing with your mate gone so often?"
"What's that?" he asks, gesturing towards the paper. Rosie seems a little distracted by the fabric of her new uniform (a soft, navy blue one piece dress with red accents at the lapels and a warm cardigan that's thrown over it), but she tunes in at the sound of Tony's voice.
He had kept to himself as they had driven, playing unconscious in the hopes of overhearing something useful. So far, the only thing he had heard in addition to the country music from the radio was some celebrity gossip Becker and Marco apparently kept up with.
"Are you now, sugar? Maybe if you'll ask Steve here really nicely then he'll fix you something. Okay, pup?" He eyes the kid, absently poking a finger to the extended hand and making sure she understood before taking a gulp of his scalding coffee.
RAPE/NON-CON, ABUSE AND UNDERAGE SEX (is it considered underage if they are over 16 y/o but under 20 y/o? putting this here anyways)
They turn back to look after Rose, now accompanied by Hawkeye who's making ridiculous noises to entertain the toddler perched on top of the jungle gym. She just seems confused at the beta's attempts, but amused in any case as she pushes herself over the edge and is caught by Barton's firm hands.
"So I've noticed," he said, only letting Tony panic for a short moment before releasing him. Tony coughed and gulped in shuddering breaths as Ezekiel walked over to the table by the wall. It was in Tony's line of sight, and he could see a black riding crop in Ezekiel's hands as he turned back around. Tony swallowed anxiously at the sight of it.
They are together in Tony and Rick's kitchen, Tony making sauce from tomatoes and chickpeas and Rose playing with her astronaut toy, her Leia Organa figurine and (curiously enough) some wooden ladles acquired from the kitchen, when JARVIS announces that there's a private call for Tony.
They walk as briskly down the hallway, Rose tugging Tony along in a characteristic bout of stubbornness and Tony nudging his daughter to take the correct turns.
The morning three weeks before his thirteenth birthday, he'd woken up to Jarvis gently knocking against his door and entering his room to get him to rise, as per usual. He still remembers the slight widening of the beta's green eyes and the way he'd quickly closed the door and crossed the room. Tony blinked down at him as he knelt next to his bed, himself scrambling up to sit and have a better look at the older man.
," he continued, but couldn't find the words to say. He drew in a shaky breath and tried to think what to tell the other man. His mind drew blank; what on Earth could
"Not gonna happen," he croaked around a dry throat, closing his eyes and refusing to look at the blueprint again. It was too easy, and Hammer must have devised it like that. Tony could see the flaws standing out like black ink on a white canvas, and the correct answer was so easy. Too easy.
"Whose fault was it?" he asked, his back turned to Tony. Tony craned his neck and looked up at him, confused.
"Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah," Tony interrupts, pinching the bridge of his nose. He wasn't used to anyone taking care of him, at least not like this. Sure, when he'd been in his twenties Rick had ordered him on a strictly healthy diet (which he might've cheated on a few times) and an exercise plan back when they were trying to have a baby, but that was different. Now, it was Rogers actually about to
Tony softens at the mention of his daughter. "Thanks," he says softly, instead of arguing that he doesn't need help. Steve nods and moves to start cleaning the counter from dishes used in their abandoned breakfast.
A blinding pain burst across his left shoulder where Ezekiel suddenly struck him. He let out a choked-off shout, twisting in his seat as the pain spread. He forced his eyes to open so he could see what he had been hit with; it was an expandable metal baton.
"Dig in," Hammer said once Bates stepped back, eagerly cutting into his own beef. Tony eyed his plate, letting his gaze travel over to Bates.
he hisses, probably not even realizing how Tony couldn't have possibly done anything to encourage or discourage how he'd presented. Even so, Tony feels ashamed to the core, and lets his gaze fall to his feet, his cheeks burning with humiliation. "An
"Don't act surprised," she told Steve, the usual irritation present in her voice. Prior to this, Steve had exchanged only a few words with her in total, but the alien was...
He was back at the event venue, out in the alley behind the building. It was the early hours of the morning and he had returned a moment ago, after a handful of hours of chasing leads that lead nowhere.
Jim shook his head. "Dead ends, more like." He beckoned Steve to follow him and began walking. "I have one location we know for certain he was taken to."
"No," Ezekiel said, shaking his head. "I don't think that I have." He leaned over Tony, grabbing him by his hair again. Tony gasped as his head was wrenched back, cursing Ezekiel, the whole situation, Steve and himself in his mind.
"You've done a great job in raising her so far," he praises, as if sensing Tony feeling guilty over Rose not having enough playmates. The omega feels himself flush in turn.
"Are we gonna have a family dinner?" Rosie perks up at the question, eyeing her Father with keen eyes. Rick chuckles.
Tony wants to growl at the deliberately patronizing, sweet tone of voice Rick directs at him. Instead, he replies almost mellowly, "Sure," and places the tablet on the side table, on top of Rick's tie and his briefcase. Rick's hand moves to card a lock of hair back over his forehead when the omega leans closer, and traces his fingers down to his neck when Tony leans back, now hands free of the tablet. His index finger dips beneath the collar of Tony's t-shirt and he pulls out the necklace he gave his husband. He smiles when he sees it.
He sighs. "You should go get some sleep, you look awful. I'll serve some dinner for Rosie and keep her company until it's bathtime." Tony cranes his head towards his beta friend, and once again is reminded of how perceptive Bruce really is. It seems like he sees through all of Tony's layers and shields, all the way to the most secret corners of his soul that even he knows nothing about. Like he knows how much this is affecting him.
As he spoke, he walked over to the table by the wall and Tony's body jerked involuntarily against his bonds as he watched Ezekiel pick something up.
On a weekend a couple of weeks after the heat, he goes to visit his parents, obediently on his new suppressants that his Father and Mother had sent him. He's barely gotten himself and his bag inside the Stark family manor, when his Mother comes to welcome him giddily. Which she doesn't do.
"I have to go," she said, stepping away from Tony. "I've been gone for too long as it is. I'll try to figure something out, but..." Dina smiled again, but it was more of a miserable grimace than anything, "...you're on your own with this one. Sorry."
"This is what omegas nowadays wear, Tony!" he barks back at the shorter man. "And I want you to wear one, too." He takes the piece of jewellery out of the small black box. "Now, put it on."
. It hurt so much. And when Rick's orgasm finally shuddered through him, and the alpha's teeth sank to the tender flesh of his neck, breaking skin and mingling their scents, Tony let the scream he'd been holding in slip through his lips. Then, he mercifully blacked out.
"Yeah, and the rest of the 'Vengers," she clarifies, and looks like she's about to clamber out of her chair, so Tony tilts sideways to grab her by the back of her neck, as he is sitting closest to her. Rick is sitting at the head of the table, as the alpha of the family should (insert an eye roll), and Tony had been seated next to Rose to help her eat.
"Good," he says, although it doesn't seem like he's glad at all; his fingers are once more tightening around Tony's arms and he's clenching his jaw hard. Finally, he lets go of his son with a shove, sending Tony stumbling a little way backwards as he himself straightens. Then he exits the room. It's the last time he properly talks to Tony.
He paused and Tony studied him, eyes wide. "How? How would you know about Siberia?" he asked. It was more than worrying, how good an access Ezekiel had managed to get into his life. He had known the whereabouts of Tony's tracker implants, he possessed Tony's old prototype designs, he knew too many details about supposedly disclosed affairs. It scared him shitless, the power he wielded over him with knowledge, more than anything else.
"I know, honey," Rick answers sweetly. Then he nods at Steve over his shoulder. "A pleasure as always, captain," he says politely. The other alpha doesn't answer him. Rick smiles at them, steps into the elevator, and with a push of the button the doors slide shut again.
Jim ground his teeth, eyeing the other man through the HUD. He wished Steve would just go away and leave him to his brooding. But then again, perhaps having Steve here would be helpful. Even if he was a righteous prick most of the time, the man had his perks. Especially in the field.
The weather is getting colder and everyone seems to be increasingly busy, especially Tony since all the big projects always seem to clump up towards the New Year. Also, the board practically breathing down his neck certainly isn't helpful, but then again, the board rarely is.
"JARVIS, you can loose the lockdown. I believe no one is going to attack my husband now." From his peripheral vision, he sees Steve cringing at the word he's using to describe Rick. Well, it took a while for Tony to get used to as well. Plus, it's the truth.
"Hey," he greets Tony, taking a seat in the armchair next to the couch. It's Rick's chair, but Tony thinks that Rogers fits better in it. Shame and guilt flood his mind instantly at the thought. Why would he think that Rogers was a better fit for Rick's armchair than Rick? God, he's messed up. He sighs mentally.
"What's up?" he asks, bending down from the waist to look over Tony's shoulder. The omega is seated in his usual spot on the sofa, back against the armrest, and the alpha is stood right behind him on the floor.
He looked at himself in the mirror, bruised and bloodied and pitiful, and tried to reign it all in. Now was not the time for a breakdown. Now was the time to put his best foot forward and act like everything was good and peachy, so Hammer wouldn't get in on Ezekiel's little game, too.
She pulled him off of his chair, throwing him away from it, and he only remained standing because Bates was there to catch him. He steadied him and gave him a rough shove forward, causing pain to flare up along Tony's back as he aggravated the bruising there.
"Rogers!" Rhodey hissed as Steve surged forward, running to where he thought the sound had come from. He swiped plastic sheets from his way, and while he didn't have any lights on him, the serum had enhanced his vision enough that was able to see vague shapes of objects in the darkness of the hall. One of them, a very human-like shape, was descending from the ceiling. Steve slowed down his pace to watch cautiously.
"Shut up," Becker growled at him. He leaned closer, eyeing Tony's face, "Marco is trying to sleep," he added with a touch of sarcasm to his voice. And with that and a rough shove, Tony was released. He watched as Becker walked back over to the sitting area and pulled out his phone once again.
He took hold of Tony's jaw again, his grip bruising. "A vulnerable world, an open invitation for anyone with an inclination to violence or a thirst for power. An invitation to just come here and
It's not like most of his teammates don't know that Tony's marriage was an arranged one (it is mostly public knowledge, after all, even if the contract considering it isn't), and it's not like this is the first time Tony's ever had a bruised face because of Rick (hell,
"Trust me, even I can't bring myself to believe it," Tony quipped, stumbling along as Marco took him by the arm and pulled him towards the stairs.
Tony really didn't want to think about that, and so he broke the eye contact with Hammer, causing the other man to bark out a laugh.
"Howard...." his Mother pleads, visibly rattled at the sight of her Alpha yelling and trashing objects.
Pepper and Rhodey are a big help during the nine months. The beta and the alpha help him around the house, at work, offer to massage his feet from time to time, and just plain old spend time with him. Even Happy seems to be more enthusiastic to drive him around New York when he wants a specific decaf latte (decaf only because of the baby) from a specific coffee shop. Maybe it's the pregnant omega pheromones making their brain go into mother hen mode, or maybe they're just awesome. Either way, Tony doesn't complain.
"I want my wife back," Ezekiel replied without hesitation, "But you can't give that to me. No one can."
"Morning," Rick greets him, walking before him with a briefcase in one hand and a sleepy toddler occupying the other. He places a quick peck on Tony's temple as they begin disentangling Rose's arms from around her Father's neck together.
His hands were bound before him, secured with handcuffs again, and Becker took hold of them, readying to haul him up.
When Tony hears the bedroom door closing, he lets a sob escape, muffling the one following the first with his hand as the other seeks support from the counter top before him. He slams his palm hard against the marble in his anger. God, he hates this.
RICHARD DARROW shall provide to ANTHONY STARK and ANTHONY STARK shall in turn bear (a) descendant(s) before the age of forty (40) to the Darrow and Stark families. The gender of the descendant is not pivotal to this clause, unlike it is to the lawful heritage of
He sighed softly and let his head drop to the blanket covering the end of the bed. He saw Becker raising his head in curiosity, peering down at Tony at the sudden movement, but when Tony didn't do anything else interesting enough, the man's attention was quick to shift back to his phone. Tony was left alone in his misery, which he was grateful of.
