Tony looks up at Steve and shakes his head.
He takes a few guesses at Steve’s passcode before sitting on the bed and making himself comfortable. It would take time to get through all the possible combinations, so he had to be smart about. Trying to think of the codes Steve would use. Birthdays, important dates. Their first date, their wedding anniversary, their children’s birthdays. In the end, it’s Peggy’s birthday and Tony can’t help but feel a little hurt by that.
They make it through a few episodes before Tony starts snoring softly. Steve looks over at Tony to see if he’s really asleep before pausing the episode. Peter stands up immediately.
*****
Peter shrugs and lets out a breath he didn’t know he was holding.
Peter is taken aback not expecting Steve to be that easy to crack. He follows him to the master bedroom. Steve closes the door before he begins speaking.
Peter starts excitedly asking about Asgard.
“I’m fine. Are there other kids?”
Peter and Beverly lie on their backs on the carpeted floor of the tiny basement living-room of his quad-level townhouse. Giggling as they pass a joint back and forth.
“You need a hair-cut too. It’s getting too long.”
“Did you ever love me Steve?”
“Are you sure that’s the best idea?”
Feedback
“What? You asked how.”
“Sorry.”
“It’s half past seven and I’m going to get Bevie in the bath and start getting her ready for bed.”
“Morgan! I told you to go to bed twenty minutes ago and that better not be my phone in your hand. Who are you calling this late?”
“Tony?” Peter cries as he rushes to the kitchen, watching helplessly as Tony falls and smacks his head against the countertop.
“I don’t want to see you right now.”
“Then tell her to back up,” Tony says.
*****
“The woods but then he was really mad this morning. He yelled at me for going outside. Why wouldn’t he remember?”
“Peter go to your room,” Tony says.
It’s quiet in the house and both men are exhausted from the day. Tony feels a pressure building on top of his head. It’s dimly lit and they can barely see each other’s shadowy figures. The refrigerator is humming, the large clock on the walk is steadily ticking away.
Beverly rolls off of Tony and resumes running around the room.
“Peter, get over here now!”
“I told him his Dads missed him. And he should come home more often. You know how that goes.”
Just wanted to point out that I didn't put a warning for major character death so Peter is still alive but not necessarily in the clear yet. I threw in one of my original characters from my non-fanfiction fiction work. She's the one that saves Peter from the creature.
Beverly sits on the olive green couch listening to the hush voices from within the study. The words she did make out sounded angry and she knew the argument was about her. The instruction her mother gave her were clear. Captain America was her real father and he would come get her. She wouldn’t be able to see her parents anymore but he would raise her and be kind to her.
“I’m sad he isn’t here.”
Steve sighs and grabs his pile of gifts as he’s standing up. He drops them unceremoniously onto the coffee table and sits next to Tony letting his head rest on his shoulder. His blue eyes closing as he rests his hands on Tony’s thigh.
“Oh wow,” Tony says shuffling the papers together and removing his glasses. “Sounds like you have a new friend.” Steve clears his throat and Tony glances up at him. “Your father and I didn’t know where you were,” Tony says as he takes more serious tone.
Peter wakes Steve up as he crawls into their bed as he’s trying to get under the covers. Steve lifts the covers up so Peter can slide under. He goes to encase Peter in his arms and pull him close. “No,” Peter whines. He just wants to lie on his back in-between his fathers. No snuggling.
Tony flips through more of the book to ones of Peter and Beverly. He closes the book and moves the things to the side before pulling Steve in for a kiss. He was always so perfect at gift giving. He always figured out to what to give the man who could buy anything.
“Shut up kid,” Steve scolds before mockingly saying, “Daddy is going to be mad.”
“Shh you’re alright,” Tony consoles him and looks over at Steve worried. Steve is scooting over closer to him and wrapping his arm around them.
“Staying at the old Miller place?”
“Would you let Jesus join the Avengers?” Peter asks.
“He’s acting so weird this week. He’s having nightmares and acting out. He keeps telling us wild stories. He won’t sleep in his own bed. He wet his pants yesterday. And Sam, he was just sitting in it, in his room.”
He kicks his feet up on the coffee table knocking the books to the side as he asks Jarvis to turn to television onto something interesting. He’s leaning his head back and closes his eyes when he senses a presence near him. His heart rate quickens and he’s reaching out to push the thing back when Peter lets out a yelp. Tony is taking in the scene and realizing he’s not in any danger. His hands are still around his son’s waist and he’s tipping him precariously off the couch. Tony immediately pulls him onto his lap.
“You almost drowned kid. You scared the hell out of your Papa and me.”
Steve runs his hand through his hair as his heart starts to thud in his chest. He starts to pace back and forth on the deck. “What the fuck, Tony?”
Steve doesn’t hesitate and pulls over as soon as it’s clear to do so. Peter was still crying hard and showing no signs of calming down. Tony climbs into the backseat, unbuckles Peter and pulls him into his arms. Letting him cry against him.
“Tony! That’s beyond inappropriate!” Steve chastises but his body is speaking another language as his hand teases over Tony’s hardness for a quick second before returning to his stomach.
A moment of silence before Peter speaks again, “I want a popsicle.”
“Get under the covers Pete.”
As they’re finishing up lunch, Aunt May calls.
“Steve.”
“I’ll take the kids to school and you finish getting ready,” he says after breaking the kiss. He goes in for a quick peck.
“He’s quiet now.”
“My stomach is hurting.”
Beverly is gasping for air.
“Why didn’t you ask FRIDAY? She would have told you.”
Tony wondered what Steve had said or done to trigger it in her. Or maybe she was just a kid realizing her mother wasn’t really coming back. That this home wasn’t a temporary and fun get away.
“It’s five minutes out. I’m heading to your location,” Steve responds.
“Peter—”
She nods at him, her face red and her cheeks wet with tears. Steve turns towards Tony fixing him with a look, ready to return to arguing when the kitchen timer goes off. Tony turns and goes to pull the pan out of the oven. He slams it a little too loudly on the stove top and starts to pull out plates. They clatter loudly as he sets them on the counter top. He huffs as he starts to make up three plates. Two big, and one small just like how he would make it for Peter.
“It’s fine. What’s the matter, sweetheart?”
The light of the reactor attracts Steve like a moth to a flame. He reaches out with his other hand, circles the edges of the glass case with his fingertip, the place where it becomes Tony’s skin. He traces Tony’s scar then, rubs his nipple—the only one he has left—but Tony gasps and shifts away from him.
“Of course I do. Yes.”
“Shh. Hey. Don’t cry. I think we’ll all be scared when our time comes. And people like us—maybe we can’t make our deaths peaceful, but we can make them mean something.”
Tony prepares to climb up the stairs, but then he hears a voice. He doesn’t understand what it’s saying, but it sounds like it could be Steve.
They look at each other. Steve leans up. Tony leans down.
“It was supposed to be biological, last time I checked—”
“And what does it mean to you?” Steve asks.
“I was... it was fine. I have emergency protocols. I was there for barely an hour. I was at the, uh... I was home in no time.”
Full.
“Tony.” The hard shadow in Steve’s tone. The angular set of his jaw. The merciless glint in his eyes.
And here, in the middle of nowhere, a million miles away from everything that happened, with only the sun and the countryside as his witnesses, Steve remembers the most important thing of all, the only thing that matters, the only thing that can save them from all the shit of the past few months.
They’re quick about it, but not to the point of rushing things.
“It’s a good look on us.”
“Why are we really here, Tony?” Steve finds the courage to ask some time later, when Tony’s breathing is still uneven and he’s moving too often to be asleep.
“Did you get any sleep?” he asks, even though he already knows the answer. He can see it in Tony’s eyes.
He hears the car door shut. Tony is in the driver’s seat again.
“Thank you,” Tony says, then thinks about it. “I mean, I didn’t really do anything. I didn’t participate in the process of making her, but—”
Then, he’d congratulate Tony, maybe even make a toast, afterwards, while they eat at some fancy place Pepper chose. He’d make a few jokes. Everyone would laugh. And he wouldn’t feel like he’s dead inside. He wouldn’t feel like his soul is rending at the seams.
“How so?” Tony asks, trying not to look at Steve now.
“May I...”
“Well excuse me if we can’t all be a billion years old like
Steve helps him step into his pants. Buttoning them up the other way around isn’t as tricky for Steve as it’d be for anyone else, but for a few seconds his body is flushed against Tony’s, the skin of his forearms pressing into Tony’s belly. Steve is still wearing that strange cardigan of his, open at the front, sleeves rolled up, so thick that it makes his shoulders seem even larger. Tony stares up at him and feels small, what with the way Steve is towering over him, but the sensation isn’t accompanied by envy and inadequacy and discomfort. It’s just how it is.
He must be very tired. It makes Steve worry, though, because the Tony he knew was always impossibly active, slept the bare minimum, constantly driven by a strange sort of nervous energy. Now he seems okay physically, to Steve’s inexpert eye at least... but who knows.
“Tony. Call Natasha. Right now,” he says, in a last-ditch effort at consciousness. “Please. Take the suit and leave.”
Scrambling, desperately, for a way to quiet Tony’s mind, Steve hugs him. Tony remains still in his arms at first, but then he tries to struggle out of Steve’s grip. Steve resists, wanting to keep him from getting away, but the effect is, predictably, the worst imaginable: Tony’s punch lands on Steve’s ribs, cutting his air off for a moment. It surprises him more than doing any real damage, and it hurts, yes, but only Steve’s soul, not his body.
His phone buzzes, and it’s Pepper.
Steve shakes his head.
They reach a small park, and Tony sits down on one of the benches. He takes a very deep breath.
Steve hugs him tight, and Tony can feel him brush a kiss to his forehead.
“I did.”
And then, the last thing he allows himself to notice, there’s his left leg. Broken. Now that he’s paying attention to it, he realizes that it hurts more than it should. It must be at least a few hours old, and the serum has kicked in, sure, but it feels like it’s not working as fast as it should.
“Yeah. There’s this popular science programme that’s been airing for years here in Italy, and she was often their guest. Whenever they needed an astrophysicist they’d call her.”
He leaves Bucky and Steve alone, because he has a hunch that Steve needs a friend that isn’t Tony right now. He starts making dinner, and he hears them laugh from the kitchen. He expects the spike of jealousy to poke him, but it never comes.
“Whatever. Later.”
Soon after, it’s really time to go. Steve takes their bags to the car.
“I left it on your
“He’ll start having sessions with the BARF tech I invented; remember that thing I told you about before you left for Lagos? It basically helps relive bad memories, so you can change them. It makes you re-experience that event, but allows you to act differently than you actually did. I tried it myself, with multiple memories and... I didn’t always get the same results, but I always found it beneficial in some way, so I figured—”
It’s been such a long day.
Tony. Tony’s here, he’s walked over to Steve and Steve didn’t even notice.
It’s fine. It’ll take time. He can’t give Tony anything but time.
The ice feels so good on his shoulder. Finally, some real relief.
It makes things easier, so I can see how it disappoints them.
“Yes.”
“Shh… Just… here,” Steve says, and guides Tony’s nose into the hollow of his throat, the place where an Alpha’s scent is the strongest, the place that’s supposed to feel like the safest haven for an Omega.
When it’s over, they need to work on the bond again. The rut, the heat, the hormones, they messed it all up. The equilibrium they reached the very first night, when they nurtured it for the first time in a decade, has been disrupted.
“He has, I think,” Tony jokes. “I think you guys should leave. Unless you wanna… watch…”
Steve wakes up slowly. Tony notices his breathing quickening, his muscles spasming with renewed strength. He’s always liked how strong Steve was, how he’d hold Tony down and leave bruises on him during every rut—the only times when Steve lost his cool just enough, got just a bit rougher, thought just a bit more about taking instead of giving. Tony loved it—a show put on just for him, Steve Rogers falling apart with a need only Tony could fulfill. It made him feel wanted. Important. Maybe he wasn’t so useless and worthless if Steve needed him like that for a few days every month.
.” Tony’s words are harsh now, and he sits up while he spits them out; closes his eyes, breathes in deep. He takes his left wrist into his right fist, rubs at it firmly, keeping it close to his chest. The metal of his bracelet digs into the skin at the base of his hand.
Steve remembers Tony saying,
“Yes, boss.”
“To be honest, it kinda bothers me. I could fix it if you—”
“No problem. If anything, you’ll help with testing BARF. And don’t call me Mr. Stark, Mr. Stark was my... it was... ah, hell. Just call me Tony.”
Knowing his own feelings doesn’t mean Tony knew Steve’s. But maybe, over the years, through death and loss and coming back to life and the end of the world… maybe, at some point, they got so wrapped up around each other that they lost the thread of themselves, and they don’t know anymore where one ends and the other starts.
“You said you want to be an Avenger!”
“Go ahead, of course. So, about Florence…?”
Steve feels it one morning, as soon as he wakes up. He has no clue what’s different from last night, except a few hours of sleep, but he doesn’t really know how these things work. It’s complex stuff.
“Listen to me, listen… You’re not gonna die, alright? I’m not gonna let you die, I promise. The minute the next wave hits I’ll be here, I’m gonna help you. But I need you to agree. I need you to say it with words.”
Steve’s beard tickles him in all the right ways, scrapes over his thighs and brushes his balls. It’s lovely. Just lovely.
The happiest man on Earth is a murderer.
Tony has to stand on his tiptoes, while Steve is keeping his knees slightly bent, and still their body parts don’t align. As if that wasn’t enough, Tony’s dick so close to Steve’s looks positively
“Don’t touch me!” He says, louder than he should have. Sarah, thankfully, keeps sleeping.
But I do remember
Rhodey gasps. “Anthony Edward Stark.”
“St—Steve.”
Steve feels as if someone cut up his stomach and took all his guts out piece by piece.
“Why are you naked?”
And he almost, almost feels warm.
He doesn’t know if he likes Steve talking—albeit indirectly—about his mom, but Jarvis (the human one) used to tell him the same thing. That he moved like his mother. Had her smile. The same quality to the glint in his eyes. The same
“Hey,” Steve tries again, stepping closer.
. Which, okay, is not something Tony is planning on complaining about any time soon, obviously, but then Steve pushes him down on the couch, looms over him, smiles at him in this strange way that’s both wolfish and charming at the same time, puts his hand over Tony’s crotch, and Tony’s sure even through the sweatpants Steve can feel that his cock is, well. Soft.
He looks at the flip phone on his dresser. He can’t call. To say what?
Tony takes a moment to grasp what Steve is truly asking because he can hardly believe that anyone would show him so much regard—no one ever has, really. Alphas
That causes another sob to shake Steve’s chest, and more tears spill from his eyes, roll down onto his beard. He covers his mouth with his hand to keep himself from making too much noise.
, but, well. It is what it is.
It’s Tony, or rather, a part of him. Of his body. From his stomach, all the way up to his mouth. It’s a close-up of all his scars, of the arc reactor, the upside-down rectangle inside the round glass case.
He takes a deep breath, so long that Tony thinks maybe it will never end.
“What do you think happened?”
His secret sketchbook isn’t there anymore. He panics for a moment, then remembers where he left it the last time. He looks around, and there it is, under the bed, fallen there from under his pillow through the space between the mattress and the headboard. He picks it up with a smile on his face.
, they don’t ask. But Steve sounds uncertain, as though Tony’s rejection is a concrete possibility.
“I’m sorry. It’s not an excuse, but so many things happened in those few days… I was… I don’t know, confused. Scared. I didn’t want to lose anything, anyone. And then I lost everything…” Softer, then, in a whisper, “I lost... I lost you.”
“What do you think? Come on, guess.”
“Hey. How’re you feeling?”
(The guest house. Home.)
“I needed you wet and hungry for my knot and your body just did it. You went into heat after ten years because your Alpha needed you in heat. Think about that, Tony. How perfect is that? How amazing?”
“No… I mean, to see everything you’d need to stay in the city two or three days at least but… I saw enough. It was enough. I’m happy with what we did.”
“I know that song.”
“You can’t do anything right now. Hey, hey, try to calm—”
But there’s no time to think about that, because Tony turns to look at him, and says, “There’s only one room.”
This isn’t like that. She is five days old when he takes her home with him.
Steve sits on the bed next to Tony. He leafs through the book, rips out a page.
“That day, when I came to the Mansion,” Stella goes on, “it was shortly after the first time he shoved her. She was unharmed, but scared, and called me over the phone. I told her I’d visit her in a couple of months, when I’d be in New York. And I did.”
“Yep.”
And as hard as trying to work things out is, Steve can’t help but find a little bit of hope in their smiles, in Tony keeping Steve’s drawings, in Tony cooking for him. In the easy way Tony still takes care of him.
to which Rhodey replies,
His mouth, so tight around Tony’s erection. His eagerness making up for the lack of finesse in his technique, making Tony forget all his own insecurities.
He quickens the rhythm of his thrusts, hiding his face in the crook of Tony’s neck and breathing in his perfect scent. It’s impossible to describe. It’s exactly like Tony’s slick, but as a scent.
It’s a piece of the golden mesh Tony used for the arms and legs of his armor, years ago. All the way back to the beginning of the Avengers. To the beginning of everything.
I thought I'd clarify this because I know from the comments that a lot of you are interested in the places I mention here (I was thinking of making a little list? If you guys are interested? Let me know!) so it was only fair to say that the description of the bridge + river isn't exactly accurate.
He thinks about what Yinsen said, about not wasting one’s life.
He’s a different one. He has blue eyes.
“Sam. I know that.”
“I don’t want to do it again. Was it something I said?”
“No. It was mine.”
The grand opening of the charity’s activities. The Sarah Rogers Foundation for Widows and Orphans. It will operate worldwide; Steve insisted he didn’t want it to be a US-only thing.
“I tried to listen. I wanted to, Tony, I just couldn’t—"
“I know. I’m sorry. Tell me how to help.”
Steve crawls on the bed to lie back down next to Tony. He draws him close, kisses his hair.
“Not yet,” Tony replies, “but if you talk to Sam, tell him... tell him that Rhodey’s number’s still the same. And he’d be glad to hear from him.”
Tony’s cheek is warm and coarse under his palm. His beard is gray in places. He’s staring at Steve, wide-eyed, confused.
Then he gets up, walks to the dresser, and takes something from a drawer. He comes back with his hand open so he can show it to Tony.
“It’s just… I’m so confused, Tony. It’s so hard. Everyone tells me,
Three days during which they got to talk, and smile, and know each other more than in all the years since that day in Germany fighting Loki put together. Steve laughed at Tony’s crazy stories; Tony cracked up at Steve’s weird sense of humor.
He can pinpoint the precise moment when Tony stops kissing back.
“Whatever you need,” Steve whispers, pressing the words into Tony’s skin like a secret, “I’m here for you, too. Whatever you need, I—”
Steve’s voice.
It’s so hot, inside Steve. He’s so beautiful like this.
But she doesn’t talk.
In every drop of sweat, in every soft touch and whispered word, in every shallow breath and deep kiss, in Tony’s tears, in his soft dick and his jokes about his age, in their quick understanding of each other, in their smiles and playful banter, in every careful explanation, in every tiny hesitation that disappears when one hand holds the other, when their eyes meet, in all of that– there’s love.
There’s a frown on his face.
But it’s real; it happened. There’s still a scratch in his throat. His dick, disinfected and bandaged now, still gives him a twinge of pain now and then. It makes him laugh, again. He feels strangely young.
But after much thinking, and pondering, and brooding, Steve started to wonder whether Tony’s age really was affecting his libido.
It all happens in a handful of seconds, Tony thinks: Steve finds the lube, squeezes the gel directly into Tony’s cleft, pushes it into him and scissors his fingers just to be sure Tony is still open enough, he pulls back, shifts into position, and sinks in.
The two times they had sex during the three weeks they have been dating, Steve could feel that Tony wasn’t very hard. That it took him some time to come. But he didn’t think much of it right after it happened, because they had been busy with work. Maybe Tony was just tired.
“Oh my god.”
“Love you too.”
“No. I could use the company. Maybe even the help,” Tony says, and Steve’s back relaxes. “I wouldn’t mind a friend. If that’s… alright with you.”
“Then why do you keep it?”
“It’s a beautiful song.”
. Just tonight, just...
Steve closes his eyes to take the blow. He nods.
Steve straightens his shoulders. It’s some dumb Alpha posturing that never meant
“Yeah, of course. Stop worrying so much.”
He is inside Tony. For the first time. And already he wants to crawl into Tony and stay there forever, doesn’t want to leave if it means that this is gonna stop, that he won’t feel like this all the time. He feels euphoric. He feels a kind of happiness he didn’t know humans could feel, didn’t know existed at all. Having sex with Tony has always been incredible, heady, an impossible mix of wild emotions that Steve didn’t know how to control. But this. This is love.
Steve smiles again, then unpacks a few things and takes a shower. He dresses like it’s winter again.
Both his legs are broken.
Steve kisses him.
“But doesn’t this hurt even more? Dreaming?”
Tony scoffs, amused at Bucky’s tone but also still a bit bitter for all the things he wishes had gone in another way. “I’m sorry, too. It was… it was fucked up, and that’s…”
The darkness of the cave feels much more comforting and pleasant than the other side, where the sun is already invading the room with its blinding brightness and making it too hot for Tony’s liking.
“I remember.”
Steve barely realizes that he said anything at all. It’s the other Steve, the one that is made of pencil lines and got his happily ever after with his Tony, that speaks through him, claims his place in the real world. A happiness made of paper and buried under cotton is not enough for him.
“Lie down,” Nat says, with her Alpha voice, and Steve wants to rise up to the challenge, but he can’t. He’s too tired. “Tony’s safe,” she says, and that gives Steve a small amount of peace.
His heart pounds in his chest and fear strikes him. He won’t allow them to take Tony, Tony is his and his only, forever, he’s his Alpha and no one else can—
And I—”
, Steve thinks.
He slumps onto Tony, and they slowly sink down to the floor, gasping. They stay like that for a few minutes, catching their breath, and Steve buries his nose into Tony’s hair from on top of him, inhales as deep as he can.
“And how do you propose I do that, Ghost of Christmas Past?” Tony challenged.
“Yes you do.  See, just there!  You did it again!” Tony said, taking a sullen sip of wine.
Tony laughed out loud.  “So that’s how you’d always talk to me if you were being honest?”
Tony sighed.  “All right.  One last dare for the year.  What’ll it be?  Want me to steal the ball from Times Square before they drop it?”
“Nah, he’s actually incapable of lying,” Clint said.  “And he’ll probably just keep spouting things we really don’t need to hear about.  Like on and on and on.  That’s what always happened in the trials that SHIELD definitely never ran.”
“Yup, you’re the only layabout around here.”
," she tells him, knowing she is the unquestioned authority. Knowing he would die for her. Knowing she holds the key to every one of Clint Barton's orgasms on her tongue. "I was thinking about you, while I was flirting with Thor this morning."
“At the very least, this is highly entertaining,” Thor said, smacking Steve on the back.
,” Tony corrected, “so you guys are gonna need to tell me what the deal is.  You need something, I’ll take care of it, but you have to tell me.  All right?  That’s how it goes when you’re adults, too, so it’s not a problem.”
“Not sure the superhero thing is for you?”
“I thought ‘no speeches’ applied to small crowds, too.”
Steve smiled ruefully.  “Trying to figure out if I should stay or go, actually.”
“Every time somebody tries to win a war before it starts, innocent people die,” Steve said.  “Every time.”
His lips brush her ear.
or any of its brethren,
“Don’t keep saying they needed you, Tony,” she says.  He hears the quiet sound of a drawer opening and closing.
"Everybody okay?
“Who do you think helped Barton find a butler?” Nick said.  “Any eggs left, or should I come back after you two finish making out?”
All it once it’s too much like being in the trenches but not enough like it either, because there Steve knew what to do, and right now he doesn’t know what to do at all.  “Tony, if you can hear me, I’m sorry, but we have to get you out,” he grits out, and then he reaches down, grabs the facemask and yanks as hard as he can.
“Lay it on me.”
“They’re finishing up with the parking garage, but the Borgata security chief is opposed to room by room searches,” Tony says.  “Apparently rousting people out of their Atlantic City hotel room on a Friday evening isn’t considered the utmost in hospitality.”
“You can't fix what happened, and you can't ever make up for it.  So what's the point of sticking around?  What's the
“I’m honored,” Tony said, pressing his lips to Steve’s collarbone.  “But that said, you should really be honest during your examinations.  God, Steve, you look incredible like this.”
“Yeah, the 2013 is decent,” Clint said.
“It’s really a thrill a minute lifestyle around here.”
“Hey, at least I didn’t set Thor’s hair on fire so I could go to the store.”
clearly trying to get to know Tony’s kid.  And even if Tony
“Should we - do something about it?”
He gets on his bike and just rides, so blindly that he doesn't realize what he's doing until he's through the Lincoln Tunnel and pulling into the parking lot of a Sheraton in Hoboken.  He pays for a room and texts Tony the address from the elevator, stands under the scalding spray of the shower until he hears the click of the door.
"Long enough," the bartender says.  "1920 wasn't a
“Depends on what you mean by bothered,” Natasha murmurs as Stark slides through the crowd, Banner trailing reluctantly behind him.
, for the record, because the man was 28 (too young) and 95 (too old, probably) and he was the last person in the world Tony should even consider getting into bed with because he was a teammate and had a case of PTSD to rival Tony’s and on top of all that he was probably the straightest thing since sliced bread and
“What was that, ma’am?”
“I want to go down on you.”
“What?” Tony said.
“I’m almost nineteen,” Peter groans.  “When will this end?”
“Eggs?” Steve asked, glancing over his shoulder.
“Uh - yeah,” Santa said, in an embarrassing character break.  “Was there - something you needed, Captain America?”
“So if we can’t talk about beer and we can’t talk about weapons, what
“Edgar would probably make a run,” Tony said, watching the water drip down Steve’s pecs - er, looking at nothing, in a casual friendly way.  Yes.  That.
,” Barton says, tipping back his glass of whiskey.  “It was nothin compared to Rogers with that shield.  Did you guys see him hit that goon in the face with it?  His nose is
"Fun," Bruce repeats, doubtfully.
nightmare that he never could have imagined because
“Okay, a few things I’ve learned that’ll save you some time,” he said in place of a greeting.  “One: do
“They’re growing boys,” Coulson said blandly.  “And girl,” he added as Natasha stuck her head around the corner, followed by the others.  “Wow.  This
would you even say that,” Bruce sighed.
dumb, but he kind of thought Steve would show up early.
"If we're throwing out flying, then magic has to go too," Scott said.  "And psychic powers.  And whatever the thing in your head is, Vision - "
“I’m sure it wasn’t,” Stark says.  He takes off his glasses and walks up to his clockwork man, fiddles a little with its wrist, and then drops it with a
“Hey, come on, don’t get your tightey whiteys in a twist,” Clint said.  “There’s nothing wrong with liking dudes, and the way he looks at you, I think he probably has a crush on adult you, too.”
“Hey,” Tony says, because now that anger isn’t burning bright in his chest he feels sick, like maybe he’s made a mistake, maybe he’s made a
Bruce's pupils blacken.  "Excuse me?"
“I grew up in Brooklyn, so no, I took the bus,” Steve said.  He frowned down at the television set.  “Do you think I should have gotten a bigger one?”
The bartender reaches under the bar.  "Haven't seen you around here before."
"Oh, this'll be fun," Barton says, spinning away from his own thug to slam the heel of his hand into the nose of the one Romanov's got pinned.  Steve blinks at her, then springs back into action; he hauls one of the men away from Banner just as Odinson throws a third into a table.
“That’s Morgan’s call,” Tony says.
, Tony thought.  “The Palace Hotel,” he said.  “Their trees are the best in the city, and I’ve always thought, wouldn’t one of those trees look
not you and Cap skinny dipping,” Natasha added.
They get dinner on the road, and it’s late when they pull into the garage at the tower.  They’ve been quiet for the past 30 minutes, winding through evening traffic in Manhattan, and Tony is almost afraid to break the silence as he cuts the engine.  “So.”
“Oh, you’re on, kid,” Sam says.  “Tony, you got any more junk lying around that we can throw off the tower?”
idea some other time.”
?  You're no good to anyone here.  Is it because you don't know how to kill yourself?  Is it that you're not sure you can even die because of what you did to yourself, what you made yourself into?  Because of the
“Don’t ask me, I’m 0 for 1,” Tony says.  “I actually meant that we kind of have a time machine.”
“Don’t have to be quiet,” Stark murmurs in his ear.  “Nobody can hear you, and even if they can, hell, it’s my house - they can think whatever they want.  In fact, I’d
“Oh, god,” Steve said, pressing his face into the pillow and working his hand.
Steve pulled off, looking sweaty and slightly embarrassed and
been killed in action."
“So what, you’re watching me all the time now?”
Smoke hangs heavy in the air, and Steve can guess that everyone else’s ears are still ringing, but his feel fine, which means now’s his chance: he elbows one of his keepers in the gut, then grabs the gun from his hand and swings around to knock the other out with a blow to the temple.
Rhodey looks unimpressed.  “It’s not the kind of joke you can make around the secretary of defense and you know it.”
“It’s
He measured.
“Me too,” Banner says, with only a dash of reluctance.
“Yes, the Black Widow, a known assassin and spy,” Jameson says, and Tony feels Sam tense beside him.  “Responsible for at least fourteen known hits against American citizens.  Died a hero, I’m sure.”
Steve pulls back like Tony slapped him.  “We were trying to - ”
want.  Some days he’s nothing else.  It’s gotten him into trouble more times than he can count, because Tony’s never fucking
Steve pauses outside the next door, but there’s nothing for it.  He cracks open the door and, squeezing his eyes shut, calls out, “Begging your pardon, but are there any towels in here?”
Miss Romanov is the only one among them who can get away with walking in the front door of a mob operation without risking a chest full of lead.  While she distracts the boys in the front, Steve and Stark will sneak in through the back entrance, Barton will climb the fire escape, and Banner and Odinson will wait for Barton’s all clear to go in the side door.  Banner says the laboratories of these set-ups are usually on the ground floor - the scientists are smart enough to like the idea of an easy escape - and with any luck, they’ll be in and out in ten minutes with an armful of whatever records they can find and a blueprint of the place to hand over to the feds.
something.”
"Find out," Natasha tells him.
“I think he thought he could reason with them.  Most people are happy about what you guys did, but not everybody, you know?”
It was, in the end, just another thing to add to the list, long and ever-growing, of Things He Hid From Peggy.
, they can.
“Well, we had to make do, we didn’t exactly pack for a tropical beach vacation.”
.  It’s fragile.  The Hulk - you know I love the guy, but he
Natasha pulled up the base’s tracking system.  “Scott and Carol and Rhodey went to see their families, and Rocket and Nebula are in orbit.”
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Tony says.
“No,” Thor said innocently.
"It's so interesting, Tony," Killian says.  "For someone who doesn't get his hands dirty himself, you sure never have worried about putting others in harm's way.  Boys?"
There’s a long silence, and then a sigh, and the door closes behind Bruce without another word.
There’s a woman holding her purse out in front of her like a shield.  She’s backed up against a dumpster, and a man is pointing a knife at her.  When Steve calls out, “Drop it!” they both look up, startled.
“What in the name of all that is good and holy is that?” Clint said.
He works on the entire flight home, and then he works til Morgan arrives, and then after Morgan goes to sleep he goes back to work.  Pepper used to get on him about it, tell him that working himself to an early grave wasn’t going to help anybody, but nowadays there’s nobody to nag him except Friday, and he’s programmed her to back off, so it’s a quiet night.
Not that he’d ever really thought about it.  Ever since he could remember, there had always been other people to deal with food, or if for whatever reason there wasn’t, there was always the equally simple option of Not Dealing With Food.  Tony could make a mean smoothie, and Tony could boil water if it was needed for some kind of experiment, but beyond that Tony’s various kitchens were more or less decorative.
once in a while - ”
Steve chuckles, presses his forehead to Tony’s.  “You’re right.”
“Right,” Peter says, sounding satisfied.  “You want some more cake?”
“Oh, I didn’t say it wasn’t.  I just  shouldn’t have said it.”
Steve looks out the windshield.  “Where are we
“For crying out loud, Stark, what was that?”
“It’s fine, I knew I would pay for my sins eventually,” Clint said, backing away from Thor.
“And space in the closet?”
“I… don’t know,” Steve admits.  “I don’t think there’s anything that helps, really.”
“I can’t get food poisoning,” Thor said smugly.
“I’d been trying to figure out a way to ask,” Steve admitted, pulling Tony off balance just so he could catch him.  “I figured another month or so of thinking about it really hard might do the trick.”
"Afternoon," Steve says.  "Thanks for meeting with me."
“What are we celebrating?”
“You know,” Bruce said, “I’d always wondered.”
“Great, so you’d rather just skip right to your question,” Strange says.
, Tony thinks and doesn’t say, but Pepper seems to hear it anyway.
Steve pulled back.  “Drunk enough to think this is a good idea.”
“Oh, come on,” he says, sliding a hand around her waist.  “A pretty little thing like you shouldn’t be alone on a nice night like this.”
“That’s old,” Morgan says.
“Yup.  Tonight.  I’ll pick you up?”
Natasha considers several possible answers, and settles finally on the truth.  “Most men only have a couple of things on their mind.  You seem to have a lot more than that.  It’s… compelling.”
“Oh thank fucking
“I’m sure plenty of people will,” Steve says, heading up the stairs.  The front hall is wall-to-wall with people, and everybody’s dressed to the nines, the women in flashy gowns and the men in sharp suits and bow ties.  Steve feels underdressed in the nicest thing he owns.
“I don’t know,” Steve said, honestly.
“You’re not going to be sick,” Steve said.
"I'm not here to see him," Steve says.
of you move, he’s dead.  Be a shame for one of my agents to get caught on the wrong side of a bust, but the bureau can weather the storm.  I won’t hesitate.”
"Well, we welcome all sorts," Romanov says archly.  "You're here to see Dr. Banner."
“The difference is that shotgunning a Natty Light in your dorm room is very different than being served a beer at your job by the adults who are theoretically responsible for you,” Tony says.
“You’re such an asshole sometimes.”  Steve glances at him, but Tony’s staring out at the black, wide-open prairie.  “How’s everybody doing?”
The blunt tip of Steve’s cock makes its way past Tony’s rim, and then... there, it’s happening. He’s being fucked into the floor.
Tony can’t say what he’s feeling. There’s pain, sure, but it also feels good, Steve touching him like this, so kind and careful. Loving.
Tony smiles, but it’s a counterfeited smile; it doesn’t reach his eyes even though it’s trying to. Steve doesn’t call him out on it. Tony smiles that smile and says, “Shut up,” in the sweetest way, and then he rests his forehead against Steve’s.
“Yeah. And I’m your Omega.”
Steve touches him with his free hand, thrusts harder into him with his fingers, says, “You’ve never been this hard before,” he strokes once, twice, three times, and Tony comes, suddenly, violently, shaking all over, sobbing, screaming, losing every shred of control he has ever had over himself.
Tony reaches back to grab Steve’s hand and bring it forward. He kisses his fingers.
A knock against the door.
Steve smiles. “I’d love to hug She-Hulk.”
“Yes.”
“Okay, yes.”
Tony’s face crumbles again. “Shit. Sorry. I didn’t mean—”
“You want to go somewhere you’ve never been to?”
“I… I know so.”
He’s a terrible father. He’s a terrible, terrible father.
With very quick movements Steve gets up from the bed and takes Tony with him, keeps him impaled on his cock. He turns, walks a few steps, shoves Tony up against a wall and fucks into him again, fast and deep.
“And you read it too, Steve?”
Tony drags a hand across his face, over his mouth. At this point, he doesn’t even notice the tears. Crying is just something that happens and can’t be helped, like sweating.
“Yeah, come on.”
Goddammit.
“Honestly, that sounds disgusting, and I grew up dirt poor in the 1920s.”
Steve was his.
“Yeah. You were crying. What happened?”
“It’s early. We can go to Florence if you still want to,” Tony hears himself say, but Steve doesn’t reply. Steve doesn’t do anything at all.
“My blood is your blood. My flesh is your flesh. My mind is your mind.  May our bond be never-ending, may our lives be tied forever. There is no beginning and no conclusion. We are together as one in the garden of life.”
But still, Steve… Steve came in his pants. And that was awkward.
“Leave me alone.”
Not that he has ever given this a lot of thought, or that any of it was particularly serious. It was like, whatever. Who knows. Maybe. Someday. Probably.
“I’m fine,” Tony whispers, “we’re fine, we’re okay. We’re both okay.”
“Yikes! That’s gross!”
think you guys should leave,” he says.
And stop thinking the exact same things he used to think ten years ago, effectively proving to himself how he wasted a good part of his life being mad at Steve and hurting their daughter and learning absolutely nothing from it.
“Hi.”
She lowers her head, the memories clouding her mind. “I don’t know how to describe it to someone else, but Maria and I… we just clicked. We were different in many aspects, but where it mattered we were actually very similar. We understood each other.”
He wants to run away, he wants to... he wants to stop existing for a few minutes, just a few minutes, until he can breathe again.
“What about the serum?”
I dress. I haven’t done that in a long time. Tights, a short tunic with a belt, soft leather boots.
Steve never expected to go out like this. He always thought he’d die in the field, Iron Man by his side. Maybe not as a result of some grand heroic gesture—he’s been careful with those since Sarah was born, they both have—but still in battle. Not whimpering in a bed damp with his own sweat and come.
doesn’t get another chance? What makes me worthy of mine, if he isn’t worthy of his? The possibility needs to be there. What people do with it, what they choose to do, defines them. But the possibility. It needs to be there.”
“—is getting really stale and—I’m not implying anything, I’m outright saying it.”
and just ask Tony, demand an explanation, he has the right to it. But he is scared. After that night when he triggered Tony’s panic attack (and Jesus, Steve would kick himself in the face if he could) he is afraid that the wrong word at the wrong time could put an end to this whole amazing clusterfuck. Like this, he still gets to be with Tony. Sporadically, quickly, with Tony acting as closed off as any human could possibly be during sex, but he gets something. Sure, he feels like he has to pick up the pieces of his soul every time and put them back together after the devastation laid by hurricane Tony, but still. It’s Tony. Steve can’t say no, can’t bring himself to do it. Doesn’t want to at all, actually.
She brings a hand up to cover her mouth, and sobs, unashamed of her grief, as if she were alone in the room.
“In fact, I do. I really hope you two can work things out. I have spent some time talking with Captain Rogers and… He made a mistake, but I don’t believe there was malice behind his actions. I understand you struggle to see it that way—”
How can anyone sit angrily? Sarah can.
Steve snorts. “Let’s go, before the girls call the police on the two weirdos standing outside their shop.”
Tony straightens himself up, and checks the red mark in the shape of Steve’s teeth on his shoulder. It’s not very visible against the dark red of the bruise, but he touches it with a finger and smiles.
Tony can barely keep his eyes open.
, and I said,
He’s furious. Frustrated. I know because he’s not shouting. He’s almost whispering.
“It is,” Tony replies with a laugh.
That was strange.
He gets up after that, and shuts the bathroom door softly behind his back.
It’s a rainy day. Big, dark clouds have been covering the sky since the early morning, the rain hasn’t let up for a moment, lightning and thunder chasing each other between the skyscrapers.
She looks so different from how Tony remembers her. She looks like she’s been lit up from the inside.
“She saw the future,” Steve says gently, looking at Tony straight in the eye.
Steve stares up at Tony, completely rapt, and groans, Tony is still fucking into him relentlessly and
The Hydra symbol on his chest.
He had three blue roses delivered to the compound once. He just wanted to stare at them for a while, because Tony’s never been good at not hurting himself when he could. Pepper saw them.
He touches his belt. He lets his hand land over the pouch where he keeps his phone. He takes it out, opens it. He scrolls down the few numbers listed and stops at
“Is it like it was in Wakanda? All those years ago?”
“Hey, Tony, hey, hey, look at me, look at me, sweetheart, it’s fine, you’re safe, just breathe, okay, just—”
“I’m sorry we made you feel like that. That I made you feel like that. But we’ll find a way, Tony. This threat is bigger than us, than our personal issues. We’ll stand together against it no matter what, I’m sure of it.”
Ah, fuck it. Might as well get a good work-out session out of it, right?
“Hey, sweetheart,” he tries, and goddammit, he needs to stop slipping like this, “Tony. Why don’t you open the door, uh? Let me—” in? Hold you? Love you? “—help you.”
He was accepting it.
“Hi,” Steve says, because he doesn’t know what else to say.
“Well, he’s a way better choice. He’s Italian, works in Italy, is a genius. He never made weapons for the US Military. His science is
Tony dries off and dresses and goes back into the bedroom.
Just breathe. Just listen to Tony’s voice. Not hurt. The promise is kept.
Steve sits next to him after a minute, holding a page from his sketchbook to his heart.
“Don’t… leave me… again.”
Tony’s voice is rough and cracks, but Steve leaves the chair and goes lay down next to him under the covers. They’re facing each other. Tony whispers, “Thank you,” and falls asleep.
During those few seconds, Steve is awake enough to be aware of his feelings, but he’s still also asleep enough to believe the lie that Tony is still alive. But then the moment passes, and reality slaps him in the face with all its brutality, and Steve opens his eyes, and the other side of his bed is empty because Tony isn’t there, because Tony is dead.
He feels so tired. He’s devastated, torn apart and left to bleed out. All his love for Tony, everything he thought he knew about them just shifts, and he feels as though he’s in a snow globe that a child was shaking and then dropped to the floor, and now Steve is there, waiting to see how all the white specks will fall down, the shapes they’ll make.
He ends up in a patch of trees. They press around the road as if they’re trying to swallow it, and Steve can’t see the hills anymore. He can hear animals running around the woods, squirrels, birds, wild boars. He sees a fox crossing the road, its red fur harsh against the gray asphalt. It looks at him, uncharacteristically bold. Maybe the curiosity of studying this strange new creature beats any survival instinct. A super soldier seen through the eyes of a fox.
“Comfortable?”
“It was... it was us, in your drawing, right? It was... it was us.”
“It is.”
For a second, the air is completely still. Everything is quiet with foreboding.
Maybe Steve is mustering up the strength to reject Tony’s apology. To shoulder all the fault, because he made the mistake and he’s the one who should pay for it. Maybe he even thinks that ten years aren’t enough. Ten years of the most lonely hell that could ever exist, Sarah the only thing that kept them both anchored to reality throughout it all.
"yeah made a batch just for you sweetie." she hands him a bag with a dozen cookies in it. "Bucky helped me out with them, so did Shadow." The eyes around Jordie's neck blink sliding out to see Peter "
"T-thank you wade.." Peter replies still blushing his face full red.
Everyone looked over smiling seeing Peter "Peter!" everyone called. Giving a small smile and a wave as he walks through Peter replies "Hi guys."
She gives a wicked smile to him "good." then proceeds with the rest of the class the tour guide now coming out to greet them. "Hello! You guys must be Midtown, welcome to Stark Industries my name is Olivia Joyce and I'll be your tour guide today as the other tour guide seemed to catch a cold this week." Peter looked up when she said her name thank god it was Olivia maybe she could clear this up.
Shaking his head "No, Ned I can't afford to miss anymore days of school." he sniffs taking a tissue from the counter next to him blowing into it. "Dude! You look like your about to meet death, you need to go to the nurse."
When getting there he saw Jordie setting out a few trays of sweets in the class case. Makayla was coloring at one of the tables, there was the other thing Jordie loved. When she and Bucky got together after the war everyone was glad each of them except Tony who still needed time to get use to Bucky. Now with a joyful little child and another on the way.
Everyone gives a laugh before Wade brings up "So how's your field trip going Petey-pie? Besides that cut on your arm."
Liz chuckles ruffling his hair "That's good they've been keeping a good eye on you. Second Pepper told us to make up for what happened with your bullies, that maybe some autographs would help lighten the mood before you guys go."
"I can't believe I'm actually here."
Jordie shakes her head "No Shadow. Small things that people do don't deserve heads bitten off."
"I'm not lying miss I-"
When Flash punched again Peter grabbed his arm and flipped Flash to the ground. The room was silent before clapping was heard "yay Petey!" Makayla cheered Tony smiles and does the same "wait to go kid."
"Shut up Fatso of all pound you into next week!" Flash growls
"Oh sorry sweetie. Maybe when it's over Mr. Stark can have you back up in the penthouse." taking a basket from the table besides her Olivia started to explain the ID badges "Alright guys, these are your security badges for today you must wear them for the day and have the visible or else you will be kicked out. Our head security isn't that
Seems everyone loves this. tbh I never excepted this to happen but this'll probably be my only chapter upload until the weekend possibly because I am a person with a life and things can get real hard in life. I appreciate those who are waiting and excited for the next chapter ^-^
Steve helps Tony lie down on the bed. He takes a towel from the bathroom and sits down next to Tony, almost smiling, shy and ashamed, carefully cleaning him up. “I’m leaking everywhere,” Tony has the time to say before the smile dies on Steve’s face. His pupils dilate and he bares his teeth with his effort to endure the pain, the fury of the rut. He’s already hard.
He rummages in a drawer for the bottle of lube he knows is there. God, no one has used it in so long. But he can’t think about that now, it doesn’t matter. It will hardly affect either of them.
“Jesus.”
It’s… it’s fine.
He can’t leave without Steve.
Maybe there’s a place where Steve never kept that secret from Tony. Where there wasn’t even any secret to keep, because Steve never knew it before Tony, or Barnes wasn’t chosen to kill Tony’s parents, or he never even became the Winter Soldier, because Steve was stronger and faster and could catch him before he fell off the train.
“No.”
Tony steadies his breath.
In the lab, Tony is tinkering. Steve can always tell when he’s really working on something, deeply focused on a project, and when he isn’t. Right now he’s not idle, and the work isn’t mindless or useless, of course, but it doesn’t look like Tony has any specific task to bring to completion. He’s just doing a bit of this and a bit of that, and in the end all those bits will probably be meaningful to Tony in ways Steve has never been good at understanding, but has always been capable of appreciating.
“Tony—”
“Yes. I promise.”
“You wonder, was it worth it? All this pain.”
“Like a beam of light. Like it is for everyone else.”
“What?”
Steve is still nowhere to be seen. Tony misses him. He wants him close, wants to hold his hand and make sure he’s alright. He hopes Steve’s alright.
“You’re going to wear it, right? Is it okay?”
“I’m here,” Tony reassures him, offering him one hand to hold, but Steve waves it away.
The sensation isn’t utterly novel. Tony’s always felt bad about himself, but it was something private, that he kept for himself. He never shared it with anyone, always shielded that part of his mind even from Steve when they first created the bond. But now it’s all exposed, all out in the open—there are all his mistakes, there, lined up in an orderly fashion so they can be examined and scrutinized; he can gauge how much they weigh on his heart, how much they’ve hurt Steve and Sarah. He never thought that calculating an exact quantity could disrupt him so intimately.
“Wha—” he says, and then, when Steve presses his face against his ass and his tongue inside his hole, “Holy fucking shit… Holy—”
Tony nods, sharply, “Together,” he whispers, and Steve rolls his hips into him.
It’s a bit of a mess, shaving a beard this long, but Steve is patient and thorough. When he’s done, he lathers up his face again, and passes the razor on his skin in the opposite direction.
Tony kicks the sheet away from himself, swings his legs over the side of the bed and sits up.
Tony’s watch beeps, and then it cries. Sarah’s awake.
It’s such a gorgeous sight that Steve’s dick pulses more come into Tony, and he wonders if it would gush out of him, if the knot wasn’t there to keep it in.
He lets them fall, mingle with the raindrops streaming down his skin.
“Enjoy it as much as you can, alright?”
“And I’ve done it. And I’ve watched you, these last few days, I’ve watched you, and listened to you, and talked with you, and shared everything with you—even my mother’s past, even the closest thing to a parent I have left on this earth.
“I hate you.”
That’s when the men come and take Steve away.
No part of him is missing after the upheaval. After the revelation, Steve feels as though all the little pieces of himself have been scattered around, messed up; he feels as if he’s wearing his own skin inside out. But every part of him is accounted for, in a way that wasn’t true half an hour ago, when he still thought Tony was—
Tony gets up from the bed to take off his pants and t-shirt, drapes them over a chair. He opens the French window and stands there for a few minutes, letting the breeze cool his skin, dry away the thin layer of sweat covering him. It’s a slow process, because the air is stifling even in the middle of the night. He should install air conditioning, but every time he thinks about it he feels queasy, like he’s thinking about disrupting the natural order of things.
“In her letters,” Stella starts again with a deep sigh, “she mentioned it happening three times in total. First two times he shoved her during an argument. Once, she hit the wall, got a bump on the back of her head for a week. Third time, he slapped her. She said she was happy you were at school so you wouldn’t see the bruise.”
Steve just wants to touch him. Words? Nah, fuck words. He just wants to touch, to lick between Tony’s legs until the pounding in his head stops. He tries to grab him, but Tony’s stronger than Steve right now.
“What did they say?”
Steve was Bucky’s best man.
“Oh no, Tony, of course she didn’t regret having you! You were everything to her, everything! But your father was… he wasn’t good to you. And he wasn’t good to her.”
“So I passed your test?”
“What are you thinking about?”
Well. Isn’t this interesting.
“How much?”
Steve passes him his washcloth and soap, and soon Tony is scrubbing his skin clean while Steve massages shampoo on Tony’s scalp. After, Steve quickly rubs body wash all over himself, then Tony makes him sit on the bench and washes his hair. His shoulder aches at some point, but he ignores it. He must do a poor job of hiding the discomfort from his face though, because when they dry off and are dressing in the bedroom, Steve goes back into the bathroom for a moment to retrieve Tony’s body lotion.
“You know what my name means, right?”
“Ciao!” she shouts, ecstatic. She closes her eyes and pats Tony on the back. “It’s so nice to meet you, my boy,” she says, with a cute Italian accent.
Steve’s mind screams at him, and he wants to grab Tony’s hip, see exactly how small it looks in his big hand, he wants to press his face into Tony’s stomach and breathe him in, deep, keep him in his lungs for as long as possible.
He spreads Tony’s legs more, and his finger sinks further into him with the motion. Tony’s got his eyes half-closed and his lips parted, and he looks like everything Steve has ever wanted.
Steve squeezes his eyes shut, grits his teeth, clenches his jaw, hard.
Tony gets up from the wall to place himself in front of Steve, standing between his knees. Steve places a hand on Tony’s ribs and looks at his chest, where he knows the reactor is.
“We’re not going anywhere today?”
The way she always looked Steve over before he went out, making sure he was dressed all proper, that his hair looked good and his shoes were clean, so people wouldn’t think badly of her, letting her son go around the city like this or that.
And he’s lost Steve.
Steve laughs, and sighs. “The part about the diamond in the middle of the heart… reminded me of you, of the shape of the reactor. And the hope that, you know, between all the people… there’s someone that’s different. That’s just for you. Not like a soulmate or anything, but like… someone that accepts you. That’s kind to you.”
They head inside. Manuela puts the key to Tony’s guest house on the reception desk, and Tony takes it. He is reasonably sure he would take it from her hand, too.
“Nope,” Steve says, lamely, and drops the cigarette in the glass, watches as it stops burning the moment it touches the water. He drags a hand on his face, scratches his beard. “Didn’t mean to wake you up.”
Steve tosses the remains of their lunch in the plastic bag and throws the whole thing in a trashcan.
is a strong word. But I’d cope with it. And being friends again, I’d love that.”
He breathes through his panic. It’s fine, most of the time. He barely has time to think about it at all, actually, because taking care of her is the priority.
“Let me be the judge of that, okay?”
“Tomorrow I’ll tell you. We’re going home. Tomorrow.”
He hears him gasp. He scrambles to his feet, walks to the door. But after that, he doesn’t know what to do.
Not quite yet.
Teeth on Tony’s shoulder.
“Flirting with Rhodey.”
Tony nods, once, sharply, and Steve places a hand on his neck, under his ear, holds him in place, brings their foreheads together. He doesn’t try to kiss Tony, doesn’t want to ask for more trust than he’s already been given. Slowly, he lowers his head until he’s almost lying stomach down on the floor, propping himself up with his elbows. Tony’s dick is inches away from Steve’s face, Tony’s hand is still moving fast and unforgiving. Then suddenly Tony stills, his whole body goes tense, and Steve knows it’s now or never. He leans down, opens his mouth, takes the head of Tony’s dick between his lips and sucks, once. Tony’s come is hot and thick on his tongue, the taste isn’t as bitter as he thought it would be. He lets his mouth be flooded, swallows as much as he can, lets the rest run down his chin freely, shamelessly, makes a mess of himself, lets it drop back down Tony’s length, on his hand, on his neck. And again, like some strange force beat it out of him, like he’s violating some sort of cosmic law just by thinking about allowing himself this, Tony moans, and Steve still isn’t sure if it’s out of pleasure, of pain, of both.
“I know that. And you know what I think? That the one drawing the short straw here is Steve. He’s out of his mind with want and need, and I just go to him like,
Bucky watches her, curious and anxious. She seems to think briefly about something, then she stops drinking and fiddles with the edge of the glass.
The pain passes the point where tears can soothe it.
“I don’t—”
As if on cue, Tony turns, leans back against the counter, and crosses his arms. He looks to the floor.
“She used to say she liked him at first because he was always clean. Said other boys weren’t. She said he was good. Excited about having a baby. Wanted a daughter.” He smiles a little at the thought. “But she never said much. Always cried when she talked about him, so I tried not to ask. He loved her very much, I think. She did, too.”
“I was
Tony avoids looking at Steve, gathers saliva in his mouth and spits in his hand, takes both their dicks in his fist and starts stroking, fast, and Steve’s brain after that,
He hasn’t said a single word since it started.
She has dark hair and dark eyes and the first thing Tony thinks when he sees her is
He sleeps.
“The teenager’s back, Steve.”
Steve huffs a little laugh, and helps Tony out of the bathtub, follows him back into the shower. Tony doesn’t feel very steady on his legs, but he grabs his washcloth and lathers it up. He starts scrubbing himself meticulously, like he does every day, his arms first, his neck—
“I love you too. That’s why—fuck, ahh, fuck—that’s why you need to do it. Because you love me and because I love you.”
He wants to cry again.
It’s not an accusation, but Steve must feel called out enough to relax his pose by a fraction.
“I know you are, man. But it’s not on you. I fucked up, I’m paying the price. And he’s paying the most of us all.”
They push themselves up on their feet.
Steve’s eyes feel so heavy.
Steve comes inside of Tony twice more. When he slips out, he rests his head on Tony’s stomach for a whole ten minutes, in silence, until he breathes normally again. He turns to look up, and—
He wants to go looking for Tony, but doesn’t want to seem clingy. In a while, if Tony isn’t back, he’ll call him or try to find him.
It’s scary how sexy Tony can be even when he’s wearing a dirty tank top, even with streaks of grease on his face. Even smelling like sweat.
“I am,” Steve jokes, and Tony smiles, lazy, and a bit out of it. Sweat beads his hairline and he doesn’t seem all that capable of keeping his eyes open.
The fight is slightly more difficult, but Steve has the shield and a padded suit, and Tony has his armor. The man is wearing cotton.
Tony wears it even if he’s still barely half-hard, places Steve’s hand on himself, and Steve feels him getting harder, but Tony has never been hard while Steve was inside him before.
Steve starts drawing again.
Steve sighs deeply. “Do you regr—”
Steve nods and kisses the hollow of his throat, soft and gentle. “You, too.”
“I’d go crazy in two days, Steve. But I’m glad you like it.”
Tony wants to smile back, but then he remembers that he doesn’t want to smile back.
, Steve thinks.
You are my whole life!
“Steve.”
by heart.
They wake up late.
He’s about to say something to keep Tony awake, even if he feels like an asshole for doing it, when Tony sits up suddenly, yawns, and presses his hands to his face.
Tony’s voice echoes against the damp walls of the tiny room they’re in. In his eyes, Steve can now read all the anguish Tony is usually so good at hiding, as well as some kind of Omega instinct he represses on a daily basis.
Steve covers his eyes with his hands, frustrated, annoyed, impatient. “Please Tony don’t do this. Please please please, I can’t take another night like this, please.”
“I’m sure you expected that.”
But now, in this moment that could be the last he has with Tony—because they could die fighting later tonight; because sending Spider-Man in the past could erase their entire reality—for now, Steve pulls Tony close, rubs his face into the soft skin of Tony’s neck, and lets himself be happy.
Tony places the bottle on the table.
“Oh, baby, I—”
“I know that. I’m not doing it. I swear.”
Steve must know about Tony’s past, must have read about it on one of S.H.I.E.L.D.’s files or maybe even on that stupid unauthorized biography that Clint won’t stop bringing up as a joke. He must know about Tony’s youth spent welcoming way too many people between his legs, people he sure wasn’t bonded with, and in many cases wouldn’t want to be, ever. All those rich and spoiled Alphas who had an arranged marriage with a virgin Omega they had never met a few years ahead of them, all those sleazy scumbags in the weapon business who were used to cutting deals with Omegas only in a very specific way… But even though the days since Tony felt ashamed of his sexual history are long gone—you can get too old for that too, apparently—now he feels bad about it anew, because Steve knows about it, and he must have thought… after Tony’s stupid flirting, he must have thought…
There’s a long silence after the projection disappears. Thousands of thoughts race through Steve’s mind, and he doesn’t know which ones to voice.
Steve clothes were in Tony’s closet. The book Steve was reading was on the other bedside table, the one Tony didn’t use. Sometimes, Tony would come back from the workshop late at night to find that Steve had left his sketchbook and pencils on the kitchen counter and had gone to bed.
Now he’s not so sure.
They’re close to Parma now, and Tony feels like tortellini in brodo for dinner, screw the summer heat. They just need to drive past Reggio Emilia, and then head for Scandiano. He knows just the place.
“Devo. Speravo di evitare di andare in città stamattina, ma…” she sighs, “ne approfitterò per prendere il pollo al mercato per pranzo, che ne dici? Due, okay? Uno per Steve. Basterà?”
There’s a wedding ring on his finger.
Steve feels incredibly stupid for thinking Tony forgot about him, and then absurdly relieved that he actually didn’t.
like him.”
The moment Steve turns to look at him, the moment their eyes meet, Tony knows that there’s very little of Steve in the body on his bed. Or, yes, Steve is there, but he’s buried deep under something else.
“Steve—” Tony whispers, and god, his lips are so close. If he concentrates enough, he could recall the taste of Steve’s saliva perfectly, could almost feel it again on his tongue, the memory clear and exact.
“She said no. I insisted, and she kept saying no. I called her the next day. I told her when my plane would leave, that I had booked tickets for the both of you. I said I’d be at the airport, waiting for her. But she never came. She never came… So I left, and I didn’t do anything except offer her a shoulder to cry on from an ocean away. Two years later, I met Laura, and fell in love with her. We lived happily ever after for almost forty years. And Maria didn’t.”
There is… there’s a song.
“I didn’t want to risk too much so I tried to see what I could handle each time,” Steve nods, so Tony continues, “But we never did it like–”
It’s not raining anymore, and the birds are chirping loudly between the front yard trees.
“It’s not as good, is all I’m saying.”
Even though Steve had smiled.
“And now you can’t anymore?”
One corner of Tony’s mouth tugs upwards without his permission, but he quickly wrestles his face into a neutral expression, and nods at Steve in acknowledgment.
They search through the pictures in the box, and the conversation turns inevitably to Laura. The way Stella talks about her, you wouldn’t say she’s dead. It’s like she was here just yesterday, like she’ll be here again tomorrow.
“Then they’re perfect,” replied Tony, and Pepper, who was about to leave, came back and sat next to him, took off her heels, and stole Tony’s curly fries.
“You wouldn’t be allowed on Italian soil otherwise, so yes, I know.”
He removes them quickly.
But it crashes down on him—the realization of what Tony did.
They’ll have to find somewhere to sleep before that, though. Tony feels exhausted, jetlagged. He wants a drink—
“Glad?”
Steve is familiar with the concept, more than he’d like to be. He’s always wondered why his healing factor doesn’t take care of stuff like that, of the chemical imbalance in his brain. Or maybe it does as much as possible to keep him functional. Maybe without the serum the guilt wouldn’t even let him get up from bed in the morning.
Tony lifts his head to look at him, but Steve is looking at the grandfather clock.
Everything stops. Everything stops hurting the minute he’s buried deep into Tony.
It’s just… it’s just words, Tony knows. Steve doesn’t mean them. He knows Tony can’t have another child.
“Aren’t you angry? Jealous?”
“I don’t know, Steve. Maybe you don’t. But him... If there’s one thing he didn’t deserve, it’s what’s been done to him.”
And after... after
And the illumination comes when Tony envisions the futures where Steve isn’t part of his life. Those are dark and cold, the worst possible worlds. Tony, too, becomes dark and cold over the years, solitude shaping his heart into the opposite of the light nestled in the middle of his chest—it’s a black hole of nothing. He sees the world being put at stake because of his stubbornness, Rhodey eventually leaving him with a regretful grimace on his face. Pepper left years ago.
“Oh. Oh, alright. That sounds cool.”
“Come here.”
The bread is crunchy outside and fluffy inside; the meat is spongy, but not in an unpleasant way. The spices complement the other flavors in a perfect equilibrium.
Tony nods, slowly, and looks at the floor. His shoulders sag in something very similar to defeat.
“It’s not weird. I thought you’d been pretty much anywhere around here.”
Rage boils inside him.
“I love you too. Steve. I love you too.”
“Right. Sure,” Steve says, rolling his eyes and making Tony laugh again.
“And the necklace. You never had it before. You put it on when we go out, every time; even now you have it on, but as soon as we get home it disappears.”
“It was—”
Steve stops thrusting and strokes Tony’s dick again, and it doesn’t take much for him to come, with a pained sob that struggles to come out and just dies in his throat.
I discovered a beautiful song the other day, it's already a couple of years old and I don't know how we never talked about it. It's by Mia Martini, the title is
It’s not a problem for Steve. He wouldn’t force his own interests on someone else.
Tony sees it coming a mile away. Steve steels himself, straightens his shoulders, sighs. He says, “Maybe I’m gonna fuck this up all over again, but…” then goes for it.
All the Avengers—old and new—visit Tony; all of them want to hold Maria and play with her. Some look more doubtful than others at the idea of Tony being a father, or maybe those others are just better at hiding how they really feel. But in the end, they wish him well. Him and Maria, that is.
“I’m going to hurt you now,” he says each time before starting.
“Unsteadily and unreliably?”
They dislocate his shoulder.
Then perhaps Steve is real.
Maybe in some of them it was worse. Maybe somewhere in the multiverse all this Accords shit ended up with someone dead. Tony hopes it was him. He couldn’t imagine himself surviving the guilt of hurting Steve in the most irreparable way. For Steve, it’d be different. He could move on. Many would probably even thank him.
It’s a humpback whale. Blue and white. Crochet.
Steve isn’t so sure.
Bucky and Nat are both shouting things that Tony can’t really understand right now. He’s not paying attention.
And that. That does it.
“What did they want from you?”
“Why?”
Tony sleeps.
He knows he won’t be himself when he wakes up again; he’s barely himself now.
What they do, though, that changes: Tony avoids being touched by Steve for a couple more times, but then he starts to slowly allow it. Steve gets Tony to fuck his fist, and Tony is different that time, his eyes are not just closed, they’re shut tight, there’s a deep furrow on his brow, his face is twisted in a pained expression.
to tell Tony, he’d try to make him understand, but...
Steve wishes he knew what to do.
“Might be the final straw for Pepper, but you sure can try.”
“It’s okay, it’s okay,” Steve says urgently, and Tony wonders if he has inadvertently said something out loud. “Listen. Despite all our back and forth... and all the things we’ve said and done to each other, I want you to know… I—”
They’re together, and it’s the best thing in the world.
He dreams of throwing the shield, of closing his eyes, of his head being severed—swiftly, precisely, neatly. This, he won’t heal from.
“You sure you’re gonna be okay on your own?”
It’s over.
“She’s gonna be a genius, I already know it,” Steve says. “She’s your kid, after all.”
“What happened in Leipzig wasn’t bad PR enough?”
Tony looks at Steve, who isn’t breathing. He’s waiting for Tony’s reaction, expecting it to be terrible, maybe, but hoping it won’t be.
