John clearly hears the unspoken sir at the end of that statement. He ignores it and rummages in the little fridge for a bottle of grape juice.
“Don’t hurt him, please.” Ophelia whispers. Something registers in John’s mind at her words, something he can’t quite hold onto; someone else has said similar to him recently.
Should auld acquaintance be forgot,
John decides that he’s in for a long night so he stops at the front counter and requests a pot of coffee to be delivered to their room.
John relaxes against the backrest of the seat in Sherlock’s car. If he were to call the thing ‘well loved’ and a ‘mechanics special’ he would probably still fall short of actually being able to describe it. In its former life it was a Ford of some type, a four door saloon that probably saw its last really good days in about nineteen eighty five. The interior could use a bit of seeing to, actually, John thinks, it could use a bit of yanking out and putting new back into it. The way the engine purrs, however, as Sherlock deftly shifts gears, at least attests to some care paid to it.
There’s a loud thud in the dusty silence of the empty office building, a screech, then a high-pitched yapping. A low snarl and the big Were howls in pain. John quickly recovers his momentum, dropping to his knees on the brute’s back and yanking his arms above his head.
With a troubled sigh, he finds that he’s watching the newcomer closely, deciding that he’s already trusted Sherlock this far, a bit more probably won’t hurt. After all, Sherlock hasn’t taken his eyes off the other man and John forces down what he is certain is misplaced jealousy that certainly doesn’t feel that way right at this instant. Sensing the roiling sentiment, Sherlock introduces the two men.
“Ms…” Sherlock tries in between watery sobs, a trifle annoyed that he’d deleted her name the moment she said it to John, as useless as that information often proves to be.
There is a distinct and very real possibility she does. He’s always felt like there’s more to the sweet lady than meets the eye. John snorts lowly. Hell, at this point he’s not going to be surprised if she turns out to be some long-lost Holmes aunt or something.
(…narrator listens with head tilted a la John Watson…)
“I’m sorry. I’ll just go…”
Sherlock continues to hold his wrists and stare.
“Get the fuck out!”
when he cannot put them into words he can utter aloud. He can Feel Sherlock’s concern at the corners of his own awareness. “I can’t…”
The jiggling of the knob on the door downstairs forces his attention back to the flat. Looking at the clock on the mantel, he’s a bit surprised to see that it is well after midnight. He’s been sitting here in the almost-dark for two hours. Knowing Sherlock will need some refreshment, he meanders to the hob as Sherlock flies through the door at a trot, heading straight to the loo. John smiles and pulls their mugs out.
(Fine. Back to the story.)
He thinks.
Toby inhales loudly then laughs against the side of his neck. “Oh, you military types are all the same! Regulations, regulations, regulations!”
“Agoraphobic,” Sherlock mutters half to himself and half to John. Aloud he says, “Adrian’s brother.”
John glances back towards the kitchen then up to Sherlock, who is wearing a smug grin that wouldn’t look out of place on a shark after a feeding frenzy. “Go on, then,” he says, finding a matching grin being plastered across his face.
“Hmmm…when I took a break while you waited for Greg to finish arresting Jonas.”
After two heartbeats, John visibly deflates, one hand covering his eyes. “I need to sit down.”
(Also, John is a tad bit wicked himself and thinks House does deserve dastardly deletions.)
Douglas doesn’t hear much more of the conversation, because the two men on the plane move a little ways apart and he gets a look at the ginger’s face. Something in the region of his chest drops to his feet and he wouldn’t move now if fifty stampeding elephants tried to push him away. Douglas determines right then and there that he’s going to get to know this man, one way or the other.
“Victoria passed away when I was six,” Mycroft adds.
“Knock it off this instant.” Mummy orders without raising her voice or even turning around.
Eventually my door opens again and I spend the time with the stranger thinking of Thomas and wondering what he would say if I could tell him that sometimes I remember his words and their meanings in the oddest moments.
Edwina rests her hands on her hips and turns her eyes up towards the ceiling, looking thoughtful. She starts to answer John but is interrupted as Sherlock strides into the room, coat tails flapping behind him.
good, this is certainly progress in the right direction.
“Thank you, but we are actually going home.” John pets the Cat’s back almost absently.
John doesn’t answer over the loud whoosh of sound of the welding machine starting back up. As they exit the building, he can’t shake the feeling that he’s missed something.
In the lift, House congratulates himself for the well-placed jibe. If anything is going to get under Sherlock’s vampire-like skin, that will. He grins evilly and turns to face the wall, hoping John doesn’t see the nasty expression that is warping his features.
“Tea, John?” he calls.
Some of them are angry and see me the way I see the useless tapestry. They do the business quickly and leave. I don’t matter. Others want to talk but I can’t since I don’t remember how, they stop trying and get on with things; there’s a few who’ve gotten angry. Out of those, some try different languages…a few of those I’ve understood the words but not the meanings. How could I?
“So you must be the wingwalker Douglas went to rescue.” Arthur states, holding out his hand in Martin’s direction and changing the subject completely.
Mable tucks the business card away into a pocket and hefts her very large and very pink handbag over her shoulder. “I apologize Doctor Watson, I promise to give you a call tomorrow once I get myself back together. Thank you for seeing me on such short notice, and please pass my gratitude on to Mr. Holmes. I am so terribly worried about my nephew…”
“Out with it.” After a heartbeat, he adds, “Please.”
“Yeah, well, that part of my life is good and over now,” John sighs again and rests his head against the back of the seat.
There’s a loud screech and the three of them find themselves on the icy end of a very angry dark-eyed glare brought to them by a huge black and white bird of prey. It drops to the floor, opening its magnificent wings and opening its beak to let out a harsh, angry hiss.
“You son of a bitch! You kidnapped the wrong one! What kind of moronic single-brain cell wonder are you, anyway? I even gave you a description! This one is good, but not. The. Right. One!” She ear-splittingly growls and spits in anger like a wet cat deprived of someone to claw in self-righteous indignation.
“Sherlock, you’ve got to stop. You’re going to give me a heart attack.” He knows better, though, Sherlock’s gonna keep prodding at the unknown bomb until they all either die or he figures the damn thing out.
With a final scream that Sounds to John awfully like a Warning, the Owl flaps his great wings and the Osprey stops struggling, one wing pinned to the ground by a strong claw. John can no longer make out the exact details of the fight, but it seems to him that the Owl has won by a landslide.
Martin scratches the back of his neck. “Yeah, I guess it is, though I’ve gotten most of it from the papers and John’s blog.”
“Ah, don’t be embarrassed. Happens to us all. Sorry about the bite, mate, but you have c-a-t written all over you.” Victor gestures towards Sherlock’s ankle, where there’s almost nothing left of the wound now but some dried blood and dark pink skin. “Oh,” he says softly, his own eyes flickering over the lanky teenager trying hard to make himself invisible. “That’s why.”
In the flat on Baker Street, Sherlock closes John’s bedroom door quietly before sitting down on the landing outside it. He justifies his actions as being due to John calling out and sending Distress along their Link, knowing that since the beginning, John has never liked Sherlock prying about his room too much. Not like it ever actually stopped him, he just keeps his snooping to the times when he’s alone in the flat.
From the corner, Sherlock raises his head.
Sherlock queries, breaking into the train of John’s thoughts.
“Yes, John,” Sherlock agrees, now moving closer. Grasping John’s bicep as the groggy man turns over, he tugs a little to help him stand up. “Come on, go get into your bed. Your shoulder will be killing you in the morning if you don’t.”
“There, that’s better.” She nimbly holds her cup in long, graceful fingers. “Ask me.”
“If you try to get away again, I’m just going to kill you right here. Do you understand me?” With a half-crazed expression of anger, Barkley snarls into Martin’s face. He hefts the smaller man over his shoulder and takes the time to ensure a squeeze to his injured thigh for good measure.
Sherlock takes full advantage and leans down in order to press their lips together. They are soon interrupted by the clearing of a throat.
Yeah, I’m sure that grabbed your interest. Since you are here for the wedding and we have plenty of time, I’ve heard that John’s sister hasn’t even shown up yet…anyway, we have some time and it appears I’m not going anywhere for a while…feel like keeping me company for a bit?
“Sherlock.” John says and knocks his shoulder against his husband’s. They share a quiet two seconds.
“Yes, I do, now come on,” Victor insists.
All in all, it takes the two of them fifteen minutes to check out the entire house, only to find that it is very empty. No furniture at all, even in the attic, which seems to have not seen any activity in so long that the dust bunnies are working on their fiftieth generation. John lowers the trap door slowly, sneezing as he drops back to the hallway floor. He wipes his palms on his jeans and knocks the dust off his shoulders.
“Good, then, what do you think…” Molly begins, but Sherlock has already swept out of the room, coattails swishing as he passes through the double doors.
Sherlock looks to Ophelia then tilts his chin towards John. “All the evidence that I can see clearly says you have no psychic powers and have never seen a ghost. No religious affiliations…really, nothing special about you at all. So, again, why are you doing this job?”
When Sherlock reappears ten minutes later, he’s dressed in one of his normal suits and his hair is dripping slightly. “Come on,” he says, opening the front door.
Lestrade and Captain both frown in his direction. House holds his hands out as if to say
“That’s what people do!” James Moriarty screeches at the top of his lungs, his brown eyes rolling back in their sockets like a terrified animal.
Before they can step into the lift, they are greeted by Christopher who is holding a pair of shopping bags.
John can feel his ears burning now. He should be used to being put on the spot by now, even after everything, but sometimes it is a bit startling when Sherlock shuts up and lets him take the reins of a horse named Deduction.
Kevin shrugs and Ruthie answers. “He seems like the sort who would question whether the genie in the bottle was real rather than just making a wish and getting on with it.”
Sherlock pushes himself into a sitting position on the sofa, gazes at him from beneath tumbled curls and holds out a hand, all the while sighing wearily as if he’s the world’s most patient teacher trying to educate the world’s worst student.
Sherlock sighs dramatically and fusses with his coat. “I don’t like this.”
(Turn the camera. Thanks.)
Fact: over the past few days, John has almost dropped the kettle on himself twice, walked backwards into one of the officers working the crime scene when he was talking to Sherlock, who was chasing some evidence in the opposite direction; granted, Sherlock had been crawling on the carpet on all fours, but still…to top it off, John has been Sending random feelers out along their Link.
Sherlock seems unsurprised by all of this information, even to the point of having the audacity to look bored.
Joseph snorts. He gets my joke anyway. Billy just frowns at me because he never gets my jokes. Which is really saying something, because he’s as British as me! “What?”
Like a character in a book he read not too long ago, John finds himself right in the middle of what seems to be Sherlock’s memory.
Chuckling, John caresses the side of Sherlock’s face, reveling in the slight snag of stubble against the back of his hand. “Which part?”
Disappointingly, there are still
“What?” John asks, frowning up at him.
John Sends as he returns his attention back to the hot skillet. There’s a nudge above his ankle as the Cat turns and pads almost silently from the kitchen, his tail held straight up in the air behind him.
“Tell me, Douglas, what kind of company MJN is to work for?” Martin keeps his eyes on the sky, slightly embarrassed at himself for asking.
Gah! These men. Do they really think she’s as fragile as all that? She was married to a serial killer and rents a flat to
“I guess I owe you my thanks.” John calls, taking two steps for each one of Sherlock’s before the psychic turns on his heels, coat fluttering behind him in the breeze kicking up.
trigger…
Besides, John likes them.
Holmes, John, that was my father.”
(Did I lose my place again?)
“Drugged!” Sherlock cries out, quickly moving towards the man who flinches again and holds his hands up as if to stop him.
. John prefers not to dwell on that fact too much at the moment; he’s got more important things to worry about.
“Morning,” John answers. He points at Sherlock and Sophie who now seem to be embroiled in some kind of weird wrestling match where Sophie’s clutching one of Sherlock’s arms and laughing, her little feet glancing off his ribcage.
“Damn,” Grant mutters as he pinches the tiny wound closed. He sighs. There’s nothing else for it, he’s got to find out for himself. Taking his mobile out of his pocket, he checks the time; although it is almost an hour earlier than he usually runs, he should be able to make a train and maybe even be ahead of the crowd for a change.
John looks up from where he’s studying an oddly faded patch on the wall to see Sherlock haloed in the doorway by the outside light. He’s in the middle of popping up his coat collar, hands now still, fingers resting on the thick wool. John’s ingrained instinct to react at the commanding boom of Sherlock’s voice nevertheless doesn’t stop the part of him following orders from the other part thatt's admiring the view.
? I ask them all. House rolls his eyes and I can see him thinking about his guitar. Sherlock and Mycroft ignore me because they truly believe in their little ever-loving hearts that they are the only
Until someone clears his throat.
Before it occurs to him that Sherlock’s right, John almost argues. Once his brain catches up and he sees his folly, his jaw snaps shut and he takes three steps to his chair and settles his bum against the cushion harder than absolutely necessary. Indeed, he had left his notebook on the coffee table. It was half-past stupid when he’d awoken this morning, his brain a whirling, kaleidoscopic jumble of messed up memories and emotions so thick they could be sliced with a dull knife, so he’d sat down and made an attempt to collect his thoughts. Eventually he was able to drift upstairs and go back to sleep, his own words a balm to his soul.
“Yes, go on.” In less than two minutes, he’s opening the cupboard and retrieving Sherlock’s clothes which he folds over his arm. He leans down and gathers up the Cat, who is purring before John stands.
Sherlock returns to his former position, thinking that if he can keep this fellow away from the Norton case, perhaps they can find common ground elsewhere. First point: obviously John does not like his job and is probably only putting up with it because he and Stamford are old friends. Second point: when Sherlock is astrally projecting, he cannot move and therefore is stuck only working on a single case a time. Ophelia can only go so far…
John lets go in order to rub his palm up Sherlock’s sternum, then trace fingertips across his pectorals.
John closes his eyes and moves slowly side to side. “I do believe a bra is generally considered part of your uniform, Lieutenant.”
“That explains everything, then!” Sherrinford exclaims. He looks around as if expecting an applause, and that seems to be when he realizes no one else is following, not even Sherlock.
“John, if you don’t take your clothes off this minute, I do believe I am going to die.” Sherlock announces suddenly into the daytime hush of their room.
It suddenly occurs to John with startling clarity that all of these children are dead and he winces.
the tall man’s poise and elegance washes over him with the force of a supernatural tsunami. He’s never felt this way before and the very idea appalls him, though decking the posh bastard about now would probably go a long way to helping him cope with his fury. Sucker punching him certainly will not help him cope with what is causing the fury in the first place because John is unsure which thing he’s angriest about: Sherlock dying or Sherlock coming back to life.
“Yes, you worthless, lazy, scuzbag of an excuse for a brother?”
Ophelia chuckles. Sherlock glares and begins chewing on the edge of his thumbnail. Mycroft raises the eyebrow a teeny bit higher and plunges on before Sherlock can say anything else.
“What. Do. You. Want?” John grits out between clenched teeth.
Staring at the clear droplet on his fingertip, John whispers Sherlock’s name once more. The atmosphere of the bedroom changes with a quick drop in temperature and the cessation of all sound. There only reason he notices it is because Sherlock finally blinks and really looks at him.
“That was Mary’s mother. The woman who left…” John begins.
Oh wonderful. Now they are ignoring me completely. How can I play with these action figures here in my sandbox if they won’t stay where I put them?)
Grant opens his mouth to reply, then closes it. John assumes the ‘sorry, we couldn’t help you, have a nice day’ position and his thoughts are already back on supper when Sherlock speaks again.
“John that is horrid. Don’t ever say it again,” mutters Sherlock against John’s chest. He’s slowly creeping upward as John sinks down further beneath the covers until they’re finally face to face.
John grabs Sherlock’s arm, prepared to pull him away before he either gets arrested or socked in the mouth, whichever comes first. Sherlock balks like a mule.
What is happening to him? Hoping John hasn’t picked up on his thoughts, he answers quickly to cover them up.
Sophie looks from John to Sherlock then to Martin and back to Sherlock. Sherlock nods.
It’s not enough for Barkley, however, because he seem to be under the impression that Sherlock can just glean some dark motive out of thin air. Sherlock does not dispute that there is something like that behind this; but that’s not the problem here.
Martin nods dumbly and thinks that his inability to speak around his seriously-expanded family has got to stop. Surely, they must all think him a complete idiot.
They cruise about town for a couple of hours, hands brushing here and there as they walk. Sometimes they are stopped by one of the Homeless Network or even some fan of John’s blog seeking autographs and the annoyingly-named ‘selfies,’ but for the most part the people of London leave them alone. There’s a bit of smiling from acquaintances and a wave here and there; as always, though, they remain in their own little bubble of John-and-Sherlock. It’s relaxing to John, and Sherlock likes a relaxed John, so the whole thing works.
Behind Ambrose, John and Lestrade share
Douglas gestures towards Arthur but speaks to Martin. “Martin, meet Arthur, Arthur meet Martin.”
It doesn’t work. John only ends up laughing at his favorite over-grown ten-year old. He tugs on Sherlock’s coat sleeve, secretly relieved that he hasn’t had to resort to anything drastic, like the time he stretched himself over the kitchen table completely wearing nothing but a bowl of curry and a smile the week Sherlock decided that even a single calorie would slow down his brain so much he’d be unable to think at all.
“Hi.” Martin says feeling the same odd sense shyness from before creeping up on him unbidden.
“No,” he says, sounding as if he’d swallowed a ton of sand. “It’s nothing, I…” he trails off, eyes suddenly too bright as he scrutinizes the DI. Whatever he sees there brings a frown to his sore face. “Never mind. I’ve got to go.”
“Sure, go on in. Tread lightly, though, alright? It’s not been exactly quiet in there this morning.” Greg points at the door with the hand not clutching the pastry.
“Agreed. I won’t see you again until then, I’m sure. Be safe getting back. Both of you.” Carolyn touches his shoulder as she leaves the restaurant.
(Get it?)
And we’ll tak' a right gude-willie waught,
“Don’t laugh at me,” Barkley grits out through clenched teeth. He is sweating and his chest is heaving from the exertion of putting all his weight behind hits that have gone nowhere. “I’m sick and tired of you rich bitches comin’ in here and takin’ what doesn’t belong to you!”
They all pretend not to notice Greg’s blush.
Right over his head, there’s a groan and he can sense when Sherrinford freezes and runs towards him. Sherlock hauls himself up onto the wing and shoves at the latch on the top. He leans in over the cockpit, steadying himself on his hands as he pushes the top out of the way.
A little while later, John wakes to the warm-cold-warm sensation of short puffs of breath against the side of his neck. Sherlock’s long, lanky self is half draped over John with his head hooked over John’s shoulder. There’s no way that is very comfortable, so John shifts some in order to give Sherlock what space he can on the narrow cot; the Were apparently is perfectly fine because he makes a rumbly sound in his chest and wraps his arms tighter around John’s torso. It occurs to him then that the Holmes brothers established the identity of the kidnapping Osprey, but not what happened to him after the fact or exactly what went down that caused Sherlock’s injuries.
“What brings you here, son? You aren’t…” she tightens her mouth against the words she refuses to say, instead pulling one hand from his grip in order to rest it against the side of his face and pull it down so she can see him more clearly.
John stays where he is on the sofa and an overwhelming need to be near him forces Sherlock from his seat and to the cushion next to John. Slowly, he scoots closer until their thighs rest together.
Sherlock silently snarls his displeasure at such an observation and goes back to contemplating the man sleeping the sleep of the unconscious in front of him. He stands at the head of the bed, arms crossed with his chin on his left hand, that sexy black curl that will soon be silver gracefully arching down over his forehead as if it is attempting to look into his eyes.
Sherlock nods.
“Mmm, yes. I do believe a summary is in order, Doctor Watson.” Mycroft’s blue eyes flick from John’s face to Sherlock and back again as he steps into the room in order to deposit the shoes in one of the visitors’ chairs. “I do believe...really, John, I don’t even need to say anything, do I?”
“Sherlock, enough.” John steps behind him and puts his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders. “Go. Do your job. If you want me along, by all means
It hurts to admit that he has no idea what he’s apologizing for, so he simply blurts out a half-hearted “I’m sorry.”
to do with intimacy—from these little kittenish tongue swipes to the way he’ll swallow…
A bit not good. John sighs, closes his eyes and counts to seven.
, the first initial ‘A’ and the last name ‘Monk.’” Mycroft offers.
John rests the back of his head against the chair, giving up on any attempt to reciprocate, because when Sherlock is like
Martin is astounded how he pleased the first officer is to see him. He takes a covert look around the room. No one else is paying them any mind. Yep. Must be him. He sits down, waiting politely for Douglas to do the same.
“Actually, Edwina, you said that you and Mister Norton never had children. Correct?”
John chuckles into his tea as Sherlock regales him with the story of an abusive circus owner, a man billed as the ‘littlest strong man’ who dressed ‘primitively’ and did part of his act with a blow gun, plus a lovely six-toed lady. John is absolutely enthralled by the tale and wondering how much of it was just Sherlock bullshitting him...
(Narrator breaks in: would you like to know? Go read my collab with my wonderful literary partner lobstergirl,
Sherlock seems uninclined to speak so John goes back and forth from watching him drive to looking out the windows. The sun is slowly sinking in the sky, John unconsciously taking note when they leave the busy streets of London and head out towards the country. There are less cars on the road now and even less things to see, so with the hum of the engine, he allows himself to fall into a doze.
“Mr. Monroe-Trevor,” John starts.
“So…what exactly did you learn just now that my brain failed to register?” John queries as they walk, hands brushes until Sherlock grabs John’s pinkie with his own.
John keeps his eyes on the menu; he shakes his head. “Other than it proves Grant never went into the house, I can’t think of another reason.”
It is some time before John is aware that he is moving. By some instinct, he’s managed to pull on his slippers, a fact he discovers as one of them falls off of his foot when he drops heavily onto a metal bench. He doesn’t look around because it makes absolutely no difference where he is. Frankly, there isn’t too much that matters to him right now, at all, except getting as far away from his nightmare slash living memory as he is able.
Sherlock’s eyes widen. “Got to give you credit where it’s due, Sally, I had no idea you could hit like that.” He tells her as he crosses back over to the corner by the bookshelf. Within seconds he’s back in the same position he started in, glasses perched on his nose.
Victor moans and wraps his legs around Sherlock’s hips, greatly encouraged to find him already hard and wanting.
And just like that, Sherlock shuts up. John’s used to it, mostly, but poor Grant is completely flummoxed. Sounds that are nothing like words come out of his mouth. John courteously helps him up and gets him across the floor. Before he steps over the threshold, however, he turns around and asks, “I guess I don’t need to tell you where I live, then?”
. Using the heels of his hands, he wipes hateful tears from his face and forces himself to meet the other man’s eyes. Right then, John decides that he can’t do it anymore so he lets his Shield drop. It’s physically and emotionally costing too much to keep it in place right now, after everything, and it is time to admit that after he mutely watched the Cat jump out his bedroom window, he
House blushes like a schoolgirl.
Reggie Palmer is speaking to an unseen audience. He’s the host of the television show playing lowly in the sitting room beyond where John Watson is stretched out on his back on the sofa, deep in sleep, mouth open, face and limbs slack.
The giant is not impressed.
“Alright, he can stay with us. We’ve got plenty of room.” Sherlock says in answer to the question that obviously must have drifted from John to Sherlock in the air between them.
I could understand. I knew that being outside all the time wasn’t a good thing, following the others when they showed me how to sit quietly outside the shop where the owner would sometimes give us tea if we didn’t cause too much trouble. People talked
“Mrs. Hudson?” Naturally, she recognizes John Watson’s voice on the other end of the line as soon as he speaks. Naturally, too, or maybe not so much, she also notes the gravely sound of the throat of someone who has recently had a breathing tube removed.
Once the officer has the cell door open, he clears his throat again,“You are free to go, gentlemen.” He looks rather like the only thing in his life that would make him happy would be to see the backs of the whole lot of them.
John can’t help it, his jeans have to come off
“Whee oh, then, Sherlock, let’s go for that run!”
“What the hell?” John mutters, opening the door a bit wider. The dog drops down to all fours and steps closer in order to sniff at John’s outstretched hands, tail wagging. As soon as a cold, wet nose makes contact with his skin, two things happen simultaneously.
of times, but enough that it feels like it’s a normal reaction when Sherlock is…” she finds herself at a loss for words.
“John, let’s go home.”
Sherlock stares at John for a moment, John knowing full well the detective’s mind is off on another plane of existence. When he blinks and his eyes soften, John smiles. Sherlock grips John’s knee then pats his thigh.
For once, House is thoroughly stumped.
“Sherlock…” John starts, then shakes his head and follows the detective around to the back of the house.
“Sherrinford…” Mycroft’s voice is tight, restrained.
“Not exactly sure, but I have some idea.”
John pulls out slowly, gently lowers Sherlock’s legs to the midnight blue satiny sheets. Sherlock grins and stretches out, limbs slack, hair an absolute wreck, lips begging to be kissed. John is never one to deny such a request so as he turns to go to the washroom for a flannel, he leans in and softly, softly, touches his lips against Sherlock’s, pulling back enough so that their breaths mingle and brushing a sweaty, stray curl out of Sherlock’s eyes.
“Shut the fuck up, Embry! We gotta job to do.” The female paramedic shouts, “You three get lost, but don’t leave the area. Embry, if you don’t get your big mule ass up here in three seconds to help me I swear to God I am going to turn you over to freakin’ Higgins.”
“Captain” Martin Crieff closes his eyes and leans his head back, allowing the air to push the curls off his face. Spreading his arms wide and kicking out one leg, he fancies he can catch the roar of the crowd below his feet. In reality, all he can hear is the rush of the wind and over that the purring motor of the bi-plane whose wing he is standing on.
He Sends.
“Sherlock, what are you doing out here?” John asks as he opens his door in order to step out onto the narrow landing. Impulsively, he leans down and strokes the wavy black fur on the Cat’s side.
Sherlock shakes his head. “No, I think you need to hear this from me.”
Sherlock beckons to him again, though that isn’t what makes John beat feet to the doorway. He turns to look over his shoulder just as the wallpaper rips and some dark, almost shapeless, thing is materializing out of it.
“No, don’t apologize,” Sherlock grumbles out loud, leaning back again. “And, no, Ospreys generally only summer here.” Mentally, he tells John,
Without another word, Sherlock bounces back on his toes, swings his legs in a perfect roundhouse and kicks the doorknob clean off. The last thing Mycroft hears before the sound of running feet against the polished tiles in the corridor is, “Fix it, Mycroft!” and Sherlock is out of earshot but in his mind’s eye, Mycroft can still just make him out, hands buried in his hair in the same manner he always did as a child, looking every bit the mad scientist but more dangerous now with no outlet for his rage. Well, damn the paperwork then.
“You know I want you,” Victor mumbles against Sherlock’s mouth. The younger boy’s hands answer for him as he unzips and yanks down Victor’s jeans.
John cannot accept it, though. Not now. Seems that once this train has started up the mountain, there’s no going back. He takes a deep breath and moves the plate from his lap onto the coffee table. “Could I make a request?”
“It’s okay, daddy, Papa is teaching me! I want to swim, too.”
“There really isn’t much to tell. I went in blind, without guidance, without help of any sort and was immediately in over my head. The Moriarty siblings were trouble from the start, setting small fires all over the house and mocking me by using my own memories. Instead of thinking logically, I grew angry and thought only to show them I was more powerful. As I said before, I called on an exorcist, the man was an idiot and now I’ve been chasing the same pair of apparitions from house to house for the past seven years. They’ve even appeared on a couple of my cases for New Scotland Yard, though I can hardly tell anyone there how two dead children are able to coax people into committing terrible crimes.”
“What?” Douglas tries.
“What are you hiding from your husband, Victor?” Sherlock asks, his voice pitched low, forcing Victor to actually lean forward a bit in order to hear him, thereby keeping control of the entire exchange. “Surely he knows about your military service, it’s as obvious to me as your Caribbean heritage.”
Doctor instincts taking over, he feels for a pulse and finds nothing. This unknown woman has had trainers stuck on her feet, the sides mixed up so that the left shoe is hanging on the right foot and vice-versa. Her brown eyes are open, fixed. A shudder runs down John’s spine as Sherlock steps up and kneels beside him.
Sherlock clutches tighter.
His thoughts racing, John raises both hands to his head, steps away from the bench until his back hits the fridge then he stops, eyes fixed straight ahead, seeing nothing but dusty recollections. John slides down to the floor, rests his head against his knees and weeps silently. When a deep voice, strained in an attempt to stay quiet, possibly out of a bit of fear and even more so from true concern, speaks from the doorway, John knows he’s lost the battle within himself.
“Just rip it off, Sherlock,” he says, gesturing towards the silver tape wound ‘round the person’s mouth.
Stottlemeyer meets Wilson’s eyes, then drops his own to gaze at Ambrose.
to do your job when you aren’t here…” Sherlock mutters loudly. He’s stuffing the papers back into the file.
again. Since their Link is humming steadily he continues to leave off for the time being.
severe and overwhelming shock or grief.
“How could I what, Mycroft? I have to admit to being slightly disappointed when your invitations to every-fucking-thing stopped coming to my house.” Sherrinford pauses dramatically. “I had to go out and actually buy a dart board to use for practice after that.”
“Someone go and get Sherlock, NOW.” John backs away from the patient after giving him a cursory pat on the shoulder. Two nurses rush forward; they and Thirteen take over dealing with the patient.
: Sherlock shoves clothing off and out of his way, wasting no time.
Sherlock gazes at John for longer than is probably considered to be ‘proper,’ but he is paralyzed down here on the floor by everything he can see flashing through John’s eyes.
John reaches between them, grasps both their cocks in his hand and strokes them together. Sherlock hisses between his teeth until John stops the sound with his mouth; Sherlock’s lips are hot and dry but his mouth is wet and welcoming and John cannot get enough. In no time at all, they lean their foreheads to each others' shoulders and Sherlock wraps his broad palm around John’s and the added friction is heady, intense and John can feel himself tipping towards his climax.
. He nods sharply, two fingers toying with the curl on the back of Sherlock’s neck.
Sherlock Answers, as he leaps from the couch and trots to the front door, tail flicking back and forth.
“But I don’t know.” Sherlock rumbles as he sits up and spins around all at once.
His hands gesturing and pointing, Sherlock stalks in circles around the body. He’s got the sleeves rolled up on his purple button-down, but only up to the elbows: his singular nod to the heat around them. He’s dressed, as usual, in black chinos and his black leather Oxfords. John can see clearly from where he stands that something has added up quickly in the mind of the sweating detective who is trying hard to take over.
“Douglas,” Arthur says, switching subjects a second time, “Herc told Mom this morning that he’s going to start looking for something…I can’t remember how he put it, but I think he meant something to make more money.”
, John, I know. I’ve given him several jobs in the past week, all of which he has completed in a reasonable amount of time with better than average results.”
Mrs. Hudson sweeps into the kitchen, glaring at both the boys. “What have you two done now?”
Penn turns first to Sherlock then John. “If you will, sirs, I think this concludes our meeting for today.”
“I don’t know John, but I really don’t think we should stop. The kissing, it is rather enjoyable.” Though ‘enjoyable’ is a weak term, not expressing the full range of Sherlock’s thought on the subject. As if to add a full stop to his sentence, Sherlock reaches down to where they are so close he can’t see anything and deftly unzips John’s jeans.
Martin is beyond words at this point, the pain from his leg is shooting burning tendrils up into his back. He merely nods and doesn’t fight it as Barkley drags him down the hangar and out the back door like a sack of potatoes. Every single step taken the bulky security guard only serves to jar his leg. By the time they reach yet another hangar, Martin is almost relieved to be set down. Only for a second, though, then he finds himself hauled upward again and unceremoniously dropped into a seat.
Victor is reluctant to let him go, but he knows better than to push. He also knows Sherlock’s going to keep telling him ‘no’ until he gives in and goes along with the ‘experiment,’ which is all the younger boy has been talking about for months. He’d even shown Victor the notes in that big old book he’s got—not that much of it made any sense to Victor at all—and it seems like he knows what he’s talking about.
“No,” he shakes his head. “Wrong Eddie. I will have to keep looking.”
“Sorry,” John mutters, meaning more than what he sees as pushing the physical stuff.
…and then…and then…
“…counting on there being four of us!” Martin finishes for him. His stunned expression shows he wasn’t counting on being heard this time.
(Idly, John wonders if he washes it off after he sits on it.)
“I am wondering, perhaps, later, if you have some time, if you’d like to have lunch with me? I’m going to be grounded for the next day or so and I’m not from around here…” Douglas asks, too scared not to get it out in the open right from the get-go.
Barkley growls and narrows his eyes at John, “Look what you made me do.”
“What’s this?” he asks the room in general just as Martin stammers out a positive answer to Sherrinford’s question.
Wait, what? Care for?
John snorts then shakes his head. After a moment or two of considering Sherlock’s unique profile as he wipes his mouth then takes a long drink from his own water, John checks the time on his watch.
“Yes.” Sherlock and Sherrinford answer simultaneously.
Instead of speaking, Sherlock tilts his head down towards John a little and very slowly blinks his eyes.
John decides for the moment to not mention Martin’s crash; instead he cruises around the opposite side of the plane, his eyes roving over the fuselage. He stops, too, right by a small door just under the sliding top over the cockpit.
“Give her the file, Sherlock.”
“Martin was with a uniform, I really thought they were right behind us.” Sherrinford frowns, seems to be angry with himself now. “I’ll go and look for him.”
He peeks through the single window only to see the back of a stranger’s head. Possibly male, if the closely-cropped head of brown hair is any indication. So that means he’s got a guard dog then. What the hell? In the instant before his rage can resurface, the mobile still in his hand vibrates in it’s entirely too cheerful way that a text message has come in. He wishes he could be more surprised when he sees who it’s from.
A light knock on the door announces Molly’s arrival. “Alright, you two?” she asks casually, though Sherlock can sense there’s more she wants to say.
The first officer begins to speak but is interrupted when the door opens again. Greg Lestrade pokes his rumpled silver head into the room, notes the policemen and closes it. When he comes back through a few seconds later, it’s obvious that he’s made an effort to tame his hair. Of course he cannot hide the edge of the love bite on his neck peeking out over the collar of his shirt, but John’s not going to say anything. Sherlock, without missing a beat, inhales and starts to speak but John shoves his leg hard with his knee and it seems to quell the impulse for now. John smiles and Sherlock smirks, caught out.
“Oh yes,” John half-mutters as he cants his hips upward, even harder now beneath Sherlock’s palm. “Only, though, only if you are sure.”
This time, there’s no silly note, nothing at all except an enormous number ‘3.’
John can’t hide the flush of embarrassment painting his face as he stops in front of the cashier. That was one thing he’d so far believed he’d managed to keep from Sherlock. He’d succeeded in breaking the habit while in hospital recovering from the bullet wound in his shoulder and never once looked back. Though he’d never admit it, it was part of the reason he refused to let Sherlock smoke in the flat: temptation with a capital ‘T.’
“Well, Sherlock never likes to tell until he’s one hundred and thirteen percent certain he’s on the right track. I don’t know Sherrinford well enough, but I’d hazard a guess that he’s not very far behind in the regard.”
Sherrinford nods. Sherlock suddenly becomes incredibly interested in the ceiling.
Sherlock has stepped up behind him and as always, the detective’s ability to drag every smidgen of John’s attention directly to him yanks John out of his maudlin thoughts. He can feel the heat radiating from the long, lean body behind him and he wants to turn around and drag him into the flat, cave-man style…
“No, but it doesn’t matter to me,” Douglas quips from the doorway, then crosses the room and drops into the chair beside the bed. He takes Martin’s hand between both of his without considering his actions or the audience.
John’s heart is pounding and he’s searching for a place to hide from incoming IEDs before he even realizes he’s awake. When he crashes into something much softer than a concrete wall has dreamed of being, he reels backwards and opens his eyes to see Sherlock sitting up against his headboard, arms around his bent knees, eyes staring into space and his mouth open. He’s howling and the expression on his face threatens to shred John’s heart right where it lives in his chest. For a moment, John is lost; Sherlock is unreachable and it terrifies him to no end. Not to mention the horrible noises pouring from the psychic’s mouth.
Murphy is six foot three if he’s an inch and Cooper almost a full foot shorter. Cooper is still wearing his scrubs and a lab coat that’s about fifteen sizes too big for him, so big, in fact, that the back of it is billowing out like a long skirt as Murphy spins him around. Murphy is all pale Irish cream, complete with a bright orange crew cut and freckles; by contrast, Cooper is dark, his ebony hair in tight ringlets against his skull. Both men are laughing like hyenas, Murphy’s icy blue eyes flickering around the crowd carrying on with them, but Cooper’s deep brown ones are solely on Murphy. Murphy’s blush is growing with every glance downward. People are clapping and hooting at the dancers.
The little bell on the top of the door rings merrily and the back of John’s neck breaks out in a cold sweat. “Sherlock,” John says to the gold Lucky Cat on the counter. It smiles back without helping at all.
“Yes, please,” Sherlock agrees. “Next, we need to find Mable. She knows more about Victor’s disappearance from his duty than she let on, I’m certain. The Victor I knew was a reasonable man, he would take his service seriously.” He drops his feet to the floor, toes working at the pile of the well-worn carpet there.
“I did,” John agrees, running a hand through his hair then grabbing one of Sherlock’s where they’ve dropped in his lap, giving the detective the chance to back away if he needs to. When Sherlock neither voices a protest nor moves at all, John sighs. “I’ve been dreaming. Terrible dreams, Sherlock; a life without you. I just…I can’t.”
“Yes,” Sherlock agrees. “That.”
From where the body lay in conjunction to the crashed one-seater plane to the fact that there were no burn marks on the suit the body was wearing, nothing seems to fit, at least for John.
“You know who I am, do not lie to me.”
Sherlock huffs a short chuckle. John decides to sit back and enjoy the ride, wherever it is going to take him. When they pull up in front of St. Bart’s hospital, John starts to enquire whether he should follow, but Sherlock answers him by gesturing towards the building as he pays the cabbie. He strides ahead, intent on his purpose.
CHORUS
“It did, though.” Sherlock scans John’s face then moves his gaze over the other passengers, of which they are lucky there are only a few.
Sherlock counts Mycroft’s footsteps and remains insolently on his stomach until he knows his brother has had time to leave the house. Rolling over, he thinks that maybe this time it wasn’t worth it.
John sits back in his chair, weaving his fingers together in his lap, crossing his right leg over his left. His gaze is far away. After a few minutes, he gestures towards Sherlock where he still stands in front of the bookcase. Their Link warms a little and Sherlock chooses to interpret this as a positive sign.
“Sherlock, if you’ll tell me, I can have the person who did this picked up in an hour. I know you love your cases, but this looks pretty serious. Here, let me call John and…” Greg fumbles a little as he pulls his phone from his trouser pocket, stopping when Sherlock clears his throat.
“Wow, that’s quite the story.” Douglas says.
Victor sighs and drops heavily on the bed next to Sherlock. He reaches out and rests his palm on Sherlock’s shin. Sherlock chuckles and bends forward, resting his hand atop Victor’s. He’s gained some height in the past year and now he barely has to tilt his head up to get to Victor’s lips. They kiss slowly, but Sherlock pulls back when Victor’s hand begins to wander.
“Ophelia,” Sherlock snorts, stopping his ascent up the staircase with his hand on the bannister. “How can I talk to you when you already know everything?”
Sherlock sits and waits; and though it causes him physical pain, he is careful not to touch John in any way. When John’s hands come up towards his face, it’s all he can do to remember that whatever punishment John is going to mete out, he deserves it. After all, John almost made the worst choice of his life and Sherlock is all too aware of his part in that decision. His chance to run, to finish what he’d started, was over the second he broke the door knob off in Mycroft’s office. This thought causes icy cold fingers of
It is more the look of reverence, the complete rapture, the absolute expression of focus on John and John alone that holds her in place.
sin' auld lang syne.
The security guard laughs, a humorless sound that echoes around the empty hangar. He pulls down on the legs of the rumpled flight suit Martin is now wearing, being sure to tug hard enough to jostle the leg again.
, but you know how it is.” Mycroft explains, fixing Sherlock with an icy stare.
Martin is blown away. How in the world has he captured the attention of someone so…so? Actually he finds that he doesn’t even have a word for it. He finally manages to stammer, “So, lunch, yeah, back here?”
Martin grits his teeth. The man’s answer makes no sense to him.
(I have to stop watching Sesame Street.)
Carolyn snorts, “I think it’s more than your
Martin knows he’s blushing again. “Really?”
(Probably not.)
. John and Greg know only about the Holmes family what Sherlock and Mycroft have allowed them-and that tiny trickle is nothing like the flood they are receiving now. Even the airplanes up above can’t hold a candle to this.
It’s so silly, I guess, to continue to be this upset. I’ve managed to find him every day over the past week, every single day I’ve pleaded with him to just come into my house and get warm. It’s such a wonderful feeling to be able to offer that comfort to someone else…but he wouldn’t accept. Maybe it was me. “What did I do wrong?”
John nods, places a kiss on Sherlock’s forehead and steps away, Sherlock’s hands running down his arms until there’s more distance between them now, but they are still connected. John turns his palms so that their fingers are interlaced. He squeezes, tightens his grip for a moment then lets go. Sherlock’s shoulders slump and he bows his head.
At his desk, House has turned towards the computer and is rapidly typing something into a search bar. Wilson and Watson can both see the video from their places at the table. John shrugs and turns towards Wilson, Wilson shakes his head and turns his eyes towards the ceiling.
John frowns, thinking about things he doesn’t like to remember, then compartmentalizes them fast.
“We aren’t planning…” John starts, but Ruthie isn’t the kind to take ‘no’ for an answer.
Sherlock nods into John’s belly, which rucks up his tee shirt a bit more. Now he can feel Sherlock’s breaths against his skin.
John shakes his head. “It never occurred to me, Sherlock, even when I was there. God, I’ve missed you these past three weeks.” He reaches out and grasps Sherlock’s fingers between his own.
It isn’t long before Sherlock returns, sliding into the empty spot beside John and taking up that space plus some. Ever so slowly, he leans into John until his head, neck and shoulders are all John can see.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ambrose. Ambrose? Do you remember me?” Captain asks, speaking calmly.
“I have two uncles?” she asks.
“No, John, listen to me…” she says at the same time Sherlock cuts in.
Sherlock looks from each boy to John and frowns, his brows knitting together. “And just what is so amusing, John?”
“No, Mycroft, now.” John enunciates his words
covered by clothing are left
Sherrinford and Mycroft stand shoulder-to-shoulder staring in at the others like they’re watching the gorillas at the zoo. Sherrinford shoves his hands down in the back pockets of his jeans and finally looks a little uncomfortable; however, the expression flickers by with the speed of sound.
“You want your bed back, mate?” Toby asks, slipping one hand over John’s shoulder. Small, neat fingers pluck at the collar of his old t-shirt and he leans back into a warm embrace.
Relaxing his too firm grip from around the steaming paper cup in his hand and taking a deep breath, John mentally prepares himself to have some sort of heart-to-heart discussion with Sherlock that he secretly hopes can be both of those things without being either of them. As per the usual, though, Sherlock beats him to the punch.
He sips his tea and takes the lead, “Tell me about the case.”
he urges.
“Wow,” she says, mesmerized, green eyes open wide.
John watches the quick exchange but doesn’t really see anything now except for Sherlock. He continues to hold the other man’s gaze for several long seconds until Mary Beth begins to whimper. Unseen by either John or Sherlock, Ophelia goes to her and picks her up, crooning soft words.
“Right,” John says aloud, not wanting to be too incredibly rude to this person who snuck into their home.
“So, you and Sherlock?” Douglas asks.
Victor studies John for a moment before answering, “Sure, can’t be the worst thing I’ve ever done.” He ends his sentence with a pointed look at Sherlock who actually has the decency to appear a bit chastised.
John’s attention is pulled away from the fight when the Cat slowly creeps down the branches and into his arms. The next thing John witnesses is the Osprey taking to the sky, albeit much clumsier than before, as several of its flight feathers have been pulled out, leaving gaps in its right wing.
Watery moonlight is now peeking from between the clouds overhead, highlighting the rain-licked curls artistically flattened around Sherlock’s face. Even from where he’s standing, John can clearly see that his eyes are glittering with a thrill that he decides in that instant he wants to understand.
in my hands until there’s nothin’ left but dust!” He lowers his head and charges them like a raging bull: head down, meaty shoulders hunched, thighs quivering with exertion.
“Breakfast?” he offers, standing up and looking at the house over his shoulder.
onto the floor.
“Because she wants the best.” Mycroft voices bluntly before exiting the room as quickly as he entered it.
John nods and shrugs as he holds the glass door open for Douglas. “Years of practice.”
Douglas nods his agreement. As they pass behind the two Holmes brothers, he notices that John reaches out for Sherlock’s hand, even though the detective has them clasped behind his back. There’s a quick squeeze of fingers and before he knows it, John’s started the golf cart and they are headed towards the guard shack. He looks back to see Sherrinford and Sherlock jogging around the backside of the hangar.
“What pray tell is so hilarious?” Sherlock frowns and tightens his lips into a flat line.
“We can help you, if you’ll just step away from the door…” Sherlock tries.
John closes his eyes and decides to believe that Sherlock learned his lesson. “So what, then? Why doesn’t Victor go home?”
“Oh, hi, Uncle John!” Alfred drops Sherlock’s hand to offer his own to John in a right courtly gesture. John shakes it and ruffles the boy’s hair. “Go on, you two lead the way.”
“I really need to get my company back on track, I’m sure you understand.”
“Dammit, Sherlock,” John mutters.
Sherlock, uncharacteristically because he’s still mostly thinking about earlier, gives Mable a moment to compose herself; it turns out to be completely wasted because the moment she opens her mouth to speak, she breaks down and cries all the harder.
“See you both later!” she calls at, heading back towards the kitchen.
Now, here I go, starting the story in the middle. I gently push Mrs. Hudson away and she tries to guide me towards the kitchen table. I can’t bring myself to sit there with Nova in my lap, so I ask if it’s okay if I head towards the sofa. She smiles, says it’s fine. While she and Doctor Watson make a pot of tea and discuss
“And you said no,” he states, suddenly remembering the conversation.
John frowns, cocking his head to one side and pressing his lips tightly together. Studying the burly shifter in an attempt to figure out how best to bring him down doesn’t seem to be helping the situation any, so he switches to deciding how best to defend the three of them.
John rolls his eyes. “Come on, Martin, let’s at least make some tea first.”
Being more experienced in these matters, John is recovering more quickly. Chuckling lowly, he lets himself relax into all of the sensory information he’s gathering, physically and mentally. It is quite surprising to find out how gentle Sherlock’s Mind really is. In all of their time together, John would have been sure it was a raging inferno of millions of thoughts racing against each other at the same time. Without a doubt, there’s a lot of data here, yet it is more a meandering stream of pictures than a rushing river of digits and letters.
John sucks his breath in between his lips, rests the back of his head against the back of the sofa and closes his eyes, while at the same time rolling his hips. “You’re killing me,” he hisses.
They all shut up. Wilson shrugs. Thirteen growls between clenched teeth and spins on her heel to head in the opposite direction House was travelling in a little while ago.
“Give him time, Sherlock. Bring him home, be there. Show him you really mean your apologies, but give him time.”
They are silent for a few moments. “Are there more of you? Siblings I mean? Seems interesting to have such a big family you never get to see.”
John makes quick work of the facilities, flushes the toilet and washes his hands then splashes some cold water on his face. When he steps out of the loo, Sherlock is really dressed, the last few buttons on the too-big shirt done up and the tail of it tucked into the jeans that probably fit him best about ten years ago because they are so tight John can see
“Sherlock?” John asks once Mycroft is gone. It appears, however, that Sherlock is either sound asleep or faking it incredibly well. Their Link has noticeably switched from a discordant buzz to a weaker version of its normal hum, which leads John to believe he’s really out cold. Smiling a little, John prods, pushes and pulls until he’s flat on his back with his head and the pillow and tucks Sherlock against his side, curving an arm around the drowsy man’s shoulders. Truly, there’s probably no harm in taking a bit of nap before he checks himself out.
Everything is mouth watering, a real spread the likes none of them have seen at least since that one Thanksgiving two years ago when the Americans and the Canadians decided that everyone needed a break. Somehow a full spread of ham, turkey, roast beef and all the trimmings had appeared and for three days luck was with them and the entire camp along with their guests had gorged themselves. Certainly, they all paid for it after the fact, as to be expected in a place like this, but the way John remembers it, every morsel was worth it, as were the friends he’d made among the troops from across the pond.
“Boys, I brought some hot buns. Well, they were a few moments ago. Please take one.”
“Guess I should have taped your mouth shut.” The guard pulls a roll of silver duct tape from the pocket of his jacket and holds it up as if for inspection.
Shortly thereafter, in the tiny hours of the night, John stretches out in his bed that even for its small size is quite a luxury from the one he left behind in his beige bedsit. He’s staring at the ceiling and wondering why the great detective hasn’t yet deduced his lost abilities as easily as he called out his psychosomatic limp; never mind his desperation to be needed, to be useful. Perhaps Sherlock dared not probe too deeply because John did not? At first glance the man seems abrasive and rude…yet there is so much more there, John could feel only the slightest brush of …something he doesn’t yet dare name…against his mind. Perhaps it was an unusual bit of consideration. It’s very difficult for John to believe that Sherlock simply isn’t aware of it. Not for someone who is so omniscient.
“She knew her abductor then, most likely her killer, too.” Sherlock tells him, then begins rattling off a string of deductions as they present themselves as he walks around the table once more for good measure.
“That’s disgusting.” Wilson says. “John, would you like a tour of the hospital?”
“Okay.”
, then.”
“Sherlock, Captain Stottlemeyer is Monk’s
The waitress sets their drinks down in front of them. “Lunch’ll be out in a sec.”
Adrian smiles back just as broadly, equal parts pride that he’s come this far on his own and proud to call these unique men his friends.
(Did I just say that? John Watson, I see you nodding over there in the corner. And Lestrade…and Wilson? Fine. Gang up on me, I don't care. I’ll just be a good fanfic writer and make you all kiss!!!)
The rocking motion of the mattress reminds him of university days waking up with terrible hangovers. At least there's usually only
“What’s happened to you?” John curls his fingers around the back of Sherlock’s neck as he falls to the thin mattress, effectively pulling the other man along with him. However, Sherlock stays on his feet, bending awkwardly at the waist in order for John to inspect his neck. “These bruises are more than fresh…I’ll kill him!” John growls, starting to push himself off the bed.
“Why doesn’t the gravel bother you in those? They are thinner than the pair Mr. Munroe had on yesterday.”
Sherrinford, hands on his hips, stares into the ether and somehow manages to look disgusted at the same time. “..the hell?”
“Bloody hell!” John shouts as he dives for the door.
The pilot has heard very little of what went down in the past few hours, the only thing he knows for sure is that Martin is alive and having surgery to affix a plate and screws to his fractured fibula. Some sort of Special Team was called in and the man he’d seen in the guard shack shoveling grotesque orange crisps into his maw was taken away from the airfield in handcuffs, apparently screaming something about ‘Holmes brothers.’ Inwardly, Douglas shrugs. Having only known these people for what? Three? Four? Five days actually; he can’t say his life hasn’t been made more
someone noticed?”
My apologies for taking so long with this chapter. These boys wouldn't behave: this is the second rewrite and third setting change, but I do believe it's finally making sense.
.” He grins.
Sherlock watches as John closes his eyes, tilts his head against the wall. He wants so badly to say ‘yes’ but lying to John right now is probably a bigger mistake than jumping from a hospital rooftop. “Mostly. My part is anyway. I’ve left the rest up to Mycroft.”
“Why would I need to talk? What could I possibly say?”
“It’s complicated,” Sherlock whispers into his ear.
John takes a breath, counts to three, looks around at the other men staring right back at him, shrugs and follows.
Sophie is now jumping on the bed.
John drops into his chair at the kitchen table, rubs his temple with his hand and drums his fingers against the scratched, stained wood without registering the hills and valleys that have been carved there over time. Of course he cares for Sherlock, obviously they have a strong connection or the Link would not even be a possibility. The more John thinks about it, though, the more a pleasant warm humming seems to stretch along the metaphysical connection. John knows that he could close his eyes and almost be able to visualize where Sherlock is at present within a scant few degrees of error.
He sighs and stretches his arms over his head, letting his eyes close as he makes a last ditch effort to relax his mind on the ancient sofa in the sitting area of an empty four-bedroom house in Barking at one o’clock in the morning. Well, the owner, Thomas Maximillian, said ‘house’ but John’s tending towards calling it a mini-mansion in his own head. Its vaulted ceilings and a bathroom the size of John’s bedroom sort of make it seem that way.
…A black lotus.
A bone saw perhaps? He starts towards it, but Sherlock makes a clucking noise with his tongue. He’s on his knees working his lock picking set into the first padlock. In no time at all, he’s got three of them off and is working on the fourth when the person in the box begins banging on the top of it. Sherlock starts talking.
. John thinks it’s all quite lovely, especially seeing as how close Toby has managed to get to him over the past few songs and still remain vertical. He’s aroused, his belly is full and he’s surrounded by people who wouldn’t hesitate to protect him; he would do the same. It’s heady, that type of camaraderie.
In between the laughter, the snogging and the dancing, however, there’s a sound that quite a few of them catch before it’s too late. A low rumble like an earthquake.
The girl holds her hand out towards John. He takes it, amazed at the solid, though cool, feel of her skin against his own.
Bleh! I hate this decaf stuff. I know, needs must and all that. As soon as this little bundle decides to be home free, I’m waiting about five minutes and I am begging for some real tea.
“Well, then, I’m Just Martin, Just Sophie.” Martin laughs, too.
Sherrinford shrugs. “What do you want to know?” He frowns then turns to Mycroft. “Still keeping secrets, eh, brother dear?”
John looks up to see Sherlock’s rear end facing in his direction from where the detective is bent at the waist inspecting some tiny piece of evidence on the other body. John does his best not to seem too interested in that particular piece of Sherlock’s anatomy and goes back to the file to do as he’s bid.
Have I told you how wonderful you are all? And patient? Thank you, dear readers, thank you.
“That’s normal, Martin. Lean on me until you feel like you’d be more comfortable walking, alright?” John offers his hand and Martin leans against him. “There you go.” Though they stand the same height, John’s sturdy build offers Martin stability. They leave the clinic that way, Sherlock walking ahead of them a few paces.
“Alright,” Sherlock agrees. There’s a ripping sound and a pained moan.
“Oh go on, you old badger,” the woman shoos Kevin away with her towel. “I’m Ruthie,” she says, reaching out to pat Sherlock on the hand, “and you are Sherlock Holmes.” Ruthie turns towards John, who is tucking into his breakfast with gusto. “And you are Doctor Watson.”
“Don’t worry, we’ve got enough for everybody,” Thirteen announces as Captain moves to allow her into the room. She’s got a cardboard drink carrier filled with about a hundred and fifty coffee-chia-latte-mocha-expensive--
A five minute nap actually turns into two hours. John wakes up with a start, swearing that someone or some thing touched his arm. He writes it off as exhaustion and being keyed up over the waste of a night and hits the button on the blue tooth in his ear.
“Good God, man, even an old whore like you could do better!”
“I don’t know where to start, really. As far as family history goes, our mother’s name was Victoria. She was married to Sieger Leonard Holmes and produced Mycroft and myself.” Sherrinford grins to them like he’s on stage.
. You’ve been cooped up here way too long. Sophie will be more than fine—most kids have at least one working parent, anyway. Go on. It’s all fine.”
Martin bites back any sound now but is horrified to feel a tear makes its way down his face. “Who are you?” he manages to stammer.
Sherlock points it out wordlessly then gestures towards the rooms in the back. Upon opening doors, they discover the rooms are still empty and haven’t been touched.
“Sherlock,” he calls over his shoulder, “Look, we don’t have to talk about it today, you know. Let’s work on the case…” John trails off as the Cat pads his way into the sitting room. The feline stops at his feet and raises his head, meowing plaintively.
“Yep, first time I’ve ever met her, as well. Maybe if we meet up again, I’ll tell you that story.”
in Afghanistan for four years, so he tries not to let it get to him overly much. John takes a long swig from the water bottle in his hand and stares ahead, watching Sherlock Holmes work at his self-appointed task.
Sherlock raises his back and Victor starts barking his head off. It’s all John can do to keep from shouting at both of them over the absolutely hateful pounding behind his eyes. :
“It means someone must have waited for him, most likely until our attention was elsewhere and then forcibly removed him from the vicinity.”
Once again Martin opens his remind them that he’s not
Sherlock stands to leave but Mummy grips his arm with amazing strength. “Are you well, my son, besides…”
so much to him.
As John walks past Sherlock, he absentmindedly runs his fingers through the frizzy curls on the top of his head and offers Mycroft a stiff nod. He trundles off towards his bedroom, exhaustion written in every step.
I wish I understood his words. They are so much different from the others. Sometimes when there is still daylight left, he takes a tiny square thing out of his trousers and speaks very quietly into it. His words are short and cut-off like he is making notes of something for himself.
Sherlock notices John fidgeting and rests his hand, palm down, on John’s thigh. John relaxes some.
They stay that way, both men panting and waiting for their senses to return. John starts to giggle, a high-pitched, delighted sound as he cradles Sherlock’s head in his hands. He knows that they need to get up and get home, but right now he wants to bask in the joy of the depth of the emotion that they have for each other.
By now the second paramedic is more than a little irked, too. “Oh, I know who
“Nothing. You did nothing wrong.” Mrs. Hudson informs me.
“Get down here, where I can reach.” John commands in a low tone.
He Asks.
it is better to let him get it out of his system. A particularly fierce squeeze causes John to gasp and bite his tongue right before that warm, squirmy detective tongue squirms right into John’s ear canal and a voice as deep as melted chocolate mutters a word that sounds amazingly like ‘mine,’ but John feels like he’s in no place to question. Carefully twisting his arm in order that his hand can palm Sherlock’s crotch, his efforts are only met with a growl. The doctor awkwardly removes his hand again, allowing Sherlock to settle back into his great-cat-like attention to John’s neck and earlobe.
According to the victim’s background report that John is holding, Roger’s shift was an Agouti. Frowning because he’s not all that familiar with rodents other than rats and mice, John pulls the file closer to him and shuffles through it until he finds a photograph of a rather large rodent with fur almost the same color as Roger’s hair. Each individual hair on its coat is banded with a range of browns and blacks, alternating light and dark. The animal has a short, rounded ears and a stubby tail that John would be unable to see except that the photo is taken from the side and the Agouti is trotting.
Sherlock cannot halt the lie in those words. Whatever that was, it was certainly
“People felt themselves watching him even before they knew that there was anything different about him. His eyes made a person think that he heard things that no one else had ever heard, that he knew things no one had ever guessed before. He did not seem quite human.”
%MCEPASTEBIN%
“James Wilson.” James nods and offers his hand to the taller man.
Grant seems to run out of steam.
...there’s something so fantastical about these men that it drags you into their undertow and gets you caught up in the hurricane, then you ride on a tidal wave the likes you’ve never experienced…and that leaves you physically and emotionally drained...then, as soon as you feel like you can’t take any more, they do something horribly selfless that turns your life upside down
(I swear, John Watson told me that.)
and not just
Wilson, Sally and House’s heads all move from Greg to Mycroft then to Sherlock and John. It is pretty obvious even to people who
As the door opens, Sherlock’s field of vision is narrowed to John alone. He takes in the way John acknowledges Mike’s softly spoken “see you later, mate,” with a curt tilt of his chin, the way his entire body is tensed, ready to fly or fight.
“Hey!” House shouts because we seem to have forgotten about him for the moment. He is standing in nothing but a pair of pale blue boxer shorts and a grey undershirt.
“I am amazed that they feel a proper way to study a crime scene is to clean it up,” he says to John. John nods and waits to get out.
Kevin Rosenthall, the owner of the Bee and Rose, is a small man, about sixty-five years old. He has a shiny bald pate and a grey goatee, and in John’s estimation at least, he has to have been a boxer at some point in his life. The sleeves of Kevin’s faintly-striped button down are rolled up over bulging forearms, showcasing quite the collection of tattoos. He is talking to Sherlock at the counter while John tries not to seem like he’s snooping overly much.
John stares at his phone wondering what has gotten into him. The dark screen seems to be making a mockery of the confusion swirling through his mind. He hasn’t seen Sherlock or had a case of his own in over a week, which has left entirely too much time to think. Shifting his weight on the hard park bench where he’s been the past half hour, John has to admit that those few hours he’s been at Sherlock’s side over the past weeks have felt so…well…something. That’s hard enough to admit, there’s no way he’s supplying any more descriptions for it.
Along their Link comes appreciation and John finds himself smiling. Sherlock moves a little closer, butting his head into John’s hand and setting up a deep purr. After a while, John returns to his tea-making, Sherlock Shifts back into himself and they pass a quiet evening reading, both men finding it easy to carve a place in their lives for each other.
Molly moves around him and continues her work, calling out numbers and notes about the deceased as she goes. Sherlock remains mute, though he helps without getting in the way. She finishes the last stitches down Mr. Parker’s torso and covers him back up, giving him a pat on the hand and thanking him for being so cooperative. She waits for a scathing remark that will force her to explain that even though he’s dead, he’s still human so he deserves respect.
“I’m here, Sherlock, right here.” John carefully reaches out only to find himself with an armful of consulting psychic.
John Asks as he raises his Shields then immediately drops them again.
“So, apparently, they are just going to ignore each other?” James asks.
“Thanks,” John offers.
Sherlock frowns again; John reads him loud and clear. “You. You’ve said ‘thank you’ twice in the past, what? Eighteen hours or so?”
Sherlock nods, his eyes scanning the room. “Let’s take a look anyway.” He strides out, skirting the clearest footprints.
Sherlock stops him with a hand on his arm and John tiptoes up to kiss him. Judging by the black trousers and light blue button-down, they are working today. He is going to take a shower, then.
Sherlock sighs, “Isn’t it obvious?”
Now Sherlock does frown and John knows that expression well: Sherlock hates for anyone to assume that he only does what he does for money. Under the table, John rests one hand on Sherlock’s knee, bringing the detective’s attention towards him for a moment. Some of the tension leaves Sherlock’s shoulders and he nods.
Sherlock nods sharply, the decision made. It’s as close to admitting his own uncertainty as John has ever seen. “Not here,” he says, pointing towards the door to the broom cupboard at the end of the corridor.
Sherlock wants to growl at his brother, he really, really does but he’s so busy trying to capture the exact feeling of John’s warm fingers lightly scratching at his scalp that the only sound that comes out is a weak sigh.
They are quiet for a few moments, John scratches at the back of his neck. He’ll be glad to get the dye washed out of his hair, for sure. “What was he picked up for?”
“A Class Three is. You just saw it. Actually, I’m not even going to handle this one, I know a couple of siblings who are best at sorting the angry ones*.” There’s the distinct sound of thumbs flying over the keyboard of a mobile as Sherlock rapidly sends a text message. “I hope they’re both going to come this time…”
“If I get hurt, not much will change. Since you are legally Sophie’s guardian, if
As always, John doesn’t bother even asking what they’re doing there, instead trusting that his personal mad genius has some plan relating to the meeting from this morning.
Just at the edge of the bed, Sherlock drops his towel. John almost swallows his tongue, as medically impossible as that might be, because not only is the detective now clean and naked,
Wilson nods. “Sure, be right back.” Before leaving the room, however, he goes out of his way to box House’s ear. “House, you are an ass.” House snarls and pulls away from Wilson, cautiously prodding at his now aching face.
“Why are you laughing at me, Ginny?” Billy asks, his blue eyes actually filled with what must be worry. He tries so hard to please everyone.
“I’d kill them all, you know.”
“You did,” Sherlock confirms.
John knows that tone. He’s only heard it twice before and the memories make him suppress a shudder.
Sherlock does not enjoy driving. In all honesty, he prefers to take a cab to get around, but the almost hour long distance from his house to the morgue tends to get expensive very quickly. He’s been running a bit low on funds the past couple of weeks, though with the case he finished prior to today’s waste of time, he’ll have an income again.
“Peyton,” Sherlock interjects. He doesn’t look at me, just down at Nova. Part of me is thrilled for her and irritated, as always, when I have to admit he’s right. Dammit. I don’t want to wallow in my own grief, but truly I’m the only one who knew him. Maybe that was his choice, maybe it was mine. No, it couldn’t have been mine. He followed me about, he knew where I went. It was his choice not to come in and see what these people are about.
“Well, come on, John. The seat is big enough for both of us.”
“That was my plane!” Sherrinford yells again, pointing towards what's left of the hanger, then shuts up when John steps forward and hugs him.
“What about that one over there?” Ophelia queries from her perch on the tall stool, swinging her long legs back and forth and twirling her hair around her finger like the bored twelve year old that she is. Leaning back to rest her elbows on the worktop, she points with her chin to indicate the body still in its black bag on the other side of the morgue.
“Mike sent me over to Mr. Maximillian’s house, it’s not too far from here…” John starts to explain.
Molly rolls her eyes and takes her hands out of her lab coat pockets then steps into the workspace to begin the nightly ritual of cleaning up. The tall stool set off to the side of the room gives her pause. She decides that with Sherlock there’s always some explanation for whatever he deems necessary when investigating a crime as she slides it back into its place. Maybe tomorrow she’ll ask him about it if there’s time. For tonight, it’s late and she really needs to get home and feed Toby.
Muttering under his breath, he peeks around the edge of the door to see Mycroft comfortably seated on
John almost smiles at the way Sherlock refuses to give his gift a name. “You are a true psychic, then?”
Sherlock never lets John finish before taking up the thread. Green eyes flash as his expression moves smoothly from irritation to insight.
, but there’s no stopping this train now. “I couldn’t get him to see that he could do as much or not as he wished. He didn’t believe me, though, said it was good for me that I was pulling myself up out of the gutter—his words, not mine—but I wanted to share with him. He never even stepped one foot into my flat…”
“Alright, Victor, you are married to a self-made, rather well-to-do man. You are bisexual and come from the United States. Someone who knew you there wants to out an old secret that you weren’t aware
John double checks that it’s all okay with Martin and Sophie then follows close on his partner’s heels.
“Nothing, Molly, I always come to the morgue because I feel like three-day old kidney pie.”
John hears ‘bored’ loud and clear in that ridiculous sound. He rolls his eyes and nudges Sherlock’s foot with his hand.
It was the day I lost my left boot. Such a stupid thing, too, you know? I’d been sitting and hadn’t realized that the laces had come undone. This slow drizzle had been coming down all day and since my rear was parked on a cold bench in the park all day I hadn’t had much time to pay attention to my footwear.
Greg and Sherlock both make identical expressions that say very clearly,
Martin chokes on his iced tea and his face does a wonderful impression of a radish. “Well…” he manages in between coughs.
As the day turns brighter, a darting blur of movement draws his attention to the pavement. Sitting neatly between the toes of his slippers is a tawny dormouse, its shiny, oval-shaped eyes regarding him steadily. Watching the little animal causes some of the grief-ridden fog in John’s mind to dissipate. Now he can feel the bite of the cold metal against his bum, the ache in his feet and his shoulder. As if a switch has been flicked on, the sounds of the slowly waking city around him filter through the night’s lassitude. Something in the back of his mind rustles quietly, oddly he thinks of it the way a butterfly wing would sound as it slowly unravels if he were capable of hearing it.
Or so she hopes. It’s what worked with her mum and da, anyway. Calmly she sets to work on the documents she needs to fill in for Mr. Parker.
There was nothing else I could tell him, not at all. I did my best to explain, though I was unsure as to the methodology—explaining to someone who had not been through the experience was not ever going to be simple. Let alone the effort it would take to describe the necessary details to someone still missing data from denying the unseen or maybe that which is not readily apparent to the vast majority of the living population.
Sherlock, no longer in his feline form, is stretched out on the sofa in his usual ‘in the mind palace’ pose, eyes shut, palms pressed together, index fingers resting against his bottom lip.
“Sherlock, why have you never told me any of this?” John asks, keeping his voice level. He’s not really angry, per se, but he thought the time of secrets between them was over a long ago.
Martha shakes her head vehemently. “No, John, I didn’t.”
In turn, he is coolly assessing them and John knows full well he’s looking for buttons to push. John clears his throat to remind him that they really need to play nice with the Americans—not to mention it looks as if they are armed to the teeth.
with one another, there are some things he’s never discussed outside of those who were there. On the other hand, Sherlock trusted
Sherlock only shakes his head. He takes another deep breath as if steeling himself against something, draws up to his full height and slowly explains.
John stares after her as she swans to the little refrigerator. She bends down and takes out a colorful plastic cup with a lid and hands it over to Sophie who gulps down the juice inside, her big eyes taking in all the adults in the room one at a time.
John nods, gasping as those long fingers slip out of his body. Sherlock pushes his trousers down off his hips, leaving enough of the leather for John to feel against the backs of his naked thighs, but making sure the zipper’s dangerous teeth are out of the way. He lines himself up and takes his time sliding in, enjoying every single second of the drag of overheated, hard skin against slick, smooth, quivering muscle.
John fiddles with the stack of worn blue-backed playing cards on the wooden floor, shuffling the deck then laying them out one by one in a sort-of solitaire game. Little grains of sand fly off of them as he plays. He stretches his legs and rolls his neck. Toby shifts on the bunk behind him, half asleep after Marty and Stephen left a bit ago to go on duty. They’d all been laughing and cutting up a little while ago, but now the tent is quiet, the sun going down around the camp. John is positively soaking in the company, glad for the first down time in too many weeks to count. Whilst he shuffles the cards again, he takes a long look at his hands, almost surprised to not see any dried blood.
Sophie crawls up and over John’s leg to Sherlock and pats his legs to get his attention. The conversation between John and Greg dies as John realizes just how still Sherlock has been and for how long. Without a doubt, he’s getting bored.
Sherlock raises his head, allowing his eyes to lock with John’s. For a split second, he’s ninety-two percent certain that if he leans forward just a little, John will let him get even closer. An odd expression appears on John’s face and Sherlock leans in. There’s a warm vibration in the atmosphere between them, and Sherlock can Feel John’s Shield beginning to waver. When a throat is cleared beside them, however, the Shield slams down and though John turns a welcoming smile to their guest, Sherlock knows that it is quite possible that he pushed a bit too hard, too fast.
“Uncle Martin! Why did that lady just wink at you?” Sophie asks, her eyes wide.
“Go on,” John urges him, settling into the hard plastic seat across from him.
completely inebriated with his third? Or maybe it’s his fourth? Glass of wine. Every time he’s looked around tonight at his
and it sounds intriguing.”
John stops and puts his back to the detective. No doubt he’ll have the lock picked in a matter of seconds.
After a moment of pleasantries and knowing looks from the pleasant older lady who answered Sherlock’s knock, they are first shown around her flat then led upstairs to the one on the second floor. Mrs. Hudson unlocks the door and opens it wide, allowing them both to see inside simultaneously.
The woman frowns, now completely fed up. Embry is pulling the radio off his shoulder and is giving Sherlock a wicked look. John thinks
Jack shit.
Barkley swings the bat over his head then drops it to the tile with a thud. He leans on it, strongly reminding John of Mycroft and John laughs. He’s gotten so used to finding humor in the worst possible times and places that he no longer question the knee-jerk reaction.
“John you know him, let him do what he’s best at.” Sherrinford says loudly, shoving John out of the hangar. “Come on!” the older man continues to push John until they are about fifty feet from the building.
“Good morning,” Martin offers.
John’s attention is pulled away from his laptop as Sophie shifts against his side where she’s fallen asleep watching a DVD. Not too terrible a movie, really, about talking planes, but John is fairly certain he’s seen enough aircraft for a while, though it seems their daughter has just begun being enamored of them. He pats Sophie’s head and considers the answers they were given from Mycroft about the strange murders: which really amounts to almost nothing at all.
“I’m sorry, I don’t mean to be rude. You are the first that I’ve actually seen.”
these memories without asking and only understanding a little of what’s happened here tonight, this Sharing that occurred while they both slept, Sherlock
(Later on, Sherlock will be upset that he missed Captain Watson. Captain Watson will happily reappear when they are alone, just for him.)
The very next evening, they are walking through the park, near enough to one another to share body heat. It’s early in autumn yet, but the past few nights have already grown chillier and this one is no exception. The trees are already beginning to shed their leaves, some them sport bald patches in their lower branches whilst still wearing full crowns on top.
John moves his leg so that their thighs rest against one another and once again plays mute. When Sherlock is this frustrated, it’s better to stay out of the line of fire when he can avoid it.
The sound of the hard plastic sole of John’s left slipper scraping across the smooth concrete floor startles Sherlock from his internal reverie. He recognizes the warm buzz in the back of his mind as proof John’s opened some of his channels back up to Sherlock; once again, their Link is strained and Sherlock wants that to change. Immediately. There’s a mixture of guilt, anger and something almost desperate twisting below the surface of what John is Projecting.
Martha Hudson is no fool and she can clearly see how these two idiots can barely keep their hands off each other as if to be in contact in some way constantly. Idly, she wonders if it has been like that the whole time John has been in hospital.
“No, Martin that is not why I asked you to lunch. To be honest, I hadn’t even been aware that our lustrous pilot, Berk-u-lees, is planning on leaving us until this very moment.”
Mrs. Hudson smiles, looking over her shoulder at Sherlock and winking, “You’re welcome.”
“Seriously?” Thirteen queries.
A little ripple of amusement goes around the table. “Uh,” Martin starts.
“He won’t talk to me when he’s like this,” Ophelia mutters to her companion. The oddly-dressed boy beside her is levitating off the floor about six inches so that they’re on eye level with one another.
“Anthea, Plan B, please,” Mycroft states with authority and no little irritation, tugging at the bottom of his waistcoat.
“You wouldn’t actually hit me John.” Sherlock sniffs.
John can hardly take his eyes off his daughter, as she is looking more and more a perfectly feminine version of her father every day; he wholeheartedly agrees with Greg’s chosen adjective to describe her. “Yeah, go on you lot. Papa and I will be down shortly.”
“I’ve got to find her, right now!” Sherlock calls as he slams open the door and trots down the stairs. John makes it through the flat just in time to see the tail of his coat flying out the front door. Idly he wonders if it is possible to get a case of blue balls forty minutes after an orgasm then decides to get dressed and at least make an effort to catch up with the detective.
“Sherlock.” Martha states evenly, keeping herself rooted where she stands. Part of her wants to rail at him while the other part wants to hold him close like the son he’s come to be. He continues to stare at her; she knows he is sizing her up, deducing everything she’s done in the past three days. Then his eyes narrow when he takes in the bakery bag and he frowns, curious.
“Did you explain that you would never really hurt him that way?”
Sherlock, up to this point oddly quiet, surprises them all by saying, “Let’s go.”
“For however long it took for whoever did this to break all the bones in her legs and then have time for them to start to heal?” Barkley shouts.
“Uh, okay. I need to tell you something, Mrs. Hudson, and it might be a bit, well, shocking to say the least…”
Still somewhat unsure, he folds down into the space between John’s spread legs, leaning against the chair. It’s awkward, but worth being a little uncomfortable to feel surrounded by John.
Sherlock joins in. (Because
Victor still has his doubts, but he’s very well aware of the fact that he has lost this argument completely, because Sherlock pulls off his black t-shirt and tosses it into the corner of the room somewhere. Victor grabs him by the shoulders and kisses him again, this time long, hot and sloppy.
Soon, their food arrives and the table is quiet for a few moments while the men and Mrs. Hudson dig into their plates. After a few bites, Martin finds that he’s got a burning question he needs answered.
“What are you doing here?” he sneers at the dog as it follows in John’s wake.
John Watson does not seem to wake when a lean black tomcat leaps from the floor of his room to the windowsill and pushes open the window with a paw. The cat turns his head and gazes at the sleeping figure, swishes his tail and gracefully slips out and down the fire escape to the pavement below. With any luck, he’ll be home long before John begins his day; he’s so very sure of himself that he never pauses in his movement, never considers for an instant that he may have been seen.
Eventually, he wanders out of the room. Only two people notice and one of them is Sally. Wilson notices Sally noticing and Sally gives him a wicked grin.
“Good question,” Greg adds.
John snorts. “You’re entirely too young to talk like that. Dance card. As if.”
House frowns but decides that’s too weird a request to ignore, so he moves to the side of the bed and without any type of hi-howdoya-do he pulls back the sheet. The soles of Mr. Thompson’s feet are relatively normal with lines and old scars: no tattooing of any kind at all. Sherlock steps in for a closer look: there’s nothing between his toes, either.
Martin smiles at him. “Alright.”
Every single bone in her pelvis, legs and feet has been systematically crushed.
John’s face as gone from still-sort-of-tan-especially-for-England to dead white. Pasty. Crusty cream. White. White. White.
Ambrose Monk stays where he is, sitting up on the unforgiving bunk that he’s fairly certain it is filled with tiny life forms such as
“Nope, you can’t wear that.” John states blandly from his post in the doorway of their bedroom, where he’s leaning against the jamb with his arms crossed over his chest.
you want to put in his hands, Douglas.”
“Clue number one.” John reads off to the room.
“Wow.” James whistles lowly. “This must be
“We don’t have to talk here.” John says, his voice pitched low.
“It means magnificent, amazing, dazzling.” Greg smiles. Sophie brushes down her navy blue skirt and laughs.
“Let’s slow down just a bit, yeah?” John whispers.
“John,” Sherlock answers, “One…Two…Three…”
“Been married for a while, now. My wife, Atlantea, and I have three children, the boys: Tobias and Alfred, and our twelve-year old daughter, Persephone.”
The waitress awkwardly presents their plates around Arthur but politely says nothing. They thank her and Arthur declines anything.
“Oh, come on, Victor, it’s just an experiment!” Sixteen-year-old Sherlock pleads with Victor, who has just entered Sherlock’s bedroom. The alarm clock on the side table reads 5:15; he’d gotten off work at five and drove straight over. As always, Sherlock’s parents nodded as he passed through the house, having accepted his presence in their lives over the past twelve months.
“You mean Mr. Monroe? Yep, owes my boss quite a basket of quid.” The giant rumbles as he reaches behind himself to idly scratch at the back of his neck.
Sherlock closes his eyes against the onslaught of information threatening to overwhelm his psyche. After a few moments of it, he slowly Reaches out and tamps down on some of it, learning to accept John’s overwhelming gift as he does so.
Greg frowns, head swiveling from where he’s watching his team check out the office back to the dog. The terrier is resting on his haunches now, tongue lolling out of his mouth. Greg’s never seen a four-legged creature look so downright exhausted. Then it clicks. A few days ago, Mycroft said ‘Osprey’ and that huge raptor flying up the steps earlier is certainly no kestrel…
I learned a long time ago that if you live on the street, you suddenly become an un-person. Sometimes people look at you, but it’s generally with an expression of annoyance like you’ve stepped in a pile of dog poo somewhere or some drunk looks at me like I’m his dessert. Yeah, that’s happened. I know it’s happened to a couple of the guys, too. At least that’s what Billy told me happened to that little bloke, Kyle.
Except for House’s. He is staring at the posh arse planted on his shiny desk. Which of course, John notices. John clears his throat. House frowns and just looks tired.
He’d always dreamt of doing something useful with his life, not staying here in this strange blend of limbo and living. On one hand, he knows that there are people who find him useful, the majority of them at New Scotland Yard, no doubt—but on the other hand, there’s no one he’s ever really connect with and it wouldn’t be hard to end it. Just a little too much in the needle one night and he could slip beneath the velvet waves of unconsciousness…
What a laugh, though, really? Looking out of place here? John runs weary hands through almost-clean hair and eyes the buffet tables while his stomach grumbles to the beat of the music playing lowly on the patchwork speakers. There’s four of them and none of them match. He smiles to himself as he waves at Sergeant Dan McNeil, tonight’s ‘DJ’ of sorts then heads towards the chow.
(Well, go on. We’ll all wait. Won’t we guys?) Six heads nod: one grey, one silver, one black, one mostly auburn, one grayish-blonde and one brown. Sally clears her throat. (Ooopss…sorry, Sally. You’ll wait, right?)
“I have to ask, John, how often is Sherlock wrong?” They cross the grounds at a good clip, headed back towards the hangars.
After a few minutes, Grant’s feet begin to ache. It’s beginning to dawn on him that walking the gravel lane in his Oxfords was probably a bad idea. There is a small bench in the yard in front of the empty cottage, so he aims straight for it, fully intending on taking his shoes off for a few moments to let his aching feet rest. He’s at the half-way point now, anyway, so there is no use in turning back, because that would be a waste of time.
John is gobsmacked. “You knew?”
“I’ll explain shortly,” John tells her. It’s a long story.
“Sherrinford, I could ask the same of you.” Mycroft states, pompously continuing their discussion as he comes to a halt in front of the cell, back rigid and posture textbook perfect. John has a vision of balancing the biggest encylopedia Sherlock owns right on the top of Mycroft’s head. How in the world can someone look so put-together at this time of night? He’s not even wearing his usual suit, just a pair of walking shorts and a polo shirt.
(It’s not
“What are you going…” Ophelia tries.
“Doc-ter Watt-son, I do believe a cold cock is the last thing you’ve got in mind.” House grins.
John’s fingertips brush against the side of Sherlock’s cheek and Sherlock’s eyes soften a bit. “What is this?” John asks, his voice coming from his mouth slowly as he realizes that the temperature between them has dropped by tens of degrees.
For the next few hours, there are nibbles, drinks, kids running amok with crackers, laughter, messes made, a glass of wine spilt…all in all it’s a great beginning to the New Year. Within minutes of Sherrinford and his family arriving, Carolyn and Hercules show up with fruit cake, champagne and Arthur plus his newest Pony Club girl, Raquel. Fifteen minutes after that, John opens the door and greets Martin with open arms and Douglas with a firm handshake.
In the work area of what Sherlock insists on calling “Molly’s Morgue,” John is watching Sherlock out of the corner of his eye as the detective is flitting between the two bodies laid out on the stainless steel tables on either side of him. Their smooth caramel-and-cream skin has taken the washed-out, bruised-looking hue of the not-so-recently dead. Every so often, his green eyes glaze over a little bit—not enough that most people would even notice it, but along with each pause comes an accompanying feeling of restlessness down their Link.
In a single movement, John arches his back, bringing his legs up to Sherlock’s waist and locking his ankles together over the supple leather, effectively pulling Sherlock down to him. He lets himself fall back down on the table, dragging his hard cock over the front of Sherlock’s trousers as he does so. Sherlock gasps almost silently and shifts so that his hands are now flat on the table on either side of John’s shoulders. John ducks his head and plants tiny, soft nips against the skin of Sherlock’s neck wherever he’s able to reach, talking between each one.
Martin nods again, not trusting his ability to speak coherently and not just scream.
Molly raises her eyebrows and nods in acknowledgement but otherwise doesn’t answer, causing John to wonder if her Mind Voice is weak from disuse or she simply prefers not to communicate that way. He’s sure she can Hear him, especially after the quarrel he and Sherlock had here not too long ago.
John sighs then sips at his cup.
“She’s gorgeous, Sherrinford.”
John is speechless as another young woman saunters into the kitchen from the hallway with a cheery “hello” in his direction. Her form is more solid than the others, a fact made clearer when she joins them at the table. Where the other children seem to be the wispy fragments of a memory, everything about them indistinct except for their eyes, the newcomer is almost corporeal, her striped blouse and denim shorts as clear to John as the dark clothing he’s wearing.
“I get it. I’ve got younger siblings myself, but my brother lives in Australia and I think my youngest sister is in a jungle somewhere, studying tree moss or bacteria or some such thing.” Douglas states. “I’m curious, though, either of the others fly?”
Grant’s largest gamble to date has been a whirlwind romance six months ago that resulted in him marrying the man he thinks of as his very best friend and more, Victor Trevor-Monroe. As far as gambling goes, he believes that this very singular action taken by himself has resulted in a landslide of winnings: a wonderful partner who is attentive without being overbearing, certainly attractive with a winning personality, someone who is satisfied to accept Grant as himself and has never tried to change him. Grant appreciates people like this, people who, like himself, tend to lean towards the factual things in life rather than the hyped-up opinions of others.
Of course, all I could think of was: oh shit, how did he get my name? I should have realized then that after doing this little job for him twice that he’d already know everything about me at a single glance, but I didn’t really know
Sherlock stands a few steps from the door, waiting to ensure John gets up the short flight of steps to his room without stumbling or heading back towards the couch. He offers a soft ‘good night’ as John heads towards his bed.
noun: devastation; plural noun: devastations
I want to scream and rail against a universe who decides who has what and how much and the fact that some people refuse to take a helping hand even when they need it most. I can’t say if it was
They do pretty well at it, too, considering that since he signed up with Mike three months ago they’ve been on over fifteen jobs. They’ve collected EVPs, videos of moving objects, thermal photographs, heard lots of creepy knocks on walls and dozens of other pieces of data that prove that even if there aren’t any spirits banging about in these places that at least
“John,” Sherlock says, batting John’s hands away from his head.
“I want you,” John growl-whispers into the reasonably cool air of the flat gone thick and humid around their bodies. There’s not a peep from Sophie’s bedroom; Sherlock’s body is tense with arousal, John’s not too far behind. “As decadent as this couch is, I really would prefer the bed tonight.”
“We’re twins.” They inform him in unison. John nods.
“No. I’m sober.”
Martin gives the signal nod anyway, thinking that maybe his pilot is just concentrating on the airspace ahead of them. He knows he is grinning hugely while he prepares for the G-forces he’ll soon be experiencing. He relaxes his knees a little as the plane begins its first roll. Martin steps out carefully across the fabric of the bottom wing and then climbs up the narrow ladder to the top one. The thin-soled trainers he wears allows him to feel his way across the wing with his feet. Once there, he spreads his arms and bows. In his imagination, he hears the applause and he can’t stop smiling.
“You will, eventually,” John tells her as Sherlock’s mouth starts to open.
John’s heart threatens to break in half when he sees Sherlock hug his little brother close to him when they step out of the lift. Soon, they are sitting in their suite, Martin on the sofa with his legs stretched out in front of him, Sherlock with his legs crossed at the end of it and John in one of the armchairs. Mrs. Hudson left a note that she and Sophie went swimming and should be back before tea.
John and Wilson deal with Ambrose while Captain takes the ropey thing from him and hands it over to Sherlock. Sherlock wrinkles his nose delightedly…
“John, please relax,” Sherlock croaks.
“Yo! Sherlock!”
(Now they’re all staring at me again. Fine guys. Let’s get back to the letter, okay?)
Sherlock cocks an eyebrow and smirks.
sin' auld lang syne.
“Yeah, I figured.” John states.
For the umpteenth time in countless weeks, John wants to step over the coffee table and run his fingers into those insane curls, especially that one,
John’s Mindvoice is breathy and needy. Sherlock decides that he is really enjoying see John in the throes of passion like this. “Let me make you come this way,” he says softly.
(And the narrator needs a break. I’ll be back soon for the next installment!)
feelings home towards his Bonded.
Annyyyywayyy…..(One of voices in author’s head clears its voice. The other fifteen or so finally get back to listening.)
Sherlock, as is his way, does not answer in a sound more than could ever be called a ‘purr’ and he lazily drags his palm down the side of John’s jaw, blunt fingernails lightly scratching at the five o’clock shadow that graces it. John spreads his thighs and shifts himself; Sherlock’s hand drops from John’s face to the front of his jeans where he proceeds to continue with the light, teasing caresses.
“Not my area.” John finishes for him.
“Yes, Mrs. Hudson,” he says quietly as he kisses her on both cheeks then gives her a real hug, his long arms wrapping completely around her back.
“Martin,” Sherlock says, still warily watching Martin like he’s going to get up and run away.
Sherlock steps through the door first, causing John to walk into him. He wraps his arms around John’s shoulders and they stand that way for a moment until John nudges him away. Sherlock runs his fingers lightly against John’s cheek; John offers up a watery smile.
“Shut up, Sebby!” Miriam screeches then scowls first at Greg, then Sherlock and then John. She yanks something that looks amazingly like the weird ropy things they’d been finding all day out of her pocket.
“Juvenile delinquent, eventually placed with a foster family a few weeks ago.”
“I cannot establish motive when the body has been completely washed and fully autopsied before you allow me to see it again!” A gruff echo of his deep baritone bounces off the walls and he tugs at his hair in frustration. Those few minutes spent with the body lying on the tarmac, a body completely covered by a large, ill-fitting flight suit were not enough time for him to collect all of the data he generally needs to establish what she was doing there.
“Doctor House, who them?” Asks the tiny boy on House’s hip.
“Just, no, Sherlock.”
If nothing else, he knows he’s good at adapting to changing situations. He squares his shoulders and does his best to shrug the past off. He is on holiday, and Moriarty is dead, …no reason he shouldn’t enjoy some time in the pool with his partner and their daughter. He takes another breath and repeats it: Moriarty is dead.
“Fine. May I continue?” Mycroft’s eyebrow is now trying to scoot into his hairline.
John manages to tug off his last sock and clambers up and into Sherlock’s lap, carefully lowering himself and bending his knees slowly in order to not hurt either one of them. He is still a bit achy but can’t bring himself to be bothered at the moment because Sherlock’s hand is wrapping around the back of his neck and Sherlock’s hot tongue is swiping at his lips and John is moaning into the kiss and opening his mouth and his mind to his lover.
CHORUS:
, it's going to be Mycroft.
As they prance down the stairs, Sherlock grins over John’s head and decides that he wants to see just how wild he can drive his lover before John relents and lets them come home. At least he’s no longer bored.
“Mrs. Hudson?” In between my stupid weeping, a man’s warm voice trickles into the kitchen.
Not now though, the scene that greets Greg is that out of a horror story and something no friend should ever have to share in; all made the more blindingly real by the fact that it may very well be Greg’s fault that he’s here in the first place.
because he likes to hear his voice. Not to mention, most people are pretty sure Sherlock likes to hear
Sherlock ignores it all, however, moving up the stone walkway to the front door in several long strides after slamming the car door shut.
"We will take your case, Mr. Monroe, mostly because I am bored to death and John expects me to get fresh air and it sounds intriguing.”
They eventually have dinner sent up to the room. Mrs. Hudson and Sophie head back down to the pool and Martin finds himself hoarse from talking so much. John fetches him a pair of John’s own p.j’s and Martin crawls into the sofa bed completely exhausted but feeling more connected than he has in a very long time.
A light bulb flashes on in Douglas’ mind. Oh! It all comes quickly when he realizes that John is telling him that he needs to get back to Sherlock and tell him
.: John Sends as he deftly catches the jeans Mycroft tosses towards them. He hopes he doesn’t throw the shoes.
!” Sherlock shouts, slamming his fists against the top of his older brother's fine antique desk, green eyes flashing, brows knitted together over his nose. “I can't leave him. I won't. Not now!”
John nods, acquiescing to the detective’s knowledge and waiting for the all-clear.
Doctor Wilson is down in the morgue with Ambrose; House is a few floors down from where he and John are now, apparently either seeing to a real issue with some children, or more likely a made up one with their mother. Thirteen is with him. John and Stottlemeyer are with Sherlock, and he’s beginning to actively
Martin just stares at Douglas, hoping he didn’t just close that particular gate forever.
“I’ve no idea,” John tells him truthfully, “I found out the same second you did.”
“Actually, for someone with so much psychic talent, sometimes my brother’s an idiot. He’s really terrible with the living.” Ophelia tells John sagely as her fingertips tap against her leg.
“I know,” he says, grinning adoringly at Sophie who is now standing in between his feet, her airplane-filled fists resting on his thigh, her head up and thrown back in order to watch what is happening above them.
The ginger wingwalker in the skin-tight black outfit is now waving at the crowd. Douglas has always had a thing for gingers and his eyes are drawn to the contrast of red and black as the man climbs from the bottom wing to the top. Beside him, Arthur oohs and aahs and sounds so generally astounded that Douglas can’t help but smile, too. Sometimes the steward’s happiness is contagious. Of course, Arthur’s had so many girlfriends in the past month alone that Douglas can’t even remember all their names. Surely that’s one way to make a bloke happy.
really get to him.
“John, it means that even though the kidnappers are asking for such a small ransom amount, they took the time to really
“Quit stalling, already!” Greg claps Martin’s other shoulder.
(Collective sounds of surprise.)
Ruthie laughs, a pleasant, almost childlike sound, then pats John’s hand. “You don’t want to hear about the circus. Besides, this one’s probably got it all figured out already,” she says, pointing at Sherlock with her thumb.
“You can, John.”
John stills right where he stands, fingers of his right hand curved around the cool, rounded handle of the door, his phone lying across the palm of his left. A strange sensation starts in the base of his spine but soon grows, until it is almost as if fingers are splayed over the small of his back. He remains where he is for a few more moments, then trudges wearily back to the bed on the pretense of resting, though he knows full well that if given even a fraction of a chance, he’ll take it and be right out the door.
“Go on, lad, honestly. I like a man that appreciates a good meal,” an older woman wearing a bright pink scrub top and jeans with threadbare holes in the knees strides across the dining room, brandishing a tea towel like a sword. Tendrils of solid white hair that must have been ginger in her younger days have escaped from the neat bun on the top of her head to frame her face. She yanks out one of the other chairs at the table and sits down between the two men. “Kevin, tea?”
John stretches his arms and legs before stepping out into a surprisingly large drive way and turning to face a surprisingly large house. Like the car, John thinks that the house could use some care. He grins when Sherlock grabs a light fixture hanging by the front door in an attempt to put it back into place. It comes off in his hand and he tosses it back to John without missing a beat as he unlocks the door.
“So, where’s Trey, then?” John sets his now-empty wineglass on the floor in order to shuffle around a bit. He’s tired and his shoulder is beginning to ache.
Let’s just agree that sometimes John Watson just lets Sherlock Holmes
It takes John about three seconds to catch up and by the time he gets to Sherlock’s bedroom, he’s starting to feel like he’s being led by the clothes dropped everywhere like some sort of weird bread crumb trail. The Link between them is pulling him forward as surely as if he were roped and tied. :
“Thank you,” Mycroft tries for politeness, though he does frown and turn his head slightly to the left when Ophelia settles next to him. “I have a case for you.”
Finally, having at least said the words and gotten them off his chest, Sherlock’s mind grows calm and he sleeps. Just as he drops off into a blissful unconsciousness, John’s eyes snap open, bright blue in the new gold of the morning light, and he smiles and thinks,
“She’s gone,” Mycroft states.
“I think the best explanation would be yaw waz,” Doctor Stamford chuckles a bit, “though it really doesn’t make much difference, since we will probably never be able to ask the beings themselves.”
Martin stares right back, blinks. “Do I know you?”
Victor doesn’t offer his hand to either of them, merely takes them both in then says in a rumbly baritone John is sure is about fifteen octaves deeper than Sherlock’s, “You must be here about the money, Mr. Holmes.”
John winds his way towards the center of the clearing where a large, flat boulder has been worn down by the elements. It takes him a minute, but soon he is resting on it, cane across his lap, the sun warm on his shoulders. He studies the old, hand-polished wood of the stick, rubbing his fingers over the eagle head handle. It's probably a silly thing, really, but his grandfather walked with this thing for years and he likes it much better than the military-issued metal one.
The brass knob turns easily at his touch, swinging open to allow him to take in what is happening in the huge dining area complete with heavily laden tables, chairs and a crowd of people milling about. Men and women of all ages greet him with soft smiles or a brisk wave of a hand.
He whips himself up a full English and adds extra rashers when the Cat deigns to get up from where he’s been curled in the seat of John’s chair since they got in at three o’clock this morning.
Sherlock pries Sophie’s fingers out of his hair where they’ve tightened to keep her from falling. She gives him a pat and throws her arms around Martin’s neck.
He’s moved against my leg now, curly mop of hair tickling my bare thigh. I adjust the pillow behind my back and slowly let my palm rest atop his head as I try to keep pace with my memories.
. Every muscle and bone aches as if he’d been in a standoff with three thugs and a freight train and lost.
“No, you didn’t dream the whole thing, John. Nor did you get hit on the head. It’s real. Don’t even say the word.”
She flicks the light off, relocks the swinging doors and follows Sherlock into her tiny office where she finds him huddled on the two-seater sofa that sits across from the door. She has to walk past it to get to her very neat desk, but instead of sitting in her chair, she sits on the desk itself and folds her hands together in her lap.
Victor barks as he trots back and forth between John and a flight of steps beyond the lobby. Sherlock is at the base of them, sniffing warily, tail lashing back and forth.
Whatever it is, it is empty save for this terrible sofa that smells like wet dog with an undercurrent of I-probably-don’t-really-want-to-know. Thomas insists that he’s being haunted by the ghost of his former lover, Raymond. Apparently Raymond died of cancer five years ago, but the haunting only started seven months back—yet the house is as empty as if it’s sat this way for decades.
John takes another deep breath and tries to decide whose broken heart he’s going to have to mend first, Sherlock’s or his own.
“Oh god, another one,” John mutters. Sherlock chuckles and Sherrinford tilts his head to the side. John feels the all-too-familiar cut-open-and-pinned-to-a-board feeling. He shakes his head.
“Who she was is obvious. Perhaps she was some normal person just in the wrong place at the wrong time!” Sherlock exclaims.
. She catches Captain’s eye and gives him a slow nod. He seems content with this answer and settles back down in the chair he just vacated with a fresh cup of joe.
John takes a sip of his coffee, winces and sets the cup out of the way. He rests his elbows on the table then laces his fingers together and offers what he hopes is a relatively benign expression in Sherlock’s direction.
! Then you can join me,” Sherlock grins from around the bathroom door. He clicks his tongue against the roof of his mouth then winks before disappearing.
“Ta, Mrs. Hudson!”
Mycroft tries not to look embarrassed, but he’s so proud to see that Martin has made his own way in the world that he’s positive he’s been telling Greg more than his husband would ever want to know about their childhoods. Not that he’ll ever admit that out loud to anyone.
An hour later, they stand outside a rather imposing brick building that is tucked in behind two huge hangars. Naturally, it piqued Sherlock’s never ending curiosity that afternoon when Greg had pointed out across the flight line. John thinks back to dinner and wonders vaguely what he’s agreed to. He grudgingly admits that he should have been taught by former experience to pay closer attention to his partner’s plans, especially when they involved skulking about after dark in places that they most certainly should not be.
“No, Sherlock, I cannot let you back out there. You know what is going happen...” Mycroft decides that stalling for time, because the proper paperwork has yet to be completed, is possibly not going to work at this point.
(I digress.)
John kisses her once more, a gentle press of lips as reassurance as he holds her in his lap. She’s smaller than him, for sure, but almost as muscular, he thinks as she tightens her thighs around his hips. She smells clean and of a rare desert breeze. “Yes?”
“Oh!” Molly says, her hands covering her mouth. “I didn’t know there were…” she trails off, her eyes following the line of the nasty wound. She pales a little.
John has missed it again.
would be highly entertaining in and of itself. Hugh could do some impressions of him during a stand-up routine…)
Mycroft starts before closing his eyes.
“It was nice to meet you…” John calls.
Oh. Yellow.
By the time he gets to tell John his story, Sherlock Holmes is well known for the powers of his mind. Sherlock at age fifteen was not much different, though he’d just discovered his ability to shapeshift and the idea completely obsessed him. Unlike other families Sherlock knew of, the Holmes were unembarrassed by their many Were and Shifter relatives and actively encouraged the practice in their sons. Of their parents, only Daddy Holmes is a shifter, a rather docile-appearing white Bengal Tiger with thick fur and a heavy belly, though his brother is a stately Buzzard and their grandmother a sleek black leopard.
John pretends to read the Sky Mall catalog.
They all watch her and John even pulls out his phone to grab some pictures as she army crawls across the sofa until she ends up standing eye-to-eye with Martin. He keeps his arm across the back and his other hand flat as she approaches.
I am sure I am too disgusting to look at, that’s why I’m not allowed out of this room. I sit on the floor because I hate the bed. It’s much easier for the cleaning woman who comes later to change the sheets this way, but she never comes after Thomas visits me. I don’t know why. That’s what he is doing, I think, visiting me.
“Do what, John?”
“Mrs. Hudson, I am truly sorry.” Sherlock says as she turns to face him. Uncharacteristically, his head is hanging and he is studying his freshly-scuffed shoes as if they hold all the answers to the universe.
(As if
The nasty wound runs parallel to Maya’s spine, getting deeper at the jut of a vertebrae, leading to the reason she’s lying here before them: her spinal cord is severed cleanly.
When they come up for air John is on the floor on his knees, the sun worshiping the moon. Sherlock is curled around him, one broad palm on either side of his neck as if he’s afraid to move too far out of his orbit. John leans forward and smiles, his hands grasping the strong, lean thighs that cage him. Each time Sherlock moves, he can feel the play of the muscles beneath thin black trousers.
When the giant slowly turns towards them, John lets out a sigh as the axe drops to the ground with a heavy thud. Somehow he even feels a bit luckier when the handle snaps like a twig and the business end of the thing falls beside it. Surely no one would just pick up a worn out yet apparently useful enough axe head over the handle that has a much longer reach?
“John, I’ve something to show you and I cannot do it here.”
Sherlock tenses then realizes everything that has happened so far exceeded his expectations. He nods wordlessly in agreement.
…he struggles against the feeling, gasping into the oxygen mask over his face until the frizzy mop flips over and…
(WHAT NOW?)
“Thanks,” he says and steps back just as quickly.
“So yeah, I’m a coward. But I’ll take my lumps as I earn them. I should have told, should have turned him in, but the thing is, after that night he disappeared. Until my next leave, which began a little over eight weeks ago tonight.”
can fold up like that.
(I can say that.)
Where was I? Oh, John and Sherlock met us at the hospital, apparently John’s on staff there, and he asked me point blank if I’d reported what happened to me and then asked if I
Calm as ever, Sherlock answers, “He knows nothing about the case other than the general gossip around this place. He’s been busy working on the aircraft you were just groping to be paying more than scant attention to much else.”
Douglas cocks his head again and frowns a little. “Thanks?”
?” a deep voice cuts me off. I turn my head and take in a bed-headed detective whose got a weird expression—a cross between absolute delight and total horror—plastered on his face. His sharp green eyes are fixed on Nova who makes a little whimpering sound and kicks her foot when John rubs her fat little belly.
“That was…” John starts, quickly running out of the words to describe the crystalline labyrinth of emotions running amok about the room and lighting up their Link as if it were on fire. He looks down into Sherlock’s face, mouth open slightly, lips red and eyes clear, taking in
“Get yourself cleaned up, Sherlock, I’ve a job for you.” Mycroft gracefully stands, one hand smoothing down his waistcoat, the gold band on his finger glinting in the soft new sunlight peeking through the torn curtain over the only window in the room.
Douglas looks up to him. Behind Sherlock, John nods.
“While that may be true, Doctor House, you have been hired to help with finding him. That, at least, should appeal to what little bit of decent nature you still are assumed to possess.” Stottlemeyer leans against the doorjamb, his expression as cold as fried chicken left outside in minus three degree weather in Siberia.
? Ok, just making sure you were paying attention.)
and his curiosity of the subject is burning him up. In fact, she dug through the Holmes library and gifted to him the very thick tome he’s got open across his lap at the moment, a handwritten treatise of everything the Holmes family knows about the physical, mental and even some theories on the metaphysical phenomenon that partially involves humans possessing the capabilities to Shift into animals at least part of the time. Once he decided that shifting to a plain old housecat could have its moments and didn’t mean he was lesser to any of his family in any way, he jumped right into the information feet first.
Sherlock raises the eyebrow on the side nearest to John and steps closer to the Incredible Hulking Angryman.
The Cat sits down on his haunches by John’s feet, blinks up at him and purrs loudly, whiskers twitching. He opens his mouth in order to make a delicate ‘miaow.’
Sherlock Sends a strong feeling of Relief down their Link. John rubs his silky ears and the top of his head. No one even gives them a second glance as they step out onto the pavement.
“Ambrose, Mister Monk, would you mind if we ask you some questions?” John asks.
“Sergeant,” Sherlock’s voice has gone from cool to ten degrees below frigid, he’s as close to exploding as John has seen in a long time. “How in the world can I read evidence that has been completely contaminated, obliterated and vanished?” He snaps his mouth shut and commences chomping on his tongue.
“I was not dreaming.” Unwaveringly.
“Vampire,” Sherlock mutters without heat before unfolding himself from the table. He switches off the lamp and stands outside John’s partially open bedroom door for fifteen minutes before shedding his clothing and shifting. It takes ten seconds to cross the floor and leap up onto the bed. John is curled on his side so the Cat stretches out against John’s back and begins to purr. He tells himself that he is doing this for John, because he’s statistically more likely to have a nightmare when he’s as exhausted as he was tonight and
Wilson looks from Sherlock to John and back to Sherlock. “Alllllright…” he says, rolling the letter 'l' because he can.
“Dammit, I’m sorry.” Before he can react, Martin finds himself in the embrace of a man who is obviously his brother’s lover whose name he isn’t sure he knows. “Hi, I’m John Watson and apparently you already know Sherlock.”
Douglas grins broadly. “Of course I have, I live not too far from Fitton Airport.”
talking.
The cat keeps his eyes on the ground, a child finding it difficult to admit his shortcomings.
“You are quite obsessed with shoes lately, John,” Sherlock drawls, lacing his fingers together on top of the menu, easily changing the subject.
“Do what? Ask you out?” Douglas looks incredulous at the very idea.
John knows his eyebrows have just decided to take a trip to the top of his head.
“It’s exactly what Sherlock said to me,” John offers with a shrug.
(See the end of the chapter for
“There’s really only one thing I don’t know, actually.” Victor taps the side of his head with his index finger and shuffles his bare feet in the grass.
DI Gregory Lestrade stands outside the black wooden door, his eyes on the ground and his ears pricked for anything happening beyond it, trying to hold in his gasping breath from sprinting up the steps. Beyond the landing where he stands, there is a very telling lack of sound. Too telling. It looks as if the text sent to his phone twenty minutes ago was right on the money. He slams the side of his fist against the door again, hoping beyond hope that it’s not in vain.
With that, Stottlemeyer does his best John Watson impression and beat feets it swiftly in the direction of the nearest lift, because he’s a lot older than those two and sure as he has no idea what a Code Seven or where Ward Three is, he’s not going to be left out in the cold.
“John.”
“Ah,” John says, finishing the last of his tea.
“Whom?” asks Sherlock, doing his best to look convincing.
. He sighs, being well versed in the subtle cues of
Sherlock agrees, more than a little proud at the connection John’s made. “Victor’s aunt. He stays with her when he’s home on leave.”
“I understand, Ms. Wright. Thank you for coming, I’m sure we can work something out. Would you like me to call you a cab?”
in the steamer truck. Probably for some reason that would involve hookers and livestock, but seriously, that’s not what this story is about.
“Stop!” He shouts, holding both hands out towards the nurse holding an intubation tube. John doesn’t wait to see if she is going to listen before reaching out towards Mr. Thompson’s face. The man tries to pull away from John, but since he can barely breath, it is a weak gesture.
“That’s amazing, Doctor Stamford.”
“Come on, Douglas, I’ll explain on the way.” John points towards a golf cart that’s parked a few feet from the door of one of the many hangars.
“Well, I’ve got to be going. Will you be home when I get done?”
“Evidence?” John asks. Beside him, Sherlock cocks his head and raises an eyebrow.
Ignoring everything, Sherlock drops to his knees and slowly reads the evidence he knows is there, then again to be sure.
Grabbing a clean towel from the cupboard and sending a quiet thought of gratitude in Mrs. Hudson’s direction, John decides he’ll try to get into contact with Sherlock; if he doesn’t hear back, then he’s going on up to bed. They haven’t really tested their Link in any capacity yet. There isn’t a reason for that, other than they are usually together enough that it is unnecessary.
Mycroft give him dirty looks over their shoulders as if they
Dropping his towel on the tile beside the pool, he shrugs silently, please just let it go this time. Sherlock’s expression softens and he gracefully jumps upward then dives down towards the bottom of the pool. Naturally, John can’t help but stare as his posh behind wrapped in tight swimwear like a gift to be unwrapped...
Sherlock and Sophie reappear about an hour later with Mrs. Hudson in tow. Somewhere along the line, she’s managed to finagle a basket lunch for all of them. She busies herself setting out paper plates and napkins for them, then a bunch of wrapped sandwiches and bags of crisps.
Sherlock swans out the swinging doors and John can hear his footsteps pounding up the back stairs, the genius idiot taking them two at a time. John shakes his head again and hopes the fool doesn’t fall. Right now, one injured man is more than enough.
“Shower?” he asks.
House sneers and for a split second no one moves. He seems to rethink his position, however, and eyes the three angry men staring at him. In a single motion, he cracks a boys-will-be-boys grin and holds his hands up high, palms outward. “Sorry.”
John’s words are cut off as a black cab pulls up on the road in front of them. John offers his hand to help Victor from the bench, but he ignores it. John shrugs and catches up with Sherlock who is already climbing into the back seat. Victor follows a few moments later then settles down with a sigh. He leans his head back and closes his eyes, not speaking again until they pull up in front of the bed and breakfast.
“Sherlock, I don’t even know where to go from here,” John growls under his breath.
Sensing a get-out-of-jail free card in the offering, Sherlock glares. Mummy hushes them.
“Don’t you ‘Mummy’ me, Sherlock. I know you’re only here seeking knowledge. So go on, ask away.”
“Thank you,” he whispers and John doesn’t need it spelled out for him. He knows.
“What?” Douglas’ brain doesn’t seem to want to register the detective's words.
manner in unison. He manages to frown at all three of them in succession.
“I can help,” a deep, velvety voice says from behind John. He looks over his shoulder and takes in the older man. “I’m not really a medic, but I spent some time in medical school.”
“Sorry, John, not your fault.”
John exhales and Martha picks up on the subtle tells the man truly thinks he hides from everyone. “I’m going to be alright, Mrs. Hudson.” There is a pause. “I’m sorry, could you hold on one second, please?”
It’s the off-center-ness that makes Sherlock a tiny bit crazy so he retaliates by cupping the back of John’s skull with one hand, effectively holding him in place in order to begin kissing the daylights out of him. The little devil that lives on John’s left shoulder smirks and pumps his fist in the air, while the little angel on his right shoulder whispers
John watches a fat, fuzzy penguin chick squawk at its parent to be fed.
Sherlock uncovers his eyes and glares up at her. Ophelia laughs and continues to poke him with her big toe until he swats at her and she rolls off the back of the sofa right onto to him. Only for a second, though, then she disappears, only to reappear in Sherlock’s chair with his bow in her hand. It makes a soft whooshing noise as she waves it back and forth.
Douglas leans down to whisper in John’s ear, “He sure looks shorter than he does in his pictures, though.”
John huffs and debates on how long he could lock himself into the teeny weeny loo in the back of the airplane before one of two things happen: 1) Sherlock breaks the door down and drags him out, or 2) someone calls security and he spends sixteen hours
John’s nightmare splinters; he only wakes partially on a shout to discover that there is a weight pressing down on him from above; he can’t place where he is or what it is and everything is muffled and he’s blind. The heavy touch is too much; John growls and tries to smash at whatever it is with his shoulders. What is this? Is he under a deuce-and-a-half? Has he gone deaf from the gunfire? He can’t catch his breath. When his captor proves unyielding, he fights to get one hand free and swings instinctively until he makes some sort of contact.
“Hey Douglas,” Arthur calls out, waving his hand in the air. He approaches them, bouncing on the balls of his feet. The girl with him gives them a simpering smile and excuses herself for the moment. Arthur gives her a quick peck on the lips before she goes. His smile is almost as blazing as the one Douglas greeted Martin with.
Sherlock never takes his eyes off John; he would be unable to do it even if forced. There’s an odd hum in the back of his mind that is familiar yet out of his grasp, keeping him cool though his heart is racing.
John rolls his eyes and puts his back to the strange tableaux. Sherlock merely shakes his head and heads back towards House’s office.
When they turn back to Arthur, he looks like he’s going to burst. “Anyway, Mum says that since we are stuck here until you’re allowed to leave, because of the crash you helped with, you know…she says we ought to be looking for someone to take Herc’s place…so, Martin, what about you?” he turns his full attention on Martin then.
John knows that expression all too well.
Recognition floods John’s senses. “House, could you look at Mr. Thompson’s feet, please?”
Douglas does his best to ignore the heightened sense of
Sherlock raises his head slowly, come-fuck-me-eyes half lidded and the bastard has the audacity to lick his lips. “Yes, John?” he asks innocently, his deep baritone proving the lie.
“She is,” I sniff. I want to tell her that she was part of the reason I tried so hard to get Bryan some help, but I’m done talking about it for a bit. I hope. “I need to take her out though.”
“Wow,” John says under his breath.
“I’m so sorry, John,” he whispers against John’s mouth when they come up for air.
. John agrees with her.
Molly nods. “What is that all about, anyway?”
“I’ll understand if you want me to leave,” he croaks, staring down at his fingers. His back is bowed and he is so tense that he’s almost hovering above the cushions rather than actually sitting on them.
Martin decides Douglas is telling the truth so he swirls a fry on his plate into some ketchup that he’s just put onto it. He bites the now-gooey end off of it and catches Douglas’ eyes. The older man is staring at him, which in turn makes Martin even more nervous and he drops the stupid thing in his lap.
“The good doctor seems a bit, ah, uninterested in your conclusions tonight, dear brother.” Mycroft gracefully takes Sherlock’s chair, picking at invisible lint on his camel trousers.
The faint lines around Sherlock’s eyes have softened along with the plea that John can Hear as loudly as if it were shouted. Hesitating for a second, he brings their mouths together once more. When they part this time, Sherlock’s hands are resting on John’s shoulders, long fingers curled around the tops of his biceps.
In the morgue.
John’s phone vibrates in his hand. Ignoring the way his palms have suddenly broken out in a sweat, he swipes the screen, heart pounding in his throat. He reads both messages, starting with his own.
It’s been especially hard since Ginny had the baby, because I’ve not had too many people to talk to and I don’t like hanging around at Ginny’s flat today, either. It’s not that I don’t like the baby, I’m just not…well, right now I’m not much good to anybody.
The Osprey’s eyes are cold and calculating, black pupils tiny in their golden irises. John sees Sherlock duck to avoid the bird’s deadly claws, then his worry shifts to its incredibly jackknife-like beak as the bird’s head darts back and forth, aiming for the Cat’s eyes.
John unconsciously scans the room for possible witnesses and wonders vaguely where the coroner could be. Sergeant Penn has remained outside the morgue even when Barkley and Sherlock got louder, seemingly quite unconcerned by the whole ordeal. Perhaps this is their normal way of handling things?
“Enough.”
“I’m sure you’ll find I can.” Sherlock mutters.
Sherlock starts to argue then gives up meekly as Greg pointedly stares at the cup. Now Greg knows something is terribly wrong. He kneels down in front of the younger man as if speaking to a child and almost rests a hand on his shoulder, taking in the tense expression on Sherlock’s bruised face, his unkempt hair, cream-colored shirt buttoned incorrectly and hanging out of a pair of jeans that look like they were last worn in 1992. He’s only got one arm in his coat, it hangs oddly off the other side. Greg takes a risk of getting his head knocked off and adjusts it over Sherlock’s shoulder, almost absentmindedly.
Sherlock frowns harder, the skin between his eyebrows wrinkling. “If you must know John, it’s
“Your name!” Victor laughs.
“Sherlock, what do you think?” John asks, finally giving up on the chair to stretch out on the ground next to his partner. The constant strain of looking up to the sky is taking its toll on his bad shoulder.
“You won’t want to miss this,” Sherlock tells him with a lifted eyebrow.
“He’s saying he’s not one hundred percent gay, John.” Sherlock interrupts, the doctor’s name escaping his lips on a hiss of annoyance.
She checks to be sure her wallet is in her pocketbook, takes it out and slips it and her phone into her trouser pockets. Before she leaves her flat, she double-checks that the hob is turned off, no lights are left on and that she has her key then closes the door behind her as she steps out onto Baker Street to hail a taxi, only remembering as she clambers into the backseat that she has forgotten to ask John if he needs anything.
“Look, maybe we have gotten off to a bad start, why don’t you take a card,” John explains as he digs one of Sherlock’s business cards from beneath a toppled stack of papers on his desk. He encourages her to stand by walking over to the door and offering the card.
A turning point: John is starting to accept his past and Sherlock gets a little flirty.
Mable shakes her head to the negative as she steps gingerly down the stairs. John watches her until she’s out of sight, then after he hears the outside door open and close, he shuts and locks their door. He sighs and leans against it, still partially reeling from the orgasm earlier and the fact that he’s ninety-nine percent sure he’s headed for creating a Bond with Sherlock. That thought alone is almost enough to make him weak at the knees. He straightens up, double-checks the lock, gives the tea things a glance—they aren’t going anywhere—and heads towards the bedroom.
John stiffens his spine and turns away from the Cat, one hand dropping to the small of his back where his gun is tucked carefully beneath his jacket. He doesn’t take it out, however, as he quickly estimates the damage that a rogue bullet could do in here. A squeaky sound from the direction of Sherlock’s bedroom echoes through the sitting room. John takes two steps in order to peer around the corner just as Sherlock gives a hiss; John turns to look at him, takes in the hunched back Halloween cat pose and fur standing on end. The Cat’s mouth is open, ears flat on his head and his teeth are bared. A long, low hiss permeates the air.
“Nope.” Sherlock calls from behind the refrigerator door, popping the last ‘p’ in the word. He stares at the almost-bare appliance in an effort to figure out what he could do to irritate Mycroft the most. There’s never anything particularly gross in the crisper when he really needs it.
“Naturally. No one can resist me for too long.” Snap goes the face plate.
Martin thinks he must be grinning like a loon. “That would be great!” He gives himself a second to think about that. “Of course, then, there’s always my other…”
Sherlock stands but makes no effort to disrobe. Victor frowns down at him and Sherlock makes a mental note of the three and one half inches that separate them in height. “Tell me what you know.” Surely, he thinks, Victor will fail at telling Sherlock anything about himself and he can go back to his research.
“Good!” Sherlock shouts across the dining room, letting go his collar and holding one hand up high as if beckoning someone. “Now, walk towards me.”
“Don’t do that, you look just like Mummy,” he states blandly.
“What happened to you?” John queries, gently lifting one of Victor’s eyelids in turn to check his pupils. “You don’t seem to have a concussion, though you did say they hit you in the head?”
Greg takes the seat at the table opposite Sherlock as the policemen begin unraveling what they know so far.
! Lestrade is here, too. Wouldn’t that hurt his feelings?) (Narrator points at Lestrade who does his best pouty face.)
Well, Sherlock considers, he has to concede that one. Current score for Making Sherlock Go Outside and Get Fresh Air For A Bit: Sherlock, zip, John, one. Sherlock lets out another long-suffering sigh and yanks the socks over his feet, glaring at them when they fit because it completely ruins that built-in excuse.
“Want you,” John tells him then slides down and takes Sherlock in his mouth. Sherlock pushes and prods John so that he ends up lying on his side, his mouth on Sherlock’s cock and Sherlock’s hand on John’s. It’s not uncomfortable this way, though John would prefer to take more time touching and caressing his partner, it is enough for now.
Finally, John breaks the tension by taking a deep breath. “Fine.” He turns to Edwina. “Thank you for the lovely scones and tea. Perhaps I will see you another day when you have less company.”
The detective-y eyes, one set of green ones and one set of brown ones, move from John to the older woman and back to John.
John looks quizzically up at his partner who pretends to be blind. They both hug Sophie and watch her leave with Greg and Mrs. Hudson. Martin and Mycroft go out towards the front of the building.
“Shhh!” Atlantea warns, pointing towards the ceiling.
Sherlock tosses it against the wall where it sticks like monster spit or maybe some strange new type of chewing gum that tastes like black licorice. Either way, it begins to come apart from the force. Sherlock gently takes the bottom side of it and slides it down the wall until another clue is revealed.
Wilson’s eyes light up in recognition. He turns to look at House over his shoulder, then back to Sherlock. “Ah.” Apparently, that’s the best he can do under the circumstances.
“Why?” Sherlock asks, stumbling over the word.
John fixes himself another cuppa and, after taking note that the Cat has returned to his curled-up state on John’s chair, this time with a full belly, he allows his mind to wander.
“Sanderson, how do you craft such a divine brew?” John teases, glad to be able to drop the formality of titles for a little while. "Must be magic."
No one else says anything; John, Douglas and Greg are transfixed, eager to hear the rest of
Grant continues to pace, now quiet silent. John, clearly seeing that Sherlock is about three-tenths of a second from throwing their client bodily out the door stands up from his chair and asks if they would like tea. He picks up the still-warm bag of takeaway to forlornly drop it on the kitchen table. Muttering to himself about detectives who refuse to put on decent clothing
“It was in my mouth, John,” Sherlock whispers as he pushes the door open slowly so that it doesn’t creak in any way.
“They don’t have basements, they have
He scratches at the side of his helmet in a gesture so incredibly recognizable that John’s knees threaten to give out. He shakes it off and now John is pretty sure that the man is smirking, his well-shaped lips quirked in such a familiar fashion. Forcefully, John is reminded of Sherlock when the detective is showing off in front of the entire ‘Yard.
“Douglas, I will find him,” Sherlock states assuredly as he stops at Douglas’ side.
“Mr. Holmes, you’ve got to help me. I know Grant came to you first, but they took her.”
Martin chuckles again. “Is this how your lives are all the time?”
“It’s my fault. I should have kept trying to convince him. He just wouldn’t listen. Said he’d taken enough orders in his life and he wasn’t going to take any more.” I laugh, knowing I’m probably toeing the line of
“Papa?” Sophie’s voice is curious, but not fearful.
Dammit. That’s not going to happen. He hears Sherlock’s muffled voice through the door of their little WC, requesting that whomever is making the awful racket be allowed in, preferably before they disturb the two youngest Holmes. Just as John is getting to his feet and groping for his bottoms, Sherlock appears fully dressed, hair neat and tidy. John shakes his head and heads towards the loo.
For a few moments, the three men watch Christopher as he hugs his sister and plants himself at her side, looking back at them quickly as if daring them to try and move him. When nothing of the sort is offered, he gently takes her fingers in his own and murmurs to her in Russian.
from her coming down their Link. Her body shivers, all the colors in the world beginning to fade, then she lies there beneath him, naked, small and gone from this world. John holds her close, fighting memories of other deaths, other times he was useless and weeps as everything he is shatters into billions of pieces like carnival glass dashed against pavement. He's powerless, useless and utterly broken.
two, but we have a kidnapped Monk to find! Let’s see if we can get this thing organized. (I think they all get bored when I take a break.)
As John rolls off the edge of the bed, he slams his Shield closed so quickly and so forcefully it is more than blocking Sherlock’s attempts to reach him, causing a metaphysical echo between them. There’s a drumbeat and the shudder of marching boots on tarmac playing over and over in his sub-consciousness because the enemy, whoever it was holding him down earlier, they will catch up with him any moment.
“Either join in or fuck off.”
“I have this weird feeling in my gut that Moriarty was never going to stop tormenting you until one of you were, well. Yeah, I think you understand.”
“Sort of,” he answers with a quick grin.
“Was waiting on you, great git,” John mutters as he’s pulled to his feet. He pats Sherlock’s hand and pulls out of his grip to amble towards the loo.
John looks at his watch, surprised that it’s only half-past three in the afternoon. That means his two favorite ladies should return at any time now. Martin is telling them about working for Triple-W Aerial Shows and how much he enjoys his job. He and Roderick are currently two of the four employees, though the loss of one of the three pilots is going to hit the small company pretty hard. John is impressed that Sherlock seems to be listening, even hanging on every word with a hungry look in his eyes; giving a little head nod and murmuring in the right places.
Martin nods, still looking slightly shell-shocked. “I don’t know which thing to be more worried about…the bomb or the fact that I was just invited to fly an experimental aircraft.”
“Only once in your life, I truly believe, you find someone who can completely turn your world around. You tell them things that you’ve never shared with another soul and they absorb everything you say and actually want to hear more.”
“Well, since I am pretty useless here, I’d like to say it’s been nice to meet you, yay, but…no, no it probably wasn’t.” John shakes his head and pushes the button on his Bluetooth. “False alarm,” he tells Dale, “I’m coming home.”
Again, John fights the twin sensations of being pulled forward physically and mentally. He knows he’s not exactly helpless, but he’s got to be sure. Without saying anything else, he turns on his heel to discover that t’s an almost painful experience to tear his eyes away from the decadent sight on the bed. “Sherlock, get those clothes on and let’s go home.”
Right now, though, he’s got his eyes set on an enormous plate of steaming spaghetti with sauce and oh God, are those meatballs? How the hell…? In all honesty, it’s probably better not to know, since he’s fully aware of how many ‘trades’ have been going on around and off camp for weeks to set this night up. Totally worth ignoring the occasional disappearance of odd things like tongue depressors or a case of extra-large latex gloves for this. He’s fairly certain that the garlicky, tomato-y, buttery aroma of the dish will be etched in his memory in times to come, especially the next time he’s standing in line in the mess tent.
Vaguely he wonders just who this ‘Toby’ person might be, though he’s got a pretty good idea because of the sense of joy and elation that sharply changes into despair and loneliness. John surely is unaware of how much of himself seeps through, even when his Shield is closed. Wanting to comfort the other man, yet unsure of just what he’s allowed to do and having no desire to cross any invisible lines at three o’clock in the morning, he settles for remaining on guard outside John’s bedroom in the guise of a curled up housecat. The thought of John sets him to purring and he winds up dozing heavily for the next four hours.
, but Sherlock is intelligent enough to do it, and certainly without the customary flair.
John turns slowly on his feet in order to face Barkley, who has a red baseball bat in his hand, using it to describe a big circle in the air. He surely looks prepared to use it, so John’s got to think fast.
Sherlock’s hands grab at John’s, finally stopping on his forearms. His expression is open now, gaze intense. “This has nothing to do with your past and everything to do with mine,” he states openly, ending by putting a hand over his mouth in an attempt to hold in the words.
“Interest me. You have ten seconds.” Sherlock makes a show of checking his watch.
“Wow,” Douglas says, for want of a better word. “That’s…well, actually, I don’t know what that is.” He frowns at the sickly yellow tile floor, considering whether anything similar has ever happened to him. The entrance/exit door slides open, effectively halting their conversation.
Irritated, he huffs it upward. It ignores him.
“I have a message from the other Mr. Holmes and Mr. Lestrade,” John waits for the inevitable Sherlockian correction when she says Greg’s name—Lay Strayed—but the current warm and fuzzy atmosphere must be affecting the detective, too. He simply looks at her.
“No,” John snarls.
“No, it’s fine, Mister Holmes, really…” The woman looks a bit concerned, however.
Eventually, the trembling subsides and Sherlock pulls away from him in order to stretch out on the mattress. John slides down and copies his movements, crossing his arms beneath his head. Once again, they don’t speak but it feels to John like something needs to be said in order to clear the air. Since Sherlock’s not going to say anything, he decides it is up to him to break the ice. He begins by clearing his throat.
John and Greg talk about the various aircraft on display, reminding Sherlock strongly of the many times the two of them watched football on the telly or at the pub. This time, though, they aren’t arguing about which players have made mistakes, instead they are watching the planes with twin looks of awe of their faces. Sherlock pays attention for a little while then retreats into his own head to think about the sort-of case that they have going on, then switches his attention to Sophie now happily pounding John’s thigh with her airplane toys.
Eventually, John finds himself in his bed, alone, considering this new advent in his life and for once being able to replay a few of his memories from a more detached point of view. As he begins to fall asleep, it occurs to him that it is probably no coincidence that Sherlock Shifts into a cat.
“Any ideas, Sherlock?” Sally asks uncharacteristically curious.
Greg grins at the wistful look of nostalgia gracing his husband’s features. “That’s sweet,” he chuckles.
Detective-y eyebrows curve neatly over detective-y eyes that are now narrowed, and the reason isn’t the light in the passenger cabin.
, but the strangled sound under his breath is close enough for John to call it.
(See the end of the chapter for
John cocks an eyebrow at him as he sips his coffee. “Yeah, well, it doesn’t work like that around Holmeses.”
just a nightmare. Something else happened tonight, something unquantifiable. On John’s first shout, Sherlock shifted and approached the bed as calmly as possible. It was when he touched John’s shoulder in the hopes to give him a bit of comfort, or grounding or whatever…the feeling that their Link was a physical thing being pulled taut over an uncountable distance started in the back of Sherlock’s mind and he was yanked along until the pressure was too much and there was little choice but to Look.
Movement beside him draws his attention to Sherlock, who is kneeling down peering at the gravel beneath their feet. “What?” John starts, knowing that if the detective stays that way too long he’s going to be complaining about dirt on the hem of his coat.
“John, I’d like you to meet my eldest brother, Sherrinford.”
“Look, Mycroft, it’s all water under the bridge and all that crap. Alright? I’ve grown up and so’ve you.”
“Such as?” Victor’s voice has gone deep.
Sherlock laughs, too, a deep, throaty sound that John will never tire of hearing. He offers John a peck on the lips then gracefully unfolds out of the chair. “We need to change quickly, we have a client!”
John admires the tall man framed as he is by the doorway from his place on the floor and lets Sherlock probe along what could only be described as a mental ribbon that binds them. He gives the detective the chance to stop
When his eyes lock on Sherlock’s from where he stands stiffly with his arms at his sides across the room, there’s a fusion of heat/want/there you are in the back of his mind that reminds him of things that have become increasingly difficult to ignore, even in the midst of the negativity of last night. John’s icy stare is heavy, so he touches the ugly bloom of purple and red on his face lightly with his fingertips. Surely it looks worse in the terrible lighting here in the morgue.
