Dean wondered to himself.
Cas raised a puzzled eyebrow.
"Leave the bottle."
Dean turned and put his feet on the floor, then wiped his hands along his thighs.
"I came just from sucking you," Cas assured him, quick to alleviate Dean's concerns that he hadn't enjoyed himself.
"I don't know!" he exclaimed, with tears of frustration and guilt in his eyes.  "But it's stupid and I should be able to recognise what a good thing I have with Cas!  He
"Trying to read my mind!  You don't know anything about me!"
Dean snorted, rolling his eyes.  "She's like the Devil's daughter, Cas.  That woman would have a man like you for breakfast."
"Uh, thanks?"
"Dean!" Ben protested, nevertheless allowing himself to be hugged.  "So why didn't you ever call, or come visit?" he asked, once Dean had let him go.
Cas shook his head.  Just how little of last night did Dean remember?  "You wouldn't take my virginity," he heard himself say, and blushed.
"He deserved it."
," Ben remarked wistfully.  "Maybe they'd still be together if they were."
"Stop what?"
" Castiel accused.  "You said it would make me look,
"  Sniffing and wiping his nose on his sleeve, he said,  "Funny.  "That usually only happens around cats."
.  He held his breath, feeling a warm flush spreading across his face as Dean ran his tongue across his lower lip, catching a few stray flakes of pastry.
that didn't mean that it was
"—changed," Dean finished for him.
Dean hesitated, only for the slightest of moments, before settling down next to him.  "I'd better not catch whatever it is you've got," he warned, only half-teasing.
.  He'd been afraid that if he'd tried to say goodbye he wouldn't leave, and he
Dean grinned.  "No.  'Cause I don't wanna leave."
They made their way round the fruit and veg section first, Cas selecting the nicest looking onions and parsnips while Dean grabbed a prepacked bag of potatoes.
you to."  Cas bit his lip.  "But you have to agree, it
"I don't know about
Dean grinned and Castiel chuckled against his mouth.
Dean laughed. "I know. But what were you planning on doing today?"
When Dean had found that the cupboards were practically empty that morning, he'd bitten the bullet and announced that they would go shopping. But as he'd been about to leave he realised that Cas was in charge of the cooking, so should also be in charge of the groceries. So he'd told him to write a list of anything he thought they'd need (thinking it would give Cas something positive to focus on, and distract him from whatever it was that he was dealing with) and the rest they could just make up as they went along.
"Might turn mine, if I didn't have Cesar."
want you to stop.  It has taken us too damn long to get to this point - but you
Dean lifted his hands from where they rested lightly on Cas's waist, and wrapped him in a hug.  He smiled in amusement and pleasure at Castiel's sudden outburst of emotion, but his eyes were sad.  Of all the few times he'd tried committing to someone, sometimes it felt like no-one had ever loved him as much as Cas did - and that was terrifying.  Terrifying because he didn't deserve that level of love, and because he wasn't sure he could return it.  As much as he wanted to be able to.
When Ellen disappeared through the back, Jo started to sing quietly to herself.
"Just tired," Castiel admitted.
cook a
"Good."
something.
"What - am I not your type?"
Cas rolled his eyes, but let the matter drop.
"Huh."
Cas thought about it, immediately ruling out things that came to mind that were beyond Dean for now.  "I'll take the foot rub," he decided.
"Dean," Castiel warned.
"You should do that more often," Dean told him, stepping closer to him.  "Smile, I mean."
Dean rolled his eyes, stared at the ceiling, and sighed.  Pamela didn't say anything - just sat there in silence, watching him.  In the silence of the room, the ticking of the clock became deafening as neither spoke.  He wondered briefly whether they'd spend the whole session like this, if he said nothing.
Cas raised an eyebrow.  "I'm a big boy, Dean - no-one can make me do
"Then what the hell would you call it?!"
"N-no. I'm with my, uh, Dean," Castiel motioned towards the pool table, where Dean was still obscured by the throng of tipsy players.
"Okay, okay." As Dean tried to peer around Cas' shoulder to get the key in the lock, he caught a whiff of his scent. Cas smelled surprisingly good; a mix between the shampoo they shared and a slight earthy smell. Dean cleared his throat, shaking himself out of his distraction as the door finally swung open after three attempts. "Move," he muttered, slapping Cas' ass as they entered the apartment. There was no way either of them were going to be able to make the sofa bed up, so he half-dragged Cas in the direction of his bedroom. "Come on, Sleeping Beauty."
"Maybe I shouldn't have come back," Cas mused aloud.
better," Cas continued.
"It's Cas," he corrected her, standing up.
"I'm going to cook breakfast."
"It was really good," Castiel said, casting a frown in Dean's direction.  "Dean gave me some Stephen King movies."
But Dean was too busy laughing to respond.
The next day, Balthazar dropped by with a belated birthday present.
Cas stepped out into the night, wrapping his arms around him in a futile attempt to protect himself from the cold.  He shivered, and turned instinctively when the music from inside got momentarily louder as the door swung open and closed again.
"Ben is a sensible young man.  He'll wait for us before running off to the next area."
"You got a name?" he asked eventually.
Cas smiled, wondering if there was a more accurate song lyric to sum up Dean.
"I didn't know you played."
"No, you didn't."
The guy beside him shifted, and as Dean's gaze continued to wander up his body he immediately wanted to buy him a razor for Christmas, because hiding a jawline that strong underneath several days of stubble should be a crime.  Dean's inner thighs prickled at the thought of that stubble irritating his skin.
"Dean," Cas breathed when he saw the size of it.
"There's food in the freezer, which will do us a week or so.  We're not going to starve."
Castiel lifted Dean's arm around his shoulders and snuggled into his side.  "Maybe.  Maybe not.  But go to sleep."
"So?  There's a lot of lonely singles out there," Benny said suggestively.
Dean scoffed. "You don't know me, Cas. Even my own brother got so sick of my shit he left."
"He may not like it, but he can't change it," Cas said firmly, fighting to keep his real feelings from being revealed through his tone.
"Dean?" he called.
He wasn't ashamed to admit that the film moved him, both in terms of plot and the through the way he could relate to Jack.  Unlike Dean, who bottled up most of his emotions under some illusion of being more 'manly' for doing so.  When Balthazar came home, he found him sobbing on the couch, surrounded by damp, snotty tissues.
"Lost."
Dean clapped Cas on the shoulder as a plateful of sausage, bacon and eggs was placed in front of him. "Thanks."
"You don't have to answer, but, when did your dad kick you out?"
Christmas movie!"
"I'm late for work!" Dean yelled, racing into the room.  "Bobby's going to tear me a new one!"
"Yeah," Ben said quietly.  "Dean?"
Two weeks later, Pamela tried to pick up where they left off.
," Castiel shot back with a grin.
Cas leaned across the kitchen table and took Dean's hands in his own.  "I know you are.  You're not the same man I moved in with, and that's because you've been committed to me.  You've wanted to make this relationship work, so you've voluntarily done things you wouldn't ordinarily have done willingly.  As a result, you're a better man.  And our relationship is all the stronger for it."
to touch me?" Cas snapped bitterly, pulling away.
"I didn't agree to those tems," Castiel said, nevertheless fishing his wallet out of his back pocket.  "Does anybody else want anything?"
"Be great if they did," Dean grumbled as he went to retrieve the washing supplies.
Dean's face lit up.  "I thought you didn't play sports any more?"
"No, it's okay.  I just don't want to bog you down with all the depressing details,” he explained.   “I grew up in a very closed-off, religious community."
"If that's what you wanted, yes," she told him, disappointment evident in her tone.  "You can leave any time you like - even if we haven't reached the end of your time.  Sometimes it can be necessary, during a particularly intense session."
"I'll put the coffee on for you," Cas said.
Dean knew exactly which church to which Castiel was referring, and shook his head. It would have taken the guy well over an hour to get there on foot. He looked at the clock again, thinking about going to pick him up. What time would he get out? Scratch that – what time did church even start? He glanced back at the note.
decide!" Castiel growled icily.
"She's doing a stock take. You want to see her?"
That was probably why he went a little overboard, and an hour and three stores later Castiel had a t-shirt for every day of the week, a pair of jeans (which Dean had informed him would be much more comfortable than the suit trousers that he'd been wearing), and some new socks and underwear. He was looking at a navy sweater when Dean reappeared carrying something with difficulty behind his back to keep it from Castiel's sight.
He moved away from the shelves and over to her desk, watching as she wrote something down.  "What are you writing?"
"What?"
Dean stared at the needles moving in Cas's hands.  "Yeah."
"We'll get you another one, and you can borrow one of mine in the mean time if you want to go anywhere. Sam always gives me twice as much as he says he will – I think it's 'cause he expects me to drink it away, and he wants me to have some let over for the important things. It doesn't matter what he says – he's always got my back." Dean knew he sounded like he was trying to convince himself as much as Castiel, but the truth was it didn't matter how often he lectured Dean about money and drinking and whatever else, he'd never threatened to cut him off before – and the thought of losing Sam terrified Dean more than he would care to admit. "So yeah, we'll get you a new coat, and not that I was looking or anything, but you could probably use some new t-shits as well. Honestly, dude, those threads are not cool."
"I know you did.  Man, I drove you to the E.R. on my handlebars."
Cas kissed the top of Dean's head.
"My apologies."
Which was total bullshit.  It didn't matter who you fell in love with, so long as they were of legal age and you treated them with respect.  Age differences, genders - none of that mattered.  So why did it?
"Why?"
"I picked it out before you started eyeing up that big one.  It's not exactly a talking piece."
apartment, but
The sound of the oven timer cut him off.
"Damn it, Cas," he said as he entered the kitchen. "That smells awesome!"
Dean poured himself a glass of cucumber water and, for the first time, opened up -
"Listen, sometimes you have to compromise on mileage to drive a thing of beauty - and
"I wasn't," Cas said pointedly, standing up and moving towards the kitchen.
"This
A reluctant smile tugged at his mouth.  "I think I see your point."
"It's what you said!"
"Yeah, well, it was a stupid idea," Ben told Dean.
Dean draped an arm over his face.  "Can you not say '
"What are you two idjits laughing about?" Bobby complained as he walked over.
"Bacon," Dean replied.
Cas ticked off the last plant on his list, before doing his rounds to make sure the windows were still locked and hadn't been tampered with.  "Alright, I'll see you all next week!" he called into the house as he locked up.
"I am more than capable of getting a
"Yes!"
"Um, those need sorting into date order, starting with the nearest," Cas suggested quietly, gesturing to a tall stack of papers.
"Hey, Cas!  I brought burgers back from the diner," Dean yelled through as soon as he opened the door.  "They're not as good as mine, but—"  He cut off when Cas slipped his arms around his waist.
Castiel went red.  "I'm sorry, I—"
Someone once left a comment specifically requesting a warning about unresolved relationship angst. I'm playing it safe and leaving that warning today!  (Sorry in advance, guys - but the scene
"Okay, good.  'Cause I've got a something I want to say to you," Dean said seriously.
Even as he felt as though the ground had given way beneath him, Cas nodded and snuggled closer to Dean.  His boyfriend.  His home.  Both at risk because of one stupid lie.
"We're good.  Thanks."  Sam was silent for a moment, then asked, "Look, I know Dean'll probably tell me what he thinks I want to hear, so...  How is he?"
Eventually Cas took his hand back, the red ghost of his handprint still marking Dean's skin from where he'd squeezed Dean too hard.
* * *
.  Not even when he was drunk, because even then he knew that you don't
Dean held up five fingers in his direction, the phone already pressed against his ear.  "Just give me five minutes, Bobby."
Dean smirked, and pulled Cas closer.  "I like the sound of your friend."
After an
"Well, seeing as we're talking about talking about your day," Dean said, putting his plate aside, "I never asked - how did your meeting thing after church go today?"
The girl Balthazar had on the sofa giggled and murmured something in his ear, then Castiel was relieved to hear his friend say, "We'll take this to my room."
Castiel looked at Dean as he allowed his words to sink in.  All his life he'd been raised to think that the only good people in the world were the ones who obeyed and worshipped God, but then they'd turned their backs on him and he'd met Dean – Dean, who might be reckless and a drunk, with had a tendency to act first and think later, and who revealed a violent streak when you crossed him or his family out of some twisted sense of loyalty, but who was also patient, and despite not ever wanting to talk about his feelings was kind and caring, and absolutely the most decent man Castiel had ever met.
"You are, and always will be, my friend," Cas told him.  "No matter what happens.  But I would prefer we were more than that."
"Or you send me away."
"You don't want to do this," Cas observed, avoiding his gaze.
Dean sighed. "Alright. But feel free to talk about something else."
"I know more than
"Are you gonna pass me my presents before I have a heart attack?"
, okay?" Dean whispered, glancing out into the yard like someone out of a bad spy movie.
Dean held out his hand, but let it drop when Cas ended the call.
* * *
Dean smirked at his lunch, because that was such a couple-y thing to say.  '
"It would be," he agreed.  "Except we never have guests around.  And the
Castiel pointed at the pre-sliced loaf beside the microwave.
* * *
"Just don't let the sprouts burn."
"What do you mean?"
"It was
"No," Dean told him, before veering off to intercept Cas.  "Whatcha looking at?" he asked innocently.
Dean mentally kicked himself. He hadn't even said ten words and he's already riled his brother.
"No, but—"
As he trudged home at one o'clock in the morning he let out a bitter laugh which misted in the air in front of him. Well, it was certainly tomorrow, alright. He'd won a shitload of money off some college students and spent it all on beer, getting himself drunk to the point that no girl was going to take him home that night, and to top it all off Ellen had kept his keys claiming he was too drunk to drive.
"Impala," Dean answered immediately. "Why?"
But then Cole played his cards and Dean's mouth went dry.  All of a sudden, he became painfully aware of just how much money he was throwing away.  It wasn't bravery.  It was
"I could have told you that for free."
"Fags having families - it ain't right.   God said—"
Castiel looked a little confused but otherwise said nothing as Dean got himself sorted then guided them towards the exit.  "What would you like for dinner?" he asked Ben as they made their way back out to the car.
"Is it time to eat?"
... rather than sex.  But then he started overthinking the future or they got closer and it started to feel wrong.
"Sorry.  I guess we're both just bad at staying in touch."
"All Ben's extra-curricular activities - games club, swimming practice, tutoring sessions...  She wants me to know when it's good to call."
"Okay," Cas agreed, reaching for his crossword book and flipping to a blank page at the back before Dean had even sat down again.  Things might finally been starting to look up for them.
"Dying," Dean said simply.
"Cas," Bobby began, "or... Castiel?"
Cas was probably too busy enjoying himself with
Jo peered at where Cas was pointing and rolled her eyes.  "You don't have to eat everything that has 'pie' in it."
Dean was stunned into silence by Cas's outburst, and as Castiel turned his back on him he wasn't sure if it was a trick of the light or if he'd seen tears in his friend's eyes.
Dean cleared his throat.  "I, uh, don't know where she got that idea," he lied.
family - as family.  Because family didn't end in blood.
something."
Dean exhaled audibly.  "I want you to do that thing where you run your fingers through my hair," he admitted quickly, as if he thought that speaking fast made him sound less vulnerable.
"Cas?"
After a sickeningly fattening breakfast of sausage, bacon and eggs, pancakes with syrup, and then, in Castiel's case, a small bowl of fruit with yoghurt, they collapsed on the sofa and groaned in union.
'd as he thought about Dean's words.
Cas covered his mouth with his hand, his heart breaking for Dean despite his behaviour the past week.  His feet started moving before he was even aware of deciding to move closed, and shook Dean's shoulder.
apartment," Cas corrected him.  "And yes.  I'm sorry, I didn't know you had allergies."
"I'm not laughing.  Now if I just gave your arm a little twist..."  She emphasised her point by applying more pressure, provoking an exclamation of pain from the man.  "I'd snap your wrist."  She let him go and stepped away.  "Now finish your drink and get the hell out."
"I think that would be wise.  I'm getting very cold."
," Dean hollered impatiently from the front door.  He'd thought
like it was playing on the video machine, but the TV guide was still on the TV screen.  He looked at the remote, but he had no idea what buttons to push.
"Then maybe it's time we looked for a new one?"
Dean surprised himself by singing along as he pulled into the garage, reluctant to admit to himself that he sort of maybe liked whatever was playing on the radio.  But he
it made him, but he still liked women.  Still thought about their soft curves when he took his hand to himself at night.
"No, I don't," Sam said honestly.  "But I don't mind setting the table for three, if that's what you want."
thing I want to do."
"I guess it would seem like a lot to you," Castiel replied as he dried his hands.
"So, what now?" Sam asked, once they'd all pushed their plates aside, stuffed full on Dean's homemade burgers.
With great difficulty, he heaved himself out of bed and dragged himself down the corridor and into the kitchen.
"He used to make me coffee every morning," Dean reminisced fondly with a sad, lopsided smile.  "I don't think that he liked how much I...
.  "Of course I'll stay," he'd said.
* * *
than fine - I like pancakes.  But
Dean's tone was icy.  "Then like
Castiel nodded absently. "I'm glad I'll get to cook for you. Well, for us." He turned to him, eyes wide and sincere. "I like having a way in which to repay your hospitality."
When Dean got back from his therapy session, he felt wiped.  As the elevator rumbled upwards, he thought about his agreement with Castiel to retreat to his bedroom until he felt more sociable.  But he already had to deal with Bobby's bad mood at work, so it didn't seem fair that he had to deal with
Cas took the bus to and from his appointment, so that Dean could spend more time alone with Ben.  It wasn't that he didn't want to spend time with him, too - it was just that he was aware they had a lot of time to make up for, and he didn't want to intrude on that.
, as he liked the others, but Cas still worried.  When he eventually heard the light click off and footsteps making their way closer, he turned towards the door.
"Yes," Dean breathed, hands already working at Santa's zipper and pulling out his hard length.  He pulled his own underwear aside and eased himself down onto his dick.
"Yes, but what about what you
one carrying a few extra pounds.  He chuckled as Benny flashed him a finger, his laughter quickly turning to a scream as Andy turned his hose on him.
"It doesn't matter."
"One soda, and one beer," Ash said, placing them down in front of them as Jo and Ellen made their way back behind the bar.
Castiel dropped his gaze to his slice of pie, suddenly not as appealing as it had looked a second ago.
," Dean continued, grabbing his arm to make him listen, "and that scares the shit out of me.  I mean I know I've done a lot of things with a lot of people, but this," he said, waving a hand between them, "isn't one of them.  I like being with you.  I have fun with you, but I—"
Everyone except Father Reynolds.
"I—" Jo started, turning Dean's attention to her.  But her mother cut her off before she could go on.
.  He became hypnotised by his gyrating hips:  a spell only broken when Balthazar started laughing beside him.
"You're alright now," Dean said to him, rubbing a hand between his shoulder blades.
"Dean is a good,
more comfortable than your bed."
of, other ten courses be damned.  Even the sweetness of the millionaire's shortbread, much needed after so many savoury dishes, couldn't beat the deliciousness and simplicity of the cheese course.
"Oh."
his way out of it in his own head?
Castiel didn't miss the way Jo looked Dean up and down, and he turned to Dean. "Are you and her... courting?" he asked quietly.
"You're happy this morning."
"Please," he asked.  "Think - just
"I am not Scrooge-y!"
likes how much you drink," she pointed out.  "But if we don't serve you here, you'd just go somewhere else - somewhere with nobody to look out for you."
When Dean tucked his fingers into the waistband of Cas's boxers, and simply kept them there as he kissed him, Cas froze.
They finished their coffees in silence, Cas unwilling to elaborate further and Dean unwilling - or perhaps too uninterested - to ask.
"What?"
"Thank God," he breathed weakly.
"What—?"
"I guess, but are you going to keep interrupting me?"
and then tell me that," Dean told him with a smirk.
Dean smiled back, and pulled his friend into another hug, but he couldn't help feeling that it sounded like Castiel was planning on leaving.
Dean stared at her, red-faced.  "No," he answered eventually.
She shook her head.  "I'm not asking you to.  I'm sure that car holds many memories for you."
Cas stiffened in his embrace, melting into Dean's touch against his better judgement as calloused fingers traced the curve of his face.  He closed his eyes, licking his lips subconsciously as he imagined what those fingers might feel like on other, more intimate areas of his body.  Stroking swollen flesh, curling inside him...  But no.  There would be none of that.  Not any time soon, he was sure.
is more beautiful than her."
"Text me and let me know you get the money okay." Sam's voice was emotionless again, and Dean knew he was being unfair on his brother, but he just didn't know how to make things right.
"You're not... I don't know, mad at me?"
"Thank you, Dean. I'll do my best not to be too much of an inconvenience."
"Like what?
"I can honestly say that I've never thought about it," Cas told him.  "Besides, you're a skilled mechanic.
"You don't have to sign onto the lease to be a part of the family," Dean told him.  And damn was it weird calling themselves that!  But a
Bobby looked around, as if suddenly realising something was missing.  "Where's your car?"
you embarrassed of me?" he asked carefully.
Dean rolled his eyes.  "Look at me when I'm talking to you."
"Thank you, Dean.  I mean it."
"I know," Cas cut him of, not wanting to hear Dean tell him that he didn't feel the same.  Knowing that Dean wasn't offended by his feelings didn't bring any of the relief that he'd hoped for.  "And that's okay."
"But," Cas smiled, realising what Pamela was prompting him to realise, "Dean wouldn't have been pushed to act on his feelings for me."
Dean laughed as the German Shepherd deserted the ball in favour of chasing a white, neatly clipped poodle across the grass.  Judging by the pink satiny bow he saw clipped to her ear as she ran past, the dog had a lot better plans that playing fetch on his mind!
"...yet you have a good job, rent your own apartment, and have a loving partner."
"Who's to say there's even anywhere for me
All he could do was watch as Dean cleared the table, potted the black, and then proceeded to pot all of Castiel's balls for good measure.
," Castiel protested.
He still wasn't hungry, however, but he got up and tidied the sofa bed away – because he wasn't going to lie around all day like a slob no matter how ill he felt – and jumped in the shower. He shivered even under the hot spray, and hoped he wasn't coming down with a cold. It had been awful the last time he'd caught one.
"I do.  I've hardly slept all week."
"Dean?"
"Can we just...  Can we keep
Castiel slapped a hand over his eyes and shook his head.  "Go," he said.  "Put some clothes on.  Please."
"Hey, wait! Don't!" the man continued, as he got out of his car.
"Nah," Dean told him.  "They'll pass."
name, Sam."
Dean said nothing for a long moment, letting Ben's words sink in.
"Lie down on the bed."
don't want to have to come back here for at least— What the hell?" he asked, as Castiel suddenly dropped to the floor.
"You have a cobweb in your hair," Cas told him, brushing it out with a tissue.
"Two hundred.  A month."
"I was just trying to help," Dean told him.  "It didn't go well?"
"Bitch about what?" Sam interrupted as he re-entered the room, his towel wrapped firmly around his waist.
"Pleasant."
Dean smiled.  "Okay, so maybe I
* * *
Castiel smiled, and his shoulders shook.
When Cas ran a hand through his hair, Dean subconsciously leaned into the familiar touch.
"Nothing," Cas smiled.  It was becoming glaringly obvious to him that Bobby treated Dean as something of a son, and Dean viewed Bobby as a father-figure.  However, he doubted they would ever have a conversation about how much they meant to each other.
Dean's shoulders slumped.  "Put Sam on."
Dean just stared at him.
Balthazar looked like he wanted to say something, but he kept quiet.
"So look, uh, I've been out of the game for a while.  How about we go back out there and start over.  Maybe let me buy you a drink?"
"You can't really believe that—"
"Bees.  And the production of honey."
"What
"I don't understand that reference," Castiel said.  "But I appreciate that you wouldn't make a different choice, given the chance."
Dean acted like he was going to throw the ball forcefully back, but then laughed and gently tossed it over to him.  They threw it back and forth as Cas watched, sometimes having to swim after it when their aim was off.
"Sorry," Dean muttered.
Frowning, Cas followed her downstairs, where a cup of coffee was pressed into his hand.  "Ahh, that's better," he sighed happily, once he'd taken a sip.
like a fag," the man continued.
"Why isn't it enough that Cas has told you this?  Don't you believe him?"
round!" Dean exclaimed, glancing back again at Castiel, who looked horrifically uncomfortable in the middle of the room with Meg.
"Couldn't we just use Bobby's computer after work?"
"So, uh, what am I supposed to talk about?"
he did.  But then Cas had never been in love before, so what did he know?  It made him start to wonder what the hell Cas saw in him that was worth sticking around for.
Jo frowned at him, and shook her head pitifully.  "Mom wasn't 'second best' to Karen.  Just like Bobby wasn't second best to Dad.  Especially at their age, it's not about finding 'The One' - if there even
Sam was quiet as he mulled over what Cas had told him.
"Are you... alright?" he asked.
."  She punctuated the last word with a sharp poke to his chest.
"You've always been welcome to do that, Cas.  But you leave."
trying to psycho-analyse me!"
"Hey, Cas?"
It wasn't the first time he'd looked to see what other jobs were being advertised, though he hadn't looked for a few weeks.  As usual he was unqualified for most of them, but there was a part-time vacancy at the Gas-N-Sip.  He clicked on it and found it was three afternoons a week, but required the employee to be flexible.
"Nothing like that!" he snapped irritably.  Clearing his throat, he asked more gently, "What do you want for your birthday?"
Later that night, when he'd finished washing up after dinner and Cas was sitting in the garden, Dean found himself picking up the guitar.  He strummed the strings a few times, playing a few chords and adjusting a couple of tuning pegs until he was satisfied.  He continued to strum absently, until he found himself playing a recognisable tune.
"I... Well... Yes, I suppose. Though I hadn't thought of it
, more like.  Hey!" he protested with a laugh as Cas gave his shoulder a playful punch and slid off his lap.  "Where are you going?"
Castiel smiled tentatively, but it was only when Dean laughed that it became a fully-fledged grin.
The corner of his mouth raising up in a half-smirk, Dean put the hammer down.  Stepping closer to Cas, he grabbed the man's hips and pulled him into a hug.
Balthazar came round the following morning when Dean was at work, bringing Castiel's belongings and an apology.  Of sorts.
""He's still my father, Dean."
Castiel's head tilted in puzzlement.  "Why?"
?  And then... repress it?  Why would anyone do that?  How fucked up do you have to be to make up a sexual assault?!"
Impatient, he gave up trying to catch the eye of the blonde waitress flirting with another businessman flashing the cash.  Instead he carried his empty glass back through to the first room, ignoring the security guy's suspicious stare.  Once in the main room clients tended to stay there for some time, but now that Dean was out of the apartment he wasn't sure he was in the mood for much of anything.  Sex had always been a source of relief when he was stressed, and a pick-me-up when he was down, but sometimes it just made him feel worse.  He'd get drunk, he'd shack up, then he'd say adiós...
"I've been thinking about you, lately," she admitted.  "My father passed away, and it got me thinking about the things I regret."  She waited until he looked at her before continuing.  "I regret the way we ended," she revealed.  "I wish I hadn't walked out the way I did.  I came back the next day, but you'd gone."
A part of him had grown to believe that perhaps he could start over - that perhaps God had answered his prayers and granted him a second chance.  He'd grown so comfortable with Dean that the prospect of spending another night wherever he could find a place to lie down left him feeling lost and unprepared.
, a small part of him wished that he hadn't brought him along.
"Oh."
"Then when we get home we'll have a long, relaxing bubble bath together..."  He trailed off, clearly picturing his girlfriend.
"Yes."
Jo snorted. "Well as long as you don't marry Kanye West, we can still be friends," she laughed, causing Dean to glare at her.
have done stupid things - do you think
"Well, this
"See, this is why I hated going to see you," Dean told her, leaning back in his seat.
Behind her, Jo buried her face in a hand whilst shaking her head.
Castiel shook his head. "No."
"People are taking their clothes off."
Beyond his door a floorboard creaked.
"Maybe you should be," Balthazar teased, paying the bartender before taking a long sip of his colourful cocktail.
a date?
that he'll share your load, the way you've shared his."
He stole a slice of buttered toast from Castiel's plate, ignoring his '
"So it's a derogatory nickname?"
life?" Dean found himself asking, even though he knew she couldn't answer.
"No.  The only time I woke up was when you came through."
"Dean!" Castiel cried as he just stood there, not sure whether he should help or bury himself back in his pumpkin but feeling like something other than a kitchen mess was wrong.  He just didn't know what it was or what he could do.
"That was different, okay?"  He'd just lost Cas.  "It was supposed to just be us, and then there was this little miracle and—"
"With...
"Dude, stop with the air quotes."
"Has he told you what he's doing?"
Castiel frowned.  "But that's my name."
"I'm sure Ben would appreciate them, though."
"I hope so.  When he's ready.  He seems to be more comfortable opening up to you, now."
"The assholes who shut him in a cupboard under the stairs?" Dean finished for him, far less eloquently.
"What are you doing?"
Dean, taking Castiel's extended silence to mean he still wasn't convinced, tried again.  "Cas, the way I see it, as long as you're not hurting anyone, God shouldn't have a problem with whatever – or
Cas turned to Dean, who shrugged.
When they reached their apartment there was no space, so Dean let Cas out and parked further along the street.  He turned the engine off but, instead of getting out straight away, he sat there for a long moment.  He'd been humiliated tonight by his friends, and in front of his friends  Bending over, he reached down and retrieved the napkin from the footwell.  He smoothed it out over his knee and looked at the numbers written in black ink.  Going against his instincts, he leaned across the seat and stuffed it in the glove box.
Un-beta'd.
He shrugged modestly, but pride pooled in his gut.  "It's not much in the grand scheme of things, and it meant nothing to my family, but it meant everything to me."  Sadness flicked across his face.  "That's one of the reasons I chose my degree.  My father didn't like computers but understood that, whether he liked it or not, the world was changing.  Even our town was beginning to modernise."
"Dude, you haven't seen
Leaving them in the fridge, he started cleaning the kitchen before he cooked them.  He swept the floor and wiped down all the work surfaces, cleaned the sink, and took out the trash.  As far as he knew Cas hadn't taken his wallet with him, which meant that he had to come back for dinner - right?  Unless he'd gone to Balthazar's, or set up a tab at the Roadhouse.  Or had actually taken his wallet and Dean just didn't realise it.
Cas eased his boyfriend onto his back, glad that Dean was feeling secure enough in himself to once again sleep shirtless.  Running his hands across Dean's chest, he smiled and lowered his mouth to trail kisses down across his stomach, tongue darting briefly into his navel.  Cas's actions made Dean flinch and chuckle as he followed the trail of hair down to the waistband of his boxers.  He paused for a moment, vaguely remembering that he'd once wondered how low Dean's freckles went.
"And Dean is repaying Sam for a loan to fix up his car, so money's going to be tight as it is for a while."  His student loan would also come in helpful with household expenses.
"What?" Castiel asked, his attention being distracted from the movie.
Immediately Dean's laughter faded.  "I'm in the middle of this," Dean told him, jerking a thumb towards the car he was working on.
Dean opened and closed his mouth.
"He loved me. But then I disappointed him. Now he hates me. I... disgust him."
"Almost," she replied absently, still puzzling over her camera.
"I've got it sorted," Dean told him firmly.  "He just won't get it
"Okay," Castiel said, accepting it as the truth.  "I'll get plates.  Are they cooked?"
"Cas, I wish I could give you a decent answer but I'm
"Good.  I'm glad you liked them," Dean said.
A moment later a hand touched his shoulder lightly.
* * *
a kid - at least not the little kid he'd left behind.
"What does he say?" Castiel asked, slipping into the seat next to him.
"It's Dean, isn't it?" Balthazar guessed.
the plural of moose?"
He pulled a face.  "Must you be so crass?"
Dean stared at him.
father being a homophobic dick who turned on his kid and me being too weak to handle
"The fossils.  They're very interesting.  But unfortunately also very expensive."
"Yes.  Dean, are you alright?  Your eyes are red."
, Cas thought to himself, "
"Hey," Castiel said back.
"I love you," Cas told him softly.  "And I know that scares you."
- who's not around enough can leave you feeling like a part of you is missing."
"You said that already."
He held up three scratch cards.  "Who wants one?"
Dean took a sip of the soda, screwing his face up because the bottle had been open a week and the fizz was long gone.
"Is Cas okay?"
That was the exact same thing his father had done.  His father had got him his job when he thought he was spending too much time at college.  His father had tried to force him to spend less time away from home; away from him.  And now Dean was doing the exact same thing.  He lived with Dean.  He worked with Dean.  He socialised with Dean.
"The pleasure is in the climax," Castiel growled.
list."
But then Cas looked at him with a small smile and nodded, because he was sure that only Dean could turn a motivational speech into a sex talk.  "Thank you, Dean," he said, eyes closed as he tried to focus on the heat of Dean's palms through his shirt, because if it wasn't for Dean's hands on him he didn't think he'd be able to stand up.  Tonight was just too much, and he still couldn't think straight, and he was so cold he couldn't feel his skin.  It felt like Dean's hands were all that was stopping him from either falling down or floating away.
Dean chewed his lip.  He'd spent more than he'd meant to on the tree - he hadn't realised just how much prices had gone up the past few years - and if they weren't careful they could easily run out of money by the end of the month.  Except, despite Castiel's words, Dean could see just how much whatever he'd seen meant to him.  "Whatever it is, let's go buy it.  Unless it lights up and flashes.  Or sings," he added as an afterthought.
"You?" Dean asked, momentarily confused before he caught himself.  "I mean, yeah, of course you will."
With Sam it had always been easy – neither were really the talking type, so they just found a way to deal with whatever it was through actions rather than words. Even if those actions meant avoiding the problem altogether... But how did you ask someone you'd only just met what was so bad in their life that they felt they needed a way out? Maybe he'd ask Bobby. Maybe. At any rate, when he got back from work tonight he should probably say something to Cas. If he could figure out what.
"What are you doin'?!" Bobby cried.
An uneasy feeling spread through him as he thought about the turn the night before had taken.  After he'd left the strip club he'd driven out of town, past the bridge where he'd first met Cas, and up to the top of the hill where he'd parked up and just looked down at the urban lights.  It was an uncharacteristically quiet night, for him.
He stayed silent as Pamela finished writing.  Once she laid her pen down she sucked in a breath, as if preparing to speak, then closed her mouth again.  She pursed her lips and looked thoughtfully at a point above his head, pen tapping against the paper as she considered how best to get her point across.
was the reason Dean had left.  That he wasn't
The sound of retching answered him.
"...I never knew I had a dream
"Good.  How's yours?"
"Are you saying I suck?"
"Do you want to just get a takeout tonight?" Dean asked, shaking a hand through his wet hair as he came into the kitchen.
"Why'd I ever listen to Dean..." Bobby complained, his voice getting quieter as he walked away, leaving them to it.
Dean huffed a relieved laugh.  "Nice to know I'm still a gentleman after a few drinks!  Well,
Dean straightened in his seat.  It wasn't like he hadn't had that same thought himself.  "What?" he said, his tone low and deadly.
"It was more than that."
.  As Dean rose and pushed himself back down on his cock, Cas's eyes dropped to the softness of his stomach, and the little pudge that creased when he sat.  He ran a hand across it, a fond smile lighting up his face, as he followed the trail of dark hairs to grasp Dean's cock.
Dean spent most of the day bent over the engine, and was kept so busy that he didn't even have time to call home at lunch to check how Castiel was doing as he'd promised he would.
Castiel wished that if he pulled the plug right now, the water would carry him away. When he fell from the bridge he was scared, yes, and he fought to survive, but that was an instinctive reaction. He hadn't quite been prepared – Dean had turned up out of nowhere just as he'd been about to let go. But none of that meant that he didn't want to die anymore.
"Dean, I got two dollars."
it, though.  "Don't be," he told him, keeping his tone carefully controlled.  "I'm glad you can be honest with me, even if I don't like everything you say."
"You alright?" he asked, looking over at the other man's motionless form. "Castiel?" he asked. "Shit!"
"He's my brother, Jess."
"And I will," Cas told him.  "Once I've finished my breakfast."
Amendments have been made to chapters 23 and 58.
"Go back to bed, Cas."
for me."
"Exactly how many people did you
Footsteps came from the direction of their bedroom and Dean turned around.
you watching?"
Castiel's hands fidgeted in his lap and he avoided her gaze.  "Not good," he admitted, after a pause.
Cas shook his head slightly.  "No, no, I'm sorry.  I know you didn't."
?"  A slight flush crept onto Dean's cheeks and mild irritation prickled under his skin.
"What?"
Castiel shook his head. "It's okay. I think you're right."
"I tell her the truth."
Castiel cleared his throat and turned his attention to Charlie.  "Are we ready?"
Castiel smiled. "I think you underestimate yourself, Dean. You seem to 'get' me very well."
"Yeah, I think it's Bobby's turn!" Benny exclaimed.  "Make mine a double this time," he winked.
Dean barked a laugh.  "You know, for someone who had a very sheltered upbringing, you're pretty socially aware."
, he'd find humour in the familiar expression of panic that crossed his face, reminiscent of their introduction to Chastity.  But then, it wasn't like Ellen
"Yeah, some are from
"Stick," Cas replied.  "Unless you want pork?"
Dean opened and closed his mouth, wondering if Castiel would lose his virginity when he bottomed, or—  He swallowed.  —topped.  Or maybe it didn't matter?
"I sure did."
"Please don't interrupt me, Dean."
"Sorry.  T-M-I."
"Shh," Cas whispered, hands already trailing up over his freckled skin again, fingers curling around the strong muscles of his shoulders.
"He thought it was," Cas said.  He really didn't like lying to Bobby like this.
"I don't want to fight with you, either."
Jo sighed loudly and flounced off to gather up the empties around the room.
Castiel stared at him.  "I just did."
* * *
on!" Dean declared, wiping potato off his face and flinging it back at Cas.
"You don't crave something better than this?"
getting stuck in his throat.
"What?"
"No, dummy!  I'm your friend."
"I mean, how many movies have you guys sat and watched this week?"
Cas looked horrified.  "You don't need that much meat in one meal."
"It's not.  But somewhere along the line I seem to have turned into your relationship counsellor," she smiled.
"Wo—" Dean turned back around to look at him.  "
"Thank you, Cas."
"Would you, Cas?"
Dean scowled at the menu.  There was a whole sub-section of 'light snacks' dedicated to baked potatoes with a variety of fillings, which he suddenly found very interesting.
"Umm," Cas said, clicking the mouse and looking at the computer screen.  "Category C."
"Cas?"  Dean looked at his watch when he saw him approach, thinking he'd lost track of time and forgotten to pick him up.  But it was only just time for lunch.  "You're early."
"Cas doesn't want me here," Ben told him angrily.  "He skipped out on us this morning, he didn't want to come swimming with us, and he doesn't
"Well, I don’t particularly care either way, so long as you keep it professional at work.  I can't have the two of you groping in the office.  What if a customer had walked in instead of me?"
"No...  No, it's fine.  I'm gonna go shower," he said, shoving his untouched coffee into Castiel's hands and leaving the room.
"Wakey, wakey, rise and shine!"
Lifting his feet up onto the sofa, Cas snuggled into him as Dean stroked a reassuring hand up and down his back.
taking your money!"
"Dean, I—"  Jack's eyes glazed over for a second as his attention seemed to be focused elsewhere.  "She really does have a soft spot for you Dean," Jack told him before disappearing in a burst of divine light.
Cas could insist until he was blue in the face that he'd stay as long as Dean tried, but Dean was sure he was getting impatient with his lack of progress.  He'd only seen Pamela a few times, but even
have never mixed well in the past.
; because
"Something about him 'being objectified'?" she replied.  "Personally I think he's being a bit overdramatic.  I mean, it's not like we're asking him to pose in the nude or anything."
"Your age.  You're not a young twenty-something any more."
"Shit.  What happened?"
on the newsstand longingly as he stood at the checkout.
"If I'd let you carry on the way you were going I'd have felt guilty about using you as slave labour!" Dean told him jokingly. "It'll make a change from burgers, anyway – it's about the only goddamn thing I
Dean drove around the parking lot three times as he waited for a woman to finish loading her bags into the trunk. It was right on the end, and far away from the shop door, so there was less chance of his baby being knocked about by idiot drivers.
"Can I get another beer, please, Jo?" he asked, already reaching for his wallet and thrusting some crumpled ones at her.
"What, like Cas didn't tell you?"  He figured that was why Cas had asked him to apologise during
"Yes, mom," she said, miming zipping her mouth closed as she followed her mother back over to the bar.
Dean left the room, reappearing a moment later with a rather large present, compared with the ones Cas had given him.  It was simply – if untidily – wrapped, and he held it out to Castiel.
Cas could feel a renewed confidence growing within him at the warmth in his boss's eyes.
watching
"What does this have to do with my father?"
And they were - one from Lisa and Ben, and another from Sam and Jess.
"I'm glad you did."
fault me and Lisa broke up," Dean whispered.
When the man did, Dean punched him straight in the face.
"  Castiel's father had said those exact words to him when he'd proclaimed that he couldn't force himself to want a female partner, and he replied the same way now as he did then; "How do you know?"
go out and buy clothes for him if he refused, he knew that much.
"Here, stick that up before you go," he said, holding out a hand to him.
Arriving back at the apartment after having waved goodbye to Ben and Lisa at the airport, Dean had barely closed the door when Cas was in his arms, kissing him eagerly.  He trailed kisses from his lips along his jaw, before burying his face in his neck.  "I love you.  And I love Ben.  And
Holding his burger more firmly as he took another bite, Dean subtly moved his leg so his foot rested against Castiel's.  He deliberately didn't look at Cas - the picture of innocence in Ben's eyes - but a second later, Cas's foot moved to rub against his ankle.
When he reached the bright fluorescent sanctuary of the toilet, he felt foolish. What was wrong with him? There was no reason for him to be acting like this.  He ran cold water in the sink and washed his hands in the cold water far more thoroughly than was necessary.  Once the last of the soap had swirled down the drain he cupped his hands under the tap and splashed his face.
"Why wouldn't I be?" Castiel asked, not waiting for an answer as he stepped out of the car.
"Sure thing.  Will I just charge you the same and call the extra my tip?"
"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that."
"You aren't being very successful," he observed.  He couldn't believe that Dean so easily agreed to help wrap the presents for the children's party.
Cas turned to look at him.  "Oh," he said warily.
"Okay."
"How are you, Dean?" Pamela asked with a welcoming smile as he stepped into the room.
Castiel fell silent, the wheels in his head turning as he finished his meal.  After they'd washed up, Dean went to the bathroom.  As soon as Castiel heard the shower run, he picked up the telephone and dialled.  He knew that Dean wouldn't be happy with what he was about to do, but he told himself it was for the greater good.  It rang several times, before it was answered with a weary sigh.
.  He grabbed Castiel's arm as soon as he arrived and dragged him into the garage.
Dean skipped through the channels but nothing caught his eye, so he passed the remote to Cas who settled for a nature documentary about meerkats.  It wasn't long before Dean ventured back to the kitchen for a second beer, however, not even halfway through his pizza.  By the time he was finished he was on his third.  When Castiel took the empty pizza boxes away and Dean asked him to bring back what would be his fourth, Castiel spoke up.
"What about that pie?" Dean asked after they were done.
"I do," Cas smiled, trailing a finger down Dean's face.  "With all my grace."
Dean almost looked disappointed that there were no other duties for Castiel to rope him into helping with.
"You have a home, okay?" Dean murmured in his ear.
calling him Chuck," Cas pouted, but if he didn't come up with another suggestion soon he had a feeling it was going to stick.
A tear trickled slowly down Dean's cheek, and it seemed to draw Cas closer to him.  As it fell onto Dean's shirt, Cas dropped onto the sofa beside him.  Reaching out, he pulled Dean close.
Dean looked so genuinely horrified that Cas couldn't help but laugh.
"Cas," Dean whispered softly.  "Come here."
"It's nice up here," Castiel commented.
detail, so... yeah."
"You have every right to be angry.  I took advantage of you, and Charlie told me I broke your heart."
Cas stood in the office doorway, dripping onto the welcome mat, as Charlie collapsed into giggles behind him.
Castiel's fingers lingered over Dean's as he took the offered mug.  Cradling it in both hands, he took a sip.  As he placed it on the desk, he made sure to position his hands so they came into contact with Dean's thigh.
"I'm sorry," Castiel interrupted him hurriedly. "I didn't mean to upset you."
He was aware of Cas shouting at him as he barged outside to where the air wouldn't crowd him.  "Dean!  Dean, wait!"
Dean scanned the board behind the cashier.  "Then ring up a two litre Coke as well."
Even Alica was giving them her full attention, now.
"No!" Dean hastened to assure him.  He rubbed a hand across the back of his neck.  "I was sort of hoping you'd stay."
', please?"
Cas smirked.  "I recorded it."
"Good! Now get out of here!"
"Thank you.  I knew you didn't mean it, but that doesn't mean it didn't hurt.  That it doesn't
"Of course, your family's the religious type. Sorry, I didn't even think."
"Who else is coming tonight?" Castiel asked a moment later, once the room had quietened down.
"Just this stray cat Cas picked up."
Placing a hand on Dean's shoulder, and forcing himself to bury his own nervousness that had started on the drive to the airport, Cas said, "
"Why do you no longer feel angry with Dean?"
"It looks like you won't be getting eaten today," Dean joked.
He hadn't thought the woman's smile could get any wider.
Cas smiled at the humor, but didn't read the message inside.  It was none of his business.  The coffee machine had finished so he poured Dean a mug of coffee and put it down in front of him, but Dean was too engrossed in Ben's words to notice.  He took the card through to the living room and displayed it next to the TV.
"I know how alone that can make you feel."
"But what?"
"Benny's apartment doesn't allow pets, and Tracey has allergies."
"When you talked about me sleeping with other people," Cas started, taking a shaky breath before continuing, "was it because you want to sleep with women?"
"I thought you said we could watch that later?" Cas pointed out, wincing as he pulled Dean closer, one hand resting on his hip and the other brushing through Dean's hair.
"Of course it i!" Dean laughed.
They waited for him by the entrance to the monkey trail, reading about the different monkeys they would see, as they waited for Dean to catch up with them.
"And I thought I left homework behind after I graduated," Dean quipped.  "Alright, get out and I'll park up properly."
Castiel fell into a thoughtful silence.
"Thank you," Cas smiled.  He sat up a little straighter in his seat and said, almost proudly, "Dean, this is Balthazar."
"Not ready," Cas finished for him.  "It's okay."  Dean looked unconvinced, as Cas stroked his arm and wondered if there was some kind of compromise they could come to.  "Use your hands on me, Dean?" he asked a moment later.  When Dean looked at him, he asked, "Touch me."  It was something he'd been fantasising about for so long...  "Just touch me."
, either."
Castiel periodically looked over at the other two; Ben engrossed in the film, and Dean switching his attention between the movie and the boy.  Neither paid him that much attention, which he could understand and was quietly grateful for.  It allowed him to watch Dean without fear that Ben might notice.
can we go?"
* * *
Dean licked his lips, wondering what
"But you
melted a spatula the other day!" Cas laughed.  "But how about you make us pancakes for lunch?  That way it gives the batter a chance to rest."
Dean's eyelids flutter closed.
As he relaxed once again in the hot water, he cast his eyes upwards.  It had been months since he'd first lain there, weakened and bruised.  He'd never asked Dean why there were tiles on the ceiling, he realised, but decided that it didn't seem like a decision Dean would have made.  His eyes wandered over to the toilet, from where Dean had sat and watched him.  He'd been so lost, then; convinced there was a place reserved for him in Hell.
Castiel stared at him for a long moment, before Dean realised how much his words must have hurt him.
Cas smirked and pushed him back down to the floor.  "It's still too early to think about getting lunch and going to work," he said, kissing Dean again.  "And the laundry can wait another day."
get out of the room?" Dean asked.
"Come sit here," Cas said, moving the covers back.
"Listen to me, Singer," she said, and Cas recognised her mom voice from her run-in with Dean several months ago.  "This crap started with graffiti.  Now it's damaged property.  A garage on the west side had over a thousand dollars worth of tools stolen last week.  This shit is escalating and my guys are working on it, but we've got fuck all to go on.  I want to nail their asses to the wall, but I need
using cold water unless he kept his dirty chat-up lines to himself.
"What?"
"Because you're looking to get your own place," Dean finished for him, clenching his jaw.
"You realise that's going to get wet?"
"Can we go bowling again sometime?"
"You don't seem fucked-up to me."
"Yes.  Sorry, I'm coming."
There was a minor scuffle on the other end and the rustling of bed sheets.
* * *
"I need to get some air," Cas told him, grabbing his jacket.  "Please don't follow me, I can't…  I don't want be around you just now."
"Shut up, bitch," Dean said, thankful that he was having this conversation in private because he could feel his cheeks warming slightly.
Dean looked cagey.  "And a few favourites."
Cas shot him a smug look in the mirror.  "I know I am."
Dean leaned against the doorframe and grinned.  "Hey."  He massaged his temples with his fingers.  "I've got a killer headache.  Not the worst hangover I've had, though."  He paused.  "We didn't, uh..."
"Good."
donation entry, so I'm pretty sure we could scrape together something like five bucks a piece."
Dean blinked, and he was back in the kitchen.  Cas was shaking his arm, desperately trying to jostle him from his thoughts.
Castiel looked at him, with eyes slightly narrowed and his head tilted to the side in confusion.
But the guy was completely unfazed and unwrapped the cloth around his hand, revealing a very gruesome cut.
"Mistakes?" Pamela echoed.
of that—"
As Castiel reached for his wallet Dean brushed him aside, silently handing over his card.
"Dean?"
He scrambled onto his knees and rolled Castiel over onto his back to begin a cycle of compressions.
"Let me see?" Dean asked, letting out a low whistle when he saw the three '$40.00's on the card.  "Nice one."
"Worth the flirting?"
"I know.  The vet said—"
"Wow, Cas. Did the house elves drop by?" he laughed as he grabbed a beer from the fridge.
Dean picked up his fork and broke off a small piece, placing it in his mouth in a way more careful than Cas had ever seen him eat before.  He closed his eyes as he chewed, letting the flavour transport him back to his childhood.
"I don't need you to walk me to my car," she said, her sharp gaze enough to stop him in his tracks.  But she smiled as she settled into the driver's seat with a, "See you around."
Dean's mouth went dry as a chill ran up his spine.
"No," Dean said, stuffing another couple of chips in his mouth. "But we'll need to remember to do that if we ever come back," he said as he chewed. "I swear, they do the best chips."
"But why should that scare you? You don't know me."
, then."
love, but he and Ben hadn't exactly gotten off to the best start and he wanted to assure him he cared.  "What do you think?" he asked when Dean said nothing.
"Exactly!"
"Cas is sick," he told Bobby when he got into work the next day.
"Disappointed," he answered, voice cracking a little.
"But if I can't figure out why it is I can't..."  Dean licked his lips.  "You're going to go again."
inside and I don't think I can stay with you any more," he said in a rush, dropping his hands to his side and turning away.
"But it would be better with someone else involved, yes?"
Dean chuckled despite himself.
"Tease."
Dean wasn't sure how it happened, but they found themselves watching
-boyfriend."
He felt naked under Castiel's analytical gaze.  "They don't have to know about
"Strike!" he exclaimed, fists raised triumphantly.
She whacked his arm.  "I mean
"  Finally Dean paid attention to him, but now frustration had crept into his tone.
"Where else are you going to go?" he asked without thinking.
it would hurt Cas. It happened because you weren't in the right state of mind to talk yourself out of it."
"Surprise!" several voices shouted in unison as they walked through the doors of the Roadhouse.
"A write-off.  It's getting sent to auction," Castiel told him glumly.
"Think."
Dean looked guilty.  "Look, Cas, I know we're moving at two different speeds here—"
"I just need a minute," Cas said, pouring himself a glass of ice water from the jug on the table.
"I'm sorry," Cas called after him, almost immediately.  "Ben, I'm sorry!"  He shot a helpless look at Dean, who couldn't meet his eyes.
Cas smiled.  "Good," he echoed.
"I received a letter today confirming my application for a student loan," he told Pamela once he was invited in.  "It was successful."
Castiel lay back and closed his eyes, allowing himself to get lost in the sensation of Dean's caress.  "So much, Dean.  I want you
Dean got the feeling he was fighting a losing battle.  "Okay, fine.  But we'll do work it out by ratio of income."  He frowned in confusion when Castiel started chuckling.  "What?"
your brother, after all."
"I did.  And I
* * *
Benny looked confused.  "What did I say?"
, Cas!" he complained with a grin.  Cas could be such an ass, sometimes.
"Thanks," Dean said, digging in his pocket for his wallet.
"There you go," she told him, once he was settled.  "Do you want anything to eat?"
He didn't realise Balthazar had followed him outside until his friend asked, "Are you okay?"
have this.
As Ben turned his attention to his DS again, Dean met Castiel's watchful gaze.  The other man smiled at him, and warmth blossomed in his chest.  In that moment, everything was perfect.
money, and I
Dean mock-saluted him.  "Yes, sir!"
"So? Are you gonna help me out or not? It's not like you'll miss a few hundred bucks."
"And I'm trying to extend an olive branch!  I want to talk about last night with
"What if we...
Dean was positively glowing at Santa's words of praise.  Thighs already complaining, unused to this position, Dean rode Santa's cock desperately as if afraid he'd change his mind.
"I've let others lead my life for far too long."
Dean smirked down at the top of Castiel's head.  "Are you asking me if you were bad?"
"This is what's wrong with this country."
He looked again at the flowers he'd bought.  They were yellow things, and he stared at the other ones that came in varying shades of pinks and purples, oranges and reds.  He almost picked up a red bunch, but at the last second noticed an orange bunch that had yellow accents on the petals.  They'd go a bit better with yellow, right?  Or would that be too much yellow?  Did Cas even
"I don't want to talk about it."
about them.
She frowned.  "Why not?"
, like his conscious passing judgement on what a shit excuse he was for being the closest thing Ben had to a father figure.
"Did you have a good flight, though?" he cut in as they crossed the parking lot.
A negative-sounding groan answered him.
.  If you had been sober that night, you wouldn't have kissed her because, rationally, you
hacked them up.  She was acquitted, and spent the rest of her days in Fall Rivers hounded and persecuted by the townspeople."
"It's okay," Dean assured him in a shaky voice, despite the fact his hands were sweating and just itching to take over.  As the oncoming traffic stopped and honked, he carefully instructed Cas.  "Just start it again and move on.  They don't have any patience."
"Then
"Look, I...  You don't earn anything like I do, and what I make it just enough to get by.  You should keep it for something you really need."
computer," Bobby told him.  "'S practically yours."
"I don't know, dude, I mean she's like a sister to me.  I don't like her like that at
"Goodbye, Dean. Unless there was something else you wanted?" Sam almost sounded hopeful.
lucky."
"Santa has the flu."
Once inside, Castiel moved on automatic.  They were running low on groceries so dinner would be something simple - poached eggs on toast, he decided upon seeing the contents of the cupboards.
Dean put the bedside light out, plunging the room into darkness.  "Shut up."
"I know what you
"Well if there's no point in me being here, maybe I should just go, then," Dean cut in.
"Dean, is this even a real friend?"
"I think I need to go home," Castiel whined.
Dean gritted his teeth.
"What's the matter," Dean asked without thinking, "have you forgotten how your mom and I used to kiss all the time?"  Immediately he realised how that must sound to Cas.  "I mean...  Uh..."  He trailed off, shaking his head at Cas in silent apology.
if I want to go out?" Balthazar exclaimed, his laughter sounding tinny over the bad connection.
"And Jess?"
"Later, Cas," Dean murmured in his ear.  "Let's go home."
* * *
"It is.  But I'm not sure I want memories of my mother overlapping with you giving me a blowjob."
"Brr," Cas shivered unconvincingly.
"It's a pretty one-sided block," Dean muttered self-consciously.
me to stop you, Cas. Even if you just don't know it yet."
But it was worth it when Sam grinned at him. "Just give me a minute."
Dean tried and failed to stifle the involuntary groan that escaped his lips, aware that Castiel was still staring at him. Instead he covered it by clearing his throat. "Chastity?" he repeated. "Wow! That's a
Images of Castiel in the alley with his trousers around his ankles flashed through Dean's mind and he closed his eyes as he tried to shake that image from his head.  He blinked back tears as he told himself that nothing like
"You're my friend.  My only friend, which I guess makes you my
Dean hoped he wouldn't be too much longer than he'd estimated.  He could tell that Cas had been upset at him for working late
"Yeah, I know.  But not right away, and she's not
for him.  Maybe crawling back to him, begging for a second chance, had been a mistake.  Maybe Cas would better off if he had stayed away.
One of the nurses turned to Dean, who had been following the gurney the paramedics had wheeled Bobby in on.  "Sorry.  You need to stay out of their way.  We need to get him stable."
Dean ignored him as he bit into his burger.  "Mmm," he moaned in satisfaction as he chewed, meat juices dribbling out of the bun and down his jaw.  He wiped them away with a drag of his sleeve.
Dean nodded and spoke to his drink.  "I'm with Jo.  Screw 'It's better to have loved and lost'."
"You'd have what, Cas?  Held my hand and told me everything was gonna be okay?"
"A little.  I wanted to know what to expect."
The front door slammed shut and Castiel sighed.  Whether it was because Dean's nightmares had disturbed his sleep or he had something on his mind, Dean wasn't behaving like his usual self.
Pam nodded, half-filling both their glasses.  "In general, or..?"
Cas smiled.  "Then it was nice of
"All the same..."  Castiel hurried back into the office, carrying their trash back with him.
With a smile, the man wrapped his hand up again.  "What about you?"
"I'm not mad at you for drinking," Castiel said over his shoulder, attention on the potatoes he was peeling and slicing.
"Because you've waited for him so long I'm surprised your balls haven't shrivelled up and dropped off."
Then he exhaled harshly.  That had been the easy part.  Now he didn't know what to write.  Raising the pen to his mouth, he chewed on the end as he considered what the hell he was doing.  This kind of self-reflection was exactly why he hadn't wanted to go and see Pamela - and why he didn't want to go back.  She'd offered him a deal - discounted sessions at the church rate, as a favour to Cas - but, given he'd have to pay them out of his own pocket as he wasn't a member of the congregation, he still couldn't afford to continue even if he wanted to.
Oh, you gave me wings..."
"Yes."
But he wasn't ready to admit out loud things he was reluctant to acknowledge to himself.  The truth was, he
"Really?" she asked.  "Drinking?
"I didn't tell anyone," he said, which obviously didn't make it any better from the look of her glare.  "Celebrating birthdays wasn't something my family did."
about it, but then I assumed that you wouldn't want me to make a big deal out of because you didn't seem that keen on the idea."
Castiel could see Dean putting his guard up again in the way his gaze turned cold, and he moved his hand up to the short hairs on the back of his neck.  "You don't have to pretend with me, Dean.  You saved me, in more ways than one.  I won't judge you – not for anything."
"It seems like such a waste."
"Cas, are you
Castiel sighed, stroking a hand up and down Dean's thigh as he dug in the bag for a sweet.  "It's not a raffle," he chuckled at the look of concentration on Dean's face.
Andy whistled as Jody drove away.  "Damn."
Dragging his hands across his face, he groaned.  He'd never been into guys, so shouldn't he have been repulsed by it?  Given the choice he'd kiss a woman, but if someone offered him a million bucks to kiss a dude he wouldn't say
"Drink this."
"Sam," Dean replied honestly.  There was no need to lie about it.  But then, Cas didn't need to know all the
"I'm glad to hear it," Cas smiled.  "As do I, just so you are aware.  But you were rather shocked when you realised you had never counted your own toes before."
"I don't think so," Cas admitted.
He didn't realise he'd decided where he was going until he pulled up outside the strip club he'd taken Cas to.
"Don't forget his face!" Andy shouted out gleefully.
"That I like men?" Cas asked, awake now.
"Says the man who had three!"
Cas who'd spent fifteen minutes chasing a bee around the apartment the day before, just so that he could be sure it got out safely.  He wondered how the hell Cas had put up with being beaten without ever fighting back.  "Cas?" he said softly.  "Why didn't you move out – you know, get away from your dad?"
When Castiel turned to Dean, mouth already forming a
"I pour my heart and soul out to you, you tell me how fucked up I am, then tell me how to make it better?"
of my teachers have ever said I had 'potential'," Dean said, turning back to the letter.  "Lisa's also asking if we could send her copies of some of the photographs we took when he was here."
"He may have grown up, but he won't have changed beyond recognition," Cas assured him.  "Even if he is different to what you remember, the little boy you helped to raise will still be in there somewhere."
But after two hours of staring, bleary-eyed, at page after page of numbers Castiel was beginning to wish he'd never gotten out of bed.
Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean's shoulders and rested his chin on his shoulder.  "You miss him," he observed.
"Here, I hope," Dean said, straddling Cas' lap and leaning in to kiss him. His breath hitched as he felt Cas' hands land on his waist, sliding lower.  He waited for the fear, the panic, anything - but there was only Cas watching his face with restrained longing.  "I'm good," Dean assured him with a grin. "This is good."
After the elevator dinged and the doors slid open, Dean practically dragged Cas towards his apartment. He tried to prop his drunken friend up against the wall so he could unlock his door but Cas made a noise of protest and wrapped his arms around his neck, pressing up against him.
Castiel stood there for several minutes, trying to force himself to relax.  Deep breaths – in through his nose; out through his mouth.  He trembled slightly as Dean's voice yelled at him, over and over in his mind.
"What exactly are you sorry for, boy?"
"Why?"
"Shush," he instructed firmly.
Cas pulled them off the bed in one swift movement.
"Thank you," Cas groaned.
"We like this one, but it's too expensive for our budget.  Have you got anything similar?"
for you!  We all did."
to do it, because you can feel the improvement in yourself.  Or at least, that's the way it is for me."
he had to offer.
Some of the tension left Dean's body when her hand rested on his shoulder.
Cas peered at the carpet.  "To leave clothes lying on?" he asked cheekily.
"What, why would you..."  He trailed off with a chuckle as Castiel's fingers danced across his ribs.  "No, don't!  Cas!
Dean stared up at him.  "When did you get so bossy?"
"I'll be fine," he said, not really answering the question.
"What do you think I'm going to do? Throw myself from the car just because you're singing a song?"
belongings, you can't hold them hostage just because you disagree with my life choices!  ...  Ugh!"
But Chuck sensed freedom, squeezed out, and leapt out and into the back seat.
waiting for.
"Give me that," Dean said, taking it from him.  "Make yourself useful, Andy!  Take this away and don't come back."
cut the vegetables with a butter knife," he complained, showing more of his irritation than he would have liked.
"Hey!"  Dean pouted as he pretended to take offence.
"Yeah - the same old stuff we always do.  Drink at The Roadhouse.  See a movie if we can afford it."
been stuffing his face.  The boy seemed more withdrawn than before, and he wasn't sure if that was an age thing or a distance thing.  He tried to remember what
"DEAN WINCHESTER!"
"In the toilet."
"'There'?" Cas echoed.
want, because I know how I
position.  An irritated thought crossed his mind - that Dean
"I won't."
.  You're coiled tighter than a spring, darling," Balthazar observed, placing a hand on Cas's shoulder.
"C'mere."
of them?"
Dean shrugged.  "I never claimed to be perfect."
Castiel looked from Dean back to the churning water below.  Dean's concern was just another reason to love him, and it
"You're an idiot."
"I got nothing against...you know... people like you."
having the choice in
was the right word for what he was feeling.  Frustrated, perhaps?  And a little angry, if he was being honest, even if he was sympathetic to Dean's internal struggle.
"And I'll be sure to keep up my swimming lessons with Dean, then maybe next time I can venture out of the shallow end."
Dean laughed.
"Do you want a bag to carry it in?" she asked.
"Sorry.  But it did stop you from falling into a guilty mood."
"I don't know."
Castiel gave him a small, pleased smile. "I try."
"That's something special; something worth hanging onto."
"Dean.  You don't have to follow him around like a lost dog.  Get out there, make some friends."
"I'm sorry.  I couldn't help but hear - the window's open."
"Then talk to me," she urged him.  "The sooner you open up about your problems, the sooner we can talk through them and help you find solutions to them.  Then, maybe, you won't need to come back."
"The doctor is in, Dean."  He leaned over the bar, resting his chin on his hand, and put on his best psychiatrist voice.  "Are you having difficulty getting it up?"
Immediately Cas released him, as suddenly as if he'd been burned.
"Yes, there's plenty—"  Cas caught Dean's wicked grin.  "You are
"Ignore him, Dean," Ellen told him.  "I thought I could see something between you two, but I wasn't sure it was going to come to anything.  I'm glad I was wrong.  We're really happy for you both.  All of us."
"He made himself pretty clear when he left.  Didn't even bother to say goodbye."
, and I do a lot of freelance programming and ethical hacking on occasion so I don't get bored."
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry," Castiel said, only to be shushed by someone two rows in front of them.  He crouched down and tried to sweep the popcorn back into the container.  "I'm so sorry."
when I'm with him, but I can't be happy with him.  I'm always screwing him around.  I don't
"Yes that sounds exactly like me," Castiel shot back, deadpan.
," she told Dean.  She pressed down on the mattress for emphasis, purposefully giving Dean a good view of her cleavage.  "Personally I like one that's
* * *
"I recommend you try what takes your fancy."
"Nowhere." Dean gave her his most charming grin. "Why would I go anywhere else?"
"Cas?"
breakfast," Cas told him.  He frowned.  "Why are we whispering?"
Dean nodded to himself.
"Enchiladas should be
would step in and come to his rescue.  But fuck, Dean's wasn't his knight in shining armour!  Hell, he was probably the villain in the story, given his actions with Jo the previous night.  A meaningless kiss that risked everything he was trying to make work - and he really
"Is that a veiled dig at me?"
Castiel sniffed.  He could smell oil and gas and... fat.  Greasy fat.  "Where are we?" he asked, peeking out of one eye.  At least the sun was out, now.
"Thank you."
"I was afraid I'd missed you," Cas said, coming up behind Charlie.  When she didn't turn around or acknowledge him, he tapped her on the shoulder.
"My name's Dean, I'm a friend of—"
"Oh."  He took a long sip of his drink.  "I'm happy, Dean."  When Dean looked confused, he elaborated, "You said you just wanted me to be happy.  I am."
"Says the man who talks to his
* * *
He hadn't kissed him back - or had he?  Dean tried to replay the moment in his mind wondering if he'd reciprocated the kiss, but it was like hitting pause on an old video - time froze, but he couldn't get a clear enough picture.
.  He held the door open for Meg, who looked at him in surprise.
* * *
"Look, I'm sorry.  Cas just wanted to do something nice and I didn't see the harm in it.  I was just glad they were getting along."
Before she even got a chance to respond, Dean nudged his glass, accidentally sending it toppling over on the counter.  "Top me up?"
"My apologies," Cas murmured, trying to ignore the tightening in his chest as he stepped away.
"I'm not an alcoholic, Cas," Dean said, keeping his eyes on the road and away from Castiel's patient gaze.  "Not like my dad.  I don't
He stared at her, confused.  "It has?"
Castiel froze as Dean stepped behind him.
"You know what my Christmas wish is?" Dean asked, leaning in closer.
Dean's breathing grew more steady as they lay there in silence, and he was hovering on the edge of sleep when Cas spoke again.
He'd slumped in his sleep and pain shot through his shoulder as he straightened up.
movie about a gingerbread man going on a killing spree shouldn't be so tempting.  But the unspoken suggestion absolutely
"Yeah," Samandriel agreed.  "Shame they're inconsistent in quality.
"Dean," Benny called out, interrupting Jody as he strode over and looked him up and down.  "The sheriff told us what happened - how're you doing, brother?"
Six years and six days ago, I posted Chapter 1 on this website. I posted it elsewhere several months before that, and started writing it a couple of months before that. It'll turn 7 years old in a couple of months and I'm
He knew what this was.
Dean's eyes went wide.
"As you leave here today, think upon what you've heard today and remember:  'No temptation has overtaken you except what is common to mankind.  And God is faithful; he will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear.  But when you are tempted, he will also provide a way out so that you can endure it.'  Take care, and I'll see you next week."
"You're going to take some time off and take care of that boy."
In the kitchen Dean was pacing, waiting for Sam to pick up the phone. He hoped Jess wouldn't answer, because he really, really wasn't up for another fight about what a shit brother he was, and how Sam deserved better, and how he should be more grateful whenever Sam had to bail him out of yet another one of his messes.
Later that afternoon Dean was lying on his back underneath a silver Audi and wondering why he couldn't seem to get Castiel out of his head. The past few years he'd pretty much just kept himself to himself, so why he had suddenly offered his couch to some random guy who had more problems bottled up inside him than even he himself did he had no idea. Dean had always looked out for Sam when they were growing up – it's not like he raised him, for their dad was always around in varying states of inebriation – but he had certainly taken care of him. If he was being honest ever since things had become difficult between him and Sam he'd just kind of let life pass him by. Maybe he just missed having someone to look after, which was just freaking selfish given the way he'd almost fucked everything up with him. His sighed. Castiel wasn't his responsibility.
Balthazar sighed.  "You know what I'm going to say."
Longing and hope swelled up in Dean's chest.  "Nah."  He dismissed her observation, though the thought had crossed his mind more than once.
saw."
Castiel sighed fondly.  "I forgot you haven't built up to this like I have.  Why don't we head back now?"
"No," he said, turning round and staring at the front of Cas's t-shirt.  It was stupid, but he felt like Cas would
"Well, you'd have to give up sex, first," Castiel said, and his hand flew up to his mouth to stifle his chuckle.
"Dean!"
"I thought you might like it," Dean told him, a little smugly.
Dean resumed his commentary of the shells they came across, more often than not just repeating names until Castiel joined in and it became a race to see who could name the shells first.
job.  And if I
Cas looked at Dean.  "We should probably head home soon and check on Chuck."
Cas straightened, determined not to show how much the man's words cut into him.  Beside him, Dean's heart clenched.  This was exactly what Bobby hadn't wanted - the
Castiel ducked his gaze to his half-eaten burger. "If you wanted, you could make and eat burgers every day. When I was sleeping in shop doorways and side alleys, I didn't know if I was even going to scrape enough change together for a cup of coffee to keep me warm the next day, let alone a bite to eat."
"I didn't think cats were supposed to like belly rubs?" Cas chuckled.  As he raised a hand to stroke him, he sighed and acknowledged, "It's not like I was getting much done, anyway."
* * *
"That
"What if you hadn't had sex the night you found me on the bridge?  What if you hadn't gotten drunk and you'd driven home the night you found me in the park?"
Dean shoved his hands in his pockets, trying to work out how much loose change he had.  "Oh, uh, I don't really—  Yeah, okay, maybe you're right," he said, hastily changing his mind as he met her forceful glare.
"What?"
me anything."
"You get two shots," Castiel finished unhappily.
"Job title?" Sam echoed, amused.
, but I don't love him."  He paused.  "I can't, because I still love you."
He sucked in a breath as Dean moved to stand behind him.  He could feel the warmth radiating off him, and Dean was both too close and not close enough.
"And it's good that you can see both sides," she agreed, "but can you remember what we discussed when you told me about your father?"
"Because I can go alone if you need more time alone."
"I need this, okay?"
"Those who do, snore the most," Cas added pointedly, keeping a careful eye on the saleswoman.
"Thanks, but I'm late," he said hollowly.  "I'll just grab a coffee then I'll be off."
, to do it.  "I'm gay," he said, clenching his teeth together as his bottom jaw trembled slightly.  Would he ever be able to tell someone without feeling afraid?
"Well.  Thanks."
"Do you... ah... remember
"Uh, it's not," Dean told him, trying to ignore the fact the other man was wearing a dressing gown.
"To come to terms with me.  You might have changed your mind and decided that you weren't really okay with sharing your apartment with me."
They took their plates to the living room, sitting beside each other on the sofa.  Castiel was halfway through his slice, suddenly hungry despite feeling full not that long ago, when he noticed that Dean hadn't touched his.  He was simply staring at it.
riding
haven't seen any of
"What's your favourite kind of fish, Dean?" Castiel asked, once they'd looked in all the tanks in the room.
He walked out the door and started making his way slowly down the stairs, hoping that his gamble would pay off.  Before he'd reached the second floor Cas was shouting at him to wait.  He heard the sound of the door being locked, and then Cas was running down the stairs behind him.
.  "Yeah.  Who'd've thought Santa drove an Impala?"
Castiel looked at him.
"No-one," Jo said quickly.  "But Dean and Cas have made up."
Dean pulled an apologetic face.
Cas smiled.  "You're right - we've
Dean's shoulders slumped a little.  "I was
things, too," Cas repeated.  "No matter how small."
"But what if he—"
"Is that a yes?"
A few minutes later, he heard Dean walking away.
"No," he told her, desperately shaking his head.
"You sure don't
What if... He swallowed.  "Have I made a mistake?" he asked her quietly.
"Nuh-uh. You'll find out later," Dean said, hiding it behind his back. "It's a surprise."
Castiel turned to him with a confused look on his face.  "You said you didn't know her."
"'Too fast'," Dean scoffed, because he'd waited longer by far with Cas than with anyone else.  He pulled his hand out of Castiel's, and draped his arm across his face.  "I'm sorry, Cas."
A blonde hurricane nearly knocked Cas off his feet as soon as he set foot in the Roadhouse later that night.
He should probably say something.
"...When I couldn't fly
"Fuck," he said, sinking a little lower into the couch and crossing his arms dejectedly.
"The bird is already in the oven," Castiel said, then proceeded to instruct Dean on how to prepare the vegetables.
* * *
"Dean," Cas breathed, his voice barely audible as he shook his head in warning:
, yet?"
"Fair point," she acknowledged.  "Why didn't you try to reconnect with Lisa and Ben sooner?"
"Is it safe to say that you keep people at arm's length?  To protect yourself from being hurt?"
He grabbed his coat on the way out, ignoring Benjamin's shouts for his number.  He didn't want to see him again.  All he wanted to do was go back to a home that wasn't his.  To the man he loved but would never have.  Cas had really thought that he could
with it, you know?"
"You're, uh, quiet," Dean observed as they pulled into the Roadhouse parking lot.
do it for me, even when it's saggy and wrinkly."
"Two lagers over here," Andy said, waiting until Benny was just about to hit his ball before flicking his cue.
.  Dark hair.  Blue eyes.
"I wouldn't call you
"What?"
"Yeah, I know.  But he really wants to go."
"Why do you keep helping me?" he asked, not moving from where he stood.
Cas tipped his head back with a frustrated groan, eyes closed and bottom lip paling between his teeth.
"I'm strong," Castiel insisted, lips pursed a slight pout.
"By..?"
"What might make you smile again?" Dean asked softly, his face centimetres away.
"And tonight you closed the cover."
Stepping over the broken shards, Dean strode to the front door.  Sliding his feet into his shoes as he grabbed his keys from his jacket pocket, he had the door open before Cas's voice stopped him in his tracks.
"Moose," Castiel replied, looking at the map.
Dean's eyebrows rose.  Cas and the
Cas and Dean glanced at each other.
"I like having you around, Cas," he said suddenly. Clearing his throat, he added, "I'm just saying."
"Cas is the
* * *
"We eat together at home all the time," Castiel pointed out.  "I think he'd prefer some time away from me."
Dean chuckled as she led them over to a booth which had been decorated in streamers.  And he used the word loosely, as it was more a case of streamers had simply been thrown across the table and seats.
Dean's eyes were still half shut when he got in the shower the next morning. (He could call it that – there was still ten minutes before it officially became 'afternoon'.) He'd woken up at nine and promptly gone back to sleep without another thought, but as the warm water helped clear away the cobwebs in his brain he was suddenly hit with the memory of finding Castiel again last night. He jumped out of the shower and gave himself a quick rub down, wrapping the towel around his waist before he sprayed his underarms with a quick burst of deodorant. The sound of the TV greeted him as he walked into the living room.
One such couple kissed, and Castiel couldn't help but stare at them.  He longed for what they had, all open smiles and carefree kisses, for it came easily to them.  He looked away in embarrassment as the girl caught him staring, and Dean smacked his arm to get his attention.
"Good morning," Castiel said, looking over his shoulder from where he was washing his t-shirts in the sink.
Immediately Dean snatched his arm back and cleared his throat.
"He was on the plane, Dean," Cas told him calmly.  Lisa had phoned them earlier to let them know that Ben's plane had departed on time - and to make Dean promise for the hundredth time that he'd look after him.  "He'll be there."
"So basically they're useless?"
"Then what if it's an apology breakfast?"
"Yeah, but what about the stuff
"Oh, yes please!  I'm starving."  As if to prove his point, Castiel's stomach let out a low grumble.
Dean merely grunted in response.
"It's just a few days, Cas," Dean promised him.
"Now that's not to mean there isn't anything you can do to help yourself in that time.  Have you ever tried meditating?"
"Uh..."  Dean glanced over at Jo.  How the hell did he explain his actions to Cas?  He couldn't do it without hurting him, and he didn't want to do that.  "I got drunk and... kind of came onto Jo," he admitted shamefully.
"I saw the way you looked when I told you yours had gone," Dean said, rubbing the back of his neck. "If you don't want it, or don't like it, I'm not saying you
Dean took the bundle of envelopes from him and started sifting through them.  He tossed junk mail over his shoulder - causing Cas to tut disapprovingly - and put anything resembling a bill in a pile to his right.  He was left with a couple of plain envelopes that, judging from the postmarks, were most likely from Sam and Lisa.
"Oh, you know," Cas replied vaguely.  "Okay.  Work's kept me busy."
Castiel smiled as he slipped the DVD into the machine, because he didn't like it when Dean was unhappy.  He'd been more than unhappy enough for both of them since he'd moved in.
"It doesn't matter.  Hey, Ben –
"Is more work really a bad thing?" he asked, wondering how soon it would be before Cas realised there was no extra money coming in - if he hadn't already.
"Because I've got no-one else to turn to."
Dean turned around to meet his boss's glaring eyes.
Castiel tried not to let Andy's words upset him.  He
But the phone interrupted him before he could offer to help.
Dean screwed his face up at he tried to work out what song Cas was referring to.  "
Castiel stepped back.  "Don't ruin my fun, Dean."
"No-one does," Dean grinned.  "But it's a treat."
tweet.
Castiel's jaw dropped when Dean revealed the tan trench coat he'd been hiding.
"Are you scared of flying, like Dean?"
He froze and fell silent as Dean suddenly wrapped his arms around him.
find a nice guy," Dean shot back.
If they'd expected the hospital to be quiet because it was Christmas and everyone should be at home with their families, they'd have been sorely mistaken.  A drunk woman was screeching a horribly out-of-tune rendition of Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer, a homeless man was fighting three security guards, a mother with bags under her eyes larger than the ones Dean had stuffed with presents at home desperately rocked a wailing baby, while a father holding a blood-soaked rag to his head yelled at his three kids - who were using the seats as a climbing frame - to sit down.
stupid?"
," Balthazar told him.
Jo smacked Ash on the arm.  "
Cas imagined Dean was wishing he'd never shown him the video, but he couldn't find it in himself to be remotely regretful.
"What did he say?"
"Yeah.  I know.  That's early even for me," he conceded  with a half-hearted/bitter chuckle.
, how would you feel if we told the guys at the garage?"  When Cas stared at him blankly, he added,  "About us?"
, every night for the last few weeks."
Castiel nodded, and he could almost see the wheels turn in Dean's head.  "Why don't we go out and you can teach me how to play pool," Cas suggested.  "Just you and me.  And we won't leave each other."
"He's a 'him', not an 'it'!" Cas protested, before he closed the door on his way out.
"I know."  A faint blush coloured Dean's cheeks, a flattered smile tugging at his lips.  Cas was so caring and full of heart, and used the l-word so freely, that sometimes he didn't know how to react.
"Absolutely," Cas promised him.
"There's a difference between leaving someone and putting space between them and yourself," she pointed out.  "As soon as you've shown you are willing, this woman has opened herself up to you again; has shared her child with you again.  Can I ask—"
"But why did you
"I agree.  So I jog."  Cas stood up.  "But now I'm going to shower."
"God, help me," he mumbled into his hands.
"You haven't finished uncovering this memory—"
"Not when you have to organise the children's Christmas party.  There's food to organise, presents to wrap, we need to hire a Santa suit, and they're still trying to organise more shoeboxes for children abroad so that—"
"Bah, humbug," Dean grumbled, because he knew Cas was right.  "Now do you want there to be a Santa at this thing or not?"
"Yes."
what you called me for?"
"You'd have lived a life of misery, just to share your life with me?"
"Don't you dare!" Dean laughed.  "But yeah.  About you coming back tomorrow..."
"Castiel? What sort of a name is that?"
"It was a bad dream.  That's all."
"Easier said than done when I'm watching the two of you
"I didn't say that," Castiel said quickly.
"Well they
Cas sat in silence, picking at the sesame seeds on top of his bun while Dean ate.  "Balthazar and I argued," he announced out of nowhere.  "Again."
.  "Or we could stay in?  Whatever you decide," he shrugged, moving back to his cereal.  "I'm happy just to be with you."
to find ourselves getting distracted when we're grieving.  It doesn't mean you're going crazy - it can simply be a struggle to concentrate when your brain is overwhelmed with something as painful as the loss of a loved one.  It only becomes a problem when it starts interfering in your life in an unmanageable way."
Eventually their guest left, and Dean set about washing up their coffee mugs.  There had been a time he'd have just left them sitting, but that was before he'd had someone to make an effort for.  It hadn't bothered him if he'd let the dishes pile up in the sink, or put off dusting for a week or two, or didn't wash his bedsheets for a month.
"And then you stopped, and now you drink a lot less.  Let's go home."
"Just with the whole... you know... sadness thing."
"Where the hell have you been?" Dean's voice exclaimed sharply in front of him.
"You don't have an appointment," Cas reminded Dean as he pulled into the carpark a few minutes later.
"What are you doing here?"  Dean asked them.
where Gordon was concerned.  The man knew just which of Dean's buttons to push.
The man ducked and Dean collided with Benny.
Castiel slid in opposite him.  "You lied to me," Castiel accused.
"Who's Walker?" Castiel asked.
"Finally, he gets a reference!" Dean laughed.  "Come on, go - before the thing dies of hunger and we have to sneak into the cemetery in the dead of night to bury it."
"A 500 bulk box of condoms."
"Hey, hey, hey, come on, now!" Dean protested. "I'm not all booze and women. Sometimes I'm just the booze."
"Bathroom's all yours if— You didn't have to do that, Cas!"
Her jaw clenched visibly, then she made a sudden grab for the bottle and retreated to the back room.
"He was rude to my friend."
The needles stopped.  "Did... you tell him?"
"That's because it
Castiel opened his mouth, but no words came out.  He rubbed a comforting hand across Dean's back.  "We don't need to put a label on anything." he offered eventually.  "I'd love to call you my boyfriend - my
, Cas and Balthazar were served a small bowl of soup.
go. Stay here. At least until you get yourself sorted out."
Edit: My beta would like me to point out that she had a vague recollection of Jo finding out, but couldn't remember when or where, and when I looked back I couldn't find the scene so thought maybe it had been cut or changed. I only came across it
"I slept out here," he said, patting the sofa.
"That... would not be a good idea."
Once they were left alone to look over the menus, Dean shifted a little closer so his leg rested against Castiel's.
"Hmm?"  Castiel looked at the paper in his hands as if he hadn't seen it before.  "Oh, no."
"Oh, Dean," Castiel breathed.  "Dean, I'm so sorry."
"Because he deserves better," he told her.  And Cas did - he really did.  "He deserves someone that can make him
.  Balthazar was a good friend, but Dean was
"Because when he inevitably needs to reaffirm his heterosexuality and breaks your heart, I'll be the one picking up the pieces."
He shook his head, bemused, and said nothing more.  Until, that was, he noticed a print that reminded him of Pamela's office.
Dean hit play on the cassette player a little too roughly, patting the steering wheel softly in an unspoken apology.  The opening to
"No!"
But food first, he decided, even if he
"Okay..."  Bobby paused, before carefully asking, "How's Cas doing?"
Castiel stared at the ground sullenly.
be 'okay' if I were sleeping with other people!"
"Pretending he doesn't miss his mom."
"Yeah, well, I guess I just didn't want you to feel like you sucked at it," Dean mumbled.
"Oh.  Okay."  Jo glanced around for her mother, then dropped her voice as she asked, "Did you know she asked if she could have his ashes?  He didn't have any family to take them, so I guess she...  I don't know."
"You can't know that for sure.  But I promise you I'll try my best with him."
Deans face darkened.  "Don't compare me to your dad, Cas," he growled, slamming his fist off the worktop.  "I am
"I never said it would be
He laughed as Castiel turned to look at the back of the coat in the mirror. "You know, when we were kids Sammy had this god-awful denim jacket he wore everywhere – and I mean,
"Thanks for letting him," Dean told her again.
Dean supposed it was as enthusiastic as a kid his age could get   "Yeah?"
"Don't sweat it, Cas – it'll be fine."
When Castiel folded his arms and stared at him Dean realised he wasn't going to make it easy for him.  And deservedly so.
Jesse, a man of few words, echoed his husband's sentiments with a nod.
, but he wanted to look nice - and, after all, it would be a waste of money if he never wore it again.
"I don't know."
* * *
"Maybe you should show me where it is," Dean pointed out, and somehow the words sounded like a flirtation.
"It's weird, right?" Benny asked.
"You—  What?"
Castiel grew angry.  "He said
"I should really be going," he said, his sleep-addled brain still trying to digest everything that Dean had just said to him.
"Santa?" he asked.
"Are you alright?"
he didn't understand.  "Yeah," he heard himself agreeing.  "I was drunk."
He picked up a soft drink, his manners telling him not to drink alcohol around someone who wasn't or couldn't, and took a sip.  "When are you..?" he asked, nodding at her swollen belly.
* * *
"I did mean because of this," he waved the cotton ball at Dean, "but then you
Castiel relaxed then, safe in the knowledge that Dean wasn't upset by his comment.
Dean shook his head and turned to Cas.  "I'm gonna
"Shut up!" Cas giggled, snorting again as he tried to suck in air between bursts of laughter.
"I'll tell him you said that," Castiel smiled.  "I'm sure he could find a lot more to nag you for."
"So what are you writing about me?"
"Thank you."
before walking back out again and over to his car, still dwelling over the money.
Bobby wanted you to start washing cars when you came in."
before I moved in, and it would be again if I moved out!  Write
"The..?"
"Sure. Great," Dean agreed. "But if you can't, it's not a problem."
"Dean, I don't really think—"
them to me!"
"She doesn't even work at the garage," Dean muttered to himself, glancing back at Meg in disgust before pulling three tens out of his wallet and handing them over.  "Keep it," he said as she opened the till.
"Good afternoon," he joked.
"What if I used the money I won on my scratch card to buy him another one of those puzzle games?  He's nearing the end of that one - though he says he's missed a few puzzles - and he
Castiel raised a hand to his mouth in an attempt to hide his smile.
friend."
Castiel froze as Dean's hand reached for his mouth, sweeping a thumb across the trace of sauce beside his mouth.  His eyes tracked Dean's thumb as he wrapped his lips around it, sucking it clean.  It was obscene, and the music seemed to fade until the only thing Castiel could hear was his own heartbeat pounding in his ears.
Dean rolled his eyes, and once he got the keys off Gordon drove the car around the block to get a feel for it, but he couldn't see what Gordon was complaining about.  When he got back to Bobby's he drove her into the garage and popped the hood.
"Mmm."  That was something Cas hadn't considered when he'd applied for other jobs.  He wondered how tolerant - or not - Billie would be if she found out about him.  There was a chance he'd made a mistake, but at the same time he knew that stepping away from the garage and doing his own thing was important for himself.  He just had to hope that they were at the very least tolerant, if not supportive, and that if they weren't he could keep them from finding out.  Many straight men had male flatmates, so if he had to he could just be selective with the truth.  Not that he should
Tears pricked at his eyes and he clenched his hands into fists until his nails dug into the skin.
"I don't know.  What do you people call it - self-destructive behaviour?"
"What happened?"
Castiel screwed his nose up at the last one.  "That sounds disgusting!"
"Come on, Mom - why don't you take a break, hmm?" Jo said, herding her into the back room that Dean was very familiar with.
"Well, I'll leave you little lovebirds to bond over Bobby's computer," Dean teased.
me.  I'll remember that."
"My 'people skills' might be a little 'rusty', but was that not rather rude?"
"Not funny."
"Okay," he breathed.
"I know you don't believe, but would you like to talk about whatever it is?"
Castiel was once again drawn to the man's eyes.  "No. I'm fine."
Cas pressed a soft kiss into his hair, his fingers still working their magic to soothe Dean's mind and chase the voice out of his head.  "I love you."
of them! You don't think I'd miss you? You have no idea how
"Homeless?  Yes.  Sometimes."
of it, anyway.  It doesn't help that Cas wants to go back to university, now.  Money's probably going to get tight around here soon."
, Cas mused.  "Things are good," he told Sam instead.  "How are you and Jess?"
"Who's that?" Dean asked.
"I should have called," Dean acknowledged.  As much as he wanted to be Ben's
As they neared the door, the priest came out to greet them.
"Sorry, Bobby," he said, turning to leave. "Never mind. It doesn't matter."
"It's okay," Dean grinned.  "I've seen the film before.  Bond kills the bad guy and gets the girl."
Cas shrugged.  "You learn things at university that have nothing to do with your course.  Now may I continue, or would you like to continue discussing the concept of virginity?"
"It isn't."
homeless."
"So all the girls tell me," Dean grinned.
"They bring out the colour of your eyes."
"He gets aroused?"
Balthazar was right.  He
"Fuck you!" he shouted at the ceiling, splashing his face and washing away his tears.  "Fuck you and your kindness!  Fuck you and your green eyes!  Just... fuck you!"
As Benny walked back over to the rest of the guys from work, Dean called out to him.  "Hey, Benny.  Do you like bowling?"
"I don't care if it's
"A good friend who'll get yelled at by his boss if he doesn't get to work."
"Have any of you seen anyone suspicious hanging around here?"
"You like AC/DC?" he asked, surprised.
"Describe it for me."
"Can we please just pay for these and leave?"
, but...  I want to do better by Ben."
"Ow!" Cas exclaimed, snatching his hand back from the kitten's grasp suddenly.  Several fine red lines marked the skin on his hand.
that?"
Foreheads touching, they breathed heavily as their heart rates slowed.
"Then say it again, Cas."
.  He
"Hi, there.  Why don'tcha come on through the back."
"Come on over, friend - we'll buy you a drink.  It'll make a change from being alone?"
"I don't know."
who is best for her.  If she said yes, it's because she thinks you
"You may add the sprouts when the pancetta is crispy," Cas instructed, passing him the wooden spoon.
"Dean!  This visit is... unexpected.  I hope Castiel is well?"
"Aren't you going to be early for your appointment?" Cas asked as Dean pulled up outside the restaurant he was meeting Balthazar at for lunch.
Pamela wouldn't be very happy with him, running away from confrontation again, but he needed to calm down and collect his thoughts.
As he continued to stroke Chuck, he eyed the internet icon.  After casting a sideways glance at the pile of papers he
"My work have displayed a rainbow sticker in their window," Castiel told Pamela the following weekend.  "I'm told it a symbol of support for the queer community."
Dean looked at Cas in surprise; apparently he hadn't realised Bobby had been talking to Cas as well.  "Nosey old man," Dean chuckled.  "Now are you going to help me clean this up or are you just going to sit there?" he asked holding a hand out to Cas and helping him up.
"'S your turn," Benny slurred.
"No, Cas," Dean said, desperate not to leave things strained between them.  "Don't go.  Stay."
Then Dean could see where he'd fucked up.  "Not my best idea, huh?" he asked, an unsure smile tugging at the corner of his mouth
fit Dean's image of what a gay man should be like, either.
Pamela would undoubtedly tell him that the fantasy was him secretly longing for a commitment from Dean.  He chuckled at himself and rubbed his forehead.  He just wished that Dean felt relaxed enough about their relationship to touch him freely, the way Cas longed to touch him.
Dean looked at her.  "Can I stay here tonight?"
"Yes," Castiel told her.  "Jo took it rather well - I think it would take a lot more than drunken advances to ruin their friendship."
"I capiche."
HOLY SHIT I JUST HIT 300,000 WORDS WHAT THE FUCK?!
, over nothing.  Hell, it's been five years since I last tried this whole... relationship shit."
, Castiel's brain offered helpfully.
several, too."
he drank as much as he did.  This kind of self-analysing crap was one of the reasons he'd never committed to his counselling sessions.  "I'm... I'm a mess.  I am 90% crap, Cas.  You and Sam deserve better."
When they got home, the first thing Castiel did was get changed.  One of the boys had eaten too many sausage rolls and thrown up all over him during a game of musical bumps.  He took his soiled clothing to the bathroom, coming to a halt when he saw Dean already in there, shirtless and looking at himself in the mirror.  A sudden urge to touch Dean hit him, and he had to clench his hands tighter around the t-shirt he held.  Dean was
"Yeah," Dean agreed, "but someone could still buy it and fix it up themselves.  If they knew what they were doing."
He rubbed the sleep out of his eyes.
mean something, but it wasn't what you think.  It wasn't romantic.  It was...  It was goodbye."
Castiel had the sneaking suspicious that Dean wouldn't see breakfast, if this morning had been anything to go by. "Today was... really good," Castiel told him when he came back.
Pamela sat down on the chair beside him and crossed her legs, adjusting her skirt slightly as she did so.  She had nice legs, he noticed.  He couldn't tell before because she usually wore trousers.
"You should come in the water," Ben insisted.
After he'd done a full cycle of the channels and ended up back where he'd started, Dean switched the TV off.  He looked aimlessly round the room, noticing the chipped paint on the bottom of the door for the first time.  He looked at Cas, whose brow was furrowed so deep in concentration that Dean doubted he'd notice if he did a naked lap of the living room.  He quickly pushed that thought out of his mind and looked around the room again.  The bare walls that had never bothered him in the past suddenly felt empty.  Maybe he could get something to hang there?  Like some movie posters, or something?
"No, I got the last..."  Dean ticked them off on his fingers.  "How many's that?" he asked, holding up three fingers.
"Isn't that a little far away to be thinking about?"
"Hello?"
The covers rustled as Castiel shuffled closer, snuggling into Dean's side.
"How was work?"
Castiel swatted his hands away.
"Ben must be thrilled.  He loves you so much."
Before he knew it, he had the phone in his hand and it was ringing.  "Am I really doing this?" he asked.  However, before Cas could answer, he waved a silencing hand frantically at him as someone picked up at the other end.
Though his emotions felt bittersweet as he wished that Dean could be here to share this with him.  Dean had helped him so much, that it almost felt wrong for him not to be here now.
"What?!"
"The stiff?" he echoed. He glanced at Cas, who was perched stiffly on the edge of his stool. "Ellen, this is Cas. Cas, Ellen. Dude, relax."
"What were you praying for?" Dean asked.
"And do you think I'm the kind of guy who'd sit through hours of therapy - when I
"You should wash your hands first," Cas told him.
"Bobby?"
Castiel didn't say anything, and Dean yawned.  "Well I'm beat," he declared.  He stood up and leaned over Cas, pressing a kiss into his ruffled hair.  "Good night, Cas."
"Thirty dollars exactly."
Dean swiped a finger across the splash of food that had fallen from his over-filled mouth then, after a second's pause, licked it clean.
"Whatever, bitch."
"Okay, fine, you want to know what I was thinking?  I was thinking that I wanted to forget!  I was thinking I wanted to pass out so that I didn't have to dream!  I was thinking that just once I wanted November to pass me by without the nightmares coming back!" Dean yelled until he was red in the face.
"So did you have a good night?" Castiel asked.
"I promise you they won't care."
.  "Try this."
?  He took another sip of his coffee without thinking before letting it dribble out of his mouth and back into the mug.
deserved better.  "He does it for me.  Because
"Yeah.  If... if you want me there."
"I never said you were weak!"
"It's a time for reflection - to give thanks for all the good things we have received in the past year, ask that God look after those we've lost, and pray for his continued love."
"So what kind of 'weird' are we talking about?" she pressed gently, before he could completely shut down on her.
Cas was still staring at his.  "Forty dollars."
of in my life.  You see these grey hairs?" Bobby asked, taking his cap off.  "I swear you're responsible for most of them."
right now, and Cas didn't know what was wrong.
shouldn't be behind the wheel as Dean was in no state to supervise his driving.  "The sooner we get you home, the better."  What would have happened if he'd simply let Dean leave the apartment alone?  An icy weight settled in his stomach, and he was thankful that nothing worse had happened.
a nice thought," Lisa agreed reluctantly.  "I just wish you'd spoken to me about it first.  What if I'd bought it and put it away for Christmas?"
"Why do you need to read the books if you've watched the TV show?"
"He believes—"
"He's fine.  More than fine, even."
Dean raised his eyebrows. "Dude, it's a
thing, either.  Opting to let her comment slide, he instead asked her, "So, how was your first day?"
Dean chuckled.  "Duh, Alan Rickman!"
He'd reacted in a similar way before, Cas remembered then, when he'd been complimented on his looks.  He wondered if it had something to do with the way Dean seemed self-conscious about his body, or if there was some other, deeper reason for his reaction to flattery.
Swallowing, Cas stepped past Dean and eyed the newly set pins like they might attack him at any moment.
Cas pouted, his irritation softened by his own amusement.  "But honestly," he asked, once Dean's laughter had ebbed, "are you okay?"
"Damn it boys, I just want to finish my shift in peace!  You can either take this home, or I can arrest you both for disorderly conduct," Jody warned, coming up behind them.  She turned to Dean, expression softening when she saw his face.  "Look, you've had a long night so just go home and take it easy, okay?" she instructed softly.
* * *
"Cola," Castiel said, shaking his head.
But Dean was already hurrying away, phone pressed tight against his ear.
Cas opened his mouth to speak, but his jaw hung slack when he saw Dean.  He wore a plain red shirt over a dark t-shirt along with dark jeans, and damn it if Castiel didn't want to rip them off him right there and then.
"I used to drink more than this."
, their eleventh and - thankfully - final course, Bathazar reached across the table and plucked the menu from his hand.
Castiel pulled the covers around his head as he willed himself to sleep, but tomorrow was a long, long way away.
Cas waited for a moment, both disappointed and amused when Dean did nothing else.  "Clearly you only do the touchy-feely thing in small doses," he teased light-heartedly.
been pity, then...
"It's okay," Cas assured him soothingly.  "You don't have to say anything."
on one side seeming to ease out some of the stiffness.  "That's okay."
Santa pulled a page out of his pocket and looked at it.  "Dean Winchester.  I didn't receive a letter from you this year."
about my frustration!"
So on Friday he hid the beer; the whiskey being long gone.
"Either I am a guest here, or I am to treat this as my home – which is it? Because I cannot be a guest in my own home."
He felt like he'd barely closed his eyes when Dean's voice was dragging him reluctantly from his slumber.
... physically..."
"Hey!  I bought lunch," Dean protested.
it but I don't want to
job is?"
"We're alone," Dean whispered as the elevator doors slid shut.
Small steps, he decided.  Let Cas's hands venture below his waist, and see how he reacts.  From there, they could take it further.  He rubbed a gloved hand over the panel, and nodded to himself.  Nearly done for the night.  He put his tools away and retrieved the primer.  Anxious wasn't a feeling Dean had ever thought he'd associate with sex after his first time - but he found himself anxious about the thought of having sex with Cas.  He was good at sex; had always left his partners satisfied.  But Cas wasn't like any of his other partners.  What if he wasn't any good with Cas?  What if... what if he was a disappointment in bed?  Would he still be enough for Cas?  A chill ran through him as he was struck with the possibility of Cas leaving him after all the hard work he'd done to make this work.
"So, is the cutest guy in the room going to ask the prettiest girl in the room for a dance?" Meg asked, trailing a finger down his chest.
As Ben put the dishes away, Dean rinsed out the sink and dried the counter where he'd splashed.
"No, Dean mentioned her."
"But I don't
"You smell just great, Cas," Dean responded, pulling him in for a kiss.
"Okay firstly,
At this, Cesar reached for his hand and gave it a squeeze.
"How many times have you told me it was disgusting without actually
"Yep.  I can help you, if you want."
"It's not funny!" Castiel protested, fighting back a grin because it was
"You're drunk," Castiel proclaimed, pushing his friend away.
"Whiskey," Dean said immediately.
"It's no fun for me if I'm watching you play pool with someone else."
"We're not exactly on speaking terms," Sam pointed out.
good, wasn't it?  Cas
"That was nice," he said, dragging the last piece of bread across his plate to mop up the sauce and stuffing it in his mouth before it could drip.
"We are
Dean quirked an eyebrow but, with a sigh, conceded and bit a piece off with a crunch.  He chewed slowly, his expression wary, as he considered the new flavour in his mouth.
"You owe me more than one," Cas teased.  Then his expression turned serious.  "But
"Cas."
"Any detail helps," she pressed him gently.  "No matter how small."
child.  You have to build on your existing relationship with him in a way that you're comfortable with, and that suits you.  People don't always share their pregnancy news until they're past the first trimester so they can have more confidence that everything is going to be okay - I suppose a similar logic could be applied here.  And Sam should understand that, once any frustration fades."
you to leave - that wasn't your choice."
"I've never been on a plane before," Cas revealed.
"I need to know the truth," he told her.  "I need to
"I guess because he knew Dad?" Dean shrugged.  "So what did she do with them?  The ashes?"
, he realised with sudden clarity, for his feelings to be real.  He liked the sense of assurance he got from having Castiel's complete support, of sharing his life with someone, of
Castiel quietly re-entered the hall where the children were laughing and dancing.  Some parents were joining them, while others sat at the tables that lined the walls eating the party food.  He sat down near the door he'd just come through and nibbled on a mini sausage roll, waiting for the tell-tale jingle of bells that would announce Santa's arrival.
Dean looked up at him.  "What?"
That had been so long ago...  He'd caught glimpses since then - when he'd walked in as Dean was getting dressed, or when Dean stretched and his shirt rode up to reveal the slight pudge around his middle.  He knew what Dean felt like through layers of clothes - firm chest, his body getting softer as his hands ventured lower - but to actually touch
"Seeing as Ben's not here, can I kiss you?" he asked quietly.
.  That he didn't look at girls the same way his brothers did and, when puberty brought about sexual urges in him, that they didn't look at
"Hey, I just want the purple cable," Andy shrugged.
"It doesn't
"I know," Dean said, flipping the bird to the irate driver behind him who was honking impatiently at him.
But Castiel didn't look convinced.
"But there might be traffic."
He swallowed down the automatic
"I told her stuff about me.  My past.  First time I opened up to anyone, and she didn't want anything to do with me."  He sniffed.
"No," Sam answered, much too quickly before adding, "Kind of."
Castiel frowned, shutting the passenger door but otherwise not moving.
"Because she's dead?" Dean reminded her.  "She died when I was four - she's got nothing to do with anything."
"Yeah, he's good."
and the doors opened.  Standing outside Dean's front door, Cas battled with the lock while trying to continue holding Dean upright, finally sliding the key home on his fourth try.  He didn't know why he hadn't given the damn thing back to Dean when he'd left.
"I could help you find it," Dean offered.  "Where did you drop it?"  he chuckled at his own joke.
"She'll get there," Dean assured her.
"You do realise you're probably going to get 'round to reading this before me?"
"Where.  Is.  My.  Beer?"
Dean swallowed, knowing that Cas was thinking about his time as a human - when Gadreel, pretending to be Ezekiel, had insisted that Castiel could not be around him.  "I'm sorry," Dean apologised.  He'd apologised before, and would keep apologising.  "You needed me, and I should have been there for you."
, Cas.  I don't talk about my
"I am a multi-dimensional wavelength of celestial intent," Cas reminded Dean patiently.  "It is the vessel that I am possessing that presents as male."  He squinted.  "I could take a female vessel, if that is something you would—"
Dean swallowed.  "I know."
Pamela wrote something down, then looked at him.  "I want to address the first thing you said - you're Sam's
?  That way, improving your relationships with others would be the natural progression of your recovery?"
"I have no idea.  I have no idea
"That's why you think
But Castiel was already gone, disappearing into the workshop.
Dean chuckled bitterly.  "Yeah.  We're fine."
"Damn it, I knew I should have sent you home yesterday.  Next year you're taking the second off like you usually do," Bobby said tiredly.  "Now get a move on – those cars won't wash themselves."
"That's no excuse!  Grow up, accept responsibility for—"
that, even though I don't get why you'd want to be with me - even though I can't
"I'd forget my damn head if it wasn't screwed on," Bobby grumbled as he reappeared.  "Have you seen—  Oh."
"You're beautiful," Cas repeated.
"Dean, I never intended to—"
"What do you think?" Dean asked Andy and Benny.  "Yes?  No?"
"I'll take that as a 'no', then," she said.
"Suit yourself."
"I need a drink."
"Shoulders, knees, and toes," Dean joked.  When Pamela frowned at him over her clipboard Dean was reminded of what Cas had told him; '
want to talk, I'll give you one session free of charge.  With no obligation to come back," she added, as Dean's expression turned argumentative.
"I won't be going to church tomorrow," said, eyes darting around the diner. Everywhere that wasn't at Dean.
much of a shock, is it?"
"You can just sit up at the side and dangle your feet in the pool if you want.  But the shallow end's only about waist-deep, so you don't have to worry about swimming."
Castiel frowned, then chuckled at the comment he'd forgotten making.  "Nothing.  It was just a joke.  The shirt you were wearing shares its colours with the bisexual flag."
"Let me know what happens with it, yeah?"
Dean sat.
The next night Dean took Castiel out again, though this time he drove them into unfamiliar territory.  The Impala crawled along the street, allowing Castiel to take in the bright lights of the bars and bright costumes of the patrons.  Everywhere he looked there he could see gaudy shirts, sequins, glitter, and feathers.
"Dean."
"Yeah.  Bobby put it in that in case there was any evidence on it."
Castiel's shoulders sagged in disappointment that Dean would think him that unaffected by Bobby's death.  Then it hit him that Dean was probably in denial and trying to carry on as if everything was the same.  But it would never be the same again.  It would be okay, in time, but it would never be the same.
Eventually Jo texted him again, letting him know that Dean had drunk too much and asking him to pick him up because he was starting to get confrontational and she was afraid he'd get into another fight.  He responded quickly to let her know he was on his way, before putting on his coat and shoes.
"I think there are some things about you I'd rather not know."
"He said
"Come on," Dean told him, ruffling his hair playfully.  "The sooner we buy these, the sooner we can hit the pool."
When Dean got out of the shower he wouldn't tell Castiel what it was that he'd bought, despite him asking several times.
as the door closed between them.
"I wasn't," he stated, his tone making it evident he didn't want to discuss it.
sticker - and I didn't want to think what it would mean if I could never feel confident in who I am.  Who
"By hurting you?"
"Please don't let Dean hear you trying to persuade me to end things with him," Cas asked him.  "He already thinks that I deserve better than him, and I think he worries that you're perhaps better suited to me than he is."
"It feels like we're forgetting
"Yes?"
"And..?"
"Anything for dessert?" the waiter asked when he reappeared.
," Dean pleaded.
"Come
"Chinese, then?"
"I didn't—  Okay, so maybe I did.  It's not that big a deal."
"Hey, only my mother gets to call me Jo
"I know that you've told me your brother has left you, yet he is still a big part of your life.  You said Lisa left you, yet she's still letting you see Ben.  You keep bringing up Cas leaving you, yet he's living with you and you're trying to make a relationship with him work."
"That's alright.  I'm sure I'll get to unwrap
"And you
"You thought it was best not to be
"Do you want to come downstairs and open some presents?"
"The fanboying over Dr Sexy - you had a crush."
Castiel's face fell, and he cupped Dean's face with one gentle hand.  "You really
"It's called
"You're a fool," she chided him.  "A stubborn, old fool."
"I'm going out!" he called through to Dean decidedly, as he retrieved his coat and wallet.
Bright blue eyes that looked all-too-familiar, and narrowed as the woman tilted her head in confusion at the change in his expression.
"I...  Yes," Dean admitted.
Castiel didn't know what to say to that, for religion had always been a large part of his upbringing. He'd say as much to Dean, except he'd already said too much - he didn't know what had made him tell Dean as much as he had.
ways, too," Dean began.
"Since when did you care about being late for work?" Cas retorted, carrying the box Chuck Norris slept in out of the kitchen.  His litter tray was balanced precariously on top, and a bag containing his food and toys hung from one arm.
"You listen to the same music, you wear the same clothes, you drive the same car.  Your 'homework', if you want to call it that, is to try to loosen some of those ties to your father.  Not cut them, just loosen them to give you some breathing room."
Now, he was standing in the living room doorway, hot mug of coffee in hand, watching Cas sleep.  When he'd taken him in, he had been someone to take care of; someone to fill the hole that Sam had left.  Things had changed, though, and it felt like
"Okay, sit down.  Sit!"
"We pray," Castiel answered, rinsing the suds off a mug and resting it in drying rack.
"Are you telling me I'm slow?"
Dropping his head back against the headrest, Dean sighed.  "I just think you deserve better than me, Cas.  Someone who can take you out nice places, and hold your hand."
"It's just...  This is so freaking
"One.  An older brother; Michael."
who takes me to them."
"So, uh, do you want to play or not"?
"No," Dean admitted.  "I didn't really talk to her."
asked her if she ever felt a bit weird being down this way.  She said the first time she came out with Charlie they went somewhere quiet, just until she got used to the people."
"Both of which you've admitted are only because of me," Cas pointed out.
Dean thought about all the leaflets Pamela had given him, and how he'd been shocked to find out just how many ways people could identify.  "It's not
* * *
"I'm not disagreeing, Dean, but can you please refrain from insulting him?  At least to my face."
As Dean realised what he was thinking, he abruptly pulled away.  He wasn't a thirteen-year-old schoolgirl, and he did
It took a Dean a second for the penny to drop. "What? Me and Jo? No!"
Cas shook his head.
"It was only three dollars."
what I like to hear!  Especially in the bedroom..."
), but he saw none of them on Balthazar's shelves.  He started sliding some at random off the shelves, reading the descriptions on the backs before returning them to their places on the shelf.
Only the temptation of a free drink stopped him from saying no.  "Alright," he said, dropping the cue ball and his cue on the pool table.  As he sat down, he could see the students on the other side of the room eyeing up the table.  He glared at them for a long moment, before nodding his head at the table.  In a blink they were crowded around it, jostling each other as they set up for a game.
"I think we've got him.  Good work, people."
"Dude, I
In the living room Castiel stripped down again before getting into bed, and he paused when he felt the small bottle of pills that was still in his pocket. The sound of Dean throwing up again pulled him from his thoughts and he tossed the jeans aside until morning.
They'd barely stepped out of the car when a steward came over to them.  "Guys, you're in the wrong area.  This is for visitors.  Show parking is—"
"Snuck up on you, did I?" the man laughed. "Sorry, man. I didn't mean to freak you out."
"Awesome!" Ben exclaimed, leaping out of his seat and snatching one from Dean's outstretched hand.  "Uh, have you got a penny?"
He sniffed and wiped his eyes.
"There are many wonderful things about you and, if I have to, I shall make a list."
"No," she assured him.  "He's been a big part of your life these past few months.  You've seen him
Castiel let out a reluctant chuckle.  "I don't think he needs another reason to dislike you."
about them - on the contrary, Dean thought about it every time.  Wondering what Sam would want, regretting not knowing what Sam would like, wishing they weren't so estranged.  That's why the gift he'd sent at Christmas had been so unexpected, and he still felt bad that he'd never sent his brother anything in return.  "But you're still here, and I'm still here, so..."
Dean found himself grinning and drumming his fingers along to the next song that came on.
"I don't think it's fully set in, yet," Cas answered for them both.
For a long moment, neither of them said anything.  Then Lisa broke the silence.
"Okay."
"No!" Cas said, pulling back.  "No, you don't get to do that.  I'm going home, Dean.  Don't try to follow me - I need to be alone for a little while."
Less than forty later Cas was walking into the local police station and asking for Sheriff Mills.
Jo hit him again.  "
"I want to be here.  I
of us had had before," Cas told him.  When Ben's face fell, he added, "If we can't find anything, though, we could come back to that.
Unfortunately, it was the wrong colour - so Dean had to remove the old layers of paint before he could paint it.  And that was what he was doing that evening.  It should have been an easier job, however, if it wasn't for the small dent he discovered and a patch of rust that needed to be dealt with.  Fortunately it was only surface rust, and his hands moved on autopilot as he sanded it down.  But, once he was finished, he'd need to apply a coat of primer, and then he couldn't do any more until the following night once it had dried.
Castiel sighed.  "I know you did."
"What prevented you from doing so?"
He got no pleasure in clearing the table, for it was no challenge messing about by himself.  As he bent over to take an easy shot at the black, he glanced up at a couple sitting in his line of vision.  A bald guy and his Latino friend were sitting at a table, drinking and chatting quietly between themselves.  They might be decent opponents, he decided, tossing his cue down on the table and making his way over to them.
had months to accept the idea he liked men.
When he said as much, she nodded in agreement.
"I'll see you at lunch," Dean said quietly, backing out of the room.  "Go back to sleep."
Castiel nodded, and Dean lets his jeans fall to his ankles.
"I have other friends, Dean.  I'm going to uni.  I'm looking for a new job."
"She's been crying for two days..."
Cas leaned closer.  "Take me home," he whispered in his boyfriend's ear.
"Tell everyone, why don't you," Andy grumbled.
Balthazar simply laughed.
"The guy next to me had teeth.  Like, a
," Dean clarified.
"No!"
.  It had felt like a sick joke at the time.
"More's the pity," Sam lamented.
"It's been a while," Dean told his reflection.  "But you owe yourself.  You owe Cas.  It's nothing but a ground ball - you've just got to put your mitt down.  You are Dean Winchester.  This is what you do."  He paused, and let out a breath.  "Even if it's not who you usually do it
"Yes."
"That's great," Pamela smiled.  "Although I'm detecting a 'but'..."
"No, not today," Dean said. "And no plans until later tonight."
take care of myself, you know."
"Why?" Dean asked, feeling like he already knew the answer.
"Yeah.  You need me to do anything?"
"I know I've been kind of off today, but—"
Dean sank even lower in his seat.
Dean looked over at him, not sure what to say.  "Was it really that obvious?" he settled for.
Dean laughed fondly at him, but didn't answer.  "What was on your mind?"
"Do you think your flatmates would mind?"
- I don't know how to uncomplicate it," Dean admitted after a moment's pause.
"Yeah."
He stared at it, then waved it in front of her.  "Hey, d'you lose a cloth?"
"With me."
Small steps.  Cas wasn't a one night stand, right?  So they could take it slow.  He didn't have to rush into anything he wasn't yet comfortable with.  Shifting slightly, he lifted his arm and draped it along the back of the sofa, behind Cas
wouldn't have liked it," Dean said, fingers deftly untying the knot he'd just tied.
"Is it just me, or is the service in here getting a lot more personal?" Dean quipped.
How the hell was he going to explain this to Sam?  Because he'd
" Jo exclaimed, seeing the photo in Dean's hand.
"I've never seen one of these before," Dean told the owner in awe, before getting swept up in an in depth discussion about the weird-looking vehicle.
"So have you talked to Bobby yet?"
"Cas, we've got to go!" he said.  He'd never hear the end of it from Bobby if they were late for work.
His relief echoed the feeling flooding through Dean for getting Cas back, and he glanced at the angel in his rearview mirror.
"No, it's not alright. Man, I'm sorry – I can be such a douche sometimes."
Leaning against the wall, Balthazar took a long drag of his cigarette.  "The only excuse for running is if you're being chased."
of his clothes again, but he reluctantly tore his gaze away from his boyfriend and moved to put his own coat on.
Beside him, Castiel squeezed his hand and shot him a small, supportive smile.
Across the room, a burly biker wolf-whistled.  "Go get him, tiger!"
like it," Dean complained half-heartedly.  Truth be told, it was nice seeing Cas so happy and relaxed.
Un-beta'd.
Lisa phoned after dinner to inform Dean that she would be flying out the next day to fly back with Ben.  The idea seemed absurd to him, until she admitted that she wanted to meet Cas.
for you.  Whatever that means."
Dean was there, with a cold cloth and a reassuring touch, until Cas was finally finished throwing up for the time being and went back to bed.
Cas moved his hand to Dean's.  "I wouldn't be alive if it wasn't for you," he said sincerely.  "And I think, in a way, you wouldn't be either.  Your heart might have been beating as you got through each day, but can you honestly tell me that it was
"Where—?"
Castiel sighed and pulled the cardboard box out of the trash.  "Turducken.  Chicken stuffed in duck stuffed in turkey.  See?"
"You could take someone's eye out doing that!" Castiel complained, but he opened it and pulled out a card that simply read, 'You are my angel'.  "Yes, I am."
"Jo said some stuff tonight... about me... hurting you.  I think it took a while to sink in."
He glanced down, momentarily distracted as Chuck wound himself around his ankles.  "No, I just...  I was looking for Cas."  He held up the paper bag in his hand.  "I brought him a late lunch."
Dean's mouth went dry.  By all accounts
"No.  Sorry, Dean."
"Yes, you did.  And that's okay.  It's not going to help you if you lie to yourself about what you want, or how you feel.  Know that
"He's a faggot, and we don't want his kind here!"
"Hello?  Sam!" he exclaimed, surprised at hearing his brother's voice on the other end of the line.  Wasn't he supposed to still be in rehab?  "I thought you got home tomorrow?"
"But...  Dean said you'd cut him off.  That you weren't going to help him any more."
The man followed his gaze.  "Oh, he's a pretty boy," he smirked.  "With a mouth like that I bet he goes down on you, doesn't he?"
"What could I possibly be up to?" Castiel asked innocently.
"I love you," Cas told him, moving closer and wrapping his arms around Dean's waist.  "And this past week has shown me what I could have with you - a
"Yes, we are."
Cas turned to him.  "You didn't need to pick me up.  I could have walked.  Or ridden the bus."
"Mac-
"I am not a child."
Maybe some space would help him, and help their friendship.  "I'll think about it," Cas promised.
"Yes?"
Cas looked at him.  "I'm not saying that you're not, but...  What if you decide that it's too much effort?  That it's
It was as if someone had lit a fire under him - he raced around, gathering his things and carrying an armful of dirty clothes into the kitchen where Cas dutifully set the machine, while Dean tried to help Ben find things he'd lost.
Dean leaned over and kissed him.  "I just want to get everything right.  I want Ben, and Sam, and you.  But having lost everyone in the past , I feel like I'm pushing my luck trying to get everyone back."
"Hey, I know you had a crush on me, but my date's right there!" Dean laughed.
"I suppose I am."
As if to prove Dean wrong the kitten leapt onto Cas's thigh, claws digging through his jeans and into flesh, and rubbed his head against his shirt.
They made their way in the direction the steward had sent them, trying to keep to the grass where possible to avoid standing in any large muddy patches.
"You were red last time."
As the song came into the chorus, he sang along in the hopes of shaking off the thoughts spinning around in his head.
"Hey, Dean?" Sam asked, a sudden thought striking him.  "Do you think Adam...  Michael was destroyed, but do you think Jack brought Adam back?"
Castiel tapped Jody on the shoulder.  "Excuse me, Sheriff Mills?"
"Don't say it, Cas," Dean said, his voice breaking over the words.  "He can't die."
"I apologise," Castiel said sincerely.  "Do we need popcorn?"
Bobby sighed. "Dean... Take a break."
Castiel laughed.  "I'm afraid that sight's for me only, now."
Dean snorted.  "If you love me now, how are you going to feel about me when I get you all in my mouth?"
Dean frowned, as if preparing to point out their lack of funds.
"Oh!  Thank you," he said, curling his hands around his mug and pulling it close again.
"Dean got drunk and hit on Jo," Castiel stated bluntly, not bothering to disguise his displeasure.
Cas shrugged.  "I've chosen you, you've chosen me, and we're trying to make it work.  If our 'dates' aren't very exciting or original, I'm okay with that.  For now, at least.  If we can get a bit more money coming in, then it would be nice to go out somewhere special occasionally."
"I want—  I'd
Dean raised an eyebrow.  "I get that you were at a really low point, but you're young and you've got your whole life ahead of you!"
I hope you all have a fantastic Christmas and an awesome New Year!
"That's a good question.  I can be confident in saying that what you've remembered today is likely the
"Aha," she nodded agreeably.  "Are you sure you wouldn't rather have a beer?"
She frowned.  "Aren't you going home with Dean?"
"What do you care?"
"If you want I could—"
"You said 'the people in your life'.  I'm in your life."
They grabbed their coats on their way out, putting them on as they hurried down the three flights of stairs.  When Cas had mentioned to Dean about needing a thicker coat, he'd admitted that Sam had given them some more money and awkwardly shoved $40 in his hand.  He hadn't meant it to sound like he was asking for help but Dean wouldn't take it back, so he'd been forced to admit that he needed it and bought himself a thick black coat.  With his own money he'd bought a burgundy scarf and matching gloves.  He thought he looked rather smart - or at least he
Cas's confused expression turned to one of guilt.
He tried not to let it bother him, reminding himself that Dean had hugged him - not hit him - when he found out he was attracted to men, but the longer Dean seemed to hold a part of himself back the more Castiel started to worry that maybe Dean wasn't as okay with him as he made out to be.  The thought of being made homeless again kept him awake at night, and he'd often be sitting bleary-eyed in the kitchen drinking his third cup of coffee when Dean woke up.
"That's not—  I don't—" Dean spluttered.  "
"What?  You think you're the only one who gets to write lists?" he snapped, slamming the notebook down on the arm of the chair.  Getting defensive was only going to make things worse, but this was exactly what Cas had done when he'd had his doubts about
Cas snorted.  "Please!  You're an octopus."
"You know why?" Dean continued, ignoring him.
Without taking his eyes from Dean, Cas reached into the bag of sweets.
Dean nodded in agreement, his fingers drawing lines on Castiel's thighs as he tried to remember what little he knew about anal sex.  It wasn't something most women were prepared to do with a guy they were only screwing once - there was a level of trust that needed to be built first.
Despite the conflicting emotions raging inside Dean's heart at that moment - guilt, joy, sadness, relief - it was like he could breathe again for the first time that week.
"And that's… all?"
Now Dean didn't stay out as late and didn't sleep in as late.
"We can always double back if we have time," Dean promised.
"If I was a woman you wouldn't care what people said about us."
to mention it to him?  What - were you thinking about checking up on me?!"
They both fell silent for a moment.
any friends.  "Though I have to say, you took your time getting there."
"Fajitas," Dean's voice said from behind them.
"You can have a cuddle in the Roadhouse," Dean laughed, throwing an arm around him in jest.
"Come here," Dean said, pulling Cas up and sliding a hand into his boxers.
Except that wasn't the case, as her observation had been prompted by the fact the two of
, had ended.  Dean was so uncharacteristically quiet that, if it wasn't for the fingers tracing imaginary patterns onto his thigh, Cas would have thought he had fallen asleep.
Bobby's workbench was still a cluttered mess of tools, exactly the way he'd left it.  He'd never had the chance to tidy things away before...  Dean reached out and picked up Bobby's flask that was still sitting at the back of his workbench.  Everyone pretended not to notice that Bobby liked to take a drink now and then.  He was never drunk, so it was none of their business.  He blinked back tears as he slipped the flask into his pocket.
"Yeah.  Just gotta get you slicked up nice and wet."
"I know," Castiel agreed.  "But it's what I want to do."
"Depends.  What are you going to do, now?"
"When you get intimate?" Pamela tried again.
.  I'm sorry that I made you doubt that, and I'm sorry if I was an asshole last night.  I hope you know that Ellen and Jo are as much your friends as they are mine, and they'd have taken you in if you hadn't wanted to stay here last night."
Chuck leapt up onto the filing cabinets instead, and flicked his tail as he narrowed his eyes at Cas in displeasure.
"At least until you get your name changed."
"Do not call here again, Dean."
"Then make your coffee and get out!"
the one who needs an outside interest," he realised aloud.
"No, your name is Castiel.
"The, uh, enchiladas were filling."
"Saved by the bell," Sam grinned.
"Well, I'll go through that kitchen stuff for you today, so I'll drop you off at church tomorrow with it. Then there's a game on."
Dean hummed, almost to himself, in response.  He sat a moment longer before he started towards the bathroom.
"Don't be.  What's my brother done now?"
"Well, if you want to take off early, you can.  I'm just saying," he said, in a please-don't-start-a-fight-with-me tone.  Then he walked away.
When they got home, Dean hovered awkwardly in the corridor as if he was a stranger in his own home.  "Cas, I know what I said this morning... but I'm not really up for anything tonight, okay?"
they were buying items for the church's shoebox campaign, so they would have to make sacrifices elsewhere.  An asterisk marked against several items meant that they were going to buy a cheaper brand than usual, though Dean had refused to compromise on toilet paper.
"I'm going to go shower," Cas told him, momentarily resting a hand on his shoulder before he left the room.
Dean had been given the painkillers on prescription a few years ago, after a car accident he'd been in with Sam and his dad. "You were right," he said quietly. "I'd forgotten all about them." He'd been a stubborn ass and refused to take them, no matter how bad the pain got. "Have you taken any?"
Dean was silent for a long moment.  He hated this, always calling his brother for help.  But while his confrontation with Cas earlier had helped him
"Yeah!"  Dean turned back to Cas who was trying, and failing, to get to his feet.  "I gotcha," he told him, grabbing his arm and hauling him up so fast that Cas nearly fell over again.
Castiel looked at him, the gentle furrow in his brow the only indication that he didn't understand what Dean wanted or expected him to say.
"What did you do?" Dean asked, grabbing for Castiel's hand as soon as he saw the Band-Aid.
A wave of nausea came over him.  "Balthazar—"
He didn't want Cas to be gone.  Not again.  He wanted...  What
Castiel ignored his protests, deliberately clanking the bottles loudly together in a somewhat childish act of  rebellion as he carried them through to the kitchen.
"I like to record my sessions with my clients."
"So yes, I think we're different - but I
home."
idea.
"Then go home – don't let me keep you."
"Well why don't we get lunch just now before Castiel forgets about our ice cream, and by then it'll be time for the penguin parade.  Then we can take Cas to see the fish.  How does that sound?"
Dean couldn't help but smile at Cas referring to the Impala as 'her'.  "Yeah, well, don't go expecting any full lessons just yet," he said, brushing off Castiel's praise.
mentally.  As for what I
"Hey, that wasn't the deal!"
"They're mainly just for show."
?" he asked, his voice dry and scratchy.
mouth and look him in the eye.  "Not
"I think that's
Dean pulled a thoughtful face.  Sometimes it was nice to feel a little give; a little extra cushion for the, uh...  He cleared his throat.  Meditating.  He was supposed to be meditating, not thinking about sex.
Castiel hummed in response.
hug pillows longingly while fantasising that they still held traces of a scent from several weeks ago.  As a thirty-two-year-old man, however, he
"I hope not.  I don't think this will feed them
"I know," Dean said, staring into Cas's eyes firmly to get his point across.  "Now, if I put the coffee pot on do you want some?"
"Just say the word, and I'll make up the couch.  It's starting to sag a little, but it's got some life left in it yet."
"A job interview?  That's cool.  Where at?"
Castie's face fell.  "And what do
"You did," he whispered in Dean's ear.
* * *
"It sure is."
"No, I know," Dean said, leaning forward and taking one of Cas's hands in his own in an attempt to reconnect with him. "But I had to take care of him for a while, and being alone for so long maybe I just wanted someone else to look after. But you don't need looking after, Cas. You're stronger than me. I know you can move past this whole thing with your dad, so no more trying to kill yourself, okay? Please?" Dean begged.
"It's baseball, but you know what?  I think my team's going to lose," he grinned, shooting Cas a wink.
When Dean left, Castiel moved to the sink and removed the dishes, pouring out the water and refilling the basin – this time with washing up liquid. It took no time at all to wash and dry the few dishes there were, and Dean came back just as he was hanging the damp dish towel over the radiator.
Castiel closed his eyes and exhaled softly. His point had flown completely over the other man's head. Dean had said his brother was a lawyer, yes? So that meant Sam was intelligent, then – perhaps he'd been given Dean's share of the brains, and Dean had got the looks. But as soon as that notion entered his head, however, he berated himself for thinking such a thing.
"Bull. They should still
* * *
"Then I suppose the popcorn is mine, then?"
That conversation played on Dean's mind for a few days, until he decided to press the matter from a different direction.
"He and I disagreed," Castiel said finally.
It seemed like Cas and Balthazar had a lot in common.  From what he saw, anyway.  Sure, Balthazar was bolder and more outgoing, but Cas had become more so over the past months.  His dislike of Balthazar made his stomach churn strangely, and for the first time he wondered if there was more to his feelings than simply not liking the guy.
"Sammy and me... We used to be as close as two brothers could get, you know?"
"Filling station.  There's a diner across the street if you want breakfast."
"I'm going to come into work with you this morning," Cas told him as he got out of bed.
The next day it was raining when they woke up, and it didn't stop all day.  In Bobby's office Castiel muttered to himself, wishing - not for the first time - that Bobby had a computer on which to keep his client database.  He'd seen the invoice he was looking for just a second ago, but he couldn't for the life of him remember which pile he'd put it in.  All the words were starting to blur together and he was giving himself a headache.
"Well, it's gone through," the operator told him.
The next morning they ate breakfast and went down to the park for an hour, before heading back to pack the last of Ben's things.  Thankfully his clothes were dry, he was able to get them packed away right before they left for the airport.
"Do you want me to show you how to do this?" Andy asked him.
"Blood pressure 130 over 90."
"Please don't joke about that," Castiel asked, placing a protective hand on Ben's shoulder.
"Why?" Dean asked with a suspicious frown, as it wasn't something they'd done before.
"The bridge kept us dry from the rain—"
"Another," he said, nudging it forward with his fingertips.
Castiel seemed to withdraw into himself.  "I'm sorry."
"Yeah.  Yes, hi," he greeted her, his hand raised in a half-hearted wave before he was even aware of making the gesture.
Dean jammed the phone between his ear and his shoulder as he flipped through the mail.  "
"Same time next week?" the receptionist asked kindly, and Dean nearly stood up and walked out there and then.
"You can't depend on me for the rest of your life.  What happens if Jess and I start a family, and I can't afford to help you out any more?"
"You know, it's nice having a bit of extra cash to do this."  He'd never bothered before about how much he spent on booze.  "Go out," he explained.
Cas looked up at him and smiled.  "Okay."
"He's in a bad place.  Has been ever since Dad died."  Sam seemed to hesitate.  "Did he...  Has he told you about that?"
Another job advert was struck off.
Dean's mouth went dry.
'rabbit food'."
"Or drunk," Dean echoed, chuckling.
talked me into this," Dean muttered petulantly, conveniently forgetting that he'd volunteered after Castiel's heavy hinting.  "It looks like the only rapping I can do is with song lyrics.  Not that I like rap music.  At all," he frowned.
Cas looked thoughtful for a moment.  "Ok," he said.  "So how about when you finish a session you come
* * *
to contribute."
"No!"
He was shivering despite feeling like he was burning, his body covered in sweat.  He tried to focus, his breathing fast and shallow as he tried to get himself orientated.  He was at home.  He was home.  He was alone, and there was no fire.
The building manager grinned.  "Just bring me the paperwork, and I'll get a new lease written up for you both to sign."
The moment gone, they ate in an uncomfortable silence for a minute before Cas gestured to the car Dean had been working on.  "That's a beautiful car."
"And?"
"This might sound like a cliché but... what was your childhood like?"
"Then when?"
Closing the bathroom door behind himself, Cas let out a slow breath.  He felt like he was walking on thin ice with Dean and he didn't want to push too far too fast.  Not when they'd come so far.  He knew what it was like to feel lost when your life suddenly changed direction.
to fall apart.  What he had with Cas was terrifying and new, but also the best damn thing that had ever happened to him.  Without him he'd never have cleaned up his act:  taking it easy on the drink and making amends with Sam; developing a social life and becoming a father to Ben.
* * *
"Why?"
"Dean Winchester, you are ridiculous," Cas declared with exasperated amusement.  "You may have gotten to the bottom of your discomfort, but that doesn't mean that you have to be ready to
he stated gruffly.  Why did Dean keep doing this to himself?
.  And I think Ben would, too."
"I'll be making pie."
Unfortunately it was like his treacherous brain
"So when did you last go out with these mystery friends of yours?" Jo asked lightly.
"And that's
Dean snorted and gave him a dirty look.  "Yeah, you do."
Immediately Jody's demeanor changed.  "Good," she smiled.  "Now I'll take that brick off your hands and you can board that window up."
"Oops is right," Dean said. "Come on – let's get out of here."
But Castiel just shook his head.
"Very well. If you're sure I can't get you anything else."
"And if you need to work extra hours at the library, then that's okay.  Just let me know if you won't be in."
have savings.  You could've asked me to give you a loan."
Dean eyed the space between them as he ate, wondering when the hell he and Cas got to being comfortable in each other's personal space and missing that aspect of their friendship.
"Your face is wet."
Castiel sat down and sighed.  "I don't know."
Then Castiel's lips were on his, insistent and demanding, and Dean could work with that.  His hands found Cas's thighs, stroking up and down.  A firm touch on soft denim, his thumb dragged across the creases in the fabric on each downward motion.  The scratch of stubble around his mouth as Cas kissed him was a new sensation, but not unpleasant.  As Castiel pulled away, Dean chased it with his own, capturing his bottom lip between his teeth.  A light scrape elicited a small groan from the depths of Cas's throat as he kissed Dean back with a renewed hunger.  A swipe of tongue, a knock of teeth, an intake of breath.  What Cas lacked in experience he made up for with his eagerness and, to Dean's surprise, there was also an unexpected eagerness rising between his legs.
for crying out loud.  They were watching a
"What, you've had enough?" Dean asked.  "I didn't think they were that bad."
"I'd rather have the hundred thousand."
"I'm just making conversation," Andy said, throwing his hands up defensively, a grin still on his face.
"I mean, what's she like?"
"No, it wasn't fair," he agreed.  "And I couldn't do it.  One time he ran away on my watch.  I looked everywhere for him.  I thought he was dead!  And when Dad came home..."  Dean trailed off, unwilling to recall the memory.
"This is based on a
"Needle."
what Cas thought, then screw him.  He knew that he was testing Castiel's patience, possibly even taking it for granted, but it's not like he was doing
"So, what – Cas is like the new and improved version of Castiel?"
Dean took an empty glass and filled it halfway up.  "That's half full."
Castiel racked his brain; he remembered being in the Impala...  Had Dean driven him home?  This didn't feel like the couch – was he in Dean's bed?  That wouldn't do.  He tried to sit up, but a warm, gentle hand on his chest easily persuaded him differently.
"Whatever. So what's the story this time, hmm? No, wait, let me guess – you're short on either your rent, or your electric bill. Which is it?"
"I did?"
"Of course.  I just wanted to check Dean was feeling alright - he's been a little off, the past few days."
"No, I mean...  You pick up women and you go home with them."
"Peachy," Dean croaked.
Cas shook his head in amusement.  His boyfriend was ridiculous...
"I didn't hear the magic word," Ellen teased, leaning forward with one eyebrow raised.
"That being said," Cas continued.  "Do you think there will ever be a time you don't push me away when I get too close?  Or rather, when
"To simply
want to see you, but I was afraid things wouldn't be like they used to be.  And I had stuff planned with my friends, but Mom said I could see them any time.  She said it was up to me, but I could tell she really wanted me to say yes."
"What is that?" Castiel asked, eyeing the black things suspiciously.
Castiel took that as a yes.  "I won't be long."
could read minds – or at least one mind.  Everything was hanging by a thread just as he felt like he was finally settling in.  It didn't help either that Bobby, despite his insistence that he didn't meddle in his employees' personal lives, kept asking if he and Dean were having "difficulties".
"I hope so, too," Cas agreed.
come from?"
"I'm sorry," Cas said seriously.
look old. But he was already imposing enough on Dean, who had already done so much for him. He sighed. Dean was stubborn enough that he
"No, Balthazar, you don't have to go just yet."
"Yes?"
"Your dad's a dick."
As much as Dean wanted to believe it - to believe that Bobby would be okay - a traitorous part of his brain asked,
He stopped when Dean waved a piece of paper at him, grinning like an idiot.
"How did you—"
Castiel was the first to speak.  "You tried to hit him."
Castiel couldn't understand, not without knowing the
"You're shaking – if you're cold just add more hot water. I didn't make it too hot, 'cause I didn't want you to go into shock."
"Diamond."
Dean huffed a laugh.  "Yeah.  Give me a minute."
"Because sometimes I make observations about things you say or do that I feel might be important to address in the future, or to help me understand where you're at mentally if you're being uncommunicative.  Sometimes people say the most when they say nothing at all."
Dean stopped, caught of guard.  "Where..."  He licked his lips.  "Where are you going?"
* * *
"You are strong, and kind, and loyal, which greatly outweighs your flaws.  No-one is perfect, but not everyone is as loving as you."
"Not bad," Dean nodded, looking over Cas's pumpkin.  "Not bad for a first attempt."
* * *
Somehow, his eyes met Castiel's in the mirror.
He left them dishes to drip dry and padded back to the living room.
"Dude, I'm dating her!" Andy laughed.  "Of course I think she's
Cas scooched closer and nestled his head in Dean's shoulder, laying a hand over his stomach.  "I'm glad he's enjoying himself."
"Have you been meditating?"
"Happy birthday, Dean."
"Mmm, these are nice," Dean said through a mouthful of food.
But Cas ignored his attempts at deflecting his praise and continued to enthuse about Dean's progress.  "You have come
"I wouldn't say that," Dean told her.  "Not yet, anyway."
"It's okay," Castiel said, holding up a hand to silence him.  "It's true.  But please refrain from calling my father a 'dick'.  That's just rude."
sex.  He hadn't even jacked off much the past couple of months because it felt wrong to look at his magazines when he was with Cas, and it felt weird to think about Cas when the guy was in his living room and he should be doing it
"It smells good."  Dean stood there, watching Cas as he tidied up after himself.  "Look, about last night...  Well, you know I'm not
Ben screwed his nose up.  "I hate buses."
Baby I'm your man
He ran his hands up Castiel's strong, hairy thighs, appreciating what all the jogging did for his body, before coming to a stop at his hips.  He rubbed his thumbs along Cas's very prominent hip bones, glancing up and finding himself awestruck by the sheer unabashed
"I'd rather wait a little longer, than take one step forward and two steps back when you regret moving too fast."
"No."
Castiel positively beamed.
"No, you don't have to—"
"I'll get them," Castiel said, moving for his own.
, depending on the discount they offered on the mattress.  He opened his mouth to ask, but Dean beat him to it.
was, so he whispered a prayer to God, hoping that He was listening.  Dean wasn't
"Son of a
There was something strange in his tone that Cas couldn't quite put his finger on.  He didn't dwell on it, though, instead letting out a bitter chuckle at the thought of them having a
"You hate baseball.  Which is shocking given it's one of America's favourite pastimes."
"No."
Dean took it as agreement when Castiel nodded. There were so many things he wanted to ask, but he wasn't good with words and he didn't want to insult him. An awkward silence fell between the two of them as he tried to find the right thing to say.
In their bed, Dean flinched.  He draped a protective arm over his eyes and grumbled something incoherently.
When he walked into the living room, the last thing he expected to see was his friend's naked ass greeting him over the arm of the sofa.
Dean had bought him, just the fact that he
Dean smirked.
"I got a hundred thousand dollars on my first go!"
"You can take care of yourself," Ellen told him.
"And nothing. Is this what you bought today?"
And it wasn't long after he'd suggested putting Cas's name on the lease, he realised.  What the hell had he been thinking?  And now they were planning to make it official, when they still hadn't dealt with all of their issues...  This was beginning to seem like a bad idea.
Dean looked down at himself.  "Yeah?" he said questioningly, unsure what Cas's problem was.  "I got scrubbed up and changed my overalls."
Dean ignored her, instead shrugging on a black leather jacket.
of it?  What if you wanted to buy something?"
of him?  He put on a show of looking warily at him.  "You're not going to start crying, are you?" he joked.
Cas froze, mouth suddenly dry.
"But I wanna call you.  If that's okay."
"Am I?"
If anyone asked him why he was talking to an empty house, he'd insist it was so that anyone walking by would think there was someone inside and would be discouraged from breaking in.  In truth, he'd read somewhere that plants responded positively to sound, and grew faster if you spoke to them.  Of course, if he ever got a houseplant of his own he'd never let Dean catch him talking to it - his boyfriend would think he'd gone mad.
"Well he seems in a better mood today, so I take it you sorted things out?"
* * *
At Cesar's surprise, Dean found himself wishing that he hadn't been so quick to correct them.
Castiel swallowed.
"I'm going to leave him alone.  I'm not going to open old wounds, and I don't want to cause any more friction between him and his girlfriend.  I think I've already upset her when I—"
Castiel shook his head.
"I don't think you're pathetic, Dean," he said, a hint of anger in his tone.  "I think you've cut yourself off from people for too long and I wanted to do something
Dean looked adorable when he blushed, Cas realised.  "Leave him alone," Cas smiled.  "Now where does this one go?"
up Cas's ass," Jo countered, a smug grin creeping onto her lips as Benny choked on his drink.
"My name's Castiel Milton, I'm a client of hers," he lied.
me, and he stands by me, and he always tries to make me see the
He looked in the fridge, seeing the several bottles of beer lying on the shelves, and for a moment considered pouring them all down the sink.  But he knew that Dean would then go out, if he was truly set on getting drunk, and he'd rather Dean got drunk where he could watch over him.  Reluctantly he took the beer through to Dean, who took it without so much as a thank you.
"You didn't know?"
Dean shook his head sadly . "You're a terrible friend," he said deadpan and threw the grey t-shirt at him.  "Try that."
," Dean said, nevertheless cutting into his food.  He was starving.  "Eh meh Goh ass goo!"
"Uh, yeah."
"All I came in here for was a coffee," Dean protested, dumping the cables back on Cas's lap.
He kissed Cas, who took several small steps away until the backs of his legs found the sofa.  He sat down, Dean straddling his legs as their lips never parted.
And he had long dark eyelashes to match the dark stubble - eyelashes that suddenly flicked up, as if aware of Dean's thought process, to reveal bright blue eyes that turned to look at him.
his urges.  His stomach knotted as he tried not to think of his actions in the shower that morning.
Cas slid his palms up Dean's chest, one resting over his heart.  "I'm glad."
"Are you drunk?"
Dean grinned, and Benny relaxed enough to laugh again.
.  "I'm not Dean," Cas pointed out.
he reminded himself.
"Maybe.  Maybe not.  Maybe your immune system is stronger than mine."
"Thank you."  The bottle made a squelching sound as he squeezed it, splattering red sauce across the worktop.
Castiel managed a smile at that, but then his face fell as a thought occurred to him. "But I have no money, so I can't—"
As those strong arms dropped and he stepped away again, however, Dean burst the happy bubble that had swelled up inside Cas.  "Besides, you didn't hear what that guy was saying," Dean told him.
Castiel moved over to the drying rack and hung his t-shirt over it. It would be nice to have a couple more t-shirts, he admitted to himself, for then he wouldn't have to wash them as frequently. And the ones he had
"It's not an issue," Dean said, and it was mostly true.  "I wasn't at my best, then, and she did what was best for her and Ben.  I can't blame her for that."
"Thank you," Castiel said quietly, not turning round from where he was washing up.
Reaching out to cup her neck, he drew her closer and pressed a gentle kiss to her forehead.  She let him lean into her, closing her eyes and wondered what thoughts were churning around in his head.  He'd never been very articulate in his emotions in the years she'd known him, and he was clearly struggling with something.  But, when his lips found hers, she quickly pulled away.
* * *
"Well someone has to be." Dean immediately realised his mistake when Castiel turned away from him. His stomach clenched as he watched Castiel look down at the swirling river. "Look, uh, I'm not really good with the whole talking thing, I know that – but if you want to talk I can listen?" he pressed desperately.
"No.  They said it could be a few weeks before they make a decision.  They have a number of people to interview, and they aren't doing them all at once."
Castiel smiled a little and motioned for Dean to turn around again. Cas needed a music lesson, and he needed one
"Why do I feel like you'd be exactly the same?" Cas retorted fondly, immediately regretting referencing Dean's past.
"Don't talk about things you don't understand!"
He delved into the box once again, pulling out a wooden 'D' painted red and decorated with holly and ivy.  The paint was chipping from where other ornaments had knocked against it over the years.  His vision swam as he saw, in his mind's eye, his mother hanging it on the tree.  She'd bought it for his first Christmas, and he remembered her telling him that they'd go shopping soon to buy one for Sam.
, Cas?"
Castiel rolled his eyes.  "It's a nice day," he said, getting back on topic.
"Don't look at me like that," Dean grumbled as he grabbed the dish towel.
"It's a shame he never appreciates it when we throw him a birthday party.  The big three-oh this year."
Cas didn't answer.
ass had looked like that when I was his age," Bobby muttered to himself as he walked away.
Dean let himself be led over to a chair where he sat down, only realising when he went to take the offered form and pen that he was clenching Castiel's coat tightly in his hands.
"Afternoon," he replied gruffly.
"I'm going back to university!" Cas exclaimed happily.
.  "I just...
"And you wouldn't have
"What do you mean, 'what did we see'?" Dean echoed sceptically.  "We only went to the mall."
"I have a date with my textbooks," Castiel replied coolly, filling the blender with the roasted vegetables and chopped chillies.
Thank you for loving me..."
"Bobby calls me Cas," Castiel pointed out.
Dean chuckled, and his breath was warm on the back of Castiel's neck.  He shivered.
"Got a hug for your old friend?"
"I thought we were fully booked?" Dean asked, turning back to Cas.
Castiel sat with the mess of cables in his lap and slowly started to untangle them, one by one, while Andy moved the piles of papers onto the floor and set the computer out on the desk.
Castiel bit his lip as he took in Dean's sincerity.  Dean truly believed he was doing the right thing, and he'd never let Cas down, so reluctantly he stepped out of the car and the two of them made their way to the door, Cas keeping several steps behind.
"Why?"
"Then what is it about?"
To his surprise - though he didn't know
"Are you ready?" he asked.
While Cas retreated to the living room, Dean filled the sink with hot, soapy water as Ben cleared the table.
"That didn't seem to be your opinion at the time.  You wanted to count my toes, and your own, to make sure we both had ten."
"I think this is even better than
"Cas," he said again, moving to shake the guy's shoulder.
"Fuck off, dude!" Dean snapped, moving to stand beside Cas.  "What - you haven't got a life of your own so you need to mock his?"
"Dean, what I feel is
"I'm good," he told himself, wiping a hand down his face.  "I'm good."
Cas frowned teasingly.  "Did you just Han Solo me?"
* * *
Lisa had done a good job raising Ben - largely on her own, Dean acknowledged to himself.  When he'd been living with her, he'd been impressed with the way she handled situations that arose.  He hadn't always made the
He wasn't switching teams, damn it!  Liking Cas didn't make him
"When did you get a tie?" he asked.
.  He made an effort with you yesterday because he wants the two of you to be friends.  I'm..."  Dean's tongue darted out, tracing across his lower lip.  "I'm important to him, and you're important to me.  That means
be - their money's just as green as anyone else's."
Jo pouted as she considered it.  "It makes good business sense."
Pamela chose that moment to rejoin them and Dean's smile faded.
"Yeah, yeah, I'm coming," Dean told him, heaving himself off the sofa.  "Where are we going?"
"That's quite alright," he said stiffly.  "But perhaps Dean is right.  I shouldn't have answered without Dean's consent.  I just wanted to ensure you wouldn't say anything to Ellen or Ash."  While he understood Dean's need for time, and also valued their privacy, a  part of him just wanted to shout from the rooftops that he was in love and he was happy.
"If you want a double you can buy it on your own round," Bobby grumbled, heaving himself up and following Ellen over to the bar.
"Then
awful?"
Okay, he knew how it happened - he'd wanted to watch
"I loved my brother – of course I did, for he was my kin – but I never loved him as much as you clearly love Sam. He is very lucky to have a brother like you."
It shouldn't be something he'd consider, but he was trying to be
"You can still change your mind."
Dean looked in his bottle as he swirled the dregs of his drink around.  Castiel's words were making him feel slightly shallow.  "Yeah.  No, I get that."
Castiel said nothing.
"Most of the time."
"Dean."
Dean stared at him, but his eyes were unfocused - almost like he was looking through him.
Ben shrugged.
"Laundry.  Packing.
Dean peppered his lips and chin and cheeks with desperate kisses.  "I need you," Dean breathed into his mouth.
"It was just a bit of harmless fun," he told Dean.  "A joke."
could be better," he admitted angrily; angry at
"You are
"That's what I said.  I don't know how much thought he's put into it."
the sports pages. They were as different as chalk and cheese, but he thought that, for some reason, they seemed to balance each other out.
"Nothing," Cas told him seriously.
"I don't know.  Nothing.  Just that you're not exactly going to
Dean turned his head slightly, towards Cas but not quite looking at him.
But there was something that Ben wanted.
shut it in, right?"
"Early.  Go back to sleep."
"He has nowhere else to go."
"But I told him that if I wanted
"So is this like... a date?" Dean asked uncertainly.
"I can't lie to Lisa for you," Cas said, sounding torn.  "Ben needs to come first."
mag. What do you expect?" He felt uncomfortable that Castiel had called him a
"I should damn well hope so," Dean smirked.  "But as for Balthazar, are we... are we even dating?  Because I'm pretty sure we haven't been on any dates."
!  Dean Winchester just didn't have a problem getting it up for the pretty girls, and this one had been
Castiel opened and closed his mouth.  "Everything," he said eventually.  "You're not perfect, and neither am I."
they managed to find him again.
"A date's a date.  What do
Cas stepped closer, palms against Dean's chest.  "Why would I ever leave," he asked, as Dean's hand ghosted down his back to rest on his lower back, just above the curve of his ass, "when everything I want is right here?"
and he was making progress - not that Cas would know much about that, because Dean hadn't told him anything.
"Hello, Sam."
"Can you please do more than shrug at me, Dean?  Even if it's just to tell me that you don't know."
"Can you please go to bed?" Cas asked him quietly, and Dean hated how small his voice sounded as he asked him that.
"What?" Dean asked innocently.
The decorations were the awkward part - they were in the back of the stair cupboard so he had to drag everything out, hitting his head on the underside of the stairs several times, before he could finally drag the box out.  Too annoyed by this point to be bothered putting everything back in properly, he just shoved the stuff in haphazardly and closed the door.  He'd have to drag it all out again in a few weeks time anyway.
"You don't want something... a little
"I know.  But you don't
"Yep."
"No idea.  All I know is it's not just Cas."
"Cas is fine," Castiel assured him. "It's nice, actually – sometimes I feel that Castiel sounds too... I don't know... stuck-up, for want of a better word. Too serious, too formal, almost. My father told me to stop being so stupid and vain, and to accept and be grateful for the name he and my mother gave me. So I've always been 'Castiel'."
and I should stop but I don't
Dean took another sullen gulp of his drink.
doctor and nurse that came in.  Even the guys," he added, looking meaningfully at Castiel.
"Me?"  Cas let out a choked laugh.  "I'm not the only one being 'weird'."
fault.  Not yours."
"I got her back!" he declared with a grin.  "I had to beg and plead with Sheriff Mills to let me have her back today, and I'll have to fix the damn tail light on my lunch break tomorrow, but at least she's going to be back home."
"Yeah."
"Hard's good," Dean agreed, lying on the second mattress.  "It doesn't sag as quickly as something softer."  He bounced a little.  Rolled over and propped himself up on his elbows, showing off the curve of his ass.
"Are w—  Are you alright?"
Castiel let Dean sway him from side to side, feeling like an idiot.
, he thought, getting to his feet to retrieve it.  But that small act of violence was almost cathartic, so instead he picked up his plate and threw it, too.  It smashed into several pieces, the burger landing on the floor with a
that can be good."
"No."
"I love you," Sam told Eileen, doubling down on his feelings by communicating them through ASL as well.
"Okay."
Dean all but flinched at the word 'couple'.  "You're the one who said it didn't
Dean slowly drifted into consciousness, gradually becoming aware that he was not on his bed.  The mattress beneath him was thin, and the bunk hard.  Blinking several times, he willed the pounding in his head to subside.  As the plain ceiling above him slowly came into focus, he wondered just how everything had gotten so fucked up.
"You know that's all you were, too?" Gordon taunted him.  "A charity case?  Singer took you in out of
"If you've got something to say about Cas, or me, you say it to my face!" he spat furiously.
Castiel frowned and tilted his head in uncertainty.
He heard the doctor walk away, and he wiped his face angrily as he thought of all the things he wanted to do to that son of a bitch who'd put Castiel in here in the first place.  Digging his hand into his pocket, he called the only person he could.
