"He had special privileges sir. This way." She took the phone.
Sherlock smiled. He spun around, his black coat billowing. "Come on. That lead I told you about? It's the genuine thing and I know exactly where they're going to be tonight. If we leave now, we'll catch them just before they leave London."
John padded blindly towards the kitchen. He felt his way with his feet. "You break laws all the time!"
The medics nodded and hefted Sherlock's gurney up into the ambulance, which promptly sped away.
She went into her apartment building and Sherlock watched her go. He turned around and started the long walk home. It was dusk and London began to glow.
He flopped down on his own un-made bed and dialed his phone again:
John's face was twisted in agony. "No! No, this…it's not supposed to happen like this." He seized Sherlock's lapels to keep him sitting up. "I was supposed to save you from the pill. It's supposed to be
“My career was ruined. My future was in the toilet. I had no sense of self. I didn’t know who I was or what I’d do. I was just this useless cripple with a pension until you swept in and gave my life meaning and purpose.” Then John’s mouth was on Sherlock’s mouth, gently pressing, gently sucking his bottom lip.
"People are judging you."
right now?”
“Because breakfast is the most important meal of the day and quite frankly, you look underfed.”
polite to say such things,
Sherlock sat up. "Don't think that because I'm concerned about John that I can't be a good boyfriend. I can take care of you. You won't need to work. I have a trust fund." His eyes lit up. "Hey, you want a job? John's homophobia has made him inadequate as an assistant. I can't speak to him without fear he will do me physical harm. He has no desire to share my company any longer and as he's positioning yourself to advance his relationship with his girlfriend, I'm sure he'll move out any day. My flat has two bedrooms, so you can either keep one for yourself for privacy or you can..."
John blinked. "Well. Wait. Wait a minute."
, on the floor, his brains on  the carpet and
I really just...wanted to write more of this. I hope it doesn't utterly ruin it.
"I didn't think you would," Mycroft said. "Which is why he was released on his own recognizance pending a hearing. However, I wasn't going to allow him to come here. No. He's in a car outside. I had my people pick him up when we read your text messages." Mycroft's tone changed. "Brother. Did he
Sherlock was not capable of looking John in the eye.  "Please leave." There was no anger in his voice. He couldn't possibly  be angry when he felt so sick. He felt eyes all over his body, judging  him. He was naked.
Like Shrodinger's cat, John was alive and dead for as long as Sherlock kept his eyes closed.
it already." He said it with a kind of disappointment and hopeless  disgust, as if deductions ought to only be directed at commoners,  criminals and strangers guilty of anything, and now Sherlock was somehow  lumped in with the rest of them, dull and predictable and drained of  importance. Sex made people ordinary.
meddling! How did you find out about my wife?! And what business is it of
. Harry…"
Sarah whirled around and walked  backwards, wanting to face John but unwilling to stop. "Can you hear  yourself? Are you out of your
very familiar with
John suddenly spun around. “Why are
Lestrade put his hands on  John's shoulders to steady him. "I think you should go in there and say  hello to your best friend and tell him you're glad he's alive. That's  what I'm gonna do."
“Here’s one,” Sherlock announced immediately. “Cheating spouse.”
you? He wasn't drunk then. He was just being spiteful."
"It's okay…," John assured him timidly.
After much internal deliberation, Sherlock settled on a silk, green-and-black shirt. It enhanced the subtle red tinges in his hair, warmed his skin tone and paired nicely with his most flattering suit. He usually preferred a monochrome palette­­ (the unsettling affects of his stark pallor on clients and criminals wasn’t lost on him and, indeed, if they saw him as inhuman, he welcomed their trepidation), but today he wanted to be as appealing and non-threatening as possible.
Sherlock said kindly, “John. John, I’m sorry. Are they sure? Many causes of male sterility can be reversed by simple behavioral modifications or surgery…”
"I'm  ready to talk."
"That our friendship wasn't real," John continued, "And that I lured you to some dark end in that pool. I understand. It's okay. That must have been a terrible experience for you. But obviously, Sherlock, I didn't lie to you. I really was and am your friend. I'm not some killer. I'm exactly who I say I am. Our friendship is real. Everything that's ever happened between us is real. And that happened years and years ago. It means nothing now."
"I wish you were my brother. I wish I knew you my  whole life. I wish you were around when I had difficult, frightening  times so I could run into your room and spill my guts to you and listen  while you say something spectacular and effortless and know in my heart  you have my back. Because that's all I would ever need. I could do  anything if you loved me. I could tell my mother and father how it  really is. I could carry my head up high, tell every rotten kid who  called me a freak that I'm not ashamed and
Sherlock stood in confusion, blinking, a thousand threads of thought streaming through his consciousness at once. John was considering…
Sherlock felt his stomach sink down to the floor. He glanced away, licking his lips pensively.
The younger Sherlock's cheek twitched, a brief mournful smile at the corner of his mouth. "You could have gone back to that day. Just prevented John from saving me."
“What does that mean?”
Sherlock didn't answer. He didn't appreciate other people making awkward stabs at deduction.
Not physics.
Sherlock dropped his text books and sank to his knees, unable to breathe. "John."
The male nurse grabbed Sherlock firmly again and before Sherlock could respond, two other nurses came from behind and grabbed his other arm, one under the armpit and one by the wrist. "Stop!" Sherlock shouted, his knees giving, making the nurses drag him. He kicked furiously. "No! I don't want to see him! He isn't welcome, you understand? Get off me!"
Sherlock's looked sick. "I thought I could be subtle, but I couldn't have been more obvious."
"The last time I saw Sherlock, I pushed  him down a flight of stairs," John said, exasperated. "I
The following morning, Sherlock was the most petulant and childish John had ever seen.
But Sherlock had already gone limp. He sank down in his chair, his head falling to the side. He was only dimly clinging to consciousness, and whatever awareness remained in him was overwhelmed by the pain of his melting organs, his nervous system too compromised to allow him to even scream out in pain. He desperately wanted to reach out for John, as he was afraid, but his arms were as distant and numb and separated from his perception as he was from his past lives. As his breathing stilled and his blood and brain were deprived rapidly of oxygen, he quickly forgot his own name and the events that brought him to this moment. He was only aware of his fear and the dark and helpless sinking, drowning feeling as he was swallowed by nothing, nothing, painful, crushing nothing.
many loose ends out there. For every drug dealer, for every smuggler, murder, kidnapper, blackmailer caught and put away over the years, there were
, you'll like him.' He was so tickled." She laughed a little.
Then he cleaned 221b from top to bottom. He straightened everything, dusted and vacuumed and scoured the kitchen and the bathroom and removed any trace of the offensive message scrawled on the mirror. He meticulously gathered every shard of wood from Sherlock's destroyed violin and deposited them and the rest of its mangled wreckage into its case, which he locked and put aside beneath the coffee table. He cleaned all the dishes gathered in the sink and put them away. He emptied the fridge of everything,
"There's no point," Sherlock said at last. "Nothing will be different. It will be exactly as it is. Won't it?"
lipstick. He'd forgotten it was still there. He rolled it around in his fingers, squeezing until the ache passed.
It was all instinct, all of it, and Sherlock ought to feel repulsed. Human behavior was riddled with unconscious motivation, sub-conscious longings, flight-or-fight-or-fuck impulses left over from their inferior monkey ancestors. He’d learned over time that all human grief was the result of those feelings, the result of weak brains, undisciplined minds, unwilling to suppress what evolution had not yet eliminated from their imperfect bodies. Murder, rape, theft, kidnapping, fighting, war, hate…all of it was emotional, none of it logical, and that’s what made most criminals hopelessly beneath him. Even the master criminal class had their weaknesses, their cravings for glory, for attention. Even Sherlock felt the ache sometimes. No one was spared.
"I'm going to stay in," John said, engrossed in a website. "Think I'll put on tea and watch the news."
Sherlock breathed, feeling his ears burn.
Sherlock waited expectantly, ready to burst with excitement. "Come on, now. Get up. Get showered. The Game awaits."
“Sitting in here until I heard a noise by the front door."
As the coffee pot began to percolate, Sherlock returned to his chair. He settled in and stared at the laptop screen, his fingers threaded together, his lips pressed against his hands. He was thinking about where he left off.
John cleared his throat. The betrayal must have been written all over his face. He tried to swallow it back.
" All at once, he felt himself trembling with emotion. "Fake the sex. Smile for the photos. Watch the kids grow up and then wait for me to die.
Sherlock scrambled up to John, slipping on the floor, hooking his arm’s under John’s and practically dragged him back down the hall.  Pictures on the wall danced, dust and plaster were falling from the ceiling. Startled from his stupor, John ran head-long with Sherlock as fast as he could, both men gripping each other in sheer terror, tripping over themselves in a tangle of limbs. They crawled into the sitting room on their hands and knees.
He stared at the screen for a while.
has to be. And…well…I…”
John looked at Mrs. Hudson. "Sherlock and Molly aren't
"Good morning, Sherlock."
? It gets  better. It really does." She laughed humorlessly.  She tossed the bottle of pills in the waste bin.
John jumped up in a huff. “Oh, that’s ridiculous! Sherlock, come back here and clean that up!”
John almost leapt out of his chair. He erupted, "You think I came on to you because I have PTSD?!"
John  came home in the early morning while it was still dark out, presumably  because he tried to spend the night at Sarah's. But John never called  and didn't answer any of his texts.
Sarah had gone to bed. John remained up,  sitting at Sarah's kitchen table in the dark. His untouched cup of tea  was cold in front of him. Partly, he was awake because he wasn't sure if  he was welcome in bed. If he crawled beside her and was ejected from  her warmth, he…he wasn't sure what he might do.
“John doesn’t know that I’ve contacted you,” he told her. “It’s John I want to talk to you about.”
“What if…I
that house. He refused to live there.
"Nana's kitchen," Sherlock said, eyes unfocused. "It was cobalt blue. The tiles had Dutch patterns. It had a distinct smell. She lived by the ocean, you see. Even though she died in 1989 and my parents sold her house, I still remember the smell of her kitchen, salty and decaying house plants, earthy….and sometimes I smell that smell in a parking lot or…really, places where it doesn't belong and there's
"You just said it," Mycroft said, buttoning his coat.  "You hit the nail on the head. You
Rosie was screaming in her bassinette. John reached for her, rolling over onto his back and holding her tight.
Sherlock pressed his hands together and rested his fingers on his mouth. "Harry?"
John's head dropped and he muttered, "
In which John's manhood is brought into question and Sherlock proves his own.
quiet:  "What?"
Sherlock wanted to rip his hair out.
time and effort to be replaced. Damaged side-kicks are a dime a dozen, apparently.
sex in your own life, the better you would become. After all, monks and scholars had discovered the same thing, which is why they took vows of celibacy. They redirected the energy otherwise wasted on vestigial, sexual impulses into more meaningful pursuits, like science and philosophy."
favors the surrogate mother that even in cases when another woman's egg is used to conceive, the baby's legal mother still remains the surrogate. And,  by the way, if the surrogate is married, her
common
threw it away. If John isn't on the cameras, then someone else threw it away for him."
The whole flat had shuddered with the force of it. John’s gun on the table had rattled. Across the hall in the dining room, the chandelier crystals jingled lightly, and now it swayed. And her bassinet, Rosie whimpered, awakened, and began to cry.
at Scotland Yard."
In his final days, Sherlock couldn't rise from his bed.
They turned onto Baker Street. The air was damp and Sherlock knew it was probably going to thunderstorm again tonight. For the moment, though, the dark clouds were far in the distance.
“No, I don’t know. What?”
Molly's face was infinitely sad.
John. And I’ll never forget it. It was my own brother. He’s an asshole. A prick. A selfish, self-centered, skirt-chasing, misogynistic asshole.” Harry sighed. “One that I’m ready to forgive once and for all and move on with my life.”
Sherlock felt betrayed. He put his hands squarely in his own lap and looked straight ahead.
Sherlock sputtered, feeling his skin burning where oil clung to his flesh. He peeled off his gloves, his goggles, and threw them both to the floor. For a moment, he was in so much pain, he couldn’t think or move.
Sherlock didn’t know what to say.
John was aghast. “Please tell me this is a metaphor. I know you’re a damaged genius and if this is how you parse out your emotions, I’m fine with that. But Sherlock. You can’t honestly expect me to believe you’ve
John said, "It's just a life time of hiding a drinking problem lends itself to telling lies compulsively, even when she doesn't have to. She makes up vicious stories about people to get sympathy. Like, before she divorced Clara, she told me that Clara was cheating on her, but really Harry was the one cheating on Clara."
The  door opposite John opened suddenly. Mycroft slid in, shutting the door  as he settled.
"Why?"
Donovan made a small hum of desire. "Coffee," she murmured. "Coffee sounds good."
Sherlock didn't need to work, never had. After Mycroft died of pancreatic cancer, Sherlock found himself rich again. He tried giving his money away to Mrs. Hudson, but she died almost immediately after; a stroke. Sherlock was surprised to discover that Mrs. Hudson had children, children she left 221 Baker Street to, but they couldn't decide who was going to get the property and they squabbled. Sherlock offered to buy it and the kids (they weren't kids, they were much older than him) jumped on Sherlock's offer, splitting the money between them, and now Sherlock had a home forever and a modest income from the other tenants.
“John!”
. I couldn't just let Harry
"I can't contaminate my results by giving you information!" the old man snapped indignantly. "Tell me what happened, if
Sherlock said, “And he came to you, looking for lodging, and you gave him your phone instead. To rub it in.”
"Yeah," John confirmed, stepping close. He regarded the DI  awkwardly for a moment. They knew each other well by now, but he  instinctively drew close, as if he meant to shake hands. But they were  too familiar now for formal greetings and John paused, not sure what to  do.
Lestrade and Molly were drawn towards them and in a moment, a little silent procession marched down the hall towards Sherlock's room. Mrs. Hudson, Mycroft, Lestrade and Molly.
“Oh, God, Sherlock. I don’t want any other man. I just want you.”
Sherlock shifted uncomfortably. “I’ve called John ‘stupid’ out of frustration. And I don’t believe you’d call John a ‘spineless shit’ out of affection.”
Sherlock looked deeply pleased.
Sherlock took the laptop and rested it against his chest. "Yes. I want to stay."
“The electric grid is over-burdened,” Billy said, handing Sherlock a menu. “There’s scattered power outages all over the city. People are taking shelter from the heat where they can.”
“Yes.
John shoulder's sank. So
John put his hands on his hips, silent. Fuming.
John licked his lips and shook his head. "Yeah." He stood up.
"Well, whatever," Sherlock scoffed. "I'd rather have a brother who loves me than reliable assistant."
would know, so that
“Yes, quite frankly,” Sherlock said.
“John’s seen it, like…a couple hundred times. He had this friend, an army buddy, who’d send John these over-the-top military family reunion videos every time they had a leave. I don’t think he sent it to John specifically, I think he emailed this things to everyone in his unit, with a message like, ‘Wishing everyone a happy homecoming!’ or something like that.”
Sherlock's body had always just been transport, but now he was acutely aware that his transport was failing, and his great big brain had very little time left. And the toll of mind-traveling (that's how he had come to think of it, ‘mind-traveling’) was obvious now: he'd developed a brain tumor. Nothing to be done about it. If anything, it was a relief.
them?  You told them Sherlock was in a psychiatric center?"
"I'm serious."
John hesitated. "In an adoption, yes. But I haven't ruled out surrogacy yet. I have an appointment tomorrow to test my sperm count."
“You’ve told me,” John interrupted. “A few times. And you were high.”
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
Sherlock said, "I think I have to go. I think the orderlies are going to sedate me."
Sherlock kept his eyes still. "I promise I  won't let your spontaneous gesture of hostility go to my head." He  paused thoughtfully, continuing to speak against his will: "Still. Since  my homosexuality became common knowledge, you are the only person who  has defended my honor."
Sherlock dismissed.
happened. This is very important."
John continued pointedly, "Children don't exist to fawn over their parents and obey their every command and turn out how you expect them to. They're their own little souls and you are supposed to make sure they survive to adulthood. And if you're really, really lucky…after all the money and the time and the skinned knees and broken fingers and bicycle accidents and the report cards and school plays and the fighting and the growth spurts and the sports and the graduations…maybe they'll even turn out decent. You know? Maybe they won't be rapists and serial killers and bigots. Maybe, they'll even be kind. Maybe they'll be able to fend for themselves and not have road rage and not skip out on the bill. Maybe they'll tip alright and be able to stand in line patiently at the bank. Maybe they'll do something nice for a stranger. That's all you can ask. Because the hardest thing about kids is seeing that they grow up to be
Sherlock reached out a steadying hand. He felt terrible. “Now, John. John, I want you to calm down and think about what you’ve been doing. You’re being irrational and...I understand, I really do…but you have to calm down and…and
"Excuse me," Mycroft announced, unexpectedly pleasant, as he entered the visitor's center proper, clasping his hands in front of him. "I know you're all anxious to see Sherlock, but I'm afraid you're going to have to wait just a little longer. Please make yourselves comfortable."
Molly didn't like his silence. "Sherlock?"
Sherlock's head slowly turned, fully engaged, with an expression of surprise.
But two customers ahead of them was a girl wearing sparkly denim shorts with a child in tow, a small toddler, and the toddler suddenly started throwing a loud temper tantrum. Within minutes, his little pink face was swollen and wet. He hung from the girl’s wrist, wrenching his arm back and forth. The girl pointedly ignored him, and carried on with her order, like she had no idea what her child was doing, even as the other patrons suffered through the ear-splitting crying. Eventually, the child managed to escape the girl’s grasp and threw himself on the floor, kicking and screaming. The girl stepped over her son, picked up her order calmly. Almost as an afterthought, she bent down and yanked him back up by his upper arm, eliciting a shock yelp form the child, who’s crying now ratcheted into panicked shrieking. She dragged him out of the deli and once the door shut behind her, the store fell into an eerie silence and everyone looked relieved.
"Yeah right. She moved in first."
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
"No," Sherlock said, matter-of-fact. "We're agreeing to make a life-long commitment. This isn't the sort of thing we should blindly jump into without thoroughly discussing…”
He wanted to consider that if he and John…accepted this route, it wouldn’t be the two of them anymore, Harry would be there, too. Even if she surrendered the baby fully to their custody after the pregnancy, she would always be part of their lives. Unlike a commercial surrogate they could thank and part ways with permanently, Harry wouldn’t just vanish.  She would always be there…at every holiday, every birthday, even if she was playing the part of the Aunt, everyone would really understand who and what she was. And unable to sever the connection between mother and child, Sherlock and John would have a home divided.  What started out in Sherlock’s imagination as something between him and John would become a group affair, something he’d have to share with a third party.
Molly balked and backed up a few steps, but John remained in her personal space, following her.
"John," Sherlock said cautiously, "I only asked because…"
Sherlock said, “I don’t want pancakes.”
“Ok, you’re scaring me. What’s the likelihood that something actually is going to happen?”
"I don't know if
Sherlock finished his bottle and opened one more. John emptied his and had another three, and when Sherlock didn’t finish his second bottle, John took it and finished it for him. When that wasn’t enough, John went up to his bedroom and came down with a small hip flask. It was metal with cheap imitation leather and a buckle that read “Clara & Harriet – July 1
He put some of his things in storage. His most valuable possessions he gave to Harry for safe keeping, carefully dodging her attempts to forcefully make him live with her. He spent his days searching for work and not finding any, and he spent his nights in the company of other former soldiers. John was at home.
Harry smiled in rich satisfaction. “No. But when he was invalidated and he found out Clara and I were divorcing, he had this look on his face. He knows I know.”
Harry didn’t flinch, her customer-service smile staying right where it was. “You’re projecting.”
for your disappointing life. Maybe if he hadn’t been such a model young man, your parents wouldn’t have been so outraged when you came out as a lesbian. It’s possible they cut you off from financial support. And I suppose your drinking and failed marriage is John’s doing, somehow, too. Along with your boring, corporate job you secretly hate.” He inched forward. “After a life-time of feeling victimized and ostracized, you were
"What you mean? Without insulting someone?"
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
"You didn't call him, did you?"
John said, "We should be in love with each other."
Sherlock said in a hushed voice.
child, after all.” He tossed the pillow aside and rocked up into a sitting position, jumped up front he couch and sauntered across the sitting room.  He was feeling so good, he thought he might even procure his
have any. Guess it’s good I don’t have a wife, right? I don’t have anyone to break the bad news to.”
John let Sherlock go on, going into the little kitchen and flicked on just one light over the sink, mindful of Rosie’s bedroom just beside the kitchen. “I’m brewing that coffee. You coming now?”
"No, you're being patient and polite," John sulked, "Which
"I mean, I'm really..." John sputtered. "I  don't know where that came from…I didn't mean to say that."
Willis said smugly, "Exactly."
John.
and I’m not coming back!
John stood next to Sherlock. “Its not real.”
But what was he to do? He could not climb the stairs to 221b ever again. His John was gone. That John upstairs was not his John.
When  Sherlock finally got his phone back at 7:00pm, charged,
John looked at Sherlock in dread.
Sherlock considered the word somberly.
The car lazily drifted to the side of the road and  came to a halt. The doors unlocked sharply. The driver exited the  vehicle. John followed the man with his eyes as he circled around to  John's door.
hurt me." He looked up at Lestrade pointedly. "He hurt me. He betrayed me, he broke my confidence, and he attacked me when I was at my most vulnerable. He left me so shaken, I thought…." Sherlock's voice trailed off. He resumed typing. "I thought I was on fire."
place, anyone outside looking in could see him clearly, but they were invisible to him. He could see nothing through the back door window but black night.  He knew there was a path, knew there was an old fence and a gate beyond, but there might as well be an empty void into the Nothing. There might as well be someone standing right there.
John never had a chance.
As he shouldered his way through the crowd, Sherlock passed street vendors with newspaper headlines that decried global warming and the deaths of elderly citizens who lacked air conditioning, hospitals clogged with people suffering from heat exhaustion.
, and it should have been left to the police, just like John said and they shouldn't ever have bothered with that case.
baby.
Sherlock waited for Lestrade to settled back down, then he re-read over all he had written. He typed more. He stopped. He re-read. He typed some more. He erased. Re-wrote. Re-read. Typed.
“Yes. A woman.”
Sherlock took a deep breath. “Harry. Your brother John and I want to have a baby. Would you please be our surrogate mother?”
"Molly can explain it better," Sherlock said. He typed away.
John plucked the gun from Sherlock’s hand. “Remind me to never let you borrow this again,” he said, checking the magazine and returning the clip with a satisfying
. He wanted to conquer his own sexuality, deny it.  Subdue it. He couldn't. He felt betrayed by his own body. So he painted  his face like a
"Are you medicated?" Molly inquired.
from the chemistry set in the kitchen to the evidence bags collecting on every flat surface,
. Thanks for that, by the way, thank you for future-dumping me. Probably in mid-life or later, when my middle went soft and my face started to sag. Probably with a mortgage. And a baby. Or worse, a
How long was this supposed to go on? Sherlock swallowed, not wanting to do the wrong thing, either socially or for the psyche of his mourning flat mate. He wanted it to be over immediately. But he felt like before there could be denouement, there ought to be a proper
The older Sherlock thought a moment. Then he answered, "I have carefully considered many scenarios. If John had not intervened on that day and shot the cabbie, you would have swallowed that pill to whatever end. Now I am intervening on John's behalf and setting the world right."
"You as well," Sherlock said numbly.
He was going to meet with John’s sister, Harry Watson, and convince her that his genes were worthy of hers, negotiate the use of her reproductive organs, produce offspring, then part on amicable terms.
John thought,
Molly's apartment was small, cluttered, and retained a faint cat-smell, much like the rest of her life. Toby the tabby was curled in her lap as she sat in front of her desktop, scrolling through help wanted ads online, updating her resume when her phone began to jingle.
"I'm  allowing you
Sherlock licked his lips, eyes unfocused, retreating into a long-gone memory: "I...remember holding out the memory stick. I remember. I couldn't move. I remember the things you said, the things Moriarty made you say...so vividly. But. I remember it
"Because…why? Because I'm unsuitable somehow?" Sherlock strutted back towards John, turning his body around like a preening peacock. "Men and women far more unsavory and boring than I have become parents and are legally entrusted to raise innocent children by the mere coincidence of being biologically related. I think as far as individuals go, I'm extraordinary. I can contribute!"
Sherlock took the seat and held up his bottle to his friend. John ‘clinked’ his bottle with Sherlock. “To you, John Watson.”
like it."
When John didn't see Harry to pick up his pension check, Harry called around. No one knew where John was. After her frantic prompting, the police used gps to locate John's phone, which they found in a rubbish bin in Russell Square Gardens. There was no sign of John and none of the local people recognized him from a photograph.
"It was  probably humiliating for him," Mycroft contemplated. "But he took the  advice, purchased what was recommended for him and came home." Mycroft  lifted his hand and dragged his index finger across the word. It did not  smear. "At least a week ago. Maybe longer." He casually rubbed his  forefinger and thumb together. "He wanted to be pretty when he died."
Sherlock  watched her, the smile slowly fading on his face.
John  felt part of himself melt at the physical contact. He contemplated the  human species and how touch spoke volumes in the homo-sapien tribe. In  response, he put an arm around Lestrade's shoulder and pulled him into a  half-hug, hoping he wasn't overstepping the boundaries of male  friendship. After all, this day had all the makings of one big  embarrassment, so why not start now?
Unidentified elderly male patient, dead on arrival.
John stopped.
Sherlock smiled. "John."
He looked back down at the phone. He pressed the call button and waited, holding his breath.
The older Sherlock continued, "I thought my…sense of suspended reality was just a stage of my grieving process. It started off with little things:  I looked at my reflection and I didn't know who I was.
"I'd like that, thanks."
She took the watch. She took the dog-tags. She took the phone.
"So." John's thumbs poked  each other. "What you're telling me is….he's in good spirits?"
The real smile faltered. “Oh.” She sounded disappointed. “But he’s crazy about you! He goes on and on about you!”
Molly slowly looked up, eyes wide.
Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson's expressions softened a bit at John's admission, and John knew he was forgiven.
They were both silent for a few moments. The world churned around them. The café bustled with customers coming and going.
John said nervously, “Maybe we should skip town? You, me and Rosie. I could pack a bag right now…”
we do. I'm not going to defer to your judgment, not in my
Lestrade asked, "Do you want to do something in his honor?"
"No," Sherlock corrected, jutting his thumb at himself. "Everyone thinks
We can talk about…your feelings. And then we can talk about kissing. Maybe. I’m not a big fan of kissing. I’m very fond of
yourself…"
“Forgive me. Which means…?”
“Let’s call Lestrade. Let’s call Gregson,” John mumbled. “I need something to do.”
Lestrade rose up. "It's too early, even with coffee. I'm sorry I interrupted."
Sherlock was standing in the middle of the kitchen, slipping the back door key into his pocket. “Sorry, I thought you might have gone back to bed. I was trying to be quiet.”
Lestrade put  up his hands. "Now, John, just listen…"
"Think about it," Sherlock cautioned. "If a woman in America is desperate enough to let you pay her to use her egg and her womb to conceive a child, doesn't it stand to chance that she may be also desperate enough to scam you? To refuse to give up custody of her child to you and instead rope you into child support so you can pay her for the next eighteen years? You could end up paying one hundred thousand dollars for her medical care,
All he had to do was be strong for the next few seconds and there would never be suffering ever again. And what beautiful company to die in.
Molly flinched.
"Because you should be free of outside distraction and  should concentrate on your treatment, same reason we don't let family  and friends visit at all hours."
But that was naive, wasn’t it? And there were
future?” John offered. "And
John quickly took the gun and put the safety on. "
"Ok. And?"
Mycroft said, "Addiction doesn't discriminate between gay or straight.
"Fine," Sherlock huffed. "Whatever."
Later, as Sherlock went back in the front door, he met Mrs. Hudson at the foot of the stairs. “Oh, Sherlock,” she said in the most despondent way.
John laughed bitterly, but didn't stop. He went out the front door and started up the stairs.
But John couldn't articulate that meaning. He could  barely breathe. When words,
Donovan smirked, imagining it. "How long can he go?"
You provoked me on purpose!” John said angrily. “I’m not going to let you passive aggressively punish me because I didn’t let you have your way! Like you always get your way! You can’t have a temper tantrum when you don’t get what you want!”
// <![CDATA[
Without  warning, Mycroft turned suddenly and grabbed John by the throat with  one hand. He
sperm?”
Sherlock held his breath. John could tell by the way his chest had stopped moving.
Sherlock? Really? Right.”
Sherlock asked, concerned.
Why stop at human history? He saw extinct species. He saw Pangaea.
"I like children fine," Sherlock lied reflexively.
to be? Do you think I want to be angry forever? Bitter? Unhappy? Cheated by life, unwilling to find any redeeming happiness, content to be miserable until I’m an old woman? Do you think I want John to be unhappy? Do you think I want Clara to be unhappy?” Harry closed her eyes. “Fuck ‘em all. Fuck everyone.”
John suddenly broke it off. He said breathlessly, “You’re the only one who wants me. You’re the only one who cares about me at all and what woman would want me now anyhow? Besides, I’m not any sort of man so I can
Lestrade turned towards John, saying reproachfully, "Don't be like that. I'm sure it took a lot of courage to come out like that, on his blog and all..."
. Okay."
"Yours, too, by the look of you." Sherlock nudged his leather arm chair to face the sofa and sat across from himself and folded his hands in his lap. "Let's have it," he said, directly and without awe or wonder.
Blinking drowsily, John squeezed her hand  and kissed her chin. "Take a day off with me? I don't want to be alone."
John looked aghast. “Why are you asking me this?”
John interrupted, "And
"She's not," John said firmly. "And she's got a grudge against me about something. I dunno.  Mum and dad split our inheritance fifty-fifty. I sided with her when she came out a lesbian and mum and dad freaked. But she's just…she's never liked me. I'm surprised you were able to convince her to do anything for me. I mean…since she stopped drinking, she's gotten better. She actually talks to me. But. I've been bitten by her lies so many times, I'm wary of her. You should be, too."
Harry's merry cheer fizzled out. "Oh, Jesus. How the hell am I supposed to know? Look, why are you over here asking for relationship advice from a divorced lesbian? I can't help you."
In which Sherlock succumbs to instinct and logic is ignored.
Sherlock waited.
looking forward to John introducing you to
None of this made any sense to Sherlock. "If I went
to have sex with me."
John.”
“Everybody wants pancakes,” Harry said. “Besides, the bill is on me. I’ll eat what you don’t.”
Mycroft said,  "You've been slowing moving out, one overnight bag at a time."
John just stared.
"Hello," Sherlock answered back.
"Pull over," Mycroft beckoned to the driver  impatiently.
because Sherlock was attracted to John.
"Hopelessness?” John repeated. “Why should it be hopeless? I would think it would be the opposite. Giving someone a second chance who might never have had one at all."
John was distraught. Shaking, feeling ill, he  walked slowly to the wall and steadied himself against it. He breathed  slowly.
Harry took a drink of milk. “I’m assuming that’s what this is all about, right? John called yesterday to tell me all about how he’s sterile. You think I can’t put two and two together? Sit down. Sit down and have breakfast.”
Molly cocked her head. "What are you doing?"
John was instantly on his tip-toes, keening in desperation, “I swear to God, anything.”
The wounded woman inhaled sharply, jutting out her chin indignantly. Then she turned around sharply and pushed her way through the doors and was gone.
Sherlock! Our crazy, destructive, impulsive,  arrogant Sherlock. He went to a hospital." He was dizzy with relief.
John said nothing, hanging his head.
John listened in rapt attention. He'd never heard Mycroft spare a word of praise for Sherlock, ever. Ever. He looked frantically back at Sherlock, but he'd already rounded the corner and disappeared. John wanted to run after him and drag him back so Sherlock could hear everything that Mycroft had to say, but he was rooted to the spot. He was still humiliated, and Sherlock's mother's proud ignorance shamed him further. He hated her. He hates himself. He hated himself for being like her, even if only a little.
"Okay," Sherlock said, obediently silencing himself.
"I got distracted by…something," Sherlock muttered, waving him off.
Lestrade just looked at Sherlock.
John fumbled with his words, but he pressed on, taking  Mrs. Hudson's hands into his; "Sherlock…he's on suicide watch, do you  understand? I don't think he'll want all this attention." He cleared his  throat and looked over at Lestrade for support, but Lestrade was busy  putting his nose in a corner so no one could hear him laughing. John  looked helplessly back at Mrs. Hudson. "Maybe…we should hold off on  celebrating until he feels better."
. When you said, ‘I bet you never saw this coming,’ I remember…I thought
are you gay?"
His relationships, his home, his work…it was all poisoned now, contaminated by regret, with no refuge, no relief.
,  John. He wrote that he was...that he's gay."
was the only one biologically related to the baby, I’d think of it as ‘mine’ and not ‘ours’ and that I’d think I’d have more right to the baby than you. But if I’m
He looked over his shoulder and saw how much the table was smoking. There was
After several minutes, John turned a bit and slumped. His forehead came to rest on Sherlock’s collarbone and the rest of his body settled nicely against Sherlock’s side. He molded against his friend perfectly and comfortably.  “I’ve been upstairs all day,” John said. “Do you know what I was doing?”
"Sure."
“’Night.”
When Sherlock himself began feeling like an old man himself, he'd become very good at holding his visions. They were extraordinary. They were also quite draining and would leave Sherlock exhausted, irritable and in pain. His head would throb and throb for hours, sometimes days, after maintaining a vision lasting only a few minutes.
Harry cocked her head. “You see what?”
In the next room, Rosie stirred and began to cry.
"No, no. About smiling for photos and waiting to die," John said. "I've heard that
Harry cocked her head expectantly. “And what can I expect in exchange for using my eggs, subjecting me to day after day of morning sickness, ruining my figure, gaining a ton of weight, stretching my skin, constant back aches, swollen feet, painful breasts, fatigue, violent mood swings, sleepless nights, all culminating to the most painful experience a human being can go through short of
want without having to
for our victory dinner?"
"He doesn't," John said bitterly.
Mycroft advanced on Sherlock until they were very close. Mycroft said, "I had this vision in my head of finding you in an alley. Overdosed. Bled out. Cold." He reached up and ran his fingers through Sherlock's messy curls. It was a gesture he hadn't made since their father died. Sherlock didn't resist. "You went to a goddamn hospital. You didn't even use a fake name. I can't believe you did something so
. I want my privacy. I want my dignity."
Molly tried to respond. But only a blubbering sound came out, not English, and she must have found that hysterical because she lost control again. She laughed louder.
Molly. When I get home."
"I don't want John to go to
Sherlock was a practical, efficient man. He put a large white-board calendar on the wall and plotted out his recovery. He kept a daily planner in his phone
Harry said kindly, “You’ve never called John ‘stupid’ out of affection?”
Out in the  hallway, the homicide team were in stitches. Several members were  doubled-over, one man had crumpled to the floor.
John leaned against the railing. "He was  just….he was just so…." He was lost for an explination.
"You know what?" Mycroft offered, moving slowly to the door. "I think it is funny. I think this whole situation could do with some laughter." When he put his hand on the handle, he looked at Sherlock. "He desperately wants to see you, Sherlock. What should I tell him?"
He calculated many trips he could make with his remaining time. Maybe seven, with a minimum of two weeks recovery between each trip. Where would he go? Where had he always wanted to go and had been putting it off?
The note was…lovely. It was  disgusting. Chilling. Was it meant to be sarcastic? Sherlock could never  write something like that and be serious. Not unless he was about to  die and never had to answer for it. No. Sherlock wasn't the type to  leave a note. Sentiment! Sherlock would never allow it…
Sherlock  looked around for some object or instrument he could hurt himself with.  "Nothing much around to kill yourself with in the psychiatric center,  is there?" he said in friendly disappointment.
To be continued….
with a disabled child, but that’s not a good reason to want to
, the most intimate, and being murdered while laying on top of your dead best friend was a little like finding God.
Despite Mycroft's reputation for abstaining from field work, he was  an expert interrogator. He was Sherlock's equal in observation, but
"Yes," Sherlock confessed.
Sherlock smiled. "Good. I'm glad we were able to talk about this." He made to stand up.
Mycroft stood in  front of the mirror, pressing his finger against his lip. "
Sherlock suddenly appeared in the kitchen, facing John. He folded his arms expectantly, looked disinterested.
Sherlock said, "That's what you just said!"
He sat quiet for a time. Staring at John’s mobile phone sitting on the coffee table.
Sherlock reached up faintly and covered John's phone, pushing it aside. "I've seen so many incredible things, John. I wish I could tell you. I wish I could
," Mycroft insisted.
how Sherlock would describe his feelings when he was depressed, his brain all wound up, his thoughts racing and insatiable, overwhelming his whole body so that he could literally do
But John was positively beaming. “I’m not mad. I’m…I’m happy!” He put his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders and pushed him down onto the couch.
The younger Sherlock pinched the pill between his thumb and his forefinger and looked at it, holding it up in the light. It was just as he remembered. "Tell me how John was murdered."
are dirty."
, it just seemed like such an effort  to reveal something so deeply personal unless…
not related to the baby either, you’ll think of it as ‘ours’…until it disappoints you. Or you get
"Not only is it embarrassing for you," Sherlock said, "but you're worried it will prevent you from dating and finding a suitable girlfriend in the future, should a desirable woman present herself. And you're right. Compounded by the fact that having a child may be upsetting to a woman who, potentially, would like to have a baby of her own someday, or a turn-off to a woman who
rubbing your success in John’s face especially since he was probably the favorite child, the older child, the son. The
Sherlock paused in his writing, looking perturbed at being interrupted. "Considering its three am, the only time I can have peace and privacy while I work, I assumed everyone would be asleep, so naturally,
, just as  Sherlock was turning away, and John had shouted it at his back. So when  the
John put up his coat on the rack once  he stepped through the door. "What?" His cheeks were red. It wasn't  from the cold.
And all the while, Sherlock was frozen by the beauty and  goodness and magnificence and glory of John Watson. He wanted to  scream. He wanted to tell John all about how things fell apart between  him and Mycroft, how his situation had nearly been identical to Harry's.  Except instead of drinking and partying, Sherlock developed a drug  habit and dropped out of school. When Sherlock had sought reassurance  from his brother upon realizing his orientation, Mycroft threw it all  back in his face and the life-long sibling rivalry deteriorated into  something darker and more hateful. "If mother finds out about just one boy," Mycroft had seethed, "I'm going to make sure she knows every  detail about your cocaine habit. Don't you dare ruin our family by  making your vulgar fetishes public." At the time, even Sherlock wasn't  aware Mycroft had some vulgar fetishes of his own, which made the  betrayal all the more hurtful. Mycroft got it all wrong, wrong, wrong,  John had gotten it all right, right, right!
it. Because you were still angry with him. Angry for breaking up your marriage…by having an affair with your ex-wife Clara.” He hesitated. “Probably during a leave between deployments.”
"Do  it!" Sherlock insisted angrily, shoving the coat back towards her. She  was his suicide note. He needed her to cooperate. "Tell my brother I  love him. Tell John I'm sorry. Tell Sally she was right and Lestrade he  was wrong
"Well, whatever you want to call it." Harry's voice was sugar and honey. "You wouldn't mind, would you?"
John took another drink. He gulped loudly.
Sherlock sighed. Even his own untimely humiliation couldn’t lift John’s spirits. If it would cheer John up just a little, Sherlock would shave his head bald.  “So. Um. Your phone call. Did they determine the cause of…?”
He laced his fingers together and sank into his mind, all pre-tense incinerating like it had drifted into the orbit of the sun. “Your clothes are nice. Brand new, going by the factory creases. A bit overdressed for a late breakfast on your day off, no? And in this heat wave? You were expecting John, and you know how he hurts for money, ever since he was invalidated and his promising career destroyed. You know it because he had such trouble finding a place to stay when he came back. He obviously needed help. But he wouldn’t accept it from
is a repulsive word," John pointed out. His anger was very muted,  boiling. "
serious."
want to be the father. The only father."
"He's
"Hmm?" Lestrade hummed.
The reality of that statement made John’s skin prickle. He looked over at Rosie’s bedroom door.  “I’ve never given it any thought.”
Sherlock added, his voice beginning  to waver, "And I've never told anyone until now."
Sherlock vowed they would return.
0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0
"John!" Sherlock cried. "I picked the wrong pill. The one that cabbie had? I picked the wrong one. I went back in time and I saw him prepare the poison. So it was right of you to shoot him because if you hadn't, I would have accidentally committed suicide."
"Is that…?" Sherlock began, his upper lip curling.
a romantic relationship with my brother. You don't
"Sherlock, I'm just…," John paused to massage his temples with his finger tips, like a tension head-ache was starting. "Listen. I'm not
2)      They could keep Harry’s motherhood a secret from the baby (and everyone) else to preserve John and Sherlock’s roles as the only parents.
. Maybe
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
Billy scribbled. “And you, Mr. Holmes?”
Sherlock  turned the laptop around to reveal a dense word document. "I wrote down  what I've been thinking since you left so when you returned I could  articulate my feelings properly. They never come out the same way the  second go-round."
Ella Thompson stepped into the waiting room. She was smiling, smartly dressed as usual, polished and glossy and pastel, just like her waiting room. "John, welcome back." Without waiting for a response, she nodded at Sherlock. "And Mr. Holmes, it's a pleasure to meet you in person, at last.  Please, come in."
of spontaneous  hostility. The detectives' ill-timed visit to the morgue was just a  coincidence. Sherlock knew
, Sherlock, that's why," John warned. "You have to be very, very careful around her."
Find Lestrade instead. Find a case. A good, life-affirming murder to stir his thrill for living. Be functional. Be rational. Put all these ugly thoughts in the past and carry on. Invite Molly. Learn to smile for real.
Beyond the door was just black night, a stripe of nothing.
Sherlock leaned forward aggressively. "Why?
“I needed to have a shower and a shave.” Sherlock turned in a circle. “I’m meeting someone for lunch. Is this alright? I think I’ve gain some weight since I last wore this shirt.”
Back in the corner, Sherlock had slumped against the wall. Haunted and alone, he held his own thin body, like he might fall apart at any moment. Wordlessly, he turned around and shuffled back down the hallway in the direction he'd come, without saying anything to his friends.
At four am, some months later, Sherlock's eyes flew open.
"No where obvious," Sherlock defended. "Just his arm. But…I…I caressed him. I did it a hundred times before. He never cared before I told him I was gay."
Sherlock composed himself, turning his nose up. "I can do all those things and more." He gestured flippantly, as if indicating some barrier between the two of them. "But, this is
Sherlock's heart leapt from his chest. He was about to cry John's name in joy, but his throat seized immediately, the poison taking him. He wheezed instead. Convulsed. Eyes open, still alert, he felt fire sliding up his throat, eating his esophagus as the pill sank down, down, dissolving.
"Were too!" Now it was John's turn to glow. "You lit up like Christmas!" He sat on the edge of the bed. "I think you were
Sherlock twisted away from her, keeping the phone out of her reach.
"Mycroft recruited us to join the manhunt for Sherlock,"  Lestrade said. "Obviously, we didn't find him. But when the search was  called off, nobody told us at the Yard why. I made a lot of phone calls but nobody…"
John asked, "Is everything okay?"
Sherlock droned impatiently, harshly,
," Sherlock hissed. He wanted to sound  angry, but he couldn't. "You said were best mates. You said you were
"I got over it in ten seconds." John tapped his temple. "I remember. In the time that it took for the words to leave her mouth, travel to my ear, register in my brain…by the time my jaw and my tongue and my lips began to move, I had this exact thought process: If I say what I really think, she's going to call me a bigot. A heartless bigot. And I'll never hear the end of it. And all her sympathetic little followers will say 'There goes John Watson, a cruel prick, just like his parents.' So, I'll be nice. I'll be nice because that's what is expected of me, even though I know damn well this is going to crush mom and dad for good. But we shouldn't judge people if they are thoughtless, if they are spiteful, if they are impulsive and immature and have no perspective or tact or manners because fuck everyone else, its all about ourselves these days, and why should anybody give a shit about anybody else? Go on, keep missing school, keep waking up at parties with no memory of what happened the night before. Get strung out, I promise not to interfere with my oppressive 'concerns' that apparently insult you. Really, I don't care if my idiot sister is a lesbian. I just wish she had a fucking soul. That's all I want, just some decency for once. So. I guess it doesn't matter that Harry is a lesbian. I just don't like Harry's destructive habits. Which is entirely separate from what she just told me. What is wrong with me? Am I really going to sit here and pretend smile and reassure my sister that I accept her and still love her…because…this progressive, liberal society I've grown up in has reinforced it upon me that we should embrace people when they come out as gay, not because I'm actually happy for my sister? Wow. That's terrible. God, I am terrible. It's the 21st fucking century and here I am, sitting in this room while my own sister spills her guts to me and all I can think about is how inconvenient this is going to make Christmas from now on. I guess I'm really the one with no perspective. And I'm her brother. For God's sake, if I can't accept her…how the will the rest of the world? Who is going to have her back, if not me? This was who she is. Maybe…well, maybe all the other bad choices she's made are related to this. Maybe she's felt so mixed up for years that all those other experiments were just her way of coping with pretending to be straight. Oh god, no, that's equally stupid. One thing doesn't have anything to do with the other. Her sexuality doesn't define anything about her other than her sexuality. She isn't about to become some other person. She is still Harry. Just like the old Harry, but new. But the same. Different. This is the Harry I've always known, but it's like we're just shaking hands for the first time. Fuck. I love my sister. I should say so. Right now."
that babies need. I could sleep on the couch, or, if you're comfortable, we could put another bed in your room and we could share. Of course, maybe
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
John hummed to Rosie, trying to sooth her. He crept closer to Sherlock, stood beside him and peered down the hall.
John did not go home with a bandage on his head, or with a cane or with crutches or with a wheelchair either.
John shouted, “What do we do?!” at the moment it stopped.
The other curled his lip. "You're going to murder me anyway, knowing how flawed and inferior your mind has become?" the younger Sherlock said in disgust.
"An experiment, yes, just as I explained. Are you
," Sherlock spat.
to be spared.
“Good night, John.”
Got his coat, wrapped his scarf around his neck.
“Yes,” Sherlock croaked. “But…that’s all. I’m not inviting anything else!”
He resumed rubbing circles against John’s back.
'Don't be ridiculous. You're still drinking the cafeteria sludge. Clearly you don't know good coffee from horse piss.'
Lestrade comes over to me and says something, but I’m not listening. I’m looking at John. John is a few feet away, staring unseeing into the distance. The blues of the vehicle lights and the red of the blood on his face mingle into a ghastly pattern, a tableau of horror I know was intended just for me. In death there is so seldom the peace many might wish for. So I have found. Cruelty is in its nature.
"Cappuccino, is it?"
"Very," I agreed, tapping my pipe against the arm of the chair and raising it to my lips. Mrs Hudson brought my tea over to me and I nodded my thanks. Watson crossed the room to his own chair but before sitting, leant towards me with a box of matches from his pocket in his hand. As Mrs Hudson retreated downstairs, hopefully to return with my toast, I took the proffered matches and lit my pipe, puffing thoughtfully as I watched my friend settle across from me. His expression was soft and his smile warm as he picked up the nearest newspaper and began to read.
His head snapped up to stare at John, who simply laughed warmly and began to lead him out.
“Please, Sherl- ah!” John whispered, uncaring of how he sounded. He opened his eyes and looked down at Sherlock’s fingers disappearing into his body. Sherlock raised his head and their eyes met. John couldn’t stand it any longer; Sherlock looked wrecked. His eyes were almost black with desire, his face flushed, those full lips parted in an “o” of adoration.
His nerves soothed by John's gentle breathing and occasional snuffles into the pillow, Sherlock turned back into the bathroom and picked up the lube he had chosen. He padded quietly back through to the bedroom and slipped between the sheets, tucking the lube under his pillow and curling himself around John's sleeping form. He had intended to fully prepare himself in the bathroom and wake John slowly, turning John towards him to present himself, ready and open, a gift for his lover. Now though he wanted to share everything about this with John, to feel everything. This would hopefully be their last first time.
He was desperately in love with John.
He reaches down and strokes my leaking cock, pushing his glorious tongue into me at the same moment. I am utterly lost. The pleasure rushes through my entire body as I spill onto the sheets, and I sink down uncaring that I am lying in the mess and probably ruining my shirt. I come back to myself gradually and become aware of John still straddling my behind, his breathing ragged. I realise with a groan of renewed desire that he is touching himself.
Sherlock looked vaguely embarrassed and shrugged. He rubbed his upper arm self-consciously and gestured for John to follow him. John was still staring up at all of the windows and fancy brickwork, but he didn’t fail to notice just the tiniest hint of discomfort on Sherlock’s part as he carried on distractedly rubbing his arm. Dismissing the thought for now, John followed his friend around to a side door and into the house.
“Don't stay here all night,” John said warmly as he headed for his bedroom upstairs. “You’ll get a neck cramp or something.”
“John?” Sherlock called.
"Oh, now John, now!" He tried to not to sound desperate but the breathlessness of his voice betrayed him. Fortunately John was in a similar state. "Okay, shush love," John whispered, turning onto his back. Sherlock frowned in confusion as John moved him, lifting his legs so Sherlock was straddling his lap.
"What the hell are you apologising for, you idiot?" John says, wiping his eyes. He reaches forward and cups Sherlock's face in his hands, pulling him close. "That was the most beautiful music I've ever heard."
“Why me?” He asked quietly as he raised the glass to his lips. The pilot chuckled darkly.
John inhaled sharply. Sherlock closed his eyes and waited, feeling close to tears and horribly vulnerable. He didn’t dare move or speak. Despite his pyjamas, he felt exposed, and even though he couldn’t see John he could deduce the thoughts chasing themselves around John’s mind. Please, Sherlock thought helplessly.
Sherlock stays silent while John thinks, worried that if he opens his mouth all manner of ridiculous sentiment will pour forth in an unstoppable tide. He can’t do this, not now he knows what John's lips feel like against his own, what John's touch feels like on his throat. He is mildly furious with himself that he completely failed to watch John's face as he came. But of course it has to end like this. Of course there is no way he would ever be enough for John. Silly, stupid Sherlock! Just… let him go.
“Well,” he started, then stopped, looking over John’s shoulder. John turned to see Mike standing behind him. Mike simply nodded at Greg and John got impatient.
'Notes are all well and good but take too long. Text me instead. ;) JW'
“I wasn't sure you’d come, if I’m totally honest,” he confesses, “but I’m so pleased you’re here.”
The silence that followed this confession was even worse. John waited while Sherlock seemed to process this statement, hoping to all hell that he hadn’t just screwed something up. Finally Sherlock came back to life and immediately launched into a monologue about something or other - John wasn’t really listening. He indulged Sherlock’s brushing off of what he’d said simply because he could see how happy Sherlock actually was.
This library, the old library, is housed in one of the older buildings that will eventually either have to be completely renovated or knocked down. It's drafty, smells funny and is managed by possibly the smallest and fiercest librarian ever employed at a university. Ever. Mrs Hudson has a reputation amongst the students as warm, funny and always good to talk to, but she takes no shit from them either. She'll help you when you're upset about something, offering tea and biscuits in her little office just along from Sherlock's spot, but if she thinks you're being a twat she'll tell you so. Sherlock of course adores her, and she dotes on him in return, letting him get away with all manner of minor infractions for which she'd give any other student a proper bollocking.
team.”
Sherlock does feel a little bit silly, exchanging notes with this person via post it instead of texting or finding each other on Facebook or whatever it is people of his age normally do with their friends. Not that he'd call this person a friend, per se. It's just that, besides avoiding John Watson's smiles and the taunts of his flatmates, this is the only real interaction he has with anyone on campus. (Mrs Hudson and her lemon cakes don't count, he tells himself.) So what if he's carrying on a conversation by post it?
Sherlock stands up noisily and heads for the loo. He's twitchy with anticipation, a thrill of excitement thrumming in his veins. He makes himself wait a couple of minutes, drumming his fingers on the counter in the men's and tapping his foot impatiently. Then he sneaks out and back across to the desk.
“I kissed you. When you came to bed. I rolled over, kissed you and-”
“Only for you,” John whispered, “only you, Sherlock.”
John could feel his own face growing hot with rage. He’d known Vic was a kind of a prick, but this!
BLAM. POST-IT NOTE. (Ewebie, 2016,
The lights go out in the window and I see John in my mind's eye, curling himself up in a chair or on the sofa. He's a soldier, he can fall asleep anywhere. Often has. Fell asleep on me once, on a train home. Years ago now, but I can still feel his weight against me, hair tickling my neck as he breathed softly into my shoulder. I remember wondering then what the warmth in my chest could possibly mean, resolving to ignore the implications. I smile at the memory, then reality crashes back in. Ruined.
John lifted himself off of Sherlock’s sticky body and Sherlock finally dared open his eyes. John’s expression was a mixture of joy, amazement and apprehension. The laughter that had threatened died away and Sherlock raised a hand to cup John’s beautiful face. He wanted that apprehension and uncertainty banished, gone for good.
Normal is a relative term. I, for instance, find it perfectly normal to tuck one’s feet under one’s flatmate’s thighs when watching an inane film of an evening. John finds this perfectly normal also, in so much as he has never protested this behaviour since I started doing it.
Sherlock glanced at him sharply. “Bees are fascinating creatures, John,” he sniffed. John smiled and nodded, trying not to show on his face how cute he thought Sherlock was being. Their eyes met for a moment and John swore he could feel Sherlock’s gaze poring through him, seeing everything he was thinking right then.
The waiter brings a jug of water and menus, then retreats. It’s not awkward, Sherlock is thrilled to discover. It’s just like it was in the coffee shop; pleasant and soothing and calming and delightful just being with John, sitting here, together. The silence between them is full of promise (or at least Sherlock hopes he’s interpreting that correctly) but it’s no less sweet for the appreciative glances they exchange. Finally John clears his throat and leans forward.
I go back to my violin. I’m thinking about raising it when I hear it. Footsteps on the stairs. Then John, in the doorway, duffel bag in one hand, unspoken question in his eyes.
“Honestly, John. Childish.”
“At least I have a very good excuse for being late,” he says softly, leaning up and pressing a gentle kiss to Sherlock’s cheek. Then he chucks his bag over his shoulder and jogs away towards the pitches.
The bed bounced a little a John threw himself across the mattress, wrapping his body around Sherlock once more. He was muttering something as Sherlock reached back to grasp John’s arse and pull him closer. It was too much and not enough for both of them. Hands fumbled with t-shirts and pyjama bottoms and pants and suddenly there was flesh against flesh, mingled groans, kisses in curls.
John’s hips jerked and he grabbed the sheets in his fists, eyes squeezed tightly shut as he bathed in Sherlock’s attentions. Two now, Sherlock had two fingers inside him now and John was sure he was babbling and begging but Sherlock wouldn’t just hurry the fuck up and oh God, three, three of those gorgeous, talented fingers were taking him apart now.
Their little bubble was broken, however, when John looked up and saw Phil passing their table. John nodded his head and said hello as he normally would, but he couldn’t fail to notice how Sherlock’s fingers had tensed at the edge of the book. Phil looked at Sherlock in undisguised contempt. John felt the hairs on the back of his neck prick up and he unconsciously clenched his fist, waiting for whatever Phil had to say.
Right, Sherlock thinks. He spends a few hours typing up his notes, getting lost in the formulas and equations he's been working on. When the bell sounds to indicate that the library will close soon, he sighs and stretches in his seat. Mrs Hudson will let him stay a bit longer but he is a bit tired, having not slept in two days, and he should probably eat something soon. But before he leaves he needs to deal with the messy medic intruding into his peace.
He huffs a laugh and I frown into the pillow. The bed suddenly creaks again as John gets up on his knees beside me.
“Right then,” John said, crossing his arms. “That’s how you feel about it, is it?” Phil opened his mouth to reply but closed it again sharply when Seb elbowed him in the side.
But Sherlock desperately wants to know who it is that's leaving him these notes. He chews his lip thoughtfully, vacillating on his options. Finally, he resolves to try and catch whoever it is in the act of leaving him a note. Then he'll have a better idea of what he's dealing with, whether it's rejection and humiliation at the hands of his pissed-off arsehole flatmates, or something.... Good.
“Fine, but if there’s anything unpleasant in there,” he said, pointing over Sherlock’s shoulder, “I am bringing it back out here and inserting it in you.”
"Take a seat, now, you're being disruptive," she pointed to where the rest of the class were sitting and waiting to see what came next, "and turn to page 394." The boy merely smirked and started towards the desks to take his seat. John was briefly startled to see the boy walking towards him. The boy took the only empty place directly in front of John, pulled out his textbook and immediately bent forward over it. And that's when John noticed.
It must be difficult, he thought absently, to start a new school so close to finishing and going off to uni. He couldn't imagine what it would be like, coming into a year group where everyone had pretty much grown up together and knew each other. Still, someone should make the effort to welcome the new boy. John liked to think he would've done it, if he hadn't been so busy. He had a lot on his plate this term what with playing rugby and studying to get the marks he'd need for medical school, not to mention his part-time job, his chores and looking after Mum. And Harry, sort of. Which reminded him, he'd have to take the glass bottles that had accumulated over the weekend to the recycling point at the back of Tesco one night this week.
I am thinking about this when I notice that John’s hand has dropped to my ankle and he’s rubbing it absently as he watches the film. I try not to focus on it too much in case he stops. I don’t want him to stop. Ever. If it were up to me he would always touch me like this, casually, calmly, as if it were completely normal. Which it is. I think.
The sensation of being connected with John in this way was indescribable. Sherlock closed his eyes and struggled not to come straightaway. He felt so full, so deliciously full. He moaned as John ran his hands up and down his thighs.
John snorted a laugh. Sherlock looked sharply at her then continued.
It’s when he gets to the coffee shop that the nerves really set in. John is sitting at the table in the window, sipping for a frankly huge mug of macchiato, no hot chocolate, and looking…
Huffing at himself in annoyance he storms through the old library doors with a bang, startling Mrs Hudson at the desk. She calls after him, her tone one of fond scolding, but he ignores her. He stomps up the stairs to his favourite desk and stops cold.
"I'll be over to check you in a minute, Sherlock. Just stay still, ok? Can't believe you let him thwack you, you tit," John says warmly, twisting his grip on the thief's wrists and causing him to yelp. I think I'm grinning back at John but my mind still feels a little like treacle. I hate blows to the head.
Will seems pleasant enough. Sherlock can't help but notice how his eyes sparkle a little as he tilts his head and watches Sherlock deduce him. Will smiles and Sherlock hastily looks away. There's definite heat in that look, but Sherlock has eyes only for John.
And yet, despite his patchy attendance record and his arrogance and his tendency to piss off both the teachers and his peers, John found himself fascinated by the new boy. He'd wondered about the school Sherlock had been at before (posh, no doubt), what he did in his free time (more chemistry?), where he lived, if he liked sports (unlikely), who he hung out with after the last bell on a Friday afternoon.
Greg raises his hands in mock surrender and laughs as he backs away. "Well for what it's worth, I'm glad to see you so happy John," he says. John's smile gets impossibly wider and he nods, seemingly wholly in agreement with Greg's assessment of his emotional state.
“John,” came the reply, and John let go.
“He had to go,” Sherlock mumbled. “He’s an idiot, and he pissed you off. So, he had to go.”
“Consulting detective,” John says, clearly impressed.
“No, no Sherlock,” John scolds, “you paid last time!”
John broke the kiss and they rested their foreheads together, Sherlock panting and gripping John's shoulders probably too tightly. John stroked up and down his sides beneath his coat as if he were gentling a startled horse.
No. Too short.
As it is, he flops down face first onto his neatly made bed. (For all that he is barely an adult, he isn't an animal, unlike some.) His sheets are soft and comforting, and before he realises, Sherlock is drifting into a doze. He hasn't slept in three (or maybe four?) days, and he's more tired than he thought. Forcing himself to sit up, he takes off his shoes and socks, wriggles out of his  coat and lies back down on top of the bedclothes, feet dangling over the edge of the bed. It's not that late but the halls of residence are dark and peaceful. It's hateful.
“What’s up Greg?” John asked, feeling a cold pit in his stomach. This had something to do with Sherlock, he was sure of it. Greg rubbed a hand through his hair and sighed, looking a bit uncomfortable.
Sherlock frowned. “You don’t remember?”
John is not gay. He may have been attracted to me at one time, back at the very beginning, but I rejected him clumsily and anyway, I would never now be able to know John that way just once. I've been aware for a long time just how deeply, wholly in love with John I am. And one throwaway thought, mumbled loudly enough to be heard by John and two others, will destroy everything.
“Yeah, course I do,” John said warmly. “In fact,” he continued feeling suddenly rather shy, “you’re my best friend.”
A couple of hours and several pages later, Sherlock can barely keep his eyes open. He should probably go home and catch up on his sleep. He doesn't want Mrs Hudson to find him slumped over his laptop, face mashing the keys and drooling again. She worries about him enough as it is, he'll never hear the end of that little incident.
The tutorial is a disaster, of course. The PhD student teaching them is an idiot, and a pompous one at that. Sherlock had to correct his fallacious assumptions, for the benefit of other members of the class as well as to prevent his brain from rotting in boredom. Still, probably shouldn't have brought the haircut into it. He hadn't intended to out both the teacher and the student he's been sleeping with by mentioning it. One more deduction that he'd been expecting, there.
I remember saying once that the chemistry of love is very simple and very destructive. Hope, however; hope is immensely more so. Hope is infinite, infiltrating the small spaces between one’s ribs and eventually filling one’s entire chest cavity. Hope is visceral, an irrepressible, immortal optimism that burrows its way into one’s heart where it has no place ever being. Hope keeps one returning night after night, coming back to a life of which one was never meant to be part. Hope is all I have left.
Each day after that, Sherlock finds a note stuck to the desk. He replies to every single one. Mrs Hudson catches him smiling more often and, since he's usually the only one occupying the second floor, starts bringing him treats from her kitchen. Just this once, dear, she says. Sherlock hides his grin behind mouthfuls of tart, scone and traybake.
“Sounds perfect,” he answered. “Should have made a hole in the roof ages ago!”
Sherlock stands in the alley, mind swirling, face burning with a bright blush, cheek tickling from the feel of John's lips. He shakes himself and starts off back towards his flat, cramming his hands further into his pockets and fighting back an enormous happy grin.
I am aware that one of the main reasons for my refusal is that I don’t want to disappoint John. Not that he would notice if I did relapse at the moment, but the thought of him somehow finding out at an undetermined point in the future keeps me from reaching for the little box beneath the floorboards in my bedroom. The box with its smooth wood surface and velvet interior, offering blissful oblivion. Tempting. Very tempting.
A crescendo is imminent, and suddenly Will is crying out hoarsely as he comes onto Greg's face, Greg working him through it and murmuring sweetly. Greg's other hand has disappeared between his own legs and soon Greg's moans can be heard as Will slumps down beside him onto the floor. Sherlock can just about make out the sound of their kisses as Will uses his tongue and his discarded towel to wipe come from Greg's chin.
He stops, certain that John has absolutely no interest in his bloody green carnation-tiled fireplace. John sits there, that same lovely, soft smile on his face. Sherlock swallows and takes the plunge.
Cautiously, I nod my assent, lifting my head from pressing into the pillow and turning to the side. I aim for haughty disinterest with my expression. I definitely miss by a country mile.
"I must confess, I'm quite taken with our gorgeous Frenchman. You won't tell anyone, will you?"
John hardly looks away for the rest of dinner. Sherlock has the vague sense that John is talking to him and he's responding in a manner befitting a normal human being, but in reality he is capturing every single second of this date and ruthlessly deleting extraneous material like how to boil an egg and who is currently Prime Minister in order to make enough room in his mind palace to store the exact curve of John's smile, how the tendons in his neck stretch when he looks behind him, the melodious sound of his giggles, and a thousand other details Sherlock wants never to forget.
“Whoever it is, tell them. As soon as you can. Don’t be like me. Take the risk, take the chance.”
"Wouldyouliketoseemyroom?" he says all in a rush.
"Just... Can I test a theory here, Sherlock? Please?"
The question threw John off a bit, and he frowned, a bitter anger swirling suddenly in his gut. He gritted his teeth at the implication in that. Yes, his mum had had a tough time since the divorce. But he was taking care of them, they were managing. It was fine, it was all fine. And anyway, it was none of Dr Bradstreet's business.
Especially given the abrasive presence of my brother in John’s chair. I’d moved it back down again, the point had been made and I hated to see the space empty almost as much as I hated to see the chair itself empty. It’s overly full of overly solicitous older brother now.
“Okay, no,” John says between laughs, “there is no way you could tell that just by looking at him!”
"Dammit, Sherlock!" John hissed under his breath. "Shut! UP!"
“Sherlock,” John says warningly. Sherlock holds his hands up in mock surrender. John’s tone is still mostly playful but there’s a hint of annoyance in it too.
Is John here, she asks. I fumble at first but I confirm. I regain my confidence. I can help, whatever is happening here, I can help, and I will. I will do anything and everything in my power because I have to, I have to make sure that everything that came before was not purposeless. That there still is a point.
“John,” Sherlock whispered desperately, trying to hold back his orgasm. Suddenly John snapped awake and hurriedly let go, shuffling away to the far side of the bed. Sherlock couldn’t help the whine that rose up in his throat as cold air rushed in at his back. He stayed on his side and took his hand out of his pajamas.
Sherlock froze, caught between terror and the urge to blurt out everything. How… how could…? He frantically looked around, but the pilot was gone, the door to the bar still swinging as the cold air from the snow outside seeped in. Sherlock stared down at the whisky bottle, then carefully withdrew just enough money to settle the tab and quietly slipped away out of the bar.
He stopped and a look of confusion passed over his face. John was gaping at him. “John?”
No. Too desperate.
John catches Sherlock looking at Greg. He raises an amused eyebrow but there's a flicker of vulnerability in his eyes. Sherlock blushes even harder and averts his eyes from Greg and his nice arse. It's nothing compared to John's arse though, Sherlock thinks. He bites his lip and risks a glance at John as John walks forward to grab his towel out of his locker. John winks at him again and gestures towards a bench attached to the wall.
"Because I wanted to," Sherlock whispered.
“Not Mike, or Greg, or bloody Tim Dimmock!” John exclaimed. “I was talking about you!”
"HIC!"
Sherlock throws on his coat and scrambles into his shoes, before realising he’s still dressed in his pyjamas. Cursing himself under his breath, he shrugs out of his coat and flings his wardrobe open to find a shirt and trousers. He refuses to overthink any of this and selects his favourite plum-coloured shirt and a pair of black suit trousers tailored just so to hug his behind. He forgoes the suit jacket. Too formal. A thought suddenly occurs. Is he overdressed? Does he have time to find those dark jeans? They’re not as flattering as the tailored trousers, but he doesn't want to go overboard, just for coffee. But John is waiting. He can’t keep John waiting. What if John gets fed up waiting for him, and leaves?!
It started on a normal Monday morning. Except this Monday morning wasn't the same as your normal Monday morning in the life of one John Watson, age 17. This Monday morning was the first Monday morning that John noticed. And once he'd noticed, he couldn't stop noticing.
“We’ll see,” he said curtly, then immediately launched into a detailed explanation of redox reactions. John scrambled to keep up and began taking copious notes as Sherlock talked, trying not to lose his train of thought by watching his tutor instead of paying attention to the subject matter. That's was what had got him into trouble in the first place.
“Hey, wait a second!” John called, frantically picking up his things so he could follow Sherlock out of the library.
John grinned at him and dropped his bag on the floor beside the ridiculously large bed. He sat down and smoothed the fancy sheets with one palm. “Right, where do we start then? Chapter 5?”
"It's not-HIC-funny-HIC-John!" Sherlock hissed, pressing a hand to his mouth in a futile attempt to stop the infuriating, embarrassing noises. John stifled a fresh bout of giggles.
I awoke late in the morning, tired from the case which had just concluded successfully the day previous, and descended my rooms still clad in my nightshirt and dressing gown. I had missed breakfast but I could hear the sound of my dear friend Watson's voice addressing our landlady, enquiring as to the likelihood of there being any tea and perhaps toast for me to break my fast. Smiling to myself at the erstwhile doctor's concern for my wellbeing, I walked into the sitting room to recline in my favourite chair by the fire.
He turns his head slightly but doesn’t acknowledge me. His eyes are fixed in the middle distance and his hands are clenched at his sides. I tell him I am sorry. It feels like an empty platitude, it doesn’t matter that it’s true. He says he needs time. I nod.
This should’ve been anything but boring. A high stakes game with all to play for. There was a time when I would relish the opportunity. This particular game has long since lost its appeal.
Sherlock dropped his hand back to himself only to have John bat it away with a growl. When John’s hand closed around his cock, Sherlock cried out.
Sherlock gapes at his phone. He re-reads the message. John is glad to hear from him. Before he can think about it, he sends a reply.
Their mouths met, uncoordinated and wet, as Sherlock started to move. The delicious drag inside John drove him even higher, Sherlock’s every thrust, his every pant, his every touch singing in John’s veins. John dragged his nails lightly down Sherlock’s sweaty back and swallowed the resulting gasp of pleasure in a kiss.
“Alright, they started it,” he said wearily. Sherlock looked triumphant for a moment then seemed to remember what they were discussing. “They said some pretty nasty things about a very good friend of mine,” John admitted, “and I wasn’t going to stand by and let them say stuff like that.” Sherlock just waited.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock says quietly, and smiles as John frowns for a moment then relaxes. Sherlock shoves away school memories and instead occupies his mind by cataloguing the colours in John’s eyes. There are so many of them. Sherlock decides that he likes every single shade of blue in the spectrum but the lapis lazuli in John’s irises is his favourite.
Sherlock leans back in his chair, a mock serious expression on his face as he steeples his fingers beneath his chin. John gleefully waits to be wowed.
“Only one in the world,” Sherlock replies. A complex series of expressions chase themselves across John’s face and Sherlock has barely had time to parse them when they vanish.
John sucked in a breath and with his free hand he sought Sherlock's hand. Their fingers entwined and John squeezed a little. Their breathing was unsteady, in time with one another as Sherlock continued, flicking his tongue against the sensitive nub. John let go of his hand and he pulled back to gaze at the pinkened flesh in satisfaction. The hand in his hair encouraged him down and their lips met once more.
"Watson," I breathed, "I do believe you are now the indecent one." His answering huff of laughter was drowned out by my sharp inhale as he traced circles into the muscles my upper leg with his fingers. He raised his head towards me as I lowered my face, my gaze inexorably drawn to his mouth. His soft, wonderful mouth. I could feel his breath against my cheek as our foreheads came to meet one another and we breathed into each other's open mouths for a moment, savouring the anticipation of the kiss. Then he tilted his head up and his lips met mine.
John could already feel sensation cresting in his abdomen as Sherlock continued to stroke his entire body as if it were made of a most precious metal. He shivered and let his hands rest on Sherlock’s shoulders, not guiding or directing, just allowing him that contact with the man sharing his pleasure.
John woke up warm. Comfy, snuggly warm. Ahhhh, lovely. She cuddled back into the source of the warmth for a few seconds before her brain kicked in and she realised what it was. Oh. Oh crap.
John texts back almost immediately.
Sherlock waves a hand dismissively. “No, I do,” John says, the flirty tone dampened into a more serious one for a moment. “I honestly was having a tough time with that module and without it I would have an even tougher time getting into the postgrad research programme I told you about. You really helped, Sherlock. More than my tutorials and my professor.”
Unfortunately John seems to have a similar idea, sliding his hands up Sherlock's thighs, thumbs brushing against his cock through the material of his trousers. Sherlock's head drops back and he almost falls off John's lap as pleasure rushes through his body at this simple touch. No. No no, no no no!
“John Watson,” John said lightly, and he smiled encouragingly. Sherlock cleared his throat and reached to shake John’s hand. Sherlock’s hands were quite frankly enormous, engulfing John’s for a very brief, perfunctory greeting, but they were warm and soft and John could feel callouses on his fingertips. He made a mental note to ask about those at some point.
“Alright?” he asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
John snorted. “Yeah well, I only just found out I had a tutor, so…” He said. Sherlock didn’t reply, just fixed John with a look of bored contempt. He flipped open his textbook and looked pointedly at John.
"Leave," John says quietly. Bracing himself, he straightens his shoulders and looks directly at me. His gaze is steady and unwavering but I can see the thin edge of hope and sadness there, hidden deep but shining as the stars to my eyes.
"Yeah?" John grins.
"Is everything alright, John?" Dr Bradstreet asked. "Only, you were doing reasonably well in this class until recently and I can't help but notice that you seem to be having a hard time concentrating."
“Shit, what time is it?’ John suddenly asks, grabbing his phone from his bag. “Shit, fuck, I’m late.” He looks apologetically at Sherlock, standing up and throwing on his coat. He picks up his bag and rummages for his wallet. Sherlock beats him to it, and nods at Molly who rings up their bill on her ancient till.
“Pilot. Captain. Divorced, one child. Pineapple juice, reformed alcoholic then. Dull,” Sherlock muttered mechanically. The man snorted.
John is smiling a little ruefully, then he rubs a hand through his (soft, it must be so soft) hair. "Guess you're wondering what I'm doing," he says. Sherlock's mind splutters for another moment then seems to get itself in gear. Maybe.
Sherlock hung up and tossed the phone carelessly onto the coffee table, where it promptly clattered off and onto the floor. John felt he’d seen enough.
“You’re not a complete idiot,” he said, then he was gone.
He does, though, and nudges me to roll over. I twist beneath him onto my side and meet his eyes. He's smiling softly, gazing down at me, and I feel incredibly light and grounded all at once. He strokes my face and pushes my hair back from my forehead. I swallow nervously.
"HIC HIC HIC H-!"
But then the unexpected happens. John comes back, rolls him over and wipes his hand clean with a questionable looking rag, tucking his softening cock back into his pants with tender care. Then it gets even better. John flops down beside him, their legs hanging off the end of the bed. Then it gets utterly, totally unbelievable. John cuddles in close to Sherlock, lying on his side, and snuggles into him, kissing his cheek and throwing an arm over his waist.
"So," I reply. I study him for a moment. He bears my scrutiny as he has always done, head high, eager and waiting.
John tossed him his phone and Sherlock just about managed to grasp it, firing off a text to Lestrade before replacing it in his pocket. He frowned at his flatmate, who was grinning devilishly from where he perched on the desk at which Norwood had been sitting.
A warm smile broke across John’s face at Sherlock’s touch and he let Sherlock pull him down for a proper kiss. Their mouths met, lips bruising, tongues stroking, for long minutes. The urgent desire between them was banked for now, in its place a fierce adoration.
Sherlock opened his mouth. John stopped him with a raised hand and a scowl.
"Sherlock!" John cuts me off, tutting in mock annoyance. He is grinning again as I push him back towards the bed, encouraging him onto his stomach and straddling his thighs.
'You're welcome. I'm glad to see that you are no longer cluttering up my workspace with your crumbs. You may continue to use this desk in future. And I do not know it all. Though I will concede that I know rather a lot.'
Sherlock opens his mouth to explain his deductions but is stopped when John holds up a hand.
"You are not dressed," he said, his voice low and his tone teasing. "It is quite indecent."
Oh yeah. Right.
Before he leaves for the lab, planning a full evening's experiments, he goes downstairs and digs in Mrs Hudson's desk for a block of post it notes. Then he sits down again for a moment, takes out a red pen and scribbles onto the person's biochem notes. He writes on his post it note: 'Congratulations. You know how to use a dictionary. You are still failing biochem though, so I have taken the liberty of correcting your mistakes. Kindly piss off'. He slams the dictionary closed, tucking the notes inside and sticking the post it on top.
"So," Sherlock repeats quietly, voice full of wonder and no small amount of puzzlement. John just gives a happy laugh and settles down again. He nuzzles Sherlock's cheek and Sherlock decides that yes, he has actually died. This is what heaven would be like, of course. The feeling lasts until John suddenly pulls away again and leans up on his arm to look down into Sherlock's face. His expression is somehow sheepish, shy and hopeful all at once. Sherlock marvels at this; how does John express so much and yet give away so little of himself at the same time, except on his own terms?!
Frozen in panic, he didn’t hear John waking.
“Yeuch!” exclaimed Seb’s voice. “How could he not notice that little fairy was hitting on him?! It’s pathetic, that’s what it is.”  Carl loudly agreed with this and made pretend vomiting noises into his hands.
Sherlock slumps in his seat at the back of the lecture theatre. The professor is droning on and on and it's insufferable. Seb and Philip had stumbled in around 2am, disrupting Sherlock's napping. The few hours' sleep he'd gotten in between getting home from the library and his rowdy flatmates' drunken singing were a distant memory, as he'd failed to get back to sleep. Instead he'd spent the remaining hours before this appalling lecture poring over a new article on his laptop. His eyes felt dry and his brain sluggish. Coffee. He needed coffee. Then he would go over to the old library and work on his dissertation for a while.
Sherlock was at the foot of the bed before he realised what he was doing. He startled and jumped back, astonishment on his face as everything he had been trying to ignore became instantly crystal clear.
But it wasn’t to be. I tried, and I failed. I failed miserably, I got it all wrong. He was so angry, I anticipated that. I didn’t anticipate much else though. And then, it was all I could do not to push. Not to make it worse. Not to give him any (more) reasons to shut me out. I would take what little of him he could give me and be content. I promised myself. I promised them (him). And now look where we are.
"Fellas, there's someone I'd like you to meet," John announces, pulling Sherlock into the humid room behind him. Sherlock adopts his best indifferent mask as the faces all turn towards them standing in the doorway. He clears his throat and tries to ignore his heart pounding in his ears.
"Who?" He managed to ask.
“I love you too,” John replied, ignoring the moisture gathering at the corners of his eyes. Sherlock snuffled happily and John’s eyelids felt heavy. He let them fall shut. As he began to doze, wrapped in the warmth of his love, he thought dreamily that it was definitely worth it to let Sherlock take control once in a while.
John breaks the silence first. "Well," he sighs, "I guess... I mean... Should I...?"
Sherlock stares down at the latest post it, stuck to the desk in the few minutes he'd gotten up to use the loo and find an obscure reference book in the stack at the far end of the floor. He peers around, looking for signs that anybody is nearby. There's no-one there. Who the hell is leaving him these flirty notes?
'Rather a lot? From what I can tell you're some kind of genius! Better at this chemistry stuff than me, anyway.'
John, my John, is broken. I broke him. She broke him. I'm not sure which of us was worse. My actions, however stupid and reckless, were solely designed to ensure his happiness. Hers, her own. At least in that regard I think I won out.
Sherlock scoffs as John curses and sets his bag on his now empty chair to play hunt-the-wallet among the rugby kit in the bag. Sherlock takes advantage of John’s distraction and pays for their drinks.
Through the narrow gap between the cupboard doors they had an excellent view of their suspect hacking into the HR files and taking notes for his blackmail side-business. John took his hand from Sherlock's mouth with a stern glare and reached into Sherlock's coat for his mobile, clearly intending to snap some photos of Norwood and catch him in the act. Sherlock wholeheartedly approved of this approach to solving their case.
Sherlock grins. "I know," he says.
I cut him off, crossing the room in two strides and wrapping my arms around him as tightly as I can manage, pulling him into my body. I am never letting him go.
It strikes me just as the bullet does, that it has only taken six seconds for everything to fall apart.
------
"Oh what the hell?! They're gay?! That's even worse, now you have to arrest him! He assaulted me, that poofter assaulted me!" the thief puts in.
"Yes, and? I'm here now, aren't I?" he said. Half of the class snickered and the other half looked at each other worriedly at this display of impertinence. Dr Bradstreet sighed.
“Join me?” Sherlock asked softly. “I’ll rub your sore shoulder and… any other parts of you that ache?” John’s grin could have lit all of London.
“No!” Sherlock cried, “John! Don’t-” John was pulling away, embarrassed. But he must want...must feel something? Please, Sherlock thought. He cleared his throat.
After what felt like eons the lecture finally ends and Sherlock practically sprints across campus to the small coffee shop hidden away down a narrow alley. Molly, the barista, greets him with a shy smile and turns to make his usual order. Leaning against the far wall Sherlock pulls out his phone and scrolls through to find the part of that article he thought he might reference in his dissertation. The whoosh of the steamer and the bitter tang of strong coffee soothes his weary senses and he begins to relax. Just as Molly calls him over to the counter to pick up his coffee a raucous group enters the shop. They're laughing and noisy and it's grating on Sherlock's last nerve. He picks up his coffee with a nod in Molly's direction and pushes his way through the group of lads standing in the doorway of the tiny coffee shop. One of them bumps into him coming in as he's leaving.
John is still smiling. “I was going to say that if I ask you to tell me how you know all that stuff it might make you seem ordinary, when really, you couldn’t be ordinary if you tried.”
Sherlock frowns at himself. Where did that thought come from? Shaking his head, he frantically types out a reply.
Sherlock pushed John to lie on his back and teased his nipple again, barely breaking the kiss. He leaned up on one arm, hovering over John so their bare chests brushed. Their tongues met and Sherlock hummed in delight. John licked into Sherlock's mouth, causing him to moan. The heat was building now as John's hand moved from Sherlock's hair to the back of his neck, carding through the curls at his nape and tugging lightly. Sweet shocks of pleasure sparked in Sherlock's veins and he broke the kiss to rub his face over John's chest, capturing his nipple gently between his teeth. Sherlock released it and licked, lapping like a cat.
“I’ll do my best,” John said with mock seriousness. Sherlock huffed.
John looked at him warily. Sherlock held his ground, waiting until whatever internal battle was being fought in John’s head ended. A flicker of something that was more than trepidation but less than fear flashed across John’s face, chased by several other emotions which appeared and disappeared just as quickly. John sighed, rubbed his face with one hand and stood.
As I am bundled into an unmarked vehicle I close my eyes and focus. The gunshot is fading from my ears now and silence is encroaching. I allow it to swallow me whole and I try to calm my mind. My breathing and heart rate will follow if I can just get my thoughts under control.
with me?” Cursing, he grabbed the oven mitts from the counter, picked up the kettle and moved it to the stove top with a
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
father," Mycroft countered. "I was very fond of him, regardless of the state of your marriage."
Sherlock bristled at that. "John is attracted to danger. If he's not with me, he'll find some other fix."
What were the odds of convincing Mycroft to surrender their parents country estate? After all, Mycroft had a flat in the city and only went to the old house in the summer and sometimes on the holidays.
Timidly, John followed.
"Right now!" Mrs. Hudson insisted, loudly.
Molly rocked back and forth in her chair blithely. "I'm not doing anything. Just sitting here."
at your brother."
The question roused Sherlock from his stupor. "Yes." He  set his coffee down on the table, but his hands continued to fidget.
Mycroft raised a suspicious eyebrow.
him?”
Sherlock called insistently, pleasantly, breezing through the front door of the flat, his black coat billowing. "Come on. That lead I told you about? It's the genuine thing and I know exactly where they're going to be tonight. If we leave now, we'll catch them just before they leave…London." He paused mid-step. After a moment, he relaxed and squared himself formerly, putting his hands behind his back. "Hello," he greeted.
John took it impatiently. He sneered. "That's a neat little prop. This is so strange, I've never met an
The hair on Sherlock's arms rose.
Leaning back in his seat, glazed eye skyward and hands folding lazily in his lap, Sherlock asked, "I liked that story. You can tell it to me again when we're sober."
"It's miserable, thank you. And your new job?"
himself. He thought he was brilliant.  He thought he was special. All he ever did was try and prove how  superior he was. He risked his life…and
"Nothing, just thinking," Sherlock dismissed absently.
know and I will…adjust my decisions accordingly."
The phone rang again.
how you are. So you're trying to manipulate me. And then you'll pounce."
John’s eyes drifted down, his lashes resting on his cheeks in a come-hither sort of way. “Sherlock. I never thought…when I met you at Bart’s…that you’d change my life this way.”
"You're an idiot," the man dismissed, stood up and marched away.
. He couldn't really  contemplate ending his own life. Couldn't fantasize about it, make a  plan, follow through, actualize the fantasy. But maybe he
Sherlock shot  John an angry glare, but his fiery temper quickly fizzled out from  embarrassment. "I've always tried to be mindful of my behavior. Am I…  effeminate?"
John followed anyhow, followed despite clearly not being wanted. His fingers curled around Sherlock’s sleeve.
John walked across the sitting room and disappeared from Sherlock’s line of sight.
Sherlock could think of no reply. He thought he might die from happiness. His face hurt. He realized he was smiling a huge, goofy grin and he couldn’t stop. He licked his lips, but immediately his mouth pulled back in the involuntary smile. He flexed his mouth, opened his mouth wide and tried to pop his jaw, but as his mouth closed, he was smiling again. Oh God, this happiness was really quite something else. He laughed nervously. Oh. Oh, that felt nice. Oooh. He laughed again, like an edgy hiccup. Suddenly, he was giggling in the most irritating way, but now he had no control, and it kept bubbling up from his chest. He sounded like an asylum patient. “Please, excuse me,” he begged John between bouts. “Oh. Oh, dear God. I don’t know where this is coming from.” He’d never felt elation like this before! He was going to be a dad. John was going to be a dad. They were going to be dads together. No one was mad. Everything was going to work out. What had started off as John ‘sharing his most personal feelings’ was going to result in a whole new life for them both.
“Jesus, there really is someone on the back stoop,” John said, getting to his feet, nearly dumping Sherlock to the floor. John snatched up his gun and marched with purpose down the hall, into the kitchen. The room was dark other than a light over the stove, but it was enough to illuminate the room and black out the windows.
The world only stopped spinning when Sarah cupped  John's wet cheeks in her hands and planted two kisses over the tracks of  tears under his eyes. John only started breathing again when Sarah  kissed his mouth. John gasped helplessly into her lips, sucking in her  love like a fish out of water. Whatever love remained for him he needed  it to breathe. "Sarah," he whimpered. "Sarah."
as 221b filled with gas.
John nodded.
Sherlock held his breath. He listened.
Sherlock squeezed Chatterjee’s finger and wiggled. “Pinky swear.” He stood up smiling. “How about that coffee?”
Calmly and silently, John stood from the couch and walked towards Sherlock. He went slowly, but with purpose.
Molly said, "I don't have a crush on him anymore. I know he's gay
"Can't I just have a conversation with you?" Sherlock asked.
them. He was just willfully, deliberately  ignorant of them, as if tuning a distraction. Manners were complicated.  They slowed brain-work. Sherlock simply deleted manners some years ago.
John opened his palm again and looked at the rainbow flag.
John nervously put his laptop aside and stood up. "Wait a minute. Just…is this the case you were telling me about? The drug runners? I thought we agreed this wasn't our thing."
"John doesn't know what he's talking about," Sherlock defended. "He isn't homophobic. He was just distressed that I… made an unwelcome sexual advance."
, but that you saw him just now! You see, the experiment was supposed to do like so; what
John just stood there without following. “You jumped at that chance the very moment you sensed an opportunity.”
Sherlock stared at it uncomprehendingly.
Standing on the steps to her building, Molly looked sadly at Sherlock. She knew the difference between his "let's play" smile and that other smile. "Come up to my flat," Molly asked, taking his hand and tugging gently. "I only have a Mr. Coffee and a couch, but you're welcome to both."
Sherlock snapped his phone shut and grinned innocently. Sitting sideways on the arm chair with his back braced against one arm and his legs draped over the other arm, bare feet in the air, Sherlock turned to face the gathering nurses, smiling, hands steepled ingenuously. "Sorry," he apologized. "Was I being a bother? Promise not to do it again. Oh? Or are visiting hours done for the night?" He offered up his phone, waggling it . "I imagine you'll be wanting this back."
Sherlock looked out the window. Below, London bustled. "I understand," he said, not certain he did, but it sounded…
"Good night," Sherlock bade him.
. Please. Do you remember the pool?”
John’s green rain coat wasn’t on the hook.
"John's got a lot to sort out in his heart," Lestrade murmured. "I can't think of a safer place to get your head straight than at a psychiatric hospital."
what I  tell
"Your input isn't  necessary, thank you." Mycroft moved with purpose, eyes darting about.  He hesitated only for a moment before zeroing in on the bathroom, then  he moved towards it, John following closely behind. Mycroft went inside,  flicking on the light switch. John was silent as Mycroft worked. He  stood at attention, hands clasped behind his back, awaiting orders. So  long as he was in solider-mode, he couldn't become overwhelmed by either  the elder Holmes or his own warring feelings.
," John went on, "watching Sherlock Holmes pursue his true love, watching him openly swoon over a criminal, over the grisly details of the crime like some groupie. All the while, you're dragging your ass past exhaustion, when you feel like you're going to die if you take one more step,
Sherlock was exacerbated. The most infuriating part was that all of that would have been terribly
to him, I'm nobody. Just a pathetic cripple he picked up for kicks. He pretends I'm important and I'm not. I wish I never came back from Afghanistan. I wish I never met him and never saw how stupid and ugly and boring I was. I wish I was dead in the desert." John turned around, resting his back against the wall, his hands clenching into fists. Finally, he stopped and looked at his friends.
depressed, and that he was at East London for  suicide watch." He shrugged. "I mean. It was short but it was really  direct."
"No, this is fine."
"Oh."
Lestrade barked at John indignantly, "And what am I? Chopped liver? I'm Sherlock's friend, too. So's Mrs. Hudson. You don’t have a monopoly on Sherlock Holmes. Christ, what's gotten into you?"
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0
In any case, they didn't really know why they were laughing. They weren't telling jokes, but the laughter bubbled up uncontrollably, the secret language of homo sapiens; Oh, hello fellow human being. I am a human being, too. Reach out and touch me and reassure me that everything is okay. There is no danger. It is time for play. We are safe.
!” And suddenly, John was in front of the broken window, putting his fist through it. The glass shattered all around him.
. She tapped the  plastic, cream colored land-line next to her desk, looking quite retro.  "Or. With permission from doc, you can make a phone call from here."
Sherlock reflected on that. "I wouldn't call her a lunatic. She's…a bit strange. She tried to force-feed me pancakes, but…"
"Will it damage the experiment?"
in time," Sherlock huffed, "but going
happened. Unlikely. I bet you anything she went over there, decked out in a teddy and thigh highs and she couldn’t
"I haven't the faintest idea  what you're going to say," John lied innocently.
(See the end of the chapter for
John was giving Sherlock a disapproving look.
Sherlock turned and watched John go into the bathroom and stand in front of the mirror, examining his reflection. John sighed and turned on the faucet in the sink and grabbed his toothbrush. Sherlock stared as John began his morning routine.
“Maybe not say that on an unsecured phone?” John suggested, his mind rapidly cataloguing years of illegal and morally dubious acts. He went to Rosie’s door and carefully peeked inside. His toddler daughter was sleeping soundly in her crib, surrounded by an army of stuffed animals. He crept inside and closed the curtains at the window, looking out briefly to see if anything was unusual in the neighborhood. His street was dark and quiet, bare trees rustling in November wind, brown leaves skittering down the sidewalks.
John said, “Sherlock. Listen to me. Its not real. Its something you’re imagining.” He felt like he was telling himself this as well, not just Sherlock.
,"  John said, taking another angry step down, and at that Sherlock  retreated a step. "You're acting like I'm a bigot. Like I can't josh  you. Like…you don't deserve to be knocked down a few pegs when you're  acting like a complete and total ass."
Sherlock raised his hand.
The nurse  was sitting at her work station, reviewing the visitor log, preparing  for visiting hours. She was black and had striking blue eye shadow  and jingling hoop earrings. Without looking up from her task, she  pointed to the community room. "You can use it in the visitor center  room during calling hours." She had a thick Haitian accent, everything  she said dripped with unintentional
of years. We paint. We write letters. We take photographs. We make videos. We can even make rudimentary holograms now. Humans are absolutely adept at capturing the moment, recording it and preserving it and we're getting better and better at it every day. There's nothing revolutionary about it. It would just be another app for your smart phone, another charge on your credit, a useless gadget. It would just be a very, very advanced photograph; the past preserved, but us unable to influenced or change what happens. What would the extraordinary effort of inventing and perfecting time travel be
John deserved  every injury visited on him.
. The self control you exerted provided you balance, discipline, faith and strength. Why would you ever give that up? It's been the most liberating, empowering force in your life. You feel true to yourself. You feel ten feet tall. You've never had to compromise this vision. Celibacy is a part of you. A defining part of your identity. It doesn't matter if no one else understands."
Sherlock's cheek twitched angrily. "That wasn't meant for you. That was meant for John."
John's anger flared. "I'm not  going to let you make this
, huh?”
He turned the corner. Baker Street was in sight. He drew closer as the red Speedy’s awning was in sight.
It was a crowded, busy night and nobody seemed to mind. Besides, it was the kind of merry, hearty laughter that lifted spirits rather than grated nerves, the kind of laughter you heard at a wedding. And it was a casual, well-lit place where the tables were close together and the menu was simple. This wasn't a place for quiet conversations anyway.
John slowly tried to untangle himself from Sherlock. He sat up on his knees and looked blankly ahead. “Sherlock,” he said, emotionless again. “I think…I’m…I just want to lay down.”
John said nothing. He looked down at the floor.
"Out?  What do you mean
Molly turned  around, not looking at Sherlock. She didn't say anything as she walked  back towards the office, her steps stiff and angry and fed-up.
"Adoption?" John echoed, looking at his friend bewildered.
“Oh. Good. Yes, you
“John,” Sherlock sighed. “You are a
Molly cocked her head curiously. "Why?"
“No.”
Sherlock didn’t answer.
Had it been unlocked all night? When was the last time he even opened this door…?
Sherlock turned around and went to the back kitchen door. He tested the knob. He looked between the curtains and then shut them. He took the key out of the door and extended it to John. “Keep this door locked and do not, under any circumstances, open it.”
. A hate crime!
Lestrade  thought for a moment. "Hmm. He
He chucked the needle to the floor and sat dazed a moment. Then he settled back into the sofa, snuggling up on to his side and drawing his knees to his chest, closed his eyes and tried to drift off for a little nap.
." He looked at John. "Not to mention the fact if you think so little of homosexuals, and you think
, which you did, for years. Even now, you don't feel like you've reached your maximum potential.  Maybe you never will. Maybe there's no limit to what you can achieve."
Lestrade asked, "I don't  have any sisters. I don't know what you do when you have it out with  your sister."
“Three kisses. Kiss. Kiss. Kiss. I hope they were worth it.”
Sherlock pled, “John,
"Yesss," Sherlock purred.
“Ignore that,” Harry snapped. “Get him some pancakes, too. That man needs pancakes.”
"Ah." John inhaled, puffing up his chest. Now he understood. "Feeling the consequences of making that post on his blog?"
Sherlock panicked. Surely, John wasn’t going to…? He firmly squared himself, stiffening his back, thrusting out his chest, closing his fists and lowering his head to look menacing and ready for a fight. “No,” Sherlock said firmly and loudly.
John's whole spirit sank, down, down to the floor. The back of his neck flashed hot, prickling with sweat, while a chill settled between his shoulder blades.
His heart was pounding in his throat. He checked the lock for the third time, trying to force the knob with all his strength, not satisfied it would hold until his wrist hurt with the effort.
Sherlock muttered unintelligibly to himself. But, facing away, he nodded twice. John wasn’t sure if it was an affirmation or if Sherlock was gathering his thoughts. He was being so jerky and agitated, it was hard to tell.
"A lot of money, I bet," Willis suggested.
Sherlock took a steadying breath. “You want another beer?”
Mycroft waited expectantly. He folded his hands in front of him.
“Mrs. Hudson, I don’t think it’s anything as serious as you think. But I better go check on John.”
"I know," Sherlock said. "But…I've been alive for a great many years longer than you have. I assure you, I never did any of those things anyway."
He'd invited
"I'm just really,
Sherlock kept looking up at the ceiling, his body limp and relaxed in his seat. He wasn't smiling anymore, lost in thought.
"He could probably use a drink and a good night's sleep."
He  could make a run for it, into the hospital, see Sherlock, Mycroft be
John did not die that night.
Sherlock waited.
The phone rang again.
who can help struggling young men like…"
the heat wave is going to end tomorrow.” He looked glumly over his shoulder at John. “How do I look?”
that a small child could fall down." Sherlock pressed his index fingers to his lips again, thinking. "It's madness to think the consulting business can thrive if there's an infant around, crying and being needy, so a sitter or
"Well, I'm not excited about it, no," John admitted, scratching his unshaven chin. "Have I really been that quiet? I didn't realize."
They got to the front door of 221b and Sherlock went up the stairs first, digging in his pockets for his keys. As he turned the lock, John’s nudged Sherlock’s elbow. Sherlock looked over his shoulder at John. “What?”
John paused at the door before looking over his shoulder at Sherlock. "Hey. Um. Sorry for what I said."
And Sherlock saw John at the end of the hallway.
"I…I don't…I don't…" John looked over at Lestrade, who shrugged at him in turned. John looked at Mrs. Hudson, who put up her hands. John looked back at Molly. "What the
Standing in the wet snow, Sherlock said accusingly, "I'm tired of living in regret. I'm not going to think about you anymore. Kindly leave me and my thoughts alone."
So Sherlock became very quiet, very disciplined and very focused. Because Sherlock was very fond of John's wrist watch and army mug and they were in the box and Sherlock liked his John-box so much, so very,
might upset him."
hot, if I was burning alive, would I even be scared to jump? Would I  even fear the impact? Or would I be in so much pain that the reptile  brain would just take over, fight or flight, right over the ledge  without rational thought? Of course, it couldn't have been blissfully  fearless as that. Just
He didn't understand his own feelings. What had Sherlock  done that offended him so much? What was
Sherlock  studied John's face. Sensing he'd already made an error of some kind,  he looked down at his laptop screen and scrolled furiously, read  something and then looked back up at John. "Or I can listen," Sherlock  corrected. "That is, if you want to talk. I'm flexible."
Mycroft  pointed the gun at himself and studied the barrel, making John's breath  catch in his throat. He directed it away again. "Three distinct rings  of lipstick. At least three attempts on three different days. If it were  all at once, he would have smeared and rubbed off the rings while they  were fresh and moist. Each unique imprint had time to dry." He exhaled,  letting tension escape. "He was absolutely on edge for at least those  three days."
“What are you
John snorted. "You hate children."
But now the case was solved. A rapist was in jail. All those bottled up feelings came out in a rush. The relief was tangible. Two men who hadn't let one emotion escape for nearly four weeks now laughed so hard that nervous tears streamed down their faces. John was surprised to see even Sherlock weeping as he laughed, face red, anxiety released, and he privately wondered if Sherlock's psychopathy was a talent he'd learned and perfected over time rather than a condition he was born with.
"Everything I do, I do in the spirit of…"
," Sherlock insisted pleasantly. "I need my medical examiner."
Mycroft rolled his shoulders. Composure regained, all hope for the truth was lost. "I'm afraid there's nothing to be done now. It's just going to have to play itself out."
Sherlock beamed. He'd asked her to say it earlier, just to hear how she would pronounce it, and she'd ignored him. "Thank you. That was lovely."
Then he was kicked in the back, hard.  Sherlock tumbled down suddenly into a hole, muddy and cold. He landed hard on John's body, what he knew
Do you think I'm a liar?" Now Molly wasn't just loud, she was talking down to him like he was stupid.
He wanted to see Mrs. Hudson again.
." But it was the kind of smug 'sorry' now where he didn't really mean it, like he was proud to make someone else miserable. "I just…have never seen you and Sherlock together socially. I know that you've known him longer than me and maybe you have some history I don't know about…but…in the two years we've been flat mates, he's never mentioned you." John exhaled. "Not once."
Mycroft looked quietly out  his own window, ignoring John's struggle.
John kept his hands in  Sherlock's, squeezing still.
John stood up warily and blindly, holding onto the table as he rose and pushed his chair out from under his bottom with his thighs. "In the UK."
John reached down for Sherlock’s furiously scrubbing hands. “Are you
With one cheek puffed out from a mouthful of food, Sherlock lifted and waggled his empty plate mutely.
"Um," Molly mumbled impotently. "My phone…"
and clean this mess up!”
try eventually, given your hero-worship of me and your general nature to want to please me, but despite your healthy curiosity, you
Sherlock just stared at Willis.
, so I leave you with this advice: tread carefully, John Watson, and  steer clear of Sherlock Holmes."
John, sensing his opportunity, lunged at Sherlock, pushing his lips against Sherlock’s.
"You were a prepubescent when the teasing and the bullying became unbearable.  And you despised them. Everything they valued, you found repulsive. Their love of popular culture…"
What was happening up there? In that sitting room right now?
"I don't think you're…"
Harry turned her attention back to Sherlock. “Anyway. Where was I? Right. The video.”
Sherlock  put his hands on his hips, feeling accomplished.
But no matter how long Sherlock shouted, John didn't come back. John was gone.
He quickly looked back at Rosie’s bedroom door, and it was just as he left it. He looked up at the clock in the kitchen and it was only 2:45am now, and the clock hands ticked,
, I didn't…" He stopped.
Sherlock sighed. "I mean, we could make
"No."
Lestrade asked, "How many times did you try and make peace with John? How many times did you offer to talk it out? How many times did he respond with hostility? With violence?"
So he plotted out his final days. He took the old white board from the closet, the one he'd used to plot his recovery, now he would plot his demise. He couldn't find dry-erase markers in any store. Kids these days with their holograms. "What's a dry-erase marker?" the clerk had asked with attitude. Whatever. He wasn't going to reuse the board again, so he used a permanent marker. Those he still had in a drawer in the flat.
," Sherlock finished. "I do it in the spirit of
“I could come to you. So you can be with him a little while longer.”
Sherlock turned his face left and right, studying his reflection in the mirror over the sink.
with you?”
that made it possible for extreme world views like
Harry pushed the plate back.
Sherlock stared unbelieving. "What?"
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
Electricity jolted up John's spine as he imagined the possibilities: "Moriarty?"
John  quickly tucked his gun into his jeans and smoothed his jacket over it.  "But…what does being gay have to do with anything?"
He steepled his hands and pressed his lips to his own fingers. "I wonder if that's how John feels when he looks at me, the same way I felt when I first saw Jim. I wonder if I make him sick. I wonder if I embarrass him." Sherlock was quiet a moment. Reflecting. Then his lips trembled. He dropped his hands back down on the table, seizing his coffee cup and resuming dissecting what he could without totally unraveling the cup.
"Why?" Mycroft asked. "Because he isn't in his right mind? Because he isn't thinking through his decisions? Making his deeply personal struggle public in a
Sherlock blinked at that.
Mycroft added as he moved on, "…and I would like to express my gratitude more thoroughly, but there's something
." He stood up from the stool and was pleased  when Molly backed away. "You went from admiring me, harboring
He laid there for four weeks until Harry signed the papers to take John off life support.
For the rest of the climb, Sherlock  remained one step behind John. He did not smile and there was no talking  between the two men for the ride home.
"Yeah." John sat up eagerly, clearing his throat. "I mean. This is the first we've talked about it. I don't want to rush into anything. There's a lot to think about." He stood up and went for the door.
“Thank you for agreeing to meet with me,” Sherlock said, settling down.
He was giddy with filthy and forbidden implications of it all.
“You need context! It’s critical!”
you. John."
, we just live together. If you don’t like how I conduct myself, there’s the door! Find another flat, find another job. I don't care.”
since you called. I have mentally gone over every case we’ve ever had, thinking about everyone we’ve ever pissed off. There’s no shortage of people who probably want us dead, and that’s just the people I know, that doesn’t include anybody working behind the scenes.” John paused. “Have you been crying?”
,” Sherlock spat.
what I said. I specifically said you shouldn’t feel like you should devote your life to the care of a disabled child because of your sterility. You are not ‘damaged goods,’ you are not ‘inferior,’ however your feelings of inadequacy might make you
Sherlock said, "I think John is capable of hurting himself. I think that he's desperate and irrational. I think that he's been damaged since Afghanistan, that he's been suffering in silence all this time! Remember your story about the dog video? About wishing that anyone loved him? A rejection of this magnitude, after we've concocted this life plan…" He looked crushed. "God, I've promised him
John  recoiled, his jaw tensing. "You know what? She's not a fucking leper.  She's my girlfriend. And I like her. And you don't get to tell me what's  important. Maybe I want to put her first for once. Except every text  message from you sounds like a terrorist attack. Today it's a bloody car  accident. Tomorrow it might be…you're too lazy to move from your chair  and you need me to come home to put on tea. So fucking excuse me for  being bent out of shape..."
like penis, too." He shrugged. "Just give me a round of applause. You think that's the first thought I want strangers to have of me? I don't see how telling complete strangers, or even people I know, that I'm attracted to men…or even that…I fantasize about…about…certain types of sex acts…that…I don't see how that makes a me a better person." He scowled in disgust. "Its not fair. Its
John didn't answer.
Sherlock jammed his hands in his pockets, looking put-out. "You think I'm…rationalizing, don't you?" He rocked back on his heels. "That I'm…trying to write a happy ending for John in my mind."
Sherlock asked, "What are you getting at? What are you saying? That…no disabled child could live up to my expectations?”
“And you, too?”
remained programmed into her phone.
John didn't respond in any way.
…I discovered… I’m dirt.”
Lestrade cleared his throat.  He asked, "Have you looked for him?"
He realized, in the middle of the room, from
John turned to Sherlock in the pitch blackness. Blindly, he swiped at nothing until he found Sherlock's wrist. They clasped hands and Sherlock placed the lighter in John's palm.
"Enjoy," John said, disinterested.
Sherlock glanced up at John in surprise.
” and he could see Eurus’s dead expression staring at him through the black window over the sink and John bolted up from his chair with such abruptness that the chair fell over backwards and hit the floor loudly.
him. Ultimately, the man decided not to jump, which neither pleased nor disappointed Sherlock. He had simply examined the situation and provided all the relevant data so the man could make an informed choice.
John was rubbing his eyes, then froze.
Sherlock leapt up and paced around the room in a panic.
In contrast, Sherlock was sharply dressed and freshly showered, which meant he had a case on the brain. He leaned forward a bit, resting his elbows on his knees. "
Sherlock waved merrily back as he was ushered out the door. The nurses led him through the corridor. They turned a corner, out of the behavioral science unit and into the general hospital. This hallway was dim. Only the emergency lights illuminated the floor. Sherlock frowned. "What is this?" he asked. "What, are you taking me away to be murdered?"
. "Sherlock talks to
John absently rubbed the stubble on his chin, deep in thought. “I want to say ‘I can’t believe he’d keep a cancer diagnosis secret from his family,’ but…its Mycroft Holmes, so of course he did. Why wasn’t he on the other side of the world seeing a whoever’s the world’s best oncologist?”
Sherlock's goal hadn't been to
John studied Mycroft's face, saw how the other man's face fell in an uncharacteristic way that should have been beneath him. John could see how his body language, usually finely tuned to exude authority and control, was showing signs of fatigue of impending defeat. Something serious had transpired in the past twelve hours. Something more severe than the bruising of Sherlock's pride.
In which Sherlock and John have dinner and negotiations begin.
But when John’s phone rang, Sherlock immediately dropped everything, literally. He stood up too fast in surprise, lost his grip on the oven mitts, and in turn, the kettle.
"I can stage things if you'd like," Sherlock offered. "Make it look like a drug overdose so there'll be no questions."
putting anything or anyone else before him, but he'll
"Sorry," Molly said. "Hello again then, Mycroft. Sorry I didn't remember…"
Sherlock  felt his stomach muscles clench. He wasn't sure if he should be happy  or not. He typed:
"What? What is it?”
John tried to breathe evenly. He could smell phantom smoke in his nose and hear the trembling voice of an old blind lady saying
him to. That day in  the hospital, when Harry took him off life-support, I thought was I was experiencing was numbness--Comforting, wonderful numbness. Something my psyche did to protect me. But, no. That wasn't it at all. It was nothing short of an affirmation."
John was exasperated. "He's not a
Sherlock was incredulous. "She's lovely."
"Of course," John assured him. "Nothing at all will be different. One thing has nothing to do with another, after all. I imagine you'll always be thankless, tactless. Messy. The other thing…well, it's not something I dwell on."
“Expecting someone else Mr. Holmes?”
Sherlock opened his mouth, then closed it. He reflected. No, he really didn't. But he did want John to be himself again and talking through problems was what 'normal' people did. "It doesn't require much effort on my part to lend an ear," Sherlock offered.
Sherlock blinked, sinking down into his seat. “Ah.” He rocked back and forth, daring to let himself smile in relief and pride. “Really?”
Sherlock spun around, shaking, running his hands through his messy hair. His thoughts were racing out of control and he couldn't isolate a single idea long enough to hold on. He caught his own wild reflection in the mirror. "I wouldn't!" he shouted accusingly at himself. "I wouldn't ever…! Well, how do
Younger Sherlock slowly laced his fingers together, listening with full attention.
did he post?"
John  nodded and closed his eyes.
“Oh. Yes sir.”
John didn’t lean towards or away from Sherlock. He just bowed his head and cupped his hand over his eyes. He said nothing.
was how it was going to be. He scowled. "Oh, come on. Don't do this to me."
?" John repeated.
"No, let  me say it. I have to say it all," Lestrade insisted. He went on, "You  know…they don't think much of me. My team. They all roll their eyes at  me whenever Sherlock shows up. They think I can't do it on my own, that I  play fast and loose with the rules, that I set a bad example for the  younger officers. And they're right, John. I got no business being a DI.  And then, and
John huffed, "
could have just as easily been her  target had his activities in the morgue disturbed her instead. All the  same. It was reassuring to know Molly was a potential serial killer  under all that gracelessness.
Sherlock felt his insides wilt, crumble, disintegrate.  “Learn
Sherlock said defensively, “You worked very hard to become a doctor and rather than start a practice here at home, you went to war and exposed yourself to danger for no other reason than to support your country. It’s nothing I ever would have done myself. Your courage is startling and your selflessness remarkable. You’re taller than me by
John hung back. "Um. No. I don't actually know who he is…" With uncertainty, he looked after Sherlock's face. But Sherlock's head had limply fallen to the side, his eyes closed peacefully. "He's…just a stranger."
Afterwards, Lestrade and his team were unusually proud of Sherlock, patting him on the back and telling him what a
"I feel better," Sherlock volunteered without being prompted a second time.
Again, there was no answer.
get your text. I'm glad you went to the hospital. How is it…?"
"No,"  John said. "I'll go to trial. I'll let you drag my name through the  mud. Then I'll plead guilty. I'll serve time if that's what it takes.  You can't make me abandon Sherlock. Not now. Not when he needs me."
, Sherlock. Don't do this to yourself."
It was now several weeks  after the fact and John thought they were both adjusting nicely, partly  due to the fact there was very little to adjust to. Sherlock didn't  reveal he had a secret boyfriend. He didn't suddenly take on feminine  mannerisms or reveal a lingerie obsession or leave lip gloss on the  bathroom vanity or answer anonymous craigslist ads for hook-ups. He  didn't start flirting with strangers. He didn't linger in John's  personal space or make any advances or comments or gestures or  unnecessary physical contact.
"And Sherlock's not willing to…?"
Sherlock shrugged. "I just…I was just acclimating myself to what you wanted…"
John yelped a little, coming out of his stupor. He looked up at Sherlock, bewildered. "Oh. I didn't hear you come in."
But  Mycroft gave no instructions. He glanced back out the window at John.  With a flick of his fingers, he pushed a button and lowered the window  to let John see him back.
Sherlock said, "You've been surfing websites for commercial surrogates, women who will agree to carry your baby, or anyone's baby, in exchange for money, which is illegal."
For a long while, there was only silence in the flat; an eerie, unsettling silence, accompanied by the occasional creaking beam and the cries of wind outside. The window panes clanked and shuddered in protest.
larger flat! We're going to have to
"Didn't object too much that I walked my own sister down the aisle," John finished abruptly. "Just so long as they were absolved of their own obligation to be there. They sent a nice card."
One of the male nurses took Sherlock by the upper arm and pulled him forward.
than a soldier’s nerves. “I can see you!” he lied. “Get out of here!”
John was  furious. Scowling, he whirled to face Lestrade. "You
Or…or done something worse than leaving?" Sherlock lifted his chin with indignation. "First of all, I'd get
"There's lots of drifters and bums in the park this time of year," one man said with a shrug. "They all look the same to me."
Sherlock said seriously, "How is it? Under the table."
He lay there for just fifteen minutes.
Every instinct screamed inside him to rise from his seat and turn and see John,
But Sherlock was still in his own personal hell, even now.
this?
Sherlock nodded, taking mental  notes eagerly. "Then what?"
John  wasn't smiling. "Mrs. Hudson, this isn't a coming out party. Sherlock…"
my friend," John repeated, more slowly  this time, tasting the words as if understanding them for the first  time. John sank down a bit, wobbling. He crouched down, head between his  knees and started hyperventilating. Reality was sinking in. "Sherlock  was my friend…"
shade. He didn't pick it, Sherlock has no taste. Someone with  experience helped him select it, found a color to compliment his  complexion."
. That's ridiculous."
, and shut  off his phone again.
John hadn't been crying out for God's intervention. John had been crying out for their
because he knew you would lord it over him. He only accepted your used mobile phone, the expensive one that was nearly brand-new, the one you didn’t want anymore because it was a gift from your soon-to-be ex-wife. I suppose you
It was automatic. It was instinctual. Sherlock knew from experience he couldn't interact with the past, that no one could hear him or see him, but he called out for John the moment he saw him. Because he desperately wanted to look at John as much as possible, and John was facing the opposite direction at that moment, taking a leisurely stroll down Baker Street, headed home by the looks of it.
wasn't fantastic. That's not what I meant.
Sherlock noted the way John lowered his voice in shame. "What difference does that make?"
"Mornings are crazy. You should see us all trying to muscle in on the coffee."
John shrugged. "I'm sure you can. Now, this has been…interesting, but my arms are tired and I want to go home. Why don’t you run along and stop embarrassing yourself?"
, and everything is in ruins again and I can’t walk down the halls, and things are falling all around me and I’m getting crushed by…everything, and I have to muscle that door shut again, if I can find it.” Sherlock sucked in his breath. “I’m not alone in here.”
John lowered his hands. "We need to cool down."
," Donovan said firmly.
John was stunned.
John released Lestrade and nodded.  "Yeah. Yeah, I'm ready."
The thing about Sherlock's  coming out was this; nothing changed.
Sherlock stared straight at John. As he inhaled his next breath, his chest puffed up and he rose his chin up. “Ah. Yes. I forgot.” His jaw flexed. “Please, conceive your child with whatever ethically compromised method you see fit.”
John eyed the breakfast table, seeing his laptop and a pile of papers and two abandoned coffee mugs and other assorted clutter. He fixated on it, breathing deeply through flared nostrils. He lunged for it.
Sherlock was relieved that  John spent so much time away. When John was away, sometimes Sherlock  worked, sometimes tortured his violin, but mostly he continued to type  his thoughts in a long, apprehensive stream of consciousness recorded in  a text document. The exercise helped Sherlock order his thoughts.  Eventually, when he worked up the nerve, he would approach John and try  to have a conversation again.
“Panic attack,” Sherlock wheezed, holding out his shaking hands. “I keep compartmentalizing it. I have to. I can’t…” He started taking exaggerated, deep breaths. “Every time I start thinking about it, my mind starts to race. I haven’t been able to really examine the information because every time I do, I start…I start…and…then…then I can’t think at all and I have to start over.” Sherlock trembled.  “It flings open every door in my mind palace. It contaminates every room. Everything is wrong. It flips over every table and tears down the shelves and everything is in pieces everywhere.”
To be continued.
He took night classes, not because he needed flexibility or because he needed to accommodate a work schedule, but because it was less embarrassing. He was surrounded by other adults. It didn’t work. The other people he met were his intellectual inferiors by far. Pretending to be their peer made him feel worse. But he went anyhow.
His John was gone.
Lestrade thought. "What are you writing?"
Sherlock sighed, “Yes, I know. I’ve read the blog. And I, likewise, am very fond of him. Nonetheless, he is firmly heterosexual.”
The older Sherlock watched the younger Sherlock's expressions quickly cycle through the seven stages of grief. When he arrived at acceptance, he asked quietly, "You've had a life time to think this through, obviously. Is there no other way?"
Sherlock shut up.
The nurse announced, "Okay boys. You can  go in now."
Sherlock muttered, “Um. Alright.” He’d never felt so out of depth in his life. He had been certain there was nothing left on heaven or earth that could surprise him. And he felt so shaken up that he needed a Dramamine and a long nap.
outside his expertise. The whole subject was utterly foreign to him. He didn't know what to say.
Sherlock said earnestly, “Dying? John’s not dying. Why do you think that?”
John closed his phone and pressed it against his chest.
Molly's fists clenched in front of her. "It's  harder to kill yourself than you think." She slightly jutted out her  chin, like she knew from experience. "I bet you can't do it."
Harry took his hand and shook firmly. “How do you do?” Harry, Sherlock noted with surprise, was taller than John. Yet, he concluded she was younger. Well-off, steadily employed, a professional job. Her hair was a predictable, instantly forgettable bob, colored ginger with bold with gold highlights. Fake hair color. Naturally, she was a dirty blond, like John. Her right-off-the-rack department store pant-suit oozed non-threatening, corporate career woman.  She was average in every way.  Like John.
John settled back down into the couch, pulling his knees up to his chest and propping his laptop on his knees, hiding his face behind it.
The office was dark, the door  shut. The lights were off in the morgue. Sherlock simply let himself  into the lab.
heart of the matter;
Lestrade sighed. "As soon as she comes home, I'll tell  her. If she ever comes home." He smirked.
"Mycroft," his mother admonished, "
"John, I don't
"The Game," John finished, "The Work, I know."
“Today, I’ll make an exception,” Sherlock said. He went to John and held out his hand. “Up, up! We have work to do. Let’s go ruin some marriages.”
"Did you really just raise your hand and wait to be called on like you were in a class room?"
. I don't believe in an afterlife. I don't believe we're punished for our sins or rewarded for our good deeds in the hereafter, or that our loved ones look down at us in scorn or affection and I don't believe we're reunited when we die. If we want to make the most our ourselves, if we want to 'honor' the people we know, we ought to do it when it matters; when we're here, when we're together. Everything else is just empty sentiment." Sherlock paused. "I think the coffee's ready." He got back up. "Sugar? Cream?"
John swallowed his food and it was more audible than he wanted. "Okay. Spectacular." Except Sherlock didn't think anything was spectacular except cold trails and blood stains.
John snorted humorlessly. “Right. Sherlock. Are you
One rainy afternoon, at the  New Scotland Yard, Sherlock and John were climbing down a stair well.  Their shoes were wet. John seemed to struggle with his footing on the  slippery landing and Sherlock reached up and touched John's elbow, to  steady him.
More crashing on the other end of the phone. "Molly! You're not helping!" Sherlock howled. "I am progressively regretting becoming involved with you. YOU ARE RUINING MY LIFE."
No. They hadn't talked. Not in a long, long while.
“I thought you were being rhetorical,” Sherlock snorted bitterly. "John, that is
Lestrade said opportunistically, "You should come over sometime. See the mad house for yourself."
baby, no matter what!”
Suddenly, he was calm, conversational. "Soon, probably. The nurse doesn't like my temper tantrum. She's shaking her head at me. She's motioning for other nurses. Oh great. That's five damn nurses."
Sherlock, with John at his side, solved six such cases that afternoon.
John asked, "Have you ever had a girl?”
"This isn't some fleeting impulse, then," Sherlock said, horrified. "You've thought about this at
“You know that thing you do?” John said. “The one where you know what’s wrong by deducing it? Do that. Do that and don’t make me say it all out loud or I’ll throw up.”
Sherlock thought a moment, taking a sip of his coffee. “I’ve been known to compartmentalize. It’s something Mycroft taught me years ago. And I know he told me something….terrible.” He paused. “Let me see if I can find it. I have a place for troubling, nagging thoughts.” He set his coffee on the counter and closed his eyes.
And John had used Sherlock's
"Are you kidding?" John laughed, "I can't think of anything more difficult for you; keeping your attention on something that disinterests you."
to be intimidated by me.  Now here you are. You know I'm gay. You think less of me. That's how
Sherlock shouted at John,  anger rising in him for the first time; "You called me a
"I can become more self-aware," Sherlock rambled. "I can restrain my behavior further, retrain my mind. Instead of rejecting my sexuality outright, I can re-direct it." His voice was resolute.
Sherlock grimaced.
"For a minute. I thought I wanted to."
Some stupid crap about you not being a man." Sherlock folded his arms hatefully across his chest, ducking his head down and away. "Honestly, I don't know which is worse; the fact that you…that you…did what you did…or that you're
Sherlock  looked mesmerized. Then his whole body shuddered in the effort to keep  his emotions controlled. He very nearly lost his composure right then  and there.
A moment he was missing!
Molly's  face was contorting, her nose turning red. "You really would, wouldn't  you? You would really tell me you were going to kill yourself and then  go and do it. You're so horrible." She stepped forward aggressively.  "You're such a spiteful, hateful person!"
he didn't want to be part of this case. He'd gently prodded Sherlock, asked him to let this one go, warned Sherlock that organized crime was too big, too dangerous and unpredictable for a couple of civilians, and
And one of these days,
Sherlock went completely still.
at the idea that someone, anyone, thought he would ever, ever
He found a chair and sat down in it and thought for a long time.
a homosexual, that means you think very little of
soundtrack in the stereo and snog by firelight. Do it.
“Fight a woman to take her baby, yes. Using your fists and your feet and your teeth and your nails and anything you could reach. Would you take it, by any means necessary?”
"Molly Hooper," Mycroft greeted, looking her over in a mixture of relief and sympathy. "I apologize for the inconvenient timing but Sherlock asked specifically for
Sarah  was horrified. "Don't let people hear you talk like that. I don't…I  don't care if…I don't care, don't you have any sense of  self-preservation? I mean….can't youlie? Can't you at least pretend  you're sorry?"
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
John rubbed  his eyes drowsily. "Hmm?" He had fallen asleep in the arm chair. He  never even toed his shoes off. His coat was half-on. Looking around the  dark flat, John could see they left their front door open. They must  have been pretty drunk when they came home. His head still buzzed a bit.
"John is sensible and careful as well as brave," Sherlock retorted. "He doesn't need
Sherlock was not lost on John's reaction. He looked down at himself, as if he had just spilled something all over his shirt. "Oh," he said critically of himself. "Excuse me. I'm drunk."
John nodded. “Okay.”
The old man crouched beside Sherlock and shook his shoulders fiercely. "I need to know what you saw! Can you hear me?"
He wanted to see Mycroft again.
that about yourself, that you’re easily subject to manipulation and you think, eventually, if we took that route of parenting together…we’d…oh.” He went still. “Oh.” His grip relaxed on John’s wrists as his mind came to grips with this new information. “Jesus Christ, what the
John  swatted Sherlock's hands away and began up the stairs.
And not only was that what John was thinking
Sherlock hesitated. He'd never told Willis anything about himself, nothing about his intellect or his work as a consulting detective. He wondered for the first time why. Then he realized this was the first friendship/relationship/companionship he'd had in a decade. Sherlock hadn't known he was a changed man until he saw himself reflected in Willis's eyes.
Willis threw down the electrodes. Usually he monitored Sherlock's brain activity. The doors at the university were never locked and they had never been caught. "Why didn't you tell me that?" Willis demanded.
He and John were reunited.
"You know what I mean," Sherlock said.
Sherlock stepped in John’s path, grabbing him. “No! No! Stop it!” He wrestled with John a moment, John squirming in Sherlock’s arms. After just a few seconds, John’s attention was diverted again, and he backed up, drifting aimlessly. He took a few dizzy steps and then slipped on the glass on the floor, landing on his knees. On the floor, John just slumped over, muttering incoherently.
John nodded stiffly and finished sweeping. He used a dust bin to gather the glass shards and deposited them in the garbage. Then he put the broom back in the corner and went out of the kitchen. "I'm off to my appointment. Try not to burn the place down before I get back."
Harry beamed. “Oh
“Then why not an adopted baby?” John asked pointedly. “If it’s all the same to you.”
John stopped at the end of the hallway, cradling his candle. “Sherlock?”
interested in having a baby of her own and wouldn't want to become a caregiver to another woman's baby." Sherlock sent his text and pocketed his phone. "It's not an unfounded fear. You'll have to think very carefully about what you want to do."
Harry fumbled with the coffee maker, shoveling heaping scoops of coffee in the filter. "Because you don't
He made it a game to keep John occupied. Sherlock made all the observations and then, ignoring the complaining wife or husband, tried to wheedle John into making the deductions. Sherlock tried to make it obvious and straight forward, but he wanted John engaged, he wanted John focused on anything but himself.
Really gone.
Sherlock responded, both smiling and shaking; "There's no  one else to tell." And it was the truth. He had no friends. He never did.
A sudden thunderstorm broke the oppressive heat wave.
it?” John gushed, gathering his legs under him so he was curled up. “Sherlock.
Major miscalculation.
that  was
Sherlock's finger tips played with the heat guard of his cup. "I'm concerned about you," he said finally.
"It was exhausting," Sherlock admitted, putting his own napkin on his plate. "I don't know when I'll be able to eek out another nice thing to say about you."
"Cocksucker."
John stood silently in the doorway of  their flat. He held his cell in his hand. He slid it shut and pocketed  it.
"Aww,  Mrs. Hudson," Lestrade praised, turning around a wiping a gleeful tear  from his eye. "That's lovely. Surely, John, there isn't anything
"I dunno. Something."
Sherlock took it, his face somber. "I was…confident about my decision."
, that will be your life."
Sherlock jammed his hands in his pockets, toeing the floor. "John? Does this mean you're going to move out and be a single dad?"
," Mycroft  concluded with confidence. "
Sherlock knew he’d been caught. “John, listen. There’s no reason to be upset. I was going to tell you about Harry right away. I wasn’t intentionally keeping it from you.”
John made a motion with his hand, gesturing at himself and Sherlock. "
Molly said, "I said, 'I'm friends with Sherlock' and you said, 'I don't know.'
“Um. Well,” Sherlock began cautiously. “There’s a certain…implication. After all, if you aren’t the biological father, then
Everyone's shoulder's drooped as they understood.
That's  not what John agreed to.
"It was a good case," John contemplated. "I'll really enjoy writing this one up."
From then on, their former  friendship was abbreviated to "Good morning," and "Good night."  Sherlock's promise to not summon John short of an 'emergency' made him  reluctant to contact John at all, or even look up from his laptop when  John walked by.
for detective work.
He would reach out in front of himself and cup the air and tried to remember what John felt like. How his hand felt under Sherlock’s fingers. His checkered shirts with the top button undone, the white undershirt peeking out. John's small mouth and fine, blonde stubble and how wide his smile could become and how John's whole face would crinkle under the effort. John had wrinkles like a pug, all that sun damage from the desert uv rays. When John smiled, it was ridiculous and infectious and it made Sherlock smile, too.
Sherlock snorted.
Mycroft remained perfectly still for a moment. Then his shoulders sank and he exhaled a shaking sigh. He turned around slowly and wiped his brow with his sleeve, his hand visibly shaking. Then he straightened his tie and smoothed his hands down the front of his jacket. He cleared his throat. "Please excuse that," he said absently and politely, as if a dog had messed in the middle of a Christmas party and he were beckoning the maid. "I'm sorry you all had to listen to that. Please excuse me." He patted his breast pocket anxiously, looking for his handkerchief he'd handed to John, forgetting he had parted with it. "Excuse me."
Sherlock was quiet a moment. Then,
Mycroft ducked down the hall and turned a corner.
He went to his childhood home and watched him and Mycroft play silently side-by-side in a sandbox. It was a memory Sherlock had lost.
Sherlock didn’t want to complicate the situation with any unnecessary sentiment, but John’s face was just too grim. Sherlock hesitantly put a hand on John’s shoulder.
Sherlock cradled his face in his hands, ignoring her question. "He's going to move out. We won't be friends anymore. Oh, he'll be polite when he run into each other. If we run into each other. That's what's expected, of course. But inside he'll cringe when he sees me. He'll tighten up inside. There goes Sherlock Holmes, that creepy…." He couldn't finish. He looked broken. "I just touched him."
“Oh!” Sherlock gasped involuntarily, nearly colliding face-first with the door as John seized him and dragged him in. “Feeling better?”
"What are you going to do?" Harry demanded, "Pretend to be boyfriends?"
"You can't just
"I'm glad you're sharing your feelings with me," John encouraged blandly. "There's been a lot of that lately."
Harry waited patiently. Her fake-smile was becoming unnervingly serial killer-like.
father."
At  the top of the stairs, John paused without turning around and his  shoulders slumped.
“What could Mycroft possibly have said, what could he have muttered with his dying breath that turned your brain into a carnival fun house?”
"Shut up," John mocked. "You were
family influence, and that's how you planned to make yourself the father, too, by making me dependent on
"Let me give you some friendly advice," John offered Molly. "Sherlock Holmes may seem larger than life. He may seem…brilliant. And exceptional. And what he does is important and he's the only one who can do it. And if he singles
Sherlock opened his mouth with the intent on defending himself, but in retrospect, there wasn’t anything defensible about chucking the skull through the window. He was even angry at himself for doing it. He continued to deflate. “Yes. Sorry.” He wasn’t sure why he was apologizing. Half the flat was his, technically, and he ought to be able to do what he liked with his portion and there was another whole window untouched next to it. But he wilted under John’s heated anger. “I’m sorry,” he said again, feeling, for once, genuinely chastised. All he wanted was for John to feel better and here he was, making things worse.
John nodded, brushing the crumbs from his chest. He'd over eaten. One of the other traits he'd adopted from Sherlock during their last case was eschewing food. Quite frankly, the grisly details robbed him of appetite anyway. Now his hunger returned at full force. "You don't know Harry. Always making fool decisions, always breaking mom and dad's hearts. Rebellious and stupid. And my parents were very, very conservative. I was stuck in the middle. I had progressive values and I liked to think I was forward-thinking, accepting and non-judgmental, but I thought my sister was a scrubber."
"Leaving?"  Sherlock asked.
Sherlock's heart sank. He'd buried it, or so he'd thought. Of course John would find it.
Preoccupied with the task ahead of him, it took Sherlock twice as long to shave that morning. And his black curls didn’t fall into place as effortlessly as they usually did. He kept running his hands through them, anxious, wondering if he ought to use more gel, but he didn’t dare. He didn’t want to risk leaving it stiff or unnatural looking. Maybe he was over-due for a trim?
This moment was his triumph! His victory! He ought to be able to
Sherlock draped himself over the counter. “Coffee, please,” he asked pleasantly. “
Could it be?
Sherlock hesitated. "That sounds more like partial custody than visitation."
No. Find John. Be brave. Talk it out, one more time, even if nothing comes of it, just try.
0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0
“Is it the pool I’m thinking of?” John asked, tearing his eyes from the door and locking gazes with Sherlock. His nostrils filled with the stench of chlorine, gun powder and sweat.
Of course, Sherlock had not given his younger self the poison pill.
"We?"  John echoed. "It wasn't just you?"
John cocked his head at Sherlock. It wasn't like Sherlock to forget. Yes, currency exchange rates and solar systems, yes, that was all fine and good to delete from the hard drive. But his own train of thought? That was very difficult to derail. John was tempted to point it out. But John was also drunk and he knew better than to call out Sherlock Holmes on a battle of deductions when he didn't think he had the mental faculties to find his way to the men's room without a compass and a guide. So instead, he just shrugged.
"He hasn't done anything wrong. He's been incredible. But if I back out now, he'll think it's a punishment, or a rejection, and I don't want him to think that.  I just need some interference.  Nothing permanent, just for time. Until I can sort some things out. And then, when I'm ready, Sherlock and I…if he still wants to…we can try again."
They were hard rules to keep to, but Sherlock quickly devised ways to keep himself disciplined and on track.
, it just came
The hair on Sherlock's arms and neck bristled.
pay child support and never have custody of your own son or daughter and you'd never have any legal recourse to either recover your money or see your child."
“I told you;
." He pulled the limp Sherlock into his arms. "I never thought to look for you here."
Sherlock snorted. "Give that here." He plucked John's laptop from his grasp.
read John’s blog. Before, Sherlock just knew Billy as the head waiter, and probably the young man knew Sherlock as a regular customer. Chances were, now, that Billy knew about everything about his life from The Woman to Jim Moriarty. It was unsettling, being an accidental celebrity. “No, Billy. Just personal.”
John just looked blank a moment. "Why? You don’t even like beer.
And  that's when Sherlock said it; "I'm gay."
