Dean needed so much more.  He needed hands on his skin.  That connection that only came from intimacy and the physical.  It didn’t need to be sex; not yet, anyway.  But without that touch, he drifted feeling lost in this so-called relationship.  He felt empty without it.  Bereft.  For all the man’s assurances of
Dean pursed his lips and set his phone aside.  “Suppose that’s usual.  I, um, was one.  Once.  For too long.”  He stood, making his easy chair rock a bit, Castiel gripping the rough fabric in response.  Dean paced to the window and in unhinged it, opening it wide.  “I’m not trapping you, Fireball.  I’m not here to . . . anyway.  You probably don’t believe me – which, I can’t blame you for – but I’m not going to pin you in here and do . . . whatever horror story you’re thinking of.”  He waved to the window and walked down the hall of his cabin.  “Just . . . figured you should know.”
“Hrm?”  He blinked surprised the man had woken.
these things?  It seemed so stupid to go out of his way to
Bobby picked up on the second ring, his gruff hello music to Castiel’s ears.  “We have a situation,” Castiel began.  He peered at Benny.  Now would be the time to blow Benny’s supposed cover.  Castiel found he didn’t quite care at the moment.  He had more pressing matters to attend to.
He keened at the honest belief in the word.  The chamber groaned in response, demons shrieking as the structure began to give, caving in at the power of a grieving angel.  He shifted, gripping the withered shoulder of the Righteous Man, ignoring the agonized scream as he did.
man.  But it did finally confirm his suspicions regarding the strangeness of Dean’s home, as well as Sydney’s fears.  If he’d been a hunter, he understood protection against the supernatural.  Charms and wards and God knew what else.
He smiled a bit.  Not only that, but he had to admit he was a bit more interested in Gabriel.  Over email, the guy had come off as a bit of a letch.  That kind of creepy flirty where one always felt a need to shower after.  But face-to-face, the guy was awkward and . . . well, cute.  Definitely cute.  Hot?  Yeah, hot.  Gabriel was hot with the bright blue eyes and messy dark hair.  He’d looked like a deer caught in headlights when in Dean’s store, all stuttering and twitching like a druggie on withdrawal.
Castiel’s eyes went wide.  His legs burned from his hunched position and he still couldn’t quite see straight but damn if he was about to let Dean fall victim to these men.  He shoved open the door, barely announcing
(See the end of the chapter for
Frowning as he exited the car, Castiel muttered, “Don’t pull anything.  You’re supposed to be me, remember?”
And then one day, he did.  It ultimately led to his downfall.  He smiled, soft and sad.  “So you see, we all of our secrets, Dean.  None of us are clean here.”
care.”  Castiel continued to look away from Dean and mumbled something under his breath.
is a weekly, Tumblr-only series I've been doing lately.  So, at the moment, this updates every Sunday.  However, the Ao3 version will be one week behind the Tumblr version.  But, after this initial set up, it'll update every Sunday as well.  :D
kill a man.  Shot to death with no clear answer.  Though it ached in his chest to do so, Castiel read on, his fingers trembling with each turned page.
Fidgeting, Dean crumpled up his burger wrapper.  Okay to want things?  Naw, the things he wanted he couldn’t have.  What he
“Small comfort,” Castiel admitted with sour wryness.
Peering at Dean, the beginning of a frown pulling at his lips, he nodded again.
Not when he knew Dean existed.
Dean frowned.  Another date?  Really?  Then why the change in protocol?  He shifted nervously, his feet tapping on the one patch of hardwood floor in his office.  “Uh, yeah.  No problem.”  Seemed to be a weird request.  But then again, this was Castiel.  He did things so unconventionally, yet, a strange sense of comfort and familiarity followed everything he did.  He never did anything without motive.  And the softness of his voice did little to hide the iron under it all.
Castiel plastered a smile on his face.  “Hm?”  He glanced behind Dean to see a warm, sunny blonde.  His heart sank.  Oh.  He’d been right after all.  Unfortunately.  Swallowing his dismay, he nodded rapidly.  “Oh!  Sure.  A few minutes, Dean.”  He winced when he caught Dean bending toward the blonde, his head bowed as she whispered to him.
regret my decision.  I would not want you to see that as a mark against you.  I did not do that just for
Castiel’s answering smile was one of warm encouragement.  “It is a fitting word, my pet.  Any time I am too much for you or you are unsettled, please don’t hesitate to use it.”
Humming, Dean slid his fingers in, cooing when Castiel whimpered.  “Gotta loosen you up, Cas.  You’re too tight.”  He shifted and crouched over Castiel, thrusting two fingers in slow and sure.  He kissed and nipped the nape of Castiel’s neck, his condom-wrapped dick bumping against Castiel’s balls as they moved.  “I wanna
Dean works at a local news station alongside his co-anchor Pamela Barnes.  Completely professional.  Completely uninteresting.
Dean snorted.  “More talking?”
“Why would I be upset going after something I want?” Dean murmured as he stepped yet closer.
He hissed and looked at his wrists.  The skin had begun stinging horribly the last few days.  Not hard to see why.  His constant scratching had scraped the top layer of skin, leaving red welts about two inches long.  They were darker and longer on his right wrist.  Not as bad on his left.  He sighed and tugged on his flannel, dropping the sleeves down.  Just another goddamn fuckup.
Castiel chuckled.  “They’re well aware of my orientation, Dean.  This town, you’ll find, is a haven for . . . outcasts,” he murmured.  Possibly not the type that Dean would have expected, but no less true.  This town had become a home for the frightened and hunted.  Which only served to remind him of Sydney’s disturbing call.  He peered at Dean for a moment, wondering if he should cast a spell to discern the man’s past.  Guilt swamped him quickly and he swallowed, looking away.
A quirk of the eyebrow and the man snorted.  “Damn, thought I’d heard them all by now,” he muttered.  He slid a card across the counter.  “Name’s Dean.  You, uh, asked about the auto place.  It’s open now.  You think I could leave a few cards here?”
Castiel had for him.  Besides, after their brief one-on-one the day before, Dean was so damn close to ending this whole fiasco that he wasn’t all that certain he wanted to see Castiel.  While he’d held out yesterday, he had his doubts he could keep from begging for Castiel to forget.  That Dean wasn’t mad.  It was all fine.
“What if I wanted to?”
Castiel wrinkled his nose at Dean’s response.  Something about the way he answered it seemed to point out that Dean
loved
Whether from tears or the rain itself, Castiel had trouble seeing as he drove back down Dean’s road.  He rubbed at his eyes, the wipers hissing rapidly under the sudden deluge.  Halfway down the road, he slammed on the brakes, his car sliding sideways.  Hands on the steering wheel, he sucked in air, shaking and horrified.
Dean blushed and shrugged.  ”Lucky guess?”  He squawked when Castiel grabbed his injured shoulder, digging his thumb in.  ”Ow!  Fuck, you sadist!” he growled.  He jerked out of Castiel’s grip, pouting almost.  ”Jesus.  Goddamn asshole.”
Myriad cars lined the normally quiet street and filled Dean’s tiny parking lot behind the shop.  He drove a few blocks away and managed to find a spot to squeeze his car in.  He hoped the walk to the store would calm him but if anything, his heart thundered wilder and his palms began to sweat.  Twice he turned around and began to walk back to his car, prepared to flee for home and pretend he’d never met Dean Winchester and just let it all crumble.
Dean exploded over his fingers with a pained gasp, half rising out of his chair as he did.  He shivered and shook, fingers trembling, come spattering his hand and the edge of his desk.  What little ecstasy he took from the fantasy soured immediately and he swallowed, feeling hollow.
As if hearing the plea, Dean’s smirk shifted, warming again.  He laughed lightly, clearly amused.  “Well, if they
He didn’t pause to see if Dean listened or if he even got off the train.  With a start, he realized he was taking a lot on faith at the moment.  For all he knew, Dean could have concocted the
my career and my life to help you, Dean.  I trust that would earn a bit more
Dean shook his head.  “You touched my vessel and connected yourself to me in that instant.  When you did possess it, you did the same to me.  You gave up the vase and gave me up at the same time.  You broke my contract.  You severed my servitude to Hell.”
you there.”  He met Dean’s eyes then.  “Will you do this for me, pet?”  He tilted his head slightly.  “Remember, if you don’t wish to, merely text me
, maybe.  Or
Morning comes and Dean's going to
Those green eyes narrowed for half a second before he grinned.  “Right.  Yeah.  Should be open in another couple days.”  He picked up his clamps and took his change.  “Later,” he added, turning and heading out.
Castiel fidgeted where he stood.  When Dean inclined his head, he shifted forward, finally taking an awkward seat beside the other student.  He held his bag in front of him like a shield though and wouldn’t sit against the tree.
– more a parent to his brother Sam than John was.  Watching him, careful, guarded.  He remembered Dean muttering about how he’d gotten Sam killed.  Which was impossible.  From what he knew, Sam was still alive.  Maybe a memory he’d muddled in a drunken haze?  But now, he understood why that had been so terrible.  How much it must have hurt him to leave his brother in the first place.  To be this
button, muttering to himself all the while.  He couldn’t be far.  Dean didn’t have that much of a head start on him.  Twenty minutes, maybe?  Though, with the Tube nearby …
“G-good different,” Dean admitted, licking his lips.  He felt a jolt in his chest when Castiel’s dark eyes followed the path of his tongue.  “Would . . . would it be bad if . . . I wanted to do that again?  Sometime?”
“You two are such children,” Jess scolded.  She shooed them from the table and said, “Go play in the living room; I’ll take care of this.”  She winked at Dean.  “Try not to break anything, boys.”
.  “Um, maybe he’s embarrassed?”  By now, he could have said who he was.  Pointed out that the clerk was entranced with
(See the end of the chapter for
Gabriel hummed.  “
He sighed.  “I must apologize for Ba –
As he typed out a negative reply, his fingers shaking like they had in the deli, Dean asked quietly, “Hey, Fireball?  You know what a hunter is?”
Dean’s eyes drifted shut and he moaned again, his cock hard in his jeans.
Silent now, Dean switched seats with Sam, pausing at the passenger door.  He stared behind him, the inky night a blanket of silence under the buzzing pop of tired neon.  He dropped his gaze and slid back into the Impala, cradling his coffee.
Castiel’s fingers dug into Dean’s back.  “Never,” he rasped.  “I’ll never turn you away like that.  I will . . . my father cannot run my life any longer.  I know that.  And I will not let him dictate who I . . .
He couldn’t see his face very well.  He thought he might look familiar but frankly, Castiel’s day had been shit and he wasn’t about to be charitable.  His hand tightened on his bookbag and he gave
I did a skip on last week but should probably be able to avoid that until this is finished.  However long that might take.  :D  But we'll see.
He peeked at Dean from between his fingers.  That damnable smile.  Like the coffee urn at his office, Dean’s smile had been the end of it for him.  A life changing event, so to speak.  He’d never be the same again and he’d known that.  Now that he knew Dean felt the same?  His heart fluttered so fast he thought for certain it’d fly out his throat.
He sighed and rubbed his face.  Either he’d gotten what he wanted or he’d made it even worse.  He didn’t pretend to know how to read Castiel.  The guy wasn’t shifty but neither was he transparent.  At the very least whatever thought process trundled through Castiel’s head at the moment would keep him away while Dean settled on a decision.  He just wanted to think for a bit on whether he and Castiel could move on.  Having the man near him, tempting as he was, kept him from thinking rationally.
With an awkward reach, he snatched it up, frowning.  Written in Singer’s neat handwriting was the following message:
He went stiff when Dean leaned into him, arms bracketing his sides.  Eyes half-lidded, the green
you’d run screaming.  Or call the police.”
“Wait.  What?”
He glanced up at the clock and stood.  “I should get going, Sammy.  Give Kevin my number and have him call me.  I have some questions for him.”
in bed.  Like . . ." he trails off, blinking deliberately.  He jolts and finishes his thought, "Like . . . scary good."  He grins, or thinks he does.  "You should try it."
~~*~~
Dean should be angry about that.  But . . . Castiel wasn’t going to gain anything from it.  Not even publicity.  Dean’s shop was small at best.  Dean would, though, by having the illustrious
Sam grumbled, with a faint smile on his face as they made their way to the dining room.  The trio sat and began dishing out pasta and vegetables, most of the talk revolving around the upcoming wedding.  A lot of it bored Dean.  He didn’t have an opinion on napkins or lights.  Tableware just had to poke food.  Hell, enough alcohol would get anyone drunk.
Why on earth had he fallen for his roommate?  Yes, Dean was gorgeous.  Yes, Dean was hot.  But he was also kind and smart and entertaining.  Quite possibly the best friend that Castiel had ever had.  Truly the only reason he’d never admitted his attraction to the man.  Why jeopardize a good thing?
Dean’s head swam with such thoughts as time
"Cassie, love; are you free for dinner?"
green eyes.  And dammit …
“Whether I need to or not is out of the question.  I
That … was unexpected.  Four days to repeat what he’d done?  Digging for the phone in his pocket, Castiel stated, “Dean, let me call my director.  He can get men to Sam’s home immediately.”
“Well, damn, Cas; just another reason to show up, huh?”  He winked and raised a hand in goodbye.  “Later, Cas.”  The bell above the door jingled merrily as Dean pushed his way back outside into the cold, wet, January day.
“Oh, pet.”  He patted Dean’s wrist.  “Do you wish me to stop?”
to Dean.  Deceiving a very nice man for a very selfish reason.  He really should come clean.  Let Dean know
“That’s a point for me, Cas,” he murmured as the door shut behind Castiel.  He reached into his wallet and pulled out a few bills to cover their drinks.  He whistled to himself as he left, already concocting Stage Two of his plan.
“What’d you do, Novak?”
my Impala.”  Dean grunted as he stopped, fingers latching onto Castiel.  ”Where’s my baby?” he hissed.
Given that he would run by at that
”  He pulled one hand away to drag a fingertip along Dean’s jaw.  “Near perfect symmetry.”
Wait.
Castiel shrugged, inwardly concerned by Dean’s changed demeanor.  In all his years of knowing the younger man, he’d never seen this anger.  Dean was always a flirty jokester.  Quips and winks.  This … this was a tightly controlled, frustrated rage.
“I wanted to run,” he admitted.  “Almost hailed a cab, actually.”  He toyed with his cup, glancing once at Castiel.  “Didn’t think it fair, though.  I mean … you’re really the only one I trust, Cas.”  He set his cup down and dug in his jacket, pulling out an envelope.  “You might not believe me, but this isn’t what I wanted to do with my life.”  He held out the item to Castiel.  “It was just an easy way to get what I needed.”
Dean now?  He squints.  "Why ya laughin'?"  Dean's telling the truth.  He doesn't really want Pretty Voice.  Pretty Voice would just be
His delight tempered when Dean’s hand squeezed his ass, thick fingers toying with his hole.  “Please,” he breathed.  “I’ve missed you.
sign to ‘
It hurt Dean to hear that loss of confidence.  But even so, he wouldn’t let himself fall again.  Not like with Michael.  Michael had done the apology dance with him one time too many.  The promises to never do it again.  The supposed regret.  Still so fresh.  He just . . . couldn’t do that.  He needed to know it was for real and not just a ploy on Castiel’s part.  Though, thinking that it might be made him want to heave.  Swallowing, Dean rose from the chair and met Castiel’s eyes.  “When –
“You’re not helping,” Dean growled.
to get me out of my pants.”
Dean’s life had officially taken a nose-dive into the proverbial shitter.  He’d just come off a week’s worth of late shifts at the precinct, only to find the laundry he’d been neglecting had accumulated to the point of nudity or torn gym shorts being his attire the next morning.  So, dead of night, three in the morning, he’d dragged his sorry ass to the laundry room at the basement of the quadplex he lived in, only to have fire alarms ring to life.
Dean could see the lights of the fire truck not far away.  Soon.  He could get inside
him.  Twisting his want into a wild thing that made his brain bubble.  He didn’t want it to end but had to wonder if he’d survive it with his intelligence intact.  “I . . . I do it . . . for control.”
"H-hello," Castiel stammered.  He took a step back, looking away.  "Apologies.  I wasn’t paying attention."
At Castiel’s home, the man paused before exiting the car, turning to Dean and kissing him fully on the mouth.   “You are exceptional, pet,” he murmured.  He stroked Dean’s jaw and kissed him again.  “And delightful as always.”  He said nothing else and turned to go, offering Dean a brief wave before he slipped into his house.
an idiot.  Which means
Castiel wanted to see what had happened but another look might register in Crowley’s periphery.  If he knew how far out Bobby was, he might be able to surprise the man.  Though, he didn’t know
Again, the strong swipe against his crease.  He whined in pleased desperation, wriggling into Dean’s grip.  Never.
A scar.
and slid the pie inside.  “It’ll be a good end to the night, I think,” he added, not quite looking at Dean.  He jumped a second time when Dean handed him his wine glass.  “Th-thank you,” he responded, sipping at it.
Alastair smirked.  “I know who you are, little agent.  You were hunting my toy before.”  He gripped Castiel’s chin.  “Maybe you want to join him?”
send-off but this is the end of the road.
s’ – signing.
After another minute or two of panic, he managed to compose himself and hurried on to the market.  He picked up his ingredients, the urge to buy sickeningly sweet treats brought on by his nervousness.  Any time he did anything that doubled his anxiety, it was all he could do
“Agent Novak?” he asked.  “I’m Director Larson.”
in the car, Castiel grabbed Dean by the shoulder and slammed him into the wall of the tunnel, arm pressing against Dean’s throat.  He had a moment’s pang of guilt when Dean wheezed, his injured shoulder likely not taking the abuse well.  “I am
with Commuter Angel staring at him in horror.
Castiel raised an eyebrow.  “Not hard to believe,” he murmured, absently.
That cold, detached tone from before.  The way he’d called Castiel a ‘good lay.’  These mannerisms were familiar to Dean.  That he could slip into them so easily was troubling.  Maybe Castiel was making a mistake.  Maybe Dean really
Dean shook his head frantically.  No, this was a mistake.  His sign to go.  He should have stayed away.  Not come back to this place and its tempting owner.  He began to turn, halting immediately when he heard a familiar voice call out, “Dean?”
ended up fucking.  Not that Dean was flirting.  Because he couldn’t be.  Why on earth would he do something silly like . . .
Castiel frowned at Dean but hid a smile all the same.  Perhaps it was too late for some things.  And perfect timing for others.
“You’re very bad at this game,” a new voice chided.  Alastair.  “I send you in and you get caught?”  He clucked his tongue like one would to a child.  “I was hoping it was a fluke.  That you were still a good, obedient little boy.  You have to understand, this was for
The spirit before him opened his mouth, soundless, blood falling from split lips.
He nearly rear-ended the Impala in the dark, screeching to a stop on gravel.  He shoved open the door, just as Dean walked out of the cabin, duffel bag in hand.  The rain drummed down heavy and fast and Castiel had to squint through the sluicing water.  “Dean!”
“If I did?”  He glared at Castiel.  “We fucked once, Cas; that’s it.  You don’t have any claim on
“Do you?”
"Hrn.  Well, not surprised.  The good ones always get cocky.  This one’s been runnin’ since he was … what was it?  Nineteen?"
Castiel debated on telling Balthazar about Dean’s break-in but opted not to.  He shrugged.  ”I have a difficult time with zone changes.  Though, Dean’s … attitudes never help either.”
He sighed, the air rattling in his chest.  All right.  Meant he needed to clean up how he did things.  Be less obvious.  If he had to act happy around his brother, then fine.  He’d do that.  Dean could lie with the best of them, after all.  And when the time came, he could act happy that Castiel had left.
sat here.  Almost every lunch.  And my day’s been so … just … why …”  With a groan, he gave up, letting his head hit the tree.
Castiel rubbed his face, sighing.  Absolutely
Somewhat startled by the chill in Castiel’s voice, Dean trembled as he pulled into the drive-in’s parking lot, paying for their ticket, offering up a sour, false smile to the cashier.  Still quiet in the car, Dean pulled to the last row, tucking the Impala in at the very end.  He let his hands drop off the wheel into his lap, his eyes fixed on the blank screen up ahead.  “I’m sorry,” he breathed.
“Oh, for …” Dean groaned.  His hand came up swiftly but Castiel was ready, dodging out of the way, snickering when Dean only managed to slap himself in the head.
Dean’s grin softened and shifted, turning wicked and warm.  “Say, Cas; you free right now?”
Dean would be lying if he said he
Digging his fingers into Castiel’s ass, Dean growled, coaxing Castiel deeper into his throat.  With a whine of pain, Castiel pulled out, panting.  He tried not to find the image of Dean’s come-slick lips so damn gorgeous.  He clamped a hand on his dick, hissing at the sudden pain.  “L-later,” he managed.  “I want . . . to come inside you.”
Castiel blushed as he stood.  The color only deepening as he glanced down, Dean’s green eyes following the movement, a cheeky grin curling his plush lips.  Seems he wasn’t the only one awake at the moment, given the state of his briefs.  He shut his eyes tight and muttered a sharp,
The chuckle that resulted nearly felled him.  “You know, you’re going to forget you ever had sex before me.”  Moving with slow but insistent steps, Dean began to walk them to the back of the store.  “I’m going to blow your mind, Cas.  Gonna show you what
“Do you think me angry for that, my pet?”  He rubbed Dean’s neck, cooing softly.  “My touch excites you.  This pleases me.”  He kissed the shell of Dean’s ear, nuzzling him.  “That I can arouse you so quickly with only my hands is . . .
Sam took a shaky breath.  “I want you to have good things, Dean.  I want you to be happy.  If you’re happy single, that’s fine.  But if someone
“Oh, hardly.  I’m just amused at you.”  He perched on the chair Bobby had used, smirking.  “To be perfectly honest, I’m surprised you aren’t
The next day, once again, Dean fidgeted at work.  Given his constant movement, he wouldn’t have been surprised to see a groove in the concrete of the vehicle bays.  He knew Castiel had given him a
Dean sagged against him.  ”This won’t stop Alastair,” he warned.
“I’m trying to get him to do a signing.  Guy’s weirdly hermity.”
As he became acclimated to sight and sound again, Castiel realized he lay prone in a hospital bed with machines beeping and tubes trailing from him.  He lifted his hand and glared at the IV in the back of it.
“I don’t know that anyone
Dean’s eyes it up in near joy at the sight.  “Man, you know how long it’s been since I had pie like this?”  He cut his fork into it, steam filling the air between them.  “Way too damn long,” he murmured.  He shoved the forkful into his mouth and
This has the mildest amount of angst but is really just Cas being awkward and Dean being a goof and Balthazar making Dean uncomfortable.
; he just wanted to know who to be pissed at for now.  He’d deal with the signing after.
Castiel glanced at him and then away, then back again.  He blushed to find Balthazar … leering at him.  He swallowed and shrugged.  ”Tension is a part of the job, isn’t it?  I’m sure you face such things.”
“Hmm.”  Dean’s lips quirked and he grabbed one of Castiel’s hands, tugging off the glove.  At the sight of his reddened skin, the humor vanished in a blink and he held him gingerly, as though afraid of causing more pain.  “Cas!  Why didn’t you tell me?”
Realizing he still hadn’t said anything, he shrugged again.  “Uh, no.  Not . . . yeah, not in the cards.”
Castiel blinked, looking first at Benny and then Dean.  He glared at Dean.  “Why’d you answer?”
Castiel snorted, letting go of Dean’s face and lifting a hand, palm out.  “You are drunk and rude,” he snapped.  He pressed his palm to Dean’s forehead, singing out a simple, harsh song.  Dean’s eyes rolled up into his head and he crumpled to the ground.
Dean stood now, one hand out toward Castiel.  “Please,” he begged.  “You don’t want to read that.  Just . . . put it down.”
”  He hummed.  “
Maybe if he kept himself busy, he could ignore all the things he kept doing wrong.
Dean finished off his meal and set the empty tray aside.  ”Then, three years ago … some real bad shit happened.”  He fidgeted, plucking at his jeans.  He looked so young, hunched and wounded, his shoulder wrapped with red-dotted white.  ”I … uh … wanted to get out.  But … there’s a guy.  He … if I don’t keep stealing for him, he’ll kill Sam.”
Dean nodded, phantom fingers and haunting blue surging through his mind.  “Uh, yeah.  Just . . . you, uh, mind driving for a bit?”
"It is raining," he pointed out weakly, his bag clutched in his lap.  This was so strange.  Here he was finally getting to speak to his crush but really, the whole situation merely left him flustered and confused.  Much like when he tried to flirt in the shop itself.
he understood.  Emotions were foreign to him.”
he thought.  He cleared his throat, returning to the subject.  “Yeah, see, I just met him and one of his writers.  I just wanted to get some insight in how to . . . uh, deal with him?”  He winced at the lame question.
Castiel yawned yet again.  ”Dean.  Shut up.  Do not speak to me again until the morning.”  He smiled serenely at Dean as he pulled his arm back and reached up to stroke his cheek, distantly aware that it was the same cheek
his father had sacrificed himself for.
For the first time, Dean saw true anger on Castiel’s face.  He slammed the book in his hand down on the counter and snapped, “Enough!  I don’t owe you
The relief that Sam’s search had turned up nothing almost knocked Dean to his knees.  He leaned against the back of the couch, feigning nonchalance, even as his heart raced painfully.  “Don’t you ever do that again,” he growled.  Sam didn’t need to worry about him like this.  A background check was a Dean maneuver.  Not one for Sam.  Sam had his own life and worries.  This shit that Dean dug into had nothing to do with his little brother.
Christ, Dean knew?  About Michael and Castiel’s stupidity?  He rubbed his eyes, wondering if he could still leave.  Just bolt out the door and never come back.  He’d made plenty of money with his previous books.  He could completely recede from life and just live in his house until it fell around his ears.
Castiel’s face went hot.  “Maybe I should go get the vase back,” he muttered as Dean jolted the car into traffic.
“See?  We’re good.”
The buzz sizzled down his nerves, settling at the small of his back.  “Cas?” he queried, distracted by the pleasant feeling.  That always happened when he met a man with virility.  His fairy nature reacted, drawn in by the strength and power.  Even tempered as it was by his banishment, the urge lay there in that brief touch.  Knowing Dean’s name had merely given it an avenue to follow.
“My God, Cassie.  You are a force of nature unto yourself,” he stated.  He leaned his elbow on the arm of his chair, resting his cheek against his fist.  “And now, you want
He waited a full five minutes before peeking around the edge.  Two men stood at the end of the hall, their backs to Castiel.  One carried a semi-automatic in his hands, strap tight around his shoulders.  He waved at Benny, holding up two fingers.
He crossed the room quickly, his want simmering hot at the pleading noises Dean made.  Not thinking, he stroked Dean’s ass and murmured, “You’re gorgeous.”
“Also, you need a new hobby.  Watching an idiot hunter fall asleep in front of the tv has to be the worst way to pass the time,” he chided.
”  He sighed.  “I stepped over the line with the kiss and I know that.  And I’m sorry.  I meant to confront you about who you were and I . . . got carried away.”
“You bringing him to the wedding so I can meet him like a normal person?”
He didn’t think it’d hurt that much to hear Castiel dismiss his worries like that.  He grabbed the catalog from Castiel, only to have the man snatch it back almost frantically.  “The hell it is!”  He leaned on the counter.  “You stood there and called me your
Castiel squirmed under the attention, panting as his cock throbbed.  He’d expected driving lust from Dean.  Maybe even rough, quick sex.  But not this.  Not these sweet, tender caresses.  Dean seemed in no hurry to end things as his mouth moved in slow, careful passes along his trembling skin.  He could feel silent words on Dean’s lips, too dizzy to strain to hear the heady whispers.  One word cut through his haze.  A rasping
Schooling himself, he turned back around.  “Er, yes?”
’s the word.”  He looked down at the steering wheel, clearing his throat.  “I never did the ‘
In his sight, he could see a hint of silver blue through soft cloth.
“It’s nice,” he murmured, intimidated by the look of it all.  Was Castiel secretly wealthy?  He clearly did well with his shop but did it pay that much?  Maybe sex toys were a hobby.
Well and truly drunk.  Castiel was horrified by the sight.  The man stumbled down the hall and Castiel shut the door, locking it again.  He followed carefully, noting that the cabin was in disarray.  Things knocked over.  A lamp broken.  He could smell spoiled food from the kitchen.  But the living room made him ache.
he smelled amazing.
“What?”  Castiel moved his fingers along the marks on Dean’s wrist, touch gentle and warm.  “Why on Earth would you apologize to me?”  His fingertips were light and smooth, stroking the abraded skin slowly.  “Is this why you triggered with those cuffs?”
to him.  Smile at him.
And if he just repeated that to himself until he finally fell into a fitful sleep, that was his problem.
admitted
Dean halted what he was doing and dropped his arms.  He snorted, amused.  “You do, huh?”
Though he read it, buried deep within that fragmented soul.  Could see his own graced echoed back, specks of protective light, forever lost within a mortal man.
, but I’d often overhear his disgust in gays.  After that, I knew
And then
“Okay, you lost me, cowboy.”  Dean did grin then.  “Care to back it up a step?”  Poor, Castiel.  Seemed he’d managed to confuse himself with this pretending nonsense.  Just the very thing Dean had been trying to get him to come clean about.  Hearing it out loud, though, showed how convoluted it’d gotten.
Dean squeezed his wrist.  “I know what you’re risking, Cas,” he rasped.  “I don’t know why.  I really wish you weren’t.”
Wishing fervently he could rip his own tongue out, Dean scrambled to sit up.  He managed an awkward leg tangle, hardly noticing when their train arrived and subsequently left.  Leaving the two of them alone on the platform.
Castiel nodded and grabbed Dean’s arm, shoving him forward.  “Both of you; I’ll follow.”
“I don’t know what I want,” Dean admitted, turned around, his appetite completely destroyed.  He felt nervous in this quiet place.  The light clink of silverware against plates.  The hushed conversation.  He felt like crawling out of his skin he was so out of place.
He frowned.  “What’s that supposed to mean?”  He knew he was being combative but he couldn’t figure out how it was that Castiel seemed to know
“What?!”
Azazel was strong and forceful and Dean had enjoyed being pinned down by the man.  But eventually, things were less enjoyable for him and more anxiety-ridden.  It became hard to guess Azazel’s moods.  What one day turned him on, pissed him off the next.  After a while, Dean found himself walking on eggshells around the other man.  And then Azazel had found another sub; a woman named Meg.  When Dean had come home early from work, he’d found the two together.  Azazel had laughed in his face and then informed him he was done with Dean.  Sent him off to Michael.
Before Dean could say a word, Castiel flipped his hand.  “My secretary.  He’s new; I needed him to stop by for tomorrow’s schedule.”  He glanced again at Dean, eyes flat.  “You may go.”
As Dean crossed the room, he paused beside Castiel, opening his mouth to say . . .
But how could he be here in Grovelock if he’d been collected?  Confused, Castiel flipped through several more pages; more demonic lore.  Then a short sentence.
Dean pitched his voice a bit louder and added, “That’s right, Pam.  I did.  All thanks to this guy, actually.  He made me realize who I really was.”  He could see Castiel slowing down, stopping, turning and looking back.  He twisted his hands but seemed content to remain within earshot.
He pulled back, lips still brushing Castiel’s, unable to meet the man’s eyes for the moment.  “Okay . . . I forgive you.”
That … that might actually work.  Castiel glanced at Dean and found the same grudging acceptance on the man’s face.  ”Why didn’t you tell us at the station?”
want to make but knew he had to if there was any hope of preserving his friendship with Castiel.  Starting the first of the year, he’d forget about anything more than platonic with Castiel.  The guy was his friend and would remain as such but the bedroom would be off-limits.  Time for him to get on with things.  Let go of what he couldn’t have.  Settle for what was reachable.
Dean chewed on his thumb, staring at the coffee table again.  Emboldened by Castiel’s willingness to listen, Dean’s mind drifted.  “So . . . if I want to do something specific, you’ll agree?”
fuck!”
Hell, he was barely happy as Castiel Novak.  But Dean . . . he’d never wanted to be in someone’s presence more.  Dean had been nothing but kind to him.  Even after learning to the truth.  The constant messages proved that.  And Castiel couldn’t keep
“I was tired.”
kissedhim.  Not accidentally knocked into him.  Or tripped.  Or had a seizure.  An honest-to-God kiss.  Maybe it was nothing more than a peck on the cheek, but far more intimate than he’d expected.  And then there’d been Dean himself.  As though he’d walked out of Castiel’s personal wet dream.  He’d been dressed in clothing even tighter than the day before, sleeves rolled up, collar unbuttoned.  Criminal.
Though Balthazar had agreed on perpetuating this subterfuge, Castiel could tell his cousin wasn’t wholly invested.  He only hoped the interactions with Balthazar-cum-James-Bartlett would be few and far between.  Other than the signing itself, Dean wouldn’t really need to spend much time with Balthazar.  Not unless the two managed to hit it off; God forbid.
Castiel blanched, leaning back heavily in his seat.  Wait, was it too spendy?  Oh, crap.  Maybe this was the wrong way to get to know Dean.  Did he prefer something else?
So . . . maybe he was being a bit selfish right now.  Because if Dean knew what he’d done, there was no way the man would give him a second’s worth of attention.  He’d think Castiel an idiot.  A fool.  Would probably cancel the reading outright; maybe even send all those books back in that display.
you sit here.  I’ve seen you sit here.”  Castiel could hear him shift beside him against the tree.  ”And … well, we graduate in a few months.  So … I figured … now or never.”
Castiel raised one of his hands, kissing the knuckles gently.  “As slow as necessary.”
Castiel took a step away, shivering slightly.  He could still feel Dean under him.  He’d almost
“I don’t want to lead you on,” Dean admitted, finally meeting his gaze.  “I know we’ve only had one date and all . . . but, I, uh, like you.  A lot.”  Dean almost seemed amazed at the idea.  He glanced once toward Castiel before clearing his throat again, shifting nervously in his seat.  “I’m just being honest; I’m kind of crap at this.”
, as rough as it was, would forever be Castiel’s favorite.  And Tyler had been
”  Castiel fell silent for a moment.  “
Dean struggled not to make a face, instead focusing on James’ accent.  “I didn’t know you were British; thought you were American.”
"Erwha?"
He sighed, staring at his scruffy jaw and mussed hair in the bathroom mirror.  How in the hell had he managed to muck this up so badly?  If he’d just introduced himself like a normal person.  Just said who he was.  Instead, lie after lie after lie.  And now Dean was interested in him.  In a fraud.  He couldn’t keep this up.  Not at this stage.  Either he’d forget something or just let slip something that proved who he really was.
Blush grew brighter.
For two weeks, Castiel hustled around Kansas, setting up the new office and working directly with Gabriel on equipment and recruitment.  Strangely enough, his first two hires were Benny and Balthazar.  Castiel wasn’t sure if that meant he was being stalked or they were being punished.  But, it did help ease some of the stress by having two familiar faces on staff.
” Castiel remarked.  Dean could hear the quiet click of keys and the occasional rustle of paper.  It was then he realized he’d likely caught Castiel at work.
come back to the office until you’ve a good, long, shag.”  As Castiel stood unsteadily, he held up a finger.  “Remember.  Brother.  Preferably with a tight ass.  Or even a neighbor.”
Dean’s head burned with the same sequence of thoughts as they left the parking lot and headed down the highway.  He wasn’t certain where they should drive so he headed toward his own preferred destination.  Out among the fields, away from the city and its noise.  Castiel didn’t seem to have a preference and he merely sat quietly beside Dean, his fingers tapping against the bag in time to the radio.
He spun and turned to go when he heard Dean call out, “Wait!”
Hijinks ensue.  :D  Expect more of these types.
I own a quiet clinic.  That I am as he is.”  He halted, hands white-knuckled.  “He knows nothing of who I am and whenever I am near him, I am
Castiel stared at his phone, watching his cousin’s number fade from the screen, frowning.
It slipped away easily as he began searching the cabin.  One of the drawbacks of fairy life was certainly the innate curiosity.  He buzzed from room to room, picking up things and peeking into small containers.  He found nothing of real interest.  A few strange occult items.  Nothing he hadn’t seen on the younger students who sometimes came in with their parents on the weekends.  Though, the doorways made him shudder.  The main door felt cold and angry.  Same with the back door.  Some of the walls had a strange feeling to them and he didn’t like to be around them long.  Eventually, he came back to the main room and lit down on the arm of Dean’s chair, poking his head into the glass.
A furry ornament with very noticeable markings and huge-ass paws.
He was full of mistakes these days.  “I’m sorry.  I . . . I should have called ahead.”  He turned the chair, staring at the closed door.  “Did . . . I made things awkward for you, didn’t I?”
Shuddering, his eyes drifting shut, Castiel clung to Dean, lips parting.  “B-but . . . I’m not very good . . . at . . .
He cried out, sound swallowed again by couch material as Dean pushed into him.
Anna beams at her and rests her chin in her hands. "You're smitten already, that is so adorable."
"Is that Deanna? Tell her I said hi." Anna requests, sipping on her iced coffee.
“Shit, yeah, where are you? We’re headed back to the Bunker, we can come get you.”
"What can I say, I'm weird," he grins and Dean punches him in the arm. "Ow."
"What?"
That dread turned to confusion once he got to the gas station and checked his shoulder. His words were still there, but instead of resting on his skin, they stretched over a handprint scar.
that called, Cas. You’re family.”
Dean's pretty sure he stops breathing, his heart stuttering then kicking back up at twice its normal speed. "What?"
"No way! No freaking way! Chu- Carver Edlund is coming here? No way!" She shakes her head, mentally berating herself for nearly spilling Edlund's real name. "She barely gets out of that damn bathrobe,” she scoffs, “nevermind leave the house."
"She's my soulmate, Anna," she reminds her as she finishes her cocoa and stands. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to get to my next class. I'll see you later." Anna stands and gives her sister a quick hug.
As soon as they hear the sound of the Impala roaring to life, Cas begins to chuckle. Dean stares at him dumbfounded for a moment. He doesn't think he's ever heard Cas laugh.
"How long Cas?" Dean asks, looking away.
This is what they’re fighting for. This and all the people who live here.
Cas makes a pitiful groaning noise that has Dean rolling his eyes but reaching for the offending boot nonetheless. He pulls them off for Mr. Comatose on the bed, setting them neatly on the floor before working his own off and joining Cas on the bed.
An angel for a soulmate. It's gotta be some kind of cosmic joke because as far as Dean can tell the angels are almost as bad as the demons.
Sam doesn’t notice the cherry petals stuck in the grooves of Baby’s tires and Dean doesn’t notice when the last of them flakes away ten miles down the road, already onto the next hunt.
"If you don't come over here and fuck me right now, I'm leaving," Dean grits out from between clenched teeth. Cas crawls back to Dean and settles between his legs. He squeezes a fair amount of lube onto his fingers and coats them liberally.
"I got it from this girl Becky Rosen, who got it from Edlund herself. Apparently, she's her soulmate, so I'd say it's pretty reliable information," Charlie explains. Her mouth falls open and a high-pitched, almost inhuman, noise rises from her throat.
Dee levels her with her best Bitchface™, which isn’t half-bad but nowhere near Sammie’s level.  "Who do you think she based Sam and Deanna on? How many Deanna's do you know? How about Deanna's with 1967 Chevy Impala's and parents named Joan and Mary?" she asks her with raised eyebrows. Charlie’s mouth drops open in shock.
"Not one word." He warned. Sam nodded in understanding. Dean turned back to Cas and carefully guided him to his bed. He sat them both down and pulled Cas to his chest as another roll of thunder was heard. The sound of rain hitting the roof intensified as the storm outside picked up.
"What?"
'Oh shit, I kissed Cas. Or, Cas kissed me. Whatever, doesn't matter. What do I do? Did Cas mean it? Can he even feel love? Whoa there Winchester, who said anything about love? Who am I kidding, I know I'm in love with him. But does he feel the same way?'
"You gonna just stand there, or are you gonna introduce me to your soulmate," Ellen demands with a quirked eyebrow.
"Well, it's nice to meet you, I guess. C'mon, Mom's just about finished with dinner." Sam jerks her head toward the kitchen and heads off, but Dee grabs Cas's hand before she can follow.
“And if those ‘extenuating circumstances’ didn’t exist?”
"No. You can't. Now, what do you want?" she asks again. Gabe sighs and stands, walking over to her and putting her arm around her shoulder.
"I'm going to dinner with her tonight to meet her family," she replies, checking her phone again. Anna coughs and nearly chokes on her drink.
“We’re just outside Colorado Springs, we’ll be there in an hour, just sit tight,” Dean promises. Cas expects him to hang up the phone after that, but there’s only the briefest of pauses before Dean speaks again. “It’s good to hear your voice, Cas. I- we missed you.”
Things happened almost too quickly to process after that, Bobby then Sam and suddenly he was in a barn, facing off a strange man in a trenchcoat who claimed he was an angel of the Lord.
"Right, well, uh, why don't you, um, just get in and we'll go," Deanna says awkwardly, rubbing at the back of her neck. Cas smiles at her and opens the passenger door, sliding in. Deanna does the same on the driver's side and guns the engine again.
"Dean!" Charlie's unique nickname causes her to stop and turn around. She immediately cringes at the bright mismatched colors that greet her.
“Jack is Kelly’s son?” Cas asks, his head tilted to the side in confusion.
The two figures shimmer and fade away into white, then nothing.
Sam shrugs, “Charlie explained it once. Unresolved Sexual Tension.”
Dean watched his brother die.
"I just feel like everything is working against us." Dean admitted. Sam's face softened in that annoying way of his.
"Uh…" she says, as brilliant as ever. Ellen cocks an eyebrow, a smirk tugging at the corner of her mouth. Not wanting to admit that she hasn't written anything and making even more of an idiot of herself, Deanna blurts out the first thing that comes to mind.
Cas smiles at the confession. “I’ll see you soon, Dean.”
"Jesus, Cas!" Dean moans as Cas leans down, biting at his neck. He tosses his phone away and reaches forward to grab at Cas's clothes. He works on the vest, unbuttoning it as fast as he can, his fingers fumbling as Cas does something particularly pleasant with his tongue. He manages to open the vest and shoves it out of the way, letting Cas slip his arms out of it as he starts on his sleeveless fishnet shirt next.
His first thought was 'what the fuck?' shortly followed by 'how?' then a determination to get out of the pine box before he suffocated.
“I’m at a payphone just outside a bar in Boulder, Colorado,” he says, rambling off the address from the sign and hearing the engine of the Impala rumble as Dean puts his foot down on the accelerator.
"Shut up bitch." Dean muttered.
The other figure watches the two for a moment, contemplating. Finally, it shakes its head having come to a decision.
Castiel cuts her off with a kiss. If she thought holding her hand was electrifying, kissing her was beyond comprehension. When she pulls back it takes Deanna a moment to remember her own name.
"Don't look at me, this was on Charlie," he tells them, in a very Gabriel way. "Just don't do anything on the couch," he says as he turns to leave.
Years later, after they had defeated their last, biggest foe in the form of God himself and after Amara had taken over from her brother, promising a fairer, freer Universe, Dean returns to the meadow one last time.
Castiel blushes furiously as Deanna finishes her speech, knowing the words are meant for her. Her sister Anna has told her many times how lucky she was to have such beautiful blue eyes.
Cas makes this beautiful little sound and then his hands are in Dean’s hair and he’s
"So, what's up with you and Little Miss Winchester?" Anna asks.
"Alright man, let's, uh, let's get you settled in then, okay?" Dean smiles at him reassuringly and stands from the uncomfortable chair. "Do you wanna, uh, maybe change into some dry clothes?" Dean asks, noticing the slight shiver Cas has acquired. Cas looks down at himself and nods.
"Fuck, Cas!" he cries. Cas smirks and leans down again to lick a stripe from the base to the head, tongue playing at the slit, lapping up the precum that's gathered there. "Cas, please, I can't- I need you- Cas…" Dean is at a loss for what to say, fumbling over his words. Cas pulls off again and tilts his head back to look at him.
"Yes, Anna. I remember," she says dryly. Her phone suddenly buzzes in her pocket and she fishes it out, smiling when she sees it's a text from Dee.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Please stop, they didn't do anything. Please brother, please stop." Cas muttered as he started rocking gently back and forth. Dean's eyes widened as he realized what was going on. The thunder was, to Castiel at least, a manifestation of his brother's anger. Dean rubbed soothing circles on Cas' back, like he used to do with Sammy when he was scared of something or upset.
"Then text him." Dean swallows at the sound of his friend's voice, almost positive that it dropped at least another octave. He fumbles with his phone as Cas makes gentle circular motions with his hips, just enough friction for it to feel good, but not enough to get off on, just like he promised.
Dean sighs and shifts his bag higher on his shoulder, running through the hallways to hopefully make it to his next class on time. He's so focused on getting there that he doesn't see the hand until it's wrapped around his shoulder and dragging him into a dark closet. The person's free hand closes the door and comes up to cover his mouth.
"Yes, Dean?"
"Hey Jude, don't make it bad. Take a sad song and make it better. Remember to let her into your heart. Then you can start to make it better. Hey Jude, don't be afraid. You were made to go out and get her. The minute you let her under your skin. Then you begin to make it better. And anytime you feel the pain, hey Jude, refrain. Don't carry the world upon your shoulders. For well you know that it's a fool who plays it cool. By making his world a little colder." Dean crooned in his slightly rough voice. Castiel still had his fists curled into his t-shirt, but he wasn't flinching anymore.
"Jo's picking you up," she mumbles around her toast. Sammie nods in understanding and Deanna rushes out the door and down the hall. She nearly falls down the stairs twice before she reaches the parking lot, thanking her lucky stars that she has the spot closest to the doors as she slides into her Baby. Deanna throws her bag on the bench seat next to her and guns the engine, sliding out of the lot and flying down the street.
Dean eagerly open his lips, accepting the head of Cas's cock, tongue darting forward to lap at the slit, tasting the salty precum gathered there. He slowly takes more of Cas into his mouth until his head hits the back of his throat and he gags. Cas eases off and lets him catch his breath and Dean begins the process again, moving faster now that he knows what to expect. When Cas's head hits the back of his throat he relaxes his muscles and lets Cas thrust fully into his mouth.
Cas sets a rough and fast pace, neither of them having the patience to go slow. Dean wraps his legs around Cas' waist and moves his hands to his shoulder blades. When Cas hits his prostate again he claws down his back, leaving angry red marks over black feathers. Cas growls and clamps his teeth down on Dean's collarbone, laving at the bruises he's already left there. Dean's fingers dig into Cas' back, where he knows inked wings span the length. Cas thrusts into him, hitting his prostate with every cant of his hips. Dean curses and thrusts back onto Cas as he pulls away, clenching down as he does. Cas bites down harder on his collar and one of his hands snakes between them to grab Dean's leaking cock.
All of the sudden Dean's balls deep in the Apocalypse, angels and demons duking it out over him and his brother and it's too much, okay? He can't deal with this
"Do you know who it is?"
"Shit," she mutters as she turns to face her mother.
”What? She has a lucky bathrobe?!” Charlie exclaims, then pauses. “Wait, how do you know she had a lucky bathrobe?
. You're my soulmate, aren't you?"
"I hate you, jerk." Sam mutters. Dean gives him a smug grin in the rear-view mirror as he pulls out of the motel.
It doesn’t go as planned, not that he necessarily
"We're soul mates, Dee. It's common for soul mates to find themselves revealing more than they normally would, especially when the bond is as new as ours is. Some believe it helps strengthen the bond between the souls, while others think it is due to new hormones released by the body, acting as a sort of truth serum," Cas informs her.
Cas turned over in his sleep and fumbled slightly at the space where Dean had just been sleeping. He made a noise in the back of his throat, almost like a whimper, and slowly blinked his eyes open.
The love.
And then they're kissing.
-/-/-/-/-
They were the first words Dean learned to read, the first he could spell, and he considered them his favorite words since he learned what they meant. Dean liked to believe that his words were proof that someone out there would protect him no matter what, a sentiment he clung to all the more tightly after his mom died. His dad didn't like talking about soulmates after that, and every time he caught a glimpse of Dean's words he'd get this look on his face like he'd just sucked on a lemon. So Dean tried to cover it up as much as he could - somewhat difficult since it was scrawled over his left bicep in shimmering blue ink, though doable as long as he never wore short sleeves.
"It's okay Mary, it wasn't their fault," Ellen says, resting a hand on Mom's shoulder. "It happened in my class, and the two a'them ain't exactly subtle," she explains. "It was pretty cute actually."
”The lucky bathrobe she does all of her writing in,” Dee replies.
"We'll go to mine. Gabe's never home and Mikey and Luke are on some business trip, so it'll be empty for a while," he tells him as he straightens their clothes. Dean nods, his only thought of how soon he can get Cas's mouth back on him in the safety of a non-school environment.
"Because you're always up to something, Novak," he answers, crossing his arms, "and whatever it is, I want no part in it. You can carry on your weird vendetta against Raphael without me."
"Bastard," he yells, trying to be heard through the helmets and the wind. Cas's chest shakes as he laughs and Dean glares at the back of his neck. With payback at the front of his mind, he lets one of his hands dip lower, stroking Cas through his torn black jeans. Cas tenses and Dean sees his hands clench slightly on the takes the next turn sharply and Dean takes a moment to place where they are in town. Cas slows down and Dean sees his house down the street. He squeezes the now prominent bulge in his friends pants one last time as Cas brings his motorcycle into his driveway. He cuts the engine and practically rips his helmet off, turning around to glare at him.
Fuck that.
"Mom! Dee's here!" Sam yells behind her. "Who's this?" she asks, nodding to where Cas is standing beside her.
“Cas?!” Sam’s voice is louder now, closer to the phone.
“Goodbye, Cas.”
"Shut up and fuck me Blue Eyes," he growls, grabbing Castiel's sharp hipbones and trying to get him even closer. Cas grins and nearly pulls out all the way before slamming roughly back into Dean. Dean cries out at Cas hits his prostate, hands tightening on his hips.
There are petals in his hair.
They drive off with no real destination in mind and Dean notices the way Cas is cradling his hand, so he finds his way to a 24-hr free clinic to get that sorted before grabbing a room at the first motel they pass. Cas is looking rough, so Dean gets the first room the clerk offers him, not realizing it’s a single queen until he’s standing in the doorway looking at it. He’s almost tempted to go back and ask for a double but Cas simply strides past him, white pharmacy bag gripped in his uninjured hand, and collapses on the bed.
"Okay you two, enough of that. You're being so sweet it's ruining dinner." Mary smiles at them and gestures to the dinning room. "Food's ready and we're not going to let it go cold."
"Dean?" Sam called from behind him. Dean turned and saw Sam looking at him in concern.
"Dean." Sam started. Dean shot him a look that told him to stay quiet. Sam sighed and went about demon and angel proofing the motel room. Dean hugged Cas as more thunder sounded outside. Cas started muttering something and Dean leaned in so he could hear what he was saying.
“Hello, Dean.”
Dean awoke to the now all too familiar feeling of Cas in his arms. He doesn't panic this time, doesn't freak out or jump out of the bed like he usually would, instead he smiles and allows himself a moment to relish the feel of Cas in his arms.
"Hey man, I didn't put that picture there! I didn't even take that picture." Sam says between chuckles. Dean glowers at him.
Everything works out in the end, and it finishes with a dance.
"This morning." Cas answers immediately. "In Professor Harvelle's class." Sam shoots a Look over to Dee and frowns.
"Are you decent?" Balthazar calls through the door, knocking on the wood.
"Alright, you two idjits go sit down. And if I see you doing anything private up there, I will separate you," Ellen threatens, leveling them both with a stern glare. "And Dee, don't think this excuses you from coming to dinner tonight."
(And okay, maybe he lets Cas undo a few too many buttons before he tells him to stop, but those extra buttons are going to fuel some very special daydreams of his for
"Well, let's make some of those fantasies come true," Cas whispers against the shell of his ear, hands running up his thighs until he reaches his zipper, easily slipping the button free and tugging the zip down the metal teeth. He scoots down Dean's thighs, taking his pants and boxers with him, tugging off his shoes when he reaches them, Dean hisses as the cool air hits his aching cock, thrusting into empty air. Cas stands and undoes his own pants kicking them off along with his boxers and unlaced Docs. Dean's eyes lock onto the leaking head of the cock in front of him, licking at his lips and leaning forward slightly. Cas notices and smirks down at him.
“I know I kicked you out of the Bunker, but there were- there
"I dunno. I'm good with cars and I understand the mechanics of most things, but I'm not sure I want to do that for the rest of my life. I used to want to be a firefighter, 'cause our house caught on fire when I was little and it almost killed my mom. Probably would have if the firefighters had been even a minute later. I dunno. I want to do something that will help people, y'know?" Deanna looks over with a small smile, and Cas gives her one in return. They hold eye contact for a very long time, which would have been very bad for both of them, had they not been parked outside a large house.
He was happy. Earlier that day he had been practically (okay, literally) suicidal, but now he had Cas back.
The meadow is where he goes when the draw of the Mark becomes too much, when the anger threatens to burst out of him in a violent surge. On the rare occasions he can’t get away from the Bunker (or they’re on the road and miles from that old windmill) he finds himself leafing through Vonnegut and touching the delicate dried petals he picked oh, so long ago.
Dean smiles to see it and, because he can, leans forward to press a kiss to the wrinkle in his brow before answering, “Yeah, he’s, um, a bit bigger than you might be expecting, though.”
"Alright, you can talk amongst yourselves," Professor Harvelle says dismissively. "Winchester, Novak, come down here for a second."
Then his dad disappeared.
(He has a hunch, which slowly transforms into hope, but he doesn't let himself dwell on it too long.)
“Hurgh,” Sam pretends to hurl, “can we please get back to the Bunker where I can lock
He almost sends him in with the flowers from the meadow, but the possessive streak in him riots at the idea of Cas giving
"Shut up, bitch. I just got married," he shoots back, looking at Cas and grinning. He's gotten rid of the blue in his hair, grown out his mohawk, and it's been a while since he had his piercings in, but he can still see the crazy punk kid that dragged him into closets.
"Who told you this? Is this reliable information?" she demands. She didn’t want to get her hopes up, she’s been burned before.
"Cas," Dean moans as Cas lets his teeth scrape against his collarbone. "Cas, we need to- Oh God!- we need to s-stop. S-someone could- could walk in and see wha- aaah, Cas!" Cas slaps his hand over Dean's mouth and looks up from where he's been sucking on his collarbone.
and I…” The tears are falling steadily and his voice is breaking damn near every other sentence but he
John/Joan Winchester died in the car crash Dean/Dee mentioned in the previous chapter (much like canon) because this is a John Winchester hate account.
"I need an outfit for tonight, I'm meeting Deanna's family," she tells her quickly. "She said it was going to be 'fairly casual'. I'm begging you, I need your help."
"I really lucked out in the soulmate department, didn't I?" she asks, grinning widely.
"Yes…" she answers warily, unsure of what her sister's reaction means. Gabe's whole face lights up and a grin stretches across her face, her lollypop nearly falling out.
Ha ha, I'm a horrible person that has kept you waiting for an update for over a year. Sorry? I honestly have no excuses I just haven't been motivated to write for this for that long. I'm making up for it by finally giving y'all that kiss. You can all thank my new friend Cas that I met at hoshicon last weekend for this update, because they are the first person I've met who has actually read this fic other than my friends. So thank you Cas, this one's for you.
“Guess it just stuck with me.”
"Good luck Cassie!" Balthazar calls after her, laughing to herself as Cas closes the door.
“As an angel, I never understood the human concept of marriage. It seemed strange to declare your intent to stay with someone through your pathetically short lifespans, especially when your souls would be separated upon entering Heaven, except in the rare case of true soulmates. Of course, that was before I experienced humanity for myself before I fell in the most literal of senses and began feeling for the first time in my millennia-long existence. I was always the odd one out in Heaven, the angel with a crack in their chassis. But a crack is harmless until put under stress. Meeting you, falling in love with you, was the stressor that finally broke me. I once told you the only real thing left in a world controlled by a capricious and, frankly, terrible writer was us and I stand by that even now. Loving you was the first real act of free will this world experienced and it is my greatest achievement. I can understand, now, the human desire to declare their love to the world in such a public manner. I have existed longer than the Earth or the stars and in all that time, nothing has changed me so much as you, Dean Winchester. I have loved you since the moment I claimed your soul in Hell and I will love you even after your soul returns to Heaven for its final rest. This is my promise to you, Dean Winchester, and it is one I will gladly carry through infinity.”
"Thank you Dean, I would appreciate it." Cas sheds his trench coat and for a moment Dean just stares because he doesn't remember when Cas started wearing his clothes but that seems like something he should recall and yet here they are with Cas wearing Dean's clothes and Dean not remembering when that happened and quite honestly not really caring as long as Cas keeps doing it, because Dean really likes him in his clothes, and oh yeah speaking of clothes Dean needs to give Cas a pair of his pajamas that Dean himself has worn, occasionally sans underwear, so that Cas isn't just standing there in Dean's clothes dripping wet, water soaking through the thin cotton, rivulets running down Cas's chest, stomach, possibly beneath his waistband towards his- right, pajamas. Dean clears his throat and  moves towards his duffle, riffling through it for a second before pulling out his spare pajamas. He's started to carry around a double set of everything after Cas started to Fall, because Dean won't let him wear the same clothes all the time.
. Tears fall from Dean’s eyes but he doesn’t pull away, letting the salty taste mingle with Cas’s in his mouth as he gently coaxes the angel’s lips open, getting his first real taste of him.
"Oh come on!" He complains.
“We came here once before, back at the beginning. Man, we were so young back then. Well, maybe not so much you, Mr. Millenia Old Angel,” Dean huffed a quiet laugh and tilted his head back to catch his first glimpse of stars in the sky. “Except you were young, you were so new to this, to Earth, to humanity. You- you changed so much even in the relatively short time I’ve known you. Can you believe it’s been eight years since we met? Eight years since you pulled my ass from the pit. Eight years-,” his voice cracks and he has to swallow back the tears because if he starts crying now he won’t be able to finish. “You lived for so long as an angel and in the eight years you’ve known me I’ve gotten you killed how many times? How many- You gave up your grace, gave up your divinity, your family, and for what? I don’t- God, Cas, I have no idea why you even stuck around as long as you did. Everyone I’ve ever known has left me and for some godforsaken reason
"You gotta stop thanking me for being nice to you. I'm just treating you like I would treat anyone in my family." Dean tells him with a shake of his head.
When Sam returns from his "museum trip" he finds the lights all back on and Dean and Cas cuddled on the bed, soft smiles on both of their faces as they sleep through the sound of rain on the motel roof.
It takes him until nightfall to find a city, and then another hour to find a working payphone. He doesn’t like to use his grace, as finicky as it is, but he spares the smallest amount possible to call Dean’s cellphone.
"Yes, of course," she replies. "You know how to apply mascara, yes?" she asks, holding out the tube.
The word is said so softly, so weakly, that Dean hardly believes it came from Cas's mouth.
"Shut up," she mumbles, blushing again.
"It is very nice to meet you, Ellen," Cas stutters as she takes Ellen's hand.
His last thought was that at least his soulmate would be spared the pain of knowing him.
"At least we won't have to go through the awkward baby photo phase with my parents as a couple. You've already seen them all." Cas grins at the word 'couple' and follows after him. They walk downstairs together and pick up the discarded clothes. Dean picks up his phone, which was still on the couch where they left it, and turns it on.
"Sorry Cas. I just- I don't want you to be scared anymore." Dean sits on the side of the bed and strokes a hand through Cas's hair. He swings his legs onto the bed and allows Cas to use his legs as a pillow, carding his hand through the messy locks and humming under his breath. The thunder does not last long, though the rain persists, and soon Cas is back to himself, though he stays on Dean's leg and Dean continues to stroke his hair.
Cas relaxes against him and they begin to sway in slow circles around the small patch of grass. Cas leans his head against Dean's and listens as Dean hums softly into his ear. A slow smile spreads across Cas's face and he sighs.
They're at Bobby's, Dean laying against the hood of the Impala, Cas standing on the porch not too far away, and Dean can't stand the distance anymore.
That was one hell of a win.
They pull apart, barely, and turn to look at Sammy’s pinched look.
Cas has died before. Dean knows this better than most, of course, but this time feels different. It feels more permanent. Perhaps it was because they had a body this time, an actual physical reminder that Castiel was gone instead of just a dirty trench coat or the bloody spatter on Bobby’s broken neck.
It was a rough one, this hunt. As if they weren't already exhausted from trying to stop the Apocalypse, the damn salt n’ burn turned out to be
"Dean?" Cas look at him, concerned.
"Open your eyes, Dean, I want to see you as you fall apart," Cas growls. Dean opens his eyes and stares into the dark blue that Cas' eyes have become. The sight, along with a well-timed flick of his wrist, is enough to send him over the edge. His release coats both of them, painting their chests white. Cas follows him shortly after, still stroking him through his aftershocks. Dean can feel the cock inside him jerk as Cas lets go. Cas collapses on him, rolling off slightly and pulling out. Dean closes his eyes and relishes the phantom feeling of Cas's cock inside him. He doesn't know what this was, doesn't know how it'll change their relationship, if even meant anything to Cas, or if they'll ever do this again.
Dean pulled into the motel and quickly got them a room. They loaded their duffles in and settled down, the long hours in the car had exhausted them. Castiel stood awkwardly in the middle of the room as the Winchester brothers splayed out on the two beds. A loud roll of thunder interrupted the silence in the small room and caused Cas to jump in fear. Dean was instantly up and by his side.
"An angel that Falls and gains a soul, the way Anna did, when they are reborn they gain a soulmate, much in the same way a human child would. For an angel in full possession of their Grace to have a soulmate would be... unprecedented."
fingers?"
"We're, uh, going to be heading out in a bit. Sammy's in the shower right now, but as soon as he's out we'll leave." Dean tells the almost-ex-angel. Cas nods and slips out of the bed, stretching again. Dean realized that he'd been letting him sleep in his suit and trench coat. Said articles of clothing were extremely wrinkled, and could probably use a wash.
"But?"
Her mother taught her about colors when she was younger. She said green was the color of grass, of leaves on the trees. Deanna's eyes are green, there's no doubt in her mind about that. Castiel is vaguely aware of color beyond Dee’s eyes, but none of it seems as important as the green flooding her vision.
"I'm getting to it, Dean. Some patience would be appreciated."
"It's very nice to meet you, Mrs. Winchester," Cas says warmly.
Dean nods and pulls his sleeve down, then slowly, carefully, reaches out and unbuttons Cas's shirt. He takes a moment, looks up at Cas's face - his eyes closed but tears falling down his cheeks anyway - before he slowly peeled back the white fabric.
"No, no that was weird," she replies, shutting the door behind her sister. She glances at the clock and swears. "Balth, I need your help!" Cas grabs her roommate's hand and drags her into her room, planting her in front of the closet.
"I want to hear every sound that you're holding back. Every moan, gasp, scream, or expletive that's been building up, I want to hear them," he demands, stroking Dean's cock. Dean groans and arches his back when Cas flicks his thumb over the slit.
The sun sets much faster than it rose, the evening chill descending on him quicker than he expected. He’s only got his cheap, thin canvas jacket on him and even with the flannel and t-shirt underneath it does little to combat the bitter winds. His eyes catch on the trench coat still on the passenger seat through the windshield and before he can talk himself out of it he’s climbing down and yanking the passenger door open. The coat is a little stiff as he slides his arms through it, the dip in the lake certainly doing it no favors, but it’s warm and oddly enough it still smells like the sharp ozone scent Castiel always carried around with him. Even under the blood and Leviathan gunk and lake water, Cas remains tied to the coat. Dean flips the collar and brings it close, dipping his face down so it’s protected from the wind (that’s all, the wind is cold on his face, that’s the only reason, not so he can breathe deep and pretend Cas is beside him again, that he didn’t betray them, that he didn’t walk into that lake, that he isn’t…)
"It's okay. I'll take care of you," Cas whispers into his ear, straddling his legs and pushing at Dean's chest. Dean hits the mattress hard and bounces for a second before Cas is following him down and his lips latch onto Dean's nipples. Dean gasps and his back arches up into Cas, moaning as his tongue swirls around his hard nib.
"I'll see you later Balth, don't wait up!" she calls.
Maybe it was because Dean had finally started to believe he could tell Cas his feelings, had finally come to terms with what he felt for his best friend only to have him die not three feet away from him while all he could do was watch. And now he was stuck looking after the kid of the guy that killed him.
Cas smiles softly, but with a bitter twist to his mouth that Dean wants to smooth out, and nods.
"I know!" she squeals, jumping up and down.
Cas takes a breath, something he doesn't need but has adopted to blend in amongst humanity, and leans against the porch's railing. It's perhaps the most casual Dean has seen him since he drank a liquor store.
"Well, at least they're cool with it," Dean jokes once they've stopped laughing. Cas smiles at him, but it falls as he grows serious.
"It was adorable
-/-/-/-/-
Still, hunting with Sammy was nice. He had been on his own for so long and having his brother with him was a relief. Of course, nothing good ever lasts very long around Winchesters.
"Damn Charles, that is one colorful outfit you got going there," she tells her when she catches up.
"Do you want them to find us?" he growls. Dean shakes his head. "Then I suggest you try to stay quiet," he advises before resuming his work on Dean's collarbone, the skin already sensitized by his previous ministrations. Dean bites on his lip to contain his moans, his eyes fluttering shut. The hand not holding his wrists slides down his side and grips his flannel.
Cas smiles down at the phone before setting it back down. She turns back toward her wardrobe and pulls out a pair of old Doc Martens that she's had since her 'eleventh-grade punk phase', as Gabrielle likes to call it. She laces them up all the way and rolls up the bottom of her jeans to keep the laces from ruining the line of them, showing off just a hint of her bee patterned sock in the process. She takes one last look in the mirror and smiles before turning away, picking up her trench coat as she does. When she exits her room Balthazar is sitting on the couch watching something on tv. Most likely old Doctor Who reruns. She doesn't stay long enough to confirm anything, grabbing her keys on the way out the door.
"Well, yeah," she shrugs. "I mean, you'll have to meet my family at some point anyway. Better sooner than later, right?" Cas stares at her for a second and Deanna starts to panic. "I mean, you don't have to. You'd probably like to get to know me better before you meet my parents. Just forget I said anything, I mean we just met an-"
-/-/-/-/-
"I like her Dee, she's got manners," Ellen comments as she pulls Cas into a hug. Deanna rolls her eyes at her.
He doesn’t know why they weren’t doing this for years.
Dean tries not to let the words shatter him. He doesn’t think he does a good job of it, though.
So yeah, that's this story finished. Hope y'all enjoyed. I'm always open for your feedback.
“Yeah,” he croaks in response, quickly turning to take in the meadow.
When they've finished Professor Harvelle stands again and addresses the classroom.
"You wanna suck me off?" he asks softly, teasing the green-eyed boy. He lets one hand reach up to stroke along the side of Dean's face.
and it took damn near the whole night just to deal with the fuckers. Sam had taken the brunt of their ire so he had collapsed immediately onto his bed once they were back at the motel. Dean tried to follow him to dreamland, he really did, but found himself tossing and turning on another in a long list of terrible motel mattresses.
"Well, fuck. Now I owe Sam and Charlie fifty buck. Each," Gabriel says, breaking the silence. Dean and Cas exchange a confused look.
"Nice hair Cas." Sam commented as he stood up. Cas fixed him with a confused look and raised a hand to his hair. Noticing the way it stuck up everywhere, he used his 'angel mojo' to fix it.
He looks up and takes in the soft golden hue that’s taken over the world.
"Dean, I need you to answer me. I won't do anything if I don't have your consent," Cas says, suddenly further away and Dean doesn't like that at all, he wants him closer, so much closer.
Still…
Then suddenly warmth.
“It’s beautiful, Cas.”
"Hello Dean." Cas says, suddenly behind him even though he's lost the ability to fly only a few weeks before.
"I do."
"You're still an asshole," he tells him as he pulls away. "But you're my asshole for as long as you can be."
Cas smiles softly back. “I love you, too.”
"Dean." Cas's voice trembles and Dean pulls the shower curtains open, looking down at the wet form of his friend, curled on the bottom of the bathtub, warm water still pouring from the shower head. Dean reaches over and turns off the water, then takes the towel that Cas brought in with him and carefully wraps it around his angel.
"Care to say anything to the people who've placed bets on you two?" He asks them, shit-eating smile firmly in place.
It’s years before he sees the meadow again.
“Perhaps I should have stuck around a few more minutes,” Cas allows, “but in all fairness, I had just been rejected by my best friend. I wasn’t exactly eager to wait around for more of the same.”
"Bed," he gasps out and Cas picks him up, wrapping his legs around his waist as he carries him up the stairs to his room, mouth firmly attached to Dean's neck. Dean's back slams into the door and Cas fumbles blindly for the doorknob, turning it and causing them to nearly tumble into the room. Cas lays Dean on his bed and quickly goes to lock the door, not taking any chances with his brothers, home or not. When he returns he rips his blankets off, leaving only the pillows and the fitted sheet.
"Fuck!" he curses.
Cas had started shaking, so Dean held him tighter to his chest.
"Castiel Novak," Deanna answers with a smile.
“I’m happy for you, Dean,” he tells him. Then his smile grows wider and more mischievous. “Also you just won me like $1,000 buck from all our friends.”
printed on his skin from the day he was born.
"Angels have no souls, so it stands to reason that we would have no soulmate."
"Hey, I thought I was your best friend!" Dee complains, letting go of Cas's hand to wrap Charlie in a hug.
The world is washed with blue by the rising sun, the barest hint of orange peeking over the horizon through a break in the underbrush. From his left, he can feel the heat emanating from Castiel and it takes damn near everything in him not to lean over those last couple inches and let his the angel offer a more physical comfort.
He finds the wilted wildflowers in the backseat after he’s parked Baby in her spot in the Bunker garage. A part of him wants to throw them out, but he just slips them into his inside jacket pocket and deposits them somewhere in his room.
"Dean, so good at this," Cas pants, taking a moment to get used to the feeling of Dean's throat convulsing around him. "You were made for this, been thinking about this since I met you. Thought your lips would look so good stretched around me as I thrust into your mouth." Dean swallows around him and hums, the vibrations sending a spike of pleasure through Cas. With immense effort, he pulls out of Dean's wet heat. Dean moans at the loss and tries to follow Cas's cock as it moves away from his mouth. Cas tugs his hair, tipping his head back, and kisses him hard, tongue licking into his mouth to taste himself on Dean's tongue. They both moan and Dean breaks the kiss first, gasping to regain his breath.
"Assbutt? Really?" She raises her eyebrows and is rewarded with the reddening of Cas’s cheeks.
Deanna blushes and looks down sheepishly. "I hadn't even brushed my hair," she mumbles. Cas tucks an arm around her waist and leans her head close to hers.
"Sam wished for some time alone and suggested I wait in here with you." Cas explained, walking forward and invading Dean's personal space as usual. Dean sighed in annoyance.
It was hard not to, Jimmy's words printed clearly on the skin of his neck in a very startling shade of orange.
"What bathrobe?" Charlie asks me suspiciously.
"I'm sorry, I can't hear you." He tells his brother, raising his voice to be heard over the music. He can practically feel the bitchface on his back, but chooses to ignore it in favor of concentrating on the open road in front of them.
"That's what you get for being a bitch. Besides, Cas doesn't mind my music, isn't that right Cas?" Dean looks at Cas expectantly.
Dean pulls back and sets one hand against the side of Cas’s face.
"Sorry, but I don't enjoy your sister's surprise visits anymore than you do. If you could just go out there and tell her to bugger off, that would be brilliant," Balth suggests before turning and walking the short distance to her room. Cas sighs again and heaves herself off the bed, walking back out into the living room. Her sister Gabrielle sits on the couch, feet on the coffee table despite the numerous threats both Balthazar and Castiel have issued towards her should she keep that up. Her eyes narrow as she glares at her from the archway.
"Sammy!" Dean yells, glaring down at his phone. Sam peeks his head out of the bathroom with a bitch face.
A throat is cleared behind her and she looks up to see Bobbie, Jo, and Sam looking at her expectantly.
After Sam left for college and Dean went off to hunt on his own he began to hope again. Every new hunt held the potential for him to meet his soulmate, but each one that passed without the words being said carved away at that hope.
That sweet, kind smile had returned, though the predation in his eyes remained.  “You need not send me the act.”  He let his eyes drift along Dean’s face and lips.  “I wish only to see the results of your pleasure.  To know I
He swallowed again, nervous as hell but as ready as he’d ever be.  “Good morning,” he rasped.  Face flush, he cleared his throat and repeated the greeting.  “I’d like to welcome you to the first ever signing by James Bartlett.”  He flicked his gaze up, finding Dean watching him.  Again that soft, kind smile.
Brushing his forehead, Castiel sang another song, weaving it into Dean much as he had in times past.  It would take the worst of his hangover, letting him wake far easier when he did.  After another few hours of work, fatigue finally set in for Castiel.
Finally, James seemed willing to give up his game, sitting back in his chair with an aggrieved sigh.  “If I must,
Castiel thought.  He tucked his hands into his jeans and shrugged, even though Dean’s back was too him.  He cleared his throat and said quietly.  “I had . . . something on my mind.”
to submit to me is
at a much faster clip than expected.  Which evidently meant illness.
“It’s now or never,” he murmured, staring at the shut door.
“I suppose, he does make one desperate with his … finicky behavior,” Crowley commented.  Castiel could just make out the gentle click of small items.  The coins?  Had Dean honestly thought he could sneak in and just snatch them?
The casual swears and the averted gaze spoke of Dean’s uneasiness.  Taking a deep breath, Castiel threw his head back again, hands fisted at his side.  “Do you want me to curse you, Dean?  Walk away and reject you?”
how he was going to hide this.  He glanced again at Dean as the other man flopped back, arms stretched over his head, face a mask of carefully controlled pain.
"Do … um … would you like to come to my place for … coffee?"
He took a deep breath and snapped the photo, sending it to Castiel before he could think.  He dropped the phone and wrapped his arms over his eyes, wondering if he’d even see it right away.  Maybe he’d turned his phone off.  Maybe this was really just a test to see if Dean could follow instruction.  Maybe –
Dean waved a hand.  ”Naw, man.  I’m good.  Just … yeah.  Good.”  He stepped around Castiel, heading for the front of the store.  He didn’t make it far before Castiel grabbed him by the shoulder.
He nearly fucked up, though, a year ago.  Castiel had made partner – finally – and the celebration turned into a gigantic let’s-see-who-gets-shitfaced-fastest contest in which Dean and Castiel were neck-and-neck.  Halfway through his fifth or fiftieth shot of whiskey, Dean had turned to Castiel and slurred, “You ever done it in a car?”
For a moment, Castiel feared the werewolf would do just that.  But in an instant, he howled in anguish and spun, sprinting from Dean’s home.  Dean, however, didn’t move, waiting until only the sound of the rain remained.  Eventually, lowered his weapon and sighed, digging out his keys.  He turned back, slipping into the house, the lock snicking shut behind him.
You aren’t this stubborn, are you?”  He lifted his foot and nudged Castiel’s leg this time.  “By this time next week, I had better receive a postcard stating you’ve fucked that sexy scamp.”  He popped out of his chair with a wink and grin.  “Or I might have to beat you to it.”
” Gabriel commented.  “
Balthazar glared at him and sat primly on the chair to the corner from the couch, pointedly taking a heavy swallow from his own drink.  “Of that I’m well aware.  However, you have managed to
pay this kind of attention to him.  He sighed when Castiel lifted his left arm, wrapping it around Dean’s shoulders, his right thumb still gently rubbing Dean’s wrist.
Dean leaned against the car door.  “That right?”  Never let it be said he understood
His brain had shorted out given how quickly he gasped out a “Yes!” into the phone.  Slapping his forehead as he shut his eyes tight, he barely caught Dean’s delighted chuckle.
Castiel grinned in relief, nearly falling into the chair beside Dean.  He glanced over at the man, finding a stunned expression on Dean’s face.
” he moaned, head thrown back and eyes shut.
you to touch me.”  When nothing came of his outburst, he looked up hesitantly, surprised to see guilt on Castiel’s face.
Unable to think of anything, Dean whispered a cracked, “Really?” over the phone.
run the way Dean seemed to want him to.  He could still recall Dean’s need.  The mouthed apologies on his skin . . .
Dean’s humor faded.  “Shit, you really think that?”
darling,” he cooed.  “Anything for my
“Don’t deserve you.”  Dean’s muffled voice warmed his stomach with puffs of air.  “Gonna get you killed.”  His arms tightened to a painful degree.  “I ended the world once.  Almost.  Gonna do it again.  Gonna get you killed.  Got Sammy killed.  Got ‘em all killed,” he babbled.
~~*~~
did.  Only, for some ridiculous reason, Dean seemed to think he
is going to have a baby.  Whatever.  Technicality.  Just means Dean's going to be an uncle.  He gets to spoil Moose Jr. to the fullest extent of his checkbook.
Though Castiel’s eyes were hard, his voice stayed soft.  “Dean, you are
he wasn’t going to be disappointed.
to Mr. Winchester.  Regardless of his reaction.  Promise me that?”  He softened.  “You can’t hide in fear of negativity, Castiel.  You will need to face that.”
Staring at the man’s exit in confusion, it took him a moment or two to rouse himself fully.  Trying to shake the sleep from his limbs, Castiel struggled out from under the warm blankets, padding out into the hallway, naked and cold.  By the time he reached the living room, Dean was already slipping out, shoes in hand and jeans unbuckled.  The door clicked shut and Castiel stared at it, bewildered.
“That so?” Dean husked, a second before kissing him.
Sputtering, Castiel stumbled toward the car, blinking in surprise when the officer opened the door for him.  Wordlessly, he slid into the car, thankful to finally be out of the rain but still somewhat confused by everything.
“A trap, I take it?”
“About Michael.”
thing at this point — so it was simply better for everyone on God’s green earth that he do this alone.
Dean was . . .
He halted, wondering if he should send Balthazar away.  Especially since his cousin would likely force him to go through with admitting to Dean who he was.  “God, this day is just getting worse by the second,” he mumbled.  He pulled open the door, wondering what recrimination Balthazar had in store for him.  At the sight of who was beyond the entryway, Castiel’s eyes widened in fear and he hurried to slam it shut.
out there, I’m not worried.  Not in the slightest.”
hot guy who’s letting me use his grill whenever I feel like it.  Kind of a plus, I’ll admit.”
against Dean’s lips, Castiel pulled away, smiling.  “Hopefully, you’ll no longer worry?”
Sitting at the terminal, awaiting the boarding signal, he dug through the file again, finding the same stuff as before:  location hunting, setting up leases, hiring, etc.  Boring stuff compared to his usual work.  He felt like he’d retired or something.  As he slid the papers back into the folder, a small piece of paper fluttered out, hitting the floor.
“Uh, Cas?  Was that even English?”
Dean reddened, still tasting Castiel on his lips.  “Not that big a deal,” he protested.
this.”
Dean snorted, amused that this guy could spend his lunch break on World of Warcraft of all things.  “Well, this hopefully won’t take long.  Sam mentioned that you knew Gabriel, right?”
for an out but that didn’t stop him from waiting until the last minute to finally get in touch with Dean.  He sat on his couch, dressed in worn blue jeans and an old hoodie, brow furrowed and lip caught between his teeth as the phone rang.  If he was lucky, Dean had already turned off his phone for the night or was ignoring anything coming from Castiel.
The other man cleared his throat.  “Uh, I’m Sam; Dean’s brother.  And I’ll be leaving now,” he added with a smirk.  He waved at Dean and grabbed his coat, saying loudly, “Remember, the alarm is still finicky so stay out of the vehicle bays.  Or don’t make sudden moves.  You know.  Moves?”  He snickered and wandered out, whistling to himself.
"I’m fine.  I swear," he mumbled.  Idiot.  That’s what Michael would have said, in that sneering voice of his.
Guilt nearly choked Dean and he smiled, hoping to alleviate the tension.  “I’m sorry . . . Gabe,” he began.  “I, uh, might have read things wrong?”  He’d thought for
Heart lodged in his throat, Castiel pulled the journal into his lap, reading more.  He looked up only once when the lighter clicked out of its resting space but turned back, flipping pages slowly.  So young.  Both were
He scowled and then reddened.  “Excuse me for having a stake in this.”  He blanched when the rest of the conversation caught up.  “D-demon?”
He looked at the man in question, smiling at the sight.  Gabriel was hunched over his salad bowl, chewing as though the salad itself had affronted him.  A small streak of dressing had deposited on his chin and taking a chance, Dean leaned over, swiping the creamy concoction off the man’s skin.  Gabriel’s eyes went wide and he froze in mid-chew, a small noise of confusion coming out.
He snickered, rubbing his head again.  ”You are.  You’re
Wringing his hands now, his pacing quickening, he swallowed visibly.  “It grew worse as I grew older.  I didn’t want to do what he did.  He thinks I’ve finished schooling and have my doctorate.  He
"Oh, god," he rasped.  "I’m so sorry.  I wasn’t … I wasn’t paying attention.  I just …" he groaned.  "I need lightning to strike right now."
Dean almost protested but swallowed, looking down.  “Uh, it’s not that.  Not really,” he admitted.  He stared at their hands, acutely aware of Castiel’s warm skin against his own.  “Just that . . . means this is . . . more than just a fling.”
The silence that met his comment had him worried that Dean had hung up until he heard a deep sigh over the phone.  ”
It took a few seconds for Castiel’s words to sink in.  When they did, Dean bolted upright, apology on his lips when he caught Castiel’s warm smile.  He relaxed, glancing down to find his wrist still cradled in Castiel’s hands.
“I know,” he whispered.  He covered his face with both hands and sighed.  “Oh, when I screw up I do manage it so spectacularly.”  He smiled ruefully, eyes shining with unshed tears.  “I had wanted to keep him from taking you away from me and I feel that I have sent you off just as quickly.”
Once again, Dean seized up in surprise.  For a moment, he almost believed the man.  But then his past surged in again and he slumped down, sobering almost instantly.  “Thanks,” he replied, wondering if either Samandriel or Hiel had been remotely troublesome for Castiel.  Dean would likely make him regret ever being a Dom at this rate.
“Very funny,” he husked, trying to glare but finding it difficult to focus.  He mewled desperately when Dean bit down on his neck, his fingers flying up to tangle into the man’s still wet hair.  Dean repeated the action and Castiel was soon panting, squirming underneath Dean as he tried to find friction.
Sam grinned as Dean stood up, putting his tools away.  “I stopped by at the Roadhouse and picked up lunch.  That okay?”  He snickered at Dean’s faint nod.  “Figured you’d forget.”
His younger brother took a heavy breath.  “Look, I didn’t want to say anything when you were with him because I
Dean chuckled despite his irritation.  ”Yeah, I know.  Figure of speech.”  He rubbed his face.  ”Cas, I like having you around because you’re … you.  The angel thing was a bonus, all right.”  He looked down, staring at the floor.  ”You’re my best friend; next to Sam.  Damn, I’ve lost you so many times over the years that each time you come back, I never want to let you go.”
He waved away Dean’s curious look, darting into the kitchen.  “What?” he hissed.
? he thought, pillowing his head on his arm as he listened to Castiel’s low singing.  Given Sam tended to be a bit more forgiving toward supernatural creatures attempting human lives, he’d probably be on board.
Dinner went well.  Castiel had made baked ziti and Dean though he might die from how good it tasted.  They talked about work and Dean finally brought up Sam and his upcoming wedding.  Castiel listened intently, asking questions but never made a nudge about the wedding itself.  If he thought that
the moment you bled on my floor.”
to understand.  But here, in the tiny room, he felt like he could say nearly anything to this strange man.
“Call me, Gabriel,” he said with a wink.  At the doorway, he gestured with his candy.  “Send anything you need in the US directly to me and I’ll see that you get it.”  He flounced out the door quickly, leaving Castiel alone again.
“So,” he began, not looking at Dean.  “The . . . uh, signing?”
that?”  Dropping his hands, he shook his head.  “Fuck, Cas.  I mean . . . you know I’m a hunter; great.  Do you have any idea what that means?”
Unperturbed, Castiel grabbed his hand, lacing in fingers in Dean’s, though the man tried vainly to prevent it.  “I know what happened to you, Dean.  I’m sorry for running.”  Dean looked so young under the rain’s constant fall.  His hair flattened, his skin ruddy from alcohol.  Looked nothing like the horrors that had been visited on him.  All the grief that must lie in his blood.  “I admit, that name is frightening to my kind.  But as I said before;
“Nice one; I’m not swatting at you again, idiot.”
For a moment, Dean looked akin to a trapped, frightened animal.  But his stiffness melted quickly and he nodded, though his gaze remained carefully blank.  “Oh, yeah; I know.  Nothing’s wrong though.  Promise.”  He seemed to flinch at the last comment as he carefully pulled his wrist free from Castiel’s grip.  “I’ll see you at six.”  He turned and waved over his shoulder, pacing out of the store quickly.
“I have no idea where he’s from but damn!  Gorgeous, don’t you think?”
“Yeah, well; get over it.  You’re heading home.”  Bobby stood and patted Castiel’s leg.  “You’ve got a damn good record, Castiel; time you earned your reward.”  He stopped at the doorway.  “I’ll send over your flight information and the office information in the morning.  Before you head out, though, you’ll get your debriefing and questioning regarding what went on.  Benny and Balthazar filled in most of the gaps but they’ll want you corroborating what you can.”
“Gorgeous,” the man mused.  He shifted the to-go bag to his other hand as he pulled open the door, looking toward Dean and grinning.  “I mean that, Dean.  It’s a beautiful car.”
And for the first time in two weeks, Dean fell asleep immediately, drifting in comforting darkness.
but Dean didn’t see any permanence to the idea.  Castiel would get over his fascination with Dean pretty damn soon, he was certain of that.  And then Dean would suck it up and walk away.
to devour every sweet thing in sight.  In the end, he decided on a cinnamon apple pie, hoping it would be enough to calm himself down after Dean had left.
”  Balthazar’s voice switched to light and teasing.  “
He didn’t even care that this was all a lie.  That Castiel had never been truthful with him.  He was more than certain that Castiel as
Dean grinned, green eyes bright.  “Guess it's a bit too friendly; you . . . want me to stop?  Some don't care for nicknames, I suppose,” he added.
He breathed out a bit, tensing as the cars’ engines drew closer.  That wasn’t entirely true.  While he and Dean didn’t interact face-to-face often, he knew a great deal about the man.  Had to, in order to try and locate him all these years.  Dean wasn’t a violent criminal.  He usually only stole from those so well off they didn’t miss the article in question.  When he’d spoke to Sam a few years ago, the younger Winchester had been full of glowing praise and … well, sadness.  This lie Dean told of being an airline pilot clearly didn’t sit well with the other man.
Dean squinted before sliding his arms under Castiel’s shoulders and sucking methodically at his jawline.  Lips just brushing his skin, Dean murmured, “No, it’s more than that.  Remember; I’m a hunter.  I know your magic is in that.”
An argument burned in his throat but he swallowed it.  Maybe slow was best.  If it meant that eventually, Castiel would take control.  He could withstand a few dates for that, right?  He swallowed, fighting his nerves.  “Okay,” he breathed.  “Slow.”
Dean barely glanced at his brother as he walked out.  “Cas . . . how . . . um, you doin’ okay?”
"You, uh, are the only one who’s actually arrested him; yes?" Balthazar murmured.  He was grinning again, his eyebrows lifted high, fingers drumming against the photo of Dean winking.
Castiel frowned and stood, taking Dean’s wine glass and setting both on the coffee table.  “Dean, can I try something?”
BEHEHEHEEHEE!  Even in romantic comedies, I will employ a cliffhanger.  I'm nothing if not shameless.  *flees*
Castiel shrugged.  ”Perhaps.  But I need to bring you in alive, not full of holes.  Therefore, I’m merely insuring my job is done with fewer complications in the future.”
"Yes.  He let the camera see him clearly; same as always."
His voice rang in the chamber and the demons about them screamed in pain, writhing out of sight.
“Then we’ll do that.”
The dark-haired man paused, cup halfway to his lips.  “Erm, what?”
“Wh-what are you--?”
No, with Castiel, this felt … different.  Maybe it was nothing more than being able to do
“Of course,” Castiel replied quickly but no less honestly.  He leaned forward, his chair squeaking.  “I won’t lie; I’m attracted to you, Dean.  And, if I’m not mistaken, you have been a sub in the past?”
, the guy smelled
Castiel.
"Looks as though you’ll have company this time, Dean."
(See the end of the chapter for
He was there for their pleasure.  That was it.  If he didn’t know any better, he’d think Castiel actually
Dean shook his head.  ”Naw.  This is one of those viruses that you just have to kind of suffer through.  They’re annoying and persistent but you don’t normally die from ‘em.”  Not thinking, he reached out and ruffled Castiel’s hair.  ”So quit with the melodrama.”
Castiel opened his mouth to respond when his phone rang.  He moved to the kitchen and picked up the cell he’d left on the bar counter.  Before he’d managed a hello, a rough voice snapped, “The hunter’s there, isn’t he?”
When things were quiet, though, Castiel liked to pretend that he and Dean were . . .
“I beg to differ,” Castiel remarked, trying to ignore the
had he been thinking telling Dean he was Gabriel?  That . . . that wasn’t even remotely close to reality.  He was barely
Blinking at the bright light, they found themselves in yet another garage, this one well lit and clean.  Two cars of indiscriminate worth sat at the end of the garage.  From his vantage point, Castiel could see no one else; not that it didn’t mean they were alone.  He looked at Benny and gestured toward the door across the way.
“Huh?”  Dean felt his cheeks warm.
"Agent Novak?"
of complaining about the food, I’ll lock you up naked.”
“Oh, yeah; he knows.  Was the one thing I was able to pass on before he lit out.”  He didn’t sound mad, just highly amused.  “So, after you get the all clear, you’ll need to head back to the States.”
for lack of a better term.  He dressed in clean, dark jeans, a green button-up with a black t-shirt underneath.  Checking himself in the mirror for the fifth time in as many seconds, he rolled his eyes and snorted.  Seriously?  All this anticipation over a guy who just wrote really hot sex?
got damaged.”
Unsure of what to say, Dean followed the demand.  His fingers twitched to pull at his dick but he stayed in position, digging them into his thighs instead.
Nodding faintly, Castiel murmured, “I’m aware.  We’ll take care of that as well, Dean.”
would I come back and mess that up?”
Dean knew he was a good looking guy.  And he hadn’t imagined Castiel’s lingering looks or the stunned expression on his face the first day they’d met.  The more he thought on it, the more he was certain
Balthazar remained quiet for a moment longer.  “
His smile weakened and he tugged on Dean.  ”Car’s this way, Dean.”
He swallowed nervously.  ”Oh.  S-sorry.”
, and frankly, just Dean’s type.
”  He smirked at Dean and added, “By the way, I think you’d make an
"You are also a thief and you broke into an Interpol agent’s room after stealing from a notorious gang leader."  He sniffed, inwardly amused by Dean’s petulance.  "At the very least, I should send you straight to headquarters without a second thought."
”  He sighed.  “
A muffled, “My, Cassie; anti-social much?” came through the door.
He wriggled, trying to get out from under the man but he merely whined and slunk an arm under Castiel’s back, effectively trapping him.
“Did just fine without your help,” he preened.  He plunked himself down on his couch, checking his watch.  He had a few more minutes before he had to leave to get to the restaurant.  He didn’t want to be too early but he didn’t want to keep James waiting, either.
“Cute, Dean,” Sam retorted.
was simply the nervous, anxiety-ridden, introvert Castiel Novak.
Head buzzing with lust, Dean nodded, unable to find the words.  Fuck, he wanted that, too.  He wanted to submit.  To go to his knees.  Do
Castiel chuckled and switched hands, rubbing Dean’s left.  “Ah.  I wondered what all that was about.”  He smiled again, warmer this time.  “Well, if we’re lucky, they’ll tell us this is a false alarm and we can hurry back inside.”
Commuter Angel’s eyebrows twitched but he said nothing, staring at Dean.
So, Monday morning, he sat on the edge of his bed, dressed in slacks, white-collared shirt, blue tie and jacket.  Staring at the mirror.  He turned, looking down at his cell phone and with a shaking finger, scrolled through the latest messages.
He yawned, hiding his mouth for a moment.  “I’d say that went well, don’t you?”
Dean snorted.  “I’d hate to think you’d make crap desserts, Cas.  Helluva piece offering, otherwise.”
“Fix you?”  Castiel lifted a hand, fingers hovering against Dean’s cheek.  “There is nothing to
Dean’s eyebrows rose and he chuckled.  “All right then.”  He turned to look at the window.  “Just, hit it with a rock or something.  Probably hurts, doesn’t it?”
Feigning annoyance and making a show of rolling his eyes, Dean tugged on Castiel’s shoulder.  ”C’mon, you big baby.  Let’s get you back to bed.”
He fished out his phone and dialed Castiel’s number.  It rang and headed to voicemail.  Three more tries and on the third try, straight to the inbox.  Annoyed, he texted Castiel a brief,
“Huh?  Oh.  Oh!  Yeah, sorry.”  He pointed at the cabinets.  “Plates?”
To his surprise, his erection surged anew and he almost laughed at the idea.  Just seeing Castiel’s cock was enough to get him hard?  Giddy elation flooded him and he did laugh then, rolling onto his side until his chest heaved with the struggle to breathe.  As his hysterical humor faded, he turned back to the phone, eyeing the man’s dick.
Rest of the precinct?  He squints again and the flash of headlights going by illuminates a far too familiar face.
To his surprise, Dean glared, his fingers white on the plastic fork.  ”Not what that’s about,” he snapped.  His brow furrowed and he jabbed at his meal.  ”Not even close,” he added.
Oh, so he’s
"Mmhmm?"
The proprietor ran his slender fingers along the red-and-black leather that now nestled against Dean’s wrist.  ”See?” he murmured.  ”Very well crafted.  Cushioned.  Perfect for … whatever you intend.”  His blue eyes were dark and warm.  Sultry, if Dean had to put a name to it.  ”Are they a surprise for your girlfriend?  Boyfriend?”
“Oh!”  Dean blushed and shut the door, sliding past Castiel toward the house’s interior.  “Uh, this is my place,” he murmured.  Thankfully, due to he and Castiel being apart for a week, the place remained tidy.  Not that Dean was a slob but at least nothing looked too much like a bachelor lived there.
Which only reminded Castiel he was
But, he’d find a way.
“Clothe yourself, pet,” Castiel commanded.
Dean towered over him, squinting at the writing.  “Why not?” he answered.  He snorted.  “I’ve no story to tell, Fireball.  I just live here and I fix cars.  That’s it.”
That latter bit definitely left his stomach twisting.  The Scottish gang leader was smart and deadly; and if Dean ended up on his radar, Castiel wasn’t all too certain he’d make it in time.
favorite.  Honestly, he preferred pub food but Balthazar had an expensive palate, probably from his years as a decorator.  Or being from Britain; either worked.
Another flash of his grace, carving a hole through the shadows of Hell.  He clutched the soul to him, driving upward, the weight in his grace painful as he tore it free from Hell.
to know why a man who claimed to want him so badly would turn him away so easily.
could end it right now.  Put a stop to the confusion and back and forth.  The frustration.  He could walk away and maybe slip back into the BDSM world.  Find a new Dom.  Or a Domme.  He’d not gone that route yet.  He could find someone who’d use him and maybe humiliate him like Michael had.  The way he’d earned.  The way he'd always deserved.  So easily done.  It wasn’t like he hadn’t given others the brush off since Michael.  He'd been approached twice before but he'd shied away, knowing what a disaster he was.  Be just like old times.  All he had to do was say the word and it’d be all over and he’d be back to where he’d started.  He’d say goodbye to the man with the gorgeous eyes and beautiful voice.  To the soft touches.  The gentle words.  The way his stomach flipped pleasantly when Castiel squinted at him.  The smell of his cologne.
Gabriel mumbled what might have been a
Dean smirked.  “Need some help there?”
wanted so he might get a little of the same in return.  A means to an end.
to ignore the building ache in his groin, Castiel took a tentative bite of his own pie, the sweetness and cool texture of the ice cream doing wonders to calm his racing heart.  The sugar would help.  Would have to help or he might not be able to withstand the continued noises of bliss Dean seemed intent on letting out.
conversation considering what had taken place the last time they’d talked.
Castiel considered that.  He knew about hunters.  About their cruelty.  The sadism that often matched that of their prey.  In fact, he’d even heard of a pair of brothers.  Two men who’d started and ended the apocalypse.  Who’d left an ocean of blood in their wake.  Never knew their names, though.  Other than the last;
He swallowed another mouthful of wine.  “Oh, I don’t know,” he lied.  “People talk.  Ghosts, werewolves,” he swallowed nervously, “fairies.  Just . . . urban legends, like you said.”  God, he wanted the subject changed now.  This had been a bad topic to choose.
“I suppose you’ll simply have to prove that to me,” Castiel replied.  He hesitated before leaning up to kiss Dean on the cheek.  “Drive safe,” he murmured.
Dean sighed.  “Cas.  Castiel.  I know who you are.”  He smiled weakly.  “I know you write under the name James Bartlett.  I know you’re really Castiel Novak.”  He jerked a thumb over his shoulder.  “I know the guy you
Benny – or the man he assumed to be, Benny – just chuckled and nodded.  “No worries there, brother.”  His eyes lifted.  “Canister’s gone off and if Bal’s prepared, he’ll be the only one standing.”
publisher.”  He reached over and patted Dean’s shoulder, dragging his fingers down his arm as he did.  “And just think, Dean; we’ll be seeing
How much had he lied about though?  All of it?  Maybe Dean had been here on a hunt.  A deception.  Maybe Sydney had been right.  It could all be an elaborate plan.  Wipe out a single town of the supernatural with hardly a peep.  Isn’t that what the Winchesters did?  As he paced, he spied the book Dean had been looking at when he’d returned from the kitchen.
Castiel sighed, sitting back.  ”Fuck my life,” he muttered.  At Dean’s confused look, he waved his free hand.
A promise.
“And?”
Castiel tried to return it, hoping to add a bit of seductive-pencil-chewing to it but only managed to jab himself in the eye with the eraser end.  Horrified, his eye watering, he was
Dean snorted, turning his head away.  ”So … just for the collar, huh?”
If Castiel frowned any deeper, he’d go blind.  ”Dean?” he prodded finally.  Not that it was possible.  Dean only ever left notes for him.  Never called.  He didn’t even think the man knew
He cleared his throat.  ”I’ll, uh, head into town for some cold crap.  Like, lozenges and shit.”  He waved at his own throat awkwardly.  ”Help with the, uh, throat thing.  And stuff.”
Castiel’s cheeks flared hot.  “I . . . I mean . . . my . . . company’s book.  I’ve read them.  All of them.  A lot.”
but he garbles out what he thinks is thanks but could have been the morning's weather report for how well that last brain cell is firing.
Castiel looked down and nodded.  “So it seems,” he slurred.  He grinned at Dean.  “Oh, before I forget.”  Using what strength remained, he pulled back and cracked his fist into Dean’s jaw, watching with satisfaction as the man slumped over where he was tied.  Swaying, Castiel wiped his hands deliberately on his jeans.
He was going to do something dastardly to Pam’s car after all this.  Hands balled into fists against his thighs, he forced out, “Nope.  Still pretty much . . . single.”  Jesus.  He felt like he’d been thrown onto a shitty dating show.
Dean in the middle of fleeing from a gunfight.  How messed up was his life?  Castiel wasn’t anything to Dean beyond a constant thorn and pest.  All the past teasing was probably little more than Dean trying to get a rise out of him, or get him to back off.  There certainly wasn’t
Castiel’s warm chuckle caught him off-guard.
you.”  He pulled back, lips bruised.  The grief was beginning to fade from his eyes, their color once more bold and bright.  “Sorry, but, I think I’m keeping you,” he teased.
Sam clicked off and Dean stuffed his phone and wallet in his pockets, grabbing his leather jacket from the back of the couch.  He slipped out the front door of the house and trotted to the Impala, sliding inside.  The drive to the restaurant was pleasant and quick and he made it there ten minutes before seven.  Thankfully, Gabriel – and a man he assumed to be James – were just walking up to the front doors.
Castiel winced.  “I’m sorry,” he murmured.  “I wasn’t –“ he stopped when Balthazar held up a hand.
“I’m not asking –“
“You know, Cas, that thing should be buried by now.  Think you’ve had it for as long as I’ve known you.”
Despondent, he finished waking up and padded back to his bedroom, pulling on a pair of old jeans and a worn t-shirt, slipping on his hoodie from the night before at the last minute.  No point in trying to make an impression on the man.  At this point he just had to get through the entire unfortunate event and then he could go back to being single and alone.
“Good.”  Balthazar finished off his coffee and set his mug down.  He stood and dropped the magazine on the table.  “Well, I’m off, darling.  Do enjoy your little field trip.”
He locked up the store, just as it began to rain.  He almost grinned at the sight.  He could mute his colors to match the raindrops themselves, hopefully giving him some bit of camouflage.  Formulating his plan carefully, he hurried home, nearly vibrating with anticipation.  Once inside, he locked all doors and windows but for his one escape hatch and shifted quickly, trilling at the pop of his wings.
Dean’s mouth dropped open.  He had no idea what they were made of but tiny purple dicks dotted the fancy cake.  Including one rather absurdly detailed one that perched atop the otherwise immaculate cake.
He held his breath and lifted it to his ear, hoping to
"Such a pity," Castiel breathed in his ear, his tongue just grazing Dean’s lobe.  "They are quite …
An edge of anger seeped into his voice.  “
Glaring, he snapped, “You are not a very good liar, Dean Jefferson.”
They agreed on dinner together at a local restaurant the following Tuesday.  To say that Dean was nervous as hell for the next three days would have been an understatement.  He grew snappish at work, often dropping tools in his clumsiness.  Bobby had reprimanded him more than once for it and Dean only flinched, thinking it a terrible sign of what was to come.  It was with great relief he left the auto shop that afternoon, hurrying home to change into something pleasant for Castiel.
Dean looked away, breathing deeply through his nose.  “Cas, stop it.”
would continue as planned?  Great.  Dean frowned at that.  “He still wants you to pretend to be him?”
The garish neon of the diner bloomed to life finally and Dean grinned.  “Shit, looks like something off Route 66.”  The bright red and orange duck was new though.  He had to wonder if he should start collecting pictures of all the oddball signs they saw.  He snickered as he pulled into the nearly empty lot.  It was likely
Castiel mumbled, “’kay,” to the silent phone.  He pulled it away, staring at it.  This was all very, very strange.  Dean had been nice to him at the dinner the previous night but not . . . well, he had . . . there had been the thing with the salad dressing.  And the winking.  And the smiles.
or yourself, you stated you were Gabriel?”  He rubbed his forehead when Castiel nodded frantically.
With the window of communication opened again, Dean wasn’t that surprised to receive a text from Castiel around noon the next day.  He was, however, surprised by the brief nature of it.
his own ingrained instincts, he shook a little as his hands settled on Castiel’s waist.
Weird.  Dean cleared his throat, still watching Castiel’s slender fingers.  “Uh, well . . . there . . . I mean . . . there might be . . . someone,” he admitted.  The look of triumph on Pam’s face made him want to slam his head into the desk.  Maybe this was some sort of bet or prank between Pam and Sam.  It wouldn’t have surprised him.  Both were goddamn asses when they chose to be.
“You . . . you’re not upset?” he ventured.  He whimpered when Dean took the mug from his hands.  Without anything to distract him, he folded his arms awkwardly, staring downward.
fall ill.”
Knowing that and knowing that Castiel probably dated men with more letters behind their name than the alphabet, Dean tucked his boyish crush to the back of his head and opted to just ogle the guy the few times he’d end up seeing him.  Because there was
Castiel shifted, managing to loosen Dean’s arms as he did.  He knelt in front of the man, finding bloodshot green and damp lashes.  He trilled low and warm.  “Oh, beloved,” he breathed.  He kissed Dean gently, pulling back hastily when Dean fumbled for him.  “Shh,” he murmured.  He stroked Dean’s cheek, humming and cooing.  “Tell me, Dean.  Tell me what you fear.”
Dean reached over, cupping Castiel’s chin in a warm hand.  ”Yeah.  Step Two.  You know?  Dates.  Kisses.  Hmmm … sex?”
He drove to Dean’s shop, trying to shuck his dark mood but unable to get very far.  By the time he’d parked, he was
to hurt me.  And I like that it’s right on the edge of town.  Pretty private.”
"Why would your lawyer brother be a reason for you to keep doing this?"
“Yeah, I kinda am,” Dean murmured, looking away.  When he faced Castiel again, his humor had tempered, leaving that strange sadness that clung to the man.  Unaware, Dean tapped the counter between them.  “Is six okay?”
Okay, not lucky.  Also, confused.  He gaped at the flirty tone, his entire purpose for calling suddenly dashed in his head.  Eventually, he grunted out a “Dean?” as he struggled to remember.  Something about books?  Maybe?
"You’re spying on me?"  Which made some sense.  How else did Dean always know where to leave a note?  He was rather good at communicating; even if it was typically vague and … lewd.
Dean nodded as he unlocked Castiel’s door.
"Dean?"  He spoke softly, all tease gone from his voice.  He didn’t pinch Dean’s hand but held it gently, moving it away to undo the silver latch on his wrist.  "Dean.  You’ve been triggered.  Are you all right?"
Dean nodded.  ”Stupid, huh?”
Though his arm smarted from Dean’s bruising grip, Castiel kept his calm smile and repeated the simple phrase.  Disbelief and fear clouded Dean’s green eyes.  Castiel had never seen such a reaction to a declaration like this.  Why would he be so frightened of being loved?  Why didn’t he want that?  Castiel’s heart ached at that knowledge.  What had happened in Dean to hollow him out so completely?  Did he truly believe himself not suitable for love?
On wobbly legs, Castiel pushed up from Dean’s lap, dizzy with lust and love.  He grinned at Dean, somewhat confused to find the man unwilling to meet his eyes.  Shy?  Maybe.  He didn’t think Dean would be shy.  He’d admitted to sleeping with other women.  Had been in a serious relationship a few years ago though he’d hardly elaborated on it.
Castiel breathed out, the sound shaky.  “I’m relieved.”  He leaned in, resting his forehead on Dean’s shoulder.  “I promise you, Dean, I will
want anything to do with him.  Maybe . . . maybe this was all a fool’s desperate errand on his part.  His inability to let go and walk away.
By his third cup of coffee (thankfully, the place allowed refills of the black stuff), he was feeling less stressed and a bit more normalized in terms of his pending assignment.  Sitting back, he sipped from his mug, wondering if he needed to spend anymore time in the coffee shop when he looked up.
he was so replaceable, wouldn’t Castiel have dropped all this immediately after Dean’s confrontation?  Dean knew he was a poor sub; too mouthy and opinionated.  This argument had been the perfect opportunity for Castiel to cease things with Dean and find a different, more pliant sub.
It didn’t take a genius to realize Dean feared intimacy.  He’d mentioned being ‘shit’ at such things before.  He’d had a long-term relationship in the past so it was clear he
“Dean.  Are you all right?”
Even so, he found himself curious of Castiel.  He’d done research on the shop and found it was one of the highest rated sex shops in Kansas.  Clean, well-liked, respectful of queer relationships.  They even offered rope classes and Dom instruction.  He’d found a picture of Castiel, dressed in a neat, button-down shirt, sleeves rolled up to his elbows.  Blue eyes wide and bright.  Hair just as mussed as it’d been when Dean had been there.
Finally extricated from his cable prison, Castiel looked again at Dean, clearly morose.  He gave Dean a brief, weak wave and began walking off, away from the set.
So, Castiel was hot.  Smart.  Driven.  Professional.
had become the new wrinkle in his life.  He’d fully intended to disappear into the shadows after Sam’s recrimination.  It would have been the least he’d deserved.  He never disagreed with Sam; he had lied in a way.  He’d let Gadreel infest his brother in a blind attempt to keep him alive.  Even if it had been for Sam’s benefit, he’d neglected to warn Sam about the angelic stowaway.
to the safe.  From there, mere safecracking that a child could enact.
Castiel grinned, wiping his face a second time and kissing Dean hard.  Beautiful, stupid, arrogant Dean was alive and safe.  He didn’t give a damn how the rest of the day went; his Dean was safe.  With a sigh, he straightened up as best he could, the blade in his side leaving a void of numbness along his left.
Now?  Fuck, who knew what he was now.  If Castiel even saw a second of his actual life, he’d laugh in his face.  Call this entire escapade clean off.  The dates were jokes.  And Dean was slowly growing addicted to their softness.  Not a good thing.  Not by a long shot.
Swallowing, Castiel still wouldn’t meet his eyes.  “I lied to you.  Why . . . why do you even care what I feel?”
Dean smirked.  “Don’t you mean
Brain rebooted, Dean grinned, tightening his grip on Castiel.  He nuzzled the man’s nose and replied, “Merry Christmas, Cas.”
He lifted his head then, nose brushing Castiel’s.  His lips curled in humor, even while the deepest sadness flooded those brilliant green eyes.  “Yeah,” he rasped.  “I’m good.”  He crossed the short distance, kissing Castiel firmly.  His fingers tightened on Castiel’s somehow missing the worst of the burns.
Castiel took a deep breath and whispered, “I know.”
Legs wobbly, Castiel managed to follow the man, clutching the bedroom’s door frame as he took in the sight.  Dean, on his knees, legs spread.  That inviting ass just
I had some awkwardness in one spot so . . . I hope this is an okay addition.  :/
“Yeah, I’m thinking, set up a display for his most recent book and then he can talk for . . . maybe a half hour?  Maybe even read from it?”  Dean shifted leaning back.  He’d headed home over his lunch and changed into his tightest pair of jeans, a dark gray button-down and a slightly too-tight vest.  He even made certain to keep his sleeves rolled up so that his tattoo remained in full view.  He didn’t need his glasses at the moment but they were folded and waited patiently in his vest pocket.  According to that article, Castiel was most undone by
To see you pleased would bring me untold ecstasy.”  He drew his hands away, letting one drag along Dean’s neck possessively.  “I look at you and I see a man of strength and character.  Someone who remains in direct control of all around him.”  He licked his lips, eyes dark and sinful.  “To have you drop that control in my presence, to give that control
"I never wore a halo," Castiel mumbled, brow furrowing.
Castiel is in his senior year at college and everything is going wrong on the first day of his Spring Semester.  And then suddenly, they're not.
exactly.  Fairies were unnaturally strong even in their tiny size but he doubted a heavy oak door would have much give.  He slumped down in his earthen hideaway, brow furrowed.  Was there a basement to the cabin?  Maybe he’d overlooked another way in.
laughed
The drive to the bookstore was quicker than Castiel would have liked.  It left him less time to formulate a plan of attack.  It looked like a nice place, though.  The sign,
, though Castiel could admit, it was where his mind was headed.
“You’re … welcome?” Castiel hedged.  He touched his lips, the skin still tingling.
"Step … two?"
Dean would have thought his elation regarding the ramped-up nature of his relationship with Castiel would have faded by the next day, overtaken by the same stomach-churning anxiety he’d been beset with since Day One.  It didn’t, though.  The passionate pleasure lingered in his blood clear until dinner with Sam and Jess on Sunday.  His weekend, for once, remained relatively easy and enjoyable; he couldn’t even remember the last time that had happened.  Maybe there was something to Castiel’s pleas of
Which
.  Almost every day, the stranger would tromp through his hardware store buying lumber, tools, and any other home improvement item on his shelves.  He didn’t say much.  Usually paid in cash.  Tall, broad-shouldered with light brown hair and stunning green eyes.  Middle-aged, maybe, but carrying an air about him far older than that.  He typically dressed in jeans and flannel with or without an old, brown, leather jacket.  Scruffy jaw as though he couldn’t be bothered to shave more than every two or three days.  He either showed up in an old, dented pickup or in a sleek, classic car.
Balthazar signed the receipt and stood, grabbing his jacket.  ”Of course,” he purred.  He winked at Castiel and tugged on his arm.  ”Mustn’t keep our loved ones waiting, hm?”
“Dean.  May I see your hand?  Please?”
James Bartlett.”  He sighed.  “
Ya'll are in for a treat; double-update!  The Ao3 version is now in time with the Tumblr version.  Needless to say, porn happens in the final bit.  :3
“S-sure,” he murmured.  “Um, have a good day.”
It seemed it would take time for Dean to understand.  Or perhaps action.  He leaned in, kissing Dean’s jaw, feeling tendon jump under his lips.  “I told you.  Stay here.  With me.”  Another kiss, a faint dart of his tongue against stubble.  “I would have no other.”
The man peeked at him through his fingers and nodded cautiously.  ”I … altered my route one day because of construction.  And … noticed you.”  Even under the dark sky and with only Dean’s garage light to illuminate things, he could see the man’s flushed face.  Those bright blue eyes.  Damn, he'd thought them bright in passing but now they glowed like gas lamps.  ”I, um, might have been … um, continued with this longer route on purpose.”
He’d expected mockery.  Derision.  Amusement.  Not the worry.  The concern.  That almost seemed to hurt worse.
Dean wasn’t doing his job; so how could it be good?  How could it be good to simply have a man like Castiel stroke his wrist?  To touch his hand?  It wasn’t right for him to want that above sex.  He stumbled in his pacing, grabbing the edge of his desk in his panic.
tonight you’re going to forget you ever slept with
“You said that,” Castiel murmured, cautious about distracting the man.
sense.  How could Castiel be a Dom if he wasn’t using Dean?  They’d just be . . . dating.  Right?  He squirmed in his chair, frustrated and annoyed.  “But what are you getting out of it?” he asked.
His companion cooed and snickered at Castiel’s glare.  ”I’m not expecting details, Cassie.”  He picked up the check, leaving his card and handing it to the waitress.  ”I’ll take you back to your hotel and you can reassure the young lad.”
For three weeks, Dean watched the man in the scruffy jogging shorts and AC/DC shirt trot past his house.  Every day.  Clockwork.  He ran past Dean’s front door at six in the evening, every damn day.  When it began to rain finally, he figured he wouldn't see the guy for a while.  But, no.  He still ran by.  Dean couldn’t complain; a soaked t-shirt made for some good ogling time.
Castiel sagged, breathing out in relief.  He felt two hands on his throat, gentle and warm.  He blinked, finding Dean’s green eyes watching him.
“Do find out if he has another brother.  Sam’s just . . . not my type.”
“He does now.  Last night was his first night on.  I guess his rent went up this month.”  Charlie shrugged.  Her face softened.  “Why would you hide him?”
He tugged hard on Dean’s hair, his hips driving up, seeking pressure.  The sensitive skin of his dick brushed Dean’s tight stomach as he moved.  He moaned, heels digging into the bed.  Oh, why had they waited?  It felt so beautiful and terrible.  The sweetest torture.  He gasped when Dean’s hand slipped from his tender nipple, running down his side to squeeze his hip.
The supposed guy in charge.  Not the crazy writer.  How depressing.  And confusing.  He really hated having to remember that part.
Unfazed, Dean continued grinning, lips curled pleasantly.  “Oh?”  He shifted, leaning one elbow on Castiel’s counter.  “You might be right,” Dean purred.  His eyes narrowed warmly and he added in a low tone, “Though, there’s this really,
"You sure it was him?" Bobby asked.
“Sounds great, Cas.  I’ll bring the beer.”  He winked at Castiel as he shifted past.  “Later!”
Castiel could just see his car.  Not that far.  Yet, it seemed interminable at this rate.  ”What’s that, Dean?” he asked, hoping to humor the man.
At least some things had stayed consistent in his life.
Rather than protest, Dean nodded.  He gave Castiel one more look before padding away into the adjoining bathroom.  The door clicked closed and in a few seconds, water began running.
So many faces.  Men and women.  Young and old.  Expectant.  Books clutched in their hands.  Excitement radiating from their forms.
you are such a desirable companion.”  He carded fingers through Dean’s hair, sighing.  “So much fire and life.  You fight me and I want nothing more than to feel that.  I
he wanted to but simply wouldn’t.
he sighed.
Realizing that, Castiel sat on his floor with a thump, clutching a bundle of t-shirts.  How had he messed up this badly?  He’d never intended for Dean to like him.  It really was just so Castiel could spend time with the man.  Meet someone.  Even if it never went anywhere.
muck up my day with your drama.”
a treasure of Heaven?  How could the angels have let a soul so cherished succumb to such atrocity?  Castiel gathered his grace, nearly gaining a form as he hovered before the Righteous Man.
Dean did snicker then, the sound fading quickly when Castiel flinched.  “You think he’s got a bit of blue balls, huh?” he cooed.  He watched Castiel’s hands drop, the man squinting at him.  He shrugged.  “Yeah, I can see that.  Bad sex and all that.  Get your kinks out.  Get your
Licking his lips, Dean’s lust returned, leaving green eyes blazing hot and dark.  “You know,” he husked, “I’ve been thinking about you since I left.  Wished we’d fucked.” He dropped his arms down, tugging Castiel’s jeans off as well as his boxers.  Dean’s hand rested warm and firm against his cock and Castiel hissed, his hips bucking.
at his store.  Castiel was just going to show up and sign books.  He got
He mentally slapped himself as Dean handed him a filled mug.  Thankful for the distraction from his damn horny mind, he took a sip, unable to stop the low moan.  “Oh, my; heavenly.”  He lifted the mug for another sip and found Dean staring at him, lips parted.  Confused, he tilted his head.  “Dean?”
Dean took his hand only to have Castiel yelp suddenly.  “What?!”
remotely pressuring.  He talked, he smiled, he laughed but he didn’t touch Dean.  Well, not much more than a fleeting caress of fingers or a warm kiss to the cheek.  Twice, he’d stroked Dean’s hair and to Dean’s absolute horror, he’d whimpered and leaned into it.
The man yelped and doubled over; convenient since this gave Castiel the chance to smack him in the face with the open tines of the stupid thing.  Wet fabric against skin didn’t sound very pleasant.  And given the yowl that followed, Castiel was fairly certain he’d managed to jab the poor fool with one of the spokes.  Even now, he could discern a faint red mark on the man’s jaw.
– and just ignored it, going on his merry way.
Another wicked, soft grin.  ”Most people in this district go to the college.  So … English?”
Dean manages to get his head to move so he can zero in on Pretty Voice.  Blue.  Goddamn gorgeous blue eyes.  Dark hair.  He reaches out and tweaks the guy's nose.  Oh good; he's real.  Even better!
– I just want to know that you’re here.  With me.”  Another kiss, this one filthy enough to draw out a pleading moan from Castiel’s throat.  “Say you’re here.
He sat atop his toilet seat, elbow on one knee, chin in his hand.  He rethought his earlier idea about admitting the truth.  He could just tell Dean he’d been so startled that he’d blurted the first thing that came to mind.  They were both adults; Dean was bound to understand.  Maybe.  Probably.  He winced.  Probably not.  If Dean wouldn’t be angry, he’d laugh himself sick at Castiel.  Mock him, maybe.  Toss him out for sure.
Dean buried himself in work the rest of the afternoon, hoping to stave off the worst of such thoughts.
Sighing, Castiel flopped back on the bed, wondering how he was going to get Dean to understand.  He wanted to be with the man, no matter the danger.  He loved him.  Utterly.  And he
Dean's just coming off a way-too long shift only to have a fire alarm go off.  Though, he finally gets to meet his neighbors so . . . that's good, right?
Barely functional, he begged Dean, the man’s name a whisper of air as his body opened up, accepting more of this tempting man.  He whimpered and screamed, nonsensical from the man’s prowess.
So why was he still riding it, now that the Impala was purring again?  Because of
They ate quietly, Castiel filling Dean in on his day.  How he’d had to turn a bachelorette party away for being rude and raucous.  How, matter-of-factly, he remarked on losing a shipment of dolphin-shaped dildos.  Through it all, Dean felt his stress melting, his unease and hair-trigger mental state finally fading into something manageable.
“—haunted.  Yeah, heard it all.”  Dean snorted.  “I’m not worried.  It’s, uh, taken care of, I think,” he added, looking away.  He glanced at Castiel and cleared his throat.  “Anyway, thanks for the promotion, Cas.”
“Um, okay.”  Sydney waved and smiled before slipping out the front door.
With a jolt, Dean realized that was the problem.  Hiding his sudden insight, he leaned over his appointment book, staring blindly at the next week’s jobs, pencil twiddling in his hand.  That was the problem.  Dean felt
Dean blinked and then grinned.  The cold had to be why he did it.  Brain cells frozen.  Or dead.  Or both.  He leaned in and husked, “I know a
agent.  I’ve seen it before.  They get their jollies yanking you around.”  He chuckled.  ”Trust me, he’s gonna be there as long as you are.”
Breathing slow, Castiel asked quietly, “Sydney.  What did Ashanti and Miam think of this call?”
"Uh.  Th-thanks," Dean managed, not believing a word of it.  Of course he’d done something wrong.  He’d rejected a Dom; again.  He was nothing
Dean managed a weak smile, nodding.  Well, now was the time.  Castiel would probably give him directions to his house . . . or maybe he’d just take Dean in his car?  It wasn’t working the way he’d expected and he was a bit turned around, trying to guess the next step.  He blinked in surprise when the Impala’s door opened and Castiel swung around to slide out.
“Sure thing,
He’d know by tomorrow.  Hopefully.  He just hoped he’d be all right with the choice in the end.
Not thinking, Castiel immediately dropped his face into the amber liquid, sputtering when it burned down his throat and nose.  He fluttered and dashed about just as Dean approached.
"And you will.  Remember?  We’ll both get off at the station and take separate routes, on the off-chance he has the tube monitored."  He yawned again, scratching his jaw.  He needed a shave and badly.  Returning to the matter at hand, he added, "I’ll cross past the Eye and find a good vantage point and keep an eye on you."
it Gabriel, he’d given up the idea of a date since he’d been fairly sure
Castiel inclined his head, squinting.  Maybe.  But, maybe not.  He purred and trilled, shaking his head.  No, regardless of what happened, he
“Maybe I should be mad at you, Cas, but I’m not.”  He still held Castiel’s hand, fingers warm and soft as they toyed with Castiel’s.  “I don’t care why we met, or how; I’m just glad we did.”
“No, he’s . . . out.  Kind of like me.”  Dean stopped moving and folded his arms over his chest.  “He’s not . . . I mean, we’re not really a
“Uh, no?”  He took a step away from Castiel.  “I, uh, keep tabs on all you guys.  Need to … um … stay a step ahead?”
He pushed open the door to the store cautiously, holding his breath.  At the counter, instead of piercing blue eyes, he found lovely hazel and bright red hair.  He swallowed rapidly, confused.  Was Castiel not working?  Didn’t he own the store?
“You could, though,” he blurted.  “I mean . . . I wouldn’t be angry.  I’d understand.”
Castiel clapped a hand over his mouth when he squeaked in surprise at Dean’s comment, eyes darting around the store.  He only reddened further when Dean let out a deep belly laugh at his reaction.  “Very funny,” he muttered, smiling faintly.  “You’re horrible, you know?”
Probably a shitty response but Dean didn’t want to give Castiel any kind of leeway in this.
came into my life at a time when I was lying to myself and confused as fuck.”  He dropped his hand, reaching out to take one of Castiel’s.  “That book made me realize that the time wasted on lies or appearances was just that.  It’s not worth it.”
but she refrained from pouncing for once.  Instead, she slipped off Dean’s desk and hopped to his side, leaning up to kiss him on the cheek.  “If it’s any consolation, Kevin thought your
Grinning, Dean nodded.  “Sure!  That voice of his should work well for the subject, don’t you think?”
Dean scrunched up his face.  That . . . what?  “Uh, you sure about that?  He seemed pretty damn confident to me.”
Castiel’s fingers were light and careful against his neck.  He chuckled, the sound a pleasant rumble in his chest.  "Come.  I’ve made breakfast.  And you can meet Sierra.”
He shook his head and headed out of his office after Charlie.  What a dumb idea.  Castiel was . . . gorgeous, smart, educated, and refined.  The last thing he’d want was Dean tagging around him the rest of his life.  No, he was a project.  Castiel was just a nice guy and doing Dean a favor.  There wasn’t anything else there.
are you allied with?” he hissed.
that Dean felt the same.  Even if he hadn’t yet used the words.  But Dean had also lost so much.  His barriers high and nigh impenetrable.
Castiel shrugged, digging through his own field kit for a small bottle of alcohol.  ”You broke into my room.  Bled on everything.  Then … fainted.”
But, like he gives a shit.  His baby brother's going to have a baby.  Well,
He turned away as soon as the cuffs were off, barely catching Dean’s hesitant, “Cas?”
that!”
?  Gabriel was easily his height.  What the hell?  “Uh, he’s that troublesome?”
Anyway, hope it was enjoyed!
In the bedroom, he found a pair of sleeping pants and a t-shirt.  He eyed both items in confusion.  Dean would have left all this behind?  Was that what he did?  Just abandon everything and try again?  He shook his head.  “Not this time,” he murmured, returning to Dean’s slumbering form and shoving him into the clean clothes.
Into Commuter Angel.
like he’d expected.
He hadn’t realized he’d been staring upwards for a while until he collided with something.  Or rather,
Castiel stared in confusion at the restaurant’s menu across from him.  Nose wrinkling he asked, “Pardon?”
So it continued.  For two weeks, regardless of how crucial his work might be, Castiel found himself camped out in the coffee shop, pointedly ignoring the fact that it would be cheaper to buy a new coffee maker than to keep buying to the coffee at the shop.  Didn’t exactly halt his efforts, though.
“I can’t,” he said finally.  “I just . . . I can’t,” he husked.  He cradled his glass, staring at his feet.  Call him weak, but he couldn’t.  He couldn’t look Dean in the eye and admit his mistake.  The imagined embarrassment alone sent his fingers trembling.
He looked like a Dean.  A rugged man.  A simple, yet genuine man.  Someone who was good with his hands.  Maybe he went fishing.  Maybe he worked on cars.  Maybe he was excellent in bed.
Dean grinned, relieved and pleased.  ”I think I can deal with that.”
”  He paused.  “
”  He frowned at Dean.  “You can’t like
" Dean remarked.
tell when I’m actually drunk.”  He reached out and yanked the keys from Castiel’s slack hand.  ”But damn; you made me wait for this one.”
Dean squirmed, trying to back away, grunting when he only bumped into the car behind him.  “Cas, don’t push me,” he warned.  Fear.  It surged through the air, thick and sour.  Had Dean been a fairy like Castiel, his wings would be sickly green and limp.
Never
A slight frown creased his forehead.  Lifting a hand to rub his neck, he looked away.  “My other . . . companions were never in my home,” he admitted.
“Tell me,” Castiel cooed, rubbing the back of Dean’s neck.  “What would you like to try, my pet?”
“You ready?” Dean rasped, licking his ear as he crouched over Castiel.  “You feel so damn
Dean opened his mouth as though to say something but groaned when Castiel squeezed his hot flesh.  Eyes rolling, he breathed out a harsh, “
.  Like he was sixteen all over again.
from Dean.  He considered letting her know he was a cop but figured that didn’t necessarily make things better.  The renter between them and Dean was a portly old man who snickered at Dean’s state of undress and yawned.
Castiel stopped in front of the restaurant, placing a hand on Dean’s forearm.  “What I like?  In terms of what?”  He didn’t sound angry, only curious.  With the odd tilt of his head, he reminded Dean of a bird.
And that wasn’t this fake James Bartlett.  Not Gabriel.  He had to be
He tried his usual spots but found all the windows and doors locked tight.  They burned hotter now.  As though Dean had strengthened the wards he’d already placed.  Annoyed, he hissed and tried again, flying up to the chimney, only to find it too was well-guarded.
(See the end of the chapter for
Heaving for breath, the man waved a hand in weak submission.  “D-dude, seriously.  It’s okay.  I’m fine.  You’re fine.”  He snickered.  “Well, we’re fine except we’re both soaked now.”  He patted Castiel’s shoulder in reassurance.  “I mean it; I’m fine.  Ain’t nothing worse than wearing a pair of too-tight briefs.”
This wasn’t a conversation he wanted to have with Sam.  He took a massive bite of his burger and mumbled, “We’re just friends; that’s all.”  He swallowed.  “He, uh, he’s . . . not into dudes,” he lied.
Still grinning, the man asked, “Did you kill Alistair?”
Snuggling deeper into his blanket, Castiel nodded morosely.  ”Yes,” he whispered.  ”It pains me to swallow and talk.”
Neither could he.  “Hurry,” Castiel gasped.
he had bad choice in hair styles – Dean had fast lost all interest in the films playing, his eyes locked on the wide grin on Castiel’s face, the tears in the blue eyes as he struggled to breathe.
me, Agent?”  Chewing his bottom lip, he added, “You had me in cuffs in England.  Bet you that’s why you had that . . .
’ behavior last night.  I, honestly, never thought he’d behave like that.”  Castiel leaned forward, his head in his hands.  “I don’t understand what came over him,” he breathed.
“W-wait.  You . . . you should have my cell instead,” Castiel interrupted.  He dug out a faded receipt and scribbled his number on the back.  “I’m not in the office that much these days,” he lied.  Dean’s fingers were warm and firm when they took the crumpled paper.
Ashamed but horny, Dean unzipped his pants with one hand and rummaged in his desk for the bottle of lube he kept there.  He’d always assumed one day he’d yank it at work but it had always been more of an immature dream on his part.  Not an actual
He should probably be ashamed of the begging whimpers.  The way his voice breathlessly repeated Castiel’s name, over and over.  But it felt too good.  His hand on his cock felt
of each other.”
to be angry over this.  Not like they were in love or anything.
His brother might be obnoxious but he was still his brother.  Smiling sadly, he shook his head.  “No, I’m fine.  It . . . it’s fine.”  Hard to explain how disappointed he was.  But then, why’d he ever think a man like Dean would be single?  He’d probably had a mate of some kind since puberty, given his looks.
He slapped himself in the face and started the shower.  ”I hate him.  I swear I hate him,” he muttered.  ”That wasn’t for you!” he snapped.  ”I … it’s …
“You’re disgusting,” he rasped, smiling faintly.
Grinning, his younger brother poured a cup of coffee and sipped at it.  ”Admit it.  You
“Goodnight, my pet.”  As Dean descended the stairs, Castiel called out, “And Dean, feel free to call me at any time tomorrow; my day is free.”
The sound technician held a small contraption in his hand as he watched their mic levels.  He offered Dean a shy smile before ducking his head down again.
Forgetting Castiel for a second, Dean rounded on Pam.  “Was that fucking necessary?” he barked.
He turned back to his book, reading on, losing track of time as the rain continued and the minutes ticked by.  The next time he glanced at his watch, he was dismayed to see it was nearly one in the morning.  And … he hadn’t seen his officer.
“Your . . . pants.  They’ll get dirty,” he pointed out, sitting down awkwardly.
Ten in the morning, right when Castiel’s shop opened, Dean was there, waiting in a tempered rage.  He’d thought hard on what had happened the night before.  And really, Castiel owed him the mother of all explanations.  Even if he wasn’t out to his dad, Dean didn’t need to be treated like a
To his dismay – and delight – he found a text message from Dean, inviting him to the bookstore to go over the actual setup for the signing on Monday.  No comment about his hasty escape.  Or the kiss.  Just a brief, though friendly, note.
Growling, Castiel leaned back and gripped Dean’s hips, driving in hard and fast.  The bed rocked beneath them and Dean howled with each thrust.  Castiel’s long hidden lust and his frustrations with this gorgeous man reached a head and he pounded into Dean, feeling the man’s body shake and unravel with each movement.
good-looking man who seemed
When he had prodded Castiel on it, the other man would only smile and walk away.  Which only left Dean wondering about the fairy-man’s sanity.  But, between the two of them, the cabin was tightly warded so neither had much to worry about on the fairy front.  He didn’t think.  And thankfully, other than one very brazen werewolf after Dean had first moved to Grovelock, no one had come hunting for Dean.
he’d run into Castiel more than maybe once a year.  Just enough frequency that, eventually, he’d forget the guy existed.  Find someone else to fixate on.
Castiel withdrew his fingers, noting with some chagrin how Dean’s eyes followed the movement.  “Then why tell me?” he asked quietly.  He’d never seen a man look so
“Well . . . yeah.”  Dean drew out the word, squinting a bit.  This was
It wouldn’t raise any eyebrows and Dean would, hopefully, ignore it if he happened to come by.
“Dean,” Castiel breathed.  “You
Chagrined, Dean nodded, swallowing.  He paced into his office and shut the door, staring at his computer and phone.  This was exactly where he needed to be and the one place he didn’t
that name right now.  Realizing he’d likely lost his last chance at cleaning up this mess, he stepped farther into the store, taking a longer look than he had that first day.  Shelves lined every available wall, filled with bright spines of books.  Warm and cozy as it was, Castiel couldn’t help but smile a bit.  He wished he’d found this place before this chaos had started.  In the far corner of the front of the store, sat a small table in front of two easy chairs.  A lovely place to while away the hours, for certain.
Dean rubbed his hands together, pressing them close to the heater vents.  ”So, Cas; do I still need to keep coming here drinking their shitty coffee or can we finally move on to Step Two?”
They ate quietly, Castiel wriggling close to Dean as he did, sighing happily when he managed to get Dean to shift his arm, looping it around his waist.  Dean found he liked the contact.  Like the heat of Castiel’s body under his arm, though it made eating awkward.  Even that, he kind of enjoyed.  Castiel didn’t seem to want much more than his touch at the moment.
Dean squinted at him.  “I can cut my own, you know.”
That must have been it, then.  The angel who’d healed Sam, hidden away inside him.  It was that which had caused their falling out.  Broke the Winchester brothers completely.  The entries barely referred to Sam going forward.  Just bits of information from Dean’s point of view as he moved around.
"Dean, I believe I may be dying."
“Pfft.”  Dean kissed him on the mouth again and mumbled, “I’ll be the judge of that.”
He could hear it.  Everything in those three words.  All that Dean had denied in the auto shop came through crystal clear in three tiny words.  Tears in his eyes, he carded his fingers through Dean’s hair, crooning and trilling as he attempted to soothe the man.  “I know, Dean.  I know.”  He took a deep breath, feeling it shake in his chest.  “But . . . why did you push me away?”  It was wrong to ask him now, he knew that, but Castiel
He was a passable cook and enjoyed making meals for his family.  So, taking his life savings, he invested in a food truck and started serving coffee, pastries, and sandwiches.
The man scowled at his drink.  “You stuck your face in that, didn’t you?”  He sighed and picked up the glass, peering at it.  “Twit.”
had fucked up.  Not Dean.
He frowned at the message.  He couldn’t even begin to imagine
Dean knew he could pull out of Castiel’s grip easily but he refrained, looking away, ashamed.  “Sorry.”
“Hmm?”  Castiel was staring at his wrist, where seconds before Dean had held him.  He blinked rapidly and asked, “What am I signing?”
”  There was a hum of noise in the background, almost hiding Kevin’s irritated swears.
Lunch forgotten, Dean stared at his brother.  There could be
”  Dean had to be out of sorts given he
charming
“My what?”  Dean looked behind him, laughing as he returned to Castiel.  “Oh, you mean Jess?”  He jerked a thumb over his shoulder and Castiel followed the gesture.  At a picnic table not far away sat the blonde woman and another man.  And two little girls.  Something about that sparked familiarity for Castiel.
“Knocking my face into your junk isn’t the best way to get someone’s attention.”  Once the words hit, Dean let go of Castiel’s chin and smacked himself in the face.  “Sorry.  Not that I’m pissed I hit your junk.  Er, I wasn’t trying to!  I never hit a stranger’s junk.”  Panic welled and he could feel his heart flying into overdrive, his mind following suit.  “Not like I’m interested in a random dude’s junk.  I mean, I
The frown deepened.  “Could you remove your shirt?”
Frowning, he reached down, drawing the backs of his fingers against Dean’s cheek.  “Dean?  Are you --?”
Ah, god.  It's so fluffy.  My teeth ache.
more than the sex?  He’d yet to get any sort of acknowledgment from fans in that arena.  Professional reviewers would comment as such but most readers just gushed about the smut that filled the pages.
Bright and early, jittery from coffee, Castiel dialed Gabriel’s office.  Before the man even had a chance to say hello, Castiel blurted, “
“Can I help you find anything?”
Even that mouthful had been enough to affect Castiel.  He buzzed and spun, feeling lighter than normal.  To his surprise, Dean began chuckling.
Oh, Balthazar, the detective inspector.  His eyes landed on the ruins of his mini-bar and he nodded.  ”Uh, yes.  Yes, I am.”
Dean blinked, clearly not registering the fact that Castiel was busy shoving his jeans down his legs.  “Uh . . . my house is right next door,” he mentioned.
Dean slumped in his seat, cover his face with this hands.  “Fucking Christ,” he muttered.  “Maybe this was a bad idea,” he said.
Dean chuckled.  “This again, huh?”  He leaned back in his chair, sighing.  “Look, I get urban legends and all that shit.  And yeah, sometimes there’s truth to it but this one?  It’s all nonsense.  There’s nothin’ out in those woods that can even
Castiel nodded.  “Of course.”  He snatched Dean’s wrist before the man could draw away, ignoring the burst of irritation in his hand as he did.  “You can tell me if something’s wrong; you know that, right?”  Truthfully, he wanted Dean to come clean with the scene from the night before.  He'd never seen a man so lost.
“By whose opinion?” he asked, sternly.
and you’d think I’d offered something
“Crap,” Castiel muttered.  He took a breath and pushed out of his car.  Might as well get it over with.  He’d meet the gross proprietor and give Gabriel some push-off excuse about why he wouldn’t do it.  Not like anyone would care.  Hell, he could be anyone at this point; other than a few online interviews, he never spoke to anyone and certainly had never been photographed as
Again the anger.  Dean snorted and went on.  ”Yeah, Sam.  ’course you know about Sam.”  He smirked.  ”You’re a bit obsessed with me, Cas,” he chided.
“Fucker!” Dean barked.  He squinted, rubbing his head as Castiel darted back into view.  Turning the scowl on Castiel, he sighed.  “You’re a pain in the ass.”  He seemed to give up, dropping his hand and rolling his eyes.  “Dude, I’m not interesting.  You stay here and you’re just going to spend hours watching me read and build shit.”  He flipped his hand.  “Go . . . pick flowers or something.  Or set fire to things.”
Sighing, Castiel squinted at Sydney.  “I doubt he’s a hunter.  You’re just nervous because he’s new and young.  Which is understandable.  But he isn’t a hunter.”
Sunday, however, threatened to dash what little relaxation remained.
was in his control.  He could take charge
He thought he heard Castiel mutter a swear before he asked, “May I touch you?”
of Castiel’s willpower not to answer Dean’s questions the next few days.  He read each and every note, listened to each plaintive voice mail.  But if he wanted to commit to this, he had to keep quiet.  Otherwise, he’d likely lose his nerve.
Heart thundering, Dean pressed his palms into his desk.  “See, this guy?  He’s pretty much my best friend.  Dorky as hell, though.”  Castiel tilted his head, frowning now in confusion.
“Dean.”
Castiel almost dropped his own fork at the sound.  He swallowed, biting his lower lip as Dean closed his eyes, licking the drops of apple sauce from his own lips.  That was . . .
on Dean’s jaw, even through the soft leather.  “Dean,” he murmured, “I would very much like to kiss you and cease this dance we seem to be performing year upon year.”  He watched Dean with hooded eyes.  “I find you distracting in the most
Crooning and purring, Castiel shook off one of Dean’s hands, touching the same cheek he’d struck before.  “I love you,” he whispered.  “And . . . you needn’t love me back.  I just . . . I want you to know what I know.”  That realization hurt, though.  That Dean might
”  His voice took on an edge though it remained light as ever.  “
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas to be
“What do you do for a living?” he asked.
And as the days grew shorter, it became harder to come up with reasons.  His driveway light wasn't exactly the brightest so the Imapala was a pretty poor excuse.  He sure as hell wasn't going to attempt any home improvement work when he could barely see.  So, like a creeper, he’d just plunk himself in the chair in front of his window and pretend to read, waiting for his Jogger Crush to pass by.  If he bothered to think on it, he'd have to admit it was pretty damn one-sided and ridiculous on his part.  It wasn’t like the guy waved or anything.  Though, Dean thought for sure he caught the man looking.  But really, other than stare like a pervert, Dean hadn’t done shit.
Smacking his lips at the nasty taste in his mouth, he grunted, “Where’s Dean?”  The last thing he really remembered was kissing the man and then slugging him in the jaw.  He smirked at that last bit.
Dean nodded, finally glancing at him.  “Yeah.  Alastair held me there for two days while he dug up my record.  Found out about Sam.  All my, uh, weaknesses.”  He coughed.  “Said if I didn’t start dealing with him, he’d start picking off people in my life.”
He tried to focus on the flashing images above him.  Tried not to look at Castiel.  His nerves were tight as a violin’s strings.  So much so that he jumped when Castiel chuckled.
More than three sheets to the wind; he's got the damn boat upside down at this point.  The kind of drunk he's not been since college.  When he and his buddies tried to outdo each other Wednesday through Sunday.  Given
Dean’s knees trembled and he reached up to embrace Castiel when another knock came.  He blinked, struggling to draw himself out of his haze.  Dammit, he could still taste Castiel on his lips.  Whoever the fuck had interrupted them had better be on fire.
do; don’t you, Dean?”
The ex-hunter frowned and nodded, slowly.  “Fine.  Whatever,” he muttered.  He still held Castiel’s hand, however, his fingers gentle and soft against his abraded skin.  Dean didn’t look in a hurry to leave, tracing one finger slow and careful along the dark splotches of Castiel’s palm.
it rejection but neither did he fully understand Castiel’s motivation.  Not exactly arrogant of him to know that Castiel wanted him.  The man had said as much.  But at this point, he had a hard time believing it.
He felt a rueful smile tug on his lips at Castiel’s familiar humming.  He’d miss that.  He’d miss that a lot, actually.  And the smiles.  The laughs.  The man himself.  He’d never met a man like Castiel.  Probably never would again.  So, naturally, he’d shit on the whole thing by being
want to leave, I’m not letting go of you.  Ever.”  He leaned in, kissing Castiel with soft, gentle lips.  “I told you before:  I don’t care how we got here.  I’m just glad we did.”  He stroked his thumb along the edge of Castiel’s jaw.  “I know that you lied.  I also know
He blinked, surprised.  But . . . what?  And then he found it, a scribbled page of drunken rambling.  How he
In the brief second following Charlie’s departure, Dean entertained the idea that Castiel actually saw something in him.  He knew Kevin since he always worked at Sam’s law firm.  The kid didn’t know how to lie.  But the idea that
Dean chuckled.  “Well, looking up at the sky isn’t the best way to watch where you’re going.”  He shifted the small bag of groceries in his arm, cocking his head slightly.  “Market day?”
And . . . dicks.
he chided.
He set the rest of his sandwich down and wiped his mouth.  “Sorry.  My schedule’s been a bit . . . odd,” he admitted.  He still carried that damn note from Bobby in his pocket, too.  Once or twice a day he’d pull it out and look at it, considering his options.  He could either track down Sam – stupidly easy to do – or search for this plot of land he had only a glance at.  Or he could do nothing.  Nothing worked.  That was even easier than finding Sam.
Dean and Sam looked out to the grand river leading into the dense forest with their arms around each other's shoulders. Inside Dean was trembling because for the first time since he and Cas last talked, he felt like himself again. As if on cue a small and familiar voice popped up behind them.
“We’re not done here,” said Dean, his words firmer than he expected. Suddenly time stood completely still, not slowing like before, but actually stopped. The empty stayed mid-ascension and Billy mid-step. Everything was frozen apart from Dean and Cas. Dean looked from side to side with his right eyebrow cocked.
“Leave it to you to make the first move,” said Cas.
“Oh, no you’re still dead. Just not in his heaven. He didn’t just write out the rest of your lives. He also wrote out your eternities.” Jack’s smile contradicted his words as per usual. Dean wouldn’t change him for the world, smiling in return. “Oh, and I made sure to bring along everyone who mattered too.” All the people Dean wanted to see populated in his mind and a shit-eating grin spread across his face.
“So, Jack, you did all this,” said Sam, motioning to the world around them.
“You don’t have to worry Dean. This isn’t Chuck’s heaven. It’s another world. It’s the only way I could get you out of Chuck’s story. He still wrote everything. Everything that happened to him. That vamp fight. The rebar,” said Jack.
“What Cas? What is it?” Cas stopped pacing and walked up to Dean who thought he was about to kiss him again. But he regrettably didn’t. Dean tried to recover from the misread signal, ready to listen.
Dean resumed his position on the floor and, as soon as he landed, time snapped back in place like a rubber band. In one swift movement Billy, Cas, and the Empty were gone. Dean was alone in the armory, his sobs echoing off the centuries-old walls. He needed to sell it. It was the only way to end this hamster wheel ride once and for all.
“No, I mean I really realized.” Dean closed his eyes and shook his head - dusting the cobwebs. Cas had that puzzled look he used to get all the time when Dean would talk with him, back when they first met.
“I can’t believe that worked,” said Dean exhaling with a light smile, “I reckon we got five more minutes before whatever this is wears off.”
“Why does this sound like a goodbye?” asked Dean, tears welling in his eyes. Cas’ face, still beaming with love, fell slightly at the realization that his attempt to summon the Empty would be successful.
“How did you know this would happen?”
“Exactly!” said Dean, unintentionally dropping Cas’ hand to gesticulate wildly only to put his hands into his pockets, “and all the things I wanted to say to you while you were telling me everything, but it’s like I couldn’t. Like I physically couldn’t do it. No matter how much I wanted to... Chuck wanted me to stay on the ground, I could feel more than gravity pressing, but I pushed through, because. Because…” Dean’s voice trailed off, his eyes searching Cas’. Until, finally he stepped forward, cradled Cas’ face with both hands, and pressed his lips against Cas’. Cas leaned into Dean, grabbing the back of his head. Twelve years of neither willing to fully admit what they wanted, in the early days, not even to themselves.
