“At least promise me that you’ll put an ice pack on your neck when you get home, there’s already a bruise.” She sounded like she wouldn’t take no for an answer. Wondering if his father would even allow that, and knowing the answer already, Castiel nodded. “Okay. Good. You may go.” She opened the door for him and he walked out, dripping all over the floor. She accompanied him through the hallways. He felt guilty, because as much as he was grateful to Jo for stopping Alistair, he just wanted to be alone. Well, not too guilty.
He prayed for 10 minutes, before he opened his eyes and stared at the grave again. His heart gave a pang when he thought about the flowers, and how the shade of blue was so close to Castiel’s eyes. He would never see those eyes again.
She almost skipped out of the library, and he felt his mood shifting downwards as he got more and more annoyed by her happiness. And suspicious. He was very suspicious.
“I told you, boy, Mrs. Novak is dead. Do you hear me? Should I say it louder?” He almost shouted the last part. Dean felt his temper rise like a tsunami, and humiliateingly, he felt his hands start shaking. No one would ever say that Mr. Novak was not imposing. “I have photos of the body if you want them, but whoever you think you have in the back of your car is not someone I know. You understand? I don’t have a son. Goodbye.”
Bobby picked up on the 3rd ring, asked him where the hell he’d been, listened silently to Dean’s recap of events, and then gruffly called him an idiot and a hero before hanging up on him. Jody let him talk to each of the girls in turn without making him ask (he would have asked, he would have done anything, but he felt warmth like good whiskey in his veins that he hadn’t had to). Charlie answered the phone laughing, spent the entire call laughing, and hung up laughing, Stevie’s laughter in the background alternately dissonant and harmonic, like untuned bells. His call to Donna went straight to voicemail, but down the hall he heard Sam chuckling, saying something about a diner just north of Clearlake on I-35 that was about halfway between Lebanon and Stillwater, and felt the feral panic that that seized him when he’d walked into the bunker and reality had crashed back in finally begin to abate.
Dean’s eyes were still closed, so he didn’t see Cas smile, but he felt it in the way skin and muscle move against his fingers, in the displaced air so close to his cheek, in the way it lit him up inside like a firework.
He wandered through the bunker, trying not to think about anything at all, ducking his head into various rooms, but didn’t find Sam in any of them. Eventually he made his way to the library, and was about to turn back around when it was clear it was empty, but his gaze fell on the table and he paused.
“See you tonight.” He’s aiming for casual, but it comes out like a promise.
Dean wasn’t sure how long he stood there in the silence and sunset with his brother. He also wasn’t sure how much time had passed for Sam, just like he wasn’t sure how long he’d spent driving over vaguely familiar roads, like and unlike places he might have seen in his dreams. Time, the way he remembered it from before, was already something that only registered as an intellectual concept, now - time, fear, pain, the endless need to struggle. What Dean had felt, driving through a perfect world, had not been loss or the passage of time; it had been benign absence, and the long, static sensation of waiting, like holding his breath. This place had been a Swiss watch, beautiful and perfectly balanced, but missing a gear; when Sam had arrived, Dean had felt it slot into place somewhere deep in his chest. The world began ticking, and he could breathe.
“Family’s important,” Dean agrees finally. “But when a man becomes the thing his kids fear  instead of the thing that keeps them safe, he ain’t family. He’s a monster. And kids shouldn’t have to be afraid of monsters anymore.” Cas looks at him like he’s said something entirely unexpected, like he hasn’t known Dean down to his molecular structure for more than a decade. Dean squirms under the scrutiny.
“Yes,” Cas agreed. He looked around at the scuffed walls, the ancient fridge, the industrial fixtures that had been half a decade out of date before they’d ever laid eyes on them. “And then I found myself here, in this place. And I knew, then, that I’d made the right choice. That I’d found my way home.”
people, to hunt
“That was too close.” Sam’s hands were sure and steady as he wrapped bandages around Dean’s chest, but his voice wavered. “Maybe it’s too soon for us to be out here again. Maybe we need more time.”
It hit him off center, sliding over his ribs like a line of hellfire, and Sam took out the bastard who pushed him into it about 10 seconds later, but it was a close enough call to rattle them both. Dean sat on the open trunk of the Impala afterward while Sam poured whiskey over the wound, and he watched blood and good booze pour into the dust at their feet like it was happening to someone else.
When Dean jammed the charger into his phone, he found himself staring at the loading screen with hope so keen it felt like a knife, terror so encompassing it was almost comforting, like an old blanket. The second his phone kicked on, it was flooded with so many messages he couldn’t follow them as they scrolled past his desperate eyes. He gave up trying to make sense of them immediately and just started calling people as their faces crowded up into his memory.
Dean stands in his empty kitchen, takes a breath, and decides.
He’d thought about his father. And then he’d put it away.
“What we need, Sammy, is some tunes.” He pulled the battered box of cassettes up onto the bench seat between them. “What’s the soundtrack for the beginning of the world?”
Sam was silent beside him, and for a while they sat there, staring through the windshield at a world that had been empty of everyone but them less than an hour ago. The enormity of what had been lost and what had been restored registered only in a distant, intellectual way. When Dean turned to look at him, Sam’s expression was placid, full of that same buoyant blankness that crowded against Dean’s ribs, and he was struck all at once by how many lines were carved into his little brother’s face, by the way sunlight caught in the silver beginning to thread through his hair. Sam was almost 40. Sam was going to grow old.
“Jack said he doesn’t want to put himself into the story, that we don’t have to pray to him anymore. And I respect that, I do. But also, I’m done asking for things. Every time we’ve lost you, I’ve gone begging to other people to get you back for me. This time, I’m going to get you back myself. I’m going to tear the Empty part with my bare hands if I have to, to get to you.” The words finally ran out, and Dean felt cored, hollowed out, but clean, and new. “So anyway. I’ll see you soon, Cas. Just hang on until I get there.”
human, dumbass.” Dean rolls his eyes. “Barbaric’s what you’ve got.”
More time passed, or didn’t, and Dean let Baby carry him over rolling hills bathed gold in the sun, trusting her to know the way. When he got where he had always been going, he felt no surprise, only a sense of cool relief. The first breath after being underwater too long.
The world they’d saved (really saved, saved forever, this time) rolled under the Impala’s tires, and they didn’t speak again the entire drive back to the bunker. Dean’s head still felt like it was full of a bright, nameless thing with wings, with no room at all for anything else.
Dean felt a sensation in his chest like cresting a hill at 85 miles an hour, like everything inside him was suddenly light in a way that made him realize how heavy it had been before without him even noticing the weight.
“Driver picks the music,” he reminded Dean amiably, settling back against the seat with his elbow out the window.
“We have never been
“I love you,” Cas breathed back. Dean closed his eyes against the intensity of the blinding-hot feeling in his chest, and felt his tingling mouth stretch into a grin.
“Same as always,” Sam says, sounding pleased about it. “I’m presenting to the board next month, trying to get them to cough up the funding to upgrade the computer lab.”
about it.” Sam looks properly chastised, and Dean grins at him.
“No vacation days in this line of work, Sammy,” Dean reminded him wearily. “The things that go bump in the night ain’t gonna wait for us to get back on our feet.”
The kitchen is flooded with morning light from the paneled-glass doors that lead out to the deck, and it is empty of people but full of plants; herbs crowd the sill above the sink in old tea canisters and repurposed coffee tins, and vines crawl along the walls where they spill out of an enormous pot hanging in the far corner. The coffee pot is half-full and there’s a cup left in the sink with a few grounds swimming in dregs at the bottom. Dean’s favorite mug (faded black letters reading Female Body Inspector wrapping around the sides, a chip in the handle from the time he was cleaning weapons at the bunker’s kitchen table and Jack had accidentally knocked it into the edge of an angel blade) sits on the counter like an invitation. Miracle’s food bowl is empty, and he stands above it looking at Dean with imploring eyes.
“The time of the angels is over,” Dean mused slowly. Cas’ eyes darted away, and Dean sat up straighter in his chair. He waited a beat, and took a steadying breath. “What are you doing here, Cas?”
“The ‘bad guys,’” Jack explained, like a friggin’ alien, the quotation marks clear in his voice. “It was an oversight, to leave them on Earth when I left. Chuck’s power . . . it was overwhelming at first. I wasn’t thinking as clearly as I can now.”
It was so easy, in the end, to choose.
“I have taken all the non-human entities from this world. They should never have been here in the first place. They made this realm out of balance, and I have restored order.” Jack must have misinterpreted the look on their faces, because he quickly reassured them. “They are at peace. Purgatory is gone, and the Empty is a place of rest for those who once would have gone there.”
,” Sam corrects, and the beer tastes like ashes in Dean’s mouth. Sam turns to study him for a minute. “Please tell me this isn’t some 7th inning sexuality crisis, because I know we’re out of training, but I’m bigger than you and I can still kick your ass.”
“Mushrooms and salad?” Dean suggests. Cas smiles at him, and Dean flees upstairs, like he can outrun the feeling that blooms in his chest like a flower in the sun.
“You won’t have to,” Jack replied easily. “They’re gone.”
“If I die on a fuckin’ vamp hunt, I’ll let you,” Dean promised.
“Not my help, per se. Jack will never need anyone’s help, ever again. My counsel, might be more accurate. I think . . .” Cas’ face looked both fond and somehow humbled. “I think he missed me.”
“You ain’t all Tuesday’s child anymore, Cas, you can’t zap torn ligaments away these days. Get it looked at.”
“I was coming for you, Cas.” He felt like it needed to be said. “I chose you, too. And I was going to fight for it.”
“It was good,” Sam replied around a sigh. “Sometimes it was hard, and sometimes it was boring, but mostly it was so good, Dean. A good, real life.”
“You’re hurt,” Jack said softly instead of answering the question.
Some time passed. They started spending less time in the library mulling over weird news articles, and when Dean made phone calls, it was usually just to check in with Jody on how the girls were doing or to let Bobby grunt monosyllables at him down the line. One evening, and Dean wasn’t even sure which one, Sam shut his laptop on the email account they used to field their Google alerts for “exsanguinated” and “unexplained death,” and as far as he knew, never opened it again.
Dean took a deep breath, forced the suffocating swell of sorrow back down, and went to find his brother.
. Not a vacation, or a pause, or a long breath taken before the next apocalypse comes down on their heads; just a normal life, stretching out in front of them like a curving road, paved smooth enough to be easy on Baby’s wheels. He had known it, of course, but he thinks it might be the first time he’s
“And about the rest of it.” This part felt harder, more painful, but it was the kind of pain he knew from when he poured alcohol over a knife wound, or Sam slammed his shoulder back into its socket. Something cleansing, a pain that meant the pain was almost over. “What you said. People who . . . people who care about me. They don’t make it. Caring about me is a one way ticket to being collateral damage, but me caring about other people . . . that’s when the shit really hits the fan. Because I don’t get to keep what I want. Sam’s the only thing, the only person, I’ve ever been able to keep, and we almost let the rest of the existence go up in smoke to keep each other. I need him with me, need him to be whole and healthy. But I want you with me, Cas. I think it might be the first thing I’ve ever really wanted in my whole life.”
Sam went utterly still where he stood beside the table, and Dean felt the hairs on his arms stand up, like the moment before a lightning strike.
He and Baby drove aimlessly for an hour or two, taking in the world. Eventually, he realized where he was going, and wasn’t even that surprised. He should have known, really, that there was nowhere else this particular chapter of his story could have started.
“Human medicine is barbaric.” Cas’ voice drips with disdain.
“I lived here,” Sam explained, although Dean had already known. He would have known this was where his brother’s life had been even without the strange omniscience of this place; it felt like home. “We bought it in the summer of ‘22, when we found out about the baby. We never meant it to be forever, but we put down roots, and then we stayed. ‘Til . .  ‘til the end.”
“I would have chosen you, then,” Dean whispered into the space between them. “I’m choosing you now.”
Cas’ expression wasn’t exactly sorrow, but there was something beautifully melancholy about it, regardless. He’d never looked exactly like that before. Dean tried to memorize it, so he could tuck the image of it away beneath his ribs, where it would be safe.
Eventually, Dean patted his brother on the back, glanced up into Sammy’s familiar face, and headed back to the car. Sam followed him as he’d always followed him, without words and utterly in sync, like the tide to the moon. When Baby’s engine turned over and began to purr beneath them, Dean felt a smile tug at his lips. He smiled so much, here.
They drove back to the bunker in silence, and when they walked into the library, Jack was there.
, Sam,” Dean growls, but it doesn’t sound convincing even to his own ears. Sam laughs, and it is such an uncomplicated sound, none of the weariness or bitterness that used to tinge every laugh Dean used to manage to eek out of him.
“Don’t forget,” Cas says absently as Dean turns back to face him, “Sam and Eileen will be late tonight. She has parent-teacher conferences this afternoon.”
The second-floor bathroom is cramped and decorated in baby-blue floral patterns that make Dean’s lip curl up in a sneer at the best of times, but certainly at 6:40 in the morning. It’s on his Endless List of Things That Need Fixing in This Fucking House to replace the ancient fixtures, plumb in a new tub that doesn’t have clawed, gold-leaf feet, and tear out the tile that’s older than he is to replace it with something that doesn’t make his eyes water, but the nature of the Endless List means he still hasn’t gotten around to it and probably won’t until the winter, when the weather gets too bad to work on the roof or the gutters or the rotten boards of the deck that he and Sam are supposed to rip up next weekend.
“Now c’mon, it’s Friday night and I’ve got chili on the stove. You don’t want to miss out on my cooking. I’m like, awesome at it.”
“What does that mean, Jack?” Sam’s voice sounded a little shrill in Dean’s ears, and far away, like it was coming down 20 miles of bad phone line.
“Hey Sammy. What the hell are you drowning that lettuce for? You know the only thing Cas uses to keep the bugs away is threats of violence and that one really bitchy face he makes.” He looks over to see Cas shoot an unamused glance over his shoulder at him. “That’s the one.”
, after everyone in the universe had tried to take that from you.
Dean wanders over to the grill to lay the charcoal so he can let it heat up while he showers off the day, and as he clears the corner of the house, he spots Cas out in the yard, bent over a bed of runner beans that have been giving him some trouble despite his fanatical commitment to making sure they thrive. Dean would raise a hand in greeting if Cas were paying the slightest bit of attention, but he is so clearly devoted to his task that Dean doesn’t bother. While he goes through the motions of lighting the grill, he occasionally watches Cas out of the corner of his eye where he is murmuring to plants that have no idea he once led armies in Heaven and held a hundred million souls in his fragile, human chest and laid siege to hell itself to save a single, tarnished man.  Sometimes Dean feels small in the face of Cas’ unwavering devotion to the things he cares about, whether it’s the world or Jack or the garden he’s carefully coaxing into being along the treeline in the backyard. Dean mentally adds building some raised beds next spring to the Endless List.
Cas sniffs dismissively, and Dean feels a rush of fondness for him so overwhelming it would take him out at the knees if he hadn’t had a decade or so of practice at keeping his feet when it hits him. Dean ambles over to the little table under the phone and fishes his keys out of the bowl where they drop their wallets and miscellaneous crap when they get home.
Dean had no idea what to say. He stared down into his glass of whiskey, thought about taking a drink, and found he didn’t want to. He’d never felt less like dulling his senses or forgetting.
He walked up to the rickety table he’d been sitting on right before the first time Cas had stared at him with that unblinking gaze he could feel like a physical touch on his skin. Carefully, he put one hand down on it, felt the dust and grit beneath his fingertips. Eventually, he looked up at the burnt out light fixtures, never replaced in the decade and change it had been since Cas’ fledgling understanding of his vessel had busted them up.
Sam smiles, and he looks ten years younger, glowing under his big brother’s praise. A few minutes pass in companionable silence, and then Sam slants a sideways glance at him. Dean feels his spidey-sense tingle, the way it used to right before one of them did something incredibly stupid and sent all their well-laid plans right out the window.
“For you, Cas.” It didn’t feel as monumental as Dean thought it probably should have, to finally say it out loud. It felt simple. “You did your waiting, so I figure it was only fair that I did some, too.” Cas made a helpless sort of noise in the back of his throat.
Dean has a moment of weird, ringing clarity, like his head is a bell that has just been struck.
“I know.” The warmth in Cas’ tone feels like fingers on his cheek.
“Sam. Dean. It’s good to see you.”
“So when you said what you said, that last day . . . I didn’t know how to be someone who could take it. But I’m working on it, ok? By time I get you back, I hope I’ll be . . . I hope I’ll be able to say it back. Like I should have said it then.” He choked on something, realized in a detached way that it was a sob, didn't care. “Because I do, Cas. I do, ok? I choose to.”
“As if a little rare meat could put a dent in a Winchester,” Eileen grouses, but runs a hand over her belly protectively.
Three sets of initials seemed to nearly glow in the amber light of the lamp, like the sigils they both were and weren’t. Dean thought about how, sitting on his bed, sitting on that stone floor, and trying to climb out from under the impossible weight of his grief, his first thought had been about getting back to his family. He pulled the pocket knife out of his jeans and let himself remember the last time it had been used, the last hand to hold it, while he worked in the quiet light.
The driving he’d done while he waited for Sam had felt gloriously aimless, just him, Baby, and the road, and no place to be. Now that he’d seen his brother, now that the final gear was in place and the clockwork of this existence was ticking away, that floating, unhurried feeling had given way to something else, something that felt concrete and oddly specific. There was a destination now, a place where the roads were all leading.
Grief welled up like a wave of black venom in Dean’s chest, threatening to drown him. Billions of people dusted by Chuck, billions of people restored by Jack, but one who had gone of his own accord, one final act of rebellion. The world was miraculously full again, but Dean was suddenly on a different planet, as empty and barren as the Earth he had wandered with Sam and Jack during the in-between time.
“Think they’ll take the kids?” Dean asks. His mind tries to land on a memory of being curled up in bed at Sonny’s, lonely and scared and terribly, horribly relieved, and then skitters away. Cas hums an indeterminate noise.
Eventually, his legs moved of their own accord, like obeying gravity, and he slid into a familiar chair, poured a few fingers into his own glass, and waited for him to look up.
“‘And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself; that where I am, there you may be also,’” he murmured, like a prayer. Dean could tell it was a quote but couldn’t place it, and then decided it didn’t matter. Cas’ voice around the words sounded  like the rumble of the Impala’s engine, and Dean never wanted to go another day without hearing it ever again.
, Dean.” And Cas isn’t smiling, but his eyes are. Miracle sits at his feet and gives a yip that sounds like agreement.
“You’ll get it,” Dean declares with confidence. He shuts the lid of the grill to let it do itss own thing for a few minutes, and settles down beside Sam on the steps with his own beer sweating into his hand. “You’re the most stubborn son-of-a-bitch I ever met, Sammy, and you never lost an argument even before all that schoolin’ you got under your belt. The board will be begging to give you the whole damn building before you’re through with ‘em.”
When their plates are clean and everyone is drowsy and well-fed, Dean dumps the dishes in the sink to be dealt with later and they decamp to the living room. Eileen nurses a cup of tea while the rest of them linger over their beers, and Dean listens to the sounds of their voices mingling and watches Cas out of his peripheral vision.
“My understanding is that local sentiment leans to keeping families together unless they find objective evidence of abuse. I imagine it will depend on if they can get the children to talk.”
“Everyone’s a critic,” Dean sighs, He tosses the towel over the edge of the sink and ignores Cas’ frown, knows Cas will carefully return it to its hook as soon as Dean isn’t looking because Cas has gotten weirdly anal about the strangest things since he went native. “What are you up to today?”
“I’ll see you soon,” Sam promised next to his ear.
He was sitting at the table bathed in amber light, looking disheveled and careworn. He had a book open in front of him that he was studying with his head tilted in that slightly inhuman way of his, like a bird, and his hand was wrapped around a cut crystal tumbler with a few fingers of Dean’s favorite whiskey in it. The bottle and an empty glass were sitting across from him, like an invitation. For just a moment, Dean stood in the doorway, paralyzed with the enormity of walking over and sitting down across from him, like he might have done every single day, if things had been different.
“Jack’s gone, Dean,” Cas told him hesitantly. ”Once he set things right here, he moved on. Heaven is no longer a seat of power for a Creator; Chuck is powerless, and Jack is . . . something else entirely. It is not a headquarters for angelic forces, either. The time of the angels is over; Michael was the last of my brothers, and he is resting in the Empty with all the others. Heaven is just a place of peace now. A final home for human souls, when they lay down their burdens at last.”
Eventually, Dean pulled back just enough for their lips to part, and couldn’t go any further even if he’d wanted to (he didn’t), because Cas’ hand was knotted in his jacket like a lifeline.
“Yeah, ok, Dean,” Sam replies eventually. His beer is empty now, and he stands up, brushing off his jeans as he goes and then setting one giangator hand down on Dean’s shoulder with infinite gentleness. “Just because something’s good doesn’t mean it can’t be better. Think about it, all right?”
“Imma hit the shower before I start on the steaks,” Dean says as they cross into the kitchen. Cas goes to the sink to wash the garden soil from his hands and nods in acknowledgement.
rather than a book of Enochian lore, but there’s still a .38 in the nightstand drawer. Some habits die harder than others.
“They don’t feel so much like strings, when you choose them,” Dean murmured. He discovered that his hands had tangled into the rough, dark strands of Cas’ hair without his permission, but he decided to lean into it. He pulled back and pressed their foreheads together, consciously, on purpose. Because he wanted to.
“I didn’t forget,” Dean promises, even though he had forgotten entirely. He quietly recalibrates what time he needs to put the steaks on the grill, when he should start worrying if Cas hasn’t left a basket of mushrooms on the counter for him to saute. “Should be home by 4:30, the garage is never busy on Friday afternoons.”
He pressed it anyway. He had pressed it dozens of times in the days between Chuck’s snap and the moment the phone got shoved into a drawer to die with the rest of the world, and every time it had done what it did now, what it was always going to do: ring, endlessly, with no one on the other end to pick it up.
“Anything I can do?” Cas calls after him as he mounts the stairs. Dean pauses and looks back into the kitchen at Cas’ lean silhouette backlit by the open doors. There is something peaceful and enormously terrifying about the sight of him in the house they share, with dirt on the knees of his jeans and the lines of tension soothed from his face after talking about his day while they shared a beer. Dean is aware of a pressure building up at the base of his skull. Something is shifting, he thinks. Something is going to give.
“Tonight,” Cas agrees, and Dean heads to the car with the echo of it in his ears.
“Because I was ready to rest, to lay down my arms.”
“Hello, Dean.”
“Your life is
there, and Sam had stood bloody and beaten before God less than a month ago with a smile.
“So look. Here’s deal, ok? I still don’t think I’m the man you were talking about that day. I still don’t think I deserved to be saved, not by you, not if it meant you going to the Empty. But, I want to be. I want to try to be what you said I was. I’m trying, Cas.” He was only vaguely aware of sliding to the floor, his back against the table now, like a puppet with its strings cut.
“Now what the fuck is that supposed to mean?” Dean demands when he’s no longer afraid he’ll choke on it. Sam shrugs like he hasn’t said anything remarkable, because Sam is a little shit.
“I had hoped . . .” Cas began quietly. “I wanted you to have more time than you got, Dean. I wanted you to live a long life, making your own choices. I wanted you to be free.”
“You are
“Yeah,” he tells the pie in his hands. “Yeah, ok.”
“Who’s gone?” Sam asked carefully.
“Nothing,” Cas replies grimly as he lifts the bottle back to his lips. “But the director called CPS anyway. I guess we’ll see.”
Jack had restored everything Chuck had taken. He’d told them so, and Dean believed Jack, believed in him, with the kind of faith he’d never had before in his life. Dean thought of all the beloved faces that had flashed into his mind’s eye, and how he had known, in his marrow, that they would be there to pick up when he’d called them. He knew with the same bone-deep certainty that the one voice he wanted to hear the most, the one he had saved for last, was not going to rumble into his ear if he pressed “call.”
Worse than trying to figure out how to exist around Cas after knowing he’d thrown himself down on the sword of how he felt about Dean and managed to beat Death at her own game, though, was trying to figure out what the fuck any of them were supposed to do now. For a couple weeks after Jack’s last miracle before the credits rolled, they scoured the web and called up every person they’d ever met who knew what to look out for, but it was really just due diligence. Dean had known the second Jack had sent them that pleased, gentle smile that the war they’d been fighting their whole lives was over, for real this time.
He went to the kitchen, because of course that was where he would be. He couldn’t have been anywhere else.
“Besides,” Dean continued with bravado that felt only a little false, “I’d made up my mind to keep moving forward, to make sure I didn’t fuck up the chance you gave me, but even though I didn’t do it that long, I could already tell . . . It didn’t feel so much like livin’. It felt like waiting.”
“Mornin,’ Cas.”
“Well, we’re just glad to see you, kid,” Dean assured him. “You almost missed us, though. We gotta get you a beeper or somethin,’ in case we’re out on a hunt when you get the urge to come by and do your laundry or whatever.”
“What? That so surprising?”
. But the universe has never been able to keep us apart before. We broke every rule it ever put in front of us, to stay together. So it wasn’t about what I knew, or what we deserved - it was about the truth. And the truth is that, this . . .  it was the only real thing, the only thing that Chuck didn’t make himself. Maybe it was always too big for the life we were living, maybe it never could have been ours to keep, there, but if Chuck couldn’t break it, neither could the Empty. Neither could anyone, not even me. No matter how many times I fucked it up, it never broke.” Dean felt a little like he was breaking, now, like the glaciers he’d once seen on one of Sam’s stupid David Attenborough documentaries, a rime of ice inside him cracking and returning to the ocean. Cas’ hand on his pressed down, like he was holding him there. Holding him together. Dean cleared his throat.
“Hey, gorgeous,” Dean said easily once she was looking at his face. “You waitin’ for an engraved invitation or something?”
“You’ll be sick of this mug before you know it, little brother,” Dean said easily. It was a promise too, even if it didn’t sound like one.
“Eileen.” The name was little more than a breath. Dean looked over at him and saw a lifetime’s worth of love etched into the expression on Sam’s face, too much feeling and experience to belong to a face so young. “Cancer. Last winter. It was the hardest thing I ever did, being without her.”
,” Dean snaps. “And my life is fine.”
“Jerk,” Sam murmured beside him, and even though his eyes were on the road, Dean knew he was smiling.
“Jack’s decision to undo Chuck’s wrongs didn’t end on Earth,” Cas explained, studying Dean like he was still unsure he was really there. “He came to the Empty, next, to cleanse it of the malevolence it was never supposed to have. He made it a place of peace, where the angels could rest together, where the demons could find an end to their torment. And when he found me there, he raised me up, and asked me to come with him to Heaven. He wanted my help, to make it what it should have been.”
Dean got out of the car and leaned against it for a while, staring up at the straggling grass that sloped above the door of the bunker. He could hear animals skittering in the woods and the distant cry of a hawk, and for a while he sat listening to them, letting the sounds of this place soak into his skin. The door in front of him looked like a choice, one final chance to decide what came next. He pushed it open.
Dean mulls it over in his head for a bit while Cas takes another pull off the bottle, leaning back against the railing beside him.
Jack’s reverse-Thanos-snap had set her down right where she’d been when she got dusted, and she and Sam had gone back to their long-distance, text-based pining. It had gotten so ridiculous that Dean had actually tried to
“Nothing,” he protests mildly. “It’s a thing people ask. You know, steaks on the grill, beer on the deck, talking about work, asking about your brother’s love life. Normal shit.”
Dean’s first stop is the kitchen to snag a beer from the fridge. Even though he’s back earlier than he’d told Cas he would be, he finds mushrooms already sliced on a plate by the stove, and enough veggies laid out on the counter to keep Sam from spewing his moral superiority about Dean’s awesome cooking all over the place and ruining everyone’s appetite. Cas himself is nowhere to be found, but the doors to the back yard stand open to let in the air, and Miracle is napping in a patch of sun on the deck. He raises his head when Dean walks over and looks vaguely hopeful, like he will have forgotten about this morning’s attempt at swindling Second Breakfast out of him, but Dean just leans down to buss his knuckles against the side of Miracle’s face, unwilling to be swayed.
“Yeah,” Dean croaks around the sudden constriction in his throat. “Who wants pie?”
it, sitting in his own backyard, sharing a beer with his brother.
“Yeah, Cas,” he agreed genially. “Ain’t that what I just said?”
Thank you for coming on this journey with me, y'all! I've been invested in Dean and Cas' relationship for 12 years, and wanted them to have a happier ending than the one they got. They deserved to have the domestic, fluffy endgame I hope I provided them with this fic.
“What happened to parent-teacher conferences?” he asks once he’s in Eileen’s line of sight. She grins up at him, and the slim band on her left ring finger glints in the afternoon light as she raises her hands to answer.
“I . . .” Dean clears his throat and takes a long pull from his beer to wet his suddenly dry tongue. “Fine, whatever, dude. We’re the goddamn Cleavers, yay for us.” Sam’s grin looks entirely too smug. “But that ‘emergency contact’ crap. What exactly were you trying to say?”
After a few long moments, Cas says, “I don’t understand why you’re so upset about this.”
Lights flash at the edges of Dean’s vision, everything going dark as the pressure on his throat increases.
“Why have we been having these conversations?” he asks. “Why have we been doing...all this? What are we doing here, Dean?”
“A what now?” Dean asks.
Cas busies himself with sipping at his drink as Dean cleans the wounds on his neck. He looks away from Dean, watches instead as Sam gathers his clothes into a pile in the corner, as he prepares another washcloth and hands it to Dean in exchange for the now blood- and dirt-stained one. Sam tosses the ruined washcloth onto the pile as Dean rubs at the raw skin around Cas’ wrists and ankles.
Cas swallows. “I don’t want to forget.”
“Then it’s not too late.”
go. I don’t have insurance and I can’t afford to go, all right?” He yanks his hand away from Cas and presses it back against his leg, immediately regretting the sudden movement. He has to stop and just breathe, head spinning as he rests it back against Cas’ arm, hand throbbing with every heartbeat.
“Yeah?” Dean asks. “You making friends?”
Mary sighs fondly, if a bit melodramatically. “Unfortunately.”
Dean heads to the bathroom, takes a piss and brushes his teeth as fast as he can. By the time he finishes, Cas is still moving around in the kitchen, rinsing off their plates, putting them in the dishwasher.
s in agreement. He takes another bite of his sandwich.
“Woah, hey,” Dean says, catching Cas under one arm as Sam holds him up on the other side.
“Everyone,” Charlie interrupts. “Roll a dexterity saving throw. That’ll be a d20 each to avoid what’s coming.”
“So were you,” Sam says. When Dean merely shrugs, Sam adds, “You shouldn’t have had to deal with all that alone. It wasn’t fair to you.”
“I know,” Dean says, walking Cas backwards over the threshold, kicking the door shut behind them. He finally pulls Cas’ tie free, tosses it to the floor. Could slide Cas’ coat and suit jacket off all at once, but does them separately instead, draws it out as he sucks at Cas’ bottom lip. “I don’t want the shortcut.”
Cas looks up, considers him for a long moment, then looks away again. He says, “Just under eight hundred dollars.”
He cradles it in his hands, takes a sip. “Thank you,” he says, down into the mug.
Dean shrugs.
“I’m not angry, Cas,” Dean says. He looks at the floor, scrubs his hand across the back of his neck. “I’m just…scared, I guess. I don’t know what I’m gonna do when I get the bill.”
Dean laughs, sharp and humorless. “Yeah, about that,” he says. “Let me fill you in: We found him with his teeth in you. You didn’t have days, Cas, you didn’t even have hours. You would have been dead in minutes. We had to--” he takes a deep breath, scrubs a hand over his face-- “we had to fucking pull him off you, Cas. And then you wouldn’t wake up, and I thought-- Christ, I dunno.”
“You’ve done more than enough for me, Dean,” Castiel says. He pauses, tilts his head thoughtfully. “Though...if you wanted to make cheeseburgers for dinner…”
He closes the conversation and feels his smile falter. He pockets his phone, waves to Sam and Eileen as he heads out of the kitchen.
“Are you all right?”
He gets up from his desk, grabbing a blank notepad from a drawer before heading farther down the hallway, pulling open the door to one of the larger rooms they haven’t bothered to clear out yet.
Cas meets Dean’s eyes, expression shifting into a smile as he nods.
“What do you remember about it?” Dean asks carefully. “After you woke up?”
As they sit eating their lunch, Dean catches Cas smiling. He nudges Cas’ foot under the table and says, “See? Told you this was a good idea.”
He raises one shoulder in a lazy shrug. “Yeah, ‘cause it’s totally your fault, right?”
Mouth dry, Dean says, “Or?”
“I was wondering when you’d call.”
“However,” Castiel says, “I do question its accuracy. I’m fairly certain this isn’t how your legal system works.”
“What was that for?” he asks, warmth spreading across his cheek and up to the tips of his ears.
“Yeah.” He runs a finger along the table top, back and forth.
Dean throws his hand up, lets it fall back onto the bed. “Nothing, man, just.” He sighs again. “I just wanna know what’s going on with you.”
Dean laughs, says, “Fair enough.” He leans back against the bench, watches people coming and going. “So. What’re you gonna do now?”
. He picks up
“I asked Jack to bring you back and he did.”
“I know that shirt,” Dean says, stepping towards Cas to take a closer look. “Hell, I wish I could forget that shirt.” At Cas’ smug look, Dean rolls his eyes. “When did you get that monstrosity?”
Together, Dean and Sam help him sit up. They sling his arms around their shoulders and carry him to the car, lay him down in the back seat.
“Nah, it’s cool,” Dean says.
Dean swallows a few more times, clears his throat. “Listen, they didn’t-- they didn’t pay you in cash, did they, because that’s-- that’s--”
“If you’re busy--”
If that’s not worth celebrating, Dean doesn’t know what is.
“Or maybe omelettes. We haven’t had omelettes in a while. Wait, no, not enough eggs for omelettes. Maybe french toast?”
Dean nods. “Yeah. I mean, it’s not just the kind of thing you ask people about, you know?”
“You are,” Dean says, he’s sure of it. He ticks the evidence off on his fingers. “You actually got out of bed before me this morning. You haven’t had a single cup of coffee. You’re honestly kind of starting to drive me nuts with the way you keep bouncing your leg under the table. And you’ve been giving me these looks all day, like...I dunno. Like you’re waiting for me to say or do something and I don’t know what it is.”
Dean sighs, runs his hand through his hair. “It always is with you, Cas.”
Cas says, more kindly than he deserves, “Rough day at work?”
“Dean,” Cas says, closing his eyes, leaning with his elbows on the table, his head in his hands. “Can we please just-- I know you’re upset, and it’s just making it harder to-- to--”
“You ever think,” Dean says, resting his hand against Cas’ chest, “that nothing we do”—his breath stutters at the slide of Cas’ lube-slick hand along his dick—“that nothing we’ve ever done has really mattered?”
Cas sighs, but he lets Dean pull him from the car, lets Dean sling his arm around his shoulder and drag him into the motel room while Sam digs around in the trunk.
When they finally do manage to find it, the fight is more difficult than Dean expected. When they had fought the pontianak, Cas had smote her nearly as soon as she had appeared. With the chupacabra, it comes out of nowhere, lunges at Cas and knocks him to the ground, trying to snap at his face while he fends it off with one arm. Dean runs towards him, meaning to bury his knife in the chupacabra’s side, but by the time he gets there, Cas has managed to get a hand on it, killing it in a flash of light before pushing its limp body off himself.
Dean’s thoughts grind to a sudden halt, stalling completely before they lurch back into movement and kick into overdrive. He immediately gets the sense that he’s forgotten something major—if he can just figure out what it is, maybe he can salvage this. Heart racing, he runs through his memories, pulls up what little knowledge of important dates he’s retained over the years. What holidays are even around this time? Isn’t Memorial Day in September? Or is that Labor Day? For some reason, he always gets the two confused. But why would either of those even matter to Cas? There’s something he’s missing, he just can’t figure out what, and he can tell by the look on Cas’ face, the slight frown, the gentle disappointment, that it’s something that really matters, that he shouldn’t play it off as a joke.
Castiel sits across from him at the table. “For the rent,” he says.
“I don’t just want to be a way for you to pass the time.”
“I, uh,” Dean says. He clears his throat. “I was wondering if you think I should base my character off myself? I mean, I guess I already kinda did that when we started.” He pauses, waiting for Cas to weigh in, but he simply returns to sitting with his chin on his fist, staring at Dean blearily. After a few beats of silence, Dean continues, “But I also don’t think Charlie’d complain if I decided to try and play a totally different character, you know? It might be more of a challenge that way, but I’m not sure if that’d make it more fun or just more frus--”
Ghosts and ghouls and vamps don’t give a fuck what day of the year it is, so Dean doesn’t get to care about it, either. There’s a job that needs doing, so he does it.
Dean leans down to give Cas one last kiss before heading to the bathroom to get ready for bed. “All yours,” he says once he’s finished. He waves lazily as he says, “G’night, Cas.”
“Amen to that,” Dean agrees fervently, bussing his knuckles against Eileen’s cheek affectionately as he walks further into the room. He clasps a hand to Sam’s shoulder as he passes behind him to get to the fridge.
Miracle barks from the floor beside Eileen, wagging his tail ecstatically.
And then, from the doorway:
“She wasn’t supposed to be here, Dean,” he said in a rush, like a dam bursting. “She wasn’t supposed to be anywhere, not like Bobby or Charlie. She was supposed to be dead. I was so afraid that Jack had put everyone back where they were supposed to be.” Dean got up from his chair and moved around to his brother to put a bracing hand on his shoulder.
“A few inches to the left and you’d be in the ground, Dean,” Sam snapped back between gritted teeth. “If you die on me on a fucking vamp hunt, I’ll let you go ghost-side just so I can gank you myself.”
“So how have you been, Jack?” Sam asked as Dean eased himself down into a chair, stiff and sore. Jack frowned at him as he did so.
Living with Cas, all human and grouchy and prone to terrible habits like leaving his damp towels on Dean’s clean bathroom floor to mildew, was sort of like living with a ticking bomb. Dean tiptoed around the bunker, feeling like he was one wrong step away from setting the whole thing off.
“Yeah, I know, kid. But we’ve been getting knocked around by the bad guys since long before we knew angels were anything but a bedtime story. We’ll get by.” Jack studied him for a moment, then closed his eyes. When he opened them, he smiled.
“I won’t always be here,” Jack reminded him gently, and Dean felt a muscle in his jaw work.
“The fucking cicadas,” Dean grumbles by way of explanation. The coffee tastes like water on his tongue; all his senses are occupied with the way sweat pools in the hollow between Cas’ collar bones.
to Sam about it, and had been shut down in no uncertain terms. So, the day Dean pulled up to the bunker after a run to the auto supply store and found the little hatchback parked out front, with Eileen leaning against the passenger side and staring at the bunker’s door like it might reveal its secrets under intense interrogation, he wasn’t exactly sure what to think.
He watched Sam’s long legs lope over the grass and take the steps two at a time, watched him sweep Eileen into his arms and press his face into her hair. Then Dean smiled to himself, turned the radio up, and guided the Impala back onto the pavement.
“Yeah, me too,” Dean managed to choke out, wondering why the words came out of his throat sounding like they were formed of broken glass. “But he didn’t get dusted, Sam, he went out on his own terms. Jack said he was gonna be hands off, just put things back the way they were before Chuck went all Thanos on the world. Guess it might have been too much to hope for, to get him back, too.”
The barn, when it finally came into view through the windshield, looked, if possible, even more dilapidated than it had the last time he’d seen it, 12 years and a few lifetimes ago. The fact that it was still standing at all seemed to be more a product of wishful thinking than structural integrity. He pulled the Impala to stop and simply stared at it for a while, before summoning the courage to get out of the car and start walking toward it.
Sam’s grin was blinding, like sunlight reflecting off chrome.
“You know it ain’t like that, Sammy,” Dean says tiredly.
“Sam?” Dean asked cautiously. “You ok?”
“Yeah, Dean,” Sam agreed softly, squeezing his shoulder tighter. “I do want to know, someday. But . . . when you’re ready.” Dean cleared his throat, looked away from Sam’s too-shrewd gaze, and stepped away to give himself a little space to breathe.
“The rest of your life, dude.”
When he finally did, his eyes were impossibly blue, almost the pale indigo that shone at the treeline for a few fleeting moments before sunrise, but not quite. Not quite that color or any other, anywhere. Dean knew. He had been looking for a very long time. Long enough, maybe, that he should have figured out some things before they were laid out for him in the bunker’s basement with Death pounding at the door.
“You’ll eat it,” Cas warns without taking his eyes away from the stove. “Or I’ll call Doctor Halliday and ask him about the results of the cholesterol test you had last month and then refused to talk about.”
“That’s . . . that’s good, Cas,” Dean found a way to force out of his suddenly-constricted throat. “That’s how it’s ‘sposed to be.”
“Hard to blame him. You make an easy mark,” says a wry voice behind him from the doorway.
“It ain’t like that because it
“Hello, Dean.”
He pulled the Impala up behind her car, got out, and went to join her. She glanced over at him when he eased his shoulder against hers, and offered him a wan smile.
The screen door swung open on squeaky hinges, and a figure moved out into the light of the setting sun. She looked just the way Dean remembered her: sloe-eyed and smiling at Sam. Always, smiling at Sam.
He sat beside his brother in the quiet, and proposed a toast that seemed both too small for the moment and exactly, exactly right. Then he listened to Sam talk about writing their own stories, and thought about what it meant, to be free. By the time they went off to their own rooms to sleep before taking whatever step came next, Dean thought he knew exactly what to do now, finally free to choose.
“Maybe not precisely that. But close enough to stay here.” Cas shrugged, looking unconcerned. “My wings for a soul. It was a fair trade, freely made.”
“I’m so glad,” Cas breathed into the space between them. “To be home.”
“Not yet, Sammy,” Dean heard himself say hoarsely. “I’ll tell you about it, I will. But not yet, ok?” Sam looked like he was going to argue the point, and panic forced more words past the howling thing at the base of Dean’s throat. “Please. I’m not . . . I’m not ready.” He could feel tears pressing behind his eyes and ruthlessly choked them back. Sam looked like he knew exactly what Dean had just confessed to, but he also didn’t look very surprised. Mostly just fragile, and sad.
“The way they should have been,” Sam repeated, not quite a question.
The clock informs him that he still has 20 minutes before he needs to hit the shower, but he swings himself upright anyway. No sense in letting himself get soft now. His bad knee protests the movement in no uncertain terms, and he glares down at it like he can intimidate his own body into forgetting he’s on the wrong side of forty and has lived a life that - among many other things - has never been easy on the joints. For a minute, he sits there on the edge of the bed while the damn bugs scream in the trees outside and a truck rumbles past on the road at the edge of the property line, and contemplates the reality of living long enough to develop arthritis. Then he pushes himself up and shuffles down the hall.
“Your love is one step down from idolatry,” Cas argues wryly.
“So yeah, Cas. I believed. I believed you would be here. If I had gone somewhere else, you would have been there, too. You were always going to be wherever I ended up, because if you weren’t, I hadn’t gotten there yet. There was never going to be an ending for me that didn’t have you in it.” Cas studied him for a long minute.
Words had never been Dean’s strong suit; that had always been Sam’s thing, the reason they made such a good team. Dean was about doing, not saying, but even with all that, before, he wasn’t sure he would have found the courage to do what he did next.
Dean couldn’t feel pain here, so there was no pain, but there was a chasm in his chest so vast he could feel it like a wound, like a rending in his soul; it was the place where all the things he’d never said to Cas had been kept and sealed away, burst open now like a flower in the sun.
“I told you, man. Billie was breathing down our necks. Cas summoned the Empty to stop her, and it snatched him up too.” Sam’s brows furrowed, his eyes narrowing.
“Stay,” Dean repeated. “But not as an angel.” Cas smiled, still not meeting Dean’s gaze.
Dinner passes in amiable conversation, the way it does every week. Eileen talks about a new student who lost his hearing to meningitis at 14 and is acting out because
“That whole thing about living a good life, and suffering and slogging, so you can catch a break in the afterlife - that’s bullshit, Cas. That was Chuck, yanking people’s strings, making them dance. That’s not what this is. I knew, deep down, that when Jack left that he was taking any chance I had to get you back with him, and I told myself it was ok. We didn’t save that world for us. We saved it for
“They’re around. Bobby, too, when you feel like drinking crap beer and getting insulted.”
In the end, it was the easiest thing in the world, to press forward, to slot his mouth against Cas’  like it belonged there. It was so, so easy to choose, now that he knew  what it meant, to not have a choice.
Dean sat with that for a few minutes. He really had hoped to see Jack’s face again, to tell him how proud he was, how beautiful the world he’d saved had been, but he supposed Jack didn’t need him to. One of the perks of the job, he guessed. It would have been nice, though, for Dean, to say the words. It had been a while since he prayed, and Jack said they never had to again, but still. Might be nice. Maybe he’d give it a try.
The water from the showerhead comes out smelling like rust and makes the 50-year-old plumbing rattle like a Gatling gun in the distance, but Dean wets his toothbrush with it anyway and stares at himself in the cloudy mirror above the sink while he waits for it to warm up. The beard he’s been growing the last few months (first out of laziness, and then out of morbid curiosity as he watched it fan out salt-and-pepper over his face, making him look like a stranger) probably needs a trim, but he thinks it can wait until next week. He studies the lines fanning out from his eyes, and thinks about the fact that he’s just a stone’s throw away from being as old as his dad was when he died, as old as he ever got to be. In Dean’s memory, John Winchester is purposeful and driven and full of a zealot’s rage at this age; Dean mostly just feels tired.
Dean was only vaguely aware of leaning up out of his seat, closing the space across the table where they had laughed and grieved and sniped at each other, where they had shared a life, a real one, even if he hadn’t known what it was at the time, even if they hadn’t gotten to keep it. He could keep it now, he thought almost hysterically, the thought buzzing around his head like white-winged motes of light. He could keep it forever, now.
Dean wouldn’t remember, after, crossing the distance between them, but Cas was suddenly there, his arms like bands of steel around Dean’s back, anchoring him to the world they’d saved. Dean’s mouth found his hair, his temple, the shadowed dip at the hinge of his jaw.
Dean’s heart does something funny in his chest; not a skipped beat, because that shit doesn’t happen in real life, but a brief stutter, like Baby’s engine when she’s trying to tell him something needs tended to. He turns with the coffee raised halfway to his lips, and takes in Cas’ sun-warmed face, the bead of sweat slipping down his neck toward the wet vee on the front of his t-shirt, the dark hair peppering his calves as they taper into his incongruous sneakers. Dean feels his lips curl up without any direction from him, like the pull of gravity.
“I tried calling Cas,” Sam said carefully. Dean felt his face do something he had no control over, and was vaguely aware of Sam’s hand coming up to his own shoulder. It felt like another brand.
“Something about colony collapse disorder,” Sam says cheerfully, with the patience of a man comfortable with his place in the world. “I can’t really follow. Reckon they’ll tell us if there’s something we need to know.”
“I know,” Cas smiled for real this time. It was the brightest thing Dean had ever seen. “I heard your prayer. But Dean, you’ve fought enough. You can lay down your arms, now, if that’s what you want. You may have to fight again, if you choose it. But I . . . I am already yours”
“You couldn’t have known I’d be here.” Cas’ protest sounded less like true denial than like he was trying to be
The blissful, uncomplicated blankness (relief, Dean realized later, the word for that golden, weightless sensation was relief, so huge and profound it had blotted out everything else like an eclipse) began to ebb back like a tide the second they swung open the door of the bunker. They had saved the world, and that was good, but they had saved the world because there were people in it, people they loved, and that was so much worse and so much better. They shared a look that was half-guilt, half-hope, and they both went scrambling to their rooms to collect the phones they had shoved in nightstand drawers days ago, letting the charges run dry. An empty world had been hard enough to bear without staring at blank screens, hoping against all reason that they would ring.
As they traveled steadily down the hallway to the pool, The three Knights kept up a cheerful conversation going consisting of insult to Castiel’s life in general, the school, and the PE teacher. As the door to the pool locker room loomed into sight, Castiel jerked hard in Alistar’s headlock, not succeeding in much except getting Alistar to tighten his hold to bruising pont. “Woah there, where’re you going?” He asked Castiel, deceivingly good-natured.
“Well, I’m no doctor but I don’t think you should be up for a while.” Castiel opened his mouth to say something and she held up a silencing hand. “You were just almost drowned I don’t know how many times he held you under. Probably more than just once right?” Castiel closed his mouth with a click, Jo knew she was right. “And if I’m not mistaken, Dean and Azazel were there too right?” He hesitated, before nodding jerkily. Jo practically glowed with anger. “That little shit….me and Dean are going to have words when I get home.”
Cas walked into the living room and folded up a blanket that was tossed onto a couch, neatly laying it over the back of the sofa. His mother was in the kitchen, and he heard bottles clinking. So it was to be a drunk sort of day.
He went downstairs, ate breakfast and packed himself and Sammy lunch. His dad was probably in a bar or around town somewhere. That or passed out in his bed.
“I’m going to go out for two or three hours.” Castiel said haltingly. “Is that-Is that okay?” He bit his lip, hoping she didn’t say no. He wasn’t sure what he would do for hours, besides think about school tomorrow and the attention he was going to get from the Knight for not having the cast on. Their personal trophy shelf.
He’s drowning in blue. A vast ocean of dead lovers he’s drifting over. Blue.
“Really sir, I think she’d benefit from seeing Castiel, he’s just in the back of my car, he’s looking pretty rough….”
He grabbed a light grey knit cardigan and a couple books to return and his wallet. There was nothing in his wallet but his library card, a gas station rewards card, and a single dollar bill. He had to put his books down to put his wallet in his back pocket with one hand.
Castiel clicked the pen closed, and put the journal away quickly, sleep tugging at his eyelids and making his limbs fill with mortar. He turned the light off and wrapped himself up in blankets, cocoon-like and comfortable. He thought about ways to get the inevitable beer-smell off the side of the house before his father came home.
He stumbled back into the fridge and left the kitchen. She wasn't drunk, but she wasn't in a good mood either. This was not a very good situation either way. He didn’t want to go back upstairs in case his mom wanted him to do something, so he got a pitcher and filled it with water to fill the glasses at the table.
The person in question was a girl, one he had seen around school but never spoke to. She had brown hair and wore a lot of button down shirts with ties, and her name was Naomi. “Hi Castiel!” She said brightly.
Alistair left, after what seemed to be an hour in Castiel’s fogged over brain. He sealed their parting with a fleeting kiss on the cheek, but Castiel fell unconscious before he could rub off the stain.
“We could just ditch. You know Shurly never squeals on us.” Azazel supplied.
Dean watched Castiel skitter past him in the hallway. The person he was trying to intimidate with intense eye contact and threats of bodily disfigurement squirmed while he stared at the skinny shadow trying to escape the hall.
So he went upstairs to get his homework done, and as he was finishing up a paper for science, his phone dinged. He looked at it and found a text from Alistair, wondering if Dean would go to a movie with him and Azazel after school on tuesday. Dean replied ‘yeah what movie’ right away, and waited for another message. But Alistar must have gotten off the phone because another text didn’t arrive.
Inside it was warm, and after talking to a concerned elderly priest, Castiel was granted access to what he needed. In the white and light green bathroom, he leaned over the sinks as he carefully cleaned dried blood off his face with a wet paper towel. He had already pulled up his shirt and inspected the damage on his ribs, which were purple and blue in the florescent lights. He looked so pale in the mirrors, the pouches under his eyes were the color of plums. His skin looked too tight, and blood and bruises on his body gave the impression that his bones were trying to pierce their way through.
Carefully, Cas moved the suitcase around so he was dragging it instead of carrying it, and slowly made his bumby progress up the stairs as quietly as he could manage. His heart stopped beating a second when his father’s face suddenly appeared at the end of the stairs. “Could you hurry that up a bit?” Zechariah asked with annoyance, glaring at Castiel.
“Yeah, you’re looking a little rough around the edges. That’s actually part of the reason i came here, aside from hoping to make a new friend. Do you need any help taking care of some of that?” She gestured vaguely to his face. “Because some of those cuts look nasty.”
Father comes home Wednesday.
“Please?” Jo asked, patting the seat next to her. Somehow she had stood up and he hadn’t noticed. “Just at least tell me your name.”
“Honestly Cassy, If you were mobile this would be a lot easier. But you’re not. And I don’t have a car with me. So it looks like I’m probably not going to get a fuck right now, and what’s the fun of kissing out where people can see?” The words were echoing, fading. Castiel could barely tell if he was dreaming or not. “Ah, well. Maybe sometime later. If you survive a couple weeks, I’ll try again, and I’ll get something to make you a little more….relaxed.”
“Sorry kiddo” Dean said, smiling. “You drank the last one yesterday, remember?”
“N- no dad. Just tired.” His dad didn’t seem convinced.
He was walking to school just like normal. He wasn’t enjoying the walk very much, despite the fact that the weather was finally giving them a break. It was early June, and the day was neither hot nor warm. Castiel wore a grey cardigan over a white button up, and his pair of jeans tied at the waist with a belt.
He almost ran down the stairs, a habit formed when his mother used to drive him to school and he was always being yelled at to get “His little ass down the stairs!”
“On Monday. I mean, we’ve got school-”
Jo let go of his collar but stood close to him, in a stance that told him she was ready to run after him if he tried to bolt. “Where is he?”
And with that, he left the room.
Azazel's fist slammed into Castiel's stomach, making him double over in pain. The throbbing hadn't even begun until another fist rammed into his side. He groaned, and was pushed back against Uriel. He almost collapsed, but the pain of hanging by his arms kept him upright. He struggled to tear his hands away from Uriel, but just like all the other times, he couldn't do it before they set in on him again.
“Well-I mean to say, Dean’s sort of a family friend. Our dad’s knew each other, so he’s at the house a lot, with his brother Sam. But he’s a complete asshole, always talking about-”
He crouched, heart fluttering, and got a better look at the mauled face. Then, like a punch in the gut he recognized the swollen lips. The bags under the eyes. “Shit. Shit. Shit shit.” He whispered, hand trailing out to grab Novak’s wrist from where it was curled awkwardly at his side. The pulse there was thready and weak. He looked back at Novak’s face again, and winced. He looked truly terrible, in every sense of the word. Shiny, swollen bruises lined his face. Blood from his nose created a beard of crusted iron colored flakes along his chin. His lips were split and chapped. Dean had never taken into account how truly skinny Novak was, ribs sticking out from where his tee shirt was stuck to his skin. Of all the places he thought Castiel would turn up… He barely registered the fact that he wasn’t even thinking anything untoward about Castiel yet. He was just…..shocked.
“The other’s have never noticed, you know, that you sometimes come to school looking better then when you left. They still think you got it made, with a butler, maybe a few topless maids, a silver platter of lobster waiting for you when you drop your backpack off at the door. If you did, I think you’d look a lot different than you do now. Better clothes. Better hair. Better skin.” Alistair scoffed. “Better.”
“Oh yeah. Do you think I’d lie to you?” Yes. “Like I said. Car accident. Head on. Would you like a description of the body? Funeral’s on Saturday. Goodbye.” The door closed.
He hoisted himself out of his car and around to the other side. There was no movement in the curtains of the giant house behind him, but the car in the front seemed to be a promising sign that someone was home. He opened the back door real quick to check on Castiel. He looked the same, so Dean shut the door and walked warily up to the house. The last time he had been here, he’d thrown beer bottles at the siding. Meg had been there. The shards of glass were all gone now. Dean wondered idly if a maid had picked them up or something. Funnily enough though, the house was big, and pretty, and looked like it cost a pretty penny, but it wasn’t exactly the house you hired MAIDS for. It was almost oo small to be maid-worthy, though Dean doubted that really stopped the possiblilty of there being a maid inside there. Dean stepped up the front stair and rang the doorbell nervously, shuffling where he stood.
“I’m going to get some shit! Be right back.” He yelled at Sam’s room. No response. Obviously. He trusted that Sam didn’t have earbuds in, and opened the front door.
“Heya Sully!” He said mockingly, while Sully slumped against the walls in pathetic defeat. Sully wasn’t the funnest to torture, but he would have to do.
He rolled out of bed, almost falling because his legs were so heavy with sleep. Then he stumbled to the bathroom and got his shirt off before he remembered he couldn’t get the cast wet. He would have to run to CVS or something to get a protector.
Castiel knew he would pay the price fore running away in a few minutes, but right now his will to obey his father was considerably smaller due to his pounding head and scratchy throat. All that was keeping his going was the fact that the weekend was tomorrow. Yes, that glorious day was coming when he would get up and go outside and not return to the house until evening. Or at least, that’s what he wanted to do, but he knew that even if he did get out of the house he wouldn’t really know what to do. The library closed on weekends, he had no money for the arcade and his other option was walking around town for a day. Given his current physical condition, that just didn’t seem fun.
Dean lowered them to the floor carefully, shaking his head and sobbing with Castiel’s head cradled in his arm. With his other hand he stroked Cas’ face, careful to avoid any burnt patches or cuts. Castiel was still staring at Dean, with his mouth open like he wanted to say something, but his chest and neck had been burned so badly, there was no way he could make a sound right now. Dean cried harder and put his forehead lightly against Cas’.  “No,” He heaved out, “no, no Cas, no.”
When Cas finished sweeping, and brushed any leftover dirt that he couldn’t pick up under the couch, he went to the kitchen and grabbed a rag from under the sink. He got it wet and proceeded to wipe down the couch in front of the Tv, even though it was only dusty. When he was done wiping off the living room, he moved on to the dining room and wiped down the table and chairs. After that he swept the dining room, easier this time because it was smaller and they didn’t eat in there very much when their father wasn’t home.
He walked to school like he did everyday. He prefered not to take the bus, since the kids there hated him for being rich. They seemed to hate the way he dressed in particular, even though there was not much special about it. He wore a cardigan of some sort, a white t-shirt and khakis. But in any case, he walked to school because the bus was hell and there was no way his mother was getting up before 11 to drive her stupid son to school.
“Well- I just had a rough day. Didn’t do so well in a history test is all.” Dean lied semi-smoothly. His dad narrowed his eyes was looked like was about to ask about the test when Sam cut him off.
Dean stood there for a second before sighing, deeply, and spinning around on his heel. This went….a bit fucking differently then he thought it would. He had a sick feeling in his stomach that Novak sr. had been telling the truth, and Castiel’s mom was going to be six feet under on Saturday. Could Castiel and Novak sr. have had a fight, ending with Novak being thrown out for a night by a Mr. Novak, who would be too blinkered by rage to realize his weak son didn’t stand a chance on his own in the town? Maybe the mother’s death caused the fight... A story was coming together in Dean’s mind, mainly fiction to compensate for the lack of solid facts in this case. And Castiel could’ve been walking through streets he didn’t know, when the wrong people found him and decided to have a little fun. All the while loving parent Zacharia Novak was at home, wondering if his misguided teenage son was suffering out in the wilderness. Dean bet this was supposed to be nothing more than a few nights of angry distance before they reunited once more in a tearful confrontation….But that was probably all bullshit. No matter how mad Zacharia Novak was, Dean didn’t think he would turn away his son like that. Dean just couldn’t…..think. He couldn’t think.
“None. Never.” Castiel said, a bit more curtly; already tired of the dramatics.
He hadn’t opened his eyes yet, but focused on the sounds and feelings. Cars. Chapped lips. Birds. Bricks. Wind. Denim. But there was too much feeling. He was overwhelmed by it, unpleasant painful chaffing. He tried to focus on the sounds more, but there wasn’t enough of them.
He didn’t trust her one bit. He couldn’t, even though the story seemed true enough. Everybody bullied him into opening lockers for them, ever since he had revealed in junior year that he could pick locks like an escaped convict. It was a skill learned from when he read crime novels, and his mother shut him in closets when he bothered her too much. He could go along with Naomi’s story, but he would have to be on the lookout for any flying fists or Knights of Hell.
He might black out quicker if he did it now. It might be over sooner.
He puffed a long breath out of his mouth, making his cheeks swell and deflate. Ungluing himself from the bed, Cas opened a window and stuck his nose right up against the mesh screen, breathing in the scent of spring and rain, even though it had not fallen. It was around 2 in the afternoon, maybe 1:30, and he could probably make it to the old arcade and back before it closed at 4:30. Maybe walk around town after he had spent all his money. He hadn’t been there in months.
In all the pictures, there was only one where his parents looked truly happy. It was a picture of them at their wedding, coming down the aisle, newly made Husband and Wife. His mother was beaming, all her teeth showing in a rare sunshine-bright smile. His father had a small but genuine smile on his face, and more importantly it reached up to his eyes. Castiel had never seen one of those smiles in person. Just this photo, where his parents look truly happy. His father is dressed in a handsome tuxedo, and his mother has a big poofy dress that has bell-like sleeves and white lace all over. He wondered what had happened since that day, that made his father a work machine and his mother a sad drunk who didn’t care for her only child.
His mother got downstairs and walked through the living room looking like she just crawled out a pit full of tigers. She generally looks like that in the mornings, and he has learned never to comment on it. Last time he had, he had gotten slapped so hard there was a red handprint on his cheek. His mother was sensitive about how she looked, about her weight and how other people perceived her.
Castiel sat still for a moment, considering his options. He could play along, pretend he believes her until she tries to lead him somewhere the Knights could get him, or he could say no then and there and go find somewhere else to sit, or he could believe her when she said she meant no harm.
Satisfied with his job, he stopped wiping and brought the bucket off the porch and in between the hostas planted around his house. Then he started picking up the brown shards there,  careful not to knick his fingers. Cas braced his cast against the side of the house when he lost balance, not wanting to fall in the dirt.
Castiel hacked harder, water dribbling out of his mouth. His nose burned, maybe he had blacked out and started breathing? Why was Jo here? He retched and gagged, water dribbling out of his mouth along with some spit. He weakly wiped that off his chin with his wet sleeve.
(See the end of the chapter for
He closed and locked his locker, turning around and scanning the hallway to see if Novak might be there for him to beat on. Those feelings, the remorseful one he had been feeling about the nerdy richdick? Screw ‘em. Right now he needed something to hit, and there was nothing that made him happier than making that kid bleed.
He passed the pictures on the green walls, some of his whole family, a few of his father as a young man, and almost none of himself. It was almost like his family was trying to make him disappear. There were barely any pictures of him anywhere, online, in baby books (which he didn’t have), on the walls. Just the yearbook, where he won the title “Most Likely to succeed” one year.
“Ok! I’m sorry. I’m going to my room now.” He started walking to his room. She huffed something behind him.
As he stood, he felt every place which had rested on the cold hard floor, and some. Wounds that his father hadn’t even caused screamed at him, but he shushed them internally. This was nothing a little ibuprofen couldn’t fix, right?
“You know, I’ve seen you for what you are all along.” Ah. Well, it looked like Alistair was going to answer any questions Castiel had on his own. “Ever since you showed up that first day in junior high, shaking like a leaf smothered in bruises. Of course, artfully placed bruises. You gotta give your dad credit, I didn’t even suspect until your shirt pulled up when Dean-o was given’ you that noogie. Nowhere above the armpits. An inch below the bellybutton. Gosh, even after all these years, I can still remember. It was beautiful work.”
Azazel looked him up and down. "My my. Not looking so smug now, are ya?" he purred. "Yeah, I saw you. You like that I didn't do so well on that test, do you? Well not everyone has a rich mommy and daddy to back them up if they flunk. But maybe next time you won't look so happy, if you know what's good for your health."
Dean just stitches him up, carefully, carefully.
He scratched absentmindedly at the blue hunk of plaster. It had stopped aching and itching about the fourth week, which had been such a relief he had almost cried. The weeks of having his arm wrenched to and fro had made it ache fiercely, and it didn’t help when Castiel felt the burning need to itch it at 3 AM. Those nights (mornings?) had been absolute hell. And when he woke up, with his arm aching from all the ways he had tried to stop the itching, and then he had to go to school and have it drawn all over with sharpie and yanked again and again, he felt like crying all over again. Too much crying, too much feeling. He couldn’t wait for high school to end.
“I fell. Down a hill.” He said haltingly. She raised an eyebrow, and he could tell she didn’t believe it one bit.
He walked into his English class with a minute to spare, and took his usual seat at the back. He tried to calm his nerves, thinking of other things. Like how he was going to rewatch season 6 of Buffy the Vampire Slayer, or read the book he had been waiting for for months. Anything but how they were going to pummel him after school.
Then Novak had looked up, and Dean stopped recreating the moment just long enough to watch his face fall and his eyes lose that temporary light the Gollum/Joker face had given them. Then he had turned and hurried away from them, leaving Dean with the annoying heaviness pulling at his brain.
“What do you want? More money? Another hospital bill I have to pay?” She almost yelled at him.
In the crevices of his thoughts, weaved in the cloth of his mind Novak jumped out at him, reminding him over and over again that he couldn’t relax, couldn’t feel good, shouldn’t have a moment's peace while Novak was unaccounted for. Which didn’t make sense at all, Dean reasoned with himself, because for all he knew Castiel could just be at home on his soft memory foam mattress, drinking Fiji water and Netflixing his life away. His mother could be tending to him, bringing drinks and kissing his bruises, and his father would be downstairs reading the newspaper, sipping coffee and supporting his family, like a proper dad. (Dean couldn’t help the bitterness that leaked into these last thoughts.) But that just didn’t ring true in his head, somehow. If his Dad supported him so much, how had all the injuries gone unnoticed? How had the school not been notified, a message been sent out? Like when they broke his fucking arm! Even Dean’s dad would’ve raised awareness at that…. He shifted uncomfortably, mind straying into territory too contradicting to his beliefs to think about.
He crept up the stairs without a sound, and threw his bag onto his bed when he got to his room. Then he started doing his math homework, to get it over quickly before he could read. While he did his math, he plucked at his cardigan with his hands, fidgeting. After about 20 minutes, he finished all his math and put it back in his backpack. Then he got out his book "Eleanor and Park", which he had heard a lot about on the internet, but wasn't very excited for. Maybe it would surprise him.
“Could you pack me a capri sun too? The cafeteria stopped selling them.”
After he had done that, “Dinner” was served. His mom must have been out of it while cooking, because the meal was half burned. It was macaroni and cheese with hot dogs cooked into it. Sometimes, if his father was home, his mother would cook an actual meal. And it wouldn’t be half bad, because he father might get angry if it was bad. His mother could cook well if she tried. But right now it was all he could do to force down the crap and keep a neutral expression.
“And this concerns me because…?” Dean asked dryly, still trying to play semi-dumb.
When he finally got his house, pulled into the driveway, looked up at the front room window and sighed again, he realized that Sam was going to be a total bitch about this. But hopefully Sam would know a little more about First Aid than Dean. After his reaction to the pool Dean had no doubts than Sam would do whatever was within his power to help Castiel.
He picks up one drooping plant that he recognizes—he could never remember the name, but he remembers the dark green leaves, their purple undersides. Remembers how it had so frequently flopped over in spite of Cas’ diligent watering, the way Cas had laughed when Dean said it sure had a flair for the dramatic. Underwatered, then; not the cold.
Dean laughs uncomfortably, but he cuts himself short when he sees the way Sam is smiling at him, lopsided and painfully earnest.
Cas doesn’t look up from his phone, but Dean can tell he’s not reading, his eyes fixed in one spot. His jaw clenches, unclenches. He bites out, “Someday there will be a vaccine and you can go back to finding other people to fuck.”
“C’mon, it’s nice outside,” Dean says. “It’s gonna start getting cold and miserable here in a bit. We should take advantage of the good weather while it lasts.”
Cas waits patiently as Dean makes his way through the concession line, douses his popcorn in butter and salt. They take a seat near the front, talking as they wait for the movie to start.
As soon as they get back inside, Dean lets out a shaky breath, leaning back against the door and running his hands through his hair. Cas immediately crowds up into Dean’s space, takes his face in his hands, strokes his thumbs across his cheekbones.
Heaven is full of people Dean loves and who love each other. Dean looks at them and feels drunk on it, overwhelmed by this feeling that can survive anything, hurt and pain and betrayal, this thing that lives in every inch of this place that exists beyond death.
It’s not that he leaves it a mess. It’s just that there are certain things he never has the energy to do. He comes home one day and Castiel has scrubbed around the sinks, removed all the really tenacious gunk that was collecting in the nooks and crannies. The next, he’s managed to get several months’ worth of dust off the baseboards. The next, it’s the grout.
Dean smirks. They’re on their way already, ready or not, probably less than an hour behind them, but Dean texts back anyway,
Cas shrugs and resumes scrolling through the channels. They settle on
Dean smiles to himself as he finishes getting ready for work. When he heads out, he leaves a post-it stuck to the inside of the door:
“Love you, too,” Cas murmurs.
“To have to do everything alone.”
He sighs, heading back into the kitchen to grab a couple forks. He shuffles into the living room and plunks them down on the coffee table along with the pie before taking a seat next to Cas on the couch.
“No,” Cas says, holding onto him just as tightly. “Not at all. You can be whatever you want to be.”
Cas smiles softly. “That’s a very generous way of putting it,” he says. “Thank you.”
“I can do that,” Dean says.
-- “This thing is dangerous,” Dean declared as the credits rolled and he looked at the time -- he’s nearly forgotten to feel bad about it.
“Talking to Eileen, mostly,” Sam says, a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. “Texting, video calling, whatever. Just having the screen up as I go about my day, even. I thought you knew that. I thought that’s what we were doing, both giving each other space.”
But then Dean turns to face Cas fully, and he says, “Hey, man, I gotta say something.”
Dean goes still. “What?”
“A hundred percent.”
“The truth.”
seen them. But monsters?” Dean shrugs. “I mean, c’mon, if they existed, a ton of people would have seen ‘em, right?”
“Mmm,” Cas says. “These miniature varieties are popular now so people can grow them in pots indoors, even in colder climates. But yes, they do produce regular-sized fruit. It’ll take a while, though. Maybe a couple years.”
“It’s just a drop in the bucket. A fraction of a fraction. Nationally, globally? It doesn’t even register. Each of those wins was so hard won, and every day thousands of deaths come so easily.” This is what his life’s work amounts to—a difference so small it’s statistically insignificant. “We were never doing anything other than trying to hold a tide of blood back with our hands.”
“Hey, sit up,” Dean says. Cas grumbles something incoherent in response, so Dean adds, “C’mon, eating’ll make you feel better. I promise.”
“Hey,” Dean says quietly as he finally starts to doze. Cas makes a sleepy noise of assent from behind him. “Love you, too.”
“Scared?” Cas ventures. “Angry?”
Soon enough he’s coming in the space between them, Cas pressing kisses to Dean’s neck, breathing something against Dean’s skin in a language he doesn’t understand.
Castiel smiles as he tosses the crumpled wrappers into the empty bag. “The cheeseburgers help.”
To: Dean Winchester
“Sam’s not dead or anything,” Dean says that night, once they’ve finished their movie and the credits start rolling. Cas pauses mid-stretch and turns to look at him, slowly settling his arms back to his sides. “I mean, not that I know of. It’s just, uh.” He shrugs. “We had a kinda rough childhood, you know? And we were both sick of it, but he was the one with the guts to do something about it.”
“Last time?”
It’s only as they’re in the middle of eating, the three of them sitting around the table talking and laughing, that Cas’ reply comes, his last of the night:
“You call that taking it in stride?” Dean asks.
He sits across from Sam and opens his laptop, looks for something to do, settles on rewatching
As they kiss, Dean does something he’s historically tried to avoid: he sorts through his feelings. There’s a lot of happiness there, plenty of relief, some pride. And underneath it all, there’s an ache in his chest so old and familiar that he can’t remember a time before it. He used to think it was fear—of Sam moving on without him, of being left alone. But now he sees it for what it is: just plain old garden variety jealousy.
Dean mutely shakes his head.
“Yeah. Me, too.” He frowns out over the landscape, tapping his fingers against the railing. “But, well. I spent most of my life knowing I’d end up in hell or purgatory or the empty. Even what I knew of heaven...well, it seemed alternately like something I either didn’t deserve or something that wasn’t all it was cracked up to be. But this?” He gestures all around them, to the scenery, the house behind them, his friends and family a short drive away. “This is better than I ever could have dreamed.”
“Yes,” Cas chimed him, clearly derailing whatever it was Ricky thought passed for customer service. “I’ve changed my mind, can I get a…a slice of apple pie, please?”
Oh good, it was working.
“Don’t apologize, Dean.”
. He looked at Cas like a wounded animal, his cock twitching hard in Cas’ grip, but he still held back. Still eager to please, to be good - for him. “That’s it. You’re doing so well.”
“Pie?” Dean asked when they were alone again.
Dean took a seat opposite him at the table. “Doing the dishes.”
“It could be a Grindylow,” Cas said. He pushed back his chair and stood, brushing past Dean as he headed into the library.
“Please, yes!” Oh, god, he was begging.
Dean’s eyes looked, unseeing, at the side of Cas’s head. He blinked, tried to look away, but his gaze caught on Cas’ collar, before sliding across his shoulder and down his arm until his eyes reached Cas’ wrist. His sleeves were pulled back due to the angle of his arm, each layer shorter than the next, tan coat giving way to dark suit jacket, then white shirt, then finally the bones of his wrist, dusted lightly with dark hair. Dean’s eyes crossed trying to go further, so he closed them.
Dean’s eyes crinkled at the corners. “Always.”
Although, to be fair, it wasn’t exactly a
Dean didn’t like to admit when he was being a coward, but he was pretty sure it was pure cowardice that had made him tell Cas to back off. He’d panicked a little, suddenly struck with the urge to grab Cas’ hand and suck harder, to lick each finger while looking him in the eyes, to get to his knees, to bend over the counter.
“I’m an angel, Dean. My hands are always perfectly clean and hygienic.” He wrapped his fingers around the handle of his beer mug and took a drink.
“Maybe we should watch something else.” He started looking for the remote again, somehow having already forgotten where he’d set it.
The screen was paused on a close up of a large, wet, strap on.
But in Purgatory, huddled in the dark, back to back, it could no longer be ignored or brushed off as something else.
His mind flashed back to the restaurant. Dean had squirmed in his seat, kinda like Castiel felt he needed to right now, although he was fighting it tooth and nail. And just like that, problem number three fizzled into nothing, because it wasn’t just his age-old, one-sided longing for the man he had rescued from hell. It wasn’t just his vessel reacting. It was Dean and him, and something they
Nothing in his long, long life had prepared him for this. Something so pure, the lightest contact of skin on skin, and yet it had felt like a punch to the gut. Getting disintegrated by Lucifer had nothing on the impact of touching Dean Winchester’s lips.
Dean’s head snapped back as Cas wrapped his hand around Dean’s cock, marvelling at how right it felt to touch Dean like this. How perfect he fit into his grip. How wonderful the sounds coming out of Dean’s throat were. And to think it had taken them years to arrive here.
“Well, the results
“It’s hot in here today, isn’t it?” Cas asked, the angel who was indifferent to temperature. He grinned and lifted his right hand to his tie and pulled on the knot, Dean’s eyes chasing every movement. “Should I open the top button?”
“We’re proud of you, Dean.” Sam said, sarcastically.
“It’s no wonder you almost died, Dean. You can’t use a taser in a watery environment without significant risk to yourself. The traditional method is-”
All traces of doubt and guilt evaporated as Dean opened up and let him take what he had wanted for so long, maybe forever. Certainly since he had first touched Dean in hell, and known him. Known him like no other being in creation ever would.
And not the Lucifer dilemma.
Dean finished his last piece of pizza and pushed his plate away, washing it down with his beer. He set the bottle down and crossed his arms. “So, Mom,” he started, pointedly ignoring Sam who was shaking his head and trying to make eye contact. “We could really use your help on this whole Lucifer thing. We’re trying to find a better way to track him. We almost had him in his last vessel, but then he got away.”
Eventually he managed to drag his eyes back to the tv, just in time to see a couple of girls just… graphically fucking. Like full on, actual porn.
“But you’re still eating, and in here.”
And just like that, all the progress he’d made since he’d left the store was washed away.
“Do you want the last taste?” Cas asked.
“Did you want any?” Mary asked Castiel.
Lush lips glistening with residual moisture. Soft, white foam framing the delectable curve of Dean’s upper lip.
And Dean closed his lips around Cas and sucked.
“He chased me outta the kitchen,” Dean shrugged, taking a forkful of pie and holding it in front of his face with a huge grin.
Dean couldn’t look Castiel in the eye as he hurried to clean up the cracked plate and tragically inedible pie. He took a deep breath when he carried the dust pan into the kitchen to empty into the trash, but his relief was short lived when Cas appeared in the doorway just as Dean was washing his hands.
Another, more forceful, nod.
“For...for what?”
“Hello, Sam. Yes. And yes, I think-”
When Cas stepped back, returning to the island to scoop out a bit of ice cream before returning the carton to the freezer, Dean let out a shuddering breath that did nothing to slow his heart rate.
“Yes,” Cas replied, not missing a beat.
“Whole body.”
“Close, Dean.” Dean closed his mouth around Cas’ finger, and Cas just… pushed it further in. Up to the second knuckle. He held it there for a moment, then slid it almost all the way out before pushing it back again. Dean couldn’t help but to suck on it.
Soft, warm,
Dean hadn’t actually had anything in mind to watch, so he scrolled mindlessly through Netflix until Cas came in with the popcorn. He had left his coat and jacket somewhere else, and was just in his white button down, the sleeves rolled up to reveal his forearms. Dean blinked at the unfamiliar sight. Cas looked practically naked. He sucked in a breath before turning to the TV and just clicking on the first thing he recognized, some show about psychics he’d overheard some people in Hollywood talking about.
, part of Cas’ brain supplied while the rest was busy scrambling for words. What were words again? Human communication was so...oh…
Cas had uttered, the
Not that he hadn’t almost immediately regretted it.
His mind wandered while his hands worked, and it wasn’t long before he found himself pondering his current dilemma.
Cas leaned forward, closing the small amount of space between them that still remained. He paused, a fraction of an inch from Dean’s mouth. “This might change things between us, Dean. Are you sure?”
“That’s a remarkably foolhardy-”
“What’s it look like?” He deliberately took his time to remove his trenchcoat and draped it neatly over the back of his chair, giving it an affectionate stroke before he sat back down. He folded his hands in front of him and smiled sweetly, “Swallow, Dean.”
“Good evening, Mary. How have you been?”
Dean hadn’t felt this boneless and satiated in… in years. If then. He let Cas help him redress, and returned the favor, then by unspoken agreement they made their way to Dean’s room, and Cas sat next to him on the bed while Dean curled up next to him to sleep. All his problems seemed unimportant for once, the search for Lucifer, his awkward relationship with his mother, even the annoying question of what the Brits wanted, all of it, felt like problems for another person.
“Mmph,” Dean moaned around Cas.
“It worked, though. Just… TZZZT”
“Someone?” Cas asked, his hand hovering just half an inch away from Dean’s skin.
“Rawhead!” Dean interrupted.
“Dean?”
Cas’ mouth dropped open in wonder, and he watched as Dean’s tongue came out to lick Cas from his lips. “Fuck,” the angel swore, and Dean’s unspent cock lurched. Cas ran two fingertips up Dean’s chin, collecting his cum, and pushed them into Dean’s mouth. Dean closed his lips over Cas’ fingers and cleaned them off.
Dean sighs, breath tickling the hairs at the back of Cas’ neck. “Yeah, yeah,” he says, pressing one last kiss to Cas’ jaw as he pulls away. “C’mon, I’ll make us breakfast.”
Cas rolls his eyes. “Did you bring me back just to complain at me?”
And then one day he woke up and realized he’d done everything he wanted to do. He stood in the middle of the library, struck with the sudden realization that if this is a vacation, it’s one where he has to wear a mask whenever he goes out to get groceries—curbside pickup only, Sam insists—where he has to stay six feet away from everyone else, where they don’t get to visit Jody or Donna or literally any of their very few friends who are still alive, where there’s nothing to hunt and nowhere to go.
Dean takes a seat next to Cas on the couch. “Now this is what I’m talking about,” he says, grinning, and grabs a handful.
“Yikes,” Dean says.
Dean nods. He picks up Cas’ hand and lifts it to his face, presses a kiss to his knuckles.
“You know what I meant,” Cas says. Dean can hear the eyeroll in his voice.
“And now we come to our first roll!” Charlie says. “You can do an investigation check, where you look for clues and make deductions based on them. The way this works is you roll a d20--”
Cas is lying on the couch in his pajamas reading a book. He barely even looks up to greet him as he asks, “What’s the plan for dinner?”
Dean laughs. “And I meant every word.”
The celebration for saving the world is a quiet affair.
Eileen doesn’t respond, opting instead to simply look at him and smile with one eyebrow raised. “Oh, right,” he says. He chews and swallows his mouthful of food. “This place is incredible. How’d you find it?”
“I know you said you were gonna be hands off,” Dean says, “but I was hoping you might answer one last prayer.”
“What.”
And, well, Dean’s in no position to hold that against him.
He hands Cas the mixtape and he says
“Good night, Dean.”
He nearly bumps into another customer with his cart, mumbles an apology as he waits for them to pass.
“Any other suggestions?” he asks as he follows her around the store.
Something tugs at Dean’s chest. “Uh. Yeah,” Dean says, letting go of Cas’ hand. “G’night, Cas.” He turns to go into his room.
“Dean.”
Dean feels his face flush. “Yeah, right, of course,” he says. “But I do, and I mean. I just.” He shrugs. “Turns out Yelp is also this food review thing, and I know you don’t eat, either, but there’s this place I wanna try, so if you wanna hang out a little tomorrow, y’know, unless you have somewhere more important to be--”
Sam nods and dutifully returns to the couch, continuing his conversation with Cas until Dean announces he’s just about done cooking. Sam returns to sits at the table while Cas excuses himself to get washed up, and as Dean cuts the quesadillas into manageable slices, Sam asks, casually, “So, how long have you and Cas been together?”
Dean looks down at his drink, ignores the look his mom is giving him, the way she’s considering him steadily in his peripheral vision. “I’m not gonna say there weren’t some...rough spots,” he says. “But it’s not like that. He’s not like that any more.”
Sam gets back to work on his program the next day.
“Um,” Cas says. “Trying to sleep?”
Cas gestures with his watering can, confirming Dean’s suspicions. He’d started his garden on the roof near the beginning of quarantine, and now he’s up there all the time doing who knows what. It seems like every other day he spends what seems like an eternity painstakingly trekking his watering can up and down the stairs over and over to make sure his plants don’t die up there, exposed as they are to the sun and heat of a Kansas summer.
“It sounds like he’s the last person anyone should be thanking,” Mary says wryly.
“It’s already been taken care of.”
Now it’s 4:05 am and Cas is in the driver’s seat. Dean is asleep on the passenger side, head tilted back, snoring softly. Outside, the only thing visible for miles is the few dozen feet of asphalt illuminated by the headlights. They’re in a long, empty stretch between cities, and there’s nothing of civilization other than the rare car passing the other way and the occasional solitary light twinkling in the distance. When Cas looks at them head on, they wink out of existence so quickly that he’s unsure whether or not he’s imagined them.
. Dean recognizes a scene from
“When I...came here,” he says. “I, um--” he inhales and exhales audibly, falls silent.
Cas offered to drive and said, when Dean protested, “It’s all right. My grace is keeping me up today, anyway.”
“No, no. Well, I mean, yes. That’s what the book is
Dean only realizes Cas has had more to drink than he thought once they decide to call it a night. Cas sways as he stands, stumbles a little as they head to the car.
Cas huffs a sound of acknowledgement, eyes unfocused, right before he passes out.
Market stalls line the streets in the town square, devoid of customers and shopkeepers alike. All attention is focused on the platform in the center of the square, where two women stand, talking to the crowd of people below. Both wear bright white doublets emblazoned with a multicolored flag.
“Shut up,” Dean says, rolling his eyes, downing the rest of his beer.
Jack’s smile turns a little devious—it cracks Dean up, that after everything, he can still look so much like a kid keeping a delicious secret. “I do.”
“Why not?” Cas asks, frowning.
“Or he might just shout at me.”
“He’ll come around,” Sam says. “He always does. Just give him some time.”
Dean drags a hand over his face before moving to sit next to Cas on the couch. He grabs the present off the table, pulls it into his lap, and unwraps it carefully. It’s a non-stick pan -- a decent one, by the looks of it, which is great given that the ones Dean currently has are unbelievably shitty. They’re so thin that the heat distribution is terrible and so poorly made that the teflon flakes off into their food when he cooks.
“Dean,” Cas says from behind him, touching his wrist. Dean stops and turns back around, looking at the floor. Cas considers him for a moment, frowning. He says, gently, “Tell me what you’re feeling.”
Cas tenses. “I wasn’t—”
“I’m fine,” Cas says. “Are you?” There’s an edge to his words, like he’s making an accusation.
Dean took him back to his pay-by-the-hour motel room. They undressed one another in the space between the door and the bed, so fast it felt like magic. Dean spread the angel out on his bed, pressed against him and into him. He squinted in the lamplight, reached out tentatively to run his hand through the space where the angel’s wings sparked in the air, gasping in surprise as static electricity tingled against his palm.
Cas leans back down, presses kisses along Dean’s jaw as Dean pushes up against him. After a minute, Cas says, breathlessly, “Do you know what I’m feeling?”
“Okay,” Dean says. “I can do that.”
“All right,” Cas says, resuming his kneading. “Anyway, I disagree with your characterization.”
Cas hasn’t responded by the time he gets there, so he waits a few more minutes before giving up and hopping in the shower. Cas still hasn’t replied by the time he’s dried off and changed into his clean clothes, either, or by the time Dean gets back to his room, or by the time Dean wanders into the kitchen to dig up some dinner.
Now it was Cas’ turn to frown. “No. Strangely enough, the women were most displeased with my actions. One of them turned out to be a powerful witch. She cast a curse which forced my vessel to expel me. He got the blame for allegedly trying to defile the princesses and was summarily executed.”
“You made me!” Dean barked back. “Look at this,” he pointed at the floor and added in a smaller voice, “my pie.”
urging Dean along.
“It was a rawhead, not a bloody bones. And you almost died.” Sam clarified.
“You wanna go for lunch before we head back?” Dean asked.
“I can what, Dean?”
“Dude, that’s horrible. Must have been painful.”
Dean finally dropped his gaze from Cas’ to his lap, where he unbuckled his belt with shaking fingers, managed somehow to pop the button and slide the zipper down. Cas lifted his hips helpfully, and Dean grabbed everything, pants, boxers, the works, and tugged it down to Cas’ ankles, where it caught on his boots. Cas’ cock sprang up in front of his face, thick and long, and Dean’s mouth watered. But he waited.
Somewhere in the back of Dean’s mind, he knew he should be questioning all this. But the majority of his brain seemed to have turned to static sometime around the time that Cas had slipped his long fingers into the knot of his tie and tugged on it, his head tipping back to expose his throat. Everything he’d done since then was on autopilot.
Their eyes locked. Cas moved his hand.
Dean did. He took a breath, then another, and then after a moment, he started realizing that a little smut on TV wasn’t anything worth getting upset over. In fact, after another few breaths, while looking Cas in the eye, he seemed to have forgotten what he was upset about at all.
The corner of Cas’ mouth quirked up for a moment.
The damp inside of his lower lip.
Cas’ words were cut off by a groan as Dean took him into his mouth.
“The kid said it looked like raw meat.” Dean thought this sounded familiar, actually. He tried to think.
“We’ll be fine. You two had better get back to figuring out whatever the hell is up with you,” Sam gestured between them before he made a beeline for the exit.
He turned the TV off and turned to Cas.
“Oh hey, Cas,” Sam greeted him as he walked into the kitchen. “Any luck with the books? Do you want coffee?”
And this was when number three reared its ugly head: guilt. Right there, when he thought about these desires, when his vessel seemed to develop a mind of its own and his pants got tight, heat rose from his collar to the root of his hairs, when he shifted in his seat like Dean had squirmed in...the...restaurant…
“Did you like that, Dean? When I touched your mouth?”
he felt for Castiel was completely gone. Dean was done. Finished. He was just gonna have to go for it and let Future Dean deal with the consequences.
The muscle in Dean’s throat had moved. Lips. His lips had parted in a silent gasp. He covered it up by pretending to cough and industrially salting his eggs, but Cas was not fooled. He had seen it. What did this mean?
It was only when they sat in the front seat of Baby that Cas noticed a small bit of sauce somehow still clinging to the corner of Dean’s mouth. He swallowed.
“Since you asked me so nicely.” Cas finally wrapped his hand around Dean’s dick, working him with long, slow strokes, knowing full well that it was just enough to be frustrating. “Do you like this?”
“Thanks,” Dean peered at the name tag, “Ricky.”
“Not as such, no,” Cas replied in earnest, although Dean was almost certainly not referring to Cas’ three tier problem. “Where’s Sam?”
“So this is how I’m gonna go. Gettin’ killed by my best friend ‘cause he’s makin’ me lose my goddamn mind.”
“Got a text from Eileen. She’s in Lincoln and asked if I could help her look at a case.”
Dean had no idea what the fuck Cas was talking about but he nodded anyway.
Dean shut up.
Cas’ hand started on the side of Dean’s face, but it eventually migrated to the top of his head, and soon he had his fingers threaded through Dean’s short hair and was pushing on his head, guiding him a little deeper on each stroke. He spoke, his voice rough, words of praise and encouragement, of
“Uhm, Cas?”
Dean bit his lip, noticing that Cas’ nostrils flared slightly and his pupils expanded at the small action. He lifted his hand to Dean’s face and curled his fingers around his cheek. Dean leaned into it, his eyes fluttering closed for a moment.
They didn’t have to wait for a table, thankfully. The server was a scrawny dude with a bit too much energy, but enough sense to not try to make more conversation than was necessary. Dean absently gave him a friendly smile, and the guy blinked and cleared his throat before rattling off the beer specials. After he took their order, Dean ducked into the men’s room quickly. When he returned, there was a mug of draft beer in front of his spot, and another in front of Castiel.
“I see. You want this?” Cas pushed two fingers between Dean’s unresisting lips, pulling them in and out, letting him suck and lick to his heart’s content while his other hand tightened his grip. Dean moaned around the digits, sending ripples along Cas’ skin straight to his cock, still trapped in his clothes and begging for attention. But there would be time for that later. This was for Dean.
“Maybe I can have ice cream or something.”
-” Dean groaned before Cas leaned over and made Dean taste himself until Dean chuckled into the kiss. Cas pulled back a little and raised an eyebrow.
Cas wished Ricky would go far, far away like the bottom of the ocean.
“You wanna come?” Dean asked around the thumb in his mouth, staring right back at Cas.
They finally made their way to the food section, and Dean managed to get through the list despite Cas curiously pressing a finger into the cling-wrap covered roasts and ground beef, and squeezing the mangos and Christ on a cracker, the fucking bananas and Dean just gave in and gave the keys to Cas and told him to go start the car because it was probably cold.
to the man he had raised from perdition.
The line up took forever, which was probably a good thing for Dean’s state of mind. He was stuck behind a woman with a toddler sitting in her cart, and as she was paying, Dean watched as the kid leaned over and stuck his mouth on the cart handle, leaving a little trail of spit behind.  The mother noticed and pulled him away, scolding him, and Dean looked at his own cart, wondering how many people touched it today.
“Let’s go home,” Dean managed finally. “I want some whiskey that I don’t have to wear, and then I want to sleep for a year.”
His shower is quick and perfunctory; he thinks about jacking off out of habit, but the impulse washes away like the metallic-smelling water that circles the drain. When he steps out of the tub and reaches for his towel, Miracle is sitting on the mat in front of the sink. Dean smiles at him as he scrubs the water from his hair and wraps the towel around his waist, then crouches down to run his fingers through the thick fur at the scruff of his neck.
“A real life,” Dean echoed. “That’s . . . I’m glad, Sammy.”
It reminds him, strangely, of hunting with Sam in those early days after Dad took off, before they knew anything about angels or cosmic wars or the enormous bag of dicks Chuck turned out to be. The world they’d saved is filled with the little problems of ordinary people, and when some of those problems can be solved by Dean’s unique skill set, he puts them right. Engines don’t want to manipulate him into being a pawn on a heavenly chess board, and nothing tries to kill him, but other than those minor details, a day at the garage feels a lot like a simple salt-and-burn did, once upon a time.
“I think I forgot to mention it, but that’s actually why I stopped by.”
“No more monsters?” Dean clarified again, his head full of nothing but white noise and his heart racing like he had a wendigo at his heels.
“Dirt exists, Dean,” Sam huffs indignantly as he moves on to running cucumbers under the water from the tap. “I can take your salad out back and kick it around the yard a little before we eat, if you prefer the authentic experience.”
, and how one of her other kids got him to laugh for the first time this week. Sam tells a frankly hilarious story about a sweet, church-going old lady who is burning through explicit romance novels so fast he’s having to request additional titles from other branches, his ears turning bright red in mortification as the rest of them laugh their asses off. Cas talks about his ailing runner beans for so long Dean’s eyes start to glaze over, and does not mention the boy from the youth center at all. Beneath the table, Dean slips scraps to Miracle and even though Cas never actually catches him at it, Dean’s pretty sure he knows.
“I wasn’t sure you’d come.”
“When Jack had restored Heaven to the place of glory it should always have been, he told me I could come with him, if I wished, to whatever came next. But I . . . I asked him if I could stay.”
“Why not?” Sam asks it so simply, like there could possibly be an answer to that question that Dean could begin to articulate in the next 10 years, let alone before the steaks are done. “Why can’t it be like that? Chuck’s gone, Dean. There’s no one pulling our strings anymore. You and Cas . . . your choices are your own. Your life is whatever you make it.”
“You’re damn right he does, bitch.” Dean’s fingers found a cassette with an ancient strip of tape along the A-side, the ink long since faded to a grayish stain where the words “Songs for Long Drives to Nowhere” had once been inscribed in Dean’s own scrawling hand. It slid into the tape deck like a key into a lock.
Cas’s gaze settled back on Dean, and he looked older but just as knowing as he always had. Dean braced himself for whatever Cas said next, but he still wasn’t prepared for it.
“Wasn’t in cards,” Dean said easily. It felt like a statement that would have hurt, in the time before, like words wrapped in barbed wire that tore and clung on their way out, but now it just felt like the truth. “I knew what I choosing, Sam, when we decided to keep hunting. Blaze of glory. Things worked out the way they were supposed to. But missing people . . . that part’s over.”
“Jack.” Sam said the name like it had been punched out of him. Jack raised his hand in greeting like a fucking weirdo, and Dean’s heart felt like it was going to burst out of his chest.
“It’s fine, Dean.” Cas scowls like Dean might actually drop it, like that “wrath of God” shit didn’t stop working on him about 10 years back.
Some time much later, after Dean had been staring down at his handiwork in silence for a while, Sam finally wandered into the room, sand still on his boots from the shore where they had faced down God himself. Dean had thought before this moment that he knew every expression his brother’s face could make, every twitch of an eyelid and every shadow along his jaw, but this one was brand new.
“Of course he missed you, Cas,” Dean said softly. “You never stop missing your parents.” The look on Cas’ face was so keenly human that Dean felt it pierce him, right below the sternum. Rather than make him respond, Dean pressed on. “What’d you think of ‘im, with his battery charged?”
“You know what we deserve right now, Sammy? A fucking drink. Be right back.” He escaped to the kitchen, and by the time he returned with two beers, he felt less like he was coming apart at the seams.
“Hey, Cas.” Dean’s voice sounded so normal to his own ears that he was almost shocked. Cas smiled at him, slow, and it felt like hearing his favorite song come on the jukebox unexpectedly in some dive bar in Bumfuck, Nowhere; joy, unexpected and brighter for it, bloomed in his chest. “I heard Jack busted you out.”
Things slow down in the mid-afternoon, because Dean’s life has become predictable in ways he would have found appalling even a year ago, and he packs it in around 4:00, waving to Carlos and Dave where they’re smoking in the shade of the east wall of the shop. The Impala’s black paint radiates heat against his palms as he opens the door and slides into the driver’s seat, and he lets her carry him home.
, and realizes it’s neither of those things. It’s Cas, former angel of the lord, sitting with Dean’s brother and sister-in-law in the other room, seeing beauty in the little, ordinary life Dean has been building up around them.
“Hey,” Dean murmured bracingly. “Quit your frettin.’ ‘Tis but a flesh wound. I’ve had worse in a bar fight.”
Dean spent the next half hour responding to texts that had come in during that long, silent drive with his brother, while the people in the know had been frantically trying to figure out how they had gone from flesh and bone to dust and back again, what the Winchesters had done this time. Sam’s voice had faded down the hall as he’d wandered out into the rest of the bunker, so it was silent by the time Dean shot off his final response, and then stared down at the phone in his hand. He had opened his contacts, and had his finger hovering over one, last name.
The wind slipped through their hair, smelling like clover and the remembered warmth of summer, and for a while they drove in contented silence. Eventually, Dean glanced over at his brother.
Cas was, bizarrely, exactly the way Dean remembered him before the world had almost ended. He wasn’t wide-eyed and perplexed by the kitchen appliances, the way he had been during his earlier flirtations with going native, and he didn’t walk around mooning after Dean like a love-sick idiot, the way Dean had been sort of afraid he would after the epic, death’s-door confession in the basement. He stayed up too late pouring over books in dead languages in the library, and took the last cup of coffee in the morning without making more, and he bitched at Dean when he drank too much or screwed with the archiving system Cas and Sam had been using to sort through the bunker’s endless collection of arcane junk. He was just Cas, minus the wings and with a new predisposition for bedhead and buying dying plants from the clearance section at Lowe’s. Dean kept waiting for Cas to bare his brand new, shiny soul to him and continue the conversation they never actually got to finish that day, but he never did. It was frankly disconcerting.
It wasn’t always easy. There were days, in the decades after, when Cas’ obtuseness annoyed the fuck out of him, when Dean forgot to go to the store, when Cas left mostly-drained cups of tea all over the house, when Dean was an asshole for no reason whatsoever and they ended up screaming at each other before Dean took Baby out for a drive to cool off.
“Hiya, Cas,” he said quietly. Cicadas buzzed in the field outside, and a truck rumbled past on the highway in the distance. “I don’t reckon your ears reach all the way here from the Empty, but . . . Crazier things, right?” He smiled, and thought he should feel stupider than he did, talking to an abandoned barn. “So listen, I just wanted to let you know: we won. We beat ‘im, Cas. Well, Jack did. You were right about the kid. He was everything you always said he was, that Kelly knew he could be. And he’s like, God now, or whatever. So I guess we should all be glad he had you around, to raise him up right.” Dean swallowed hard, and set his hand down more firmly on the table, like it might ground him.
Between one second and the next, he was gone, and Dean and Sam stood in their empty library, staring at each other, too shocked to even move.
?” Cas finally dragged his eyes up to meet Dean’s, and Dean hoped whatever his face was doing didn’t look like pleading. “Please say it wasn’t for me. I don’t want to hear that you gave up anything else for me, Cas. I couldn’t bear it.” Cas’ smile was the kindest one Dean had ever seen.
Sam turned to look at him, and Dean felt like he did the first time he’d managed to put dinner on the table on his own, cooking over a hot plate and standing on a step stool so he could see over the shitty linoleum countertop in a motor court dive, putting a bowl of Chef Boyardee down in front of his little brother: Loved. Needed. Ten feet tall. Sam practically lunged across the bench seat now, wrapping his enormous arms around Dean’s body like a vine, hugging like he did when he was three years old and Dean had been the one to make sure he didn’t go hungry.
“Dean.”
.” It suddenly felt more important than anything that Cas understand. “From the minute we took down Chuck until the minute it ended, every choice I made - to save
“How was what?”
Sam hums and takes another sip of beer. Dean wonders what he sees, looking out into the back half of the property, where Dean has boards and siding stacked along the side of the ancient shell of a barn they haven’t gotten around to patching up yet, where Cas’ garden blooms in the warm light of almost-sunset.
“There were a few things I needed to do, before I go for good,” Jack explained, smiling at them beatifically. “I had some changes to make, in Heaven, a few other places I needed to visit. I’m sorry it took so long for me to get back. Time . . . works differently, now.”
“Like Imma be eating your rabbit food when there’s red meat to be had,” Dean replies as he pulls the plate of steaks and a beer out of the fridge.
Cas’ smile shifted into something that was pure light, not directed at Dean at all, but he felt the warmth of it anyway.
“Did he forget to feed you breakfast before he went on his run, or are you trying to con a con man?” Dean asks the dog skeptically as he pours coffee into his cup.
“You can try,” Dean argues like a muscle memory, but his mind is somewhere else entirely. He is suddenly back in a shithole motel in 2009, the first time he’d looked at Cas and and thought about grabbing the lapels of that fuck-ugly trench coat, shoving him back against the little plexiglass “in case of emergency” sign next to the door, and cutting off whatever biting words he’d been about to say with his tongue in Cas’ mouth.
“So . . .” The word came out hoarse, and Dean cleared his throat and tried again. “Where is the kid, anyway? Been looking forward to seeing him again.” A cloud came over Cas’ face, dimming his smile. Dean wished it away with everything he had.
“How did he summon the Empty?” Sam pressed. Dean wanted, suddenly, to tell him all of it. He wanted to pour out every word Cas had said to him and see if they made any more sense to Sam than they had to Dean, who hadn’t been able to process it then and couldn’t now, not without feeling like he was ripping himself apart from the inside, bleeding internally. He wanted to see if Sam could explain it to him and make it anything other than one more fucking tragedy.
“Sam says we get to write our own stories now. That we’re finally free to make our own choices. And that’s what I’m choosing, Cas. To be that man, the one you died for. And that man wouldn’t leave you alone in the Empty. He’d fight for you, to get you back to the world you love so much. That’s the first thing I chose, now that I can choose things. I chose to find a way to get you back to us.” He swallowed hard. “To me.”
“We’re civilians now, and even if we weren’t, we’ve never been the kind of assholes who go around knocking human heads together unprovoked, just because we think they deserve it.” Cas tilts his head in acknowledgement, waiting to see what Dean will say next. “But keep an eye on the kid. If the staties don’t do their jobs, Hank Connelly’s always lurking around one dive or another on Saturday nights. We’ll go into town, get a drink, raise a little hell. Been a while since I started a bar fight, but I ain’t above doing it again if it means puttin’ the fear of God into a guy who’d break his kid’s fingers.” He smiles a little at Cas, just to see his mouth tip up at the corners in return. “Hank’s big and mean, but he’s got that glass-jaw look about him. Bullies always do.”
“Yes, Dean. It was.”
“Still giving you trouble?” Dean asks in a tone that makes it clear he already knows the answer. Cas fucked up his right shoulder last February clearing underbrush near the back of their sprawling yard, and he’d been a huge baby about not letting it heal up before getting back to work, muttering nonsense about hardiness zones and planting timetables.
Dean sat with that pitch-dark ocean of grief for a few minutes, letting it wash through and above and around him, while the phone rang over and over in his ear. He had done this once before, alone on the floor, pinned down beneath the black-hole gravity of the place in the universe where Cas had been and was not anymore. That day, the feeling had been too big and too starfire-hot to even look at it directly, burning his retinas like staring into the sun, and he had simply closed his eyes against it, curled in on himself, and let it crush him under its weight. He’d thought about just staying there, letting the world end without him this time, but words had started to filter through the howling sound inside his head. I cared about the whole world, because of you. The thought of being anyone other than who Cas had died to save was so monstrous that the tidal pressure of his loss retreated in the face of it, and Dean had found the strength to stand up, to not give up on the world Cas had loved so much, to not let him down this one, last time.
They stand there in companionable silence a while longer while Cas polishes off the last of the beer. Eventually, Dean pushes away from the railing to head to the house, and Cas follows him without comment, the empty beer bottle dangling from his fingers.
“Rough day?” Dean asks gruffly as he shuts the lid of the grill with one hand and plucks his beer from Cas’ fingers with the other. Cas briefly makes a bitchy, annoyed face about the beer, but Dean counts that as a win because pissy is much better than sad. The expression fades quickly though, and Cas scrubs a hand over his eyes and looks like exactly what he is: a weary man showing his years, old around the eyes and tired.
“Melittology will be the next salvation of this planet, Sam,” Cas says sternly, his hands finally slowing as he and Eileen turn their attention to the food on the table. “You should know
“How’s the library?” Dean asks before he can get too squirrelly about his brother’s opinion of the life lying scattered across the lawn. A few forged degrees and Sam’s incredibly nerdy and embarrassing enthusiasm for archiving had landed him a job at the Lebanon branch of the Kansas Public Library last August, and he seems impossibly, improbably happy there, puttering around amongst the paperbacks, showing 10-year-olds how to use search engines for good and not for evil.
Cas sighed, and Dean felt it against his lips, like a revelation.
When he looked up into Sam’s face, he saw
Dean moves through the kitchen entirely on autopilot, collecting forks and plates and the strawberry-rhubarb pie he’d baked yesterday after work, while his brain makes a noise like a busted engine trying to turn over. He can’t tell if Sam’s come-to-Jesus talk got into his head or if he’s losing his fucking mind, but after a minute of blind panic, he remembers the look on Cas’ face as he agreed with Eileen that their dimly-lit, unimpressive living room was
“Of course I came,” Dean replied fiercely, his fingers white-knuckled around his glass. “I was always going to come for you, Cas. In Purgatory, in Hell, on Earth. I always came for you, in the end. I would have come for you in the Empty, if I could have. I think I knew it was useless, but I was going to try, once I got Sammy past the worst of it, once I was sure he was going to be able to move on. I would have come for you anywhere, Cas. But I ran out of time.”
He’s been zenned out over the grill, sipping his beer and thinking about nothing, for about 5 minutes before Sam wanders out after him, his own beer in hand. He folds his long limbs in on himself so he can sit on the steps that lead down into the lawn, wincing when a board creaks ominously under his weight.
“Okay, Baby,” Dean said quietly, running a hand over the steering wheel as Jimmy Page’s first few notes tumbled out of the speakers. The gear shift under his fingers felt like an extension of his arm; Sam’s breathing from the passenger seat was steady, familiar, the metronome of all of Dean’s many lives. “Take us home.”
“Wait,” Dean croaked out past the choking, beating thing at the base of his throat. “If you’re still handing out miracles . . .” Jack just looked at him blandly, expectantly. Dean dug down into that newly split-open place in himself and dragged out a single world. “Cas.”
Sam’s smile bloomed into a grin as Dean glanced over at him, and then softened again, looking speculative and cautiously hopeful.
“We aren’t home yet,” Dean argued, his eyes closed and his vision full of light.
He feels rather than hears Cas come up behind him, apparently having finished his conversation with the recalcitrant runner beans. Cas has been human long enough now to have picked up a lot of new habits - he snores, he leaves empty cups of tea in strange places, he mutters to himself under his breath when he’s reading in the evenings and drives Dean fucking insane - but he still moves as silently as a thing with wings, hollow-boned and never needing to touch the ground. Dean sometimes imagines him floating through the halls of the house when he isn’t looking, drifting like a leaf on the wind.
And Dean does know, is the thing. He knows how it looks, to Cas’ friends from the youth center and the guys at the garage, to the woman at the post-office who asks after Dean’s “young man” when he goes in to clear out their PO box, to strangers at the garden center who see Cas walking the aisles like a man on a pilgrimage while Dean pushes a cart along behind him in long-suffering silence. But Sam . . . Sam knows better, and him bringing it up like this feels uncharacteristically cruel considering how much of his life Sam has spent trying to be the kindness the world has never shown them.
“I do not do laundry,” Jack said dubiously, looking confused, and Sam laughed behind Dean’s shoulder, and Dean felt a bright surge of contentment in his bones, having most of his family in the same room again.
“Your help,” Dean repeated flatly. Cas huffed out a breath like a laugh, and Dean felt it in his bones.
“He said I could stay there, put down my burdens and rest, after all this time. Or that I could come to Heaven with him, to sit as his side, be restored to my former power, be the shepherd I always hoped to be. But . . .” Cas smiled now, with his eyes only, but Dean still felt it like a wash of sunshine on his face. “But I told him that, if I could truly choose, I would choose to go home. To you.”
“Why, Cas? You could have gone anywhere, done anything. You could have been with Jack. Why would you give that up?”
Eileen’s smile was brittle and beautiful and unafraid. Dean thought Sam had lucked out with her in a lot of ways, but that thread of bravery that ran like iron through her bones might be his favorite thing about her. Dean wrapped an arm around her thin shoulders and pressed a kiss to the top of her hair. He let her go far enough that she could see his lips again, but didn’t move his arm away.
“And so modest, too,” Eileen commented wryly, and allowed herself to be steered into the bunker, Dean’s arm around her like an anchor.
“Well, I was never very good at being one,” Cas reminded him wryly.
“Jalepenos and cream cheese,” Dean agreed through a grin. “Raincheck on the burgers, Sammy, but that’s not how it works here, anymore. No more memories, no more heavens that ain’t got all the people in ‘em that make heaven worth having. Jack stopped by on his way out of town and fixed things up, the way they should have been.” Dean didn’t  say who helped him. Cas’ name had felt like jagged metal in his mouth, in his head, back on Earth, and he’d gotten out of the habit of saying it if he could help it. It didn’t feel that way anymore, but he still held it back. Not exactly a secret, but the beat of anticipation before telling one.
“Yes, we are,” Cas replied, tightening his hands on Dean’s hip, on his shoulder.
“I know,” Sam agreed, sounding ancient. “I know the job needs to be done. I just wish we didn’t have to be the ones who always do it.”
“I didn’t know,” Dean admitted, feeling his lips curl into an old smile, once he hadn’t had a chance to use here yet. “I believed. And I learned that from you.”
“Peace, and the people you love,” Dean explained, easing around a turn. “No more boundaries, no more rules. Anything you want to do, anyone you want to see, it’s all here now, the way it should have been from the beginning.”
“It would have been better with you in it,” Sam said quietly. “I missed you. So much.”
Dean returns to the house with the four steaks he cooked to absolute perfection, and finds Sam setting out plates and cutlery while Cas and Eileen sign so quickly to each other that their hands are a blur between them. Sam watches Dean’s face like he’s expecting Dean to yell at him, maybe, or avoid him entirely, but Dean just looks back at him placidly. He nods his head in the direction of the silent conversation happening at the table.
After they watched Jack walk away through the world they’d saved together and into somewhere else entirely, Dean slid behind the wheel of the Impala and felt Baby settle in around him like an embrace. He was aware of the chassis dipping as Sam folded himself into the passenger seat, heard the tuneless screech of metal as the doors swung shut, watched his brother’s chest rise and fall, miraculous, still here. All his sensory inputs seemed to be in working order, but inside he felt strangely blank, full to bursting with air and light and absolutely nothing else, weightless, a hot air balloon more than a person. Instead of thoughts - about Jack, about Chuck, about anything at all - his head contained nothing but white noise and “it’s finally done.”
“Jack. He came to the Empty. It was out of balance, bulging with malignance, the opposite of peace. It was supposed to be a place of endings, not of torment. So Jack came, to make things right. And even though he’s . . . what he is now, he’s still Jack, underneath, and he still loves us, perhaps to his detriment. He found me there, and told me he wanted to give me what he’d given you: a chance to choose.”
But mostly, it was. It was waking up beside Cas’ gentle snoring. It was Sam and Eileen’s kids running rampant through their backyard, trampling Cas’ carefully-tended vegetable garden while Cas chased after them, beaming like the sun itself. It was Cas in the kitchen, a phone between his shoulder and ear while he talked some green hunter through the intricacies of smoking out a rugaru, Dean pressing a kiss to the juncture of his neck and shoulder while Cas smiled at the wallpaper.
“You could have done that in the Empty, if it’s as peaceful now as you say, ” Dean scoffed. “You could have been with your brothers and sisters, you could have stayed
“Then what the hell are you still doing in my car, man?” Dean asked, giving Sam’s shoulder a shove. “I want to hear everything, all of it, all the stuff you did and the people you knew and the things you loved. How The Mandalorian ended, how many versions of the iPhone they made, what stupid shit you taught your kid because I wasn’t around to tell him how wrong you were. But we got nothing but time for that, now. Go get your girl.”
“Well, that’s you told.” He always enjoys seeing Cas’ acerbic disapproval aimed at someone else. He transfers the last steak to Eileen’s plate and gives her an apologetic smile when she looks up at him mournfully. “Sorry gorgeous, only well-done for you until Dean Jr. is topside. Precious cargo.”
“My last one was a no-show,” she tells him in ASL and English. Dean’s signing is never going to be as good as Sam’s, and even Sam will never be able to follow Cas and Eileen when they start having silent, rapid-fire discussions about Beat Poets and invasive plant species and their mutual antipathy toward the woman who runs the honey stall at the farmer’s market, but she never seems to grow impatient with forming each sign slowly and clearly as she speaks while Dean follows her fingers like they’re sigils in a lore book he can memorize if he tries hard enough. “People are people all over, and no one likes to have serious conversations on a Friday when the sun is out.”
“To choose what?” Dean finally found the strength to turn his head, and there he was, windswept and weary, and Dean was too overwhelmed to even weep.
“Yes,” Cas agreed, steady and certain. “He learned that from you.”
“And we are not naming our child Dean Jr.” Sam protests for what might be the fiftieth time.
“Look around you, Dean,” Sam says, mirth in every line of his face. “We’re having Friday night dinner, like we do every week. We have 9-5’s and pay taxes and my wife is in there, petting your dog and talking about bees with your . . . with Cas.” Dean bristles at the pause, the brief correction, but Sam continues before he can do anything about it. “If this isn’t normal, what do you call it?”
A few weeks after the world almost ended, there was a vamp hunt, and Dean took about a foot of rebar to the chest.
.” Dean felt a weight lift off his chest, so heavy he felt lighter than air in its wake. “The angels . . . they stopped being my family the day I realized I found a new one. I existed for millennia, but I only truly lived when I walked the Earth beside . . . all of you.” Dean thought he’d been about to say something else. “I wanted to spend eternity with the people I loved, the ones who taught me how.”
“Yes.” The word sounded like a smile, and Dean felt it in his bones.
Jack’s smile turned nearly incandescent.
“Yeah,” Sam agreed quietly. He cleared his throat. “So, where to, Dean? That Christmas in Ypsilanti, after the pagan gods? The diner in Nevada, with the burgers, remember? The ones with the . . .”
When he pulls off the county road and onto his own property, Dean feels a sensation in his chest like taking a deep breath after being underwater too long. When he’d first bought the house, it had looked like a strong wind would tumble it into the ground, and it still has a sort of shabbiness to it that Dean’s not sure he’ll ever be able to eradicate and isn’t sure he’d want to if he could. As he rolls Baby to stop on the gravel drive, though, he isn’t really seeing the loose shingles near the edge of the roof or the half-finished siding he’s been replacing in his spare time. Instead, his eyes find the workbench where Cas’ growing collection of plant pots and seed trays and vaguely-ominous garden implements is heaped, the front porch he and Sam had restored this spring and the wicker chairs he’d gotten in trade for a tuneup of their neighbor’s tractor, the cheerful, bright-pink mailbox Eileen had given them as a housewarming present with a wicked smile on her face while Cas thanked her sincerely and Dean bit his tongue and glared daggers at her. It looks like so much more than a house that Dean is briefly too overwhelmed to get out of the car, but he pushes the moment away and heads inside.
Sam was still standing gobsmacked, silent, but Dean felt something crack open in his chest: the place where he had sealed away a very specific kind of hope so the flame of it couldn’t burn him alive. He leapt up from his chair before Jack could zap himself off to some distant plane of existence and out of their lives.
“Your dog is picking up your bad habits,” Cas observes ruefully as he bends to scratch behind one floppy ear. “Gluttony. Deceit. Next thing you know, he’ll be defying minor deities and getting blasphemously attached to the car.” Miracle looks up at him like he hung the moon, and Dean feels a surge of sympathy in his chest for his own stupid mutt. “One breakfast only,” Cas orders sternly, and the dog responds with a joyful bark.
“Good morning, Dean,” Cas’ eyes are warm and fond, and his hair is sticking to his neck like an oil slick, black and silver and wet against his skin. The feeling in Dean’s chest has been there too long to be alarming, but it’s still uncomfortable, like a puzzle with a few pieces shoved in wrong. Cas goes to the fridge and pulls out a bottle of water, chugging half of it down in one go, throat glinting in the sun as he swallows.
“It’s a good room.” It takes Dean a minute to realize he wasn’t the one who said it. Cas is studying the ceiling with a small smile on his face, looking tired and content and like he can’t imagine anything better than this shabby house in the middle of nowhere, Kansas, and Dean feels something crack in his chest: the first warning creak of a dam about to break. He thinks: “Maybe. Maybe we could.” And then he thinks: “what the fuck what the fuck what the
“Look, my brother is a huge nerd and a pain in the ass, but he’s the best man I know. You could make him happy, and he deserves it. But he could make you happy too. I think he wants to, if you’ll let him.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, Dean, not for you. For
“Hey, buddy.” Miracle pants at him happily and nudges his head against Dean’s hand, then pads along behind him as Dean makes his way back to his room. Dean dresses quickly, stepping into his coveralls and running a thumb over the name patch above his heart as he zips them up. He glances at the mirror above his dresser before he heads downstairs, studying the  way his hair is long enough now to flop over his forehead like it belongs to someone else, and wonders how long it will be until he stops expecting to see a soldier staring back at him.  With a sigh he would deny if anyone else but Miracle had been around to hear it, Dean goes in search of coffee.
“So,” Sam begins, too casual. “Met any nice emergency contacts lately?” Dean very manfully doesn’t spit his mouthful of beer across the grass, but it’s a close thing.
“Yes,” Cas’s voice rumbled over his bones like the Impala over the highways of the world. “Dean . . . The choice I made. It was a human life I was choosing, not an angelic one, and I made that choice before I heard what you said. I chose it knowing it was finite, and that the thing I truly want . . . that it might not be mine, to ask for. You . . . you don’t have to. I’m staying, in whatever capacity you’ll have me. I chose it. There are no strings.”
“Cas?”
“Tell me this is a bad idea,” she said softly, almost pleading. “Tell me I can’t pack up my whole life and move into a secret lair with the three guys who saved the world, because that is something a crazy person would do.”
“So you’re, what? Human now?”
“Yeah,” Sam replied, blinking slowly. His voice sounded strange, shivery and hollow and yet somehow bright, like a bell waiting to be struck. “It’s Eileen. She’s . . . Jack brought her back. She wants . . . She’s driving now, should be here by the morning.” He smiled, like the sun coming up. “Dean, she wants to stay.”
Cas made a noise like a sob, but not a sob, and he was smiling again. Dean unwrapped his other hand from the untouched glass of whiskey he still held and settled it over their grasping fingers. Cas carefully did the same, and Dean finally felt like he was touching enough of him.
“And you were right, too, about me. I’m not what they thought I was, Cas, not any of them. I had a chance to kill Chuck, to pay him back for everyone he hurt and everything he did. He was powerless at my feet. He asked me to. And I didn’t. I didn’t, because I knew you thought I was better than that.” Dean felt the tears he’d been fighting off since the lakeshore flood back, and decided to let them, just this once. “You changed me too, you know. Before . . . before, I wouldn’t have hesitated. I would have been every bad thing they ever thought I was.”
Dean sits on the steps of the deck until the steaks are ready to be turned over, and he does.
Dean stood up on limbs that didn’t feel like his own, took a few tentative steps toward the door where Cas stood silhouetted by the afternoon sun.
“Fair enough. Hey, that means I’ll get your pie, right?”
“Awesome,” Dean said softly with a strange facial expression Cas could not decipher because Dean looked everywhere but him all of a sudden, one hand gripping his beer as if his life depended on it while the other hand had not so casually fallen out of view below the table, presumably into Dean’s lap.
“I thought so. Tell me what you want.”
Dean, wide eyed and barely breathing, licked his lips. Cas felt his vessel move, seemingly without any permission, and Dean wasn’t running away, although part of Cas thought maybe he should, or maybe it was Cas who should stop and try to resist. Or maybe-
“I wonder… how does it taste?” Cas murmured. “Is your mouth salty? Buttery from the popcorn? Is there still a trace of sweet vanilla or cinnamon?” His fingers slid out again, but didn’t return. Instead, he brushed his fingertip along Dean’s lip again.
Dean ignored him, but Cas didn’t allow it.
“Sure, Sam,” Mary replied. She flopped down in an empty chair and opened the top pizza box, not waiting for anyone else. “Hello, Castiel,” she said, greeting the angel who was sitting quietly across from her, his book still open in front of him.
Finally, Cas spoke. “You didn’t get to finish your dessert.”
“Y-yeah.”
Dean let his lips part a little more, his heart pounding in anticipation. He watched Cas, but Cas’ eyes were on his mouth, his gaze rapt. He slid the tip of his finger into Dean’s mouth, pushed past his teeth, and rested it on his tongue, paused there for a moment, before stroking lightly.
The oven dinged, interrupting his train of thought.
“Dude, where is the bacon?” Dean turned away from the stove, looking rumbled and adorable in his dead guy robe, his mouth parted in righteous indignation.
“Awesome,” he smiled at Cas, which turned into a different sort of agony. Had Dean always been this gorgeous? “Hey, Cas, can you pass the salt please?”
When Dean called Sam for dinner, Castiel decided to stay put in the library for his sanity. It also gave him time to analyze the situation before it spun out of control.
“I’m right. Right?” Dean grinned.
Cas shot him a glare.
To make matters worse, Dean gave him a look that Castiel couldn’t decipher because all the blood inside his body had rushed to his groin and thinking was so hard when you were preoccupied with what was undeniably a state of intense arousal. Cas fervently wished he had thought this through before acting on impulse. But he had still been caught up in that, for want of a better word, game they had played in the library, and now he had snookered himself.
“Hm?” Dean asked. He was about to start the engine when he caught Cas’ expression.
Cas had had carnal relations with women which had involved significantly more touching, and yet, they paled in comparison. Maybe it was because this was a man? Or maybe...oh, who was he kidding, it was because this was Dean Winchester, and Cas wanted more. More of whatever this was. But how? He couldn’t very well put his finger on Dean’s lips whenever he said something stupid which would admittedly be very frequently, but even Dean wasn’t that dense. He would know something was up. No, this involved careful observation...and subtlety.
“Dean. Please
“Well, I was gonna check out that new show on Netflix. Wanna hang out and watch with me?” Dean asked, biting his lower lip. And just like that Cas’ composure was half-shot again. He should refuse, retreat and gather his thoughts. That’s what a smart angel, a warrior of heaven would have done. But what came out of Cas’ mouth instead was, “Okay, I’ll make the popcorn.”
Sam rolled his eyes at them. “Uh-hn. Whatever! Just...figure it out before I get back.”
“I’ve always wanted to… to trace the path of your tongue. Learn the shape of your mouth, not just by sight, but by feel, by…” He paused. “Hm. May I?”
It was intense, and a little hard to resist, and he’d freaked out a little.
With a sigh, Dean’s forehead fell forward, his whole body still trembling. He hummed into Cas’ shoulder when lips brushed against his temple, whispering, “You’re amazing, Dean.”
“I do,
problem. Dean had been aware he’d felt something a little… other… than friendly towards Castiel for a long time now. Since Purgatory if not even longer. Maybe even the first time he’d seen him, blasting into that barn in a shower of sparks, radiating a kind of otherworldly power that had terrified Dean, but had also sent a thrill of electricity down his spine that had never really gone away, even with everything that had happened between them in the years since.
“Are you ok?”
Cas tried to look away, he really did, but that was a tall order for a vaguely reformed not totally angelic being who had always felt
, I do.”
“Yes,” Dean panted.
“You know, Dean, I’ve always admired the shape of your mouth. It’s quite… symmetrical.” He ran a fingertip along the bow of Dean’s upper lip as he spoke, then brushed it over the bottom lip. “Sometimes, I see you lick your lips, when you’re nervous, or sometimes when I forget and stand too close. Did you know you did that, Dean?”
Dean frowned. “What?”
“You like my hands.”
Dean nodded. Cas hand stopped halfway. It was his turn to gasp.
“I thought it was gonna be like The Matrix or something. Sorry.” He let out a laugh that seemed awkward even to himself.
“There are a number of water-dwelling creatures that have preferences for children. It may take some time to rule it out. What was the description?” Cas asked.
“Dean,” Cas repeated. “Look at me.” His voice was a command that Dean had no choice but to obey. “You seem a little stressed.” Dean nodded. “Shh. Calm down. Take a breath.”
“Open your jeans for me,” Cas ordered and Dean scrambled to comply. He popped the buttons and shoved his boxers out of the way until he had freed his cock with a sigh. He was about to give it a stroke when Cas said, “Stop.” Dean gave him an almost panicked look and slowly removed his hands.
“Open my pants.”
“Well, I did kill one before,” Dean boasted.
“What did you do?” Dean looked fascinated and disgusted at the same time, and Cas metaphorically patted himself on the back, because not only was the story distracting Dean, it was also a great boner killer.
Cas sucked his breath through his teeth when Dean parted those lips. Their eyes locked. Slowly, Dean stuck the pie into his mouth and groaned around the fork before he slowly pulled it out.
“Do you know how long I’ve wanted to touch you like this, Dean? To see you… I never thought I could see you like this, not for me.” His voice was low and rough, shaking. “And here you are, and you’re so perfect. So good.” He pushed at Dean’s mouth until it was open, waiting. He let his tongue hang out slightly, let his hands slide from Cas’ knees to his thighs.
“The whole body, or just the head?” Sam asked.
What if he’d told him to go to his knees? Told him to open his mouth, to let him slide his fingers inside, his tongue, his -
Another spoonful for Dean, then one for Cas. He was standing so close that one leg had slotted between Dean’s, and Dean had somehow shifted slightly to accommodate him.
Cas’ fingers wove into Dean’s hair, and he draped his arm over his lap, and for once, Dean fell into a dreamless sleep.
Cas paused. His head tilted slightly to the side and his eyes narrowed.
Dean and Cas flinched so hard, Dean knocked the plate off the table. It shattered.
“Shut up, jerk.”
“Dean, have I ever told you about how one of my vessels ended up in all four corners of the Akkadian Empire at the same time?”
“It’s so warm. Slick. Do you want two?”
“Uhm, sorry sir, but you got...,” Their waiter pointed to his own nose and then at Dean who took a few seconds to cotton on before he made a silent “oh”, and used the napkin to wipe away the last bits of foam.
“Me too,” Cas whispered, and moved that final distance.
Dean let out a little strangled sound. Frankly, he was proud of himself for even managing to do that.
Dean’s eyes fell to Cas’ mouth. “You… you can…”
Something that sounded suspiciously like a whimper snapped Cas’ attention to Dean, who was squirming in his seat, eyes fixed on Cas’ hand until he noticed he was being watched. Dean tried to smile and failed, nostrils flaring, if released the obvious tension in Dean’s shoulders could have catapulted him straight up to heaven. Metaphorically speaking, of course.
“Dean!” Sam and Cas both warned, simultaneously.
Dean felt something twist in his chest, not pain, but something like pride. A warm swell of pleasure that he could do this one thing for Cas.
“Woah, dude!” Sam yelled. “You’re cleaning that up.”
“Do you mind giving me some space?” Dean sounded gruff and although he had that lovely crimson blush across the bridge of his nose again, he also sounded angry somehow.
Usually, his body was under his control. His grace, weak as it was these days, maintained the vessel without any need for ablutions or sustenance. He sometimes showered because he liked the sensation of warm water on skin. Just like he drank coffee or beer because he enjoyed it; a leftover from when he had been fully human. An indulgence. A guilty pleasure. Only neither of these things made him feel guilty. There was just pleasure, pure and simple.
. Dean.
“Can I taste you?”
Eons passed, civilizations rose and destroyed themselves, mountains eroded, the oceans rose and fell, or all of that might as well have happened for all Castiel cared. The only thing that mattered any more was Dean, and Dean’s mouth, and what it was doing to him. It felt as if there was a direct link between his cock and his finger. The same finger Dean was taking his sweet time sucking clean. There hadn’t been that much ice cream left, and yet Cas’ finger was still in Dean’s mouth as if it belonged there.
“Ahh,” Cas said. “Just one moment.” He found the right page and stopped. “It sounds like… yeah. It’s probably a-”
Mary didn’t meet his eye, although she glanced at Sam guiltily before turning back to her beer bottle and picking a bit at the label. “I’m sorry, Dean. I promised Wally I’d meet up with him tomorrow. He’s got a case that’s giving him a bit of trouble down in Georgia, and since the bunker was on the way, I figured I’d pop in. I wanna get back on the road first thing tomorrow morning.”
“Please, Dean, for me,” Cas said, surprising himself with how calm he sounded as if his heart wasn’t beating 100 miles a minute and he wasn’t a second away from just throwing Dean on the couch to do things to him they were both not ready for. However, Dean saved them from that fate by agreeing to the terms with another, “I’ll try. Just please- oh
It was the closest Cas had come to seeing Dean’s soul in a long, long time when Dean came hot and messy between them. They were filthy and sticky. The room looked like a battlefield with clothes and popcorn absolutely everywhere, and Cas wanted to do it all over again, just for another glimpse.
Dean’s eyes snapped open. He let the finger go with a wet plop that shouldn’t be hot, but really, really was. Dean cleared his throat and shifted slightly which dragged Cas’ focus back to their proximity, and the state of his vessel. There was barely half a step between them and his cock was so hard, he wasn’t sure he’d be able to walk straight.
Dean walked into the library, carrying a plate full of pie and a fork. Oh, this was so unfair! He wasn’t done thinking this through.
“No, thank you, Mary. Although I enjoyed pizza during my brief stint as a human, unfortunately, I find it rather tasteless these days.”
“Night,” Dean called from the doorway, shortly after Sam and Mary had gone to bed.
“You’re doing so well, Dean.” And just like this the slide over Dean’s cock got easier as more fluid leaked along the shaft. Cas tightened his grip and watched Dean flush crimson, his head resting against the back of the couch, exposing the thick muscles in his neck, chest heaving. So lovely. So beautiful.
Cas narrowed his eyes at him. “That is what I was going to say, yes.”
If he had known Dean could be like this, he would have done this years ago. His mind was soaring, every fibre of his being seemed to vibrate with delicious tension, and he already didn’t know how he would ever not want this. Although, given how Dean looked at him, that would probably not be a problem.
He was grinning as he loaded everything into the backseat of the Impala, and he felt much better about his day.
Dean licked his lips involuntarily, and Cas sucked in a quick breath.
“Did you want me to do it again?” Somehow Cas’ voice had dropped to a depth somewhere in the vicinity of the Cage, and Dean realized that his ability to resist the pure
? Cas thought with a tilt of his head, momentarily lost in the thought. When Dean slammed the mug on the table, Cas looked and then did a classic double-take.
. The sound reminded him of an incubus he had met in the Akkadian Empire during the Sargonic dynasty.
“Excellent. But you’re not to find release until I say you can. Will you do that for me, Dean?”
“Y-yeah,” he choked out.
Cas returned to the map room, a heavy book in his hands. He stopped next to Dean and set it on the table, flipping it open.
“Okay, guys, what’s up with you?”
Like for example watching Dean Winchester’s mouth wrap around every bone - nibbling, sucking - while sticky sauce ran all the way onto his fingers. Fingers that had to be cleaned by said mouth, one by one, in long, wet slides, leaving Cas well and truly hot and bothered.
“Shut up, bitch.”
“Where’re you going?” Dean asked.
“Is it good?” Cas asked, a few bites in.
“Whatever, bitch. Let us know if you need a hand.”
An extra pair of eyes couldn’t hurt, though, Dean figured. There were only so many times he could pore over their dusty copy of “Angels and their Vessels” before his eyes crossed permanently.
“Not yet,” he stopped moving and Dean
His lips were dry, but soft, as they brushed gently against Dean’s. It was a feather light kiss, barely there, but he followed it with his tongue, sliding along the path his finger had taken earlier, and Dean opened again to him. Cas took the invitation he’d been offered and tasted him, running his tongue gently along Dean’s teeth and the inside of his lip, before finally tilting his head to the side and kissing him fully.
And yeah, he panicked again, setting the popcorn on the floor and grabbing desperately for the remote, which slipped out of his buttery fingers and landed on Cas’ lap. Dean tried to pick it up and somehow grabbed Cas’ crotch instead before he finally managed to pick up the remote, aim it at the tv, and pause the show.
There was a lovely shade of pink stretching across the bridge of Dean’s nose all the way to his ears. It made him look, for want of a better word, vulnerable, and something about that made Cas’ pulse speed up.
“That’s fine, Mom,” Sam piped up. The traitor. “So what’s your case?”
And that reminded him he was a little short on lube, so he sent Cas for toothpaste so he could grab a tube and shove it under the other bottles without him noticing.
“You need a-” Cas started again.
This time Cas didn’t hesitate. He lifted his hand. Dean startled, but didn’t fight it, as Cas brushed over Dean’s lower lip and outward, swiping away the remnants of chicken wings and his own sanity. Dean’s chin sagged as he watched Cas stick the thumb into his own mouth to lick off the sauce.
“There will be other pies, Dean,” Cas said softly, deliberately opening his hands.
Cas’ eyes dropped to Dean’s mouth.
“Eating pie,” Dean replied with fake innocence. Something hot pooled in the pit of Cas’ stomach.
“So beautiful.”
He sat next to Cas for a while, only half paying attention as a bunch of random hot people on the TV all had some weird visions about a woman who kind of reminded Dean of his mom. The popcorn was on his lap, and he nibbled on it absently while stealing glances at Cas, who stared at the screen with unflinching attention.
When Cas glanced down, he saw the head of Dean’s cock poking over the top of his waistband, glistening with moisture. He stared at it before searching for Dean’s eyes.
“I want to come,” he sounded absolutely wrecked, muscles trembling under Cas’ touch. “Won’t take much.”
“Yeah.”
Cold days called for warm meals, and Dean had everything he needed for a pot of chicken soup. It was much easier to concentrate in the kitchen, away from Cas, and soon he was humming as he chopped carrots and diced onions, stirred the simmering broth, and rolled out dough for biscuits to go on the side.
“I can’t believe you got him to shut up, Cas. You’ll have to teach me how to do that.”
“Dean, look at me.”
“What’s going on?”
“Yes, Dean?”
Dean’s lips parted faintly and he breathed out a little through his mouth. Out, then back in again, and Cas’ finger shifted, pressed more firmly and slid down slightly, causing Dean’s lower lip to open a bit further. Cas’ finger dragged downwards, and Dean could feel it brush against the inside of his lip.
Very interesting.
“Whaddaya doin’?” Dean asked, still chewing as Cas rose to his feet.
“Yes.” Cas felt a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. He brushed his hand over his face to hide it.
Somehow Dean got through the rest of the day. Cas rested his arm on the windowsill on the drive home, his fingers loosely curled. His other hand on his thigh tapped along with Dean’s cassette. When they got back, they carried in the groceries and Dean bullied Sam into putting everything away with a strict warning not to touch his leftover pie.
,” Cas said.
Cas just glared at him for a moment, his fingertip pressed to Dean’s lips, and Dean’s brain immediately stopped functioning. Cas had his finger. On Dean’s mouth. His
“You gonna go wash up, Cas? You touched literally everything in that Walmart.”
Something wild writhed in Cas’ chest. Dean was hot and needy and
It wasn’t just the fingers, Dean realized. It was that irritated
“You’ve been so good for me, Dean,” Cas whispered, still high from his orgasm, kissing along Dean’s shoulder up to his jaw, his hands gliding over Dean’s chest and abs. “I think you deserve a reward. Would you like that?”
“A taser. You can definitely taser it. Zap zap.”
from Dean.
“Ah, well…” Cas folded his hands in front of him, a grounding exercise to help him concentrate on the here and now. He forced his head to turn toward Mary as he started to relay the few bits and pieces he had been able to puzzle together about the bloody bones.
“That’s good. You’re so good.” Cas slid his fingers out of Dean’s mouth and shuffled closer, before pressing two fingers to Dean’s lips. “That’s right. Let me in. You’re doing so well, Dean. So good for me.” He slid his two fingers back in. Dean could taste the popcorn. He pushed his tongue between the two fingers, stroked them both, swirled around in a figure-eight. Cas pulled out a little and pushed back in, again, then a third time, and more. Dean found himself caught in the hypnotic rhythm of it, and responded, sucking and licking in time with each gentle thrust and slow withdrawal. Cas was fucking his mouth with his hand, Dean realized, and he fucking loved it. He couldn’t get enough.
“Would you like me to stop?”
Dean’s eyes went wide before he dug into his chicken wings, and a whole new world of agony/amazing opened up in front of Cas. He barely noticed the return of Ricky who stayed just long enough to leave the pie. Maybe he had sensed he had overstepped some boundaries, or maybe it was because Dean seemed to be laser-focused on his food. Either way, he was gone and good riddance. It meant there were no more unnecessary distractions while Cas watched Dean devour the wings. The very saucy, sticky, messy wings. Cas hadn’t really thought this through. He was suddenly acutely aware that his vessel had very human reactions to certain…
The tip of Dean’s tongue darted out and licked off the foam everywhere except the tip of his nose. He probably didn’t even know he was doing it. He certainly didn’t know what it was doing to Cas.
Cas was getting Dean’s
Oh, it was on!
It was barely an hour later when Dean heard the door open. When Mary’s boots appeared on the steps leading down to the map room, he stood up, meeting her at the bottom and taking the pizza boxes from her, before offering her a quick, one-armed hug.
Because for a minute there? It seemed like Cas had been into it.
There! Oh my…
But this thing with Cas’ hands, that was definitely new. Suddenly, all he could think about when he looked at Cas was what it would feel like to have Cas push those long fingers past his lips. Holding his gaze as he told Dean to suck. Dean wanted to do it.
to touch him already.
“I just got a text from Mom, she says she’s on her way here, and wants to know if she should bring pizza,” Sam announced.
“Unfortunately,” Cas sighed.
“I should think so. But I wasn’t possessing him any more at the time. I feel bad about that sometimes.”
“My vessel, he was dragged and quartered.”
Sam murmured something and Cas responded, breaking Dean out of his trance. He turned his eyes back to his book, biting on his pen cap as he tried to focus. But as several more minutes passed with no further progress, he finally had to throw in the towel. He was better off elsewhere. Rising suddenly, he mumbled his excuses and headed into the kitchen to start supper.
Maybe it was wishful thinking, but he could have sworn Dean kept glancing at him out of the corner of his eyes.
Then there was Dean with his bratty, gorgeous mouth and his strange fixation on Cas’ hands. It made Cas want to touch him again every time he caught Dean staring. He wanted to feel those lips under his fingertips and take control before Dean could ruin the moment. He...he wanted to see what else he could possibly make Dean do with his mouth.
Number one, Dean’s mouth was driving him crazy. Whether the man was talking, or eating, or smiling, or feeling soft and warm under Cas’ touch… Which led to number two, his vessel was reacting to aforementioned crazy in ways that were both distracting and unnerving.
“Good,” Cas said and Dean’s cock twitched in response, releasing more fluid.
“Sure,” Cas heard himself say. He had not blinked ever since Dean had turned around, his eyes were watering. But the universe was merciful this morning, and Dean took his thumb out of his mouth before he sat next to Sam at the table.
Dean frowned. “Okay, but apple pie and beer?”
And as soon as it started, it was over. Cas’ finger was gone, and Dean opened his eyes and blinked, the light of the room suddenly blinding.
“It’s soft. Hm. Sometimes your mouth looks hard, but not right now. Right now it’s open for me. Open more.”
Dean sat down next to Cas and reached across the table to grab a slice of pizza, stuffing half of it in his mouth in one bite to avoid saying anything. Sam was a little more restrained, sliding the top box off the stack and looking in the second one. He was probably looking for vegan pizza or something, the nerd, and he must have found it, because he took a slice and sat back down, thanking Mary with a smile.
There was no way Cas could move right now or Dean would get an eyeful of what all that ice cream eating had done to him, and he wasn’t sure whether their friendship would survive the fallout. So what could he do? Stall! He had to distract Dean somehow.
“A demon of sin who visited the king’s daughters every night until I put an end to him.”
Interesting.
“She hasn’t had a lot of experience with angels in general, let alone archangels,” Sam replied doubtfully. “I don’t know how much help she’ll be.”
“Wai-, wait. You did something, and then your vessel got the blame for it?”
“I want to see it. I want to see your mouth on-”
Slowly, Cas raised his hand until it was eye level, brushing his thumb against the pad of his pointer. He closed his eyes.
Dean leered. “And they showed you their gratitude all night until your vessel was worn out and the king found you in the bedroom in the morning? What a way to go, man!”
