Tony waved off his concern. “Couples fight some time, Peter. Right now I am just letting him enjoy the beauty of the silent treatment.”
After hours of homework both resolved to go to the main floor and just relax. They were soon joined by Natasha, Clint, and Bruce. All of them wanted to know why they were home so early and Harley quickly filled them in. Natasha narrowed her eyes, but said nothing. Instead choosing to leave the room for about an hour. When she returned she was pulling an agitated Tony and in his arms was a red and gold journal.
Steve hated all of the covering up, but Tony hadn’t wanted his face to be in the spotlight any longer than he had. He knew that if he was to be brought in a light like this, there would be demand for interviews, documentaries, and just anyone wanting to get the story that was hot at the moment.
How come he couldn’t get out!
“No,” Tony mumbled into his pillowcase. “Not…going…to…sleep,” he said each word punctuated by a yawn.
Ryder looked back, “Benedici il CMPNY.”
“Mr. Mean Bad One make baba look scared,” Miles said. His wide eyes were full of terror and unshed tears as he pulled on the pants leg of Steve. “Mr. Steve. Mr. Steve.” Then he turned to Natasha. “Aunt Natasha please.”
Steve’s smiled widened to the point where his cheeks were hurting. There was little to no doubt that Tony might have said no, but goodness was it wonderful seeing Tony’s lips form the word
Steve was content to let him look for a bit and chose to uncross his hands from his chest and ran one through his hair. Tony’s voice stopped him from doing the motion halfway.
"Haven't eaten much", Peter protested, but he let himself be carried to the bathroom without complaints. Soon enough he was in his bed and Steve gave him a good night kiss before he winked at Tony who took over now and left the room.
“Good.” And then Tony leaned up and kissed him. Steve had seen it coming, he was an idiot but not
First over his neck, slowly massaging him a little until he practically melted into Steve and then caressing down his back; following the line of his spine.
Steve quickly found a rhythm that was so torturously slow that Tony let out a moan with every exhale, quiet little sounds that Steve loved. He used his tongue to tease the head of Tony's cock every time he bobbed his head up, his hands holding Tony's hips in place when he moved down and swallowed around the hard length.
Steve's entire body was shaking from his burst of laughter, he didn't even manage to kiss Tony properly because he was laughing so hard. "Oh my god", he gasped out when he could breathe again and wiped a tear from his eye. "Did you really just start screaming about some perfectly harmless plants right after sex? You're adorable. I love you so much, you idiot."
"Gosh, Tony, yes." Steve held Tony down for a moment before easily lifting him up so he was in position while Steve got on his back. Tony's fingers dug into Steve's arms while he just dangled there in the air, his cock leaking a drop of precome and his hole wet with lube and waiting to be filled. "Jesus, I love when you do that super strength thing."
Ryder didn’t particularly like that response. From there on, he became increasingly suspicious of Tony’s responses to him. It seemed like that month away had changed some things and he hadn’t even known what Steve had told Tony.
Tony wiped at his face and pouted at Steve. “I’ll find out how many. Hmm, and here I was thinking I was the true playboy. My, my, my. What a world we live in. Oh fairest of them all…”
Tony laughed all of a sudden.
“Um, well Ryder came in shortly after we sat down and reminded Tony that they had a date so,” Steve trailed of as he stared at his shoes. “I mean Tony definitely would rather be here than with Ryder, but I understand not wanting to let Ryder down in public. Though I wished that Ryder was out of the picture sooner than later. I mean this night was going to be really good, the start of something I could tell.”
“Yeah, it has.”
Steve kept his hand over Tony’s, realizing that even in sleep Tony’s hand seemed to be in constant movement. His own mouth tilted upward in a smile, knowing that one of the many things Tony would want to do as soon as he woke up would be to go to his lab.
“Sleep well Tony because when we get to the estate we are going to have so much fun and I would hate for you not to be awake,” Ryder sang.
“Where are we?” Tony rasped, his voice sore from trying to argue his case in the car.
Tony sniffed and cleared his throat. “That’s not true.”
Tony stood up offering Karen his hand in order to help pull her up. Karen followed him and they were led to one of the playrooms. The buildings were all placed up against the wall. The kids themselves were sitting down in the room, bodies full of unrestrained energy.
Steve nodded to himself, getting out of his chair and punching Isak straight clean across his face. He kept punching, until he felt blood come back on his hand. His hands pressed tightly against Isak’s throat and felt it spasm with how much he was trying to gasp for breathe.
Steve held his hands between his. “No, I want…I need to know. I promised I will listen. I’m not leaving and you don’t have to keep it in. Had to be silent about it for too long, yeah? Don’t have to be silent anymore.”
“I know. I guess I’m just concerned,” Peter admitted softly, quickly adverting his eyes. “I mean I know that like you’re an adult and can take care of yourself…but I’m the type of person that I get close to people quick. And you’re family now. So I just…I don’t know. I just want to make sure you’re safe, you know? Cause when I visited you I remember Rhodey cursing out the Avengers and telling me that they were the reason you were laid up in your bed like that.”
Tony leaned forward bracing his elbows on his thighs.
“Sorry he heard Mr. Stark was here and wanted to come out of his bedroom,” the nineteen-year old volunteer, Jaime, said. “I tried reaching him, but those little legs have some speed on them. I can take him back to his room now.”
“Tony. I need to leave,” Steve said. “Let’s not make this hard.”
“Stark-”
Tucking one leg under his bottom, Rhodey leaned forward and spoke softly just so that his words wouldn’t travel to Tony. “No, you’re not. I mean the man goes off to Harvard without a word and Tony after that was just…well distraught for a while. They didn’t exactly leave off being buddies. Now suddenly he’s back. I mean sure reunions or whatnot. And I mean I know he had a crush on Tony. That was obvious every time we would come down to visit.”
Tony used to think it was so charming. He used to dream about making that small easy smirk cross Ryder’s features.
Fury looked back and curled back the thoughts of, “What have I done?”
“Look Tony, if you need distance from us…we can go. Just let us know.”
So now he only opened his eyes when something blocked his sunlight.
Tony poked Steve and tried to murder him with his gaze. "Stop laughing!"
Tony didn’t reply. Instead, he took the step towards Steve. “I wish I could hate you.” With intent, Tony put his hands on Steve’s chest.
Steve laughed and opened the strawberry one. “Believe me, you had more than enough reasons to. And it’s not like... it had any effect.” He tried to hide his smile by eating a large spoonful of strawberry icecream.
When Tony started to kiss down over Steve's jaw again, Steve remembered through the warm fuzzy feeling his husband induced that he had come up to try and get him into the sea as well.
“You did”, Tony said. “You went into the time stream and you came back out. No matter what you experienced in the mean time, you’re still you. It’s still you who I wanted to punch in the face for what you did to me every time I saw your face after Civil War. It’s still you who I want to ki–“ Tony cut himself off. The fragility that had softened his features disappeared and the hard lines were back. “Nevermind.”
Steve smirked and blew a kiss to Tony before they both concentrated on the matter on hand: Tony sank down on Steve's dick, moaning when it stretched him that little bit more to make him feel extra good.
Clutching to Steve's broad shoulders they moved against each other, feeling each other's body heat and the familiar sensation of skin sliding against skin. Steve adjusted the angle a little so their cocks touched every time and they grew more desperate; Tony's hands gripping Steve's ass and trying to control the movement but Steve wasn't having any of it.
One evening Rhodey came around and Tony roped Steve into cooking a fancy roast with a billion side dishes until Steve burned his finger on the oven roast. He made it through the evening with a band aid on his poor finger as if super soldier healing hadn’t taken care of it immediately and even let Tony take off the band aid in the bathroom after Rhodey had left.
"Oi, already impatient?" Usually Steve was the more dominant one during their bedroom activities, but he enjoyed it when Tony decided to take the lead from time to time. This came with incredible amounts of teasing, though, and while Steve loved that, he also hated it.
Perking up, Steve asked hopeful: “Both?”
"Oh, so you like them?" Steve grinned and slowly grinded down against Tony, making sure the fabric would rub over Tony's skin nicely.
Tony’s good mood seemed to evaporate immediately. “Oh.”
When Steve bit the inside of Tony’s thigh, Tony exclaimed a loud: “Ah, fuck me, Steve! Please, baby, please, I need it, I’ve wanted this for so long.”
"You're so beautiful", Steve whispered when he pulled back for air. "This nature stuff here is amazing and all but there is nothing in the entire universe that I would rather look at than you."
Steve’s attention snapped back to Tony’s face when he said: “I told you so. There’s only one you.”
Tony snorted and crossed his arms, staring down at the supersoldier sitting on  his floor in just a shirt and his jeans and a tiny duffle bag on his back.
“I’m actually not! He’s doing good. You’re a good teacher.” Tony winked at Steve – but still got up and walked next to where Peter was swimming. Steve may have his stupid superpower and would be able to get to their son quicker but still. Just in case.
"God I love you so much," Steve breathed and pulled Tony up for a kiss. Tony kissed back and still managed to mumble a cheeky answer into Steve's mouth, even though his tongue muffled it significantly: "Good thing you put a ring on it, then."
"I'll tell you a secret though", Steve groaned, trying to pull back to get out of the spell Tony could so easily put on him with just a batting of eye lashes and that smirk. "If you come with me I'll suck you off."
Tony looked so soft and vulnerable with the way he looked at Steve. “What do you mean that wasn’t you?”
Tony laughed, Steve's excitement spreading to him when he saw the beaming smile on his face. "Well then, show the way, you manatee."
Nodding, Tony had looked intently at Steve. “He explained it like he cauterised a wound in the time stream. Or like gluing the holes we poked into the time stream shut.” Tony had smiled a sad little smile. “You won’t be able to go back where you came from except by aging, like the rest of us.”
“The question should be if you’re alright”, she replied, her voice breaking over the words. “I mean, I know you’re not, that’s obvious, obviously!” Her antennae trembled and when Tony reached for her she immediately moved backwards. “Please don’t touch me again”, she whispered. Mantis couldn’t look Tony in the eye, she couldn’t comprehend how he was surviving under the burden he was carrying around.
"I was sunbathing!", Tony complained, but he made now grabby hands for Steve; apparently accepting his fate of getting cold salt water all over himself.
While Steve laughed, Peter only scrunched his nose up. “No, dad! I really like swimming but… that sounds horrible!”
Steve could feel his heart beating fast, so fast, he was sure Tony could feel it. “I don’t want you to hate me.”
"You're lucky you already got me because that was the worst come on I've ever heard. And-", he raised his finger when Tony was already opening his mouth to protest, "and I've heard a lot of bad ones from you."
“Oh!”, Mantis made, a choked sound ripped out of her throat and she turned her big, dark eyes onto the man who had caught her. “Mister Stark”, she whispered, blinking rapidly before she closed her eyes against the intensity of the feeling she picked up from Tony where he was touching her.
"Plus he'll probably be knackered tonight, so hopefully we can get him to go to sleep a little early and enjoy our evening."
Steve had dragged him over the island yesterday to explore on their first day here; in the evening they had gone to a club with a local live band – that had been very fun, especially the dancing and the vertical dancing in their house later. But today Tony wanted to do nothing but enjoy the peace of the private beach and Steve. His husband. A tiny happy sigh escaped him and he smiled. Steve had gone for a swim a while ago because he had ants in his pants and couldn't sit still for more than five minutes.
Tony snorted and playfully grinned up at Steve, his hands wandering over Steve's hips to the perfect V-shape over his groin. "Hmmmm, true. Thankfully there's an umbrella here so..." He placed a kiss on Steve's chest, following the line of his pectorals and giving his nipple a little lick.
"Well that's your own fault-" Tony's remark got cut off when Steve swallowed him down and only stopped when his nose bumped against Tony's pubes. "Fuck, Steve!"
Tony splashed some water at Steve and they finally interrupted their bickering and started to swim.
With a deep sigh Steve had leaned back as well, he hadn’t eaten much, but he was a bit too confused to enjoy Tony’s curry. “Okay, paradoxes. And now Strange did what?”
"Hey, Tones", Steve replied and shook his hair like a dog, spraying the cool sea water all over Tony who made an indignant noise and almost fell off the chair when he tried to scramble away from Steve.
Steve almost choked on the last spoonful of strawberry ice cream. “JARVIS?!”
Tony turned the predatory grin on his face up a notch when Steve didn't seem alerted by his movement at all. "What", Steve finally asked when Tony refused to come back closer for more snuggles but didn't talk either.
The stimulation had Tony whine out a throaty "Right there!" and when Steve pressed his tongue flat against Tony's cock in his mouth Tony tumbled over the edge.
"God, that's it, that's it, Steve!", he whimpered and stretched his hands over his head in a try to ground himself against the rock.
“Focus, Tony”, Steve had said with a smile that was maybe a little too much on the fond side. “I understand that. But didn’t bringing the stones back erase that issue? The extra reality that got created just gets cancelled out again, no?”
Something had gone wrong.
Since they had unconsciously moved closer together like two magnets there wasn't much space between them left and Tony used it to take a running start before literally jumping at Steve.
Suddenly a thumping sound disrupted the silence from where Tony was awkwardly looking at her.
“Mh”, Tony choked out, he was moving his hips down against Steve finger, slowly fucking himself and it was not enough, he needed more –
"What's wrong?", Steve asked immediately, body tensing up against a possible threat, ready to protect Tony against whatever tried to disturb them.
Steve looked extremely uncomfortable, standing as far away from Tony as physically possible considering they were both crouching down next to her. “You need to tell him”, she rasped out insistently, looking at Steve. “You really need to tell him before you get even worse. Or he. Before he… Just telll him.”
He just huffed and crossed his arms in front of his chest, and Steve was momentarily distracted by the way the open leather jacket accentuated his body.
“What if I’m not ready for this?” Tony looked up at him, his gaze flickering from Steve’s left eye to his right and back.
Nodding, Steve smiled. “Yeah, but I meant here... with you. If you’ll have me. I’ll spend every second trying to make up for my past mistakes.”
Peter managed to swim quite fast; his movements only getting slower when he almost made it to the other side before he pushed himself up and held onto the edge.
Steve only reacted by sucking a hickey into the inside of Tony's thigh, spending way more time there than strictly necessary. "Please", Tony whimpered when Steve's fingers brushed over his wet cock as if he was just trying to press his hand flat against Tony's abdomen.
When he told Steve exactly that Steve laughed a full belly-laugh.
"Well I plan on coming with you today anyways." Tony wiggled his eyebrows and Steve rolled his eyes with a fond smile. "Oh, pretty please, Tony, you've never had sex on a rock in the sea before, had you? Like a merman!"
After that they stopped the chatter for a while, getting lost in each other's touches and kisses. Tony unwrapped himself from Steve so he could actually reach his dick instead of only grinding against him and turned them around, Steve on his back and Tony sitting on his lap; looking like the cat that got the cream. The speedos didn't get another look as soon as Tony had pulled them off with his teeth; and after showering Steve's thighs and abs with kisses and kitten licks and a few hickeys, Steve actually growled.
Steve hurried to take the lasagna out and their dinner conversation turned to their usual topics – today they speculated about Nick Fury. Or, er, gossiped. Apparently someone had heard something about an incident with a cat. When they cleaned the table – now using the dish washer since Tony apparently did not think of regularly washing
Tony shrugged nonchalantly, stopped to examine his hand and looked up at Steve in a try to gain his dignity back. "I had the armour, though."
With a sigh, Tony snatched the vanilla ice cream back. “It’s okay. I’m sorry I tried to push you earlier. I shouldn’t have.”
Steve's hands rested on Tony's thighs and his eyes were glued to Tony's body when he started to move. Tony's rhythm was slow and hard at first, using muscle force to push himself up and then letting gravity do the work to get Steve's length back inside again. It didn't take long until Steve was biting  his lip to keep himself from thrusting up into Tony's body.
“He could use it”, she added and then raised her hand again to pat Tony’s cheek. Tony tried to jerk away but Mantis had already gotten all the information she needed. There was something else under all that sadness and even though she knew that the sadness wouldn’t go away just like that - Tony desperately needed help. Controlling the maelstrom of emotions wouldn’t be easy but at least Tony’s feelings swirled around. Steve’s  had been almost static, fixed on one point in their entire intensity. That had been what made her pass out, it was too much all at once.
Steve laughed and pulled the waist band of his speedos away from his body before letting it snap back. "I thought it's alright since it's just the two of us."
Steve blew over Tony’s cock, straining and red and a bead of precum on the tip. “Such a pretty cock, so perfect, just like you.” Steve slowly licked a stripe over the underside before swallowing Tony’s cock down, letting his tongue dance over the head of it and bobbing his head a couple of times until Tony muffled his moan in a pillow.
“But?” Steve had frowned. He was starting to get a headache from all this time talk.
Tony’s voice was only a rough whisper and he could feel a single tear running over his face. For an endless second Steve continued to stare at him and then - then there was warmth all around him. Tony buried his face in Steve’s neck, inhaling his scent and ignoring the stench of blood and dirt on him, just focusing on having him in his arms.
Immediately Steve grabbed Tony's ass, holding Tony's body securely and started to thrust up into him. "Oh fuck", Tony gasped and buried his face in Steve's neck. "Gonna come."
"Yes, Sir, Peter is located in his bed at the moment", Jarvis replied smoothly. Tony rolled his eyes, he knew that his AI knew that he had wanted to know what Peter was doing but Tony suspected that Peter had long since twisted Jarvis around his little finger.
"I'm glad", Tony said with as much loftiness as he could muster. But Steve only booped his nose and continued to cuddle him until Tony sighed and wrapped his arms around Steve as well.
Steve threaded his hand through his hair. “There’s nothing I can say that will make you believe me, Tony. I would never try to force this on you. Not after what I’ve done. But, when I was sitting there away from you, away from the Avengers I realised… nothing matters anymore to me. Except you.” Steve looked at Tony with wide open, honest eyes, but Tony could only gulp.
“Please, please”, Tony whimpered, long since resolved to begging. He opened his eyes when Steve pulled his fingers back and moved back upwards so he could bend Tony’s legs back. Tony was lying there on his back, with the pillow under his ass, open and ready for Steve. “Look at you”, Steve whispered, aligning his cock with Tony’s hole but not yet pushing in, only pressing the tip against it. “Look at how flushed you are, the colour in your cheeks. Baby, you’re so perfect for me. You’re so good for me, for my cock. You’re going to feel so good around me.”
While he'd totally say the same thing about Tony on every other day – once Tony sat down in this beach chair all his workaholic-ness had seeped out of him and he had turned into a Tony-shaped Steve-adoring jelly. Steve had grinned and poked him in the belly before marching into the perfect azure blue of the sea. For a while, Tony hadn't been able to keep his eyes off his gorgeous husband but the sun had turned him sleepy and he had closed his eyes.
Steve blinked. He looked down at Tony's – perfectly normal looking – hand and then threw a glance over Tony's shoulder where the little tidal pond was. There were a lot of algae on the edge of it... and that was when Steve puzzled together that Tony had probably held onto them until he realised how soft and slimy they were under his fingers.
“If?”, Tony asked, curious and so intently focused on Steve that he almost felt dizzy; Tony Stark’s full attention was really something.
Steve opened Tony’s trousers and let his hand flutter over his dick, touching it, not touching it yet, until Tony whimpered. “If you let me”, Steve went on and slow pushed Tony’s trousers and pants down to his thighs, “I’m going to take you apart and put you back together. I’m going to keep you and cherish you.”
Now pulling Tony back in with his strength (Tony made a delicious noise about being manhandled like that) he kissed him again. "I'll see if I have his number somewhere, he'll show up around eight."
"Yeah", Tony said and gave his son a high five before he scooped the five-year-old up in his arms. "Now we can finally go for real beach holiday."
“What?” Steve didn’t pull his hand back, he didn’t even look confused. “Say that again.”
Steve smiled. “You needed to be angry, Tony. You are unapologetically you, and I wouldn’t want you any other way. I’ve learned this.”
With a confident grin and a just as confident stride he left the bathroom, only stopping when his gaze met Steve's naked body.
There was a beat of silence before Steve sat down at the table. “I went to Bucky and Sam today.”
Steve laughed and took Tony's hands, admiring the ring on his finger for a moment and pressing a soft kiss to it before he straddled Tony's lap and snatched his sunglasses away.
Steve laughed huskily and kissed Tony's throat which made him stretch even more into Steve's embrace. "Don't worry, baby, we'll get to that later. Let me take care of you."
“I am! I guess otherwise I wouldn't stay above the water, right?” Peter splashed more water in Steve’s direction and grinned when Steve splashed back.
“Ah”, Tony replied. He narrowed his eyes at Steve’s explanation and Steve could see his brain working. Looking up at Steve, he cocked his head a bit. “We’re in the present. You won’t be able to go back to where you came from because we closed the time stream. It was the only way to keep the changes we made in the past in the past.”
Sam also extracted the promise that he would come over for runs and dinners regularly, after offering Steve to move in with him and Bucky. Steve he had declined, even though he knew he’d have to work on his relationship – his friendship to Tony to make this arrangement work. Sam had smirked at him as if he knew something that Steve didn’t know yet, but if he was thinking about Steve’s crush on Tony – well, Steve knew about that.
“No, Miles. We are not getting the fruit snacks. You already had a cupcake for breakfast. Don’t you want some delicious broccoli and carrots?”
“Oh trust me, Pepper, Rhodey, and I have discussed this in great detail. I mean great detail,” Natasha stressed. “We all reached the same conclusion. You are an idiot and we all get to slap you at least once.”
“And are you fine with that?”
So no, he wasn’t going to question the judges’ decisions. They were small children.
Natasha and Bucky looked at him.
“Yes, and you’re not in a position to question them. So hurry up and get ready. Bucky could you possibly have all of your and Steve’s things packed by the time we arrive? We’ll return here after our visit and then we’ll leave to the tower.”
Harley and Peter mumbled words under their breath, but followed Tony outside into the hallway. Tony turned toward them and looked at the clock in the hallway. It was only ten in the morning. He seriously wondered how they could get into trouble merely two hours into school.
She was punished one time for leaving a scar coming from a broken bottle piece on Tony’s leg. Ryder had not been too happy about that. Ryder had put some aloe on it and kissed the healing scar, while banishing Miriam. Tony’s mouth opened to thank him, before it quickly closed. Miriam hadn’t been there since. Cali told him it was because she went to the hospital. And the way Tony was with time right now, she could have possibly only been gone a few days.
This chapter is shorter, honestly because I don't think you readers have enough tissues for this. I'm kidding (I say as I offer hugs to you, when you get done reading).
“That seems agreeable,” Steve responded back without a moment of hesitation. “Where can we meet?”
Fury nodded, but chose not to add anything else.
Down.
“Oooh can I have some of baba’s…copey?”
He just wanted the door open and to leave this place. He wanted someone to come back, someone that he knew. He wanted Pepper to leave her meeting, she said she would if he called. But the phone was too far and he couldn’t move.
Steve saw from the corner of his eye Natasha coming toward him. He wondered how much she had heard. She leaned down to whisper something to Miles and watched as FRIDAY directed Miles to go to his room and wait for Natasha to return. Natasha stalked over to where Tony was. Before she was able to reach him, Tony looked at Steve once more.
“Because I can’t,” Tony said.
“Why do you think it should be sooner?” Tony said. “I mean I know we’ve been dating for a while and…heck maybe you’re right? Maybe I should make it random and propose today. Pep! Yes, that’s what I’ll do. I’ll propose today. Come on up up up. Let’s go find a ring before I have to head back to my prison time.”
"I love you", he mumbled and kissed Tony's hand a few times until he managed to hit the ring on his ring finger. Tony's answer could have been a "Love you too, Steve" but it might have just been a snore as well.
Tony made a whining noise and sucked a little pink spot into Steve's neck.
"I just don't want to be tired for movie night", he announced and disappeared quickly into his room, leaving a slightly suspicious Tony behind.
“I love you too”, Steve replied out of breath, his arms framing Tony’s face on the mattress. “I love you so much, Tony, you’re mine, you’re mine!”
Steve swallowed. “I don’t understand.”
"Ughhh." With a little effort, Tony managed to lift Peter up and passed him on to Steve. "I'll need the suit soon to lift you up, Petey. Especially when you've eaten that much."
“Ah”, Tony let out a soft gasp and Steve immediately wanted to hear it again when he felt how Tony’s hips jerked up against him and how hard he was.
Only cleaning up the utmost necessary, Steve and Tony cuddled back together. Tony placed his head on Steve's biceps, which he commented with a grunt, but he pulled the duvet over them.
The first time Steve had tried to explain this to Tony, Tony had been confused. " I want you", Steve had replied. "All of you. Always." Steve repeated it every time they made love to each other and while Steve loved quickies and everything else their sex life involved, it was his favourite thing.
"Did it!", Peter yelled with a whoop and spit out some water.
“Hi, Tony. I missed you.”, Steve said when his breathing had levelled down.
Since Steve seemed to be occupied with doing captainly fatherly things, Tony investigated Peter's unusual enthusiasm for an afternoon nap. "Hey J, did he go to bed?", he asked in his best I'm The Boss voice.
Peter seemed quite excited about that prospect, but he yawned through the beaming smile.
Tony on the other hand looked like he was considering to put on the suit, his cheeks reddened and his breathing fast while he was staring at Steve like he wasn’t entirely convinced he wasn’t hallucinating. “How dare you! Show up here! After that!”
When Jarvis had replied with a short "Of course, Sir", Tony waddled off in the direction of the kitchen where he found Steve at the coffee machine.
"I touched something slimy!!", Tony continued to screech, waving his hand up and down as if he was trying to get rid of dirt on it.
“Watch!”, Peter shouted and waved to his parents before pushing himself off the pool wall and starting to swim.
“Hug me.”
Steve's ass fit so perfectly into his hands, sometimes Tony wondered if they were actually made for each other. He guided Steve's movements and with the slow drag of the fabric, the slow kiss they were sharing started to get more and more intense.
Tony scooted even closer and put his head down on Steve’s chest so he could listen to his heart beat. He felt safe, taken care of, very satisfied and a thorough warmth filled him from the inside; he wished they could stay like this forever; though he’d settle for the duration of a nap at first. “You’re not leaving me again, are you?”
Laughing, Tony bent over to open the freezer. “Can do.” He grabbed two cartons of ice cream and two spoons and motioned for Steve to go back to the living room. “I’m assuming you’re staying here tonight”, Tony said when Steve had sat down in front of the holographic tv screen on an ugly dark red sofa that looked like Tony might have stolen it from a Star Trek set.
“People lie all the time”, Tony croaked. “And you’ve lied to me several times. Why should I believe you now?”
Exhaling loudly, Tony stepped aside. “Get your spangled ass in here, then.” He closed the door a little more forcefully than might have strictly been necessary and glared at Steve.
Peter kept giggling, but he was careful not to fall when Tony set him back down. He walked over to Steve and hugged his legs, almost ridiculously tiny against the beefy dorito shape of the supersoldier. "Thank you, papa", Peter said. "You'll still keep going to swim with me, though, aren't you?"
“Fuck”, Tony almost purred when he took in Steve’s naked body before he looped his arms around his neck and pulled him down until their bodies were flush.
He licked over Tony's body, down over the arc reactor and his abs until he placed soft fluttering kisses on Tony's erection. "You taste salty", Steve teased; Tony gasped when Steve licking a stripe over the underside of his cock.
He leaned forwards and pressed his erection against Tony’s thigh. “Do you want to hear how amazing you are? How compassionate and brave? You would give everything to keep people save. You have the biggest heart, and when you set your mind to something you can achieve anything.”
"I'm afraid not, Sir. He is reading his spider book." Jarvis sounded as fond as an only an artificial intelligence created by The Tony Stark could sound. Tony sighed in the same fond manner. "Well, I guess that's fine. Alert me in forty minutes or when he gets up, will you?"
Steve shook his head in confusion. “Wait a moment.” That couldn’t be. “How did you undo it? Where was I? The other 50% are back though? What happened to Thanos?”
"Wow", Tony made and stared up with big eyes. "Told you it's nice", Steve preened. He put his hands on Tony's hips and lifted him up enough that he could easily crawl onto the flat part of the rock. Tony immediately reached for Steve to help him, but Steve just pulled himself up.
"Please, Tony, I need more", he groaned.
“That makes sense”, Steve had admitted. “So Strange made it impossible for what we did in the past to influence the future.”
"Ah", Steve made and winked. "And here I thought you were only in it for the promised blowjob."
Even though Tony didn’t seem too enthusiastic about it, he nodded. Peter couldn’t see the way Steve was looking at Tony – the blue eyes basically said ‘stop mother-henning’ and Tony was used to receiving this silent suggestion at this point. Who would have thought that Tony would end up worrying so much about their kid? (Steve. Steve already knew Tony would be the best father before he saw Tony interact with kids for the first time.)
He walked back up to the house and put them into a vase, rifling through the cabinets until he found something that really seemed to be meant for a bouquet and not for a pint of beer. On the kitchen table was a little note that said that Tony would be back for dinner, he was out with Peter for a science project. It was signed with ‘your T.’ and Steve’s heart really shouldn’t have started to beat faster over that.
Steeling himself, Tony started to approach the window and was greeted with the sight of Steve’s face pressed against the glass, suction cups in his hands and holding onto the glass cladding for dear life.
Mantis stumbled over a piece of debris, the silence of the now almost empty battle field like cotton on her ears. She had tried so hard not to look down at the bodies that she wasn’t able to hold her balance and fell. Only the fact that she got caught by Tony who had been walking behind her saved her from ending up in the mud - but looking back, that might have been more pleasant of an option.
“I’m sorry Tony, can we maybe go inside? To have a conversation.” Steve tried to sound reasonable, but not condescending. He knew that Tony hated nothing more than being told what to do in a voice that made him feel stupid. He’d made this exact mistake so many times before, he wouldn’t now. When it might count. When it might be the last time he’d ever see Tony.
“This is not the time for a water fight, though. Come on, once more, Petey, if you do the movement properly I’ll let you try on your own”, Steve offered.
Steve chuckled and sat down next to Tony, their legs dangling over the water, his arm around his husband's shoulders. Tony snuggled a little closer and they sat there, looking over the sea until their bodies had dried off and Tony got bored. He got up and looked around; the cave was maybe as big as a queen-sized bed and the back part where the ceiling ledge blended into the steep rock for good was blocked by the tidal pool Steve had promised.
“And you’re begging for it so nicely.” Steve rubbed his hand over Tony’s thighs, leaning down to lick another bead of precum that had formed on Tony’s dick off. Tony mewled when Steve timed it with the thrust of his finger, adjusting the angle until he hit Tony’s prostate and Tony almost arched his back off the bed. “So beautiful. You deserve to be taken care of. You deserve so much love, baby, do you hear me?”
Steve only replied with another giggle. "Don't worry, honey. This was damn uncomfortable anyway." "I liked it." Tony smiled up at Steve and sighed before he started to laugh. "Okay, I admit it, I am ridiculous."
"He's reading the spider book."
They both moaned at the contact, hips snapping upwards to make that first contact between their cocks that much better. “Please, Steve!” Tony dug his fingers into Steve’s neck muscles before they slid down his back, taking in every indentation his muscles created there. “Please fuck me.”
“It’s me”, Steve choked out. “Steve.”
“Bedside drawer”, Tony replied and stretched to open it, throwing the bottle at Steve who caught it out of the air.
"I'd rather you wouldn't only look but also do something." Tony wriggled his hips closer to Steve who started to grind down against Tony's body, connecting their mouths once again.
“I know.” Steve suddenly raised his second hand, gripping Tony’s between them and pulling them to the spot on his chest where Tony could feel his heart beating. “There’s nothing I can say to make up for what happened. All of it. I just want you to know that I’m here.”
“Then I’ll wait. I’ll work through it with you.” Steve took a deep breath. “Why are you looking at me like this? What are you waiting for?”
That made Tony pout, but Steve continued to laugh and pulled him into his lap so that Tony could be comfortable. The hard stone wasn't the best underground for what they were about to do but they've had sex in worse places.
Chuckling, Steve kissed Tony's hand, which made Tony scrunch up his nose. "Don't worry, you dork, I still love you."
“No”, Tony interrupted. “I just. It’s ugly again.”
Tony just thrust his hand in Steve's direction. "My hand!", he yelled in a panicked tone.
Steve moaned when he felt Tony’s hands slipping under his shirt and let his slide down over Tony’s back and over his ass. “Are you – are you sure? It’s not too fast? We can wait.”
Steve got up and approached Tony slowly. He didn’t want to give him the feeling of being trapped against the counter, but he also wanted to look into his face. “You didn’t kick me out when I showed up. You explained. You were patient. You’re letting me stay. Please, let me stay. Let us have this. There’s no more time to lose, is there?”
"Hello there", Tony finally managed after his gaze had wandered up Steve's body, stopping at the perfectly placed water droplets on his chest.
wiggling his ass to the beat.
After stealing some of Steve's special mouth wash (it tasted of strawberries!), Tony grabbed a fresh bottle of lube and dropped his clothes into the laundry.
Steve watched Tony dry the plates and put them in the drying rack. He wouldn’t be able to go back. It made sense, considering everything, he had felt like he had been blocked by something when he had tried to travel back to 2024. And maybe it wasn’t so bad: Tony was alive, Bucky and Sam were around. But this was the second time in his life that time left him stranded and he was entirely sick of it. Of time travel too.
It almost had a beach party vibe (according to Tony),  was a water picnic (according to Peter) and should not be repeated because the taste of chlorine apparently didn't belong onto muffins (according to Steve), but they spent a relaxed time lounging in the beach chairs.
This was the last straw. Steve didn't even have the time to check if Tony appreciated his pun before he started giggling uncontrollably. After staggering over to the bed and dropping both Tony and himself on it, his giggles had infected Tony who was still holding on to Steve's body from underneath him.
“I know baby”, Steve gave back, pressing a kiss to Tony’s sweaty forehead. “I love you too. I love you so much.”
“I’m not going to run”, Steve replied and with a couple of steps he was standing right next to Tony. If he took another step forwards their chests would be touching, and Tony would be pressed against the table behind him. “I’m going to stay for as long as you want me to.”
“That’s good. Oh by the way while I have you on the phone, I wanted to know if you all plan on going to the winter carnival Karen and I are throwing for the nearby orphanages. I mean it’ll probably be good to help build back all of your images in the public eye. Natasha is also coming so,” Tony trailed off.
“Ryder is-”
Miles grinned brightly at him. “Yes, baba.”
“Mhm, well five days is fine with me. I certainly wouldn’t want to rush them,” Tony whispered. “Don’t put it there Thor. Yeah, I want this thing to look like its fucking levitating. Those girls are going to be amazed by ours.”
“I meant to tell you, but then I forgot. Don’t look at me like that Pep. We’ve been out in the sun for like three hours and it has drained me,” Rhodey defended. “But yes we’ll take the delivery. Tell Natasha we said thank you.”
“Why exactly do we need legal counsel especially from someone who is not involved with our situation? Tony is telling us since he’s the one who’s been advocating that we sign the Accords,” Steve began looking briefly at Tony, who was still trying to gather himself.
Peter turned to face him and smile widely. “Yes, I am. It’s so cool to meet you Mr. Rogers or Captain America. Do you have a preferred title?”
She pressed her earpiece and said, “Found Tony. Sixth floor, room number 608.” She cut it off because she needed to focus on getting to Tony and not on the responses that her statement would have.
“Goodness, you’re gorgeous,” Steve announced, no hint of hesitation coloring his tone. “How could I not stare?”
Tony leaned back into the hold, his back flush with Steve’s chest. Tony nodded his head.
He laughed as Steve walked backwards from the lab. “It’s going to be great! I’m going to sweep you off your feet I swear. And I promise I’ll be nice to Ryder, when you break it to him that he’s just not good enough for you. I also will hold the box of Kleenex out to him as I usher him outside the tower.”
“Well…” Ryder said, leaning back from Tony, eyes searching his own.
Peter sighed at the abrupt conversation change, but answered nonetheless. “I’m not asking Michelle out.”
An update on a weekday? What is happening? Well tis the season for giving and I wanted to give you all an extra chapter! Your comments made me smile and I just felt like you all deserve a little treat. So please enjoy. I'll see you again on Saturday. :)
“It matters not of who it was, but I am fairly certain you know,” Steve hinted.
“But nothing,” Tony answered. “It’s time to go home.”
And Mrs. Frederick was amazing. He had met her, before the school year began and one could truly tell how much she loved teaching and how much she cared for her students.
He wanted to know.
The pain was starting to trouble Tony and he felt numbness begin to settle. Steve let his head fall back to look at the ceiling. Breathing in, he tried centering himself and reminding himself that Tony could take care of himself. Then he had to remind himself that he couldn’t just get close to Tony because well…anyone could see what happens when he gets to close.
“Lies. He went outside once and that was to check the weather,” Sam told Natasha, laughing slightly.
? Excuse me this wasn’t a group project. You can’t work together,” Sam disputed.
Everyone had been vetted, references checked, poked and prodded. Those that could withstand the heat and realize it was only for the safety of victims and their families, that they were doing this, made it past the first few rounds of interviews.
He didn’t remember much of anything after that. And that terrified him. If there’s one thing Tony prided himself on it was being fully aware of how he got into a current situation. He remembered the events leading up to him being captured in Afghanistan. He remembered that led to him becoming Iron Man. He remembered Iron Man led him to the Avengers. He remembered the Avengers led him to Steve.
It was only when she was out of the building that she let out a sigh of relief and unclenched her shaking hands.
Clint was the first to leave, squeezing Steve’s shoulder in comfort.
If Tony hadn’t known any better, he might have taken the suggestion without a hint of confusion. But alas he regarded his AI with the respect that all of his creations had. Heading to the elevator, he realized that the music playing still followed him. He supposed that maybe someone had hooked up their music to the entire Tower’s sound system.
Tony slumped down in the chair opposite of Karen. “I’ve just been played.”
Sam had also spoken to a few therapists that he felt he could recommend in his honest opinion to come work there. He had met a few through Sam and had felt a closeness to them, whenever they spoke of their passion for helping others and being a support system.
“Ah! I had completely forgotten about my brother’s infatuation with the Stark heir. I knew that he had a crush on the man a while ago, but I never kept up with him seeing as though I was living with my foster family in California at the time. However, he often would write me saying how he was interested in this Tony fella.”
Rhodey looked up quickly. “No one.”
Bucky cleared his throat alerting Steve of his presence. Steve turned around and Bucky winced at the appearance of Steve. He knew he hadn’t gotten much sleep, hell most of them hadn’t with trying to find this driver and still looking for other methods of finding Tony. But Steve seemed to not be sleeping at all and it showed.
Have a great week :)
“I know. I just feel bad leaving him for a whole week and I am going to worry already with the added stress of knowing he’ll probably be out in the streets webbing it up.”
Tony clenched his jaw and hoped that whatever was laced in his drink would wear of soon so he could choke Ryder. He had a flashing image of him choking Ryder, while in his suit. That image gave him a little bit of relief.
Steve decided that for all he thought about Tony sharing himself, maybe it was time to do the same. His fingers went back to Tony’s hair, the repetitive movement helping his own fingers to not shake.
Was he taking him to Steve?
“He’s on his way back in a little bit. He had to talk to Ryder for a bit.”
He wanted to tear at his limps because they felt too heavy on his body. All at once, he could remember how they had found him in that room. He could see the bruises left on his body, some larger than the others. He could see Tony’s dazed eyes going back and forth across the room. He could hear Tony screaming out, “No touching. No touching.”
“I know that Rhodey. I was their when Zemo showed us that Golden Globe’s worthy film,” Tony sneered. “But how would me keeping this anger and unforgiving nature in me helpful? How would anyone want to stay around me, if I can’t let go of my anger toward them, huh? Please tell me.”
Couldn’t Ryder see he was struggling? He felt his head grow light and dots swim in his vision. He wanted the hand back on his back because it grounded him. He wanted it off of his chest. He didn’t trust that hand there.
Tony had been going to Dr. Sana pretty much every week, since the events of Siberia happened. He had tried his stints in therapy before without much progress. His mother had even tried getting him into therapy, when he was younger.
“Knowing that you would have stayed. Spreading your legs open for any ounce of affection. Man those days you would cry out for me. You confused me, never knew if you wanted me to get off of you or pull you closer. You know that? You were the one that was manipulating things. I mean how could you say you wanted something and then change your mind?”
“Alright, then tell me what you’re bringing to Italy or what you have planned,” Steve broke away from a moment to instruct, before licking a stripe at the underside of Tony.
“Tony.”
Natasha scoffed.
“Left me.”
“How did I get so lucky to find a man like you?” Tony whispered.
“By what saying that Tony needs a vacation,” Fury frowned. “We can’t do anything with that Captain. It seems to me you have forgotten my rules for this interrogation.”
Tony pushed his body forward so he could further stretch his arms out. Steve smiled tiredly before grabbing both of Tony’s hands lightly in his. He reached into the medkit and grabbed his essentials before moving closer to Tony.
“No, I told you not to come in unless I gave the word. I didn’t. It was stupid of me to not do that.”
“Can we show Aunt Nat my seashells,” Miles questioned. “Baba’s taking too slow.”
A few minutes passed of this comfortable silence, before Tony muttered, “Close your eyes Steve and rest.”
“She told me that Tony had frozen a little bit, when Ryder had come back to the hallways as she was consoling Tony. I mean it may have just been from the stress, but you never can be too sure. There’s just too much of his history that’s uncounted for. So who knows what changed about Ryder…I just…” Rhodey bit off the last bit of his sentence as anger began to nip at his skin.
(See the end of the chapter for
He turned his eyes toward Cali, who ran her fingers over the empty bottle of liquor. Tony smacked his lips together wincing at the taste of alcohol lingering on them. Ryder leaned forward and grasped his chin pulling him closer to his face.
thanks to Clint. Steve couldn’t even follow the plot because every thought he had centered on Tony and what he was going to do once he came back. The corners of his lips tugged upward and he had to tilt his head down from Natasha’s inquisitive gaze. His thoughts were so riddled with Tony and how he wanted to kiss him later that he didn’t notice Peter barreling into the room out of breath, with Harley quickly walking behind him.
back, so does he really even need him anymore.
“Come on Tony, sweetheart answer the phone. Just answer the phone,” Steve stressed.
Rhodey lifted his eyebrows in question. He hadn’t remembered that, but he sure wasn’t about to argue the case with Pepper. Sometimes he just had to realize it was a lost cause. Instead he choose to lay back on his blanket and place his hands behind his neck.
His shoulder shook up and down. He couldn’t get into trouble for seeing if the door was unlocked, not like he had been when he was there. They couldn’t touch him here. He just needed the door cracked. Maybe he also needed a change of scenery besides the same four walls.
Tony was looking tentatively past all of them to see if she had arrived. He had made sure she knew when to arrive, but maybe he got the times or dates wrong. Tony only prayed he didn’t. He didn’t really want to have to discuss the Accords by himself.
Today has been the greatest 'cause like I almost ran over a squirrel, I became a victim of identity fraud, and I learned shopping on Christmas Eve Eve is terrible.
When they got onto the plane to take them to wherever, Ryder picked Tony up and brought him close to his chest. Tony wanted to bite the fingers off that had traveled too closer to his reactor. Cali followed behind Ryder and placed something cool on Tony’s bare arm. He tried moving his neck to see what it was, but as soon as the patch was on his skin he felt his eyes become heavy.
sets of dishes by hand as therapeutic – Steve hoped that Tony had forgotten about the only half finished conversation but Steve should’ve known better.
Steve looked around, almost frowning when he took in the sleek modern furniture that clashed with the comfy aura the lake house exuded on the outside. This was clearly Tony’s own doing; his taste in furniture had always been questionable at best.
The way he said it, Tony could hear that he was putting on his seductive voice. He was trying to stay in character but Tony could almost feel him vibrating with giggles.
“Doesn’t have to  be the last time”, Tony slurred; confused and angry and happy all at the same time, ignoring that a tear was finding its way down his cheek.
“Slow down there with the questions, Capsicle.” Tony stood up and went to his liquor cabinet to pour himself a drink. “Short version: I invented time travel. Yes, we brought everyone who disintegrated in the snap back. Thanos is dead. Thor chopped his head off. You were there for all of this! I have no fucking clue where you went afterwards, though. Care to explain?” Tony gripped the tumbler in his hands tightly, his knuckles turning white. Steve was worried he’s smash the glass and cut himself, so he got up and gently took it out of Tony’s hand.
When Peter yawned again, Tony sent him with his papa to the showers and cleaned up a bit. There was one muffin left and Tony took it with him, already knowing that Peter would be delighted to eat it after dinner.
. Despite what he wanted and hoping he had the greatest intentions, even Steve knew that at first he had come back because he needed a purpose again…he needed to be Captain America.
At least that’s what Tony was thinking as he took a seat opposite from all of them.
“Oh, don’t go throwing pity parties.”
Yes, this is late. I apologize. I planned on updating last week but the site kept being down every single time I uploaded and I got frustrated and said f it. Then I re-read my chapter took it as a sign that wasn't my best work and re-wrote it. Personally, I am very glad I did and think you all will enjoy this chapter. (Also I will be getting to responding to comments soon!)
“How do you know if numerical summary of data is resistant?” Harley furrowed his eyebrows and looked to the math sheet before him.
Tony paused in his story, mouth tilted in a sad smile. “It’s funny, you know. I know right now he’s a bad person, but when I think of how he was the one who first taught me how to drive…well I don’t know I can’t…couldn’t help, but to reflect on it fondly. It’s messed up isn’t it?”
The Avengers was on the mends or at least trying to be on the mends, but he didn’t know if he could fix the Barton family.
“Miles Morales Stark you take that back,” Tony said under his breath. He shot his eyes to the woman hoping that she would eventually take that as her cue to leave. Unfortunately, for Tony she didn’t. Instead she remained exactly where she was and even decided to sit cross-legged beside Tony.
“Oh, sweetie,” Pepper said moving from her spot on the chair to hug Tony. Rhodey stood up as well wrapping himself around the two.
Fuck, this was such a mess. Just when he thought he was over it all…done with Ryder
Steve smiled as he put the smaller pot away. “Yeah. And what do you mean if I know how to make spaghetti?”
“That’s good.”
“Miles who did you say that is?”
Steve thanked everything that he could still hear what they were saying even though their voices had grown softer.
Steve remained still and let Ryder try his assumingly best. When Steve was done entertaining him, he twisted Ryder’s arm sharply against his back aggravating the still bleeding wound. Ryder hissed in pain.
A little break from Tony's talk 'cause baby needs to rest a little bit and go to sleep. That took a lot out of him. (Also because I needed a break from that angst lol). It will resume next chapter.
It turned out that what had happened in this reality wasn’t so different from what he had experienced. In 2018, Thanos had collected the infinity stones and snapped. Tony had made it back to Earth a couple of days later and they had gone to Thanos garden planet where Thor had chopped his head off. Then Scott had tumbled out of the quantum realm and Tony had invented time travel five years earlier than he’d done in what Steve had experienced as his reality. They had collected the infinity stones from the past, Bruce had snapped everyone back into existence – and somehow no other version of Thanos had realised what they were doing and had stayed where he belonged: in the past. With their ‘time heist’ successful and the universe in balance again, they had brought the stones back to where they had taken them from.
“Well”, Tony retorted with a smile and knelt down so he was a bit more on the same level as Peter and Steve, “I guess unless you swim without Steve next to you it would be too early for that anyways.”
He squirmed a little when Steve's fingers brushed over it and smiled into Steve's mouth, biting his lip a little rougher than necessary in retaliation. It only elicited a moan from Steve and he traced the rim of the arc reactor in Tony's chest that was filling the space between them with its soft glow.
"Awesome, Peter. That was really good.", Steve praised him from where he was still sitting, beaming proudly at Tony who was helping Peter out of the water.
“You are adorable.”
“To avoid that time would collapse in itself he sealed it off. So whatever changes we made, they stay in the past, the outcome – or our present – stays unaffected by it.” Tony had pulled a face. “If you think about it, we could’ve brought back with us every dead person we care about, or talked to them one more time or something, and it wouldn’t have changed a thing.”
Steve looked up at Tony from under his lashes and made a purposely slurping sound against Tony's sensitive skin.
Licking a criss cross pattern over the shaft and wriggling his tongue against the tip, Steve didn't cease to massage Tony's perineum and had him writhing within seconds again.
"That sounds interesting", Tony said and looked up at Steve with his dark eyes, pupils dilated. "But you're more interesting." He returned to kissing Steve's skin and Steve couldn't suppress a little moan. This was unfair.
But Steve could only shake his head and rolled on his back so that Tony was lying on top of him, hugging him tightly and pressing kisses all over his face. Tony didn't turn his head away, but he also didn't cease his pouting. "I'm so sorry", Steve said slightly out of breath and kissed Tony's pouting lips. "You almost gave me a heart attack and then you're freaking out over algae."
Thinking that Tony maybe cut himself on a sharp edge of the stone, Steve rested his arm over Tony's torso and tried to take a look at Tony's hand.
Tony decided to throw all caution into the wind. Mantis was right, in a way, he couldn’t get much worse. More pain would settle into his soul so easy like a day full of laughter for other people. “Hug me, that would make me happy.”
“It’s not the wrong past”, Steve said quietly. “It could never be the wrong past if – “ If you’re alive in it, Steve had wanted to say, and just so managed to stop himself.
"Is he sleeping?"
"I'll never move again", Steve announced when Tony slowly rolled off of him. "Your own fault for marrying a sex god", Tony gave back and stretched to his bed side table to put the bottle of lube away and to get some baby wipes.
When she opened her eyes again, several worried faces looked down at her. She recognised the voices of Peter and Gamora, but when she scanned the little crowd she was only looking for two people.
Finding a hold Tony's body writhed against Steve when he spilled himself. Steve looked up at Tony, helping him through his orgasm until a blissed out smile spread on Tony's face.
“Mister Stark”, Steve said from where he had just landed in the dirt in a superhero landing. His face wasn’t giving anything away and when Tony gave back a choked “Captain”, Mantis tried her best to regain her composure.
For a rather long moment Tony let Steve have control, let him open him up slowly while they kissed. Let him return some of the teasing until Tony was begging for Steve to fuck him. That was what reminded him of his plan for tonight, though.
"Hnngh", said Steve and closed his eyes, hands gripping Tony's soft hair. He didn't have any product in it and while he looked very sharp and sexy in his perfect get-together, this was the Tony Steve loved the most. The soft, relaxed one, the one smiling up at him like he was his sun and moon and stars all in once. The one without hair gel or fancy suits and this encompassed the Iron Man suit.
[2] Jeg vet ikke. Jeg skal svare. Var vi ventet noen?  I don't know. I am about to answer. Where we expecting someone?
He could remember his ma, her arms wrapped around his thin frame as she recited word from word the sonnet she loved so dearly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“He’d spread you apart and just look at you and you would preen under that attention. Never had that before, so you’d love it. He’d run his hands all over you a pleasant weight. Then he would spread you apart with his fingers,” Ryder unzipped his pants and pushed Tony’s hips up to slide them off.
Steve didn’t.
“I said were which implies past tense. Then I got to know you and you became that annoying big brother that refused to let me go on a date with that fine sexy firefighter. Like do you know how much I have fantasized about that firefighter using his dick like a water hose and-”
He couldn’t do this. He didn’t want to be here alone. Acid built up again and Tony’s body heaved expelling it from his body. He rolled his body away trying to get away from the pungent smell of it, but it stayed stagnant in this enclosed room.
“Did she call you and say she’s the better sibling because she never forgets things like that,” Bucky teased stepping forward to Sam.
Pepper reached out and grabbed his hand. “I know, but for all we know Natasha may not find anything.”
“You won’t,” Steve said.
“I have truly enjoyed myself. You have a wonderful thing going here Tony,” Steve exclaimed.
Ryder looked on with his mouth parted. Tears were now flowing freely down Tony’s cheek. Ryder immediately went toward him and tried wiping away his tears. Tony pushed his hand away and began to curl into himself, humiliated that he had been reduced to his crying fumbling mess. The panic attack that he had at the Gala had left him emotionally unhinged. Usually he was better at building back the walls, but to be so sharply pulled out of an attack from Ryder…it was disconcerting.
Bucky and Steve watched on as Clint began to walk in front of him. “He’s really excited to get out of the house, isn’t he?”
The two of them continued cooking. Steve tried sampling a bit of the food, but after a relatively hard nudge from Bucky’s metal hand Steve resisted the temptation. Besides he would be able to eat the food in a little bit.
So no, Tony was not going to play this game any longer than he had to. He had made sure Ryder was comfortable, enough for him to believe him. He had established a certain level of trust and the assurance that Tony had still…
Hands briefly paused, but continued. “I’ve got you. I’ve got you. I love you.”
He was pretty certain Steve would understand his silence on the matter. He chewed his bottom lip to the point it drew blood. He gave out a silent hiss and thought of all the things that could go wrong with him telling Steve about Ryder.
Steve seemed to ponder on this heavily. “This is a mighty serious decision you have placed into my hands Miles. I do not know, if I can decide.”
Tony blinked away tears that was coming up due to the pain in his shoulder. Through bleary eyes he looked at the two women entering the room. Ryder looked back at Tony. He kept the door open.
Miles had quickly grown distraught over Tony’s absence and had not been mollified of stories of Tony being on a vacation. Having to tell Tony’s son that lie did not rest well on his conscious. Miles’ suspicious glare constantly filled his thoughts as the lie flew off his lips. However, staying with his aunt Pepper and his trips to Karen’s entertained him. Unfortunately, that happiness did not last soon. Most nights Steve caught Pepper soothing a crying Miles to sleep.
