John stood and let out a low growl that startled Dean and yes to the Prince's regret made him yelp like a scared pup.
"No reason brother. I would hate for the little dark winged runt to try and fight you for the crown."
"Gabriel" Kali smiled, as she pushed herself off the roof of her own car. The tall, dark skinned beauty obviously knew exactly what effect she had on men; the way she carried herself, the way she dressed and the way she talked spoke for nothing but confidence.
"Socks man. You gotta wear socks with boots." Dean helped his son put socks on, looking at his watch he realized just how late he was going to be to taking Emma to her mom's.
"Leave it Dean." Cas muttered through a clenched jaw, he tried to flap his wings to help get him up and nearly yelled out in pain
"No! I will not have some fool dare to believe you are not worthy for the crown, the throne, the hearts of the people, or anything! You're worthy of the world Michael. My allegiance is to you and you alone."
His hair stuck every which way, his wings were like the darkest night sky, Dean had never seen such dark feathers before, it was beautiful.
"Yes yes but of course Michael." Crowley spoke with fale sympathy before this certain, knowing, look came over his features "Such a shame your dear brother Raphael. It is to bad that Abaddon wiggled her way into his ear. He had been so loyal to you up until recent years." He stood and followed the maid to where he would be staying without so much as another word.
"She's still mad at ya Gabe. But yeah. I'll let Kelly know you say hello." As he turned to leave Luc turned to Castiel.
"Ah! Miranda my dear! Let the cooks and Pops know that Castiel and I will be out for dinner on business, we will be back late or not at all until morning."
"I know. But you proved you can do whatever necessary. Something, if I'm honest I was beginning to doubt."
"Cas, talk to me more than that. Let's finish our conversation from yesterday..." Gabriel said simply as he combed a few loose feathers and shook them away.
Chuck snapped his mouth shut, grey and white whinga raising with anger, his hands were shaking, his face burning red
Would Michael reject him? Or worse, hand him over to Abaddon for the gain of their Kingdoms? Would Michael risk a war with Earth over this?
Buttoning his shirt cuffs, Lucifer shrugged on his long coat and put his hat on, grabbed his keys and went out the door with the swish of his coat.
"Me and Castiel? The Hell Michael had you not heard a word I said? You think I would go behind your back and purposely have an affair? With your /brother/ no less!?" Dean exclaimed tear filled eyes wide as he shook his head and leaned against the wall, one hand gripping the back of a chair as he swallowed "I'm going to vomit." He gasped swallowing thickly before pushing past Michael to the toilet.
Lucifer put a hand on his shoulder and took a deep breath to hold back his own feelings on the matter. His job was to be Michael's friend, and General, nothing more.
Gabriel gave a devious smirk and folded his four golden wings closer to his body revealing Sam and Adam
Dean looked up and a fresh sob grasped his throat "Cas is alright for right now! His wings are messed up, and he's lost a lot of blood and grace, but he should be alright!" Dean called up to his brother with a smile "This guy behind me needs to be cuff warded and brought back!"
"Do not speak to me that way you are a guest in my home and my kingdom. Tread Lightly old friend or we may have a grander issue!"
Using his angel strength Castiel blew the doors off the hinges. His eyes glowed with Grace, his wings spread in a challenge, his scent hostile as more demons ran at him, as they fell Castiel knew where he needed to go, the smell of distressed and in heat Omega had gotten stronger as they reached an inside cellar door at the back of the farmhouse. The Alpha Prince didn't care about keeping these demons alive, he didn't care about the blood on his armor, on his face, he didn't care about the anger he was admitting, these things had kidnapped a Prince, an Omega, barely 18 and due to be wed to a King, most importantly they kidnapped the Omega that Castiel was sure he would give the world, if Dean Winchester asked him.
Sure enough as Michael made it to the nearest balcony that overlooked the main courtyard the gates had already been opened and down below were horses and Angel's and humans.
Dean gave Balthazar a silent 'Thank you' and watched as they left. Once he was alone the Omega finally allowed himself to breath.
"Trust me Dean. He has it under control." The Beta smiled widely before taking Dean's hands and hoisting him to his feet. "Until then, let's get you in the nice hot bath I prepared for you yeah?" Dean nodded and pushed Charlie out of the bathroom
The fluttering sound of angel wings was a sound that Dean would never get used to, though his first reaction was to spin around and stab whatever popped up behind him, his second reaction was to smile, turn and greet it, it was hard to tell if the angel appearing behind him was friend or foe.
Castiel held the picture up carefully, he was sickened by the thought that Dean, his perfect Dean, was actually married to that alternate reality knock off of himself.
"That's me!" The boy gave Castiel a big gummy tooth filled smile "Your name is Prince, Casserole, Castle, Casino-" Adam frowned and stomped his foot "Dad told me how to say it in the carriage and I can't remember!"
"You will not speak such slander about your own brother Raphael." Michael snapped his wings fluffed on aggravation, his scent taking more dominant tones
"Right." Dean cleared his throat and straightened up as John pulled him into a tight hug. Dean swallowed in his Father's sharp scent and sighed.
"This is not a war! This is a wedding!" Her accent ran thick as her purple eyes scanned the disaster of a room.
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Gabriel cranked the window down, and rested his arm on the side as he let the evening air and smell of the distant ocean, the food and noise and lights of the city waft over him through the now open window. It felt amazing.
"It's okay Sammy. I'm here and safe now." Dean whispered as he kissed his brother's hair "I'm here." He grumbled again more reassuring himself rather his brother.
"Cohen? Before I forget. Your new partner Winchester should arrive later today so make sure you're here by four." Bobby added, merely lifting his gaze as he spoke.
"I've said it before, I'll say it again. We have to lay low for a while. The whole Smith scandal won't pass as fast as you think, Luce. We have to wait… You don't want to get back on the police radar, do you?" Castiel asked, running a hand through his black mop of hair. His glasses disregarded somewhere beneath the huge pile of paperwork he had behind him on his desk. As he looked at his brother, he was truly hoping he'd somehow get through to him.
"Hello dear." Lydia hummed patting her daughters head and frowning "What kind of ponytail is that? The top is all lumpy and it's crooked." The light haired woman went about pulling the pony tail out and redoing it "You'd think after 6 years of having a daughter You'd have a better handle on a basic ponytail. Unless of course you're to wrapped up in your... Other kid." Lydia frowned glancing up at Dean as he handed her Emma's pink and grey bag
"Fine! Yes I could've stopped Raphael! But I did not put him against you! Abaddon did! I let the duel happen because I wanted to see for myself which of you would be better fit to rule this Kingdom I-"
"What happened to him?" Michael said simply in a hushed tone as soliders wandered around going to rest and relax
But King Crowley surely would not be that foolish. He was a business man Afterall, he always backed out if he knew it would end badly for him. Pulling a stunt like this, kidnapping the future King's fiance was not a good career move.
"But abortion is against the law without the signing off of your Alpha. What if I decides to keep the kid and Michael makes me abort? What if I want to abort and Michael refuses to sign off on it? Charlie you're a Beta, you guys and can do whatever. But with Omega's theses are different." Dean explained trying to keep a level head was difficult right now. He felt he needed to throw up again, but he also wanted food.
"I'm not Benny." Michael's voice jolted Dean enough to look at the Archangel. Concern etched all over the Angel's tanned face "Benny retrieved me. Said there was a lot of yelling coming from the two of you and was worried."
"You really don't have to. I understand if you don't trust me. I'm just an odd Omega Prince." He opened his hand but paused unsure if he should. Michael was face the window and Dean was facing him his back to the window.
"And this watering can full of rocks wasn't enough?" Dean chuckled noticing the bright green watering can full of rocks that Dean and Cas had been using in part of the yard.
Michael ended up locked in battle with a couple of soldiers, the room sounding like the battlefield that the Crowned Prince had spent years on. The smell of sulfer that underlined the sweat of the Demon soldiers put hisind right back on the battlefields of fighting against Hell.
Sam turned back to the blond as they entered Gabe's chambers, the door was then closed and the Archangel let out a sigh
With another enraged roar Raphael ran and with a flap of his wings jumped, sword swinging down like a guillotine in an attempt to strike Michael down.
"It's possible Dean. You were in heat, forced to stay that way for months... And you know that Omega's are more susceptible to pregnancy when in heat. That's the entire purpose of heats." Sam kept his voice calm, kept his scent calm. Dean was already stressed and in enough pain that Sam didn't want to make anything worse
His heart panged with a sadness he was used to. Part of him had almost wanted to never find the Omega Prince, but he knew that would only cause problems. Still he couldn't be happy if Michael wasn't happy and Michael had even shared his concerns about the marriage with him.
"Alpha, I'm ready when you are." Dean's voice rang out, the Winchester stood beside his steed, Baby shuffled and stamped her hooves impatient to get running as Dean held her reigns and kept his eyes on the ground
10 years difference. The young Omega Prince found it quit distressing and only one more problem to be added to his long list of problems.
"Yeah?" Dean opened his eyes and squeaked (totally like a man) as Castiel flicked the sweat at Dean.
"The truth is Lucifer, if it weren't for this marriage, if peace wasn't on the line..." Michael stood and took Lucifer's hand in both of his, the other Alpha turned a deeper shade of red and his eyes widened
It was a decent walk back. Michael was able to let everything sink in, and while he still did not forgive himself for having to take his brother's life, he felt he could try to at least move on. He would be crowned king and marry Dean soon, he figured his first act as king would be to help Crowley regain his throne, the Demon was a business man afterall and Michael was sure by offering his services a peaceful alliance could be drawn up with Hell for the first time in generations.
"Garth asked you a question." Benny laughed with a shake of his head "He wanted to know 'bout potty training." He laughed a barreling kind of laugh. Benny Lafitte, was a big burly bear of a man, with a deep Louisiana accent, a well trimmed beard, kind blue eyes and a family kind of attitude.
Really he felt a lot better. The Prince swung his legs over the side of the bed his feet hitting the fluffy rug. Castiel let out a startled gasp as a harsh needle like sensation ripped through his left wing
"I promise Gabriel. I'll find the Prince for you, for Michael." He said softly with a slight smile, a hand on the shorter Alpha's shoulder "Go take care of Michael and make sure the dumbass sleeps. I will find his Omega."
Now that Lucifer had Officially met the Omega his best friend was to marry, well, Prince Dean Winchester seemed like the opposite of absolutely everything he had heard. He wasn't kind, he wasn't proper, he wasn't kingly, he was a spoiled bitch. He was definitely still a child.
With a heavy sigh Castiel leaned back against the headboard of, what had been for a good amount of years, he and Dean's bed. Cas supposed it was just his bed now. They had an odd run in with Dean from the past, and he thought it would be okay, both he and his own Dean thought it would be okay. They had the Colt, they knew where Lucifer was, this other Dean was going to help them, they would be okay. It was all supposed to be okay.
"We have to do this more often, Gabe." he beamed as he too enjoyed the slowly cooling breeze that carried the slightly salty taste of the ocean with it. It felt so carefree to be sitting in Gabe's car with him. "Plus, once Luci has finally made it official with his kitten, and you finally bite bait with that Kali stunner too, it will perfectly appropriate to spoil the four of you with a tacky beach date. I'll be more than happy to play James' part for an evening." he grinned, referring to their butler.
The room stood silent, the only movement was the shuffle of wings, or the twitch of a nose through the thick scent of anger that filled the dining room.
Dean hugged her back burying his nose in the crook of her neck. She may not have birthed him but she was there when he needed her. He loved her and found her scent of fresh grass and lavender relaxing.
Benny and Garth watched from the doorway, Garth looking up to whisper to Benny as they watched Dean speak to the customer
With a groan Dean sauntered over to the desk Charlie had indicated. He stood to the side, knowing the desk right in front and practically attached to the other mans was his, that and it had a nice desk plate with the name 'Detective D. Winchester' inscribed on it, facing the long walkway
"Why?" Michael took half a step back to give the Omega a tad bit more space, not wanting his worried scent to overwhelm the Prince
John had considered that arrangement when Dean was younger having Dean marry Crowley when he came of age, but both Kings had decided it wouldn't be right.
"Forget I asked anything. I don't want to settle and I will stop talking about silly children's stories." Gold wings shifted in unease as Gabriel's whiskey gaze tore itself from his father's almost wrathful one
"I could if you do not think he will open up about, well whatever it is." Castiel offered maybe a bit to eagerly for Michael's comfort.
Michael had found it amusing how much the young human prince fancied and spoiled his horse. The past several days had been getting the horse acquainted with the Stable staff and exploring, with Michael actually, the many riding trails.
"Excuse me, I know I'm early, but uh I'm Detective Winchester and I do think you're my new partner." The greeting came out as forced politeness and gritted teeth. As much as Dean had been wanting to investigate the scandalous and mysterious Novak family, that seemingly had fingers in all the cookie jars, but never got caught, never got solid proof against any of them, and they always generally stayed out of the limelight, he didn't want to be partnered with some guy that thought Dean was an over privileged tag along. Michael lifted his gaze as he heard a confident sounding voice address him.
"I'm an Alpha your Majesty. Leave it be and go to breakfast. Stop trying to cause issues when you are a guest in our home." Gabriel spoke lifting his chin in almost a challenge before rushing past the Demon King and halting before his father's chambers.
Lucifer smiled kissing the back of her hand again as his eyes trained on the road and pulling into their favorite bar
"It is settled then!" The Minister announced as Michael practically fell to one knee, the crown of a Prince removed from his now messed up hair, to be replaced wjth the Crown of a King." Michael stood, turned to the crowd, all of his blood splattered white wings spread out as nearly everyone applauded. Though Michael still shed a few silent tears.
"Take a breather, Cohen, you make me rethink my decision to let you carry iron in public." Bobby replied, unfazed by his detective's temper tantrum at all. "Go for a smoke, Mike. And once you're done, sit your ass back in that chair and find out a way to get me the Devil. Don't make me send you back to your old police department."
When Dean came a little closer Cas noticed his red rimmed eyes, the way his nose twitched as he tried not to sniffle, the large couple of cuts on his forehead had dried and had begun to scab over, his knuckles were raw and torn open. "Do you wanna talk about it?"
"No. We need more stubborn Dean like Omegas with a sassy mouth and don't need no Alpha attitude. Not weak Alphas with an Omega scent"
"The fuck?" Dean asked as they were lunged into near silence. The only sound being the muffled vroom of the cars below them on the street.
"But you might be." Sam added standing up, he set the pillow to the side and took a cautious step towards his brother. Before he could say anything more Dean growled, spun around and wiped everything off the vanity
"But Crowley has no Queen and his mother disappeared when we were still young." Michael questioned with a raised brow and a hand on his hip, the other on his chin
"I dread that I must wake up from this spell. I cannot stand to go back to how everything was, the marriage, my-my ki-kidnapping and a life not in your arms." Dean sucked in a harsh breath "I cannot and do not want to live another day without your wings around me and your heartbeat under my hand, I do not want to wake up next to anyone else, I just... I cannot stay in this little dream with you any longer. For I know if I do I will think of nothing else for the remainder of my days."
"Gabriel promised? The dude that's been sick for two days? That Gabriel?" Dean wiped his mouth and shot a glare to the red haired maid "Chuck has already made it loud and clear that he will cause issues if I don't go through with this, the whole reason we're doing this damned marriage is because some bitchy Queen said it was that or war. So what is Gabriel, of all people supposed to do to fix this!" Dean cried out from where he was seated on the bathroom tile
With a sigh Dean held tightly to the feather incased in glass and gold before managing to tuck it down through the high and suffocating lace neck of his shirt.
Dean shifted slightly as he looked about the Beta soliders, they all averted their eyes but he saw the way their noses twitched. But Betas weren't so affected by an Omega in heat, how Lucifer and Castiel were staying sane was beyond the human Prince.
"I will fetch your pillows, and as for her as my future Queen I simply don't know Dean." Sam handed his brother more pillows, one went behind the Omega's back, the others under each knee, and the last one over his lap.
Dean let a huffed and pained smile slid onto his lips before slipping away with the tear that rolled down his freckled and half bruised face
Any moment he would wake up... Any moment now. Dean's breathing was shallow and panicked as he squirmed and tried to focus.
"I'm glad you had time. How was your meeting yesterday? I was really close to calling your boss. It's whacky how long he's making you work." she sighed, shaking her head in discontent.
"I know. But for once I thought maybe you would tell me what to do. I have many options and I don't know which one is right." The freckled prince chewed his bottom lip as further worry set in "I will have the decision made by the wedding... I promise."
"Why not just do a wedding pie instead? It'd be much better." Dean grumbled as his excitement of eating cake deflated with what felt like the millionth version of vanilla.
"What happened? Why'd you have to go face him alone? Why'd you send me down the other way? Why Dean?" Castiel looked up at the ceiling, his nose was running, and as he looked up the tears ran down his temples and into his hair but he didn't give a fuck.
"Enough out of you." She sighed, rolling her brightly decorated eyes "The King will decide what to do with you. As I'm sure everyone present, including Foreign Royalty may agree you are unfit to continue to rule." The Witch snapped when the angel tried to speak "Restrain him!" Her accented voice thundered through the room making Angel Gaurds do as they were ordered
This was good. This made the Omega part of him happy. It felt nice, of course the fact that he was in heat, and losing the battle of his self control paid heavily into all of this.
"No!" Chuck's gaze was dark and threatening as the Alpha lifted his chin "We do not bring /her/ into this. Your mother stays out of this also. Michael is to marry the Omega Prince provided Abaddon didn't taint him to badly. He is never to be with another Alpha Regardless of what your mother can reveal. Red Strings mean nothing in politics. Love means nothing in withholding Peace."
"He loves someone else and Michael does as well. Chuck can't you see that or are you really that blind?" John growled slammed a fist down on the table to get the Angel to look at him "I have a feeling you know why that is the case already."
"But you will be. We have nearly all the planning done. The date is set for three weeks, which gives my face plenty of time to finish healing so I will look nice for the wedding. You are my Alpha whether you like it or not." Dean swallowed what felt like a boulder as he spoke the next sentence
When you get to the scene separation _____ it jumps back to the morning to show what the Princes were up to when Lilith arrived
"Now now pet. I'm going to have some fun with this." He moved a tray of various sharp objects off to the side and crouched in front of Dean, hand resting on his knee.
"Rowena, yes I know the whore. But tell me." Crowleyeaned forward hands folding together as he tilted his head at the Prince
"How was I supposed to react to that?!" Chuck was in near hysterics, voice climbing high as his wings shook, feathers rippling like an ocean storm "How was I supposed to deal with supposed Fate picking out another Alpha for my son? How was I supposed to deal wirh that Alpha being an Angel raised in HELL most of his childhood? How was I supposed to live knowing Fate wanted my son to be some-some abomination!? Answer me that Michael!" The King nearly screamed, eyes wild. The veins in his neck popped, face turning red
Though Cas knew that Dean's processing was just another beer, another hunt, another angry outburst, which was fine, if he was actually processing and not burying his emotions and thoughts deeper in himself.
Michael cleared his throat but said nothing for a moment, a moment to long, Chuck raised his eyebrow at his son and Lucifer shifted his weight
Michael tore his mind from the pain of his wound, it wasn't even bad. But the steady slow drip of warm thick blood through his sleeve was very distracting.
Of course it was one that Gabriel knew and began to sing the song along with the radio, trying to imitate the deep rolling voice of the invisible singer on the radio
Michael had to actively clear his head as he found himself staring into thin air once again - the young, grey-eyed detective frequently got lost in thoughts, especially if he was to analyse something. Most of the time, just thinking out loud would've made the situation he was in so much easier, but no. He was a thinker. After clearing his throat and adjusting his tie, he gave Dean another nod and pushed the newspaper articles towards him - a non-verbal invitation to share what he knew with the casanova in front of him.
"Cas no... no no don't-" Dean was cut off as Castiel attacked his sides. The hunter burst into hysterical laughter. Squirming and shaking to try and get his husband to stop
The floppy haired Prince kept a close eye on Gabriel, as the usually smiling Alpha, with a joke on his lips and bounce in his step was very burdened down. His whiskey colored eyes were dulled of their usual mischievous glimmer, his wings shuffled and stayed lowered, a frown graced his lips, eyebrows furrowed and his scent had a bitter tang to his usually warm and inviting sweet scent of chocolate and springtime.
"Of course I would." Gabriel barked a laugh, settling in the driver's seat "But the world isn't ready for two of me."
Dean closed his eyes. A few slow tears slipped silently down his freckled cheeks. He felt safe in his father's arms, safe as he was surrounded by his father's scent.
"You're telling me... Dad wanted to join us for cake tasting. Any excuse for sweets really." Dean frowned shifting in his seat as more cake was shoved at them, only making him feel more sick to the stomach
This sight, this took Castiel's breath away. Dean stood with the moon illuminating his face, his eyes shining an indescribable green like the pools of a forest trapped between fantasy and reality, even if one eyes was swollen in a nasty purple and yellow, his freckles dotted his tanned face in such a way to rival the stars for the constellations of the Heavens, the Human pulled his green and gold robe a little tighter around him and his broad shoulders relaxed when he realized it was Castiel.
Dean was standing in front of the window staring out at the open and rolling dark winter water of the beautiful sea.
"I love you to Feathers." Dean smiled as his eyes slipped closed. They stood like that for a moment, Castiel's lips resting on Dean's forehead and Dean just loving the contact.
Dean shook his head, clamping his mouth shut as he began to shut everything out. He couldn't breath, couldn't think, couldn't speak properly. It made him angry. It made the anger of everything that was going on finally bubble over and he let out a pained cry before shoving the vanity to the ground. The large piece of wood crashed to the marble floor, the mirror shattered and scattered everywhere, drawers opened and cracked.
Castiel pulled the blankets around himself, pulled his knees up, resting his cheek on them as more tears fell. He was surprised he could even still cry.
"Yes." Castiel said simply "I made sure no Alphas went into the wing he is in, and that only the Beta maids went to him."
Michael looked stunned for just a second, a look of terror came over Balthazar, Gabriel shrank back biting back a laugh. Michael made eye contact across the table at Dean, smirked and took a handful of grabs and cheese cubes and hurled it right at the Omega.
"I want to speak with her about a personal affair." Gabriel knew he couldn't give his father details. Who knew how Chuck would react to finding out that Dean and Castiel had fallen for eachother. His father could be unpredictable at times
"I am not sure Prince. But you're welcome to check." Benny stepped to the side to allow Sam to enter to which Sam gave the gaurd a kind smile and quietly entered his brother's room.
"Okay Gabriel. I will try... But what if-" the rest of the sentence was left heavy on Castiel's tongue and the Alpha couldn't finish it.
"Fuck." He muttered running a hand through his hair successfully messing it up "I've made a damn nest..." Dean rubbed at his scalp a moment, his other hand on his stomach again as a fresh wave of nausea came to him.
John remained planted where he was standing. Staring at Chuck with a look of defiant anger in his eyes
His eyes widened slightly and he cleared his throat as a hand went to nervously rub the back of his neck "Forget it I got carried away..."
Michael smiled, his eyes twinkled with matched amusement and he couldn't help but stare at Dean as the Omega Prince turned red and grumbled under his breath. His demeanor looking angry but his green eyes holding no heat.
And soon Michael stood alone. The rain coming down almost suddenly as his knees hit the wet graveside grass. The carriages and companies of friends and family riding off towards the palace where they would share stories and eat their fill of food.
"Don't lie. You smell horrible and you were crying under a tree all wrapped up in your wings when I came outside."
"But know this, I've already lost one son, don't make me lose you as well." The King spoke with sadness in his tone as he looked at his second oldest son.
"Thank you!" Michael looked to Dean, the Omega was on his knees, bent back a little uncomfortably, the sword had clattered away from him, Abaddon had him by the hair with her sword under his chin. With a beat of his Wings Michael grabbed his sword, flippinh it in a circular motion it caught fire as it did
"What is that supposed to mean?" The Prince huffed forcing himself to his feet, bloody dagger gripped in his hand as he looked at Rowena and then Chuck in turn
"I know." Castiel breathed, leaning his forehead against the Humans "This-this is something I never knew could happen." He whispered his eyes slipping shut, hands resting on Dean's arms
"Don't thank me Dean. You would have done the same, no, you have done the same for me." Castiel whispered placing a kiss to Dean's hair "Try to sleep."
"Dean my boy you'll be fine! You had years of Alpha training before you presented and really you hardly act like an Omega at all anyway. I'm more worried for the Royal family of Heaven then I am for you."
"Shut up Michael and let me speak." Lucifer spoke surprisingly gentle though his scent was heavily aggressive and angry.
Pushing Castiel over to the side, Dean knelt beside his Cas. Pulling the angel up as he tried to get him to open his eyes
Dean tried to pull his face out of Alistair's hand but the demon only gripped his face harder, his fingers digging into the Human's cheeks, and it hurt like Hell.
On the border of Heaven and Hell, outside a small mining village that was no longer thriving as much as it had in the past, as the war had strained many small villages and towns such as this.
"Don't speak. Try not to move." Lucifer looked much worse now that he was close to the other Archangel, his wings were in horrible condition, chunks of feathers missing, bare bone exposed, bent and twisted in ways unnatural for any of the man's six wings. The pinks and reds obscured by caked dark blood and dirt.
He opened his arms to Dean, making grabby hands at the freckled hunter Dean rolled his eyes, arms crossed over his chest
Castiel was about to ask why when Lucifer spoke to Dean fir the first time as the older man understood
He was so protective, caring, loving, gentle yet tough and stubborn enough to keep her on her toes, he handled her temper wonderfully and even fighting always ended happily-- well… she glanced down at where her dress covered a still invisible bump.
Dean's eyes slipped half closed and he would never admit that he may have had a little pout on his lips. The horrid events of the last hunt slipped to the back of his mind as he focused on the steady beating of the Angel's heart. Dean blinked slowly as Castiel ran his fingers through Dean's hair, the Winchester felt the familiar warm tug of grace wrap around him, the aching in his knuckles, and head started to ebb as Castiel took this moment to heal him.
Dean kept his eyes trained on where his hand rested on the doo handle to the vast library. His ears felt on fire and he hated it, his stomach twisted with the negative self deprecating thoughts that clawed at the edges of his mind.
"Well when it comes to ladies, You just gotta know how to talk to talk to them and you can get information on anything you want. Because honestly, women are everywhere, at our hips, in our arms, raising our children, buying our groceries, making our meals, ironing our shirts, taking our phone calls. They know everything," Dean noted pulling out of the parking lot with ease
They didn't talk, and when there was a knock on the door some time later Sam didn't bother to answer, as Gabriel had fallen asleep, his head on Sam's chest, wings stretched over the teen and bed. Tears dried down his cheeks as he had finally let it all crumble.
Charlie didn't bother hiding her laughter as the woman playfully nudged the soon to be King's arm and moved past him
Not alcohol, not smoking, not pills, not sex, not sleep, nothing. The pain was still there, still aching and filling his cracks with bitter ooze.
Michael nodded and looked over Dean's shoulder at Lucifer and the twittering Omega woman, and he couldn't stop the flare of jealousy that swelled in his chest.
"Angel-Cas? Where the fu-" Dean came to a halt in the doorway of his living room. His living room that had been very much rearranged.
"Are you sure?" Lucifer asked leaning forward, his wings flapped a couple of times to get the feathers to relax.
"No need to bow to me Castiel. We aren't even in a public setting, to which in your kingdom it is I who would bow to you" the young Alpha chuckled
"Good night Michael. I'm sorry I have complicated your future." He mumbled as he headed down the hall opposite of the Prince.
"Your Highness!" Benny exclaimed his free hand up in defense as the other was pinned painful behind his back by the Omega Prince
"ENOUGH!" Her hands swung out to either side, a wave of glittering almost electric purple shot from her painted nails in an arch pushing everyone aside
Gabriel smiled at Sam as the teen fought back tears, and couldn't help the small laugh that escaped his lips as Sam pulled Castiel into a bone crushing hug.
He opened his mouth to speak, but was cut off with a grunt as a bundle of red hair collided into his chest with a squeal.
The last thing he remembered before the world went black was the overwhelming stench of angry Alpha, accompanied by the smell of burning coals and ash.
"Your Majesty." The beta smiled innocently and laughed when Michael jumped, being started by the red heads sudden presence.
"Cassie, Castiel." He dropped the nickname to put emphasis on the importance of his next words "The Smith Scandal will blow over. Promise we won't get caught or whatever. Just, balance out the books and get some shut-eye. You ain't been sleeping much."
As Michael heard Bobby's subtle accusation and Dean's reaction, he frowned faintly. Were they not related? Was it all a myth? Why would the lieutenant not pull his nephew into a hug and proudly present him to everyone?
Dean couldn't tell what the Alpha was feeling as the angel knew how to keep his scent Neutral, but Dean was sure he picked up on notes of nervousness.
"Where would this place be on the map? Will you fly there and carry Claire? Would you take a boat? How exactly are you planning on getting there?" Sam rambled his questions, eyes scanning the maps to keep from letting Gabriel see his embarrassment
"Shut up-" Chuck started but John did not quiet, instead he stood upn hands on the table as he glared at that angel
"Is Dean alright?" Castiel asked looking from Gabriel, who had been sent to locate the Winchester, and Sam, who was last seen with the freckled Prince.
"How do I ask this of you?" The King grumbled before he finally exhaled "I need you to seduce Michael."
"If you're sure than I will get a few men and personally locate the Prince." Lucifer said as he grabbed the long smooth silver blade he owned and his boots. Sitting down he began to shove his boots back on as he looked up at Gabriel "Where was the last you saw him?"
Right now Dean just wanted to be assured that everything would be ok, and he wanted to be held, cuddled, he didn't want to think.
"Some bitch. You needn't worry though. She was appalled by Apparently how our Future King had treated her. She was spotted during the duel, made the Omega Prince upset, I set off to fix it." Lucifer explained not taking his eyes off where the carriage was still in sight
"Enough of this prattling. Chuck is hardly a father." John's voice boomed, echoing in the room as he forced himself with a hiss to stand straighter, hand still over his side "He has my blessing to be King over Heaven."
Dean hissed in pain as the woman's long nail dug into the small cut on his lip and she growled a little
"Of course not." Cas answered quickly squinting slightly at the younger Prince who happened to be about his own height though four years younger "I do not understand what gave you the idea that I would. Is Dean alright?"
Dean immediately stood up, moving pillows around on the love seat that sat across the armchairs he and Castiel were lounging in
"Castiel is in here with me. He fell asleep." He said simply as the shorter Alpha closed his brightly painted gold and black door.
Castiel bristled at that comment. The great battles during the four year war with Hell that Michael had led, and killing his own brother is what made their father proud of the older Novak?
"He's not a bartering chip! He is your SON! Your own flesh and blood! You can't just sell him off to the highest bidder like an animal! I'm so very sorry he wasn't an Alpha but you can't do this to him!" Sam raised his voice in a threatening growl and this time  Dean did let out an involuntary whimper.
Dean frowned slightly unsure what his Father was getting out. His heat was due in two weeks. He didn't think he would be traveling anywhere for quite some time.
The young Alpha jumped slightly as someone suddenly poked his forehead. Opening his eyes and looking down ever so slightly he noticed his brother Gabriel standing there, finger between Castiel's eyebrows.
"Dean." Sam's voice was quiet but firm. Dean's shoulders went rigid and he gripped the vanity where he stood. His eyes never leaving his brother's through the mirror
"Don't apologize. I didn't realize you weren't paying attention." John spoke softly as he looked at Dean's wide eyes.
Finally though he allowed the blond demon, or Lilith, as her passport stated, passage and with a flick of the reigns she pulled through the gates.
"I think it's a Wichester attraction to Novaks. Afterall, Adam did finally ask to Date Samandriel. Though Alfie was a bit insecure about it at first."
Dean's nose flared at the scent of Rose's and sulpher and Alpha. It was repulsive but his body responded to it with a need that Dean would much rather try his hardest to ignore.
As she finished handing out plates, and pouring drinks, the door opened again, slower this time. Michael stepped in first, followed by a slow walking Lucifer. The General had bandages around his head and neck, his arms, hands, his wings were splinted, bald patches of burned skin littered the once beautiful bloody red and pink hues.
"What happened Sam?" Cas spoke softly, eyes never leaving Dean as he watched the man stomp away to sulk in whatever was eating at his mind
Dean swallowed thickly, the smell of hostility coming off of Chuck was out of character and strong enough to make the Omega Prince lower his head in a bow of submission
Dean was fbe last Winchester to leave the room, and if John noticed the mouthed 'thank you' directed at the Alpha angel, and finger twitch from Dean's hand he didn't say anything.
"If you're sure Dean." Castiel whispered low, warm strong hand still resting on rhe Omega's lower back, wing still stretched behind him
"Come here." Castiel let go of Dean, plopping down onto the couch with the grace of a sack of potatoes.
"Dean, I care about you. I care about the child you're carrying but, I don't romantically love you. I don't think I ever will be able to love you the way everyone expects." The Archangel started, he took a deep breath, hands scrubbing over his face, eyes glistening with unwashed tears "My heart belongs to another. I feel I've already betrayed a marriage that isn't even official. I feel I've betrayed you in the fact I shall never be able to properly love you. Not for what's happened to you, not even close. But my heart will never belong to you, my live with never be there for you in the way that a husband should have for his spouse." The glistening tears finally slipped silently down Michael's cheeks. The Alpha's voice cracked "I shall love the children we are to have, and I shall love you as a friend. But I can never love you how a husband should love his spouse. It is nothing you have done, it is nothing will have done, and it certainly is not because of the terrible tortured you have endured." Michael finally turned his wet gaze to meet Dean's
"I married MY Castiel, I married MY angel, I'm sorry you didn't get a happy ending. But please, don't ruin mine." Dean tried to keep his voice calm as he stared into the glowing almost white eyes of the furious angel
"Mary Ellen you traitor!" Dean laughed, he found the area he was sure was the entrance and paused outside the sock line "Playing hunters huh?" Dean let out a low whistle, Miracle came bounding out of the fort causing his daughter, husband and Nephew to groan and shout. "Pick up boy." Dean commanded and immediately Miracle grabbed a sock in his teeth and handed it to Dean.
As Michael's eyes flicked back to the angered angel attacking him he moved a second to late. A sharp stinging tore in his shoulder and down his arm. Of course his arms held little armor but that didn't matter, neither angel wore much armor at all, this was meant to be a traditional fight.
Both young Princes stared and dared not say a word, they both barely breathed as Dean's hands clenched from the fists that were tightly holding Castiel's robe. He smoothed out the wrinkled silk with a look of determination and a blush starting at his ears at how close the two were.
It was the middle of June, and 90 degrees Fahrenheit, with no working air conditioning. Dean Winchester and Castiel Novak were trying to get some sleep, but Dean was being a pillow hog. The window was open letting in a somewhat cool evening breeze, a fan in the corner whirred, clicking as it rotated back and forth in stuttering, herky movements, the cars drove by, the sound of it more noticeable through the screen and three stories up in their apartment.
"He gave me two weeks. Two weeks to, uh, seduce you. I even brought up the point of Royal Angel's being taught the whole virgin until marriage thing. He said he knew, and didn't care. That I would never truly understand his intentions and-" Dean cut himself off. Chewing his lip and wincing when the chapped and cracked flesh began to bleed.
"Really now? What part doesn't sit right with you? The age gap? The arrangement? The expectancy for the two to fall in love?"
"I know what you mean. I honestly never knew my mother. But I hear Dean talking to her sometimes before he moved here." Sam spoked softly as if anything over a whisper would shatter the very air they breathed. This moment seemed personal for the both of them and Sam dared not ruin it
"Milady," Alistair cut in as the hand slipped away from Dean's face "We do have a couple other loyalists to deal with."
"He is not my Prince! I serve one Royalty, the Queen of Hell! Abaddon will  reign! She will crush the kingdoms beneath her heel and rule then with an iron fist! She will bring Chaos and Death to all her adversaries! She. WILL reign." With a deep chuckle he tilted his head, eyes white and unsettling "I enjoy the Omega whore. He's pretty." The demon than spat on Castiel's boot which made the Prince frown, a look came over his face that had Lucifer shift his six large wings nervously.
The dark-haired, feisty woman Lucifer called his girlfriend, actually managed to land a very simple secretary position at the bank Hannah's father owned.
"I'm usually punctual." Dean frowned upon meeting his Uncle's eyes "You told me 3 and I'm here at 3."
The warm body on his twitched and groaned grumbling about their back hurting and their wings being asleep.
"I'm sorry. Truly I am... I did try to escape. Almost bit fingers off and headbutted some jerk in the nose." Dean grumbled as he pulled his legs onto the chair and sat sideways, knees bent over one of the armrests
Someone had just touched up Dean's face to cover his yellowed and healing bruises, white wings came off his eyes,blond lashes turned silver, a dusting of silver along his cheeks, his upper lip was done red, a red line down the middle of his lower lip. It took everything in him not to bite his lip in worry. The prince would have much rather covered the healing bruises and brought a little light to his face, but this was one of Heaven's traditions he had no say in.
"Dean. Just Dean. You're to be my husband Afterall so enough if the formalities, uh Michael." He spoke and felt his tongue like lead in his mouth but he swallowed back and shifted his weight.
Lucifer kept a hand rested on the hilt of his sword, his wings ridged and ready, all six of the bloody and pink wings ready to fight if need be. He was in a particularly bad mood this morning, regardless of the singing birds and blue skies. Spring was definitely well underway and Lucifer hated it, though he hated the cold even more.
"Well little Prince, when I am King he will have to do as I say. I will have to Train the stupid child how to properly behave." Raphael pointed at Dean with his knife as he glared at Sam
"Those things don't define you Gabriel. Look at Dean. He's an Omega but he likes and acts like everything people say Omega's shouldn't be and he's still an Omega. Honestly there need to be more gentle Alphas."
The dinner table continued to sit in an awkward silence after Michael dismissed himself. The sounds of clinking silverware and glasses was overbearing and Castiel couldn't take it anymore.
John Winchester had been injured in the ruckus, but was healing well, Lucifer was in a really bad shape, healing slowly but surely as Rowena used magic to help quicken his wounds and try to reverse the severe damage to his wings, in hopes he'd be able to fly again.
Castiel had greatly embarrassed his eldest brother and threatened a guest of the King. This was a horrible nightmare and the Angel Prince just wanted to wake up.
With a sigh Dean watched as a few servants hauled his things down the stairs and loaded them onto the coach.
"Welcome your Highness. I am Prince Castiel Novak of Heaven, I shall show you to your quarters that have been made especially for your needs."
Dean let out a low rumbling growl, it would of been more intimidating if he were an Alpha, but Omega's could be dangerous.
"My elephant." Big round hazel eyes blinked up at Dean "The pink one Uncle Sammy got me for Christmas" she added as if her father didn't know which elephant she was talking about
That was when he noticed the butterfly bandage and scrape along Castiel's cheekbone, the cast around his what Dean assumed was his none dominant right wrist, as he was writing very neatly with his left "Dog would've done less damage. But I'm glad you didn't kill anything. Yourself included, telephone poles can be a bitch."
"Sit first." Lucifer muttered pulling a crate of potatoes over and setting Michael on it. "What's in the bag by the way?" He asked pointing to the satchel that Michael held clutched in his fist like a lifeline
Both Castiel and Dean turned bright red. Unsure how to explain that she didn't come from their stomachs.
"I think we all are. I would have been fine with it but-" Michael shook his head to give himself a moment to think of some excuse for the young prince
Sam vowed silently that whoever was responsible for doing this to his strong big brother were going to wish they never messed with the Winchesters.
This time the voice of a little girl chirped out her response with a loud squealing laughter and Castiel's gruff
"I'll be alright Sam I promise. You focus on Dean and support him through any hard decisions he will have to make. I'm sure a lot is on his mind right now."
"I said shut up!" Michael roared swinging his blade closer to his father, the flaming tip just far enougj from the Kings face not to burn his beard "The blood of my brother is on my hands because of you! The man I love is near dead because of you! Dean was kidnapped and tortured because of this foolish wedding when you knew-YOU KNEW what Fate wanted!"
Dean put a hand over his heart as he felt the organ want to burst from his chest. Taking deep breaths he began to calm down and finally would be making his way down to his brothers and step mother for breakfast.
"Now, this my dear Prince's is the most anticipated wedding of the century!" Lilith smiled at Dean with the darkest smile the Omega had ever seen "I'm thinking, something classy and Enochian for Prince Michael, and perhaps a traditional Omega wedding gown for you Prince Dean."
Crowley sat back, resting his chin on his fist, legs crossed as he examined the angry angel before him
For the entire month Michael was snappy with the guards, snappy with his brothers, and even snappy with Sam and his Father.
"Our lives are a mess. Like a ball of string." Dean commented flopping back in the soft grass, looking up at the blue gray sky and wispy white clouds
"I'm not Dean's big brother! I'm his littlest brother! Him and Sammy are bigger than me" The boy looked almost offended by the idea
"I know Lucifer, we just have to get you outside..." Sam mumbled nearly falling when Lucifer's legs almost gave out under him
"I came to check on you-" Sam paused, nose twitching at the stink of distress emitting from his older brother, it mingled with the faint smell of what he remembered as Chuck, and something else he couldn't place. His eyebrows furrowed as he looked around noticing the excess of blankets and pillows, along with Castiel's coat that littered Dean's bed.
Upon pulling into Kelly's drive he hopped out, took three calming breaths to exhale the rest of the anger in his belly before striding up her walk.
"Go be with Michael and your family. I will take this into my own hands, it shall be dealt with." He gave the worried Prince a reassuring smile and shooed him away.
"And what, needs to be rediscussed?" The demon King crowed, lips quirking into a snake like grin. Hands folding under his chin with a slight tilt of his head, pointed black horns glinting in the low warm light of the chandelier.
Both Alpha and Omega were on edge all day, but managed to lighten up when it came time to taste test cake flavors.
"Where did I grow up? That's a fun story. Originally we're from a town in Kansas. Moved here when I was around 13 and Sammy was like 8 or 9... Little Adam was just 4 or 5 at the time. They're my little brothers. As for learning bout cars? It was interesting actually. When I was a teen, before becoming a cop I worked at one of those gas stations that doubled as a repair garage. Learnt everything I know about cars there. These contraptions are truly fascinating and one of the best things man has invented... Right next to running hot water and lingerie," Dean winked not even bothering to hide his amusement at Michael's face.
"Adam, sometimes grown ups hide why they're sad to protect the people they care about. Your parents and brothers just don't want you to be worried."
The man he was to be married to he barely knew at all. They had met at large balls and various galas, but only ever briefly and they never spoke to each other...
Michael and Sam left Dean alone, as the Omega closed the door Sam let out a heavy sigh, shoulders drooping
"How close are you to General Lucifer? I mean I know you're both friends but-nevermind forget it." He huffed wiling at his eyes. He was so overwhelmed with everything going on, the Alpha still wasn't sure how he could help Dean in his situation, he could talk to his father about calling off the wedding. Tell him that Earth and Heaven will remain Allies, but a marital alliance was unnecessary.
But none of it was okay. When the gunfire stopped, and Castiel had found that garden, Lucifer was gone, and Dean lie in the grass, neck snapped and face blank.
With the flutter of wings Castiel appeared outside the bunker, he knew the main entrance would be locked, and while the bunker was warded, it wasn't warded to their Castiel, hence it wasn't warded to keep him out either.
"So you are unhappy with the current arrangement?" Lilith questioned as she stood and went about writing down the numbers
"It's fine. Just never direct a growl at me and we'll be alright... Also stand straight. You're a Prince and future King afterall." Dean noted as his younger brother stopped his slouching.
"You utter bastard." Lucifed sniffed, a few tears slipped down his cheeks and he ignored them, his eyes locked with the conviction of ice in front of him "I told you not to say stuff like that. I told you, and you don't listen you utter dumbass." Lucifer huffed, wings shaking as he contained his emotions to the best of his ability "When I see you at the alter with him. I will wish it were I standing hand in hand with you. That it was I you will hold at night, that I will have your mind, body and soul, not just your heart. I will spend everyday protecting you as I have always done, and protecting your children and even Dean. That won't change. But now you've gone and said some things that change everything."
The thought of simply plunging into the dark swirling water seemed so very tempting, to end this pain that ate at his shattered heart and his very soul.
The other Cas easily dodged the attack, grabbed Dean's wrist with one arm, spinning him around as he slammed him into the thin wall of the cheap motel room. Dean groaned as one arm was pinned behind his back, the other above his head resulting in him dropping the shining blade.
Michael didn't respond to his father's words, but they did cut deeply. His father had been Doubting his ability to lead. Because that was what Michael needed to hear right now...
Glancing over Lucifer met eyes with Gabriel and the two Archangels exchanged a silent conversation. Both completely understanding what was happening, and what would be taking place.
The blonde knight's frown only deepened and Dean hated this guys smug but furious looking face. The Angel's wings twitched and flexed a few times before he crossed his arms over his armored chest.
"Maybe we should give him some space. Afterall he is still adjusting, his family went home yesterday, and wedding planning goes full swing tomorrow and he is expected to make a majority of the decisions." Michael reasoned hoping that it was only the pressure getting to his fiance.
"Good night my Prince." Castiel kissed the back of Dean's hand with a bow before taking off up into the sky and out of sight against the black of midnight.
For all he knew, Dean was actually the beautiful, kind hearted and stubborn Omega Prince the world craved...
Another round of clearing his throat later, Michael snapped out of his daze and turned his head back around to find Dean still sitting on his desk.
Dean smiled a little and rubbed his arms as he made his way down the two small steps into the large and cozy bedroom.
"I am aware but still... I've never been so far from you all before... Let alone a weeks travel away." He sighed and rubbed the back of his neck "It's a bit nerve wracking."
"Have you happened upon General Pellegrino? Lucifer?" Michael asked using one of Lucifer's official titles "He was to depart on a special assignment today, I was hoping to speak to him before he leaves..." Michael explained in a rushed tone
"Please!" The woman squeaked and Lycifer immediately let go of the Omega woman and began to Apologize
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
"That's fine." Castiel reached for Dean's hand, the moment they made contact though Dean swiped his hand back away from Cas, swallowing hard.
"Besides, if it weren't for your parents kissing, your mom wouldn't be having a baby right now and you wouldn't be spending the night." Castiel added with a smile
Dean stood off to one side, beside him his brothers and parents. His heart shattered a little at seeing the emptiness in Michael's eyes, Dean could see the weight of the crown already weighing heavy, bloody on Michael's brow. His fingers twitched, wanted to do something, hit something, hug Michael, comfort Castiel. Even to pull Gabriel and Balthazar into his arms and assure them everything would be okay. The urge ticked him off for different reasons, but these Prince's had become family, and he was to marry one of them.
Arms and golden wings wrapped around the teen, Gabriel buried his nose in Sam's hair, making some hushing noises
Straighening back up and rubbing his lower back Dean glanced over his shoulder, Garth was talking Castiel's ear off about growing up on a farm and growing corn, and how he was taking night classes to be a dentist. Castiel didn't even look like he was paying attention until Garth mentioned they had some bees when he was growing up, that seemed to get Castiel really animated.
Cas got the hint of what was coming and bolted for the bedroom down the little hallway, Dean in tow.
Michael ended up with another sword, and was tackled to the ground by the yellow eyed demon woman. Chuck, Kate, and a few guards went about trying to get people evacuated and defend them from being killed, John was head on with the other yellow eyed demon. Castiel was able to pull the snarling demon woman off of Michael
"Partially. The other thing I need this loophole for is Castiel and Dean. There is a law, so old most don't even bring it up except for extreme cases. The 'True Mates' law." Gabriel let out a muttered "Ah hah!" When he found the section he was looking for "Here it is" the angel slide the book to Sam and smiled widely
The Omega stepped up some stairs to be seated by King Chuck, but first leaned over the railing, looking down where Raphael and Michael stood in armor and waiting.
The Crowned Prince wore black, boots shining and golden crown rested atop his neatly combed black hair. Silver eyes scanning his attire and pure white feathers, everything was set proper, in order. With a sniff Michael blinked back the tears, eyes flicking down to his hands. The ones that took his little brother's life. For a throne, and a crown, that was already weighing him down, already. The weight of the Kingdom was ready settled on the Prince's shoulders, he felt as if it was cutting through his wings, pulling them down. His shoulders pulled back, wings folded neatly.
"I'm sure The Prince here is tired and could use a small break. I will escort you, Madame to your chambers, all fabrics have already been set inside."
John had lightened up, eyes glassing over with unshed tears, the angry lines relaxing into tired wrinkles of an aging man as he pulled Michael into a tight hug. Thanking him for finding Dean, for keeping him safe, for hunting down the people responsible, for letting Sam stay while the search happened, and then sharing his condolences for the loss of his brother Raphael.
"What about you though? Got some sweet mama in mind?" Gabriel hummed scrutinizing his little brother carefully, in a similar matter he did when gathering Intel on people.
Lucifer tried to drown out the clashing of swords, the noise of the crowd as they became excited. He was focusing on Dean, the young man's face was full of fear that was put of character for the Omega.
A triumphant grin crept across Gabriel's lips as he clapped his hands together and strutted to the door with a little 'whoop'
All eyes turned to the opening doors, Dean on his father's arm, chin held high as he swallowed the heavy lump in his throat.
"She-" Dean swallowed and closed his eyes, steadying his breathing, he dragged his tongue over his bottom lip, his eyes opened again as the Omega continued "She was responsible for kidnapping me. Claimed she was the Queen of Hell, and she's here."
"My brother is a, jerk, but Michael puts him in his place. As far as I can tell they are happy." Castiel watched Dean's hands as the clipboard and pen was presented "Is this to fill out my information for billing and contact?"
Abaddon shrugged but said nothing more of the matter. "I would have you know, on the subject of this Dean Prince, I did not send for him to be kidnapped. I will say this, orginally he was to be promised to the ruler of Hell for peace. But the King of Earth decided to sell him off to Heaven. If you do not want him, I will take him to be my mate, peace will be maintained, and Hell will serve no threat to Heaven or Earth, or Purgatory, for the remainder of my rule."
"I'm just saying if the Omega had been my bride this would not have happened. History has obviously already repeated itself. I mean after-"
Castiel looked at Gabe with such a lost look, one Gabriel hadn't seen in his little brother's eyes since he told him Samandriel was gone and no one could find him, or when he had to explain that his Mama was In Heaven.
It was a reaction Castiel had not expected, his feelings were strange, muddled, he didn't know what he was feeling, but while they didn't feel wrong exactly they still didn't feel right and it made him feel guilty in Michael's presence.
He swallowed heavily and wished he could see what was happening, or what was going to happen, he tried to squirm away, the rope digging into his wrists when he heard what sounded like a heavy doorway opening.
"You can tell me in your own time. But I need to know you're actually ok Dean. None of this being strong for Sammy shit, I need to know you're ok"
"Already the bond between Alpha and Omega is blooming! Keep it up boys and I may be an uncle before the wedding!" Gabriel cheered
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
All Michael did was nod, now that he was sitting he felt the exhaustion of the day kicking in and as much as he hated it he felt his eyes droop shut and he head fall back against the chair.
The morning went by quickly, tucked under some SUV trying to get an annoying clinking to stop, Dean focused on the blaring radio and less on what Benny and Garth were yammering about.
"I see." Michael huffed and covered his face with his hands. Sucking in a harsh breath he calmed himself, frustration lacing his scent, tagging along anger in the slightest tendrils
"But you aren't." Sam held the angel at Arm's length, his deep brown puppy dog eyes searching Gabriel's face with such concern it made the Archangel's heart lurch "Let's get you to your room, and get you relaxed."
"Thank god the calvary!" Dean groaned at the sound of his Castiel's voice vibrated what felt like off the very walls of the dingy motel.
"Thanks. I'll assess the extent of damage and give you a call with the run down." Green eyes flicked up to glance at Castiel who had moved to examine some fake plant Bobby had put in the office to spruce it up, and because Ellen kept complaining it needed a little life. "I'll need to keys, do you need a ride, we can call you an Uber." Dean added watching the man with stuff shoulders adjust his glasses
Sam jolted from his sleep haze with a start at realizing it was Gabriel that he had fallen asleep with.
Dean pulled the tie strings of his robe a little tighter, and looked around at all the shattered glass and splintered wood.
"No. This was the agreement years ago. They are two damn days from being wed we aren't changing it. What brought this about John? Is it because some demon kidnapped the Omega? Or is this you yourself are scared to lose a son to marriage?"
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Raphael was relentlessly swinging at Michael, the crowned prince only defended. He would not hurt his brother, even if they were not related by biological blood.
"I miss her sometimes. I told her things no one knows... She died after Samandriel was born nearly 11 years ago."
He tucked a little hair behind his ear as he looked back at the Archangel. He was staring up at the portrait with a sad kind of smile
"You are in no position to threaten or attack me wrench!" Dean licked his lips ignoring the taste of the other man's blood and the sting of his lip as he turned back to stare into those white emotionless eyes of his captor
"Go on Dear. Beg him to take you. To save you." She purred patting him on the cheek. Lucifer spat blood on her with a weak attempt at a snarl, which made the demon press her heel a little more into his chest. He cried out in pain as chest injuries were aggravated. "Go on Michael! Take him! I know you want to! This Omega is used anyway so what's the point? He's even carrying a demon spawn!"
Dean's eyes scanned the dim lit room and finally zeroed in on the angel slumped against the wall, he was clutching something in his hands as he pressed the small object on a string up to his scarred lips. Dean observed the odd little display, trying to make out what the weird Castiel was mumbling, when suddenly glowing blue eyes flicked up to Dean effectively catching him staring.
Michael snapped his mouth shut and simply listened as Lucifer knelt in front of him and folded in his wings
"Why would either of you say that though?" Sam frowned. He was so extremely confused about why Gabriel's brother would be so cruel and say something that was considered highly offensive.
This was the one time Dean wished that Michael, as his soon to be Alpha and husband would just tell him what to do.
Now was not a good time. Though Dean had to admit, Michael knowing of his feelings for Castiel took a huge weight off his shoulders.
Castiel nodded as he was led by his older brother to his room. Once in the bedroom the fatigue of the traveling, and the emotional overcharge that he had been deal with caught up with him. The barely 18 year old yawned and stretched his arms over his head, his wings stretching up as well.
Dean had a moment of clarity and felt his heart in his head and panic rose. His scent was now mixed with fear as he once again tried to get free of his restraints. No no no! This could not be actually  about to happen!
Looking down Castiel noticed Adam, the young Prince stared wide eyes up at Castiel, hands clenched at his chest
With a light chuckle Michael nodded and followed Gabriel into his room. Castiel was asleep on his stomach, on one of the two couches that Gabriel had before the fire, one arm and a wing hung limp over the side onto the floor, the other wing over the back of the couch, arm tucked back beside him, feet over the arm rest, and a fluffy blanket over him.
"Yeah, Earth isn't so chilly, but I've heard Spring and Summer here are beautiful. The ocean view is nice as well."
Here's why, on Wattpad due to the age average of my readers I keep the chapters between 1,200 and 1,500 words.
His gaze shifted to the maps that he rolled back out. He needed to map the easiest and quickest way to this island and back for Gabriel. The Angel's family needed him here, not witch hunting, it brewed a dangerous thought in Sam's mind. One he knew Dean, Michael, everyone would be against. But did he really have a choice?
"Very well... Let us go we don't want to keep anyone waiting now do we?" He chuckled trying to lighten the mood. The young gaurd seemed to nervous and Dean found it slightly amusing.
The world figured the well built boy would definitely present as an Alpha like his fathers before him. After all he had the build, the attitude, was considered very attractive, and so he had the training. The next Alpha King.
Michael seemed calm, understanding, but how much of that was real? Sure Dean had gotten to know Michael a little, and the Alpha seemed sincere, but people lied all the time.
Dean looked at Cas and frowned before taking a deep breath, his tongue between his teeth as he debated over what to say before tears pricked his eyes for the millionth time this month
The letter stated that the Omega Prince Dean of Earth had been recovered,and that they were about a three day journey from home.
He watched as Cas dug around in their catch all drawers and pulled out candles of various scents, brands, shapes, and sizes before he set them over the counter and little island they had, he them carefully lit all of them with a look of total and complete concentration.
"Thank you your Highness." Sam smiled at Gabriel. Trying to lighten the mood, he knew people like Gabriel. They listened, and helped, and cared for you and others, but no one looked after them. At least that's how Dean had always been, so Sam had learned how to get them to talk... He just hoped it worked as well with Gabriel as it did with his older Brother
"Sit here." He smiled shifting his weight nervously, gripping a throw pillow a little tightly as Michael helped Lucifer be seated gently on the couch, his white wings shifting with nervousness that laced the edges of his scent
"What the fuck." They spoke in unison. Sam moved his hand to the string, it moved through his hand, warm and misty feeling, one thing Sam found weirder than his String being connected to Gabriel, was the second, fainter string that came from his chest and diverted off and out an open window, less red and more pink in color.
Dean slipped into the kitchen quietly at Benny silently closed the door. A fresh wave of nausea came over Dean at the smell of the food that had just left the kitchen for everyone's dinner, that he was skipping.
"I can still feel his blood on my hands, I can still see his soul flicker away, the life fade from his eyes, breath leave his bloodied lips. I-I can still feel his hand, heavy as it was twisted into the collar of that wrenched tan trenchcoat. I-I can still-" The tears fell freely from his eyes as he slumped to the floor on his knees, staring at his hands as if they had taken the only thing he loved from him, Dean supposed, with how this conversation seemed to be going, that sadly they had.
"It's ok Dean. I got you. For once someone has got you." He whispered as his brother's composed and strong walls crumbled
But Michael had to admit, for as nervous as Dean smelled, he looked calm and, rather Alpha like. He even spoke like an Alpha.
Dean was in so much distress, so much turmoil that Sam could /taste/ the soured vanilla in the air coming off his older brother. It scared him a little. Not the yelling, not the knocking things over, not the jerking away. But what scared Sam wa show /lost/ and how /scared/ Dean was. It wasn't anything like the Dean that Sam knew. The Dean that helped /raise/ him when Kate had to tend to Adam as a baby. This was a broken, hollowed out and scared Dean.
The moment the screams of pain halted Castiel turned to the door and raised and eyebrow at Lucifer, his wings automatically raising slightly in challenge to the other Alpha's threatening pheromones.
The freckled Prince pulled a face and sighed "I will head to breakfast, but I may not eat. I'm afraid I may be unwell." He grumbled as he grabbed his clothes for the day and headed behind his changing curtain.
"If this were a courting chase, I do believe you would of lost my hand." Dean smirked again as he puffed his chest out, for the first time in a while Dean actually felt like himself, even though the human was still scared to death. His scent remained laced with mild amusement, though the vanilla held an undertone of unease. Michael knew his wariness was justified, and felt no need to mention it.
"You're leaving now aren't you." Sam's voice rang out in the dark, the only noise the sloshing of gentle spring waves against the dark rocks
Michael stared to the far end of the room, following the glowing red line from his chest as it snaked around people, and connected to Lucifer. It took his breath away, a sob escaped his lips before he could stop it. He was leaping from the platform before he registered his feet were moving.
"It doesn't." Sam replied shrugging. Lucifer coughing brought the two back into reality. "Let us help you Michael." Sam added as a medic laid a stretcher beside the chair Lucifer was slumped in.
The Alpha and Omega thundered through the woods, Deam seemed very much in his element, as did his dear Baby, who Michael had learned her name was actually Impala, but responded when Dean called her Baby as well.
Michael's mind came to a screeching halt. He swore his heart skipped a beat, his breathing stopped, to put it simply the Crowned Prince stopped working momentarily
The other Archangel may not have been the best brother in the last few years, but he had been family. They grew up together. Gabriel remembered all the fun they had as kids, how they terrorized the cooks, dyed the horses blue, snuck out to village parties when they were young teens, Learned and trained together.
Drowned out by the emptiness of sorrow and pain. Michael barely registered when he was told it was time to head back, didn't even notice how he stared, unblinking as his brother was buried, shook his head and uttered a single
Dean blinked several times and was about to ask what in God's name she was babbling about in her sticky sweet and fake voice with her nauseatingly fake smile when the door open and the demon stepped away from him.
Now Dean didn't expect love at first sight. It wasn't how these things worked. His father had told him countless times that after you get to know them, they're scent will be like home and that no one else will ever be able to replace them. That Dean would eventually fall in love with the Alpha...
The sun was setting when Michael broke through into a clearing, Dean had beaten him to it, the Prince was sitting atop Impala with a triumphant grin, his horse stamping impatiently at first, but a gentle tap from Dean with a hushed whisper of some sort calmed her immensely.
Regardless Dean couldn't help but feel small around angered Alphas. It was the curse of his naturally motherly and submissive biology of an Omega. He hated it.
"It's not important Sam. It was just a bad dream." Dean said again looking at his reflection in the vanity mirror. The swelling on his cheek and eye were down significantly to hardly anything. His body seemed to be healing at a quick pace. He assumed it was because he was safe now, his body could relax and focus on having instead of fighting. But deep down he knew why he was actually healing quicker than usual. The two reasons combined scared him.
"Hey Charlie." He grumbled as he hugged the sobbing maid to his chest and kissed the top of her head.
Michael nodded along as his father rambled stories to John Winchester. The Human King had torn into Michael about his eldest being kidnapped, about a lack of security. Michael had explained the situation, that security had foolishly been placed elsewhere with the traffic coming in and out the front gates with wedding planners, and his deep regret at allowing Dean's kidnapping to go unnoticed for as long as it had.
Adam sat on his oldest brother's bed and kicked his feet before he spoke with a tilt of his innocent little head
"Your Omega arrived last week. He was put in solitary quarters and only Betas tended to him during his heat. Don't worry they didn't do anything but bring him food and blankets and anything else he needed. Though he wouldn't let a soul in." The Alpha smiled up at his brother. For being the third oldest he was the shortest out of all of them.
After He and Lisa had decided to be friends and co-parent Ben that way, he hadn't had much luck or time dating. Seemed every lady loved the idea of a single Dad, but not the idea that their were 2 kids with 2 women that were still around.
The middle Winchester made his way to Dean's room, remembering the way from when Dean had shown him briefly. There was Benny, an Alpha gaurd that Sam remembered from back home. He remembered their father had insisted a few human guards come along to hold ensure Dean transitioned smoothly and was treated properly as promised.
Dean struggled frantically with the ropes, finally getting them cut enough to pull his hands free, he ripped at the rope around his ankles. When the Hunter was finally free he bolted out into the rain, beholding the fight that had taken flight. Eyes darting around Dean ran into the little parking lot, grabbed one of the discarded angel blades, shielded his eyes and wondered how the hell he was supposed to help his husband.
As he opened the door one ot the Beta gaurds had just raised his hand to knock. The young Angel looked rather startled but with a twitch of his wings seemed to relax.
The entire way to his quarters Chuck fiddled with his ring. Thinking of his late wife with a deep frown.
Both his Alpha little brothers smiled sweetly at him before a flashing ball of golden feathers tackled the Crown Prince
A few hours later and the screaming came to a cease, the scent of furious Archangel Alpha and Terrified demon calmed slightly as the door to Castiel's room of this little Inn was opened and out came Lucifer.
Dean didn't want to think about it though, he got up regretfully from his warm little nest, took Castiel's blood stained trenchcoat, put it on like a robe and cracked it door open
Must be a blast to look so good. He thought to himself, chuckling at his own thoughts. Oh, if only Mike wasn't gay-- or being gay was socially accepted. He actually enjoyed flirting, but rarely ever got the chance to.
He had started his natural heat a month ago, and during that they kept giving him these shots, Dean didn't know what they were but they kept him in heat the entire time. Kept him ready to be used even though he tried to fight it, his Omega biology screamed otherwise and the Prince /hated/ it with a passion. He was nothing but a ready body that could be overpowered with enough force.
Sam had shifted in his seat as he tucked stray hair behind both his at the same time. Clearing his throat and sitting straighter as to try and not look so completely uncomfortable.
Dean smiled with a tired nod, kissing Castiel's knuckles before the two parted ways. Dean closed his door, flipping his light on as he shuffled to his bed, flopping face first on it with a groan. He seemed to freeze, sat up and gently took the wedding photo in his hands confusion plastered over his face as he tried to decipher how it was broken.
"Louisiana State Police recruit 1923, right? I think we had the same drill sergeant." Michael chuckled, once again trying to make conversation. Having a partner could be just as much a blessing if you got along as it could be a curse if you didn't… so if Mike would be given a choice, he'd rather get along with the very fortunate nephew of the lieutenant, than to tackle this unsolvable case by himself. "Any ideas as to where to start?"
"Let us get to our rooms and sleep." Michael spoke softly and held a hand out to help his friend, no, the love of his life, to his feet.
Everyone soon dispersed after breakfast, and Sam remained close to Dean's side. The two Winchesters wandered in the halls in silence, before Sam spun around on his heel to face Dean
Lucifer stalked out of his baby brother's office and down the hall. He was angry, more than angry, he was full on pissed.
Putting Lucifer's arm over his shoulder, muttering apologies to the Archangel as hw whimpered at the simple movement
Stopping after descending the stairs he slammed his fist into a wall, a few pictures rattled and a maid yelped where she stood with her laundry basket
"Good morning." Sam spoke to the gaurd as he set his shoulders and met the other human's eyes. Sam was a mere inch or two shorter than the burly man, but he felt in his knees that would be changing soon
"It's a good thing we're getting married soon though, I'll-I'll be showing soon and I-" Dean rambled his free hand resting nervously on his stomach, face turned towards the sea with a frown
"Hey-" Dean took a step forward, lifting Castiel's chin so the Alpha had to look up that fraction of an inch to meet the Human's face "Just say what you want to say, and-and give me what you want to give me."
The Alpha seemed to pause at that and in the dim light Dean caught the glint of the demons horns, curved up and to the sides from above his white dead eyes, one of them was much shorter than the other, probably broke. But there was no rustle of leathery wings though, which confused Dean. Didn't all demons have menacing black wings?
"I'll be safe. I have a couple of trusted people going with me. An angel and a human royal gaurd. I've heard many good things about Claire from Castiel. When your father sent her she joined Castiel's group. The Angel's name is Gadreel and he is trusted by Lucifer and Michael alike."
Benny nodded and gave the future King a bow not uttering a word as the two Princes headed off towards the castle gates.
"No Cas. Let me go back alone. I fear if you take me to my room I would never allow you to leave, I cannot tempt myself further with something I shall never have." Dean sucked in another harsh breath as he spoke softly. He felt his heart breaking as he said it and he saw Cas shattering. It hurt them both but they couldn't be together, there was way to many political issues involved.
"It happened during Dean's captivity. Alistair the Demon did it to him." His voice was quiet as he met Michael's gaze.
With a forced little pained smile Castiel turned and exited the room, chim held high as he tried to act as if nothing was upsetting him.
He had let go of the Prince's hand as the sound and scent of the nervous Beta and simply stood beside the Prince.
Chuck turned down a different hall, heading up stairs until he got to the quarters that Michael's future bride was staying. He paused outside the Omega's room, the Alpha gaurd giving him a bow of respect to the King
"The worst possible thing that can happen to an Omega is what has been happening to him the past month."
Dean blinked at his brother and a tear rolled down his cheek as he parted his lips to speak, but nothing came out.
The Omega acted and smelled a bit nervous but Michael was sure the Prince hadn't met an Archangel before. The Crowned Prince knew that the human would be nervous, Afterall he was moving to a foreign country, marrying an older man, and was expected to carry an heir within the first two years of marriage.
Detective Dean Winchester. It was a title the freckled man would never tire of hearing. He had worked hard for this position, he knew people thought he was a spoiled brat, that he only got the position because his uncle was Lieutenant for the area. But in reality they had it backwards, it wasn't that Dean got where he was because of  his uncle, but rather despite his uncle. Bobby made sure to ride Dean's ass hard because he wasn't gonna play favorites. But all seriousness aside, the ladies really dug the badge, and Dean wasn't about to complain about that.
The Alpha knew if he stayed alone with his thoughts any longer he would plunge himself into the deepsea for the spirits and Sirens of the sea to consume his very being.
Gabriel's wings moved a little bit as he tilted his head and looked back up at the painting as he resumed standing
Dean raised an arm and let out a victorious cry as he hurled a hard boiled egg at Michael when his wings lowered. It hit the man's face and Dean couldn't help but loudly laugh and declare his victory.
Of course he and Michael disagreed on this, but Lucifer didn't really know any difference. Every Omega he met was more than willing to throw themselves at any Alpha, generally ready and needy little whores, the Male and female Omegas alike.
Michael got to know Sam a bit better and the kid was a good kid for sure, and he always spoke about Dean with such a high respect, which honestly was strange and refreshing to see from an Alpha.
This of course made Dean huff a laugh and look up as Charlie strode over. Her red hair in a braid over her shoulder and a smile on her face.
"We will discuss this further in private. For now we will set up a room for you and no one will know you're alive as of yet." Michael simply stated standing and motioning for a maid to do as he had requested
"No Dean. We are a partnership in our relationship. I'm not your owner. We will discuss the pregnancy another time. Right now I will have a maid come clean this up, and we will go have breakfast. You and I can go riding on the wooded trail you love so much, spend the day together, and we can discuss all of this together. As couples should."
It hurt, it hurt so much and Michael felt a piece of him chip away. Everything going on was just so heavy on the angel. With a heavy sigh Michael exited his chambers. As he strode down the hallway he was silently met with Gabriel at his right hand, Balthazar to his left and Slightly behind him, and Castiel completing the diamond shape the four princes solemnly walked in. Each with wings held stiffly behind their backs, adorned in black with crowns upon their heads,chins held high as the four line Alpha Princes of Heaven, stepped out of the confines of the palace walls, to meet the people of their Kingdom.
"Don't say it!" Dean yelled spinning around to look at Sam, tears threatening his eyes as he slammed his fist on the vanity making bottles and jars rattle "Don't you dare say it Sam." He spoked again his voice a mere whisper
"You can't escape this Dean! We were meant to be can't you see that?" Castiel looked down at his hands, blinking the tears away
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
"Enough!" Chuck stood his six graying wings flaring in aggravation and a display of authority, dominance, and a finality that made Crowley snap his mouth shut "I refuse to call her out of exile. She is where she shall stay. As for any other fool you think should be brought into this I suggest you rethink. You're supposed to be intelligent Crowley." Chuck groaned rubbing his temples with a sigh "You will be shown to your room, and I am retiring for the night." Chcuk growled hostility leaking through his scent as something almost sinister flashed in his eyes. The King then stormed out the door leaving Crowley alone.
"You think I'm ashamed of you? You think that? Is that what I've led you to believe?" John muttered looking at his eldest child with nothing but heartbreak as Dean struggled to keep the tears at bay.
Dean bit his lip and looked at his hands, resting on the Alpha's chest, the steady and strong heart beat under his fingertips like a drum. It called to him and he couldn't run to it.
Lucifer made sure to keep that little phrase going through his mind. On loop almost, nearly driving the knight insane.
"And here I thought I was the only one without real experience. I mean I know how and what to do... Just never actually  done it..."
He had no chance to decide which he would do as suddenly his father's strong arms were wrapped around him. Surrounding him in the smell of home and the strong scent of burning leaves and saw dust. Something associated with the loving but stern and steadfastness of his father.
Cas mentally lectured himself about how wrong he was to have such feelings for someone promised to another, for someone promised to his brother and his future King, It was wrong and he disgusted himself at the very thought. This wasn't some teen romance novel about some wealthy young Alpha scooping away the beautiful Omega and living happily ever after, this was real life. No fantasy about any of it.
Castiel's wings stiffened and his posture became rigid as he whipped his head up to look at the distressed Omega.
"What did you think I wanted to talk to you about Miss?" Michael crossed his arms raising an eyebrow "I am not here to fire you and send you back to your previous Lord's"
Michael came out of the room and looked up and down the hall. He followed the scent of burning coals and ashy Alpha until he ended up outside. The wind was chilly and the stars were bright as he made his way down a path.
"I don't belong to fucking anyone!" Dean growled as Abaddon tried to get her clawed hands around his throat, Dean grunted as he got the smaller blade under the Queen's chest amd plunged it into her stomach, angling the blade up as he did. Her eyes widened as a cry escaped her lips. Dean flipped them over, trapping her underneath him, her hands gripping and grabbing at his arms, trying to get the human to pull the blade from her body.
Still he sat straight and tried to look as fine, and as regal as he could when wrapped in an old blanket with mud and blood stains, while shirtless and uncomfortably in heat, with his smell filling the air and turning heads, he tried to look royal even through his lips were cut, his face was bruised and his face was filthy with blood and dirt.
Dean shook his head and smiled as he brought a hand up eyeing three of those pure white limbs of fluff.
"Now, that you are done interrogating me on subjects I am uncomfortable expounding on... How are things at home? Kate and Adam? How are they? What of Lady Jessica?" Dean pressed knowing that mentioning the stunning Lady Moore would get his brother flustered.
"Of course Bro." He turned as a sucker was pulled from his pocket and he strutted off with a flick of his wings.
Lucifer narrowed her eyes at her and immediately hated how her horns curled around and under her ears, how her leathery wings twitched with impatience, and how she kept tapping her long red painted nails on her knee.
"No. I'm not." Dean whispered, voice cracking as he wrapped one arm around him, the other going through his hair. He would admit it, because he didn't want to deal with it anymore. "I'm heading back to my room." He grumbled pulling a glass out and filling it with ice water "Come stand gaurd if you want." Dean stated heading for the back kitchen door to make the trek back to his room.
The way he said it made Dean's blood run cold, even with the icy fear running through his veins he felt himself sweating a little, his entire body ached, and that was a bigger problem. If he went into heat, with this guy he was sure it wouldn't end well.
But when you grow up in the Cage district of Hell as an angel, real friends stay. That's how Kellie was.
"It's about the Omega Prince. May I come in to speak with you privately?" Gabriel looked up at Lucifer with a steady and serious whiskey gaze, something the Prince rarely had.
"Present your proposal Crowley." Michael stated with a sip of wine that only made his stomach churn. He had gotten no real rest, no real processing time since Dean's kidnapping, return, his brother's challenge, the duel, Abaddon's appearance, or Crowley's return. To say he was under control was a vast misinterpretation of the entire situation
Dean's green eyes widened at how soft the wings were. He gently opened and closed his hand threading his fingers through the soft inside feathers. He had never seen anything so, white or soft in his entire life.
The very thought made the Archangel freeze in his tracks, his heart stopped thupping for a moment and something caught in his throat. His stomach twisted, wings twitched, Lucifer's fingers twitched with the urge to run them through the Crowned Prince's hair, or feathers.
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
He spun around uselessly searching the room to no avail. He had lost Dean, again. Anger filled the angel as he destroyed anything his hands could reach, the chairs were smashed against the floor or wall, the mini fridge torn out and thrown through the window, the sink was pulled from the bathroom wall, with one punch the little table splintered and without any effort both beds were flipped, the door thrown off its hinges as Castiel stalked into the parking lot.
Michael nodded his agreement as food was set before everyone. Crowley ate as if everything was right in the world, Chuck seemed to be able to eat fine as well, Sam nibbled at his plate and Castiel didn't even touch his fork. Michael ate maybe a bite here and there and Gabriel knew how to make it appear as if he was eating without ever successfully bringing the fork to his mouth
Lucifer looked all night long, and upon the sun rising the next morning, around the halls quickly and spotted the young knight named Inias from Castiel's garrison.
Before he knew it the door had been ripped from the wall and thrown, a figure stood in the door along with the smell if an angered and hostile Alpha filled the room and Dean bit back a whimper. When he spoke to the Alpha he hated the whine that took over his voice, he hated the shivering that he couldn't control as he was so cold but so sweaty at the same time.
Castiel opened his mouth to speak, wings raised slightly in anger, hands balled into fists when the doors bursted open to reveal Lucifer.
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
"They had him for four months, he's preg-" Sam's jaw snapped shut eyes widening as he stared at Gabriel's profile. He wasn't supposed to let anyone outside of Michael and Charlie know.
"Winchester! There you are, would you look at that, you're on time, I actually told Cohen you'll be here by four." Bobby exclaimed from the doorway, rolling his wheelchair out of the office.
Chuck was on the far side of the room, the old King froze as the woman's voice ramg out crisp and clear above the chaos
Lucifer watched as Michael moved on to talk to Castiel and then took his shocked and exhausted baby brother away towards the castle.
"Do tell John, what's the matter with the wedding? Dean and Michael have done a splendid job with planning. It's a beautiful mix of Human and Enochian marital customs." Chuck added eyeing John almost suspiciously
"I'm charismatic with the fellas though too. Blow up a man's ego enough and he'll squawk louder than a chicken in a plane engine." Dean laughed at his own comparison. As Dean talked about his people skills, Michael couldn't help but laugh. "I see you have practiced solely to succeed at your job." he chuckled sarcastically. "One and only reason you talk to a dame is to find out where to look for some twit."
Dean opened his mouth to speak, at the same time Castiel opened his and both ended up muttering whatever random apology came to their lips.
"Whatever you say Prince." Sam narrowed his eyes at the angel before speaking again "You did not go after Dean did you?"
"CaAs" Castiel mocked before putting a hand on his hip, the other on the counter "Enough goofing off. Let's see if I've Gabriel-ed myself something tasty. Hold the flashlight Barbie Boy."
Lucifer was taken aback by the sudden growl and aggression the Prince showed. Truly Michael in charge and demanding was something the blonde Alpha Knight loved seeing, it made him grow to see the Prince in a way he never saw any other living anything.
Michael flexed his messy pure white wings, flecks of blood and dirt covered the wings but he knew it was fine. He would spend the time to wash all six of them when he returned home.
Lucifer might even be able to work from home from time to time if they got one of those phone things. They'd spend time at the beach raising a child while both of them would still be able to keep their jobs-- the latter was a fairytale and Kelly knew it, but she reall enjoyed her job and for now, she still dreamed about not having to give it up for her family-to-be.
"Unfortunately the gift isn't the world, yet." Lucifer's shoulders moved as he laughed, the tension from everything going on seemed to disappear as he spent time with his girl, /His/ girl. It was nice, a bit of normalcy for the man that never knew what that was. For a man that took his first life at 13, that had more blood on his hands than water in the Pacific.
"Dean." Michael breathed and lifted a hand, he was going to place it on the young Prince's shoulder, but halted the action when Dsan flinched slightly
"I wanted to give you something. For uh, for the wedding." Castiel dropped his gaze to the grass as he fumbled with something in his hands
"No my dear Prince, I hail from Hell as any respectable demon would. Though I have a vacation home here in Heaven that I've spent the past few years of the war living in. Really I'm glad I can just go home though. It's much to cold for my liking in the winter here." Lilith explained as she wrapped the measuring tape around Dean's waist
"Sure thing kid. I'll call your folks tonight," Bobby nodded in acknowledgement and waved the boys off. "Behave yourself. And Michael, if he gets too sauced, box his ears for me." The gruff older man looked up when Dean frowned at that, patted Dean's hand where it rested on his shoulder.
"I'm sorry Alpha." Dean croaked. Maybe if he played the submissive Omega card, this could end without incident
Michael simply hummed in response. It did feel nice. Though it didn't feel right at all. Honestly the only time his wings being pet or touched ever felt actually right was when Lucifer helped him groom those spots Michael couldn't reach on his own.
Sam stayed silent and tucked loose hair behind his ear as he tried to think of something anything to say, as the young teen opened his mouth to speak Gabriel growled, his fist swinging out and colliding with a wall.
The Crowned Prince Michael was to be heading home now, it would take a while to lead what was left of the army back into the territory of Heaven, but it would be worth it.
"Cassie!" He knocked on the roof of his car "Remind me to get one of those, maybe a red one." He laughed
“Anyway-" Dean cleared his throat and looked up at Michael, setting the file down and twisting his watch to check the time, "I'm uh, well acquainted, with a few dames there, they might know something. We got time to spare, could head over early, grab a bite and ask around before the late night flappers and dead Hoofers get there."
When the demon tried to pull his hand away Dean bit down harder and shook his head around like a dog with a tennis ball.
Usually he wouldn't of acted like that but lately he had been acted all over the place. It was all a combination of fear, he was still adjusting to living here and he would be married. He had been deep in thought and he was sure he had deeply offended one of Michael's most trusted Generals.
Sam ignored the way his brother's breath hitched, and the way he closed his eyes and bit the inside of his cheek as Sam cupped Dean's face in his hands
"What was that supposed to mean? I am far from a typical Alpha!" He laughed again and shook his head
He wanted so desperately to tell Castiel everything, he wanted to tell the Angel how much he suddenly cared for him and how in the past several months he had fallen so deeply in love with him that being apart hurt. He wanted to tell Castiel everything Alistair had done to him, all his fears, his everything.
"I Don't fear anything John Winchester, but you ought to know when to hold your tongue! The right for a duel for the throne is in the law! As for the wedding they can both get over it!"
Dean's green eyes finally met the angels. No words were exchanged, Dean simply jersey his head in the smallest of nods, that yes, he did want to talk about it. Though no words came from the hunter Castiel understood. Dean didn't know where to start, what to say. He was hurting though.
Lucifer didn't look away until Castiel had disappeared into the castle with the demon in tow, and two castle servants carrying her belongings. The Alpha began to look away when his amber gaze met one of the Beta women in charge of the stables taking the seamstresses horse.
"Don't worry about it Dean. Right now we're focusing on us." Castiel raised their intertwined hands to his lips to kiss the back of Dean's hand, making the human blush lightly.
Opening his mouth to say something Sam decided it against it, mouth clicking shut and eyes falling to the table when Michael finally looked up at the boy
In this case the young Omega would had become part of a Peace treaty with the kingdom of Heaven. When the Prince reached 18 he would go to be married to the Archangel Crown Prince Michael who was the age of 28.
Cas spared one glance to Dean, tied to a chair on his side against the wall before his fury filled gaze fell on his alternate darker version
The poor young maid scurried past him up the stairs to put the linen away and Lucifer strode down a small hall to the parlor that led outside. He rolled his sleeves down, glaring at his scarred up arms. Years of fighting will do that to ya, his body was covered in them because he'd been raised getting his hands dirty. Part of why he was glad when Cas showed interest in numbers and not violence. It was a safer portion of the family business.
"You dare to speak to me like that? You? An Omega Bitch?!" She pulled out a sword that had been concealed in the skirts of her flowing dress, she raised it and brought it down towards Dean, only for the sound of metal on metal to vibrate, deafening through the near silent room, as the entire company of people waited on baited breath.
Deep down Lucifer had always known that Michael would marry, and that he would marry an Omega of Prestige... But somewhere in the back of his mind Lucifer always hoped, hidden deep in his heart, that he would get the honors of saying "I Do." to the future King.
Castiel roared, his hand clenching a fistful of the other Angel's dark feathers, pulling them from the wing as his other fist collided with his other versions face
"Winchester… yes, I heard so too." Mike replied, with a faint, mostly polite, tight-lipped smile and a quick nod. He allowed himself to look his new partner up and down for a second. Probably around the same age as him… or not? Younger? An incredibly handsome young man, just as new at this whole detective thing as Mike was himself. The effortless way the freckled blond had his hands resting in the pockets of his perfectly fitting trousers, made it abundantly clear why each and every woman in New Orleans was melting if officer Winchester was on the case-- detective Winchester by now.
Michael ignored the way she spoke and bid her a goodnight. Along with another additional Apology for Castiel's behavior.
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Michael and Lucifer lead a decent amount of troops into the capital. Various soldiers branched away from the group heading home while The Prince and his Knight continued on to the castle.
But what scared Dean to no end was the fact that all those things, to him, Castiel smelled like home.
Castiel relaxed slightly and avoided his brother's whiskey gaze. He should have better control of his emotions, he always generally was good at keeping his emotions in check, not letting them leak into his scent...
"There are a lot of options Dean. And only /you/ know which one you need to take. You could keep the child and raise them, you could give them to someone else to raise as their own, or if it's really to much abort." Charlie refused to put her input in. She would not influence Dean one way or the other, it was ultimately his child, his body, his life, and his choice.
"The deul is being prepared. Your presence is required as this holds the treaty along with the throne. You are permitted to give your best to whomever you hope to win, and a reserved seat is set for you beside King Chuck and his other sons."
"Oh? Yes sorry Father I-I'm alright." Dean stammered his tongue felt so thick in his mouth and his throat ran drier then the fields of Hell.
The damage to Castiel's ugly ass gold car was not nearly as bad as Dean had initially thought, somehow the insides of the vehicle were not to badly damaged, obviously as the man had literally driven the monstrosity here. But Dean had still expected more inside damage than what there was.
A silence settled between them once again, the sky began to shift into the dripping colors of sunsets, the breeze slowed, the air began to cool, and crickets began their song
Perhaps that's why the attractive Alpha Prince in front if him smelled so nicely of poetry and warmth.
"I promise Sam I will." He grumbled forcing a small smile "I am going to retire to bed now. Do not let Gabriel pull you into trouble. He is notorious for such things."
Castiel cleared his throat and excused himself, quickly leaving the room. He walked past Dean and the Omega swore the Alphas scent had changed to something more... Dean shook his head and looked at Michael. Both were nervous, it leaked into their scents, even when their faces appeared fine and simply in a formal setting.
"I have duties to attend to now. I shall see you later." His voice was heavy, a part of the Alpha wanted to bury his nose in the crook of Dean's neck. Craving the vanilla leather of the Human Prince before him. His chest ached with every breath as he tore himself away, bowed and hurried off. Praying that he didn't hurt any further, but the agony was already unbearable
"Not as heavy as my heart." Michael muttered taking the towel and patting his face dry with a sniff, his nose caught whiff of the maid and it clicked in his mind. The way her scent was, with a constant undertone of Lucifer, and something else. It made his heavy heart drop lower, the words and moments he and Lucifer had shared, had they meant nothing to the general? When they had meant the world to Michael? The Alpha didn't realize that a few fresh tears had filled his eyes and slipped down his cheeks until Kelly made a noise
"We've talked for what 10 minutes and you assume I'm an absolute dead hoofer? Nuts..." he chuckled, actually not even hating that Dean guy as much as he thought he would. If he was being honest, there were worse things he could imagine himself doing than to be driving around town with such a stunner next to him -- not that Dean was his type, too perfect... but still, a man can enjoy.
"Dean is gone, and a demon Alpha is behind it." Michael explained as Castiel began to lead him down the hallway.
Dean fell asleep with his nose buried in Castiel's coat collar, and a weight in his chest that only wanted to get heavier.
Except what was making him happy wasn't what actually  made him happy. It certainly didn't make Lucifer happy...
"Why did someone challenge you for the throne." It wasn't in the form of a question, as Lucifer already knew why.
"Inias, fetch Prince Gabriel and Prince Michael, tell then to meet me in the library. Be sure to inform them it is of the upmost importance."
Castiel was bristling now, his wings flicked up in a show of anger and dominance, feathers puffed out in a challenge as he began to say something, though Michael cut him off with a hand to his shoulder
Gabriel snapped out of his head and his eyes met Sam's. The young Alpha was looking at him with concern etched on his face and sympathy in his eyes
"Come with me my King." Lucifer finally spoke and pulled Michael away from the horses and behind the stable building
"Because you're a ghost Daddy! We're playing hunters like the stories you and Papa and Uncle Sam tell us!"
"My, if you could, you would date yourself, wouldn't you." he laughed, watching as Gabe checked himself in the mirror while getting ready to drive.
Speaking of Lucifer had lectured a few other guards about the way they had been talking about the Prince. He knew Michael wouldn't appreciate the constant talk about the Prince's Omega ass.
"Bad news… I think we're back on the table. There was a new wave of recruits down at the FBI office. Balty was in town yesterday." Gabriel the second oldest of the Novak Pack, half sighed, half chuckled. If he was being honest, he loved the game of hide-and-seek. It was thrilling. The blond wanted to throw out some joke but knew Lucifer would probably deck him if he did.
"That doesn't mean you can't let loose. She won't have to know. I ain't a snitch and you know it." Gabe winked before grabbing Castiel by the hand and swinging his taller younger brother around, hand firmly on Castiel's hip as he forced his brother to dance with him to some music that wasn't what was playing. "I'm meeting Kali at the bar later. Lots of alligators will be there and while you dunno how to swing and ain't a fan of jazz that doesn't mean you can't snag some honey for yourself."
"Where on Earth should I start with this steaming pile of crap?" Mike sighed dejectedly, resting his forehead against his propped up hand.
"Oh. Uh food." Michael thrusted it towards Lucifer's face. He gave the blond a cheesy grin that reminded Lucifer a lot of Gabriel before continuing
"Oh, Gabriel. Good morning son." Chuck smiled, he looked so worn without his crown, older, gray in his beard, hair a mess from sleep
Michael shook his head and looked down at their hands, he couldn't look Lucifer in the face anymore. It hurt to much
"A witch. I need to know where I can find the Witch Rowena, the one that can see soulmates." Gabriel finally spit out, whiskey eyes flicking up to meet Crowley's intimidating red.
Dean was so lost in thought he didn't hear the door open, or Charlie call his name until she snapped her fingers in front of his face. The Omega yelped and blinked jumping back with wide eyes and balled fists
"You'll settle eventually, brother. Some 'kitten'" Cas teased, using Balthazar's words, "will eventually get the better of you." he grinned his crooked grin, running his thumb over the incredibly detailed surface of his crystal glass.
"You know, the impossible amount of money you spend on me, I'd rather you spend on us. Don't get me wrong, I love the pearls, but you don't get to wear them, now do you." she laughed softly, rolling her eyes at how poorly she phrased what she actually meant to say.
"Dear boy, you can't hide what you are. No matter if your built like an Alpha, or if you pretend you're something else. You are, always have been, and always will be an Omega. This includes everything that comes with that." Alistair gripped Dean's chin and the Prince remembered to breathe.
Lucifer smiled a little wider, he felt so light, as if everything weighing him down everyday was gone for just a few moments, those moments with Kelly.
"For once I want someone to just tell me what to fucking do. Just this once." The human muttered, one arm slung above his head the other hand resting on his chest.
Dean stood beside his big black mare, emotions battling in him for the forefront, he wanted to run to his father, bury his nose in his neck and sob, part of him also wanted to run in shame, while another part wanted to lift his chin, set his jaw and act as if everything was fine.
As they drove, Michael glanced over at the ocean that barely kissed the horizon. For as long as he could think he had been deadly afraid of the sea. And driving by it every day felt so alien… it looked so beautiful, peaceful even… but once the water started to rise and you couldn't swim upwards any longer--- He shook the thought away and focused back on the car ride.
Michael did not correct Dean now twice on referring to him as Alpha, as it seemed he was doing it more out of fun then the feeling of obligation.
"Yes my King." Lucifer rasped out as he let Michael and the medics move him to a stretcher, arranging his wings the best they could as they rushed him off with others that were injured, Michael swiftly moving to help, Sam and Gabriel as well. The two other Princes choosing to put their connected strings aside for now and focus on what needed to be done.
"I'm sorry I got mad Lucifer. But you know my standings on the issue of how Omegas are treated. They are not toys or bartering chips. They are living beings that want all the same things everyone else does."
"Red. It's a very passionate and Romantic color. One full of love but also holding rage... A balance of beauty and blood."
"No. It has nothing to do with that." Michael swallowed as he searched for his words. Starting to regret coming out here without a plan, and only coming out here on instinct.
Michael regarded her words. Dean, drive them crazy? Michael had started to see Dean, the real Dean. He was finally starting to be comfortable, to be himself before he had been taken. Now he seemed so empty
"Looks like I missed some party." The gold winged angel huffed trying to crack a smile but the state of the room made it difficult
Afterall his heart ached with such sorrow that surely a siren could sense it miles away and league's deep.
"Enough!" Chuck hissed at Crowley. The demon wasn't phased by the Angel's outburst and simply blinked red eyes at him with a blank expression
"Are you trying to make a nest Dean?" It came out as almost a statement versus a question, but Sam was concerned
Upon entering the guest quarters for King Crowley Gabriel suddenly was a bit nervous. Crowley had been king of Hell for a while and made the Prince a tad uncomfortable. Though it seemed the demon Alpha made everyone uncomfortable...
He finished getting dressed and opened the door a little. The maids were nice, very nice, they treated him like a Prince, like a person.
"That's probably a good idea." When Michael turned to look at Dean the boy was already pulling his boots back on and standing
Michael opened his mouth to speak when the double doors swung open with a bang in ran the Beta maid known as Charlie.
Heading down the hallway, Castiel's footsteps slowed as the angel approached Dean's door. It was closed, the inside silent, light was seen below the door though, a shadow passing by every once in a while. Cas lifted his hand to knock, but paused.
Michael smiled at his friend and hated how his heart ached. He could see it in Lucifer's eyes and it hurt him just as much as it did the Alpha sitting beside him.
Still Dean remained quiet and dared not break this spell they were under, faintly the Omega Prince could hear the gentleness of the waves kissing the sand, but that was all.
Dean was once again taken aback when the angel suddenly bowed and in a deep warm gravel voice spoke.
"I apologize I couldn't come to you sooner Michael." Chuck spoke with a deep sigh, worry seemed permanent on the King's face
Dean's face flushed with embarrassment, body shifting from foot to foot as his eyes dropped to his father's shined and polished shoes
"I just do not want to think right now. I do not want to be alone, and I certainly do not want to be alone with only my thoughts and the waters edge." Lucifer whispered the growl dying in his chest as he blinked at her with watery eyes
"You doubt his love for you?" Kelly frowned as she put the towel on Michael's head and began to towel dry the Prince's dark hair "After following you to the pits of Hell? Saving your life and you his? The moments of vulnerability he has shown you? The words he has spoken to you? The lingering looks? The wistful lingering touches? The unnoticed brush of wings? You still doubt his love for you?" Kelly lifted the towel to look Michael in the eyes. Her brown eyes held no heat, and if Michael really thought about it, he could've sworn it was pity "I am pregnant yes. He does not know yet and I doubt I will tell him soon. He came to me in a moment of weakness for the both of us. Crushed by the idea of losing you to some pretty Omega Prince, but wishing you the best of lives anyway. Vowing to protect you and your future mate and pups even though it shattered his heart to live without you."
Dean let go of the dark Castiel's wing and threw himself at his now conscious husband, cupping his face gently in his hands, the rain was only a drizzle as Dean felt the uncomfortable weight lift from his chest as he left little kisses and whimpered 'I Love Yous' all over the battered Angel's face.
"I'm here Dean. It's ok, I won't let anyone hurt you." Castiel whispered leaning his cheek on Dean's head as the Prince sobbed into his shoulder
The people of Heaven were highly impressed with Michael as their ruler. Some had an issue with his truemate being an Alpha, but most respected the Truemates Law. He had also pardoned The Witches, many coming out of hiding to live life's back among the people of their home Kingdoms, and all seemed well.
Dean knelt on the cool tile of the bathroom, throwing up his insides, on the morning of his wedding to the man he wanted nothing more than friendship for, the thought of what Castiel's face would look like as Michael and Dean were officially announced Mates and Married made Dean gag again.
"Come on Son. You're the only one we still need to make sure is alright." His voice was a low rumble, the sound Dean found a bit comforting.
All six of Lucifer's wings pulled close to him as he began to feel nothing. He looked over the balcony's edge when a different idea came to mind.
Now that Michael actually thought about it he was sure that Raphael had been gunning for the crown for years. He was always trying to find something about Michael that would discredit him entirely. Now that Michael really thought about it, Raphael never seemed to want to be a part of the family and that stung.
Cas couldn't help but laugh along with his brother as he sang so horribly. "I am so very glad that we don't own a record studio." he teased, trying to grow accustom to the very lively music Americans called Jazz.
What was Chuck thinking? Dean hadn't spent a huge amount of time with his future mate, but he knew enough that Michael found intimacy to be sacred among mates. Dean could respect that, besides, the thought of being with anyone sexually left a huge ache in Dean's chest and made him want to throw up. He couldn't do this.
"Hold on a moment." Dean spoke up as he swallowed thickly "Michael is to be my husband, and Michael is to be King. You are speaking on traitorous terms here."
Michael ran a hand through his dark hair, trying to comb it back with his fingers as best he could. His feathers rippled as a familiar and slightly angry smell of an Alpha came off someone in his tent doorway in waves.
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Dean slowly lifted his chin to meet Michael's gaze, the Alpha didn't seem mad, didn't smell upset. Infact his scent was rather sad, nervous, but not angry. His face was soft, eyebrows furrowed in heavy concern, ice colored eyes soft and warm as he looked at Dean
"Dean Winchester I have dealt with your shit for so damn long I think I know what my Righteous Man sounds like!"
Michael shook his head with a sigh, removing his crown he tossed it to the bed as he ran his hands through his nicely combed hair
None of this was actually. Sure it was hot. The power went out, and the AC didn't work. But it was nice. Just Dean and him against the world.
"Why'd you leave Dean?" Castiel muttered, his voice low and raspy. Glaring at his half drank beer he threw it against the wall with a frustrated cry "Why'd you have to leave me!" He shouted as his hands found his hair. He was shaking, he couldn't stop "You son of bitch! You promised!"
A heavy hand rested on his shoulder suddenly, making the Winchester flinch and move away. Green eyes looked up meeting his father's face
Michael smiled weakly but it quickly fell as the Prince sucked in a breath. They were now behind the stables, away from any and all potentially prying eyes and over eager ears
"Behold! The room of magic where our future nieces and nephews will be conceived!" He wiggled his eyebrows at Michael and Dean as they scooted away from eachother and stood a little straighter
In fact maybe he had been expecting an unexpected kind of reaction such as he had received from Castiel.
Dean felt Cas lift his chin and hesitate, to which Dean was having none of and met the Alpha halfway in a gentle yet perfect kiss.
"I just, I don't want to /feel/ like this right now. I have so much on my plate as it is. Now I've lost a family member." Gabriel closed his eyes as another silent tear fell "I can't imagine how Michael feels. I saw him when the dust settled, cradling Raphael's body and Apologizing..."
He was gone and Castiel would never get him back. Another gulp of beer, another drag of weed. Something. Anything to drown it out. Numb it. Ease the pain.
"Michael/ don't/ not now. Not here." Lucifer's voice was desperate "/Please/ Michael. Not like this. Don't put me through this. Don't speak it. It will only hurt us both worse to say it out loud." Lucifer mumbled his eyes dropping to Michael's hands around one of his, the blond Took his other hand and put it over Michael's "Please. It will only hurt me /more/ for you to say it, than to never hear it uttered from your lips."
"Whatever the secret is, it's secret for a reason and should probably stay that way." Sam replied simply giving Gabriel another smile "Focus right now on you're family. I'll have everything packed for a three day journey at best for you. If you don't mind me doing that?"
"I don't know, she might come over, who knows. That woman's busier than her dad..." he half-joked, half groaned.
"I banished you Witch!" He roared spinning around to face the red haired witch, everyone, demon, angel, human and otherwise were frozen as the Angel King fumed
Part of him secretly wanted to picture dark feathers like the night sky. Shaking his head Dean pulled his hands back as a low rumble startled him, glancing at Michael he chuckled a little.
"You have my permission to instruct and oversee the search parties. Take Castiel with you as his garrison will serve as help. I will inform my father of these developments and will discuss pushing the wedding out further. Gabriel, I want you to do what you do best, find the breach in our security. These things should have never happened again." He said with a simple frown that made all four Alpha's look to the ground at the memories.
"Omega's do not need a signing off of their Alpha if they are not mated. That right then goes to the Alpha of your house, in this case, your Father. Rape cases are a whole other thing, you may not need Alpha approval if you can prove the ra-"
Castiel's thoughts swirled and pounded against the corners of his mind, his wings rigid and fluffed in aggression and aggravation, jaw clenched, fists tight, his walk was stiff and his eyes held anger as he made his way towards his room.
He would be a good Alpha and a good husband, he would rule this kingdom fairly how he had been taught and Earth was quickly becoming a powerful ally.
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Cas listened to his brother's ramblings with a faint smile on his lips once he had gotten seated with his glass of whiskey. Gabriel had a way with words... he had the gift of calming or distracting most anyone he wanted or needed to.
"It's not Babysitting if I enjoy your company." She said simply before opening the door to Dean's chambers.
"I simply wanted to congratulate the victor of the duel." The tall esteemed looking woman purred as she stepped in. Her eyes flicked black as she held her head up, horns poking from her neatly done updo in a regal way "I am-"
"How." Michael asked, well more like stated as his wings lifted slightly, despite the dull throb in two of them
Garth Fitzgerald also held a heavy family oriented attitude, but he was shorter, a string bean squirrelly kind of guy with a long neck and big ears. A soft Midwest voice, and was an open minded kind of man. He was also a hugger, and while Benny thought it was amusing, Dean had mixed feelings about it
"She had the audacity to introduce herself to Michael. The demon was responsible for Dean's kidnapping though she claims she was not a part of it." Cas frowned his wings lowered slightly as he ran a hand over his face
Her claims of having nothing to do with Dean's kidnapping and horrid torture were contrary to the Omega's description of one of his assailants. Not to mention Dean knew Abaddon by /name/. Things weren't adding up, Abaddon had seemed disappointed that Michael had won the throne, almost as if she had wanted Raphael to win...
Sam nodded and the young Prince stood and followed the older Alpha out the door after a quick glance over his shoulder as the dark skinned Prince called out the challenge Officially to the Future King
It was annoying to Dean so he rarely went out on dates anymore. Never stopped any of his friends from trying to hook him up, Lisa included.
"You're married to him." The angel ground out between clenched teeth. Suddenly one of his hands slammed into the back of the chair beside Dean's head and the hunter got the first glance at the chain dangling around the Angel's neck, it was a leather blood stained necklace, with a familiar amulet and a silver men's ring, not silver, angel blade metal. The same as the one that both Dean and his Angel wore. Dean could almost feel the phantom weight of that necklace around his neck, the leather against his neck, and amulet resting against his chest.
The Alpha growled and his free hand came around the back of Dean's head and grabbed the short hair tugging the Omega's head back
"Alright Boys, everyone is getting restless, these demons want to bury their mutilated Queen, and I'm sure Crowley wants his throne and people here want medical attention." Rowena cut in, a deep frown on her face, waving a hand to Dean, Lucifer, and bystanders.
"Of course that's what I want." Dean closed his eyes with a sigh "There's a lot going on though isn't there? I-I killed someone and just kept-"
Soon the gaurd announced his arrival and Dean entered into the parlor. Michael was already there and greeting the demon woman.
"I told you. I am pregnant. I'm pregnant with the baby of an absolute/ monster/! I'm carrying that Demons offspring in me!" Dean wrapped his arms around his middle, his breathing picking up "Michael will call the wedding off- Chuck-Chuck will I don't even know... I-Dad will be so disappointed.. I failed Sammy. I failed our Kingdom. Our family. Heaven. Michael- Oh God when Castiel finds out He-" Dean rambled on the verge of hyperventilating as his breathing picked up, his heart hammering rapidly in his chest
"What are you researching Gabe?" Sam asked as he took off the top most books from Gabriel's stack to prevent him from dropping them or falling.
Dean took a deep breath, he had to take this all one issue at a time. The first issue being, what, was he going to do with the baby?
"You certainly are a strange Omega. Nothing like how they have been conformed to act and behave or even dress." Michael replied with a distant look in his eyes.
The drugs, the booze, the sex, it used to keep him from dwelling on his failures, Dean used to keep him from dwelling on all his attempts at doing right and failing. But now nothing was working and the only other human he truly ever loved was gone.
"We'll take my car, she's a beauty. Better than the loud ass copper cars they make the beat cops drive." Dean chuckled fishing his keys from his coat pocket, flipping on his hat and motioning for Michael to follow. Before he strutted off though he clasped Bobby on the shoulder and gave it a bit of a squeeze. "Ma wants you to call her by the way. Her and Pa worry y'know."
Over the years though, the freckled Winchester just, knew, when the fluttering sound of ruffled feathers was his angel, or some feathered dick bag out to hurt him.
"I'm fine Sam." Gabriel spoke softly, pulling his hand away from Sam's gentle touch. "I just, it's a lot to take in. Crowley practically just told me, that my older, now/ dead/ brother was a damn traitor to the throne, that he had been so, so-so brainwashed and manipulated that-" Gabriel was cut off as he was suddenly pulled into a hug by the younger but taller human
"No. His scent was filling the hall, full of anger and distress and a demon Alpha he was taken." Michael explained as he relaxed slightly under his stiff little brother's hand
The Prince rushed to a waste bin full of potato skins and various garbage as he hurled up everything he'd eaten the last day or so.
"You keep her name off your lips wench!" Chuck's wings ruffled, eyes wild as he pushed past wedding goers to stand before Rowena, but maintained a little distance
"You never complain about being sweaty Dean." Castiel purred finally opening his eyes and giving his very freckled boyfriend a little smirk
Michael was the last to exit the carriage of his own family. Not a one of them had muttered a single word the entire ride over, no one had anything to say
Sam of course was hesitant, unsure how to take such an intimate gesture from his friend and older Alpha, but sure enough the boys nose buried into the Archangels neck. He inhaled deeply as his arms wrapped tightly around Gabriel.
"You're a liar. Which I will not tolerate." Abaddon frowned before motioning with a hand and that's when Dean noticed Alistair's renewed presence. Dean's nostrils flared at the fresh scent of another Alpha and was trying to sort out everything that was going on through the haze of his downstairs brain.
A womans sharp voice sliced through the air and the hand that had been brusing his face in its tight grip released him
If only the booze would kick in, if only the light feeling of the pills and smoking would settle and make him completely numb!
There was no denying how beautiful Heaven was. The sky was slightly overcast but the breeze held spring on it, the flowers were budding in the bushes and trees, peeking out of the grass.
"Listen doll," He leaned over her desk as she sat back down "I just wanna talk to the big man. Not interested in talking to this Cohen guy right now." Dean spoke in a hushed tone glancing over his shoulder at the other man that Charlie had pointed out "Say, how about you let me slip in while Singer's on the phone, then maybe afterwards you and I can show you this great clip joint* I know of." Dean tilted his head, still leaning on her desk to which Charlie frowned.
"Wow Sam. Real encouraging. Where pray, did you learn your bedside manners?" Dean laughed again as he shook his head, tilting his chin up to see his little brother's face
Whatever it wasn Michael really just wanted to talk to Dean some more. The Omega was, well he was fascinating, besides, he wanted to get to know Dean as a person, before they were married. He already knew the Omega had a fascination with the color blue, had a MAJOR sweet tooth, well he loved pie, and took beautiful care of his pure black horse, Baby, whom the King of Earth brought with  them upon their arrival in Heaven.
"I am not in the mood for your silly games Gabriel." Castiel bit out with a low growl before turning around and resuming his pacing
"I know. Say, once we arrive home we must celebrate! Afterall you're going to be a married man soon." Lucifer gave Michael a cheesy grin before looking ahead.
"Perhaps we should head back." Dean's voice came out in a hushed whisper, Michael almost didn't even hear the Omega in his dozing off state
Gabriel snapped his fingers as he reached for his hat with his other hand and put it stop his head, his dancing and swaying didn't stop as he shrugged on his coat and blew himself a kiss in the parlor mirror
"Awfully quiet, aren't we?" He hummed walking past Chuck, Michael and Castiel to examine the food being set out on the dining table. "Mind if I join you?"
Dean put his head back in the window as they slowed before and entered the city that was below the castle nestled away from the ocean, except for the far side where Dean figured there were docks for ships and boats. Dean hoped he could see the ocean from wherever in the castle he would staying.
Sam pulled Dean into his chest and ran his fingers through his big brother's hair. Dean had used to do the same when he would have nightmares, and when Adam would get scared, and with Dean moved here to get married Sam would do this to help Adam to calm down.
"No. But my brother almost did, he hit the dog though and now he's got a dog." Dean laughed again, one hand rubbing up and down one of his thighs "Did get in an accident when I was younger with my dad and brother though. We rolled a few times, completely totaled the car."
The day had started as any other, a quick meeting with his future father in law, checking on troops,settling affairs of citizens.  Why a werewolf family and a human family couldn't just build a fence was beyond him, he didn't understand how such a simple solution needed to involve the King...
"Castiel, you know you can tell me right?" Michael said simply when the two Amgels stopped outside a door.
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
One last glance at his reflection and now satisfied Dean closed the heavy wood door behind him and headed to his Father's study.
If it hadn't been for the sorrow and conviction swirling for dominance in his brother's eyes and scent, he would of doubted his simple declaration.
"Omegas are people too Lucifer. They aren't toys or breeders how society treats them. They have feelings, thoughts, ideas, they are their own people. As an Alpha it is my job to care for him and his needs, to protect him. Not to control him and use him as a toy."
The Omega had seemed fine all day but who knows. He had mentioned his heat would start any day and having privacy for that was a good Idea.
Before Dean could fully process the words the other Prince had said he was standing, gripping the blanket around his bruised and cut torso as he came to the angel and gripped him tightly he whimpered out a simple command he prayed the Prince would carry out
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
"So… where'd you grow up?" came the next question. They still had a few miles ahead of them, so why not use the time they had to make some smalltalk.
Anger weaved around the edges of Chuck's scent as the bearded angel looked John in the eyes, his graying feathers ruffled up a bit, hands folding on the table before him
"Just acting 'course. Actually I was in a bar fight for my acting... Never be too blunt when you ain't sure bout someone," Dean laughed again with a shake of his head as he reassured his partner happy for once he was asked about where he grew up
Dean ignored the way Cas' cheeks tinted pink, and the own heat the Omega felt on the tips of his ears.
Castiel frowned and his nose twitched at the soured and angry scent that radiated off of Michael in waves.
Dean gasped and released the demon's hand from his mouth, the tang of warm blood on his tongue and he couldn't give a shit.
Not that there was anything wrong with them... They just rubbed him the wrong way. Raphael especially.
"It has nothing to do with Dean marrying, nor his kidnapping, though torture is a more accurate word for what he was put through." The human ground out trying to keep his own scent relaxed and neutral enough. How Crowley remained so neutral all the time in his demeanor was a mystery John wished in the moment he knew the secret to.
"It's not a problem Gabriel. You needed to just, let the emotion out before it built up and caused you further heartache" Sam rationalized as he always seemed to do.
Alpha and Omega re entered the castle hand in hand, going into the library where Sam was sitting curled on the window seat Reading, Gabriel on the floor beside him also reading, gold wings relaxed as he lifted his book to show something to Sam.
Prince Castiel had informed Lucifer that they needed to be extra alert as the wedding planning officially got underway, with so many species coming in and out of the castle, they needed to ensure the safety if the royal family.
Cas loved the drive across New Orleans. It was like traveling through several cities all at once. Where they lived, there was nothing but forest, acres of land and a few houses here and there, then, suddenly they'd reach downtown where all the big buildigs would squeeze up to form a stunning skyline. Merely a few minutes further towards the sea, that dense skyline loosened up to give way for all kinds of cute little coffee places, restaurants with little balconies, clubs with dancefloors that faced the ocean and bars with a stunning view on the setting sun towards the evening.
Dean moved to sit in an armchair, Castiel in the armchair beside them, hands still being held between them
Michael's wings dropped a smudge, the ends of his blood speckled white feathers dusting the flower petal covered carpet of rhe center aisle, the tips of his feathers dipping in blood as a pen in ink. His eyes watered, scent burning with anger and pain. Burnt cinnamon and wet paper ruined his usually calm and peaceful scent, eyes turning to his father, Chuck's mouth opened and closed like a fish out of water, grasping for something convincing to tell his eldest son
Lucifer spun the demon around with a growl and stared into the Alpha's milk white eyes. With a snarl he pulled the Demon before pulled a knife from his belt and putting it below the Alpha's chin
"I'm out of salt rounds. I'm sorry children, looks like we're doomed." Cas shrugged and leaned over the kids heads to kiss Dean. This resulted in both kids fake gagging and squealing more. Little Dean got out of his Uncle's arms, getting his little hands on each of his Uncle's foreheads and pushing them apart.
Dean sat in a chair that made him sink into it a little bit, it was comfortable, and high backed, the armrests were cushioned and the fabric was very soft.
Dean raised his hand to knock on Bobby's door, when he was stopped by Bobby's personal secretary. A cute redhead, hair in a ponytail, polka dot white and blue dress. She put her hands on her hips, tilted her head and looked up at Dean. "Bobby is in a meeting. Can I help you?"
The smile finally tugged away at the corners of Castiel's lips. The once Angel gave Dean a gummy smile and leaned down to kiss the hunter's nose
Less than a week later he had sent his second oldest and Alpha Son Sam to stay in Heaven and assist in anyway necessary, along with a good amount of soliders.
Dean grabbed fistfuls of the Prince's deep blue and silver robe and even though he was a little taller than the Alpha he put his forehead on Cas' shoulder and sobbed. He sobbed so much lately that the human was surprised he could even still cry.
John sighed and squeezed Dean's shoulder his scent calming and Dean couldn't resist the fact he relaxed into it a little.
"Damn right it's a hard boiled case. There was one single trial in court with little to no result at all. All it was good for, was to actually have a face to this whole thing, though I'm pretty sure Loki is not his real name. I mean, come on using Norse deities as a cover up is just dingy. The guy's face is all we have right now. We know they live somewhere outside of town and that they own a bar downtown." he summarized while flipping through some coffee-stained notes from half a year ago.
Sam crossed to the table in a few easy strides on his long gangly legs. Setting himself down across from Michael he folded his hands over the table nervously. Taking in Michael's expression, downcast and sad as he moved his food around with his fork. Wings stock still as he spread just one set out for Kelly to work through
Michael couldn't believe anything that Raphael was spewing. To bring his little brother and fellow Alpha down like that, to spit on the name of their youngest brother.
He felt so void of all emotion and while it sucked, it gave him some relief to the pain. Though deep down Cas knew it would only come back when he woke up. This was his life now.
Raphael was in worse shape, one of his four wine red wings hung limp and at an odd angle, blood trickled from his nose and mouth, he favored one shoulder over the other, he was limping pretty badly as well.
"Dean?" Castiel's voice broke the pounding thoughts in the other young adults mind and it echoed with a calm.
The Alpha slammed his door open and slammed it shut, the noise of the heavy door echoing down the hall.
"Do come in and join us young Prince. You barely ate, we have enough." Kelly spoke up not even turning her attention away from fixing Michael's feathers, a fire roaring, flames dancing with an excitement the current company was lacking
"Why can't I cross the salt line?" The question was asked as the ex hunter nudged at one of his hot dog socks with the toe of his boot
"Raphael is away on business and will be returning in a few days. Father is in a meeting as the King and Queen of Earth just arrived about an hour before you. Your Omega has not yet emerged from his quarters, but has assured the maids his heat is over and he wanted to spend today getting his energy back."
"I love you to Kelly." He spoke softly, turning to kiss the top of her lovely smelling hair before the light turned green
"I just wanted a moment with my father! Is that so hard to ask?" Dean asked pacing back and forth in one of the gardens. Being spring it was atill rather chilly, and Dean not being used to it had on a fluffy long coat, the grass was starting to turn green and flower buds were color bulbs on the trees and bushes.
"It’s salt! You can't cross it!" This time it wasn't Castiel that answered but the giggling voice of Dean's nephew, who was affectionately also named Dean, and nicknamed 'Little De'
Spinning again Gabriel flopped back in one of the cushioned armchairs facing Castiel's desk indulging Castiel in his change of subject "My girl's a real doll. Her name's Kali, this gorgeous filthy rich Indian woman I met in Rome. Real gold digger." Gabe winked and leaned back, rubbing at the leather of the armrests of the chair, his eyes flicking up to look at Castiel as he wet his lips "We're both a couple of gold digging cons. But, there may be something more. Under the flirting, chasing, competition, sex, I think something's brewing and not just in me."
Lucifer caughed as the chains fell from him, his wings popping out from their bent position into what would be considered almost the resting position of wings.
Dean looked at the dark haired Icey eyed Archangel Alpha and just stared. He smelled nice, like leather bound books and cinnamon. Overall Dean couldn't complain.
Michael smiled over at Lucifer before bidding him good night. It was nice to talk to the other Alpha, even if honestly he only saw pain when he spoke of his upcoming wedding.
"Are we talking about Michael? Or you?" John placed a hand hesitantly but gently on Dean's knee, making the Omega Prince's eyes shoot open and his head snap up to look at the concern and, understanding in his eyes
"Crowley, I was just informed of your death," Michael stiffly said with a stony face, lifting his chins and wings in a subtle display of dominance.
"Well ok... But just Dean is fine." He paused as they walked "Unless you'll get in trouble... I'm not familiar with Angel customs... I've only read a little on them... Enough to know their private creatures and very traditional. They keep their customs to themselves and you don't wanna start a war with them." Dean frowned just thinking about how stupid he most likely was for not knowing much about the type of people he would be marrying.
"Yeah yeah get outta here you two. I gotta get to work. Text me if you need to and lemme know when Lisa picks him up. Kiss your lady for me."
Dean's arms wrapped around John as he tried to keep the damn from breaking, a single tear slipping down his cheek as he felt his father's shoulders give a shake.
Entering his own room Michael closed the door and slid down it into the floor. His wings flopped their pure white feathers onto the marble floor, limp and unmoving as Michael rested his head back on to smooth door.
"Don't let Raphael's words get to you. You are a real Alpha whether you're stuck up older brother sees it or not." The floppy haired Prince finally spoke what he had wanted to say since he had heard the older Archangel snap at Gabriel.
Dean paused for a moment and swallowed back this sudden feeling of fear as he wormed his arm out of the Alpha's grip.
They poured freely down his cheeks, chest aching, he could barely breath, if it hurt this bad, and had hurt this badly for weeks, how badly would it hurt once Dean and Michael were actually officially married?
The Archangel gave the Omega a soft small smile to which Dean did not return. His expression was blank and his eyes seemed empty. His face was covered in bruises and scrapes, one eye nearly swollen shut, his lips were chapped and split. He wore boots and an outfit like that of the soliders, but with no armor, and Castile's blood stained tan trenchcoat. It broke Michael's heart to see someone in such a state, Michael didn't want to fathom what the rest of the Omega looked like right now.
"Here you are sweetheart." He smiled as she clutched it close to her chest "Did your brother get his shoes on?"
"Oh Gods..." Michael muttered taking a step back and sitting heavily in a chair that was surprisingly not tipped or smashed
"What happened here?" He stepped over some pieces of the shattered Mirror and stood before Dean, his wings shuffled as concern flood his scent, he took both of Dean's hands in his and examined Dean's face for a sign of some kind.
As the story came to an end Castiel's face was buried in his hands and his wings were slumped and limp behind him.
Cas did, arms hesitated slightly as they wrapped around the taller human. His wings stretched forward with his arms but didn't wrap around the human as that was a bit to intimate to Castiel.
"You know, I'd really like for Kali to be the one. I've never seen you smile like that before and you've brought home your fair share of women." Cas chuckled, though his tone of voice had softened.
Michael sat beside him and Lucifer may have thrown a couple of wings over him, pink red meeting white in a contrasting manner that Lucifer loved so much.
"Because I offered to get her for your Father. To help end some of this, inner turmoil among his sons and to prove him wrong on something. But I suppose your father was right in saying there is more pressing matters than who is marrying who and if it is right." Crowley poured himself some tea not sparing another glance to the stiff archangel before him
"I'm alright. Promise. Just a bad dream." He slipped his feet into his slippers frowning and he left the warmth of his nest, his bed rather.
As his brother handed him the glass of whiskey, the young Novak groaned and leaned back in his heavy wooden chair, taking a sip and letting out a deep breath. That day marked exactly one full year of them being in Louisiana. New Orleans was great, the way culture clashed and mixed was refreshing and felt like home. But there was this incredible weight of knowing that what they did hurt people. And not only salesmen but people they cared about. People like Kelly. Oh, how many times Gabe or Cas - sometimes even Balt - had to meet Kelly and explain to her that there had been some meeting going on back at Lucifer's office when in reality their oldest brother was either questioning and threatening someone or recovering from a fight, a pursuit or some other injury he obtained by simply being himself.
Kate followed Michael onto the balcony,looking over the ocean. It seemed to be the thing to do lately when an important conversation was to take place
Michael blinked as he looked at his reflection, the mirror over the sink showed Michael staring at a tired version of himself, with red rimmed eyes as the eldest Prince and soon to be King held back tears for the brother he would bury in but a few hours.
"No, and stop examining me, brother dearest," Cas ordered in fake annoyance. "You know I'll remain loyal to Hannah for as long as I can and have to. She's not to blame for dad's slip up back home." He smiled, though it didn't quite reach his eyes. To put it frankly, Cas missed home. New Orleans was great but he missed Salerno, he missed home.
Lucifer's mouth fell open and his eyebrows raised, the glare that the young Alpha was giving this demon was unlike his usual peaceful nature, his scent held anger, agression, and an unspoken threat. Wings fluffed like the never ending vastness of the unknown, chin up, eyes full of a raging fire of hate, burning darker than the sea of fire beyond Hell's Southern border.
Gabriel frowned before a little sad smile formed on his lips and he looked ahead where he was walking.
"Your mom doesn't like much." He muttered soon packing both kids into their car seats. Baby didn't look to bad with a couple of car seats on the back bench. Another thing Lydia bitched about, his 67 Impala and whether or not such an old car was 'safe' for children to ride in. Kids rode in it back the whole time the vehicle was manufactured, besides, Dean and his little brother grew up riding around in Baby, the car was safe enough.
"Don't fret baby bro, I'm the sibling therapist for some odd and dumb reason, and I don't take it lightly." Gabe smiled a kind smile as he tried to tame Castiel's insane hair "I've got a few things rolling around up here," he tapped his temple with a smirk "One of em is bound to help you out. For now head down for food and I will join you shortly. I need to speak with father about something."
"I'll let you go... But Gabriel," He turned to face his little Alpha brother with a serious look "promise me, if something if wrong, you tell me. As his eldest brother I demand to know if something is wrong."
"On to the actually important things that caused precious Gabriel to brave finding me on my island prison and break me out." Her eyes began to glow purple, hands outstretched, fingers stiff like manicured claws of a wendigo, her voice echoed as if in a cave, but rushing like violent waves, with a shout of what the Humans present recognized as Latin the candles flickered nearly blowing out only to light with large dancing flames casting intimidating shadows crawling up the walls. The lights then fell to low little fluttering flames, casting the large room in an eery glow.
"To a point. My love for him is not like yours. Don't worry, your secret is safe with me My King." Kellyifted Michael's chin as she answered him in a quiet Whisper, eyes soft as she placed a gentle kiss to the broken Crowned Prince's forehead
The Prince watched as the demon struggled in Lucifer's grip, with the white eyes the demon was almost equal to an Archangels strength, almost.
"I can't get it out of my head... His scent, his eyes I just... You know since I met him, all shades of Green haven't seemed so vibrant or interesting anymore... I keep trying to compare them to his eyes and it's wrong for me to think like that, to feel like this but..." Castiel's voice trailed off and Dean couldn't listen to this anymore.
Gabriel intercepted a maid as she was bringing afternoon tea to their guest, she didn't seem to mind as the gold winged Archangel flashed a flirtatious smile and toom her tray.
One thing he knew he wouldn't like about this kingdom was it was colder then what he was used to, he was tanned and freckled from days in the sun and summers in the woods. In the winter it rained, never snowed, here it was Spring time and he was shivering.
Michael retreated back to his room and closed the doors to the balcony. He was taking Dean away from Castiel, this was turning into a giant mess and everyone was powerless to do anything about it.
"It's ok your Highness. I know you're just upset." The boy smiled and then ran off to his mother when Castiel smiled and nodded to the worried looking woman.
Castiel sat on the couch in the entertainment room, or the Dean cave whatver it had been deemed, a random book in hand as he simply leaned back and tried to relax for the night. Reading usually was a good way to get his tumultuous mind to rest, sometimes even relax into an almost meditative state.
The demon stilled in shock as he looked up slightly at the blonde Alpha that had indeed tied the restraints a little to tight.
"I'm home! My phone died at lunch have you heard from Sam or Eileen?!" Dean Winchester, shouted from the doorway as he dropped his work bag and removed his jacket. He paused when he didn't get a response, and when the dog didn't come barreling into his legs like the mutt always did "Angel?" Pausing to listen and hear no response "Miracle? Here boy!" Dean whistled for the dog, again no response or jingle of collar.
"Which of you is Dean Winchester?" His voice, Dean felt something stir that hadn't in a long time as the man tilted his head much like a curious puppy, his voice like gravel in a food processor
The three Winchesters soon got in a carriage that would follow the rest of the more esteemed and related funeral guests to the grave sight for the burial, Dean watched the four Princes climb into the leading carriage with their father, he watched Michael linger outside as the heavy slow rain drops slide down his face, grey gaze lingering on the wooden and decorated box his little brother lay in as they loaded it, before someone inside the ride pulled him from his trance.
"If you insist. Sleep well son. You have a lot ahead of you. A marriage and a coronation." Chuck gave his eldest a weak smile and patted his son's shoulder before bidding Michael goodnight. Michael returned the sentiment as he closed the door.
"Sounds romantic. Is she to be your future Queen? She is a lovely Beta, of good heritage and wealth. A loyal and noble family, her father serves in the King's court Afterall." Dean spoke of the lovely blonde as he curled up in the chair "Bring me a couple of those pillows from the small couch by the fireplace would you Sam?"
He had seen Castiel and Dean on the shore in the early morning hours, he and Lucifer's relationship was finally nearly at a snapping point. This Abaddon character made him uncomfortable and her sudden ascension to the Throne of Hell was incredibly alarming. Not to mention she wanted Dean as a mate? Why? He was a child compared to him, and definitely a child compared to a demon like Abaddon.
Shaking his head Dean had turned around and made the mistake of walking backwards, only to bump into something solid, metal, it grunted, and his nostrils were overwhelmed with the scent of anger and Alpha.
"Damn it they went airborne!" The knight hissed and hurried back to the castle. It was of the upmost importance to find the Prince, in one piece and unharmed. It didn't help that Lucifer recognized the scent if the Alpha in question and he really liked to torture people. Alistair.
Castiel unfolded his wings, looking as Kate rounded the corner and her worried gaze fell on the two. The Beta Queen must've sensed something off about Castiel because her eyes softened from worry to understanding
"I do not believe anyone gave you permission to speak." The Archangel hissed, the four wine purple wings twitched in irritation
Inspired by https://cas-watches-over-you-artblog.tumblr.com/post/190458849005/endversecas-smoking-shaking-trying-to-numb-his
Dean looked up at Michael and had to simply nod. It took a lot not to lean into the warmth of the angel standing beside him.
Gabriel frowned glancing between Crowley, Michael and his father Chuck as the tension became extremely thick in the air
"You want to talk about Michael? Is he alright?" Dean asked quickly worried that the Crowned Prince may have been more injured than he was told
This fic, "Red String" is officially the very first fanfic I've ever /actually/ completed, and I've been writing since 2013.
"You can't come with me Sam, Dean needs you here. He needs your support now more than ever, dealing with everything and healing, along with the wedding which will be forced on them in no time, rushed quicker even if my father has anything to do with it. You can't come along."
"In the event that a person or persons True Mate can be proven and revealed by trusted and non manipulated magic, they are protected by law to be together and mated regardless of gender identity, second gender designation, or social class hierarchy." Sam's eyes widened a little "So Regardless of being the same gender, or same designation they can me married and mated while protected under law? This also states Regardless of social hierarchy."
Once at his desk, cigarette in hand, Michael took another look at what he was working with; poorly written journals of other detectives who had failed to solve the case, a few newspaper articles and that was basically it.
