“Oh no, have you started hearing someone coming in and out at night?”
“See you in four days!”
“Strange-”
“Remind me to program you to have fifty percent less heckling.”
Tony says. “Guys, if you don’t mind, there is this little thing called an emergency going on.”
“Yes, this is in fact what we expected when you summoned an official Avengers meeting,” T’Challa says.
“Oh,” the other man just says.
The subject had not been addressed again. From what Steve understood, he was sort of the Asgardian equivalent of a high schooler who ran around town using the jewelry he stole from his mother to buy a fake ID to get into the local gay bar. Except their version involved a lot more stabbing.)
Steve is staring at him so intensely Tony feels like his heart could float out of his ribcage at any moment. “Alright. I’ll help. And I’ll tell the team to help you organize it too. I’m sure Natasha would be great at party planning.”
“Oh, it would be Vision’s first Christmas too. And the Asgardians!”
Riri stares at her like the main character in a high school romcom. Next to them, Bruce, Jane Foster and Vision are talking about astrophysics and philosophy, every once in a while paying attention to the teenagers’ conversation.
“2015.”
“Alright! You’re the boss, boss,” she sing-songs.
“Alright, what do I need to tell you?”
While Tony vehemently denies doing anything for Peter, ever,
Tony tries not to gulp too obviously while staring at Steve, something light and bubbly and ugh, fluttery, stirring in his chest. Finally he settles on saying: “Yeah, this could.”
“I’m coming, but you will fly me back to my cruise by ten the next morning,” she ends up saying.
“One minute,” Tony pleads. “Come on. After all we’ve been through together.”
Tony pauses. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
“Thanks,” Steve says, his smile ever so blinding. “So why now, Tony?”
The doors open without a warning and Steve is sitting right in front of him. He looks up from his tablet, startled, his face impossibly soft for someone whose traits seem carved in marble.
FRIDAY pauses before she says, hiding her laughter, “Sure, boss,” and it is so unfair that all of his AI end up developing the capacity to heckle him.
And I once saw you talking to a bird!”
She flirts with a caterer until she agrees to deliver some quickly made dishes they can warm up and any excess food she has from other parties she served for. She convinces Wanda and Pietro to make some of the recipes their grandma used to prepare for Hanukkah after they claim their reluctance as any twenty-something-year old is wont to do, then Vision actually joins in on the fun. It also turns out decorating is way easier when two members of your team have telekinesis, and Vision and Wanda look sickeningly sweet hanging mistletoe everywhere they can.
“First of, I would never judge your aunt’s parenting method,” Tony says, tapping his fingers on the wheel. “Also, embarrassing teenagers with baby pictures in front of their crushes is a century-old tradition and I would never dare break it.”
At her side, feet kicked up on her thighs, Clint is reading a trashy gossip magazine and obviously doesn’t have his hearing aids on. In splashy red letters, the journalist, who probably went to Harvard for this, speculates about
“Do we have another hidden sibling Father forgot to tell us about?” Loki inquires, sounding bored.
“It is indeed,” Vision says, “statistically much likelier that a white American male is once again the cause of our troubles.”
“Valid point,” Tony says.
“What about the truth?” Steve offers. He is still wearing that ridiculous smile, and Tony doesn’t want to tell him. He
The first one Tony goes to is Steve, not, he tells himself, because of any lingering feelings he might have, or might have had, or might have had considered having at some point, or might be getting back in the near future, but because most of the others listen to him. If he can get Steve on his side, the only ones left to convince will be T’Challa and Strange.
“Wow. He really is your kid, Stark,” Rhodey deadpans.
Peter stammers for a full minute before he runs back into his bedroom.
Loki pretends to be indifferent, but he ends up commandeering everyone into better color coordination, which Tony didn’t see coming but appreciates anyway. (Most of it ends up sparkling green and silver, but well. He isn’t going to complain about a little Slytherin spirit.)
“Yes, alright, the world sucks, we live on a garbage planet ready to explode any moment and our president is an orange toupeed buffoon, we know that, Clint but this is more important. In fact, I would even go as far as saying this is the most important emergency any of us has ever faced.”
you had no intention to partake in and Natasha said
“OK.”
“No it was not.”
“Last time we were all in here at the same time - must have been, what? 2014?”
“Why did Thor just jump aboard my ship with the most gigantic fish I have ever seen in his arms to invite me to your house for Christmas?” Pepper says when she calls him the day before Christmas with no prior greeting.
“You have a very good memory,” Tony points out.
She laughs. “As if I’d ever trust you to drive me anywhere the morning after a party. Hilarious, Mr. Stark,” and hangs up on him. He smiles at his phone screen. Yeah, he was being an idiot before. In all the ways that matter, she’ll always be the love of his life.
“But like,” he says to Riri, crouched over a blueprint she made of her armor with random Christmas decorations, “how did you deal with the stutter in the centrifugal force when reaching half the maximum flow velocity?”
Thor stops staring at Bruce with moony eyes and asks, “Is it Thanos? Did the contingency plan we put in place to welcome him fail us?”
and you said
“That’s not because you’re normal, it’s just because you’re old,” Peter butts in, having snuck into the group at some point. Tony snorts and keeps himself from saying
Loki, ever the smooth tongue, hisses as he steps away, almost tripping on his own feet. Tony is absolutely terrified by the mere concept of these two flirting, but he used to get boned by a super soldier his dad used to have a crush on and his other most recent venture into love was a wizard obsessed with precious stones, so ungodly matrimony is all he knows. Plus, he’s pretty sure Pietro has a secret girlfriend he is trying to hide from them.
Tony lets an eloquent silence carry more than mere words could convey. On the other line of the phone, T’Challa sighs deeply, the sigh of an old, weathered man.
Tony pauses but -
“Sudden epiphany?”
Shuri scoffs at them. “She obviously just swapped the steel for vibranium. True question is, how did you even get that vibranium in the first place?”
“Nope.”
“I have just been informed,” Tony says, “that Christmas is in four days, and we need to organize a party from scratch. Pepper, who is the light of my life and by far the stronger Avenger out of any of us, just so you know, is on holidays, so I can’t call her. Well, actually, I
She smiles at him with a naked warmth Tony isn’t used to seeing on Natasha’s face, but then Valkyrie, who has spent most of the night gawking at these weirdly colored alien sisters Quill dropped off earlier, slides next to her and asks her if she might have this dance. If these two become a thing, they will be the most lethal couple in the history of the world - he is a little afraid and a little turned on, to be honest.
“No.”
She smiles at him, a dimpled wide grin that reminds him of Peter, and invites him in. After coming here a handful of times in the past few years, he is still not used to the cramped, comfy flat with all the potted plants and goofy family pictures. It is badly arranged, not one bit keeping up with the latest interior design trends, mismatched and cluttered instead of minimalist and stuffy, unlike every place Tony has ever lived in.
“Steve is so patriotic,” Sam announces, “he sings the National Anthem in the shower.”
Peter looks at Tony and Natasha like a forlorn puppy. Tony resolutely ignores him, because he is not going to fall for that. Not again.
Steve's fingers were in Tony's hair. He started mouthing over Tony's neck, a soft hum coming from him. Tony wasn't sure whether it was an actual sound or just Steve's frame trembling harder and harder the more he explored Tony's body.
"Want me to stop?“ Steve asked, voice cracking. He didn't loosen his embrace. He was trembling. Only slightly, but Tony felt it.
Steve shrugged. "I guess so.“
Tony nodded, surprised. "Yes. Thanks.“
"Yet very irritable."
"Was that your answer or just a spur of the moment? Which I'm not complaining about, by the way. You‘re a damn good hugger,“ he said, grinning sheepishly at the other man.
He huffed a laugh. "You would, wouldn't you?"
The man in the door wasn't Captain America. All Tony saw was a weary man, as troubled and unable to sleep as Tony was. Which was why he acknowledged him with a sharp nod, too worn out for words. Everything hurt, even breathing was painful at times.
"Haven‘t had pancakes in a while,“ he said quietly, leaning back in his seat.
Tony shrugged a shoulder, shifting a bit closer to the other man. "Sure, why not. Can't be that hard to find something that can get Captain America plastered."
The compound was asleep; the few people still living there were all scattered around the expansive grounds. They all had their own nightmares and nobody wanted to wake anyone who managed to sleep through the night. So every quarter was as far away from the next as possible.
"Is that why you're always there?“ Tony asked after a long moment.
Tony smirked, running his hands through Steve‘s hair.
Barton was gone. He'd left in the middle of the night without a trace. Natasha was just a shadow of herself. There were days when Tony thought he heard her cry in one of the empty rooms.
"You wish," Steve shot back, a grin flitting over his face.
They were all such damaged people. Each had their own misery, suffered their own terrible losses, and yet they still kept moving, kept at least trying to function normally.
"You okay?" Steve asked immediately, crouching down to peer into Tony's face.
The world around them vanished; the only thing that mattered was the man in front of him, warm, solid and utterly terrified.
Tony‘s tongue slid over Steve‘s lower lip, and with a sigh he opened his mouth. Tony tasted like tea and kissed like a drowning man. He barely felt his fingers digging into his scalp. Heat rushed through his body, setting his skin on fire.
He felt Steve‘s eyes on him every now and then, but eventually he stopped, staring out into the night, sipping his coffee.
Tony looked at him for a moment, taking in his face in the firelight, all sharp, painful edges.
Taking up the cup, he sipped, the bitter drink burning in his throat. He contemplated spicing it up with alcohol. He instantly dismissed the thought though. Because deep down inside he knew it wouldn't help.
"God help us all, I do,“ he replied. He shuffled a bit, gently pushing Tony‘s legs apart with his own.
One week later Tony stumbled into the common room, desperately trying to shake another nightmare. He was still breathing hard, cold sweat soaking his shirt.
He sat on one of the stools at the breakfast nook, only now realizing how cold he was. Gritting his teeth, he tried to warm his hands on the hot mug.
“You know what, I think I will,” he says quickly, “Shots, I mean. Make them. I’m going to go make shots that won’t give us alcohol poisoning after the first one.”
"I never learned how to waltz," he warns, taking Tony’s hand. Tony smiles mischievously and leads them out onto the dance floor.
“Yes.” He grins at her and instead steps out to lead her down the hall.
“She used it to hide so that she could kill,” Brunnhilde finishes, sounding completely disgusted. “No wonder she always felt so… empty.”
He’s been planning a checklist inspired by his Captain America posters ever since he hit puberty, and his sporadic additions over the years have multiplied exponentially since he met and moved in with the real deal. Who knew that super-strength could be so inspirational?
That would explain it, Tony decides. He opts to leave the shirt for now and is changing into jeans when the idea comes to him. It appeals to a primal part of his brain, the part that relishes in subtle claims and issuing challenges.
Then the words register.
The second thing that hits him is the realization that they’re actually doing this, that Steve is practically herding him towards the beat-up rental car they’d taken here. Tony would be lying if he said he hadn’t imagined him and Steve in the backseat of a car once or twice. Maybe a few times, usually while he’s working on the Mercedes-Benz with a sight-line to the interior.
“Nope, no take-backs. It’s mine now. Bring on the shots,” he demands regally, then promptly chokes on whatever it is that Natasha sets down in front of him. “I swear, Draino would go down easier than this.”
Tony pats Steve’s thigh in a way he hopes is soothing, because he really can’t find it within himself to be sympathetic. Not when The Shorts are on the line. It’s also an excuse to touch a little bit more... He’s never claimed to be saint, okay. “Waste not, Cap. Keep them for around the tower.”
“See you tonight! And just so you know, if I have to shave you'd better show some skin,” he calls over his shoulder, then bursts out laughing when he hears Clint say loud enough to reach the elevator:
He’s constantly telling Bucky to shut up.
Clint shrugs back and taps an extra beer bottle beside him. Tony beckons for it, but Clint is an asshole. A smart asshole who knows not to get in between Natasha and Pepper and whatever is in their focus.
That Steve lets this happen, and in fact sinks into the touch instead of pulling away, is a major win in Tony’s book—and in his pants, but he’s going to have to take care of that later.
“Sure,” Pepper tells her, and Tony looks over at Clint with sudden fear.
"You said it yourself when we first met," Tony responds quickly, his hands tight on Steve's hip and his upper thigh. "Whoever it is has an extra magical boost. They've been planning this for who knows how long. They're taking a Valkyrie head-on. Maybe if I can find out who it is and talk to them—" Tony trails off, his face burrowing into Steve's neck. "
Something catches his attention. It's wrong, something's wrong. There's no thought involved. He pours his magic out into a shield over his back and pulls Tony in against him. It's not a second too soon: a spell crashes into it, almost causing it to shatter.
“Mission complete,” Steve says with amusement. His hands haven’t moved, but they’re not as steady or demanding as they had been moments before. It’s almost like Steve isn’t sure of his welcome, but is loathe to leave.
The mask in Tony's hand glitters in the light as he puts it on. It does match Steve's, with the delicate wires and the makeshift gears, but it's flashier with the gold and hints of red that compliment Tony's suit exactly. Up close now, he can see that the gold threads in the jacket are also intertwining to form gears.
Steve forces himself to look up from Tony's ribbon-wrapped fingers. "I will not be held responsible for breaking JARVIS."
“Thanks, Pep!” Tony butts in quickly, tosses the tablet onto the couch, and slips away from their conversation. Pepper smiles and waves before she’s back to planning a girls’ night with Natasha, or at least that’s what Tony suspects. Calendars are involved.
They pull apart just enough that Tony can look him in the eye and promise: "I will."
Making a snap decision, he pulls back, or tries to. Tony lets Steve chase him, goes back himself for a few shorter but no less filthy kisses. He does eventually draw the torn shreds of his restraint back together, just long enough for him to turn in Steve's arms and circle his hips back. The loss of Steve’s thigh between his legs makes his breath catch, makes him want to turn back around and jump so that Steve has no other option but to hold him up with Tony’s legs wrapped around him. And he would, Steve would catch him and could even keep him there one-handed while he used the other one to unzip his pants—
Tony’s thoughts break off under the branding of Steve’s fingers as they brush over his fly. The fingers don’t stay there for long; they curl around his thigh possessively while Steve’s thumb presses against him with each swivel of his hips. It’s a tease of friction, just enough to keep Tony grounded while coaxing punched-out whimpers from his throat.
Steve nods, throat suddenly tight with jealousy he instantly tramps down. "I just need Mr. Stark for a few minutes and then you can have him back," he says as politely as he can.
Tony gasps in mock outrage. “Lies and slander,” he tells Steve with a sniff, pointedly ignoring Natasha. “She has no idea what she’s talking about.”
Pepper takes a shot herself, shudders, then steers Tony over towards the couch and pushes on his shoulder until he sits down. This is all done with a facial expression he doesn’t think he warrants. There’s too much skepticism in it.
Tony freezes in his arms, then bursts out with, “What the fuck, Brunnhilde?!”
Steve gets a pained look. “Not you too. Sam’s been making cracks about it all morning.”
He bypasses it at first, with sleep still weighing down his eyes and the scent of coffee the only reason he’s putting one foot in front of the other. It takes some fumbling and a close call with an open cupboard door before he’s taking the first heavenly sip of his own brew. Dark and rich, with enough bite that Pepper once claimed it could take the paint off of the walls. Which is a ridiculous claim, even if Clint is the only one is willing to drink any of the coffee Tony makes.
It takes a moment for him to realize that he’s paused with one hand on Steve’s far hip, their chests angled towards each other and just shy of touching. Steve’s breath is hot against his neck, sparking heat that flushes through him, heady and intoxicating.
“He’s going to burn it on sight. I love it, let’s go.” Rhodey clasps him on the shoulder and steers him inside. “We’ll catch up with you later, Carol.”
No, Tony decides after a moment of looking Steve up and down. Not emphasize. ‘Showcase’ would be a better word. Emphasizing is not needed here.
Everything has been leading up to this night. All of the break-ins, the threats, the security breaches at Stark Tower, the murders of several of Tony's business partners. It seems crazy to Steve now that what had brought them together was a rich man who'd been murdered in a hotel room.
There’s heat in Steve’s eyes when Tony draws back. A fire that jumps from Steve and straight to the pit of Tony’s stomach. It’s everything he wants, everything he thought he couldn’t have, and it’s being promised in the air that moves between them.
Knowing about magic, using magic himself, and being on a first-name basis with Fae has not been enough to negate the amazement Steve feels over knowing that gods exist. And that they have jobs or run companies in the mortal realm.
Steve extends a hand over the object—a wrought iron bracelet—and cobbles together some raw strands of his magic to poke at it. He already has his suspicions as to its purpose, and they are confirmed when the magic loops back to him. “JARVIS, can you link me in? It’s a suppression bracelet,” he says, and Brunnhilde glares down at Sunset. “It conceals magical energies. People would to use them to hide during the witch hunts.”
The cool evening air hits him first. It isn’t clean or fresh by any stretch of the imagination, but it’s bracing after the muggy atmosphere inside the club, and Tony wants to laugh because they’re
"Maybe I have this dance, Captain?"
“Whoops, forgot I had my volume on,” Natasha tells them.
Tony looks like he's thinking about it before he's nodding. "I would never want to cross Carol. Alright, we're going, we're going. Brunnhilde, you're good?"
Steve is already staring at him in horrified fascination. Natasha looks reluctantly impressed.
The symbolism of how his body is protecting Tony is important too; his shield is heavy on his back and he's reinforcing the defensive weight of his magic. Sure, he has the skills and the power to take on whoever it is, but so does Brunnhilde. He's going to have to trust her just as she's trusting him to keep Tony safe.
It takes all of his strength to let Tony go and swing around with his shield to face the fight. Tony is true to his word and stays behind him, not that Steve can really focus on where he is. Whoever is attacking has noticed them getting up, and a new volley of blasts to buffet Steve's shield, almost shattering it with brute force.
“Tell him I’ll meet him downstairs,” Tony decides, running his fingers over the edge of the arc reactor. He hates blocking it out, has become so used to the comforting glow that the absence of its light is making his breath catch in his throat. For all the teasing, shaving his beard and dyeing his hair are nothing compared to the black hole in his chest.
"No!" slips out, more biting and harsh than Steve intends. "Brunnhilde can handle it. Tony, you need to stay down."
“Sure thing, Chewbacca. You may also want to dye your hair,” Clint joins in, much to Tony’s delight and consternation. It's a fair suggestion; Tony rewards this pre-coffee forward-thinking by going to the pantry and grabbing a rice cracker to offer him. Clint takes the dismal offering with a bow of his head and immediately dunks it into his coffee.
"Where did that come from?" Tony asks, trying to get out from under him and scan the room. Steve grits his teeth and pours more magic into his shield.
"If something happens tonight I have faith in both of you. Keep my guests safe, okay?" Tony sounds completely serious, and Steve realizes suddenly that he still has his hand resting on the curve of Tony's back.
Her ears, Steve realizes. Oh shit. Oh no. "Tony, don't--"
is better?”
"The guy behind the technology is pretty incredible too," Rhodey says, just as quietly. He's looking at Steve like he knows what he was thinking, and maybe he does. Bucky’s constantly telling him that he wears his heart on his sleeve.
“Oh, fuck you,” Tony blurts out while Clint reaches around him to Steve for a fistbump. “I build you a state-of-the-art training room and you think
Tony stares hard at him. Steve stares innocently back.
All smiling with teeth just a bit too sharp. Their reflections are absent in the mirrors around the bar, probably edited out with some sort of technological marvel that Steve will never understand. He laughs when he realizes that Tony has dressed his staff as vampires.
“Good reading?” Natasha asks when he’s about half-way through, coming into the kitchen and looking way too put-together for someone in a housecoat and ratty slippers.
At first, the buzzing in his pocket blends in with the vibration of the bass speakers and sharp sting of arousal dancing right under his skin. Then it starts to grow more insistent in a way that reminds Tony distinctly of a very annoyed JARVIS. It continues on until Tony realizes that it
Dodging the third call in a row from Pepper, Tony pokes around in his closet until he finds some old jeans with minimal motor oil stains and starts looking for a shirt. The hangers click together with growing intensity as shirt after shirt is rejected. “Do I own nothing but blacks and greys? Why do I have nothing but black and grey… and a cat shirt. Okay, the cat shirt can stay, but where are all the colours? JARVIS, who buys my wardrobe, this is ridiculous.”
“I believe that all of your ‘colour’ shirts ran amiss with your lab, Sir.”
From his own mask, Steve can hear JARVIS's crackling voice confirming their whereabouts and Rhodey volunteering to go grab them.
She nods, keeping her eyes downcast as she covers Tony's hand with one of hers and squeezes in gratitude. Tony cocks his head for a second before getting up just enough to gather her into a tight hug. It's intimate, but off somehow. Maybe it's that it's too raw, but Steve can't shake the niggling feeling that something isn't fitting right with the way she is curled up against Tony.
Steve takes a second to just breathe, his chest tight with worry as he pulls Tony closer. "Okay. But stay behind me and duck if something comes flying at you. No heroics, no jumping in front of people, and no fucking dying. Promise me, Tony."
Steve gets a few looks with his ill-fitted suit and personalized mask, but no one calls him out. Probably because Tony is turning to him with his hand raised in offering.
Tony makes a wounded noise before he stops, seemingly to collect himself. "We'll talk about your insatiable need to say hurtful things later. Steve, let's get your mask and hook you up with security. Brunnhilde? I think the box fell into the cushions. Would you mind?"
She shrugs and gets up to follow them. "There's been a few twinges from the Runes but nothing that's registered as serious."
Steve freezes and tries to put him down, but Tony keeps him in a vice-like grip. There’s no way Tony is letting him run away that easily when he’s this close to getting what promises to be the best night of his life.
Tony looks up from pocketing his phone just as Steve is setting two cups down in front of him and their eyes catch. The happy little grin Steve has makes Tony want to reach out and touch; so much so that it takes a conscious effort to keep his hands distracted by fiddling with the napkin while Steve sits back down, until he realizes that he
It takes a few seconds for Tony to gather himself, a half-formed thought asking if maybe he’s taking this too far. It’s quickly silenced behind the need to have this. For just one night he wants to pretend that Steve wants him this close. It’s too much of a siren’s song for Tony to be able to back away. Instead, he stays and whispers, “We’re still on the lookout. He’s not our guy.”
Natasha shrugs. “You’re usually good for the first few minutes, but after that I can see where he’s coming from." She brushes some hair back behind her ear, and rests her chin on her hand. "Who’s your backup?”
She shrugs and fishes around herself for a second before pulling out a long narrow box. "This?"
Tony tilts his head, letting Steve look over his shoulder and out across the crowd. The rough drag of Steve's beard once again on his overheated skin sets off a shiver that races down his spine until it's lost in the beat of the music. There's a desperate moment where he wonders if Steve has noticed, and he hastily draws back.
“Of course, Sir. I’m sure Ms. Potts will be very happy to know that you are suddenly so keen on taking steps to not get sued.”
"JARVIS, we good to go?" Tony asks, fiddling with his clothing and making last-minute adjustments.
Rhodey leads him through the groups of people mingling on the dancefloor and points out both the uniformed security and the people they have blending in. There are a few obvious surveillance cameras, but Rhodey points to a few spots that Steve would never have guessed had anything different about them.
“We need to work on your lying,” Tony informs him, before going back to his coffee. Beautiful, loving, kind coffee that doesn't sass him for no reason.
"I believe so, Sir. There's slight camera interference when Captain Rogers walks by, but I'm running diagnostics to determine if it's a hardware or software issue."
Rhodey has taken over the chair Sunset left while Brunnhilde is checking out the whiskey decanters. Neither of them offers up answers as to why he's suddenly feeling like he's in the dog house.
“Tony’s just jealous,” Natasha says with a smirk. “He’s not allowed to grow a full beard for PR reasons. The last time he did, he wasn’t let into a fundraiser because security thought he was a hobo.”
To distract himself, he logs into the StarkPad to bring up a few designs from R&D, only to hear the blessed words:
“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, Sunset,” Tony tries again. “The quickest but most legal way to help your start-up was to buy it. That way you’d have all the financial backing you needed, and—”
Someone had clearly taken the time to tell him about the basics of dancing in the club with a partner, just had never gone through with the execution.
Tony takes in the newfound wisdom. “Right. Clint, you’re up then. Don’t make me regret this.”
Grabbing his phone, he shoots off a text to Pepper then heads into his bathroom.
“Feeling good, Ms. Romanoff.” Tony takes a shot glass from the neat row set out in front of her and throws it back. There is a sense of immediate regret it when it burns like black ice all the way down and sets him sputtering. “What is this?!”
"I—uh, oh. Mask, right. I have it right here." He digs it from his pocket and holds it up triumphantly.
“Nah, that was earlier when Tony was talking about Steve’s dick,” Clint tells him seriously. “Now I’m just trying to convince Tony that blondes have more fun.”
"Perfect," Tony all but purrs and glides through the doorway into the noise and chaos of the party. He's soaking it in, looking happy to be part of the crowd instead of separate like he usually is. People recognize him and everything about him draws the eye, but it's getting late and aside from glances and quick greetings he's left alone.
Slight movement in the corner draws his attention over to Brunnhilde, standing in the shadows. She isn't hiding, or at least she doesn't have the posture of someone hiding. It's like she's waiting, and the way she doesn't relax until Sunset draws back from Tony is all Steve needs to know she also thinks something is off.
. He’s already grinning wildly when he sees the moment it clicks in Steve’s mind that he said something wrong.
Tony shudders again and Steve holds him tighter, nuzzling into Tony’s hair along the edges of the mask.
As Steve's head thunks down on his shoulder, Tony stares off towards the club in bewilderment. It takes a few moments for him to process that his body has started to shake, and he frowns until he realizes that it’s because Steve is… Steve laughing silently against him. Which makes Tony realize—
Missing people? With Natasha and Clint out of the running that just leaves Cap. Which means—holy shit. Tony jolts upright. "Holy shit. It's a Cap thing."
“Not all of us get to play dress-up at work,” Carol teases. “Rhodey's going to take you in and show you around. He knows the security details as well as I do.”
He's too late. Tony has been watching over his shoulder the entire time and probably recognized who it was before Steve did.
"If you need me I can last longer than a few minutes, Steve. Where's your mask?" Tony is suddenly starting to look way too cheerful.
Tony glances at him, shrugs, and drains his glass. “If JARVIS is willing to bet on it, so am I.”
Tony jolts against Steve like he’s been hit. “Sunny, you kn—”
There's something about how she's phrasing it that has Steve glancing back at her nervously. She's frowning as her eyes dart around the hallway walls, and the frown doesn't go away when Steve brings her focus to him. She must be feeling it too: the unease that's prickling under his skin.
Tony shivers, not even caring that Steve has set about giving him hickies high on his neck where he’s not going to be able to hide them tomorrow.
"Mortal science. Asgard has been blending science and magic together for centuries."
Steve hoists him up, probably noticing Tony’s wandering thoughts, and leaves him with no choice but to wrap his legs snugly around Steve’s waist.
“Thought you’d never ask,” Steve says, snapping Tony out of his panic. There’s a soft smile on his face when Tony turns to look up at him, a bit dumbfounded.
Steve sits on Tony’s other side and leans around him to talk to Natasha. “What do you think? I’ve never been to a gay bar before—”
Tony swipes over the countertop to shut everything down. “Must be for you guys, to go over your super secret missions.”
Tony’s brain short-circuits at the simple possibility that Steve’s
“A t-shirt and track pants,” Steve’s voice says from over where he’s rummaging around in the fridge. Natasha has set out some mugs and is busy putting out tea while the electric kettle  bubbles on the counter.
“If you’re having a mental breakdown, can you hold off until we get home? Or maybe tomorrow after we’ve had sex? Maybe even after some morning blow jobs? You won’t even get beard burn because I’ve shaved. I shaved for this. Oh my god, Steven Grant Rogers, did I have to shave because
Brunnhilde slowly moves forward towards something on the ground by Sunset’s knee, and kicks it back towards Steve. Sunset tries to lunge for it, finally managing to free herself from the pain and shock she must have been feeling, only to be held back by Brunnhilde.
“Is that why?” Tony asks, his voice quiet. “You killed those people because you thought I had figured out you have magic?”
It takes a few seconds for Tony to realize something is off, for some primal nagging feeling to make him open his eyes and look around. It’s probably because Steve has stopped creeping his hand upwards towards Tony’s chest, but Steve isn’t allowed to take all of the credit.
“I’m afraid he is asking for you directly, Sir.”
“Holy shit, what are you wearing? Did you paint that on?” he asks incredulously, shaking sloshed beer from his hand. “You better not have hired someone, because I would have done it for free.”
“What?” Steve asks, and there is a hand curling around Tony’s waist, bringing him even further into Steve’s space so that they can talk. Tony takes a second to wet his suddenly-dry lips.
"Not accidentally explode," Brunnhilde drawls, and Tony turns to look at her suspiciously.
Brunnhilde has blood dripping from her ears and down the sides of her mask, but she's standing over Sunset’s crumpled figure with a grim expression and magic sparking from her fingertips. "Do you have those cuffs?" she asks, eyes never leaving Sunset.
Sunset is still on her knees, hunched in on herself in pain as her ears bleed freely. It takes a second for Steve to realize that the only reason the damage isn't worse for himself, Brunnhilde, and Tony is because the earpieces in their masks have taken the worst of the damage.
There’s a file sitting innocuously on the breakfast counter when Tony staggers into the kitchen.
Pepper shakes her head. “Tony, when have your plans ever
Having to push through the thickening crowd starts to make him rethink his decision to take the bus. Not regret, but rethink. People glance over their shoulders at him, some getting that spark of recognition while most just stick with dirty looks. They do grudgingly move out of the way at his muttered apologies.
“Backup plan number five, right?” Pepper asks as they get to the common room where Clint and Natasha are talking quietly at the bar.
Tony groans happily, arching his hips up, trying to get more friction. He needs a teleportation device, or something that can take them straight to the tower without Steve having to remove his tongue from Tony’s mouth. Steve isn’t averse to holding on to Tony in the suit, maybe Tony can summon it and they can fly back. That still won’t solve this kissing issue, but maybe if he—
. That they’re really going back to the tower, where he can actually get Steve over him, or under him, maybe even just against him as they fuck against the wall.
It doesn’t, however, stop him from worrying that Steve is awkwardly pretending that he’s clueless as a way to let Tony down easy.
put in super-classified mission parameters. This one yours?”
“I’ve never done this before,” Steve says dryly against his neck. “Dancing has… changed, and I wasn’t a big dancer even before this.”
Their rhythm stutters, and the way Steve freezes does all sorts of interesting things to the muscles of his stomach and chest. Tony has to let go of the belt loops in favour of running his hands all over them.
But neither Steve nor Tony move throughout all of this. They stay there, wrapped up in each other, surveying the damage and taking comfort until the clocks chime the midnight hour.
“I need you to look down... Good, now look up.” he’s told while Natasha tilts his face towards her with cold fingers. It’s a fight not to flinch away, and he mostly succeeds, but after a while his leg gets jittery. Then his fingers start to tap against the couch as he tries to distract himself with planning upgrades—which doesn’t work very well because he needs to write everything down, goddamnit.
Tony suspects a conspiracy between Fury and Pepper when he finds out that that he really does have meetings scheduled all day. It isn’t until early evening that he’s closing down his StarkTab after his last conference call and is finally able to focus on his ‘Plans’.
"Listen to Rhodey," Tony advises and wiggles the box in a way Steve suspects is supposed to be enticing.
“Wow, Cap. Grizzly Adams called and he wants his beard back.”
"I meant what I said," Rhodey says pointedly, overtop Tony who has just noticed them.
“You know I don’t believe it.”
Rhodey winces, not looking surprised. “The press can be… overzealous when it comes to Tony and the people in his life. You’re a bit of an oddity.”
“She’s a Valkyrie,” Steve defends himself. “She works for Odin himself. Fuck yes she scares me.”
He pushes forward, shifting his magic to absorb and deflect rather than take the hits at full force. After a few feet, when there's a break in the onslaught, he drops his shield altogether and whispers, "Ventus glacies,” pouring all of his will and magic into the words.
"If you destroy something I need to know, or you need to stop breaking the cameras!"
"Never ask for prices," Rhodey cuts in before Steve can panic further. "He'll say some ridiculous amount that he'll make sound like pocket change and then somehow make you look like the crazy one. Just put it on and get out of here."
Carol nods sagely as they move the last few feet through the crowd back towards the entrance. The looks Steve is getting are now ones of envy, and a few more people are starting to really recognize him. Probably from the gossip tabloids as of late: the ones that speculate over his relationship with Tony rather than his detective business.
a very annoyed JARVIS.
“You think?” Steve asks, his steady presence curling in closer.
"Oh," Steve hears himself saying, staring at Rhodey in wide-eyed shock.
“He’s…” Rhodey takes out his phone and taps a few times. “... over in the library with Brunnhilde. Want to go save him before she gets Odin to renegotiate the contract?”
Rhodey has come to a stop in front of a door that has a soft glow coming from underneath. He's studying him, and Steve shifts on his feet nervously. "You know he's your number one fanboy, right? There are times I would swear he's looking up wedding venues after you've left."
“Captain Cranky Pants over there proves otherwise,” Tony says, pointing to Steve before a stalk of celery comes flying from Steve’s direction, hits him in the shoulder, and falls onto his lap. The last time he had eaten celery was with a Bloody Mary and he’d hated it, but that doesn’t stop him from biting into it aggressively.
"It's not dramatics when you're being crushed by over two hundred pounds of muscle." And, okay, Tony does have a point.
“Send it in, we’re going to get closer.”
"You texting with him?" Steve asks, looking around to try and figure out where the library is in the mess of doorways.
“Okay, you’re done.”
“Fuck, Tony, no, don't—“
A hand palms his ass to pull him closer to Steve as the songs bleed together, leaving his thoughts momentarily derailed. At the same time it grounds him, bringing him back into the moment and the hot drag of Steve’s tongue against his own. It’s not enough to keep the hope from sparking against his sternum, but it is enough to fray the last of his self-control.
across the parking lot.
JARVIS is yelling in his ear about a sudden surge of hostile magic as Tony pulls them down to the floor. Not that it'll help, but Steve uses it as an excuse to hover over him and block as much of Tony as he can.
A knock at the door breaks him from his thoughts; he taps the arc reactor gently before going to the door and flinging it open dramatically. The look on Pepper’s face as she stares at him is gratifying enough that he poses in the doorway until she gathers herself.
, so longing, and yet it's gone the instant Tony realizes that Steve is looking back at him. It's not a leering look he's getting now, but a carefully closed-off one. Tonight is a fitting night for him to realize that the mask on the side table is a physical representation of Tony's every day.
That sounds like a challenge, and Tony perks up while everyone else stares at Steve in exasperation. Joke’s on them: Tony is a genius and he has
Tony blinks at it, looks at Steve's face, then back to the mask. The silence is becoming awkward and Steve's frantic brain refuses to come up with any combination of words that would make things better.
The sharp drag of beard burn is a bit of a shock when he’s on the receiving end, but Tony can’t bring himself to care—not when Steve is kissing him like a man drowning.
Sometimes, since Rebirth, Steve’s reflexes got out ahead of conscious thought. Sometimes, he didn’t actually know why he was doing a thing or what he was doing at all until he’d done it. Then he’d look down to find out he’d just drop-kicked a grenade away from a family of civilians or crushed a robot that had been inches from decapitating one of his team. So. He’d been almost as surprised as Tony to find himself ten yards away from his previous position and in possession of a frightened, helpless animal.
“Steve’s sitting on your lap.”
“Hey!” Steve sputters, lifting the phone out of reach, much too late. “Bad kitty!”
was just...open.”
Tony unfastened the rest of the crucial emergency latches and shimmied out of the suit. He was not
His heart clenched.
“Oh, good,” Tony rasped, squinting around for anything to look at, anything besides that awful face. “I’m alive, apparently.”
Far back along the right-hand wall, tucked up at the base of some stairs, wrapped in a blanket and sitting on the floor, was Tony. Steve couldn’t see much of his face from here, but he was drawing the sort of wet, ragged breaths that suggested a long bout of sobbing that had only just come to an end. Clearly, Clint’s estimation that Tony was “in some kind of mood” had been a bit of an understatement, and the last week’s awkwardness aside, Steve’s first impulse was to run to him and find out what was wrong.
Steve knew, now, that he should’ve tempered those fantasies, taken the time to imagine a world where Tony found him disgusting, once he knew the truth, but he hadn’t. He’d let himself hope, and he’d had his teeth kicked in.
The archer’s face was very nearly an emotionless mask, but he wasn’t quite as good at that trick as Natasha, and Steve could still read the shocked panic beneath it.
Holding perfectly still except for his feet, Tony rotated his chair 180 degrees to look out the office door.
“For...tea?”
once. (Granted, they did tend to buy very large boxes of poptarts in this household.)
a date. Very definitely a real date, Steve had been very clear on that, even if he did seem to be in an adorable dither about what that meant he could actually
If he’d had any hope that the joke would have lost its appeal with the others by the time they were finished sparring, that hope evaporated quickly.
“Reading anything good?” Bucky asks, blandly, but with an undertone of suspicion.
Tony was wearing bright red sneakers (which were probably deceptively expensive and designer), dark-wash jeans (at
“OH GOD NO.”
Steve faltered, fixed in place by Tony’s attentive, expectant gaze. “You...you want her?”
He was trying very, very hard not to show it, and the universe was making it very, very hard to accomplish that.
“Now, Cap,” Fallon picks up from a bout of laughter in the middle of their chat. He’s got that smile on that he gets when he’s about to pull something, bring up something embarrassing, and Steve’s own grin only widens. Here it comes. “You’ve been here with us all in the, uh, ‘future’ for a while now--”
Steve sighs heavily, which earns him a kiss to the temple, but no absolution. “I’m such a bad liar, I’m a bad truther, too.”
Or rather, that’s the way most people read the joke. Because the joke Steve had
“I was hoping so,” Tony answered, and Steve’s world suddenly seemed to contain oxygen once more. “I mean, it felt like we were flirting at the end there in the library and you looked like you wanted to kiss me but then there was Penny and kissing was no, and by the time I was picking out clothes I realized nobody had said date? And we used to get lunch all the time? So maybe it wasn’t?”
“Stephen,” Tony answered carefully.
He gave bad answers, made flimsy excuses, and got the hell out of the room. He strongly considered revoking some of Steve’s door codes, after the second time, but settled for having JARVIS withhold information about his location instead.
Steve took a steadying breath, willing himself not to get choked up. Tony’s tearful tone wasn’t helping. “I can’t pretend it doesn’t hurt, that you don’t want to be my friend anymore,” he admitted. “But if you’re uncomfortable I’m not going to force you. I hope we can still work together, at least.”
Probably because Steve, like most people who had been on at least one mission with Iron Man, had figured out that if Tony was complaining, he was actually fine. It was when Tony insisted that he was perfectly all right and no, thanks, he would not like to go to medical, no need to take off the armor right now, Steve, stop asking--that’s when he should not be allowed to get as far as a room with lockdown protocols until he’d proven that all his bones were still lined up in the right order and none of his major organs had escaped.
“Perhaps, Captain.” JARVIS allowed, his voice transitioning into the interior of the elevator as Steve boarded. “Mister Stark may have some ideas on the subject, if you would care to ask him.”
“You could not have sounded more like you were lying if you had tried, sweetheart,” Tony counters, but he leans into Steve’s side and puts his arms around him, taking the sting out of his words. He points to the screen of Steve’s laptop, where last night’s interview is replaying. “Look at that shit-eating grin. That’s exactly what you look like when you’re talking out your ass, and everybody knows it.”
“Ugh, there’s this one guy called ALLCAP,” Tony starts and it’s a good thing he’s not looking at Steve because this is not going as planned, and Steve is pretty sure his guileless facade is shot. “He’s posting parody videos where he pretends to be you, and I’ll be honest, the impression is pretty credible, except he’s playing you off as being completely hopeless with anything digital or even electronic and I’m so over it, I filed him under ‘offensive and unacceptable’ for legal but he’s being a dick about it and I swear to god this is the last straw, he can’t be all shitty at you and then
“Hey, did I say something wrong?” Steve prompted, gently.
“Yea-
*********************
“We called the listed number for this kid here, and got no answer, and the normal advice of the nice people at the desk is to keep trying for a few days, but I’m me and I have JARVIS and,” Tony stared at the dog, not Steve, making another face that Steve couldn’t decipher. He was either angry or upset. Maybe both. “I can run backwards from a phone number in ways that other people can’t. I can take that and dig down and get to street addresses and compare them to maps of the destruction, get names and Facebook profiles and memorial posts--”
Steve groaned, burying his face in his hands. “Perfect. He hates me anyway, maybe I should just stay in my room while you’re gone.”
Feeling affronted and personally wounded by this grave insult, Tony set off in a post-chocolate huff. Unfortunately, he was too caught up in his own internal monologue of nearly-incoherent grumbling to pay any attention to where his feet were carrying him.
“I...um....I’m told this is called...coming out?”
is that your secret identity is still intact. You can still do anything you want. There’s no danger of humanizing yourself too far and losing the ability to intimidate bad guys or motivate teens or any of your usual Captainly duties. You’re not going to ruin your own image, because you’re still not speaking as yourself. I think you’ve got the best of both worlds here, sweetheart.”
Steve does not look impressed.
It took ages to round them all up, and multiple trips. Tony was gaining a new appreciation for the phrase "herding cats.”
“This is...this is a date, right?”
“Shhhhh, nobody knows. The whole damn country does not throw up a fuss when I get older, it’s glorious.”
“Yeaaah, got that part,” Bucky coaxes. “Does the cat belong to someone I should meet, or…?”
“Peachy,” Tony quipped back at once. He faked a smile, but it faltered quickly and he seemed to give up on the act. “I’ll be fine,” he amended, much more softly.
In a frantic rush to think of another idea, he lands back on his own gut reaction from last night. Two hours later, ALLCAP has posted its second video.
The cat
“You asshole,” Clint said with a fond grin. He collected his duffle from the floor in the entryway and slung it over his shoulder. “Take care of yourself, I’ll see you Tuesday!”
“You...you’re not dead,” Jarvis breathed. This was impossible. This was absolutely, ludicrously, impossible. But then, what had the Master done lately that wasn’t?
“She has been, for two days,” Steve tried to keep his voice even and low; neither Clint nor Penny had done anything worth getting yelled at for, and he needed to remember that. “She comes out to eat and poop and then goes right back.”
Steve slowed to a halt, having passed him by a few steps. “Clint?”
babe?
, along with Clint. That one very very uncomfortable moment that Tony was trying very hard to forget. In which he had opted not to waste time debating the finer points of consent between persons under the influence of magic who may or may not be  able to communicate with each other right now and may or may not be in their right minds and may or may not have been invoking the name of Budapest as a thinly-veiled maybe-euphemism for years, and had instead emptied the entire Spray Bottle Of Reprehension over the scene and immediately gone in search of booze.
, was puppy in the
Tony blinked. “Well, shit.”
He stood in a half-crouch, creeping carefully around ruined walls toward where the enemy had been centered. Nobody there, either. He poked around a few more corners and niches, looking for anyone, anything, but all he found were scorch marks, spent arrows, and shield scars.
“So he goes home, and we get our own cat. Or we could conduct an elaborate gaslighting campaign to convince all of our friends that we have the world’s shyest pet and he’s just hiding whenever they come over.”
“I missed you, too,” Steve whispered back. Some of the sick, tight feeling he’d been carrying around in his chest for the last week finally began to unclench, and this time the brief silence didn’t feel so fraught.
It’s not fair. Steve is his, he knows it, everything adds up, but they can’t bond. Because there’s nothing wrong with Tony’s eyes, he just doesn’t have them right now. He’s not looking at Steve with his own eyes, or speaking to him with his own voice, or touching him with his own hands. Steve’s soul isn’t wired for the input that Tony is giving him.
The Captain leaned forward, extending his hand. “Steve Rogers. Pleased to finally meet you.”
Property damage, Thor-wounds, and Sam “Steal Yo Man” Wilson had only been the introductory course, as it happened.
“I will give you one fucking guess which thought bothers me more, between going to work guns-out, or leaving any chance that Sanderson thinks he can just keep paying the Dipshit Tax and running his factories however the fuck he wants.” Bucky’s voice is carefully level. “Nobody tells me how to do my job. I have tools, I use them when I need them. Nobody is making me.”
Tony nodded slowly, not bothering to process this information he hadn’t actually needed. His eyes flitted around the room, searching for anything to kill time until he could make an even-slightly-graceful exit. He spied a half-packed duffle bag open on the sofa.
“Tony,” Bucky says again, holding out a coaxing hand. “Hey, Tony, c’mere.”
“You could try not to sound so surprised by that, for once,” Steve suggested softly. “Maybe give me a little hope that you’re not pulling these stunts with your own death in mind as a likely outcome.”
Details of the recent past were hazy, so it was the beeping of the heart monitor that gave Tony his first clue that things were currently Not Great. A good assortment of aches and pains followed next on the list, but they were dim and faraway thanks to the magic of medication. Which was rather more worrying, come to think of it.
Tony made a noise of protest, but Steve refused to release his face until Tony rolled his eyes and gave a shrug of surrender.
And he was
Steve couldn’t help smiling along with Tony’s crooked grin and single raised eyebrow, though he was still confused. “But, if that’s true, then why did you look at me like I’d just murdered someone when I said I was...?”
and creating a very interesting picture. “Oh.”
it ain’t anymore, i guess.
“No, I already had it. Since before you rejoined the living, actually,” Tony began to saunter nearer. “Rhodey gave it to me, along with some big speech about heroes that he could barely keep a straight face through because we both knew very well the real reason was to tease me for the big box of Cap merch I tried to hang all over our first dorm room, and which he did in front of Pepper so that I couldn’t smack him for it.”
“You did say some people still have a problem with it,” Steve went on, quietly. “Maybe he does.”
Which would’ve been fantastic news and required a complete overhaul of his “quietly pining until it goes away” plan. Except for the proud, fond way Clint was smiling at Steve, the shy, grateful way Steve was looking back at Clint, the comforting hand Clint was running up and down Steve’s back, and the week and a half that Steve had spent almost exclusively in Clint’s company right before this announcement, which led to the second realization:
face and takes a tentative sip of coffee. It doesn’t seem to go well. He sets it down on the counter, presumably to remind himself not to try that again for a bit. “Sanderson,” he says, which is Greek to Tony but Steve nods. “Sometimes a bitch needs to be reminded that repeat violations have a cost besides increased insurance premiums.”
“Steve?” he began, hesitant, “I’m...I’m so sorry. I’ve been a terrible friend.”
Coffee successfully poured, he turned to leave, but was stopped by a gentle-yet-immovable hand on his shoulder, which turned him in place.
Tony really, really hated magic.
he’d thought, and settled in to wait for his person to arrive. Only then Steve had started talking, and it was clear,
Bucky grins at him.
“What…?” Tony tries, but Steve shushes him and puts the phone back in front of his face. He shifts their stance, anticipating the end of the clip, so that as the tablet flies across the screen, the two of them are facing across the living room toward the trash can it will land in. Steve pulls the phone away again, and, finally, Tony stiffens in his grip.
If Tony didn’t show up soon, there was going to be a trench in the floor all the way around the sofa in the sunken living room. Steve just couldn’t sit still. Penny sat on one of the armchairs, watching him orbit and whining occasionally. She had her leash on and Steve had the big bag full of dog things, and that meant
He still doesn’t get it.
“You, I don’t,” Jimmy flounders, “I had a whole thing planned, yeah, but now I need to know, the people need this, what is your channel?”
to tell the team. To have this thing that Clint had promised, the acceptance and support he was supposed to be allowed in the 21st century. And he’d gotten it, mostly, from Clint and Bruce and Nat and Thor, but Tony…
In the intervening hours between lunch and fireworks, Tony quickly took the lead in spankings delivered. Steve initially tried to stay in the lab, as he’d planned to do when he’d come down in the first place. He’d wanted to while away a good portion of the afternoon talking about nothing and listening to passionate tech-rants, figuring that even if Tony did decide to get in on the celebratory battery, he’d at least have only one set of hands to dodge.
tired.
No reply.
, from where Tony sat. Steve stared at the archer for a moment, then gave a short, sharp nod of his own, drew a deep breath through his nose, and turned to the team again.
Three days in, Tony was working at his desk in the main office. He’d elected to avoid the workshop--where things were pointy and/or on fire and/or went
,” Tony breathes. When Steve lets him go, he’s grinning. “You
This, this man, his person’s best friend, Tony’s
“If he does not I shall send him to bed without his supper,” Jarvis promised primly. “And if that is not sufficient he shall be forced to write ‘I live in a very elaborate glass house and must not throw stones’ five hundred times.”
Steve leaning over behind him and reaching out and hand, and…
“...recently?”
“Yes, that’s Clintten, he knows what he did, just keep him contained for a second,” Tony waved vaguely toward the nearest sofa, already on his way to fetch a broom.
, contact wizard.
attack as maybe a
Clint was in
Steve shrugs, helplessly. “Cat, Bucky. Bucky, cat. There’s a cat. Say hello, cat.”
Fallon takes a moment to collect himself. “Thank you, so much, for that mental image,” he giggles slightly, “Anyway, I imagine there was a lot to get used to, a lot to learn, when you first woke up.”
At a loss, Steve nodded, accepting, and let himself settle back against the shelves, shoulder to shoulder with Tony. Another few seconds of silence passed. This time, Steve spoke up first.
“Good morning, Tony,” Steve stated, in a prompting tone.
“Kitty kitty,” he whispers, almost conspiratorially, holding his hand out toward Tony, catching the morning light on the plates of his fingers and throwing arcs of reflected sunlight all over the kitchen. The glitter is very distracting, actually; Tony feels his ears swivel, the reflexes that come with this body want to catch all those sparkles in his claws and find out what they are later, after he’s got them, and he has to wrestle his own attention back to the relevant question. Steve is watching him too, now He’s smiling again, Tony even catches a flicker of his fond amusement through the bond, but this is
. Steve hauled in a ragged, relieved breath.  A couple of hot, silent tears spilled down his face with absolutely no warning and the breath came back out as giddy, almost hysterical laughter. He stumbled sideways until he collided with a brick wall. Penny, still cradled to his chest, licked his cheek and thumped her tail against his side.
“You haven’t met this cat,” Steve counters.
Nat’s tac suit, crumpled into a neat pile with a handgun on top, tucked behind a well-placed wall.
“Um,” was the most Steve could find to say as Tony slowly stood to face him.
clear that he was waiting for Tony--and he’d kept calling him his
“Absolutely not,” Bucky weighs in on that one. He crosses the living room and sits on the carpet in front of Steve. All he can see through the hole is a suggestion of sleek, black fur in the shadows. “Context would be fantastic, by the way.”
“A few,” Tony tosses back, and then jerks around in Steve’s direction as he’s seized by a thought. “Oh god, don’t, don’t watch them, I don’t care what he’s saying to you, you really don’t need to--”
“But you are prepared to tell him, now?”
“Tom Thumb.”
Whatever. The team knew by now that if they were going to hold Family Breakfast before nine a.m. then they were going to get Critically Low Battery Tony, and it hadn’t stopped them so far. He was fine with only being able to converse in vaguely-disgruntled mumbling, as long as nobody was expecting sparkling wit.
“It’s too much, isn’t it,” he tried to pull the jacket shut over the shirt, but the cut of the neckline wouldn’t quite allow him to hide the whole design. He started to backpedal toward the door he’d come in by. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I knew it would be too much, I’ll go change.”
Jarvis narrowed his eyes. “You haven’t even met Mr. Stark yet, why are you saying this?”
One of Strange’s arcane golden spinny-circles opened up in the air just inside the office, and Strange himself stepped through it, allowing it to vanish behind him.
Steve snorts, and Bucky turns towards the sound with eyes still closed but eyebrows raised.
“Ollie ollie oxenfree?” he called out, experimentally. “C’mon kiddos, I’ve fallen and I can totally get up but I kind of don’t want to. Sound off! Cap? Clint? Nat? Sam? I’ll take Sam. I’d take Bucky, if he was here. Hello?”
He was also trailing a rather regrettable funk made up of the ghosts of the four different colognes he’d tried and then tried to wash back off, but at this point he could only pray that Tony, as a regular human with regular senses, would probably only pick up on the one he’d accidentally sloshed all the way down his forearm.
hu·bris /ˈ(h)yo͞obrəs/ (noun): The act of establishing a weekly publishing schedule for a fic you have not yet finished writing.
He raises his left hand and waggles the fingers at Steve--that must be what Steve is questioning, then. Yesterday, when Bucky had come back to the apartment, he’d been wearing long sleeves and a glove on his left hand. Tony had been able to hear the servos--he could never mistake that sound, especially not with the satellite dishes he currently has for ears--but Bucky had clearly been dressed to at least downplay, if not quite successfully keep secret, the fact that one of his arms was built and not grown.
“Ninety-year-olds typically get so mad about, uh, people being open, that they just sock their nearest friend?”
There were nerves under that confidence, and some of Jarvis’s suspicions receded, just a bit. He took a seat, on the sofa across from the Captain. After a few moments of pointed silence, the Captain took the hint, and began.
Shuffling down the empty halls with his blanket-cloak sweeping after him made him feel like some ancient king or viking lord, alone in the echoing chambers of his once-great castle, mourning the lost glory of days gone and companions departed. Which, yeah, melancholy as fuck, but it made him think about Thor, which was a nice change of pace, and put him in the mood to read some high fantasy, which was finally something that might distract him from this funk for more than a few seconds.
Steve was too overwhelmed to say anything. Grief for people he never knew coursed through him, hot and cold, clenching in his chest. He had to tamp it down, crush it back. They were gone, and that was a little bit on him, but a lot more people would have gone with them if he and his team hadn’t been there. Right now it didn’t do any good to dwell on it. He could ask for a link to the memorial posts later (he’d probably already read them, if they were publicly available) but in this moment, there was something that needed to be done, a life whose next chapter lay in their hands.
There’s a pattern to when the cat is yelling. It yells at the TV, then whips around to yell at Steve, then at the TV again, twice; again at Steve. Every time, it’s right after somebody says--
Tony laughed harder. “Did you pour it down your neck?” he teased.
A little more morose wandering brought him to the common library, a room he’d originally had installed because of the way Pepper used to talk about the library scene in
“No, please, I insist, what were you going to ask about?” Steve presses. He’s so far past not being able to keep a straight face, he’s not sure he’ll ever get the ability back.
“No. Tony. Watch it. Look at it.”
And he could just...tell people?
With his eyes closed.
“Boop,” Steve whispers. The pad of his finger just touches the end of Tony’s nose, so light he almost can’t feel it.
*************
There was a slight pause.
Despite Tony’s best efforts, Sam managed to hop up on the far side of Rhodey, and immediately began grooming Steve’s ears with great enthusiasm. Steve, the traitor, let him.
That was Steve’s voice, probably, maybe, it came from the general direction of where he’d seen a blond pile of muscles, anyway, which had looked too big to be Clint and too calm to be Thor.
“Think outside the box, Rogers, a millenial may have named this thing.”
Tony’s eyes fall shut, his back arches, he’s making biscuits in the air and he’s purring and he does not give a single shit, because this is the part of cat life that makes the rest worth it, this is what he lives for. Steve’s fingers are making huge, slow circles behind his ear, around the base of his skull, down the side of his neck,
“Aw, pal,” Bucky says aloud. “Not yet, huh?”
The dog had...thrown Tony off his game a little. He wouldn’t call the dog thing a mistake, or even really a problem, but her presence had made him step back, and from that distance he’d seen more clearly.
Tony stuttered to a halt, looking like he’d been caught with his hand in the cookie jar, as Steve dropped onto the carpet beside him. They stared at each other for a minute. Steve had no idea where to begin.
He ate one anyway, just to spite her.
There in the hall, crowded around the doorway, were Steve, Clint, Natasha, Sam, and Thor. All looking distinctly bipedal and not at all feline. And, for some reason, dressed in scrubs.
Steve bit back the impulse to insist, and looked away, deflating. Tony didn’t want to talk to him. He had to respect that. They sat in silence for a few moments. Steve was trying to figure out a polite way to ask for his dog back so he could leave, since Tony didn’t seem to want him around, when Tony spoke up again.
Clint stopped dead in his tracks. “Uh.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Steve had replied evenly, narrowing his eyes at the room and backing into a corner. “I’m sure everyone here is a reasonable adult.”
“Oh,” Steve finally answered, very faintly. Discussing the ones they’d failed to save was never easy on any of them. “Is there...any other family that might want…?”
The three of them settled into an easy exploration of the park, Steve and Clint wandering the paths to Clint’s preferred shady corners and slinging the frisbee out for Penny every time she brought it back. The fresh air eased an ache in Steve’s lungs that he hadn’t realized he was carrying, just as watching Penny’s carefree excitement helped to chase the cobwebs from his mind. Having Clint there to chat with made the unfamiliar public space friendly and accessible in a way that such places usually weren’t, so far--except the few favorite haunts Tony had taken him to, before Penny.
So it’s not really weird that the team doesn’t know, because why would they? There’s plenty of people on the internet making jokes about Avengers; no reason for them to have heard of this one.
Tony frowned at his reflection in the microwave, tracking the crinkles around his eyes and the streaks of grey that were slowly overtaking his stylish morning-hair. “I’m
Considering the childhoods of most people in the room (lonely, tortured, on the run, ninety years ago, in space, et cetera), the concept had mostly gotten blank stares at first. But as Bruce had talked, light bulbs had gone off almost visibly above each Avenger’s head.
like they were in some kind of regency romance--and that was when Tony’s despair had truly started.
I did the thing. It's massive.
of use.
of birds. Thor had not been allowed outside. Tony did not want to know how he got access to birds. (They had looked like wild birds, at least, and not likely to be pets that someone had unwisely left unattended during Catpocalypse.)
“What’re you gonna do, call him by every name that’s ever been thought of until he responds?” They make eye contact for two second. “You’re gonna call him by every name that’s ever been thought of, until he responds.”
And Tony’s not sure if he hates this next part or not, actually.
“Well,” Steve said, hands planted on his hips. He paused a half second for Clint to collect himself slightly. “That was a little more aerodynamic than I thought it would be.”
“Ruined. I’m all ruined. You did this.”
Strange had stuck around long enough to explain how he’d tracked the enemy sorcerers to their base, been surprised to find their detention area full of undeniably human Avengers (also rather naked Avengers, mostly: the type of teleportation that had been used only worked organic matter by default, other objects had to be specially prepared in order to come along, hence the piles of empty clothing and gear left behind), and subsequently defeated all adversity through general superiority in every way yadda yadda Sorcerer SUPREME, yes Stephen, we’ve all heard your title, you can leave.
is Captain America posting on YouTube??”
“I mean, I’m not sending them back out into the wild either way. Worst case scenario I’m getting them all fixed and vaccinated and finding them homes. Nice homes. Nice homes with nice people. Maybe people who speak French, so they’ll fit in. The Thor one might have to go to the zoo, though, we’ll see about--”
Clint (a tiny, stout, round little thing with even-toned grey fur all over) was happy to weave around Tony's legs but adamantly refused to be picked up. After a few unsuccessful tries, Tony resorted to fishing an arrow out of the quiver--one of the trick ones that would release a net when fired, not a pointy one--and trailing the end across the stones to lure him along. Thankfully, Clint’s arrow obsession seemed to be strong enough even in this form that he hopped along faithfully after it all the way back to the quinjet, over a hundred yards away. Tony took more satisfaction in locking him into a storage compartment than was probably healthy.
*seen it
He managed to get her to surrender the toy with only a few gentle tugs, and then they were off.
Tony rolled his eyes. “You can just
“There’s five cats,” Tony corrected. He waved in the direction of the mantelpiece, where Thor was observing them all disdainfully. “Mind where you sit.”
,” Bucky corrected cheerfully. Tony wasn’t sure what that meant, but Bucky said it like it was in Russian. She was riding on his shoulder, as usual, as he passed them on the way to the kitchen.
“Aw, Steve, no,” Clint moaned. “That can’t be it. There is no way, I’m telling you.”
Steve’s voice is small, tiny and frightened. Helpless. It’s like that, when something terrible happens to someone so far from your own world. Bucky’s heard that voice before, when actors and entertainers they’d liked had passed away suddenly. But this is worse, it’s going to be so much worse, because this isn’t the kind of celebrity whose work they enjoy and for whom there is a general fondness in the house. Steve has always had a thing for Stark; “crush” doesn’t begin to cover it. The man has been his personal hero since before Steve and Bucky even met.
Steve shifted a little closer, almost subconsciously. “It makes for a nice change,” he agreed, watching the way Tony watched him. God, he must have been blind not to see it before.
Barton nodded, face clearly closing off at the rebuff. “Right, sorry.”
“What’s with the stunt show, Cap?” Tony asked lightly once he was close enough. He stuck his hands in his pockets, keeping his posture casual. No good ever came from acting worried and confused in front of civilians. “Conversation suddenly so boring you decided you’d rather play matador to the nearest Nissan?”
“Wh…did you think I would hit you?”
The punch whiffed. Tony opened his eyes and blinked at the empty sidewalk where his wisecracking supersoldier had been half an instant ago. Screeching tires drew his eyes to the street beyond, just in time to see the familiar shape of his missing person rolling up out of a crouch--out from in front of one car and directly into the path of another. Before Tony could even shout a warning, Steve had leapt up and
“Anybody naked in here, this is your last chance to bolt for the bedroom,” Bucky announces into the apartment as he shuffles in, blind.
“Don’t you?” Steve’s voice had gone very small.
“You fucking heard me, Dumbledore,” Tony took a steadying breath. “Some big bullshit went off and the bad guys are gone and my friends are meowing. The armor must have shielded me, but this? This is a you problem.”
Except then he starts getting the emails.
“Jesus
Steve smiled and shook his head. They’d been working on training Penny to respond to a list of commands from JARVIS, and teaching her how to communicate her needs to JARVIS in return. Ostensibly, the main idea was that JARVIS would be able to move her to the safest possible room and make sure she was fed and otherwise tended in an emergency. In practice, so far, it mostly meant that Penny knew how to call elevators and go on secret adventures to the common floor.
“It’s Sam,” Bucky chimed in helpfully, having returned with a sleeve of crackers in hand and leaning over the sofa behind them. “Tony’s mad at him.”
looking but he can still????
Tony sat very still, hoping he could blame his shell-shock on his usual morning non-functionality. Really, he was having two more important realizations in quick succession.
“No,” he said, stonefaced in spite of the burning feeling in his ears. “In fact I’m considering suing them for emotional damages.”
Steve smiles at him, and chuckles softly, and Tony’s so intent on absorbing every detail of that happiness that he feels all of his whiskers strain forward and his nose twitch. Steve only smiles wider. Something large and roughly cylindrical looms up right in front of Tony’s face; his eyesight is all kinds of fucked up, like this, and he can’t focus on it properly, so he almost doesn’t realize that it’s actually Steve’s index finger until--
Steve bends down to peer into one of the holes, and Bucky can just see a pair of round yellow eyes staring back at him in alarm, crouched low to the floor of the compartment.
*****
Tony had seemed a little uncomfortable during all this, a little on edge, so Steve had let him go without comment. He wasn’t quite sure how Tony felt about dogs, in general. Steve loved them. Steve loved them with an implicit ferocity that snuck up and surprised him on the very rare occasions when he’d had  the chance to be around one, and after the initial shock of finding this one in his arms he’d thought,
“Ah,” the happy expression on Steve’s face flickered. “Yes and no. Mostly, uh, I sorta...oh god, Jarvis, he’s going to be so mad at me.”
Clint was the worst (always), but Steve was the kind of cat that would always be standing right where you were trying to put your foot, especially if you were carrying something heavy, expensive, or sticky, or if you were maybe on the phone and not actually paying attention and wearing hard-soled dress shoes in a room with polished-concrete floors (sorry Steve sorry sorry sorry). Sam, when not busy trying to steal anyone’s man, was that cat who would appear on any book, newspaper, or laptop keyboard within 0.2 seconds of anyone trying to use it. Thor, on several occasions, brought Tony what could best be described as
kind of surprise for you, isn’t it,” Clint clasped his hands as if in prayer. “Thank you Jesus, I was not prepared to get decked in the face today.”
“We walk Penny in the mornings. We take her back to my place before breakfast so that everyone doesn’t feed her bacon.”
A moment earlier, Tony would’ve said things were going really well, with Steve.
The elevator doors opened with a faint
Word seemed to be spreading, as well. When guests started to arrive in advance of the evening fireworks, Steve thought maybe the team would lay off. But as he walked past Stephen Strange in the common room, the doctor’s cloak whipped out and snapped him across the thighs like a locker-room towel. Stephen either hadn’t done it on purpose, or had a terrifyingly good poker face, and Steve wasn’t sure he wanted to know which. Not ten minutes later there was a pair of odd-feeling impacts, one against each cheek. Steve looked down to spy two balls of webbing rolling away from his feet as a teenaged voice called “Sorry not sorry!” in the distance, and FRIDAY added two more to the count.
Steve wrapped his arm around Tony’s shoulders. Penny, jostled by the shifting, shuffled until she was laying across both of their laps, with her head on Steve’s thigh. Steve reached down with his free hand to rub her ears.
Finally, eventually, after what was surely much longer than your average interval for a “we found your dog” phone call, Tony returned. Steve looked up at him, expectant, ready to be relieved of this limbo.
“You’ve got two left, you know.”
“I have questions.”
“While you’re all here,” Steve began, looking around the table.
Tony blinked in confusion, opening his mouth to reply but unable to muster a proper response.
He didn’t get far.
The air was laced with scents of antiseptic and damp fur, of animals in varying states of distress. This particular dog, after a fairly cursory checkup, had been diagnosed with nothing worse than a lacerated paw (bandaged now) and moderate malnutrition. Time and proper diet would take care of that, assuming someone was willing to provide them. But, that examination had come and gone and so had the workers who’d administered it, and Tony still wasn’t back with any news about the chip.
to him, almost spinning out on the carpet in his haste, and plants both front paws in the middle of Bucky’s outstretched palm. Bucky grins, and turns to Steve.
okay?” Steve knows all of Bucky’s faces, too.
“I’m not dead!” The Captain chuckled, with quiet enthusiasm. “Believe me, there is nobody who could possibly be more surprised by that than I was. Even Tony. I’d been in that library for almost
“I got you something,” Clint half-explained, then shrugged. “Well, actually I got Penny something, but you’re the one with thumbs, so you get to keep track of it.” He flipped open the flap of the messenger bag he was carrying and dug out a...thing, and handed it to Steve.
Even before the fateful day at the park, Steve had dared to imagine, just once or twice, what it would be like if Tony were like him. At the time, Steve had pictured a secret tryst, rushed encounters behind locked doors. He’d mostly kept a lid on those thoughts, though. They hadn’t been worth the risk.
It’s not a big deal.
After a moment Steve takes a deep breath as if to calm himself, and starts making soothing noises, shushing at the computer as if that’s going to calm the tide of viewers. His hand waves at the youtube window in a “settle down” motion. He closes the laptop, shushes it some more, pats the case, then picks it up and slips it into a bookshelf between an enormous leatherbound collection of Sherlock Holmes stories and a similarly august-looking edition of
“Remind me to block Doctor Weird’s number when we get back,” Tony grumbled, rolling out of the way of another implausible bolt of sparkly bullshit.
Steve sat back as if he’d been slapped, every other thought and emotion replaced by shock.
The next morning he found a box of chocolate bars on the penthouse coffee table with a note reading “Back in 3 days, feel better --Nat.” Which would have been a lot kinder if the candy hadn’t been wrapped in bright scarlet paper with blue block letters proclaiming the product name “TONY’S CHOCOLONELY” on each bar.
“Way more than I needed to know about my team leader, Stark,” and that one was Clint, that was 100% Clint, and Clint was supposed to be locked in the Bathroom of Shame for another three hours following what had happened to the bedspread in Wanda’s room.
And he hasn’t got the ability, right now, to install any collapsible staircases--or, better, elevators--but he can, currently, do something else.
Tony thought wryly of the uniform. Steve wasn’t in any state to respond to the joke at the moment, so he kept it to himself. Not like he hadn’t said it before anyway. Usually in reference to matching pajama pants, though.
“I. Also have a friend out of town I want to see,” Barton lied, like a liar.
“Colder.”
Thor’s axe, stuck in the ground, his armor draped halfway over the handle.
want her,” Tony corrected, gently, but brooking no argument. “Have you seen your own face at any point in the last hour? That’s your dog, Cap, I’m not separating a national icon from his dog, I’m pretty sure that’s literally treason.” One corner of his mouth kicked up in a smile. “Not that that would always stop me, but I’ve got to do my civic duty occasionally or they’ll catch on. C’mon, soldier. Grab your dog and let’s get out of here.”
“I notice you still haven’t said why we have a cat, now,” Bucky points out, once he’s feeling a little more settled.
The patented Captain Face flickered for a moment, cracked by a soft smile. “That’s not a
“He has his own dog, Tony, it lives at his boyfriend’s sister’s house in the country right now,” Steve explained. “Clint’s partner is a SHIELD agent. I don’t know much about him except that he was injured in the invasion and he’s been recovering at his sister’s house upstate. Clint was hoping to bring him back here and introduce him, once he’s better, although,” Steve paused, feeling his ears go red at the familiar, ingrained shame. “I know...having me and Clint here is clearly a lot, already, for you, and we don’t...this is your home, we won’t expect you to open your doors for more of us.”
So when he’d seen the original reaction to his first video, he’d thought “viral” and made the second as a sort of thank-you, as acknowledgement. He’d expected that to be the end of it.
“It’s okay, Tony,” Steve whispered back, still inspecting the carpet. “You can’t help how you feel.”
“Weaponizing the rugrat, are we?” Tony finally managed. “Dangerous precedent, dear, I’ll remember that.”
He hadn’t
Except for how it clearly, patently, and expressly wasn’t. It was only about ten inches wide, for starters, and made of some kind of lightweight plastic, thicker at the edges. The plastic itself was red, with the white stripe, the blue center and the star painted on top.
“It means most of the dudes who live here are into dudes, and the girls like the girls. More or less,” Clint’s posture was still guarded, ready to bolt, apparently not at all reassured by Steve’s reaction.
“You say that, but your opinion on what is and is not traumatic to look at is not likely to match mine, in this case.”
“Oh dear. Yes you would be in on that, wouldn’t you.” Tony had been loathe to go into the details of his time in captivity, even with Jarvis, but he’d had plenty to say about how his few trips to the dreamscape from there had given him strength, not to mention some pretty decent escape advice from his ghostly soldier. “But you’ve hit it on the head there, Captain. If anyone knows what it is to keep a secret identity, it’s our Tony. He will understand.”
A pair of little blond pigtails bounced as their owner looked up at once from her pre-breakfast coloring and rounded obediently on Tony.
Steve sat up tall and squared his shoulders. Penny, disturbed from her comfortable lap yet again, finally gave up on humans as furniture and sat herself upright on the floor between them.
He did try to go back to bed, but Tony was a restless sleeper at the best of times, and mid-morning naps were pretty much impossible without at least thirty-six waking hours to wear him down first.
“Tones. Why do you have five cats. Are they all named after your teammates? Does Steve know about this?”
“Yes! I do!” Steve flushed slightly and jogged the short distance across the room to get it.
trying to get involved with the microbes. So just Tony, then.
Tony drew back and looked away, his body language going falsely casual. Desperately nonchalant. “I thought you were with Clint.”
The cat rounds on him immediately and shouts right at him, a frantic and urgent
“You think you’re kidding,” Steve breaks in at that phrasing, in too good a mood to be polite. “I still call it the future sometimes. Tony’s taken to smacking me with a rolled up magazine, because he knows I’m just being a smart aleck.” He mimes a swatting motion. “‘Bad Steve! You live here! This is the present!’”
The floor falls away into the distance--oh, god, the table is very tall and Steve is very much taller, even sitting down--and Steve’s other hand sweeps around under his haunches, politely gathering up his tail along the way. Within a moment, Tony is upside down, cradled against Steve’s chest like a newborn with his paws curled in front of him. He’s staring up at Steve, wide-eyed, only able to think how much warmer it is, up here, and how very much Steve’s recently-slept-in cotton tee smells like home.
That had definitely been Steve’s voice. Steve’s oh-god-not-in-the-common-room-please-Bucky-is-looking-right-at-us voice. But the cat hadn’t moved. Hadn’t stopped licking, anyway.
“What?” Steve sits up and blinks at him, thrown off his groove.
“Tony...are you okay? Have you slept?”
was her real dad. But then avoiding Steve had left a huge hole in his social calendar, and the first thing he’d realized, with quite a bit of chagrin, was that he’d been hoarding Steve in exactly the same way he feared he’d steal the dog.
The Wonder Twins weren’t what Tony was interested in, anyway, so he didn’t pay them much mind. He narrowed his mental depth of field, let them blur into the background, and watched Steve.
He walked around aimlessly, touched unfinished projects, ran his fingers over cool surfaces, slowly inhaled the smell of oil and metal.
The only one he barely saw was Steve.
Steve suddenly deflated, defeat radiating from him like shock waves. "I know."
Tony growled; he had a thing for hair pulling and Steve enjoyed it more than he‘d let on.
He couldn't sleep, hadn't been able to ever since he'd gotten back.
Steve quirked a smile, rubbing his neck, one of his very few tell-tale signs of insecurity.
"Breathe, you idiot," Tony murmured against his lips, losing himself in the feeling of soft, warm skin.
They stood like that for a long time. Somewhere in the depths of the compound a shower started. Steve flinched a little and loosened his hold.
Steve grinned, wrapping his fingers around Tony‘s wandering hands and pressed them in to the mattress. "I will, if you stop wriggling.“
"I wasn't sulking," he muttered, taking another sip.
"You‘re a tease, Captain Rogers,“ Tony said, rolling his hips into Steve‘s.
He rolled off Tony to not crush him, his body shaking helplessly in the aftermath. Tony recovered faster and he curled around Steve, resting his cheek against Steve‘s chest. He felt gentle fingers run over his thigh, his stomach, before stopping over his heart.
“Guess we have to find out ourselves,” Tony said, rolling out of bed.
Steve huffed a watery laugh.
"Why look at that,“ he muttered as he kissed down Tony‘s neck, leaving soft bites along his shoulder, "another kink I can use for my advantage."
Tony could see as he made his decision - whatever that was. It took Steve three steps to come to stand right in front of Tony.
"That's a way to put it," he said dryly.
Steve ducked his head, but didn't stop Tony as his fingers danced over his skin, leaving goosebumps in their wake. He held his breath as Tony scraped his nails gently over his stomach, making his erection jump.
With a dark groan, Tony rolled on top of Steve, grinding his morning erection against Steve's own.
He started walking. Steve easily kept up.
"Yes, Tony,“ he whispered lowly; still astonished as to how much he enjoyed saying Tony‘s name like that. And the reaction was still as beautiful as the first time.
"I lost people too, you know,“ Steve said after a long pause. There was only the slightest bit of accusation in it. Tony accepted it.
"And very non-verbal," Steve added, pulling him into his arms.
Steve huffed a small laugh, shaking his head.
?" Tony hissed, confusions seeping into his anger. "What-?“
Tony sighed, lifting his hands. "Steve-"
He didn't read any of the names, knowing full well he'd only go and find any relatives to help them out financially if they let him.
"Clingy."
Every once in a while he managed a few hours of sleep. More often than not though, he spent his nights in the large common areas, needing the spacious rooms around him to keep the panic at bay. Locked doors made him anxious, enclosed spaces caused terror.
* wouldn't want to be around me. You never complained, you never gave up on me. You always had my back. Of course I want you. How can I not? You've kept me sane. You've kept me alive. I wouldn't know where I'd be without you, Steve." He squeezed his eyes shut, inhaling deeply.
“It seems so.” Steve followed Tony. They quickly showered and got dressed, brushing their teeth side by side. Before they left the room, Tony pulled Steve into a brief kiss.
"Pepper was strong. She knew what she‘s gotten herself into. After all those years-,“ he stopped, the pain in his chest somehow less now that he was talking about it. "She went knowingly. The kid didn't. He was too young.“
"Here's to Bucky," he said quietly, clinking his glass to Steve's.
"Want it back?“ he asked reluctantly.
He had seen the glances Rhodey had cast his way, worried and pained. But as long as Tony took his meds, ate what was put in front of him and went to bed at a reasonable time, he left him alone. He knew he had issues, but he didn't need anyone to tell him that.
"You like it,“ he murmured against warm lips. Tony‘s fingers slid over Steve‘s back, squeezing his ass.
Steve nodded, suddenly not trusting his voice. Tony instantly noticed. He stepped closer, peering into Steve‘s face.
"Don't," Tony spat out, instinctively moving away from him. He knew if he'd touched him, he'd shatter. He wasn't ready for that. Maybe never would be. Right now he was still in shock, his brain was still trying to process everything. Their failure, their defeat. But mostly his own losses. Pepper. Peter. Those hurt the most - losing the very few people he came to call family over the past 10 years. He still had Rhodey and Happy, and he knew he should be grateful for that.
"Nothing," Steve said, caressing Tony's face, "you're just so-" He didn't dare say 'sweet' even though he was. He settled for: "So not Tony-like when you just woke."
Tony understood immediately. They'd been through rough times, each and every one of them, and they all had lost too much. And even though the threat was gone and the world was safe, there was still that sense of urgency in all of them. Tony felt it himself: the need to grasp at everything that meant something and hold it tight, not wanting to lose what little was left.
"Do you have any idea how impossible you are?" he asked gently. "You're right with one thing. Arguing with you was easier. Growing closer after all these years? Finally being allowed to see the man behind the mask, getting to know the real you? It's driving me crazy to be close to you and not being able to tell you-, show you how much I want you. I never thought you'd ever return my feelings, so I kept them in check." Steve said, thumb caressing Tony's cheek. "And then you started opening up, letting me in. And I thought-, I hoped-", he shrugged helplessly. His expression wavered, and Tony saw a million different emotions flicker over his face, insecurity and doubt the strongest of them all.
"Do you know how hard it is to carry that much weight, that much responsibility and then fail so epically?“ Steve asked, his voice flat and cold.
Steve nodded sharply, once again holding his breath.
"No," he said roughly, taking Steve's hand. "You keep it." He closed Steve's fingers around it. He wanted to say 'I don't need it anymore', but somehow the words were stuck in his throat. "Keep it safe," he croaked instead.
“I need you, Cap. And you need me. We need each other. As much as I wished I could stay on my own, I can‘t. So, this is me, holding out an olive branch to you. I will not apologize for what I've said to you, cause it‘s true. But I will also accept, that you and me are very different people, very stubborn, very stupid sometimes. But we're also very capable men, we get stuff done if we stick together. I can work with that. Question is, can you?“
"The kid's the worst. He had no clue what he's gotten himself into." He could hear the guilt and the pain in his own voice. He didn't care. Not anymore. He knew Steve wouldn't judge him. He also knew none of the others would have either. But he couldn't live with the pity he knew would be on their faces.
"Salacious: having or conveying undue or inappropriate interest in sexual matters", Friday unhelpfully provided, and they both stared at the ceiling, then at each other. They burst into laughter.
Tony reached out, resting his shaking hand against the side of Steve's face. Steve's eyes flew open, meeting Tony's.
At first he declined; he wasn't in the state of mind to concentrate long enough to focus on anything for an extended amount of time. Yet he caught himself starting to sketch ideas on a piece of paper someone had left in the common rooms. At first it was just doodles, mainly to keep his hands occupied. After three nights he noticed the constant shaking was receding; holding a pen, drawing schematics onto the back of a SHIELD report stopped the tremors that made him avoid everyone and kept him awake at night.
"Take me home, Tony," he said huskily.
His entire body language was hesitant, something Tony hadn't seen in him in all those years. He'd always been secure, always known what to do and how to behave. Captain America - the culmination of honor and American values.
"Thanks," he muttered anyways, slowly sitting up from his curled up position. He groaned as he got to his feet. He was still weak and his body wasn't entirely under his control.
He avoided Steve‘s sharp blue gaze and sipped his coffee.
The fire flickered, casting everything around them in golden light.
"Shut it, Rogers, just stop talking!“ Tony‘s anger welled up; it broke free as Steve reached out to hold him back. He turned around, crowding into Steve‘s space, pushing him away. He didn't really expect a reaction. But Steve stumbled, surprised at Tony's action, his back hitting one of the stones. Tony glared at him, hands pressing into Steve's chest.
"You looked like you needed it,“ Steve said softly.
Tony jumped at the voice from behind, whirling around.
"Your show then,“ he muttered, rolling in his back, eyes twinkling even in the dimness of the room.
He grinned as he watched Steve blush, who didn't look away even though he wanted to - Tony could see that. Instead he pulled him impossibly closer, sealing his lips over Tony's once more.
"Could've just asked, you know,“ Tony murmured, avoiding Steve‘s eyes.
Days passed, turned into weeks.
"Just a normal heart,“ Steve said, Tony‘s warm presence lulling him in. "Nothing abnormal about it.
The fire was dying down, and the cold settled further around them. Tony got up, stretching out the kinks in his back.
Tony leaned back, letting his gaze run over Steve, whose eyes were screwed shut. There were dark shadows under his eyes, and his mouth was pressed tightly together. He looked older than he was.
His hands grappled for a hold; Steve's shoulders were too broad, his back too wide. Steve was pressing him against the stone, basically holding him in place with nothing but his chest. Finally Tony gave up, sliding his hands into Steve's short hair. Faintly he felt himself being pushed up further, feet dangling in the air now.
"I know. I couldn't. The only people I ever really talked to are gone. I did all I could, and yet I lost. I needed someone to blame.“ He looked up and into Steve‘s eyes. He shrugged.
He swayed, steadying himself against Steve‘s chest. Which was a mistake. He could smell him: a hint of cologne but mostly warm, salty skin.
Bruce basically lived in his lab and only came out when forced.
When the sun came up behind the hills, he sat on the ground, leaning against the stone in his back, allowing himself to grief. It didn't hurt as much as it used to.
"Oh Tony." His smile was incredibly soft, the expression in his eyes so painfully honest and hopeful, Tony almost averted his eyes. Almost.
Tony sat on the side of his bed, listening into the dark. Something was nagging on him. He grabbed a soft cardigan and stepped into the hallway. He wandered around aimlessly until he ended up at the library. It was barely used; Tony sometimes wondered why they even had one.
His hair was a riot, thoroughly disheveled by Steve's hand and rather fitful sleep. These days there was more silver in it, making the dark curls a rather beautiful grey. His face was soft, his lips slightly parted. His long lashes were fluttering softly; he was dreaming. There was a faint rash from Steve's beard on his neck. Steve had to push back the sudden urge to rub his face all over Tony's thighs, just to see the sensitive skin there redden as well. He breathed through the wild desire, and instead ran a slightly shaking hand over the side of Tony's face.
"Sorry, didn't mean to startle you," he said.
Tony made a sympathetic noise, not knowing what to say. Birthdays weren't really a thing anymore. Just another day to mark that they made it another year.
Steve shook his head, eyes blazing.
Steve scrambled to his feet; a lot more clumsily than Tony had expected.
"Says the one drinking it,“ Steve shot back, having smelt no coffee in the still air.
He knew he was unfair. None of those left behind had chosen to be here, it had been a cruel game of chance. Still, seeing Steve's face while he was still mourning didn't help to grow more friendly towards him.
"Yeah, you probably do.“ He sighed, rubbing a hand through his hair. "And yet, I used to carry it all whether I wanted or not. And now- well, I am a massive failure, I should've-“
"I needed time,“ Steve said, ignoring Tony‘s jab. "Im sorry, I-“
"Tea sounds better,“ he said.
“Good morning indeed,” he murmured, before he grabbed Steve’s hand, tangling their fingers tightly together as they wandered into the kitchen.
Tony bit back a grin. He did that. He'd taken Captain America's breath away and made him squirm because he wasn't able to hide the growing erection in his tight jeans.
Something thick and soft was put around his shoulders and he flinched in surprise.
Tony nodded, shrugging at the same time. "Yeah. Just-" he rubbed again, shaking his head. "Nothing. I'm fine."
"Does it?“
Steve glared at him. "Tony, you need to eat."
One day they came to Tony, reluctantly asking for help: a simple robot that could help lifting heavy debris to start clearing out collapsed building sites around the state.
Tony took a sip of his coffee. A thought that had been buried deep down inside suddenly came up. He glanced at Steve who was staring into space.
One night Tony shot up in bed. It wasn't a nightmare that woke him; the dream was already dissolving, but he still felt a gentle warmth coursing through his body. He listened into the darkness of his room. Everything was quiet. And yet something was disturbing the silence of the compound.
"Tony, that‘s not gonna work.“ Steve said, and even though Tony used to hate that tone, he smirked.
"Had a need for reading?“ he asked teasingly as he sat on the chair opposite. It was cool and he pulled the cardigan closer around his shoulders.
"Wanna go back to bed, Captain?“ Tony muttered between kisses. Steve felt his erection pressing against his own. "I have a few ideas how to keep nightmares at bay.“
Tony bit him.
The air around the fireplace slowly warmed up, and Tony got lost in the sight of the flickering flames, bright and welcome. He felt Steve settle next to him, quiet and pensive.
"Would you've said yes?“ Steve asked defiantly.
"Shut up," Steve muttered, but Tony heard the smile in his words. He grinned which felt strange. Rubbing his cold hands he walked towards the kitchen. He was wide awake, knowing that sleep wasn't an option right now. He felt Steve following him, and for the very first time he didn't mind his company.
"I know. And I‘m sorry for that. When you hurt, you can‘t see anyone else hurting too. Especially when you‘re a self-obsessed egomaniac.“ He snorted. "It gets better with time.“
"I am who I am, Tony," Steve said, slumping against the stone. "I can‘t change it. Believe me, I tried.“ He bit his lip, his face twisted in an internal fight. He took a shuddering breath, his eyes softened as he looked at Tony.
was the cause of it, was the one Tony looked at with something akin to what Steve had felt for such a long time. He pressed his forehead to Tony‘s, breathing him in, reveling in the wonderment that he was allowed to do this, see Tony like this.
Steve was the only one who at least tried to keep an appearance of normalcy, but even he was helpless.
"Let me know if you've reached an answer,“ he said flatly. He ignored the sharp pang of regret in his chest as Steve kept staring at him. It had been ages since he‘d opened up like this. Doing so to the one person he had never really made his peace with, suddenly felt like a massive mistake.
"Woah, slow down there, soldier," he murmured as Steve unceremoniously shoved a thigh between Tony's legs. The feeling of it almost blew a fuse in his brain, the pressure was just perfect. He growled, stealing another hard kiss from Steve's lips before gently pushing him back.
Steve stood there for another moment, his uncertainty as clear as day. Eventually he straightened his back and headed towards the coffee maker.
The silence settling around them was thick, but for the very first time, Tony thought of it as somewhat comfortable.
Steve took a shuddering breath through his nose.
"Speaking of gorgeous,“ Tony said, reaching out, sliding his palms over Steve‘s shoulders and down his arms. "You're not so bad yourself."
He fell back into bed, trying to calm his racing heart. When he finally felt in control again, he stood up and walked into the bathroom. He splashed water in his face, staring blindly into the mirror.
He pushed the shirt over Tony‘s head and then sat back, pulling his own shirt off. Tony‘s gaze was roaming over his chest, the corner of his mouth twitching.
Tony tensed, unseeing eyes locking with Steve‘s as he came with a low moan. His head fell back and he clung to Steve as he rode out his orgasm. The soft little noises he made undid Steve as well, and he groaned deeply as his own orgasm rippled through him.
Tony kicked him.
Steve's hips moved on their own when they pushed up. Tony's voice in the morning did things to him he wasn't prepared for.
"And you‘re delirious, Captain. Your tea‘s getting cold.“ Despite the darkness Steve could see Tony blushing. It made his heart rate go up again. This time not out of fear.
"Stunning, in fact,“ Tony murmured, pushing himself up, pressing an open-mouthed kiss on Steve‘s collarbone. "Breathtaking.“ A nip on his neck. "Outstanding.“ A scrape of teeth over Steve‘s nipples.  Tony pulled him down, nimble hands pushing down their pants. Tony moaned as their skin touched, the sound desperate and needy. Steve dove into another kiss, hands sliding through Tony‘s hair, tugging not so gently.
"Morning," he whispered, brushing his lips over Tony's.
"Yes.“ Tony sighed deeply. "Might take a while in our cases.“
"Yes, for you,“ Steve murmured, "not that it makes any difference." His head thudded against the stone, resignation showing in his every feature.
"Tony," Steve said softly, "the world needs Iron Man. He-“
"Slow down,“ he said, pulling him into a long kiss. Tony exhaled through his nose and melted against Steve‘s chest.
Steve sat down opposite, still eyeing Tony carefully. As Tony stared back, he nodded briefly and looked away. Tony took a deep breath. They were still adjusting to their fragile friendship, but Tony had made it abundantly clear that he wouldn't allow Steve to patronize him, no matter how well he meant.
"I will," he said with a solemnity that took Tony's breath away. "Until you need it again."
Tony grinned, stealing another kiss.
He grabbed Tony's hand, gently resting something cool into his palm.
"Stalking me, Cap?" Tony said, relaxing again.
"Tony.“
Tony grumbled under his breath as he knelt in front of the big opening.
Steve huffed a dry laugh, but didn't reply.
Weeks turned into months. The world kept turning. Governments started functioning again, cities, countries were rebuilt, slow and steady.
He fell silent again, sadness radiating from his curled up form.
Steve went perfectly still. Tony hadn’t been thinking of it as a romantic move, but from the way it got Steve’s attention, maybe it ought to be. He slowed the motion down, letting his fingers curl around Steve’s jaw and settle there for a moment. His thumb pressed into the soft skin of Steve’s cheek, dragging through the offending smudge and leaving him clean. His cheek was also, by the time Tony was done with it, quite a bit warmer than it had started out.
Steve looked up at him from under his brows, a tiny-half smile sneaking onto his face as understanding dawned. In an instant, he pivoted ninety degrees, whipping his right arm out and down the length of the park in a familiar wrist-flicking arc.
He stares at it for a while, baffled. He’s never actually lied, during this whole thing. He tells his viewers he’s the real thing, and they laugh. He doesn’t tell his friends anything, because they have no idea. He hasn’t misled anyone. Only now he’s getting cease-and-desist orders for defaming the image of Captain America, on behalf of Steven Grant Rogers whom we represent, and
“I jumped to the stupidest possible conclusion--” Tony jammed his toothbrush back into the holder, sending it rattling.
Edwin Jarvis stepped back and surveyed the contents of the sink with a sigh. He’d performed any number of unusual, complex, and startling tasks and errands since the Master had invited his little troupe of world-savers to the mansion, one would think he’d be used to it by now. Not that he minded, he was rather fond of them all, and they were so
“Any reaction?”
It’s the best.
“He means you,” Steve says to someone, fondly. “You gonna run for it? No? Well, that’s your choice.” He laughs again. “You can look, Buck, you won’t be traumatized, I promise.”
And on top of each pile, apparently unconcerned, a cat.
After a sufficient interval of sandwich-eating to gather up his nerve, Tony dared to look at Steve again. The big handsome goof had a smear of mustard halfway across his cheek. Tony stifled a laugh, and reached over to wipe it away with his thumb.
Steve opened his mouth to reply, but caught movement out of the corner of his eye and reacted without thinking. In a blink, he’d spun around on the spot and caught an upraised hand by the wrist before it could again encounter his backside. No surprise who it belonged to.
The dog hadn’t panicked or struggled at any point so far, merely going limp whenever anyone touched it. It seemed to trust humans; it must have been well-kept at some point in the past. In fact, the girl who’d checked it over when they’d first arrived (using a wand-like device that was probably terribly archaic, judging by the face Tony had made at it) had found an implanted microchip with a serial number. Someone had owned and cared about this dog, once. She’d gone out to the front of the office to run the number for contact information, and after a few moments Tony had followed.
It starts with one video.
“Jesus, no, not like that,” Tony said in a rush. “I mean before that. She’s just a big sweetie and you clearly wanted her so much, needed her even, and I wanted to make sure she knew she was yours, so I tried to give you two some time to get to close, and then…” he looked away and released Steve’s wrist, hunching up again. “I guess dog-time seemed like a special thing for you and Clint. I didn’t belong there. Oh shit, speaking of Clint, what am I doing? You’ve got places to be, god, get out of here, he’s waiting for you,” he sat up suddenly and started trying to scoop Penny’s back half off his lap and push her toward Steve. She was unimpressed.
-spritzing, the original punishment had been earned for certain tiny archers sharpening certain tiny claws on certain favorite armchairs.) “Yeah, so. You’ve got Clintten and Captain Americat there. Thor’s on the fireplace. He doesn’t get cute cat names because he is
Steve took it, dumbly, and stared down, utterly blank.
“If we’re still friends, then, I…” he trailed off, but cleared his throat and soldiered on. “You look like you could use a hug?” Steve raised his eyebrows and half-lifted one arm, questioning and offering.
Tony looked down at his feet. What he’d at first disregarded as a pile of rags was in fact most definitely a suit of body armor, sans sleeves. There was a quiver of arrows half-buried under it, and a bow in the grass just on the far side of the wall. The little gray cat looked back up at him with a soft “mrrrp?” and got up to rub against his legs.
