“I would have ruined your life if we’d stayed together, and I would have ruined his. As much as I hate Howard for being such an asshole, he was right when he said I’d do nothing but hurt and disappoint Steve and our daughter. Everybody’s hurting, but they’re better off this way.”
“Tony, this is…”
“Stevie’s looking for a big boy job with a big boy paycheck,” Bucky answered, accepting the beer, graciously.
As he walked out the door, Natasha yelled behind him; “Love you too, Stevie!”
Tony couldn’t find the words to say how thankful he was to have both Steve and Coraline in his life. He just smiled lovingly at both of them before digging into his dinner. It didn’t take long for everyone to finish eating, but once they did Cora became restless. Tony took her out of her highchair, before moving to take a seat on the couch. Once Steve plopped down beside them, Cora began to squirm as if she couldn’t hold in whatever it was that she wanted to say.
“Alright,” Rhodey said after a moment, nodding his head. “You seem like a good enough guy, just make sure to treat him well or I'll have to come after you. That's a lot of work for me that I'd rather not do so don't make me have to.”
“Yeah, of course. Are you with Tony? I’m expecting him soon, but he didn’t say anything about bringing you.”
“Hey there,” the omega said, giving a smile of his own.
It felt like the day dragged on longer than usual. Tony attributed half of it to the rainy weather and the other half to the fact that he was waiting for his meeting with Steve and Natasha. Once work was over, Tony hurried to
Tony let that statement sink in, and felt the urge to bury his head in his hands. He’d never put much thought into what his reaction would be to finding out he had fathered a child, but he most certainly didn’t expect this.
As if on cue, Bucky and Cora came storming in singing
Steve re-read his words and found that he genuinely meant it. He never intended for things to get as out of hand as they had earlier in the day. He knew his friends weren’t going to be thrilled about his situation, but he knew they would ultimately have his back. It felt good to know that even after the way things had gone, he still had his best friend’s support.
"Don't forget to mention that you like to party. A lot," Bucky offered, cutting in. Steve and Natasha easily could have set him on fire with the looks they were giving him.
“I can’t do this anymore. I just…I can’t do this with you anymore.”
Tony couldn’t breathe. Sure, he inhaled and exhaled the proper amount of times for a human being, but that was just to keep him alive. An involuntary reflex that his body required him to do. If he were to stop, he’d pass out and then start again in his sleep.
“Well why don’t we work on getting it so you’re ready for big girl undies again?” The two year old grinned. “I left some craft supplies out in the hall. How about I go get them and we can make a potty chart together, okay?”
“Please,” he barked out, not even trying to hide his annoyance.
, have kids, and run Stark Industries.”
That startled a genuine laugh out of Tony. “Good to know you’re funny when you’re actually awake,” he said, reaching for his drink as the bartender dropped off the glass. He took note of the slight blush on the blond’s face at the memory of that morning.
“There’s not one in particular, but when I got it I was kind of thinking of the permanence of wishes. I don’t know. It made sense when I got it. But in the past two years, I’ve kind of also realized that it means you have to make your own wishes come true, you know? Like, the seeds are stuck forever, they’re not going to move. So we’re back to permanence. I still really love it. Am I rambling? I feel like I’m rambling…”
It only took a matter of seconds for Tony to throw Steve face down on his bed, and to get undressed. He looked down at what lay in front of him and silently cursed at the sight of Steve working himself open.
and sleep with me tonight?”
“I just wanted to thank you for being so amazing. I still can’t believe we all live together… I still can’t believe this is
Tony quickly turned to look at Steve beside him, eyes slightly wide in surprise. “Really?” he asked, a mix of shock and hope on his face.
“I mean...I...yes?”
Natasha stood and started pacing at that point.
“I just...I don’t really know how to explain it,” Tony said, frustrated that he couldn’t find a way to verbalize his worries.
“Whyyyyyy?!” Tony cried out. Steve just moved to hover over him, wrapping an arm around his waist.
"I figured it might be best for Coraline if there weren’t people around that I couldn't trust not to abandon her..."
“This is a joke, this has to be a joke. A year ago, you couldn’t even stand the guy. Now you’re standing here telling me you’re carrying his child. Honestly, Steve, what would your mom think if she saw you like this?”
“Ugh, here, take this,” Tony said, stopping to remove his scarf and place it around Steve’s neck.
With that, Pepper launched into a complete rundown of all the Stark Industries work and travel she’d been up to. Tony tried his best to give his full attention to the conversation at hand, but he couldn’t shake his concerns. The way those bots at the meetup operated seemed innocuous, but if one of them was self learning and operating on its own, it’d be a much bigger problem for Tony and Stark Industries than anyone realized.
“Steve!” Tony yelled, jumping up to greet his boyfriend by literally jumping on him.
Tony doubled over with laughter then.
The more he walked, the closer he got to what he had been looking for, and a quick glance at the door number told him that he was at Steve’s apartment. Without any thought, he started banging on the door. Tony had all but forgotten about chewing out Steve for bailing on him at this point. All that mattered was getting into that apartment and getting his hands on whatever smelled so damn good.
“Alright, let me get my chair and we’ll go for a walk,”
?!” Pepper and Rhodey asked in unison.
,” Tony spat out, now shaking with anger.
“Barton…” Fury warned. Clint crossed his arms in a huff and frowned. “What?! I’m just stating a fact. I’m arguably the best P.E. teacher in the entire world, so the man is lucky that I’m taking him under my wing. To guide him on this journey of both knowledge and fitness.” Clint finished on a whisper, clutching his hands to his chest and looking wistful, as if the love of his life just asked for his hand in marriage.
"Yeah, ok," Steve spoke, trying not to let the sadness show in his voice, “you’re more than welcome to shower here if you need to.”
Steve cringed at the assessment. He and Tony had been together a little over a year and shared quite a few heats together, but they hadn’t yet bonded. Tony had wanted to wait until they were a little older, saying that he didn’t want the idea of settling down to change things between them. Steve had agreed but if he was honest, he felt more than ready. Having this brute make note of his lack of a bond mark stung in a way that somehow made Steve feel ashamed.
Against his better judgment, Bruce obliged. They sat for almost an hour and a half, enjoying their meal, while conversing with Steve as often as they could. Once they had paid their check, and moved to leave, Steve came running after them.
Steve looked down at the little ball of adorable chubby baby in his arms and wondered over to their brand new rocking chair.
“I’m nineteen and I have a daughter. That’s a lot more than most people want to take on when they start dating someone.”
“Here you are,” He said, placing the drinks on the table. “Are you two ready to order, or do you need a moment?” Steve made a point not to look at Tony, though the death glare he received when he looked at Pepper wasn’t much better.
“Tell me, son, does this man even know who you are? Does he know that you come from a prestigious family? One that cannot afford to have a gay son whose boyfriend has a bastard child?”
Tony wasn't sure how, but he knew that no matter what, he’d have Tiberius dealt with by the end of the week. For now, though, he needed to put all of his brain power into figuring out how to get Steve back.
“Welp, I guess this is my stop. See you at lunch?” Tony asked, sounding close to something hopeful.
. Steve continued to stroke himself, but his movements had become more erratic; more needy. Tony regained some motor function and swatted Steve’s hand away, grabbing at his dick. It wasn’t long before Steve was coming in thin strips on Tony’s chest.
The pair of them stood there before Tony burst out laughing hysterically.
“Uh… should have thought to ask about this before but do you wanna, uh, you know… which do you wanna do?”
“Well, that’s not a problem. We have a nice big pool for me to teach you both in. Sound good?”
“Oh I uhm...I was thinking maybe we could use my mom’s middle name, Alexandra. We could keep it as it for a girl, or use Alexander for a boy. Either one would make a strong middle name,” Tony offered, with a sense of sadness in his voice.
. That was actually something I wanted to you about,” Tony began, somewhat nervously, “I wanted to see if you possibly wanted to...I don't know, do something outside of the bar sometime?”
Steve couldn’t help but bark out a laugh at Sam’s last words as he consciously tried to relax his shoulders. Once he did so, Steve all but tackled the man in front of him in a hug.
Tony woke up in a haze to the annoying shrill of the alarm on his cell phone. He blindly searched for the phone on his nightstand, refusing to lift his head or open his eyes. Once he caught hold of it, he vowed to smash it against the wall as soon as he turned the alarm off. In doing so, he not only realized the texts and missed calls from Steve, but he realized the time. It was 10:00 am, and he had slept in.
Steve and Bucky sat together at a desk in one of the empty offices  at work. It was early Saturday morning, so they weren’t worried about anybody coming in and bothering them. Bucky was hard at work typing up a piece on the food festival from the previous weekend, while Steve was making final edits on some of this illustrations. They did this often, coming in to work at least one Saturday a month to get ahead, and not feel so overwhelmed during the week.
All three men turned to look at Steve, and he immediately felt his face grow warmer.
"Mason Alexander for a boy and Mason Alexandra for a girl," Tony spoke, simply.
“I know.”
strong! My gosh!” Tony gave Cora a sloppy kiss on the cheek.
involved in my love life,” Tony observed.
“Bucky… did you show my two year older daughter
It's because Steve was so wrapped up in the importance of his work that he managed to let an hour slip by. When he looked up next, there was already nearly two inches of snow on the ground. “Fuck,” Steve whispered under his breath, checking his phone to see that the subway had suspended services, and no Ubers were available, all due to inclement weather. Steve felt an impending anxiety attack coming on, as he realized that he was seemingly the last person left at the co-working space, with no way home, when he heard someone clear their throat.
“Steve, you’re awake. You’re awake!” Tony said over and over again, as he peppered the blond’s face with kisses.
what that thing was. It seemed to be an important part of Tony’s life so that's all that mattered. This thing in Tony’s chest was as big a deal to Steve as Bucky’s metal arm; that is to say, Steve never gave much attention to either because it just seemed those things weren't defining factors to him. If Tony ever wanted to open up about the object in his chest, Steve would be ready to listen, but until then, he had no intention of looking any further into it.
"Because," Steve began, now looking down at his stomach, "Bug and I spend all day every day together. I have endless opportunities to have private conversations with this baby. I just figured it'd be nice if you got to have that too."
“Yeah, and I’ve seen you guys holding hands when you think we can’t see. But even more than that, we’ve all seen the way he looks at you,” Bucky chimed in.
He was in love with Steve.
“Well what the fuck else am I supposed to do?!?”
A huge smile broke out on the taller man’s face.
“Miss Potts has been trying her best to keep rumors regarding your whereabouts from gaining any traction…”
Steve simply replied with a smile and his middle finger, bringing out a small fit of laughter from the alpha. Once he’d stopped laughing, Tony moved to stand up.
“So…wanna know what happened between me and Pepper?”
“Really, Tony? I’m the one who taught you how to perfect that fake smile for media interviews. Do you really want to use that on me too?”
Steve was quickly moving around the kitchen, putting the last few finishing touches on dinner. As he set the table, assembled their plates and opened a bottle of wine, Tony stared in amazement. Steve finally turned to face the brunet and smiled. “Ta-da! Dinner is served. I hope you like it!” Steve said nervously.
“You? What about me?! I never thought I would live to see the day I described an alpha as pretty, but with that top on, my god you're the prettiest alpha I've ever laid eyes on.”
“Well, I’ve literally only left twice to get groceries since I’ve last seen you. We had a movie night, I met with my women’s group for bible study, and I’ve started making fruit smoothies every morning. Now that you’ve been caught up on my boring life, you can tell me about you!”
“Sorry to bother you,” Tony apologized, taking a single step into the room, “I have these sweats from a friend who’s about the same size as you, if you wanted something dry to wear.”
“So you’re coming up on four months now, and I read that that’s around the time that you can find out what Bug will be. Would you maybe be interested in doing that?”
“She does? Hmm, and how do you feel about me?” Tony asked, wrapping his arms around the blond’s neck.
“Oh!” Steve blurted. “And I forgot to tell you that I love you, too.”
“Do you know how to write your name yet?” Tony asked.
“Alright, yeah, I should probably be heading out anyways. I’ve got a bit of work to do in the workshop tonight.”
Tony thought. In the interest of not being a total creep, he just smiled back. “I didn’t get your name.”  he stated, taking a sip of his own drink.
The next day, Steve set out for the workshop on a mission. He was going to get Tony to come upstairs even if it killed him.
Steve heard Tony’s voice waiver, before he sniffled, indicating that he was holding back tears. Tony cleared his throat, before continuing on.
“Yeah, actually. You know Stark Industries?”
“Wow,” was all Sam could say looking at the home.
“School’s going well, honestly. The kids are great and they’re really enjoying the activities that Clint and I are coming up with. I mean, clearly a lot of the things that we have to make a record of, like the mile and shit like that, kids kind of hate. But otherwise they’re having fun.”
“Yeah, I got it.”
The blond dropped his head to the pillow in front of him, shuddering at the feel of more cum filling him. Tony allowed Steve to rest for a moment, before moving onto their side. He stroked any area of skin he could get his hands on, while leaving a trail of kisses down the expense of Steve’s back. The pair of them sat there like that, desperately trying to calm their breathing for close to twenty minutes before Tony’s knot began to deflate. He slowly pulled out once he was able, wrapping his arms around Steve and turning him around to finally get a good look at him.
It took every ounce of willpower within him not to let out a very undignified whimper at the timid smile on Tony’s face. When he had composed himself, Steve gave a small nod. “Hey. What are you doing here?”
“Can we open presents now?” Cora whined, bouncing in her seat. “Please daddy. Please, please, please, please.”
Steve stood up and made his way out of the room.
“What are you doing here?” Steve asked, genuinely surprised someone like Tony would spend his Saturday at a museum. The taller man sighed before giving a sad smile.
“You don’t know Steve, he’d never do that,” Tony offered, trying to stand his ground.
As the second chorus ended, a guitar strum sounded.
Pepper looked at Tony, skeptical, but finally gave in.
He knew he was being unnecessarily difficult but he couldn’t help it. All he wanted was one person to help point him in the right direction, as opposed to confirming that what he was hiding from was obvious.
“I don’t want to do that. Plus Steve is going to be there and—I don’t want to chaperone a bunch of kids at some dumb dance, Nat.”
that Steve had become enamored with. The pair stood silently enjoying the beautiful song. Tony felt his heart pounding a mile a minute, distantly wondering if this much stress was bad for the arc reactor, as he waited for the biggest surprise of all.
“Ony, I watched da movie. My fav’rite is Sally!”
“Alright, cool! Now that we’ve gotten that all sorted out, we’re going to need to hit the road,” Tony said, bouncing off towards the car.
Steve didn’t know a whole lot about Natasha’s life before she started dating Bucky, but he did know that she had a lot of useful connections, especially in a case like this. Steve rummaged through his wallet to pull out a small scrap of paper for her.
“Well,” Tony said, clearing his throat, “we should probably get going then. We don’t want to be late for the best surprise of the night.”
“Oh, Tony.”
“Well, Steve, looks like it’s time for me to be heading home,” Tony said, standing from his bar stool, “thanks for the drink, and for letting me talk you to death.”
Steve shook his head. “No. I’m not going to break up with you. You asked what Peggy meant and I figured I should tell you the whole story.”
Once Tony turned around, he noticed that Clint had left. He just shrugged and took the now empty seat. “Look, I know I seem to really be harping on this, but if either of you had seen this guy, you’d understand why I seem like such a thirsty creep over this.” Tony frowned as Bruce and Natasha shared some kind of amused look. “Well what the fuck is that look for?!” Tony asked, annoyed.
Tony swatted at his nose, looking everywhere in the room, stalling as long as he possibly could. “New curtains?”
“So, this is the kind of apartment my money can buy, hmm. Seems nice I suppose, but a little big for just one man, don’t you think?”
“Steve, nice to meet you. I’m Nick Fury, people call me Fury. Have a seat here and we’ll get started.”
“Hi Steve, nice to see you again,” Bruce offered, smiling up at the blond.
“Ok, whatever it is, start from the beginning,” the redhead prompted, giving the man a reassuring rub on the back.
“So, Bucky and Nat are your best friends?” Tony asked, taking a quick glance to look at his passenger.
wrong. Oh god, why was he thinking about his piece of shit ex while he was literally inside of Steve.
When he got to Steve’s apartment, he rested his forehead on the steering wheel and took a few deep breaths. What if this was Steve breaking up with him? He had said
“I seriously cannot believe she got you to go,” Bucky said, shaking his head in disbelief. Steve shot his friend a death glare, wiping the smile right off of his face.
“Thanks for suggesting we come to this park, I had a lot of fun today. I hope you did too,” Tony said, suddenly looking bashful.
The walk back to the entrance of the park seemed much shorter on the way out, but as the entrance came into sight, Tony bumped his shoulder against Steve’s.
“What?”
“Well yeah, but--wait, what?”
Steve rolled down his window and cleared his throat in an effort to calm himself down before he spoke. “I’m good...just...trying to collect myself before starting the day.”
“Just trying to convince Stark that the prosthetic his company made is perfect and that he doesn’t need to keep poking around in my arm trying to make it even better,” Bucky answered, throwing said arm around Natasha’s shoulder.
“So that’s it then, you’re just done with me?” Tony asked, angry tears welling up in his eyes.
"No buts, Nat. First of all I'm pretty sure it's against company policy to party with your supervisors,"
“While I agree with you, I'd appreciate it if you could elaborate on
“All better,” Tony grinned. “Now c’mon. I ended up in the snowbank, too. It’s gonna be just as much fun to get my pants off.” Steve didn’t hurt himself in the process, which he counted as a win, but he didn’t get a chance to appreciate his victory, as Tony was suddenly on top of him, kissing him, hands everywhere.
“Steve! Glad you finally made it down,” Tony yelled over the music. “JARVIS, reduce the music volume by 50%.” he said, seemingly to no one.
“We can?” Tony asked, running after the blond. Steve stopped to hold the door open and smiled.
“And I’m dad’s boyfriend.”
Tony lifted the glass of whiskey he was currently nursing and gave his best smile.
There wasn't a day that went by without Tony rejecting, challenging or downright mocking Steve's design ideas. It seemed to be all in good fun at first but as time went on, Steve grew tired of always having to fight Tony on literally everything. He tried more than once to bring this behavior to the attention of his supervisor, Coulson, but he would always brush it off saying "you two are big boys, you can figure this out on your own".
“She’s my favorite too, sweetie,” Tony laughed. “Now come with me and your dad, we’re gonna try on our Halloween costumes for everyone!”
“I knew I could persuade you.”
“I promise I won’t punch you in the face.”
“Both actually,” Steve said, putting down his sandwich, knowing he was in for a bit of an explanation. “I’ve had past relationships where the people I dated treated me to small trips here and there. But being that I’m bi, I’ve dated women and men, so…”
Tony gave a small smile then nodded.
“One glass.”
“I know I don’t
“Alright, great. Tony should be here soon, so I suppose I’ll get out of your hair,” Pepper said, standing to walk towards the door.
“Scowling like that isn’t going to get me off your case. It will, however, give you deeper lines in your face so keep at it. Doesn’t matter to me if you look like a wrinkled mess when you’re older.”
“I want you to fuck me.”
The omega felt his body ease immediately at the touch of the warm water, and though he wanted nothing more than to relax, his mind kept racing. Through all of the terrifying thoughts, though, Steve placed his hand on his stomach and suddenly everything stopped. In that moment, all he could think was
“Sure did! Boy, you should have seen the look on Peggy’s face when I led those men back to our camp!”
“Hi?” Tony asked, all too confused by the visit.
“I’m just going to ignore your threat, considering it’s nearly impossible to kill me. But I’m glad you decided to get out of this stuffy workshop. I’m sure you’ll have a great time tonight!”
“Alright well, I’m going to hang out with Tony and his crew for a bit.”
“No! I mean, yes! I mean,” Tony groaned and rubbed at his eyes. “I’ve never l… I’ve never felt like… there wasn’t ever any, uh… You know what? I can’t think of a good reason not to do this.” Tony stopped himself from babbling, slid down Steve, and palmed at his crotch. “That is, if I have your permission.”
something like that?!” Steve asked, completely taken aback. “I’m surprised you haven’t integrated JARVIS into the school.”
“We’ll figure this out, ok? We can take things slow and just figure it all out as we go,” Tony offered, rubbing the shorter man’s cheek with his thumb.
Tony stood there, shaking, as Howard walked out, a pleased smile on his face no doubt. He wanted to yell, tell his sorry excuse for a father that he was full of nothing shit and that Steve was twice the man and father he could ever be. But Howard’s words rang through Tony’s ears over and over. He had made this mistake before, specifically with his most recent ex, thinking that he’d finally found someone who loved him. It was only a matter of time, though, before Tony realized that the only thing his ex-boyfriend loved was his money.
Howard just stood back with a somewhat pleased look on his face, and crossed his arms.
Tony just smiled at Bruce, then turned to smile at the omega.
“I’m sorry, but...am I missing something here? How do you two know each other?
“What’s your name?” Tony asked, pulling the drink in closer to himself before taking another sip.
Steve gave a small nod for her to continue, knowing that there wasn't a single part of this that he'd be looking forward to.
To that, Steve just gave a small smile as he realized what was going on.
“I don’t want anything to do with this after today,” Steve said, not quite able to meet Nat’s eyes. “Just...whatever your friends come up with, give it all to Tony and keep me out of it from here on out.”
Natasha just sat there, giving Steve a knowing smile, to which he groaned and threw his arm over his eyes again.
,” Steve begged.
Tony stood silent for a few moments just staring at the wall, prepping himself to go back into the room. He’d never said he’d loved Steve before, but he never denied it when Bruce asked after that first ‘real’ date. The moment he’d said it, though, he’d known.
It was at that second meet, after their second win when Tony turned and smiled at Steve that the blond felt absolutely weak in the knees.That moment sparked this need, for Steve, to find a way to capture that feeling through some creative outlet. With
“Jesus Pepper, you didn’t think that maybe somewhere in the THREE MONTHS since we defeated Loki, it would be good to tell me that you didn’t want to be with me anymore?”
“Alright, good. As long as we’re on the same page about that then I’ll give you a chance to make up for this.”
“Oh, no my entire company has been a front to charm my way into this apartment so I could sell all your secrets to the sleaziest tabloids.”
“Well, pardon my French, but anyone who disagrees can fuck off… ‘cause they’re wrong,” Steve offered, moving to lay down on the couch with Tony’s head resting on his chest.
“Pepper, you met Happy when you were 15. You guys have been bonded since you were 18.”
“But I wanna stay up ‘til da New Yea!” There was a tense moment where it seemed like they were going to be dealing with a full blown hissy fit--those had thankfully been few and far between lately--but eventually she resigned herself. “Count ta ‘free, daddy,” she instructed, somberly.
“That perfect little asshole from my philosophy class keeps resisting my advances. I mean, he’d have to be absolutely blind to not see that I’ve got a thing for him!”
“I don’t know, man! I’ve been with guys kind of like him before; guys who are smart, funny, charming, and just absolutely gorgeous. But this time it’s just… different,” Tony said, taking a bite of the extra pickle on Bruce’s tray.
"Atta boy," Rhodey replied, now becoming fully immersed in his work. As Tony walked away, no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't shake the dull thrum of loneliness he felt.
you wouldn’t keep something like this from me for longer than that,” Natasha spoke, somehow managing to sound absolutely terrifying while keeping her eyes on the road.
Tony didn’t want to admit it, but he truly was falling for Steve, fast. Truth be told, the thought of being in love seemed terrifying, but to think that Steve might one day be in love with him was exhilarating.
“This can’t wait, Pep. I need to talk to you
Tony pushed himself up, out of Pepper’s arms to look at her.
“Oh, you don’t have to--” Steve tried to protest, when Tony put a hand up to stop him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“How’s he doing?” a voice that Steve identified as Bruce asked.
“Come in,” he heard from behind the door.
Tony never thought that at eighteen years old he’d be overjoyed over a two year old peeing, but he felt his entire body swell with pride. Sure, she wasn’t potty trained by a mile, but it was a step. He cleaned her up, washed her hands, and carried her out to the car where Steve was waiting.
“Why are you here?”
“Hey guys,” Natasha greeted them both with a smile as she sat on the floor playing with Cora.
Tony was sitting in the back of a cab, wondering how he was going to break the news to Steve, as he made his way to their five month check up. All throughout the appointment, Tony stood beside the omega, holding his hand for support, but completely zoned out. He was sure that Steve could tell something was off, but the alpha just explained it away as sleep deprivation.
protective of you. Plus, I probably would have done the same thing if some guy I didn’t know started dating my best friend.”
“It’s a pi’ture of yew, me an’ Ony! It’s for his burfday!” Steve looked over the picture, smiling wide at the crudely drawn blobs of various sizes, the smallest one wearing something that looked to resemble a bow.
“I know that I might sound cold, I’m just looking out for my best friend. Aside from the fact that he wants to do the right thing, he actually cares a lot about you. So all that I ask is that you always keep his best interest at heart.”
“Steve?” His heart practically stopped once he heard his name. He looked to confirm what he already knew. Tony was sitting at the table in front of him, quite honestly, looking like hell. He seemed thinner, had circles around his eyes, and just looked absolutely miserable.
“Honestly, I don’t know, and that’s what’s got me worried. He says he used the money he got for Christmas for the paint set, but what about the bed and breakfast? And who could he possibly know that would be capable of shutting down the entire aquarium to everyone but us? I mean for God’s sake, we had
“How did this become about me? I thought we were talking about you just up and leaving me and Cora behind.”
“And he’s ok with the fact that you’re a nineteen year old father?” Natasha asked, while trying to mooch off of Bucky’s rice. As he swatted her hand away, she jabbed him in the side with one of her chopsticks before going back in.
“Steve quit.”
?” Natasha asked around a laugh.
“Tony, I… Good morning. Oh, uh afternoon, rather.”
After a few minutes of looking over the room service menu, and fifteen minutes of waiting, their food arrived. They set everything up on the table in their small kitchen, digging in without a word. Halfway through his steak, Tony pointed his fork in Steve’s direction. “So, is this the first time you’ve been whisked away by a devilishly handsome man for a weekend getaway?” Tony asked, lightheartedly.
“Yeah, I understand. We’ll figure something out,” Tony spoke, a little sad about not getting to see Cora. Steve pulled him in for one last kiss, resting their foreheads together once he pulled away.
“It smells absolutely amazing in here, what did you make?”
“Well, yeah. If I hadn't told him he would have found your gratuitous flirting tonight a little odd,” the redhead answered.
“You do know you don’t get presents, right kiddo?” Steve asked, patting her back.
“I may have gotten a little excited about the idea of us doing...this, and may have decided to prep myself before you came home,” Steve spoke, answering the unasked question.
Tony glared at Steve with all the intensity he could muster.
“It’s not, and you know it,” Steve responded, looking up at him with some sort of determination hiding behind his blue eyes.
“Yeah, sure.”
“On a date where?”
Tony narrowed his eyes at Steve.
Tony gave an apologetic smile, before moving to kiss the omega on the forehead.
“Okay. Go out into the living room and I’ll be in in a minute.”
Tony took a deep breath once he finished his story. Pepper seemed to consider his words carefully before diving in.
It was that thought, the idea that he knew deep down in his soul that the rest of his life would inevitably be filled with turtles because the rest of his life would be spent with Steve, that led Tony to this very moment. Sitting in their bed, Steve began to stir, eyes fluttering opened as he looked up and smiled at Tony.
“Alright, I’m here, where’s my food and wine?” Carol asked, stepping around Tony, into his house.
Tony visibly deflated at those words. Howard was an asshole who wanted nothing more than to see Tony miserable. He knew this, he always knew this, and yet every time, he let Howard goad him with his words, and put doubts into his head.
“Haven’t you heard, Steve? I’m rich, which means I think I can do whatever I want. So if you’re not going to talk, then you’re going to fucking sit here and listen.”
Steve noticed a slight look of fear in Tony’s eyes at his words. He reached up to rest his hand at Tony’s jaw, puzzled by the slight flinch that was given in response.
“It’s Tony Stark.”
Tony turned and gave a smirk. “Nope. We’ll be walking under the city to get closer to my place.”
Come Friday morning, Steve found himself starting his day in the teacher’s lounge making a small bowl of oatmeal and a cup of coffee. As he sat at the table, Natasha and Clint walked in.
Pepper opened and closed her mouth, searching for a response.
“Well, no one but me has seen you in the last three weeks and they’re all starting to wonder what’s up with you.”
“It’s a great movie! Plus, I figure we’ve both probably seen it enough times that neither of us would mind if we missed anything,” Steve said, hoping that he wasn’t being too forward. It’d been a long time since he had dated anyone, let alone had the opportunity for anything physical. That wasn’t all Tony was to Steve but he’d be lying if he said that wasn’t something he wanted.
“Well, Mr. Stark, you’ve done a lot for me, and I think you deserve to be happy,” Peter said, earnestly. “Plus, you and Mr. Rogers are the best couple any of us have ever met, so I’ll do anything to make sure you guys make it!”
The pace Tony set wasn’t slow, but there was no sense of frenzy or a need to hurriedly chase their release. It was just the two of them, taking their time. Steve felt Tony lean down, pressing his chest to Steve’s back. “You feel absolutely incredible around me, willing to take anything I give you,” Tony whispered, running a hand through Steve’s hair. “Wonder if I could make you come just like this; on nothing but my cock. Think you can?”
“Just… this. Driving with you, holding your hand, enjoying being here next to you. I’ve just really missed being happy with you.”
“Read it and see.”
“I live within walking distance, if you wanted to wait out the storm at my place?” Steve’s eyes shot up to look at Tony, shocked at the proposition. “I've got a guest room and some spare clothes you're welcome to change into, if you'd like.”
“Do you or don’t you want this?” Tony’s eyes raked over his ex. Steve’s cheeks were flushed and there were red marks on his chest and arms where Tony had been grabbing at him. His button and zipper were undone. Disheveled Steve. His achilles heel.
Again, both Rhodey and Pepper looked at each other, worried. This time, Rhodey spoke up.
Steve’s blue eyes met Tony’s and the sadness there was enough to break the alpha.
She offered him a sympathetic smile at that.
“Oh, I just...you guys seem like a lot of fun. I’m excited to get to know the other teachers here,” Steve answered, honestly.
“Tony—” Steve spoke, wanting to ask if he’d be okay.
Tony said storming into his lab.
Tony opened the passenger seat and helped Steve up and out. He locked the car over his shoulder as he guided Steve through the snow into the bed and breakfast. The place allowed him to request a floor and, when Tony found out, he was enthused to request a room on the third floor in the very back; he hadn’t thought through what it would be like to get Steve up there without an elevator.
“I’m sure whatever it is that’s happened between the two of you, you can fix things. You do want to fix things, don’t you?”
As he lay in his bed crying, project completely forgotten, Tony promised himself that as soon as he got back to school, he would come clean to Steve about everything. He just hoped that, for once, he could prove Howard wrong, and finally show that he’d found someone who truly loved him.
It was also that knowledge that completely stumped Tony when he got to the dance and Steve was very obviously avoiding him. Initially, he’d assumed that Steve had just been too busy talking to other students and teachers to realize he was there. But as the evening went on, Steve managed to dodge any attempts Tony made to speak with him. It seemed that their friends noticed as well. Natasha tried to bring Steve over to the rest of the group at one point, but once he spotted Tony, he excused himself to the restroom. It was confusing, to say the least, but it also sucked the wind out of Tony’s sails. The confidence he’d had at the beginning of the night had dissipated and turned into nothing but doubt.
“Hate to break it to you, Rumlow was it?” Tony interrupted, “But the only knot in his future is mine, so if you wouldn’t mind, you can fuck off back to whatever bridge you live under.”
A grin spread across his face as his eyebrow shot up towards his hairline. Pepper couldn’t help but laugh.
Steve nodded. “Okay. I believe you.”
Steve did just that for the remainder of his shift, every time his mind wandered back to their interaction.
Tony asked, breaking the kiss that he was so lazily participating in.
“Hey man, it’s Sam, can I come in?”
“Rhodey, honey bear, love of my life, I already said I was sorry, can’t we just leave it at that?” Tony asked, making puppy dog eyes at his best friend.
“I wouldn’t have said anything if I weren’t.”
“Hey Stark, what do you want?” Carol answered, sounding somewhat out of breath
He slowly moved the brunet’s hand, waiting. He felt another kick, this one much stronger than the last. The face Bucky made when he felt the push just beneath his hand was priceless.
The man turned to look Tony up and down. “Just talking to this sweet thing over here, nothing you need to concern yourself with.”
“I love you, too.”
Tony gave a self satisfied smile before walking over to the group of kids. Once he was out of earshot, Rhodey turned on Steve, narrowing his eyes.
“What can I start you guys off with today?” Steve asked, seemingly tired, but still as friendly as ever.
She shook her head and buried her face in Steve’s neck. Tony hadn’t registered anything after
“I’m leaving for Malibu tonight, and I um…I won’t be back for a while.”
Bucky put up his hands in surrender, giving a small laugh.
“Fine… I’ll give you the money, but I need it documented in writing that you will not under any circumstances sell Stark Industries once it is yours. Also, you will be moving out of the mansion. All of your things will be here and, if and when you visit, you will be treated as a guest.”
“I really liked that version, it’s a nice cover,” Tony determined. The beginning sounds of ‘Mr. Blue Sky’ began playing, coaxing a massive grin out of Tony. “That’s an interesting shift between songs,” he said with a small laugh.
Tony racked his brain but came up empty. “Gunna need a little more help than that, doll. You and I both know I say a lot of things but they don't always stick.”
“I guess now would be as good a time as any to just nope the fuck out of this job then, huh?” the blond asked, smiling as he took a swig of his beer.
“Oh, don’t thank me, I haven’t actually done anything for you yet. But with all the business that you’ve managed to unintentionally bring to my bar, I figure this is the least I could do.”
his shirt, which was hiked up in the back. “Nice to see you, too. Uh, Peggy.” Tony glanced at his phone. Had they really been making out for two hours? It had felt like minutes. “I think I should leave.”
They were so close, Steve could feel Tony’s breath on his face. He searched Tony’s eyes for any uncertainties, but when he realized there was nothing but sincerity behind Tony’s words, he captured the brunet’s face in his hands.
That was all it took for the alpha to act. He took Steve’s arm and dragged him down the back hallway.
“Okay, lift up your right foot. There you go. Okay, now your left. Take it one step at a time, hon. Very good. Now take another one—”
Tony almost felt his brain come to a screeching halt. “Wait...so you’re not obsessed with turtles?”
“What about him...are you serious? That’s Tony Fucking Stark is what about him!”
“Mr. Stark, do you need me to reset all of the calculators?”
The two sat in silence for a moment, finally reaching the doctor’s office. Once Natasha parked the car, she turned to Steve with a look that he’d come to equate with excitement coming from her.
As much as Tony loved slowly unraveling his boyfriend, he was ready to make good on his promise. He gave two more slow strokes of his fingers while fumbling for the lube. As he grabbed the small bottle, Tony withdrew his fingers, causing Steve to whine in protest. Once his cock was covered in lube, Tony lined himself up with Steve's hole. Taking hold of the blond's hip, he softly ran his thumb back and forth, silently asking for the go ahead. Steve just smiled, giving a small nod.
Tony leaned down, hovering over Steve’s chest, to whisper in his ear. “I wish you could see how fucking gorgeous you look on my dick. Your ass feels
Steve chewed on his lip while he worked on the sandwiches. “See, I resisted your advances because I figured that you wouldn’t want to take on someone with the kind of baggage I have. And I hate to use that word because Coraline is in no way a burden to me. At all. But I’ve learned that the idea drives people away. I liked you too much for that. I’d rather have you flirt with me and turn you down, than have you run away and act all weird because of it.
“Come again?”
“For a guy who puts up the tough guy front, you sure are a softie.”
“Tony this is...this is absolutely amazing,” the omega praised, going in for a larger bite this time.
“You’re an artist and a writer? Hmm, well, you’ll have to show me some of your stuff some time, I’m sure it’s great,” Tony said, nonchalantly as he tapped the steering wheel to the beat of the song.
“Great,” Natasha said with a large smile. “It’s going to be a great night, Steve, you’ll see.”
“Is it possible for you to walk any slower?” Steve asked. Tony was moving at a pace that sloths might envy.
reality. Tony is it for you, okay? You don’t get two Tony’s in life. People are fucking lucky if they get one, you hear? You’ve made a dumbass mistake letting him go and I’m going to need you to get your head out of your ass and realize that before it’s too late.”
“Oh Tony,” she spoke, holding him close to her as he sat in his chair.
“So…what are you up to tonight?”
Knowing what cold and distant Christmases Tony had been through made it easy to see why he hated even acknowledging the day. Despite this, though, Steve wanted so desperately to give Tony the Christmas he deserved. So, here he was, laying out fresh fruit, brewing freshly ground coffee, and plating the bacon, eggs and chocolate chip pancakes in preparation for what he hoped would be a wonderful day.
“Want me to bring you lunch?”
“Yeah, I think that sounds like a good time. Why don’t we do something now.”
“Well, you got me this grand gift, and all I have for you is this sketch I made of you while you were working on one of your engineering projects.” Steve reached for his sketch pad and carefully removed the sketch in question. Once he saw it, Tony couldn’t believe his eyes. The amount of care that was given to every single detail was absolutely amazing.
Seeing Steve this crabby was actually hilarious, and as badly as Tony wanted to keep with this back and forth, he decided to pull over to get something to eat.
“Bruce, we’ve been through this before, I can’t—”
The way Steve’s breath hitched with each thrust.
“If it’s ok, I’d like to hold her, and maybe rock with her while she sleeps,” Steve stated, gently rubbing a hand over the brown peach fuzz that covered her head.
“Oh you won’t need me; I know you’ll be ok. Plus JARVIS is always here to lend you a hand.”
The brunet turned with a look of surprise and excitement to see who was beside him.
“Oh, also, has he told you about…” Rhodey asked, tapping at his sternum.
“Are you kidding me right now?” Bruce asked, barely above a whisper. “All he did was make a joke, and you nearly just lost it on the spot.”
“A friend, huh?” the doctor smiled around the question.
“Same time as usual,” Steve answered with a wide smile.
“I dunno, just...Steve things,” Tony responded, rubbing the area where he’d just been kicked.
Steve. Love. Steve. Love. Tony loves Steve. Steve loves Tony.
Tony found himself glued to that spot as he looked off in the direction that Steve had gone.
“But—”
“How about you write your name right here,” Tony said, pointing to a space above the boxes, just to the left of where he’d written ‘Potty Chart’. Coraline took the marker from Tony and, with great concentration, wrote COЯA.
did you just say to me?”
“Two.”
They moved over to one of the larger work tables covered in what seemed to be scraps, looking for pieces to use for the outer cover for the bot they were building. Steve settled into his stool and began sorting through what was in front of him, picking out pieces that looked promising. “So, how long have you been at Midtown High?” Steve asked, trying to strike up casual conversation.
Pepper slapped his shoulder. “What kind of talk is that?”
It didn’t take much for Steve to agree to come back, once he saw the hopeful look on Tony’s face. But he knew that before he came back to work, he’d have to tell his friends what was happening. It was this, the realization that he would have to face his friends, that kept Steve from getting any real restful sleep that night.
“How...how did you know that’s what I was thinking?” Steve asked, suddenly raising his head to look at Bucky in disbelief.
Tony quietly stepped out of his car, moving to get his luggage from the trunk. Once he’d gotten all of his bags, he moved to the back seat to say goodbye to Cora.
And just like that, they were back on track, talking about work and enjoying the easy conversation. After dinner, they sat in the sitting room and watched some deep sea documentary on Discovery. Before they knew it, it was time to turn in for the night. While Tony excused himself to get dressed for bed, Steve found himself removing the pillows and cushions off of the pullout couch, maneuvering it into a bed. He took a step back, examining his work, internally cringing at how uncomfortable the bed looked.
“Blonde, buff, blue eyes that would make the water surrounding the Maldives jealous,” Tony rattled off, ticking each trait off on his fingers.
“Oh god Cap, I…I’m so sorry.”
“Okay, alright...good. Uh, I um, I figured since we never got a chance to watch my favorite holiday movie back in December, maybe we could watch it now?” Tony asked, suddenly nervous.
“As horrible as it sounds, I just didn’t care with all the other guys. I mean, I wasn’t much concerned with what was going on in their lives outside of what we were doing. But with Steve, I… I want to know what makes him tick. I want to know his favorite color and what he was afraid of as a kid. I want to know what his pet peeves are and what his favorite ice cream flavor is. And don’t even get me started on Coraline, I just… I want to know everything about them. What’s with the weird smile?” Tony asked, slightly startled by the look on Bruce’s face.
Tony breathed a sigh of relief, and made his way off to bed. He was going to need all the rest he could get to tackle tomorrow’s endeavor.
get to take a load off, while
“I just feel like you want me to put the effort into boozing you up so I can find out all your deep dark secrets. Is that what this is?! Are we trading booze for secrets, because I am all about that!” Steve joked.
“She’s absolutely amazing,” Steve spoke through tears, gloved hand outstretched to touch any part of Mason in her incubator that he could access.
“Goodnight Corabelle,” he whispered, kissing her forehead.
so he became a
The omega considered this for a moment.
With that the two of them wolfed down their breakfast, only stopping once all of the food was gone. Once they put their plates in the sink, they stood in the kitchen, now unsure of what to do next.
“Tony, I’m not gonna--”
“We need to talk,” Bucky offered, taking a seat.
Steve’s nerves started to ease. This wasn’t the place where they went for Cora’s birthday; this was the place that he would hopefully be working at.
Steve nodded shyly.
Just as Steve finished setting the table, Tony groggily shuffled into the kitchen. “Morning, sweetheart,” Steve greeted, smiling as his boyfriend plopped down into his chair with a thud.
“Mr. Stark, will you take a team picture with us?” Peter asked, pulling Tony along without giving him a chance to actually answer.
“Listen, thanks for coming over to let me talk to you about this. I just...I think I’m going to take the rest of the day to get myself together. “
“Steve, how do you expect to ‘get out of my hair’ during a blizzard?!” Tony gestured toward the window showcasing the heavy snowfall for emphasis. “We're snowed in together, sweetheart. And besides, I was hoping for this to not be a one off.”
Tony found himself snuggled up in his bed as the afternoon sun seeped in through his window. It was Sunday, and that meant he had the day to himself. It’s not that Steve was busy, but they’d decided that it’d be good to have one day during the week where they could just relax and enjoy time by themselves. While they adored each other, they didn’t want to become co-dependent. Tony had planned a day of literally laying around watching whatever the TV had to offer, but as he was about to start the sixth episode in his Law and Order: SVU marathon, his phone vibrated. He searched his bed, slightly annoyed that anyone would bother him on his one day to relax, but upon seeing it was Steve, his mood brightened immediately.
As he read it over, Steve thought on the words he’d written. Since their trip to Connecticut, he and Tony had gone to two meets with their robotics team, working even better together under pressure than Steve ever expected. Despite all the nerves that he felt, Steve seemed to silently fall into a rhythm with Tony that felt so effortless it was astounding. Where one of them fell short the other excelled and together they ended up leading their team to win both meets.
Once they parted, they turned to see a woman bringing out some buckets. She quickly waved, before turning to set everything up.
He jumped at the boom of Pepper’s voice. As impossible as it seemed, Tony closed his mouth and sat in silence.
“Apple juice for the birthday girl, Sprite for me, and Coke for the boyfriend over there,” Steve ordered. “We’re ready to order, too.”
“Oh, Stevie,” she began, chewing on her nails, “I’m so sorry that this is happening, but you don’t have to decide what you want to do now, and you don’t have to do any of this alone.”
“Okay, great!” Steve began. “Well if you’re free, would you like to grab a drink? I’ve got a lot to process from today, and I find that’s best done with beer and good company.”
As he continued to cart Cora around the room, Tony couldn’t help but feel like someone was watching him. He turned to see Steve sitting at the kitchen table with the most fond smile plastered on his face.
Steve sheepishly smiled back at the redhead before giving a quick nod to remind himself that he was going to be fine.
“Pepper...Pepper!”
Steve playfully pushed him back before standing reaching for the remote to play the next movie. The pair of them sat there, feet propped up on the coffee table in front of them, paying close attention as the movie went on. Tony hadn't noticed it but at some point Steve had moved closer to him. They sat in silence watching the movie, Tony trying his hardest to be more inconspicuous in showing his frightened actions. By the time the movie was over, Tony gave himself a small pat on the back for not freaking out nearly as much as he thought he would. As the credits rolled, he turned to look at the man beside him and finally realized Steve was asleep. He hadn't actually noticed when the blond had fallen asleep, which was surprising considering the man was sleeping on his shoulder.
“Yeah, I can be quite oblivious to these types of things. But also, I didn’t really see this coming either. All I know is that I think you’re cute as hell, and I wouldn’t hate it if I got to take you out on an official date as opposed to whatever you want to call what we’ve been doing this whole time,” Tony said, bumping the smaller man’s shoulder.
“So, you don’t live on campus?” Tony offered.
“I know this has something to do with Howard, because this is exactly what happened between you and I.”
“Look, you know by now that Tony's told us about the baby. Now that everyone else knows, I figured it'd be a good time to talk to you about everything."
“I will do anything and everything to earn your trust back.”
Tony choked on air at that question. Once he was able to stop coughing, he looked at his friend, stunned.
“Alright, look, I’ll see what I can find out for you but I don’t want you to get your hopes up. Thinking someone is attractive and wanting to be in a legitimate relationship are two completely different things. So just be prepared for this to not go exactly the way you hope.”
“Well, I figured it’s the least I can do to make up for the fact that we don’t really get this weekend to ourselves. Plus, I figure you’ll keep coming back if I keep feeding you,” Steve offered, taking a bite of his salad.
“Not much, just poking fun at Steve,” Clint said, holding up the blond’s notebook.
“How may I help you?” The woman asked without looking up from what she was working on. Steve took a second to observe her desk and noticed a name plate:
“Well, now that we’ve gotten all of that out of the way, I’d say we’ve earned a snack. There’s a place inside the market that’s got awesome avocado toast if that’s your thing,” Steve suggested as he stood up.
It had been a full 24 hours since Tony learned that he was going to be a father, and he still couldn’t wrap his head around it. In the back of his mind somewhere he knew he should be more terrified of this than he was, but all he could think of was how he was going to protect what was his. Classifying Steve as ‘his’ was hard enough to come to terms with, and yet still, there was no other way for the alpha to put it. Steve was carrying his child so Tony would have to keep both of them safe, no matter what. Oddly enough, it was that thought, being tasked with looking after two people other than himself that scared the living shit out of the brunet.
“Yeah. I mean I want to hear about all your friends, but this one is new, so I’ve got a lot to learn about him.”
Peggy was trying her best to hide her tears by dabbing at her eyes every so often, but Steve knew.
“Hi,” the blond said, smiling up at him.
“So, I’m thinking,” Tony whispered, as he laid a trail of kisses from the base of Steve’s neck to his ear. “Maybe once we put Cora to bed, we could test out that jacuzzi tub. Y’know, make sure it really does have enough room for two and all.”
“Tony, really...it’s okay.”
“So here we have an IPod. It holds all your music so you can take it everywhere you go. Though I doubt you really need to take ‘Brother Can You Spare a Dime’ with you outside of this house.”
He wanted to remember the way it felt when Steve put the lube on his finger and twirled it against Tony’s entrance. He wanted to remember the way Steve used his middle finger to rub against his prostate while cupping his balls and kissing the head of his cock. He wanted to remember the way it felt when the head of Steve’s cock entered him. He wanted to remember the look on Steve’s face as he pushed all the way in.
“What’ve we got here?” Steve heard from over his shoulder, and nearly jumped 10 feet out of his chair as he turned to see Natasha, smiling. “Jesus fucking Christ, Nat, you scared the shit out of me.” He said, clutching his chest, falling back into his seat. Steve took a quick look around, unable to find his notebook until he glanced up to see it in Nat’s hands. All of the color drained from his face as she read his words. He desperately wanted to ask for the notebook back, but he couldn’t seem to make his mouth work as her eyes danced over the words on the page.
Tony looked at Steve with so much fondness, it actually left the blond momentarily breathless.
Steve followed suit, before a question popped into his head.
“Hey,” Tony answered, with a smile of his own.
“God fucking
“...and all of the emergency contacts are on that list too, so if you need to get ahold of anyone else, for some reason, you’ll find them there. Any questions?” Steve asked, finally stopping to look at his boyfriend. Tony just rubbed the back of his head, giving a nervous smile.
“Dibs on putting her down so you have to clean up the mess!” Tony shouted, scooping Cora up and running into her room. She giggled and kicked wildly. Tony had never loved a person (who wasn’t Steve) as much as he loved Coraline. This little girl was going to be the end of him.
Tony let everything sink in when something suddenly hit him.
“Surprise! Happy birthday!!!” Steve and Cora yelled in unison as they stood in a fully decorated living room. There were streamers, balloons, and even a ‘Happy Birthday Tony’ sign hung. As he walked through the room, taking in all the decorations, Steve gently put Cora down, moving to give him a kiss on the temple.
“No one, he’s just a guy from work,” Steve answered, trying to be as nonchalant as possible. He threw an axe, hoping that the bullseye he made would serve as a distraction.
The scent that Tony had been following engulfed him almost immediately. He wanted to fall to his knees under the weight of it, but managed to step inside the apartment in an attempt to get as close to it as possible. Scanning the room, his eyes suddenly fell on Steve standing there naked, shaking, panting heavily with slick sliding down his legs. It took less than a minute for Tony to realize what he’d been smelling, what he had been after this whole time, was Steve himself.
Tony looked up at Steve, and for a moment, the blond stopped breathing.
Somehow over the course of the last two months, everyone had taken to calling this baby Bug. Steve felt like he should have been bothered by it, but he couldn’t seem to move past how absolutely amazing it was that everyone else was beginning to love this baby as much as he did.
Steve gave Tony a very confused and wary look that only solicited a bark of laughter from the alpha.
“Daddy, look! It’s Ony!”
Once Carol wondered off, Rhodey exchanged a quick glance with Pepper before following his girlfriend, leaving Tony and Pepper alone.
“‘M Cowa.”
“Check the first place you both met and go from there,” Natasha offered, giving Tony a reassuring pat on the arm before turning to address a few rowdy students.
“Yeah uh… it’s a key to my apartment,” Steve offered, clearing his throat while rubbing the back of his head. Tony’s eyes went wide, and Steve scrambled to explain.
“Then how do you know you love him?”
What made this worse, though, was that at least Steve understood why he had been discharged; but for the life of him, he couldn’t understand this. It hurt, realizing that he trusted Tony so completely, but those feelings clearly weren’t reciprocated. Steve supposed he really only had himself to blame here though. Most people didn’t fall in love as fast as Steve did, and as history showed, they certainly didn’t fall that fast for
Tony took a good look at Pepper’s face. Her eyes were puffy and red while a trail of almost dried tears streaked her cheeks.
On another note,
“The same thing I do every night. I’m gunna sit down here and work.”
“Whatever Stark, I didn’t judge you when you told me that your favorite flavor of ice cream is vanilla.”
“Oh…” Steve said in a small voice. Tony knew he should have said something sooner; the look on Steve’s face was enough to break his heart. He hated knowing that he was the reason for that look.
“Then kiss me.”
Tony could see the slightly defeated look on the blond’s face. He tried to school his own reaction, knowing that it wouldn’t help anything if Steve detected a hint of disappointment in his next question. “So you didn’t understand any of it? Not even the videos from last year’s events?”
(a song that exclusively reminded Steve of Tony) on a perpetual loop in his head, Steve had managed to use the song to help him get his feelings out on paper.
“If you have a question, you’re more than welcome to ask.”
The way he asked that question was enough to break Steve’s heart.
“Is this…” Tony began.
“Well yeah, I promised you dinner the first time you came over and you never got it so…”
“Have you seen me lately? Of course he’s interested! Plus, I can tell he’s dying to flirt back he just… doesn’t.” Tony groaned and dropped his forehead to Pepper’s knee.
“It’s 8 on a Tuesday night. Rhodey is out to dinner with his college fraternity friends, and I’m cuddled up on the couch watching Investigation Discovery. You know damn well I’m not busy,” Carol responded.
“I can do you one better,” the omega challenged, “I told my friends about the baby and ended up pinning my best friend to the wall in a choke hold after growling at everyone in the apartment.”
“So, how are things for you and Art First going?” Tony asked as they continued down the empty hall.
“Tony, hon,” Pepper said gently, as she placed a hand on Tony’s shoulder, “why don’t we go outside for a minute, hmm?” she asked, guiding him towards the back door.
“You’re not getting the boots,” Steve explained, fighting to stay calm. After the incident earlier in the summer he’d told himself that he wasn’t going to yell at Coraline again but she was making it very difficult for him.
“You said
“Steve did,” she answered. “He wrote it about you.”
“It really depends on how generous you’re feeling today and if you just want to leave the equations up to give the next class a hand during their pop quiz or not.” Tony replied.
“Not necessarily,” Tony offered, looking contemplative.
“Well, thank you for sharing this with me. Hopefully I’ll get to try more of your favorites soon?” Steve asked, more than stated, almost refusing to meet Tony’s eyes.
The alpha had kept it a secret from everyone that he and Bruce had began seeing each other for a short time while they were in college. Being that Bruce was the first guy he’d ever dated, as well as the first beta he’d ever dated, Tony wanted to keep their relationship to himself for a time. Eventually, he ended things after Howard had threatened to take everything his son had and make his life a living hell. Bruce understood the circumstances, and the two went on as just friends from that point on.
While away, Tony tried his hardest not to text Steve too much, in an effort to avoid saying anything about the whole thing. It was hard, not talking to the man, but it was easy enough to blame hour long meetings or the time difference for the lack of communication. It was a long two weeks, but when he returned home, he received a message from Natasha that they needed to meet, with Steve, as soon as possible. It sounded urgent, so he agreed to meet the next day after work.
“Well, as compelling as this movie is, I’d be willing to miss a little of it, for the right distraction…” Tony offered, moving to be as close to Steve as possible without actually sitting on him.
“Okay...I’m sorry for the way I’ve treated you.”
Steve watched as the tension eased out of Tony. “Alrighty then. First things first. We’re gonna get a bigger apartment. I’d get one just for you but I understand you don’t like me throwing money around so--”
Steve recognized the voice as Tony’s but still jumped upon hearing it. “Oh...uh, I…” Steve stammered, feeling his cheeks burning.
“Well, we were already in the neighborhood, but once we got a text from Pepper about how real the struggle was for you here, we decided to stop by to give you a hand,” Natasha offered.
Dinner was a fairly painless ordeal with only one spilled juice, until chocolate cake was thrown at Steve.
Bucky asked, seemingly popping up out of nowhere. Steve startled, dragging his hand across the pad he’d been drawing on. In that moment, he was endlessly thankful that he’d moved to digital renderings for his work.
To say the look on Steve’s face in that instant was absolutely breathtaking would have been a gross understatement. There was a furrow in his brow for a brief moment, but that gave way to what Tony could only describe as the purest expression of pleasure. He continued for a short time, working one finger in and out of Steve before adding a second.
“You have five minutes,” the omega said, taking a seat in the living room.
-------
to take this farther. I just… I like you a lot Steve, and I want to make sure that we do this right. I don't want to just jump into something like this and make it all about the physical stuff before we're ready."
Tony looked between the two horses and decided on the tan one. “I’ll go with this one, I’ve always had a thing for blonds,” he said, giving a cheeky smile as he climbed atop the saddle. Steve turned to hide his face as he mounted his horse, trying not to let Tony see how his comment affected him.
“Listen, I...I know the last time we spoke, I said a lot of really awful stuff. I can’t even begin to say how sorry I truly am for everything. This massive asshole Tiberius Stone was behind my code being stolen and if it weren’t for the help we got from you and Natasha, Pepper and I would still be trying to figure out who the mole at SI was. I shouldn’t have said any of the things I said about you, I
“Who are you?” Bruce asked around a small laugh.
“So uh… you go right on ahead and I’ll wait here for you,” Tony spoke, looking slightly terrified.
“I um… what?” Steve asked, midway through packing up his things.
“I’m going to fix what I’ve fucked up.”
“I like both of those a lot, actually!” Steve began, in an attempt to brighten the brunet’s spirits “I guess now we’ll need a potential first name if Bug turns out to be a girl.”
“What’s wrong?” Tony asked, narrowing his eyes.
Tony Stark. Half the time it just feels like they’re two separate people with the same name. So no, I'm not chasing after any of that stuff, I'm honestly just interested in Tony.”
Steve sat there for a bit, trying to soak this moment in, as he had done with most of their conversations lately. Going through all of this was surreal enough, but getting to share all of it with Tony made everything that much better.
“That would be correct,” Rhodey said giving a small nod, while extending his hand.
“Hmm,” Sam said, rubbing his chin in thought, “you’ve known this guy for what...a week? How do you already have a crush on him?”
“I heard you talking to your little boyfriend earlier,” Tony’s face fell at those words. Howard picked up on the subtle change in attitude, and grinned. “I hear he has a daughter, too. How cute. You think you’ve found yourself a little family.”
“Alright,” Steve said, slightly defeated. “I’ll do it. I’ll help chaperone the dance.”
“Steve. Can I talk to you alone for a few moments?”
“Coraline,” Steve warned. She deflated immediately waving an unenthusiastic good-bye.
“Let’s see…” Tony pretended to count on his fingers. “None of your business? Yeah, that sounds about right.”
“ONY!” she screeched, immediately throwing her arms up in the air, as if begging to be picked up.
Steve recognized the movement as a tell the brunet had developed well before losing his arm. It meant Bucky was worried, and what’s more, he was worried about
“Yeah, I mean, now is as good a time as any. We’re both clearly free since, we’re here. Why don’t we finish going through the rest of the museum, then go get something to eat?”
something amazing.” Steve said.
(See the end of the chapter for
This wasn’t the first incident, either. After Tony left, she’d refused to continue potty training. However, she didn’t outright say so, so he ended up cleaning up a lot of accidents before he realized he should probably put her back in Pull-ups. She’d started screaming about how she was a big girl and didn’t need diapers.
Sam sighed just as Bucky slowly dragged himself into the room. “Are we having the talk with him?” Bucky asked, holding his head.
“If Pepper’s anything like Natasha, it’s best if you don’t think too hard on anything she does and just be greatful if it benefits you.”
“Okay, well, before all of this started, with Steve and Bug, getting you to share your feelings, let alone your fears, was like pulling teeth. I didn’t even ask for that extra stuff you just shared. You just threw it in for good measure. I feel like that’s a sign that Steve’s good for you. Yeah your parents had a shit relationship but you’re your own person. You don’t have to let their mistakes be yours too.”
“Well, now that we’ve got the gifts out of the way, are you ready to make this cake?” Steve asked, gingerly placing Cora’s picture on the table as he walked into the kitchen. He turned to see a very excited Cora right on his heels.
Steve gave a small wave as he walked towards Tony. “Glad to see you made it on time,” he teased.
“Yeah. I want to.”
Tony had been laying it on extra thick lately too: making sure to wear the most flattering, ass hugging jeans he had; sitting as close as humanly possible during study sessions; “accidentally” brushing up against Steve from time to time, and still, nothing. Had it not been for the fact that every so often, Tony would hear Steve’s breath hitch when they came in contact, or that he’d go red and instantly start clearing his throat at the onset of any flirting, Tony would have given up ages ago.
“So, I get swamped with business trip after business trip for weeks on end only to arrive back in town to news from Rhodey that you’re all smitten with some super buff gym teacher? And now I’m sitting here watching you going through foundation applications without being prompted. What has this man done to you!” Pepper asked around a laugh.
“Yeah! Nasha fun!” She yelled, obviously excited.
“Ahh, thanks, but I'm just gunna shower when I get home and then pass out immediately afterward."
The brunet considered the wide grin on his face, and suddenly felt self-conscious.
They sat on the couch together, silently,  watching some crime show, intently. Once the episode was over, Carol turned to look at Tony before giving him a slight kick.
Once he’d gotten himself together, Steve went out to see what section he’d been assigned for the day. He walked out to his first table and immediately noticed the patron hiding behind a menu. Steve had seen some strange things since he’d started working there, but this was a new one. He just put on his best smile, and made his way over.
Tony stood at a workstation, wearing nothing but jeans, a black tank and goggles as he worked with a soldering iron. At that moment, lyrics sung by Axel Rose began blasting out over the speakers.
“Yes.”
Pepper had asked earlier in the week what colors he had planned for the nursery, and when he didn’t have an immediate answer, she vowed to right this apparent injustice.
Steve cast a look at Fury, seeing the long suffering man pinch the bridge of his nose as he shook his head, before turning to follow Barton. They walked together in silence for several minutes before Steve spoke. “So uhm...nice to meet you, I’m Steve Rogers,” he said somewhat awkwardly.
“I don’t know where he went!” Tony exclaimed.
Tony wasn’t sure what to do with his hands but Steve had no such problem. Within moments, Tony felt Steve’s cold hands under his shirt. Steve broke the kiss just long enough to get Tony’s shirt up and over their heads, along with his own.
“Take this information that I found and sort out this shit with Tiberius. Then, work on winning Steve back.” She leaned over to gingerly place a kiss on Tony’s cheek. “You’ll be able to make this right. I know it.”
“Did you do all of this for us?” Steve asked, amazed.
The pair of them sat at a table in an unseated section for the interview. Once they got started,
cock that did that to you.”
out of this is a child. This may not have been planned, but this baby is just as important to me as it is to Steve. There’s no gimmick or plot here and whether you like it or not, Steve and I have one common goal now, and that’s to keep this baby safe. But I can promise you I will protect what is mine at any cost, don’t ever question that.”
“I don’t need a bigger apartment.”
“I wish Tony was that excited to see me,” he whispered. Pepper tried her best to stifle a laugh, but promptly lost it when Tony just turned around and hissed before sticking his tongue out at his friend.
“He left this, and said to keep the tip...He gave me a $500 tip.”
It took a moment for Natasha to calm Steve down enough to be able to ask her next question.
“How do you know what I want?”
“Yeah yeah, Mr. Muscles, great to see you too,” Tony croaked out, trying not to be crushed to death in his friend’s arms. “Enough with the pleasantries. Nat, how do I know you invited the right guy to this happy hour?”
She’d refused to go to bed at her bedtime.
“Oh?” Tony asked, “What did you see?”
“Well I...sort of started seeing someone, I guess you could say,” Steve began.
“I'm fine guys,” Steve spoke, trying to sound a lot less deveststed than he felt. “Some shit went down last night with Tony, but I'm fine and he’s fine, at least he was when I left the school. Everything is okay, I'm sorry I worried you.”
Tony gently moved Coraline to the spot next to him and walked over to where Steve was pulling a huge, flat
“I hear you’re misbehaving for your daddy,” Tony started once they got comfortable. Coraline crossed her legs and twisted her hands together, bowing her head down. “Is that true?”
“Why’d you just now become ok with finding me attractive?!”
“I thought I told you to cut this foolishness out. You’re a Stark, you’re to marry a
Tony took a deep breath, knowing what he said next would be the final twist of the knife.
“Oh my god, I’m so sorry!” Steve shouted, surging forward and running his thumb along Tony’s blossoming injury. Steve placed a chaste kiss to Tony’s lips.
“Well, since we’ve gotten that out of the way, let’s go eat. I’m starving!”
As Steve continued to eat his lunch, he thought over the events of his day, and realized that the alpha was right. Something truly was not right with him and as badly as he wanted to pretend that he was okay, everyone could clearly see that he wasn’t. Steve knew that nothing was going to get better until he saw someone, he was just terrified of finding out what it was that was wrong.
“Ok, well you clearly have something you wanted to talk about so why don’t we do that then eat?” Bucky offered.
On stage was Going Spaceward, the man who sang the cover of
“Ma, no. I don’t want to just sit here and talk about me.”
“I mean...in the world or where? I’ve been here all day working, and I haven’t really talked to anyone so--”
“I forgive you.”
“Thank you,” Tony said in a small voice.
“For what?”
Tony caught himself gazing at the ring on Steve’s finger, pulling his eyes away to give a questioning look. Steve rolled his eyes and smiled. “You wouldn't get off my back about buying stuff to fill our home with. I told you time and again I didn't need anything other than you, but you never let up. I figured if I started buying garish, tacky decor that you’d eventually tell me to stop or just start throwing them away. When you didn't, I wasn't sure if that was you silently daring me to do my worst or if you were truly okay with them, but by that point I’d developed an association between kitschy turtles and my love for you, so I just kept up with it.”
"So, what time can I expect you?" The omega asked.
Steve woke up bright and early the next morning, to get a head start on his visit. It’d be an hour long drive to the assisted living home where his mom was staying, and he wanted to make sure he’d be able to spend as much time with her as possible. These visits had become so dear to Steve, since they were finally able to get her on a course of treatments that truly seemed to help.
sneakers!” Coraline yelled. She threw the ridiculous boot on the ground and started stomping in circles. Finally she sat down on the floor and started screaming. It wasn’t a yell, it wasn’t a shout, but a blood curling scream. Everyone in the store came rushing to where the sound was coming from.
It seemed that this time, the chance Tiberius took was also one he created himself.
During each visit, they had seen a different doctor, to get acquainted with the delivery staff in the event that the doctor of their choosing isn’t able to help deliver their baby.
“I showed up at his apartment and when I saw him...I realized why he hadn’t shown up.”
“I asked if you wanted something warm to drink once we make it to my place? I can use my phone to get the coffee machine going now.”
Steve stood up slowly, adjusting his now cum stained apron. “I guess we should get dressed before we go about the rest of our day?”
“Huh? We’re where… what?” Steve asked, confused as he fully awoke. Once he took one look at their surroundings he knew exactly where they were.
“What did you want to talk about,
“Well he’s not here anymore, okay? I’m all you’ve got now, so stop acting like a little brat and just do what I tell you to do!” The words and that voice sounded so foreign to Steve that it took a moment to realize that that was
“Wait, hold on,” Steve said, reaching out for Bucky’s arm, “last night you and Tony disappeared somewhere. What’d you say to him?”
Tony moved to quickly jump in front of Steve before he had a chance to do something he might regret.
,” Steve groaned, gripping Tony’s hair harder. It was just shy of painful, but Tony knew that meant the blond was close. He closed his eyes and began to work his throat around Steve, earning himself the most beautiful moans. “Look at you. So perfect,” Steve said through a shaky breath. Tony felt the hand leave his hair, as another hand gently caressed the side of his mouth. “I'm close Tony, I’m gunna —” the blond began.
“I would love to share more of my favorite foods with you,” Tony finally replied, earning a bashful smile from the man sitting across for him.
“What I’m trying to say is...I think maybe things have happened this way because we were meant to be together, and I was wondering if...I mean, when you’re ready of course, but I was wondering if you wanted to be my bond mate?”
Tony scrunched his nose and swatted her hand away, causing Nat to laugh. They sat there in silence for a moment before she stood. “You still have a chance, you know. Don’t give up just yet,” she said before walking out of the room.
Steve graciously took the clothes, and changed quickly in the bathroom. When he left the guest room, he found Tony sitting on the living room floor, coffee in hand as he looked out the window.
“You don’t have to buy things for people to like you, Tony.”
“Well I never! I’ll have you know that I make a habit of rubbing everyone the right way!”
"Well, uhm I'm from New York, I'm an only child, I'm here to study engineering..."
you think Steve’s a good one. Just so I can make sure we're on the same page.”
“I know that Tiberius Stone stole my tech,” Tony seethed. “I know that
“Alright, well if you get to hold her while she falls asleep, is it ok if I read her a story?” Tony asked, taking a seat in the rocking chair closest to the little bookshelf that had been filled with some of their favorite books.
By the time Friday night, rolled around, Steve was buzzing with excitement and anticipation. He couldn’t wait for his dearest friends to finally get to spend time with Tony, but even more so, he couldn’t wait to finally see the man again. As he rode with Natasha, Bucky, Sam and Clint, Steve could barely contain himself.
Hello again friends! Thanks so much for bearing with us with the updates. I'm beyond excited to finally get to share this chapter with you all, so I hope everyone enjoys it!!!
“Ew,” Nat interjected, with a scrunched up face. Steve just raised an eyebrow, looking at her as if to say
“Fuck me. Right here, right now. Let’s break in this apartment. Fuck everywhere.”
“Sure thing, Pep.”
“No! I don’ wanna eat it!”
Tony froze at that. Steve had only ever mentioned his money when he was upset, and he wasn’t quite sure what it was he had done to fuck this up so soon.
“Mmm,” Tony slurred, still trying to take off Steve’s shirt. “Now fuck me. I’m sure the cute little fishies won’t mind.”
Steve would be the first to admit he was definitely underdressed for winter weather, but he’d been running hot lately. No matter how hard he tried he just couldn’t find a way to get comfortable, and he made the grave mistake of only bringing a light jacket.
“Howard Stark, the man, the myth, the absolute nightmare. How have things been out here in California for you? Making the lives of those around you a living hell, I presume?”
He sat in his apartment, making some popcorn and grabbing a bottle of beer before turning on Netflix. He searched through movies, settling on
“The question is ‘What gets harder as it gets colder’ and I promise you, nipples is up there,” Tony answered without taking his eyes off the TV. Once someone finally listened to his suggestion, Tony sat on the edge of his seat waiting to see if he was correct. As the screen turned to show the word, he jumped up and began to dance.
well before this blizzard’s over.”
“Just because I left doesn’t mean I don’t still talk to my friends over there. Word got back to me pretty quickly, actually, but I was waiting for you to fix it up yourself. But now that we’ve gotten all of that out of the way, can I say hi to Cora, or is it too early?” Peggy asked, clearly excited for the chance to see her daughter.
“Where were you guys?” Steve asked.
“We didn’t need your help!”
“No sex, though.”
“Oh god, Tony. Did you buy us a penthouse apartment that looks over the city or something?” Steve joked. Tony bowed his head. “Holy fuck, Tony. You bought us a penthouse apartment that looks over the city.”
“I need you to chaperone the Fall Formal in a couple of weeks,” Natasha said.
most amazing gift. As he left the room to go show off his more that perfect daughter, Tony came to the conclusion that whether he was a fuck up for the rest of his life, at least he was Steve's fuck up, and that was something he could deal with.
“Did he take advantage of you?” Natasha asked, bristling at the thought.
“Because, being on your back isn’t nearly as fun alone,” Steve whispered, before planting a kiss on the Tony’s lips. A shiver went down his spine, though he wasn’t sure if it was from the cold or from the look in Steve’s eyes.
Tony felt himself tense up at the pat on the shoulder Ty gave him before leaving. He had to mentally work through getting his muscles to relax, and yet he still felt some measure of tightness in his chest. Any other day, this feeling may have made Tony think there was something wrong with the arc reactor, but in this instance, he knew this was dread.
“Word on the street is you’re sweet on our resident physics teacher,” Bucky said from under the hood of his car. Steve spluttered, trying to grasp at any word in the English language that might get him out of this, but was only greeted by a laugh from his friend. “Sounds like the word on the street is correct.”
“We’ve gotta stop meeting like this,” Tony said, beaming at him.
Tony polished off his meal, licking his fingers and jumped to his feet. “Sure. A walk will give me a chance to burn off that toast before we get to Bucky and Nat’s.”
“Well, as long as you’re the pleasurable type of pain in my ass, I’ll figure out how to deal with the rest,” Steve offered, mirroring the brunet’s smile.
“Welcome to Olive Garden, can I start off by getting you anything to drink?”
starts in 30 minutes.”
Steve kept that thought in mind as he dressed himself, and made his way to Natasha and Bucky’s apartment. Right as he lifted his hand to knock at their door, he placed his hand on his stomach one more time, promising this baby that no matter what, everything would be ok.
“So, you’re pregnant,” Tony said, trying out the words for himself, but still having a hard time believing it.
“I...what?” Steve asked, now looking shocked. “I don't know who Tiberius Stone is and I certainly haven't been paid to give anyone any information about you. Tony, what's going on?”
“Say hi, sweety.” Steve whispered off screen. Cora just waved to the camera and smiled. “Hi!”
Tony stopped, dead in his tracks, pulling Steve to a stop with him. He turned to face the brunet but before he could get a word out, Tony pulled him in for a deep kiss. They stood there like that for a long moment, before pulling away.
know why I was late, it was because I was meeting with another teacher about them possibly being the robotics team assistant coach.”
"Nah, I'm going to hit the gym a little later with Bucky and Rhodey. Will you be coming back here tonight?" Tony asked, hopeful.
As if on cue, the carousel began to slow down until it finally stopped. Steve dismounted his horse, quickly moving to take Tony’s hand while placing his free hand on the man’s lower back to help him get down.
After two weeks of failed date proposals, Tony was frustrated beyond belief. All he wanted was to go on a nice date with this guy, but the world kept getting in his way.
“What do you want me to do?” Tony asked, trying to calm the man below him.
“Wake up baby, we’re here,” Tony said, turning the car off.
“Natasha….Natasha, Natasha, Natasha!” Tony yelled, practically running down the hallway looking for the foreign language classrooms. Once he finally found the room he was looking for, he burst through the door. “NATASHA!” Tony yelled, clearly scaring the red head as she sat at her desk.
“Yep, it’s the Rembrandt paint set you’d been looking at,” Tony offered, excited.
“Should I marry you now or later?”
“Yeah, well I’d like to be the judge of that…” Buck replied, somewhat under his breath.
When he came back to himself, Steve saw Clint clear across the gym, standing close to a door, waving his arms. “Yoohoo, blondie! Keep up with the tour or get left behind!” Steve rubbed the back of his neck, embarrassed at having fallen behind, before walking towards the shorter man.
“So, do you want to go somewhere or…” Bucky started, following Steve to the elevator.
Steve thought about it for a moment. “Well, actually, I did notice a few things in the clips that you sent.”
Tony moved quickly, wasting no time once he got into the shower. He was in and out in under 20 minutes, which was a personal best for the brunet. He took great care rifling through his closet to pick out something that made him look good without saying he tried too hard, then styled his hair to give off the same impression. Once he was fully put together he took a look at the clock to see that he had fifteen minutes to spare. As if on que, the doorbell rang, sending a mass of butterflies into a whirlwind in Tony’s stomach.
Steve hadn’t been on a date in, oh, two-ish years? He and Peggy… they weren’t meant to end up together. They’d broken up before they’d found out she was pregnant and decided getting back together for the sake of the child would just complicate things more than it would fix them.
“You’re amazing,” he told her frankly.
. His mother’s lady’s maid had told him what to expect from his wedding night back when he’d first presented and run through every omega in the household looking for someone who was both able and willing to answer his questions, but this--this wasn’t that. He didn’t know what the rules for this were, except that he should let Steve look. It wasn’t as hard as he’d thought it would be to keep still. He felt like a rabbit under the stare of a hawk, frozen in place until he knew which way to leap.
Stark wiggled irritably against Steve’s solid hold in search of weak points. When Steve licked the tip of Stark’s nose, Stark hissed at him like an affronted goose. Steve did it again, which earned him a truly indignant huff, and then Stark was rearing up under him, using the leverage of his thighs and hips against Steve’s greater weight. This time Steve let it knock him back to a crouch. Stark was a surprisingly good fighter, sneaky and determined and quicker than he had any right to be. He moved like someone who’d always been smaller than the men he was fighting. Steve knew exactly what that looked like, what that
not,” Steve said, eyes cutting to Loki.
“An intriguing custom.” Thor’s gaze wandered over Steve speculatively.
“Taking that as a yes. Okay. Maybe we can get through this after all.”
Steve broke the stare first. He glanced around the tent, taking in the rest of the tribute Stane had provided, without seeming particularly interested in it. His forehead creased in a thoughtful frown as his hands went to the buckles of his shield harness, undoing the clasps and lowering the shield to the side of the tent’s opening. He unpinned his cloak and draped it over a carved marble statue of a rearing horse that had stood in the entry hall since before Tony’s birth. Tony had always thought the damn thing was hideous, and apparently so had Stane, since he’d taken this as an opportunity to get rid of it.
When he finally had to take in fresh air, he broke the surface of the water and immediately checked in on his teammates. Barton and Romanoff were pressed against the side of the tub, Barton clutching Romanoff’s arm, his head tilted back to rest on her shoulder and his eyes squeezed shut. She pressed kisses against the side of his face while her hand moved slowly under the water. Barton’s arousal was blooming in the humid air, drawing an answering surge of heat from Steve.
“Jarvis stays,” Sam repeated confidently, and bowed to Jarvis, who bowed back.
“Not that I’m complaining. You smell
Jarvis would be safe if Tony did this. He would be safe, and so would Happy and the other household servants that had been the only real family Tony had growing up, and so would Pepper and Rhodey, once they returned to the city. They were both on a diplomatic visit to southern trading partners, but when they came back they would find their home waiting for them, not a blasted, picked-over ruin. Tony focused on that thought and used it to give Jarvis a genuine smile. Jarvis returned it as best as he could, smoothing a hand over Tony’s hair.
“Yeah, please,” Steve said, and wasn’t surprised when Bruce pressed in close immediately, some of the ferocity he’d been suppressing leaking out in the controlled force he used to draw Steve onto his side. Bruce gripped the back of his head in one broad hand and kissed him hungrily. He was being careful, it wasn’t in his nature to be careless, but he was being a lot pushier about kissing than he’d been about coming, not trying to hide the strength in his arms and shoulders. Steve took his cue and gave as good as he got, finally getting his hands on Bruce’s skin. Bruce ran even hotter than he did. Steve pressed into that warmth with greedy eagerness, pleased when Bruce arched into his touches and let himself be drawn down onto the bed. Their kisses slowed and gentled as Bruce relaxed, mellowing fast now that they were skin to skin. Eventually Bruce pulled his mouth away and rested it on Steve’s shoulder, his eyes already closed.
“Not to you.”
“Captain America, swearing?” Tony said, the words an absurd contrast with his dick nudging into position. “What would SHIELD's PR reps say?”
Steve caught his wrist. Tony’s ears roared with a surge of adrenaline as he froze, instinctively bracing for a slap. He’d pushed too far, he
“Or so it worked back in caveman times,” Stark cut in. “These days we’re a little more civilized about courting. Not every unit that gets down and dirty after Mission Accomplished winds up as a pack, and orders come from the brass, not whichever omega in the field has the sharpest teeth. They’re pretty vestigial these days.”
smile when this made Loki snort audibly.
“Foreplay is an art,” Tony informed him, but he slid back up when Steve pulled at his biceps. “Fine, fine, rush job it is, but don’t think this is my best work.”
Once the city’s scouts saw the Captain’s sails approaching over the horizon, Tony knew his fate was sealed.
“Let’s find out.” Romanoff led him to a bathroom (and how she knew exactly where the bathroom of Stark’s penthouse was, Steve wasn’t going to ask). Some concrete dust had blown in under the door and the wall-length mirror had cracked down the middle, but it contained a bathtub four times the size of Steve’s SHIELD bunk, and that was all he cared about. He found the right sequence of buttons to start water flowing after a few false starts and discovered the hot water
Tony’s breath caught. The sensation itself was light, the pressure barely there, but knowing what that touch was going to lead to had him clenching up tight, his heart racing in anticipation of pain.
work. It poured in clear and faintly steaming from three taps at once. He took a moment to admire it, knowing the pristine water would go grimy the minute they stepped into it.
“Yeah, okay, I got that,” Tony snapped, and then immediately stiffened, fighting the urge to cringe away. He darted a fast look at Steve’s face, but Steve didn’t look angry, only--sad? Whatever it was, his face went expressionless a moment later.
“I’m sorry,” Barton gasped, even as his hips twitched up. “I’m sorry, Tasha, I’m so sorry.”
“You--don’t like that smell?” Tony pieced together the what Steve was telling him with the cues he’d given earlier, which were pretty obvious, now that he had an idea of what Steve was reacting to. “When I’m scared. You don’t like how I smell when I’m scared.”
“No,” Steve said softly. He took his hand away and tapped his nose, then shook his head. “No.”
created this problem,” he said, pointing at his own hard cock before jabbing a finger at the tent in Steve’s pants, vaguely aware that he wouldn’t have dared to do this an hour ago but too caught up in his indignation to work up any real alarm. “It’s
Well, now Steve was laughing at him. He was being subtle about it, but the curve of his lips and suspicious tension in his stomach gave him away. That was better than most of the other reactions he could have had to Tony ogling his chest, though, so Tony would count it as a victory.
Great. Perfect. Of all the things to follow Tony from home into his new life, he was getting the demented horse statue that had given him nightmares when he was six.
“Master Stark is ready for your lord’s attendance,” Jarvis said, his voice perfectly even. He was standing in front of Tony, guarding whatever modesty Tony had managed to preserve while kneeling naked and bound in a barbarian’s tent. Bless him for trying.
“Yeah, it’s bedtime,” Tony agreed. He hesitated, then took a deep breath and gathered up the blanket and sheet below him. Most of his other gambits had worked, and even the ones Steve rejected hadn’t actually ended badly. Besides, Tony wouldn’t be Tony if he didn’t push every limit he met. How else was he supposed to know what he could get away with?
Missing left arm, long brown hair--
When they were close enough to the mattress, Steve reversed course, darting forward to hook Stark around the waist and throw him in an overhead arc onto the bed. Stark whooped in delight as he went airborne and flung his arms out wide. Steve jumped right after him so they’d hit at the same time, bouncing down side-by-side on the mattress.
He took the news with every outward appearance of calm. When the city bells had first rung to sound the alarm, Tony had used a spyglass of his own design, more powerful by a factor of ten than the ones used by the city scouts, to survey the incoming threat. By the time a white-faced servant knocked at his door, Tony had already taken the measure of the Captain’s forces. The Captain’s recent battles against Hydra had doubled the size of his fleet. Some of the captured Hydra vessels still showed traces of red paint where Hydra’s tentacled sigil had been hastily scraped off the sides of the ships by the Captain’s troops. With a weary lack of surprise, Tony recognized that the cannons affixed to those ships matched the city’s own most recent designs. Stane had been busy.
Tony ran out of breath as Steve worked his way up the ropes encasing his legs calf to thigh. His movements were even slower and more careful once he was pulling the knots away from the sensitive skin of Tony’s inner thighs, but the delicacy of the movements didn’t stop Tony from feeling every brush of Steve’s fingertips and tug against the rope rippling through his whole body, heat and pressure building with every new touch.
He dropped the flap behind him and stood there in silence, expression unreadable as he looked straight at Tony. The force of his gaze was even stronger now, the uncanny blue of his eyes the darkest thing in his pale face, but Tony was braced for it this time and didn’t let his lungs empty. The Captain seemed
“And you failed. I’ll always stop you. I promise,” she said, and some of the tension in Barton’s face eased. When Romanoff nodded at Steve, he moved closer. “We’ll discuss it later. For now, just relax.” Her forearm twisted and Barton’s breath caught as his back arched.
“Well, since you ask so nicely.” Steve guided Thor’s thick cock to his entrance and sank down, Thor lowering him slowly enough that the stretch was pure satisfaction. Heat kept him plenty open and wet. It was waning now, but he still felt the urge to press close, bracing his hands on either side of Thor’s head and leaning down for slow, melting kisses. Thor returned every brush of lips with ready affection, not shy or constrained at all. Strange that his most alien teammate was also the most straightforward.
him there, keep them
done,” Tony said, arms crossed, when Steve’s laughter had finally died down. “Who would have thought the fearsome Captain was secretly a giggler?”
Steve draped the discarded vest over the edge of his shield and Tony choked back a sudden swell of anxiety at the thought that he might keep going, tunic up and pants down until he was ready to--
A soft thump outside. A wash of cool air as the balcony door scraped open.
“Yeah, come on.” Tony swung a leg over Steve’s lower back and tipped them sideways. Steve went easily now, already acquainted with the way Tony used his body, able to follow his cues. They locked together with Steve on his back and rolled seamlessly into a dirty grind.
Steve paused, then repeated the motion. Tony made an embarrassing noise and squirmed, which just rubbed his back against Steve’s muscular thigh. How was Steve so
“Good night, Captain,” Tony said.
. Tony had heard nearly as many gruesome tales about the Winter Soldier, the Captain’s right hand man, as he had about the Captain himself. The Winter Soldier had carried out a lot of the rumored beheadings. Tony had been skeptical about that--beheading wasn’t exactly easy, and managing it with one arm would be even harder--but now, looking at the hard, muscled body in front of him and the axe strapped to the man’s back within easy reach of his remaining arm, his doubts were fading.
Tony bit the side of his tongue, hard, the pain enough to distract him from the memory before he did something appalling like beg Jarvis not to leave him. He wasn’t a child anymore. He was saving his city. He could do this.
, to keep restraint not through tension but through looseness, but the need to not spook Bruce still applied, and he hadn’t invited Steve to touch him. Steve arched his back instead, flaunting his bare throat, making himself a canvas.
to the Captain.
“Eat? No? Eat.” Sam beckoned Jarvis forward.
to work with you, here. I’m just trying to make sure you get what you want and I get hurt as little as possible in the process, which would be a lot easier if you would
Steve let him get almost within snapping range before rolling them over until Steve was on top again and pinning Stark’s hands to his sides. If Stark had squirmed to get away he would have let him go, but Stark just moved further into Steve’s space, shoving up with an elbow and doing a tricky sideways throw. Steve let it rock him back for a moment, then flopped right down on top of him, wonderfully skin-to-skin.
Tony wasn’t going to let that happen. One life in exchange for many: the math wasn’t remotely difficult.
“Uh, hi,” Banner said slowly. “Are we interrupting?” His weight was balanced on the balls of his feet, like he’d turn around and walk right out if someone said yes.
But that was a thought for another time. For now the battle was over, his team had won, and he could take a night to revel in their united strength, in all that they could do to help each other and the world.
people, even if he knew once he presented that he’d never rule them himself. He was still a Stark, and Starks were made of iron.
Bruce couldn’t be rushed. He was wary of anything that felt like pressure, quick to run rather than risk a trap. Tony had tried to woo him as soon as they met, luring him in with promises of scientific paradise and a home among equals, and Bruce
“I tried to kill you.”
“Barton,” she said, and then Clint was crawling over the bed towards him. He was still sleepily uncoordinated, but there was nothing shy or uncertain in his firm grip on Steve’s erection. His mouth followed a moment later. Steve groaned and twined his fingers into Clint’s hair, careful not to yank but needing the contact, needing to touch. Clint rested his elbow on Steve’s thighs and sucked leisurely, drawing off to tongue at Steve’s slick hole for long minutes before mouthing at his cock and sliding back down. Steve threw his head back while he came, his eyes squeezing shut as his mouth dropped open, his back bowing up against the mattress for long moments before he collapsed back down and went boneless.
“Probably a difference in hormonal build-up based on the duration of the fight, or the length of intervals between heats, or--what am I saying, it’s no use theorizing
“Until our paths next cross,” Tony echoed, his voice hoarse.
The others had all gone quiet, apart from the soft rasp of sleeping breaths, and the air was full of the scent of satiation. Everyone had gotten what they needed. Steve let his eyes slip shut.
He glanced again at his new teammates. Romanoff nodded at him, Barton waiting for her response before giving his own nod. They’d probably done this before; SHIELD had plenty of omega field agents. No problems there. Stark and Banner were alphas, who could be touchy about this sort of thing, and they were the most likely to have objections on personal grounds--Stark because of their disaster of a first meeting, Banner because he had so clearly wanted to avoid getting involved in any of this, until he came back at the last minute.
“You’re late,” Steve said.
Romanoff shook her head, but passed Steve the shampoo bottle after squirting a generous amount into her own palm. “He could use a hand,” she said, nodding at Barton.
. “Based on that bard’s tale from last midwinter, I’d wondered how closely he would match a literal devil, but he seems human enough.”
Steve laid down on his side immediately. He left his head propped up on an elbow, but the rest of him rested flat against the tent floor, one leg extended and one knee bent into a comfortable sprawl. His eyes were still on Tony, and he was smiling a little.
“Edwin Jarvis,” Jarvis said, and bowed slightly. Sam bowed back.
The intricate ropes were a welcome distraction from the force of Steve’s gaze. Tony could feel the weight of them as he breathed and could see how Steve’s eyes slid along them, tracing the lines of deep red and bright gold. It made him feel less naked, even as they drew Steve’s attention to every part of his body, from the sides of his throat all the way down to his wrists and ankles. He braced himself for the sight of a knife, knowing that once Steve got tired of looking at them he would need a blade to cut them away, unless he was going to just push Tony over and--
Steve snapped to awareness with a surge of adrenaline, his lips curling back in a snarl. A
“I--what?” Tony squirmed a little, and Steve let him wiggle but put a hand on his back when Tony tried to pull away. Tony slumped back down and Steve made a satisfied noise. “Seriously,
“You should be honored,” Stane had told him, after the summit had ended and the Captain had withdrawn from the hall back to his campgrounds outside the city. “I know it’s not what we’d hoped for for you, Tony, but with this sacrifice you’re saving the city.”
scared.”
. Are they always that intense?”
“I’ll like it,” Steve said, watching Bruce’s face, “being marked like that. Smelling like you.”
“Tony?”
“Yes,” Tony had said, immediately and steadily. He’d been raised right, despite Stane’s interference and Howard’s drunken indifference, and he knew his duty to the city’s people.
After a few minutes of searching, Steve made a satisfied noise and came back with an armful of blankets and cotton. There must have been a linens chest included with the rest of the tribute; with a pang, Tony recognized the wobbly flowers on the sheets he’d embroidered himself. The flowers had started out as gears, until his tutor had reviewed his work and made him go back and add petals and leaves. They were supposed to be part of his marriage trousseau, something he’d bring to his husband’s household. It made sense that they’d been sent along with him now. This was as close to marriage as he was ever going to get.
comment. Was that how everyone thought these days, or was it just that Stark was a civilian? It was hard to understand what a victory heat really meant until you’d gone through one. Steve hadn’t had a clue himself, not until he’d rescued Bucky and returned to camp with all the other freed prisoners and started glowing with heat pheromones right there in the command tent. Peggy and Bucky had hustled him off to a quarantine room, and between the two of them, they’d--
Clint sat back and wiped his mouth casually with the back of his wrist, smearing the wetness rather than eliminating it. The
, he was just
Not that it really mattered. There wasn’t anything Tony could do about it if the Captain lived up--or down--to his reputation. The rope was just a more literal representation of the ways Tony was already bound.
“And the end tables being sent to time-out?” Stark asked, waving at the furniture in the corners of the room.
reassured, but he could recognize that it was a nice gesture. “Captain
“Scared, no,” Steve said, then held up a hand when Tony opened his mouth. He said something else, keeping his hand held palm-up, then rolled onto his feet. Tony stayed where he was as Steve rifled through the chests of tribute.
“You don’t have to,” Steve said. Tony was doing something
“I’m not sure that would be a good idea,” Bruce said, even as his dick twitched, bobbing a little higher above the thatch of salt and pepper hair between his legs. “The other guy is pretty tired, but it’s been a very strange day, and I feel pretty worked up right now.” Every word was even and quiet, but Steve could see the strain in how carefully still his body was, evidence of Bruce’s deliberate control.
Steve grinned and tackled him to the carpet. Stark yelped in surprise, but Steve was careful about how they landed, cushioning Stark’s head and taking an elbow to the chest so Stark wouldn’t bang it on the floor. They were all bruised enough already, and the last thing Steve wanted to do was add more hurts.
Steve didn’t have to tell her to go ahead take what she wanted; she read it straight off his face. Her hands pinned his wrists above his head as her smile went wider.
Tony fought like a man who’d always been smaller and fucked like he was being graded. Something to prove,
when Tony told them how to improve the city’s defenses. But no, they couldn’t take weapons advice from an
learning the language as soon as he possibly could, this mutual incomprehension was
Steve didn’t say anything as Tony crossed the tent and dropped his blankets next to Steve’s, and Tony kept his head down to avoid his eyes. He laid down on his side about a foot away from Steve, close enough to feel Steve’s body heat on his back before he pulled the blanket over himself.
“We could depart without delay, if there’s a reason for haste. It will take mere moments for the bifrost to open.”
about coming back to help with the clean-up. It wasn’t until they were back inside Stark’s penthouse, the wormhole closed, the nuke dispatched, and the architect of the invasion still lodged in a Loki-shaped crater in the floor, that Steve noticed his body was running warm.
“Hey,” Steve said softly. He rested his hands on her thighs, his palms open and exerting no force. “We
“Oh, of course, Uncle Obie. I’ve always known my duty,” Tony said, stressing the
“I will take him back to Asgard, where he will face justice for his crimes.” Thor gave the Avengers an embarrassed
“Kind of a big fight,” Steve said dryly. He checked in on the others; Romanoff looked calm, Barton thoughtful, both of them standing close to each other and a little apart from the others. Banner had a red flush climbing up his neck and was avoiding everyone’s eyes, but apart from the blush that was normal for him, from what Steve could tell. Thor just looked nonplussed.
were nervous, and then unbuttoned his pants.
Jarvis gave up on pretending that the ropes needed any more adjusting. His professionally deadpan face couldn’t hide the worry in his eyes.
done this before. “No waiting for the bath.
. That would make them look weak. So the sun-amplifying mirrors that could blind incoming raiders and the quick-reload crossbows Tony had designed remained dusty prototypes in the workshop everyone politely pretended Tony didn’t have, and when the Captain’s raiders came calling, it was Tony’s ass, not his brain, that would save the day. Truly, such an honor.
touched them.
“First thing tomorrow morning, vocab lessons. I hope you’re ready for me to point at everything in sight and demand nouns.” Tony yawned prodigiously and scrubbed his cleaner hand over his face.
“Oh,” Tony said, relief and excitement washing through him. “Yeah, okay. This is good. This is great.”
Natasha’s laugh, scratchy and surprised, was a delight to hear. Steve took a moment to savor it while he pulled in a deep breath. He ducked under the water and went straight to work, nuzzling and lipping the tip of Clint’s dick and wrapping his hand around the base when Natasha let go. Her hand moved up to stroke Steve’s cheek instead. He tilted his head into the touch and took Clint in deeper.
Once everyone was washed up and Clint really did almost fall asleep, Steve climbed out of the tub and headed for the master bedroom, ignoring the questions Stark yelled after him. The mattress on the bed was sized for a whole pack, Steve was pleased to see, and there was plenty of floor space in the room. He dragged the mattress off the frame and pushed all the furniture clear to the sides of the room.
Steve’s lips brushed softly against the side of his throat. Tony tilted his head and let the arm holding the spyglass swing down to his side. “Enough time for breakfast in bed?”
Steve made a frustrated noise and said something to Clint, who replied with something that made Steve’s face smooth back out.
.” Tony hoped whoever was in charge of cleaning Steve’s gear had some kind of trick for scent masking, because everything in the tent was going to be
“Yes,” Tony blurted, “please, yes, let Jarvis come with us, please.”
“This is going to take a while, I hope you realize.” Tony knew he was babbling, but he was too nervous to stop now, not unless Steve
true about the Captain, apparently, was that he gave the cities he targeted a chance to negotiate before it came down to open warfare. The peace summit had been successful. Stane had bribed the Captain to pass over their city for the next three years, and Tony was part of the bribe. Not just part of it: the centerpiece. The tent around him was full of chests and sacks that held more material wealth, jewels and silks and ingots of silver, but Tony was the one kneeling in the center of the rug trussed up like a prize pheasant.
Tony blew out an exasperated breath and crossed his arms. “Well, I don’t know how to tell you this, buddy, but you’re kind of utterly terrifying. No offense. I’m sure it works well for you on the battlefield and all, but I’m not going to just get over my maidenly nerves if you shush me a few times before we get busy.”
Jarvis hummed and indicated that Tony should hold still with a fingertip on his shoulder. The ropes encasing his legs and everything in between them were all in place now, thank God, and they were onto the safer territory above Tony’s waist, Jarvis’ hands heartbreakingly gentle as he finished the bindings. Stane had sent one of his personal servants to do the work of getting Tony ready, but Jarvis had blocked the tent’s opening and said “I shall attend to Master Stark,” with such icy civility that the servant had bowed out without a word of argument. The servant had left a book instead, the page open to the rope design Jarvis was faithfully replicating. As embarrassing as it was, Tony was glad it was Jarvis and not a stranger applying the ritual bindings. Jarvis’ hands had never hurt him.
“What?” Stark said, spinning around theatrically to look behind him. “Are there aliens still kicking around? Another nuke? An earthquake, the rapture, what is it, where’s the fire?”
Steve dug his teeth in a fraction, then let go, satisfied that Thor had accepted his rebuke. He would have liked to have more of a tussle--Thor would be a joy to wrestle with, skilled and beautiful in motion and able to stand up to every bit of Steve’s strength--but Thor was relaxed under him, content to lounge under Steve while he did all the work.
Steve blinked at him, then stretched both his arms above his head, rolling onto his back like a cat. His tunic rode up around his ribcage, and Tony had a brief, probably-suicidal urge to rub his belly and see what happened, which receded quickly once he actually looked at Steve’s belly and--lower regions. “Okay, I guess it is working for you. Wow,” Tony said, staring down at the bulge tenting Steve’s pants. “Um. Well, that’s. Intimidatingly large. I hope you wear a codpiece when you’re fighting, because seriously, that’s kind of a big target there.”
“Sorry,” Tony mumbled. God, he was a mess. Yelling at his--whatever Steve was, liege lord, alpha, owner,
“A worthy custom,” Thor murmured, his arm curling around Steve’s back. “I thank you for honoring me with it.”
,” Tony squeaked, when Steve’s hands, which had been slowly meandering over Tony’s chest and arms, massaging circulation back into every inch of his skin, rubbed over his nipples. The sensation sent a shock of heat through him that he wasn’t remotely prepared for, and he resisted the urge to glare at his own chest. They’d never done that when
“You don’t want me to
city. Remember the bard last winter, the one Obie kept inviting back to give command performances?” The bard’s tale of the Captain’s siege of Azzano was one of Stane’s favorites, and he’d commissioned performances of it so often that the whole household knew it by heart. Nothing boosted morale like hearing about your neighbors and former rivals getting crushed by the Captain’s merciless barbarian army, apparently.
“An hour, maybe two if the wind slackens.”
Natasha mumbled something in Russian, groped around without opening her eyes, and squeezed Steve’s ankle. Thor let out a window-rattling snore and rolled over, waking Bruce up via landing on top of him. He jerked upright when Bruce reflexively elbowed him in the ribs and rolled off the edge of the mattress with an indignant grumble.
“Jarvis stays,” Sam said, sounding happy about it. He was carrying a canvas sack over each shoulder. The archer was staggering along behind him under the weight of an enormous wooden chest that Tony recognized from his own bedroom.
The two men conferred, then the Winter Soldier stepped out of sight. The alpha stayed at the tent’s entrance, not coming inside, and he kept his eyes on Tony’s face, not dipping down to look at any of the skin revealed below his neck. He put a hand on his own chest. “Sam.” He dropped his hand and looked at Tony. “Stark.” He looked at Jarvis and waited.
“Got used to doing this behind enemy lines,” Steve said, a little dazed. “It’s hard enough just keeping the smell under wraps.” He hooked his calf around Clint’s waist, relieved when Clint relaxed into the loose hold. Automatically, he did a quick headcount: Natasha was curled up with Tony, his hand moving busily in between their bodies while she bit his ear, Clint was tucked safely between Steve’s legs and absently sucking his fingers clean, and Bruce--
Talk about mixed fucking blessings.
, that would be even better. It would take a while, but in the meantime the hot water would ease sore muscles and fresh bruises, and the delay would give Steve’s heat time to simmer. The anticipation was just as good as the heat itself, as long as he had partners to share it with.
, Tony thought, locking onto his new target, who was currently receiving concerned back-slaps from Steve. The archer waved him off and straightened.
All the defenses looked just as he remembered them, aside from a few new wall repairs and even more patches that were starting to crumble. Stane hadn’t changed much. He always did prioritize external sales over internal investments.
The move was unexpected enough that it jarred Tony out of his spiraling panic. Steve sat on his heels and kept talking, his voice gentle. His hands were palm up on his thighs.
“Enough for round one.” Steve slid down far enough to ruck up Thor’s tunic and slide his hands up Thor’s thighs and stomach. Thor was wearing
. That already put him in a very small and select club, and as Tony’s fear was easing back, his curiosity was growing.
“I think Nat might be able to help with that,” Bruce said, again, looking at Natasha with a smile.
, speed walking through the rain. He found the pair sitting at a table in the back, and was excited to make his way to them until he saw the apprehensive look on the blond’s face. He stopped once he reached the table, trying not to let his smile falter.
“Look I...have some things I need to explain to you all. I just need you to let me get through what I need to say before anyone else says anything, alright?”
“Oh?”
Peggy waved as she left the two men standing with the little girl. Tony turned to look at Steve, but before he could speak the little girl woke up. She extended her hand to grab Steve’s nose and as she did so, Steve let out a small sigh.
Tony bounced up and down in Steve’s lap. “You’re going to
“Nana… Nana died last night.”
“Yeah, I was going to leave a few days early to spend some extra time with my family, but I’d be more than happy to stick around and make sure you’re good,” Sam chimed in.
But as hard as he tried, and for all the planning he did, he’d always remember one thing: no matter how perfect the party is, he’ll still be Tony Stark. He would still be a professional at fucking everything up. It was that thought, that realization that he couldn’t run away from himself no matter how hard he tried, that caused him to overcompensate.
“No, it’s ok. I’ve been so blessed with the family that I have in my ma and my friends so it hasn’t been anything that’s really bothered me much. I just always figured I’d be alone. Then you come along and it’s like my whole world was turned upside down. I hadn’t even thought about what could happen when we first met. Thinking about it now, I don’t see how we didn’t figure this out sooner,” the blond gave a small laugh at that.
“I’m sure your friends have been trying their best to help, but I know Tony better than anyone, and I really think you deserve to have the full picture before you decide if you want him out of your life.”
“You come here and immediately start attacking me, making all of your accusations,” Howard began, “but what I want to know, what I want to ask is why you didn’t think it important enough to tell me that I’m going to be a grandfather.”
“I don’t think it works that way, sweetheart.”
The brunet decided to walk a bit to clear his head and figure out exactly what he was going to do for Steve that night. He had eight hours to go shopping, get his house in order, and prepare dinner. It sounded like more than enough time, and yet Tony almost broke into a sweat thinking of all the possibilities and all that needed to be done. He quickly took a mental inventory of what he knew he had in the house and what he could quickly do with it all. Thankfully, he had all of the ingredients he needed to make one of his favorite meals.
“Yeah.”
“Ah, it’s no trouble, but you should really probably head to the doctor. I mean, I’m the type who hates going to the doctor unless it is guaranteed that I will be cured of whatever ailment I have the second I leave, but it seems that something might really be wrong here. So...just go to doctor and see what they have to say.”
is my daughter and her name is Coraline.”
Merry X-mas,
“Thanks so much for watching her for me, Nat,” Steve said, reaching for his wallet. Natasha just rolled her eyes and shook her head.
?” Rumlow laughed, looking at Steve. “Listen, sweet thing, why don’t you come home with me so I can show you what being with a
Steve led the way through the very small garden, as they walked in a companionable silence, and once they came across a semi secluded area, they took a seat.
“I was practically cornered, ok? Your girlfriend tried to bribe me with tea and honey, then Stark came over and essentially guilted me into saying I’d go. Now I have to or else I’ll let the team down. Ugh!”
“Keep your voice down or I’m kicking you out right now,” Steve whispered, angrily. Tony gave a small nod in apology before continuing.
“You need to come to the hospital with me, now,” Bruce answered, moving towards the sidewalk to hail a cab.
“You smell so fucking good, baby. Give me ten more minutes and we can head home so I can spend the rest of the evening taking you apart,” Tony whispered, nibbling the omega’s ear.
Steve sighed heavily, taking in the hopeful looks they gave him. He really didn’t want to agree with them, but they were right. Eventually he would have to face Tony; better to do it sooner rather than later.
“Oh there’s a cafe right next door, we can go there.”
Hogan looked at Steve with a critical eye, before giving a single nod. “Alright. Elevators are straight ahead,” he said, pressing a button under the desk that seemed to open up the elevator doors.
Steve opened the door for Tony. He walked through the doorway but turned to say his goodbye.
The two of them made their way to Steve’s car in his apartment garage. Natasha requested the keys, as she was the only one who knew where they were going, and Steve obliged. They drove in silence for a good twenty minutes before Natasha parked in a public lot, surrounded by various shops.
“Because I haven’t had many opportunities.”
“Which is something only rich people say.” Steve pulled back when Tony reached for his hands. He regretted it immediately because, going by the look on Tony’s face, he’d really hurt him by that simple movement.
The last time he saw Pepper, she was carrying the last of her things to the moving truck out front.
“Shit Steve, I'm gunna come. Fuck,
“Look, Cora just pooped in her diaper and I have no clue how to change it. She’s miserable right now because she’s uncomfortable. I’m miserable right now because it smells horrendous and she won’t stop crying. Please just help me! Did you just… are you
Tony rolled his eyes and practically sulked his way to his desk. He could feel Natasha’s eyes on him the entire time and once he sat in his chair, he was met with her calculating glare.
Tony felt himself back down, immediately, at the look Pepper shot him.
“Well his friend Carol was coming over, but he said he had to bribe her with dinner to get her to come over and talk, so I made mention of the fact that I have yet to get dinner and I talk to him constantly. He brought up his questionable cooking skills so I threw it out there that maybe I should do the cooking then he responded with ‘it’s a date’.”
“No…” the brunet answered, in a somewhat moody tone. Once he looked up, he saw that Steve was beaming. “What?” He asked slightly confused.
“I wish I could say that I was, but I’ve still got to figure out a more permanent solution to daycare for Cora while I’m in class,” Steve answered walking into the supply closet that also served as the employee coat room.
put on the brakes?”
“Uh, sure?”
. It’s just...I’m not...you don’t want to do this, not with me. Mason, she’s a gift, a literal gift, but you getting pregnant wasn’t some act of divine intervention bringing us together.  It’s just something that happened, and as happy as I am that it did, it doesn’t meant that we should be bond mates.”
“You sure.”
"You literally bought me four shots at the bar last Saturday," Natasha deadpanned.
,” Tony spoke, trying to convey how frantic of a situation this really was.
Once Steve gave him the go ahead, Tony added a second finger. Every so often Steve would flinch, but when Tony said that he’d gladly stop and turn the tables, Steve urged him on. Then, all at once, Tony’s fingers brushed against Steve’s prostate and Steve bucked off the bed.
“Tony…” Pepper interrupted.
“So...see you tonight?” Tony asked, just to confirm that he indeed was being given a second chance.
“I figured it’d be a good time for you to actually open him up to turn the switch on.”
“You must be Steve Rogers,” the woman said with a kind smile.
“I love you too, Tony.”
“Well, I’m adapting to your sense of humor, so either stop teaching me how to be sarcastic or learn to deal with it.”
“I...thank you, sir,” Steve responded, voice a little shaky.
“Well no, I just figured since you haven’t left the workshop in over 24 hours, you might be hungry.”
Once they finally got to the restaurant, Tony stepped out of the car, moving to open Steve’s door.
“Who’d you get to help out?” Rhodey asked, eyes narrowing as Tony flinched at the question. After a moment of consideration, Rhodey’s eyes went wide with realization. “Hot gym TA guy?! No! Does he even know a thing about mechanics or engineering?!”
Tony plopped down at his desk, beginning to working as hard as he could to keep his mind off of things. He didn’t come up for air for several hours, but when he did, he made note that it was almost time for Steve to stop by to ask about lunch. Tony heard the telltale footsteps making their way towards his desk and he shut his eyes as he held his breath. The footsteps stopped right at his desk, and he opened his eyes to see a very irate looking Natasha staring down at him.
As Steve made his way through the house, it dawned on him that he hadn’t really seen much of Tony all night. Aside from during their group photos, Tony was seemingly busy entertaining everyone who wasn’t Steve. The blond didn’t know why that fact irked him the way it did but after all the fuss over him showing up, he figured Tony would have at least said hello. Steve tried not to think too much about it as he made his way up to the main level of the house and out on the back deck.
“You okay there, Steve?” Clint asked, refilling the soda for his table.
“I’ll get you some water and something to eat, while you rest,” Tony said, leaning over to give Steve another kiss before getting out of bed.
“Oh? Well my name’s Rumlow. Figure you should know what name you’ll be screaming when you’re riding my knot later tonight.”
“I love you, too.”
“Cause ‘m Ony and daddy’s nugget,” she answered, now slightly nervous with all the attention on her.
“Please. Please, Steve. I love you. Please. I’m so sorry. Please.”
“Uh…yeah, that night. Well Tony had gotten to drinking while we were talking. One thing led to another and he… Uh, he kissed me.”
“Jealous?!” Rhodey gasped, mock offended, “Please, the more this guy deals with your ridiculousness, the less I have to. In reality, I owe this guy a fruit basket for taking you off my hands.”
Everyone’s jaw dropped at that.
“Babe, just stop.”
It seemed as though the car ride was significantly shorter the second time around, but once they reached Steve’s apartment, he just grabbed Tony’s hand and led him up in silence. Neither of them said a word until they’d made it to Steve’s couch.
This will be the last chapter for a few weeks. Read the end of the chapter notes for more information
“You already apologized, and I forgave you.”
"Alright, so, honestly I’ve been avoiding bringing this up for months now,” Tony started, causing all of the blood to drain from Steve’s face, “but...uhm...you’ve heard of Stark Industries before, right?”
The brunet peeked one eye out from under his covers to look at his friend.
“I would say, that I’ve known exactly who you were since the first day I met you.”
“Steve, are you okay?” Bucky asked, concerned.
known he wouldn’t do anything like this. I mean, Ty clearly had to pull some really shitty stuff to make all of this happen. The guy who actually helped him was desperate, otherwise I doubt he would have ever done something of this sort.”
“Tony… did you… are we going ice skating at Rockefeller Center?!” Steve could barely contain himself at this point.
The alpha sat there in silence, looking down at the table. Steve followed his eyes to their hands, and immediately drew his hand away, as if he’d been burned.
“Will do, sir,” Happy replied with a sorrowful smile.
Steve saw the smallest flicker of a look between Tony and Peter out of the corner of his eye. A little confused, the blond just ignored it in favor of progressing the conversation. “I’m not doing anything that afternoon, if you’d like to go together.”
“See you tonight.”
“Tony...hey!” Steve spoke.
“This is too much, I can’t except this. Where did you even get the money for this?” Steve asked, running his hands over the beautifully crafted wooden box that held the art supplies.
“Hey,” the taller man said, walking into the apartment.
Steve knew that with any other alpha, those words would have been met with anger, but Tony wasn't like any other alpha. On the surface, he looked to be a small alpha with a smooth face and thin frame, but underneath it all was an abundance of wiry muscle capable of lifting and building some of the most intricate machines known to man. Tony didn't fit the conventional idea of what an alpha looked like, but that's part of what drew Steve to him. He was unapologetically confident in his appearance, which was sexy as hell. That kind of confidence was a quality Steve wished he had for himself. Despite always being told that he had the ideal physique for an omega, he always felt self conscious about his petite frame. To look at them, he and Tony made quite an interesting couple, but Steve wouldn’t change a thing about them for anything.
“We need to talk...now.”
Steve silently cursed the fact that Natasha knew everything about him and his life, thanks to her relationship with Bucky. He had no real excuse to get himself out of this and she knew that. He wanted to protest, when a thought hit him. “Did you say
“Thanks, and I hope your, uh, Nana gets better soon,” Tony spoke, still trying to make sense of this.
Sarah frowned at that, to which Steve was quick to clarify.
“Hon, I’ve got this. Cora and I are the best of friends at this point, and we’ll be just fine. Now get to work before you’re late.”
“And yet there is,” Tony answered, picking at the food on his plate.
“What’s wrong with Olive Garden?” Tony asked, unlocking the door once they’d reached his car.
“You wouldn’t…” Howard spoke, narrowing his eyes.
"Ow, what?! I'm just saying what everyone else is thinking!"
Steve followed along, picking up his bag and bringing it with him. He stepped into the bathroom to change into his pyjama pants and a thin t-shirt before brushing his teeth. When he emerged, Tony sat on the right side of the bed, scrolling through his phone as he sat under the covers. Once Steve joined him, Tony moved to lay down, putting his phone on the night stand as he reached for the light switch. “Good night, Steve,” he said softly.
“Why do you always get so weird when I talk about money? Money isn’t a thing for me and I don’t want it to be a thing for you, either. I want to spoil you and your child rotten, but since you won’t let me do that, at least let me give you the best life you can have!”
Tony rushed home and got to putting everything he needed together. Dinner was going to take about seven hours in his slowcooker, but that gave him enough time to get the rest of the house in order. The alpha ran around the house, straightening up and sorting through everything to come up with what he thought might be the perfect date. Before he knew it, it was already 6 and he still had yet to shower and change.
, Steve chanted over and over in his mind.
“Well I’m glad that both of us were wrong, but why are you going to the bar to see this guy?”
“Apologize to your daddy.”
They walked in silence, enjoying the weather and the lovely scenery. Once at the lake, they took a seat at a table shaded by a large tree.
Tony was met with a growl that quickly reminded him who was boss, and sat down in the closest chair without even thinking about it. Coulson was the type of alpha who never really liked to show his gender, so when he tried to show dominance it was for a reason and you knew he wasn’t to be messed with.
Tony cringed at the sound of Howard’s snark and sarcasm. He turned and gave his most obviously fake smile.
“Either you know how much I love wine, or this is an indication of what I’m going to have to sit through,” the blonde said, taking her seat.
“Is this what you were looking for?” Tony purred. Steve tried to utter a response but as soon as he opened his mouth, Tony’s fingers slid across his prostate, drawing a low moan from him.
“Why didn’t you ever say anything about this?” Steve asked, all anger completely gone from his voice.
Natasha bit her lip for a second, considering whether or not she really wanted to ask, but gave a sigh when she finally decided to go for it.
“You guys are too fucking much,” was all he could get out before a short string of poorly hidden giggles fell out of his mouth.
It was only a minute before Steve came to, feeling Tony continuing to thrust into his fist. Steve wrapped his free hand around the back of Tony’s head, pulling it closer to worry the skin in his neck. He kissed and sucked the area, nuzzling it with his beard, before he moved to whisper “Tony.” The moan that earned him encouraged Steve to do it again. “Tony, come for me, please.
“Wha...how?!” Steve asked, astonished that his mom put it all together.
“Brucie, I swear, you’re lucky that you’re one of my favorites.”
Pacing back and forth across his living room. The small apartment seemed smaller as he fought to breathe. ‘Something I need to tell you’ and ‘It’s nothing good’ were both phrases that were very not okay.
With that, Steve began telling his mother all about Tony. He talked about the rest of his friends as much as he could, but Sarah seemed to be the most interested in Tony, which Steve really didn’t mind. When their time came to an end, they walked back to Sarah’s building, a comfortable silence filling the air. Once at her apartment, Steve helped his mom out of her chair. They made quick work of their goodbyes, as Sarah had become extremely tired, and Steve wanted to get started on the drive home at a good time. He promised to be back as soon as he could, while hugging Sarah goodbye, to which she replied to tell all of his friends, especially Tony, that she said hello.
Sam looked at them both and frowned. ”What? Don't tell me you get uncomfortable being called friends. I thought we were over this already. I got over you throwing me in prison, I'm sure you've gotten over Steve beating you up, after you, you know, tried to end his boyfriend,” he addressed the last part to Tony before turning to Steve. ”And I know you care for this guy.”
Steve detangled himself carefully from Tony and rose up from the bed.
He wasn't well versed in kissing – or anything else they were in the process of doing – but every move of Tony's lips, every sweep of his tongue brought forward an answering reaction.
Steve wondered if Tony had meant it in a wider context than just the position they were in but didn’t ask. He was too comfortable for any serious talk.
Barnes sort of glared and smiled at the same time. ”Real nice.”
He’d said it once, he could say it again. “I’m in love with you.”
Steve seemed to think it over. "I don't think you've ever been on first name basis with anyone. Nickname basis, now, that's a different thing."
“We took care of each other,” Steve said. “We shared our bodies, our wants. I know what the skin on the back of your neck tastes like and I’ve had your laughter reverberate inside my mouth. Frankly speaking, you giving me a hand, while nice, is not what I repeat inside my head about that day when I go to sleep.”
A sound of a barely there gasp broke Tony out of his abstracted monologue. Turning his head he saw Bucky Barnes standing in the doorway, a distinct deer-caught-in-the-headlights look on his face.
“Jarvis, help me here,” Tony mumbled, as he disassembled the holographic laser weapon.
Tony frowned. ”Well, yeah.” For a moment it seemed like there was something else he might say but he finished with: ”The car’s probably here, we should go.”
“Oh, hell,” Tony groaned, breaking off the kiss.
Unlike Steve would have assumed he wasn't meeting Steve's eyes confidently, proud of his beauty and the reaction it had on Steve. Since Steve had already made a placating speech before, he decided to rather show what he thought about Tony's body.
Steve took it as the invite it was and crawled closer on his knees. Tony leaned forward.
of each other pretty spectacularly.”
”I would like to inform you that you have become much too taken with your shield. So much so that you seem to emulate it.”
”Okay. That's it. I'm ready to meet my end tomorrow.”
Yet, after what had happened, Steve would have expected something to have changed. He knew Tony must be busy, but to have him show his face even once – that would have been nice. He understood it probably meant a bit more to him that it did to Tony since it had been his first and only time to do anything like it, but was it too much to want some sort of – acknowledgment?
Steve fell silent, lost for words. Tony's engagement announcement had thrown him off. The silence dredged on.
“What do you mean?” Steve asked.
Tony looked like a deer caught in the headlights, as the saying went. Steve was mildly embarrassed, but he disliked demeaning and distorting the truth. It didn’t have to mean anything overtly romantic, but how Steve saw it, they had shared something special, something good, and the very least they should have let it strengthen their friendship.
but held his tongue. When he'd done some serious soul searching after the whole Russian fiasco, he had realized that it wasn't really Barnes he was mad at. It wasn't Barnes that killed his parents, he knew that.
On the fifth or so press of his hips, the bed made a squeaking sound. Again so on the sixth. The seventh time Steve slowed down and raised his head to watch Tony.
”Wait – that’s why you were angry?” Steve asked.
”Yeah, I was just thinking how I’ve been blessed with such supportive, easy-going teammates who trust my judgment,” Steve answered, and alright, maybe he wasn’t so above it all, himself.
Tony stood up. He was restless and obviously found it difficult to put into words what he was feeling.
The upper level seemed to be a gallery of some sort, with pieces whose style Steve couldn’t quite place hanging from the walls. Relatively new, then.
Just when Steve thought Tony was going to ignore him for the rest of the night, he said: ”I don't –  know.”
Tony stopped himself from putting the bottle away. "That's surprising. Don't tell me you have been
Tony staggered a bit as he took a backward step. He glared at Steve. ”No. I need to piss.”
Neither did Steve, really.
”I'm sure I'd have noticed if Steve was eating me,” Tony remarked dryly.
In contrast with the hurry they both must have felt, Tony took his time. He watched attentively every time Steve’s chest rose with his breaths, every inch of skin that was revealed as he pulled the zipper down.
He continued: “You aren’t very tall, but perfectly proportioned all the same. There’s power in your upper body, you can see it from your neck even if you are wearing a full suit disguising the definition you have in your arms, chest and stomach.”
Tony smiled slyly. ”If I film and put it up on YouTube, I can guarantee it will make a lot of people's day.”
He’d gotten his second sip down when Tony found his courage. “Is it the wrong person?”
Tony expected Barnes to turn and leave at that, come back later, but he took halting steps in, stationing himself on the other side of the bed.
He was thinking there had to be another way down, a way to bypass the hall.
”So, how are we doing this?”
"Ah, but wouldn't that mean that it's reciprocal? Your imagination has so far come up with nothing. So, we clearly aren't on nickname basis or --"
“Looking good, Cap,” Sam greeted him, grinning. He had a good reason to grin, too, seeing how sleek the new wings looked.
Steve didn’t exactly forget anything about the night, but he’d dismissed the memory of Clint’s interrogation as unnecessary to retain.
Steve wondered if by future’s standards that meant Tony was
Steve waited, stretching his sides as well before finding a clean t-shirt to put on.
There was a lot to what Tony’d said, so much so it left Steve reeling, heart beating fast. He turned around. There was a hint of embarrassment in the look on Tony’s face, but mostly he was meeting Steve’s gaze head-on.
Steve was, uncharacteristically, lost for words.
Steve, who didn't really enjoy the taste of any 40-proof alcohol, no matter how expensive, took the offered glass with a dry look. "The shield. You know."
That shut Tony up for the moment. Steve regretted asking it. This wasn't really the moment for any kind of serious talk and he didn't want to just leave it at that: didn't want to seem like he had used Tony's obvious hesitancy around him as a weapon. Steve had long ago realized that when Tony wasn't needling him, he wasn't saying much else to him, either.
Steve gulped. Why was it so easy to be like this? He hadn't even thought to start anything, this time.  Would it be like this, always? In the middle of a mission: 'Watch your back', 'I'd rather watch your back'? Would team debriefings with them become unbearable for others?
”Jeez, you’re warm,” Tony said, not at all apologetic, his hands still against Steve’s abdomen.
”What’s funny?” Tony murmured against Steve’s skin.
”What?” Tony asked, confused. ”You mean the drop? Yeah, I know.” Then: ”Just yourself.”
Steve couldn’t quite control the grin splitting his face.
Tony looked at him despairingly.
Tony saw Steve falter for a second, probably thinking back to what they'd said. Tony himself was a bit concerned: he was actually trying to be as neutral and appropriate as he could.
“Perfect,” Tony answered and Steve remembered they’d had the same conversation immediately after the sex.
Steve nodded, haltingly. ”I’m sure nobody would, anyway. Like you said, no one would believe it. Not the tabloids who’d want it to be true for the sales alone and definitely not the public or people who know us.”
. I'm really not into men that much, but most of the time around you I think about little else than choking on your cock.”
”So,” Tony started. Didn’t continue.
Tony just made a non-committal sound. Then: “I’m sure you could have asked him out, had you wanted. I mean maybe you’re not too much into the fannish type but he let it slip he’d broken up with his boyfriend.”
Alright, maybe he was obsessing a bit. Maybe this was the reason Tony wasn’t around: had he guessed that Steve would get too hung up about it? He sighed. Perhaps the best way forward was to really forget about it. He’d not say a word of it or allude to it anyway unless Tony initiated it. He could do that.
“Come on, I only need one name. I’ll make it easy for you: Nat, Hill, Cho, Pepper, Jane – “
”I’ll go check on him,” he said to Natasha and did just so, rising from his place and doing his best to get past all the people who wanted a word and a handshake between him and the bar.
Steve grimaced. "You haven't heard? This is what you wear outside the law."
When they kissed again they still weren’t touching by much else than their lips, Tony on his hands and knees above him. Steve slid his hands up Tony’s thighs and slipped them underneath Tony’s shirt. He gently squeezed Tony’s waist before letting his hands find their way a bit lower, thumbs pushing down the waistband of Tony’s sleep pants.
Steve doubted Coulson had voted for him, but let Tony’s joke pass. “I guess blond and athletic’s
Steve hadn’t been strictly truthful when he’d said he’d only kissed one woman before since he’d been kissed a couple of times by surprise, but the point still stood: he had no practical experience to speak of. He remembered Bucky tell him to just take it easy and enjoy it if he ever found someone, so that’s what he tried to do. He took his cues from Tony, relaxed his mouth and let his instincts guide him. He knew it was probably nothing too thrilling for Tony, but to feel Tony’s mouth against his own, to know how Tony’s lips tasted, to breathe the same breath – it went to his head, the heady feeling electrifying his whole body.
”Nothing,” Steve answered kind of truthfully except not at all.
Tony nodded. “No problem.”
Okay. Jesus. What was wrong with him?
. He coughed, his eyes watered. “Fuck, it's hot.”
“There’s a portable cradle here somewhere,” Tony remarked.
Steve frowned. “If you’re very busy, fine, but it wouldn’t take long and it’s easier in person.”
”Both,” Steve said honestly. ”But to be fair, I don’t really see myself going on dates with women, either. That was a part of the world I left behind. And even then barely.”
… tell me?”
Tony finished by downing the contents of the glass. It had been half full.
Tony had presumably called the car during the 15 seconds he had had his phone in his hands so it wouldn’t probably take much over ten minutes. They were better to leave immediately.
Tony rolled his eyes at the juvenility, which in turn gave Barnes new spark to defend himself: ”He was telling Steve's unconscious body how hard he gets when he looks at him!”
Tony crossed his arms. “Clint seemed to make a nuisance out of himself.”
"I suppose it can't be anything too flattering if you haven't said it out loud. Or maybe that's exactly it, it's too flattering, you have been embarrassed by what your mind thinks of me really and that's why the silence. Let me guess, "Brown eyes", no, --"
“And I get that not everyone gives elaborate speeches as their side job,” Tony went on to explain, “but I... I’m 45, for God’s sake, and you’ve made me question if anyone’s ever really wanted me, if anyone else has watched me that closely and decided that they wanted it.” Tony grimaced. “I don’t know how to put it in a less self-centered way, but well. It is self-centered.”
“I’ve learned to never expect organizations like SHIELD give power or potential power away voluntarily.”
”I’m down,” he called out to Tony. ”Don’t worry, I’ll catch you.”
It was funny how the more contested their relationship was, the more they touched, a habit they had started during that very first 24-hours they’d met, grabbing at each other underneath the influence of Loki’s scepter.
”Good,” Sam nodded then he seemed to forget about it. ”Listen, I need to leave today, I hope you can get Bucky or someone to fill in.”
“Well,” Steve finally said. “Keep me updated about the smoke drones, I’ll prepare the rest of it with Nat.”
”And that’s what being rich does to you,” Steve murmured, smiling.
”Immediately.”
“I know. And I'm great, you just said so.”
Steve said nothing.
But he liked it. He didn’t want it to end. He wasn’t quite ready to make a more concrete move, though. Happy to just – to just have this, especially with Tony with whom they had had their ups and downs and difficulties but when it worked between them it really
Steve only raised a sardonic eyebrow.
Had it only been his personal feelings, he probably would have let it go, but this was about the team, too. They couldn’t avoid each other and be effective in the field at the same time.
”Having been aware of you most of my life hasn't exactly helped,” Tony said. The way he said it, almost easily, told Steve there was something else. It wasn't his connection to Howard that got Tony defensive around him.
”Good idea,” he said and fled the room.
”I can't remember because Steve gave it to me so damn good I passed out,” Barnes interrupted him, eyes flashing with a challenge. ”You could even say that he fucked my brains out.”
It wasn't anything close to scandalous, or even noteworthy in a different company, but he didn't have to look at Tony to know his gaze was glued to the barely an inch of skin from his side he exposed in the backless gown.
It wasn’t too dissimilar to the kiss they shared on the red carpet, not until Tony opened his mouth and coaxed Steve to do the same.
”See what you did,” Sam said accusingly. ”And anyway,” he spoke to Tony, ”aren't you engaged?”
“Roger that.”
That had been an opening Tony couldn’t resist, anymore. “Then, pray tell, what does?”
made his speech, already.
Having given himself permission to continue for a little while longer Steve put the thought of slowing down on hold and took everything Tony gave and then some. When Tony lifted his hips up to press against Steve but fell short a couple of crucial inches, Steve helped him the rest of the way by getting his right hand across Tony’s ass and pulling their lower bodies together.
“So, as far as SHIELD is aware, these are the only aerial defenses the Hydra base in southern Ukraine has. They suspect they also have radar systems that aren’t fooled by the Quinjet’s cloaking system,” Steve explained.
Of course, it was likely Tony had just reconsidered. There were dangers to what they were doing, Steve did understand that. Things had already gotten difficult once because of it.
“See you,” Steve answered, gently.
”Tony, you've always been very into him, very about him – ”
do it? Build a drone that emits smoke?” Tony was playing up the affront, but it was nice, Steve thought, to have the banter back.
”Steve, I have a lot more money than one could possibly need, even if they are bankrolling a superhero team. And what's more, I'm a capitalist. It means that I sit on top of a pyramid. I invent stuff, but the money comes out of other people's work.
It wasn't, of course, going to last. Tony gripped their cocks together, adding needed extra friction. Steve guided their rhythm with a hand plastered on the small of Tony's back.
He would have given a lot to escape the event tonight, though. They’d finished a mission yesterday to a bad note and the team was still feeling that – Tony especially was still feeling that.
“Alright,” Tony laughed, surprised, “this works. Slightly undignified, perhaps, but I’m not complaining.”
That was it, it seemed.
”I’m sorry, I just – for a moment there I had one of those out-of-body experiences, you know, looking down at myself wondering is this where my life this far was really leading me? Asking Captain America for a roll in the hay. A roll in the Egyptian cotton?”
Tony looked parts shocked parts unhappy. It took a moment or two until he said anything. ”Are you saying that all that frustration with the damn Accords – instead of fucking it up we could have fucked it out?”
Almost against Tony’s lips, Steve said: “But you like it.”
it and gave Steve a glance from underneath his brows.
“Ye-yeah,” Tony breathed, “just a little – ah,
Tony didn't know what to say, mostly because he didn't know what the truth of the matter was. ”You got this all from that one video? I didn't accidentally draw hearts all over Cap's fists of fury, did I?”
”Well, I suppose 'real nice' is quite generous then, if you can't even remember – ”
Tony seemed to find another wrinkle to straighten, except now it was clearly a caress, his thumb tracking the underline of his left pectoral.
Steve walked closer to the bar. "Yes."
“Okay,” Tony said, carefully, as if surprised Steve acquiesced so quickly. “Just to be clear, this,” Tony said and gestured between the two of them, “might be new to me, but I didn’t mean I want someone to indulge some sort of experimentation on my part or, I don’t know, guide me through the homosexual experience.”
”Just asking,” Tony said, which was obviously a lie. ”I suppose it got a bit handsy on the red carpet, wouldn’t want anybody to get the wrong picture.”
Catching each other’s eye happened several times, the tension hitching up with every shared gaze.
“Shut up,” Bucky said and turned up the volume.
”Rest assured my vision for you doesn't end in an ill fitting robe with a nice view. No matter how nice the view.”
Steve cleared his throat. ”Tony, you do know that I value you as a team member and as a friend?”
That stopped Tony in his tracks.
His plan decided he took the tray and returned to the living room with Tony.
“We can’t have that,” Tony laughed.
Steve rolled his eyes. ”I’d hear you even if I’d stayed outside.”
He took the bedding and threw it on the floor. In the next moment, he pulled Tony against him. He let his hands roam down Tony's back, all the way down to his ass. He squeezed it possessively.
”Oh, hell,” was all the warning Steve got before Tony released his hold and dropped – straight to Steve’s arms.
aren't used to sharing a bed?”
Bucky nudged Steve with his toe from where he sat at the other end of the sofa. ”I don't understand why you even try that with me. Say you don't want to talk about it, and I'll leave you alone after a while, but don't lie when it's so obvious.”
“I didn’t mean to disturb,” Steve started.
Tony turned to put the glass away. ”Afraid I will – ”
The bed linen was very rich cotton as Tony had implied before, the same as Steve’s bed had. Funnily, he had always had the impression Tony slept in sheets made of some sort of futuristic fiber-blend,  nano-silk, or something.
That was a non-sequitur if anything was, Steve thought. Maybe Tony was uncomfortable with the quiet, after all.
