So Castiel spent the next half hour discovering Dean’s sensitive spots, which included both nipples, two areas between his ribs, and behind his left ear. Dean had tried to direct Castiel away from the little mound of tummy pooch just underneath his navel, saying, “You just ignore that, that doesn’t exist,” and Castiel had rolled his eyes and covered the area with kisses, murmuring, “Don’t be ridiculous, Dean.” And when Castiel finally took Dean’s length in his mouth and went down like the champ he was, he couldn’t stop himself from falling in love with the way Dean tasted, the way Dean squirmed and wheezed Castiel’s name, the way Dean shone in the early morning sunlight.
“Apparently.” Castiel shifted slightly in the bed. “I don’t suppose you’ll be letting me get out of bed anytime soon?” At least his catheter had been removed, which meant that, with some help detaching his electrodes, he could hobble to the bathroom a couple of times a day. But he was strictly told that he had to stay in bed, which meant no exploring, or walking around or visiting the cafeteria.
“Amen to that.” Dean bumped his Coke bottle against Castiel’s empty milkshake cup. He raised a warning finger. “But if you fuck up this leather, I will end you.”
They carried the tree back to the house, where Bobby greeted them with another twitch of his beard, and stuffed the tree into the green base that was sitting ready for them on the porch. Then, they hauled the tree into the living room and scooted it back into the corner, where it squatted happily amongst the disorganized bookcases and age-old leather armchairs. Bobby rewarded them with a, “You done good, boys,” and a clap on the shoulder before he told Sam and Dean to get a move on dinner, which, apparently, wasn’t going to cook itself. Everyone vehemently protested Castiel’s offer to help, but he managed to convince them to let him sit at the kitchen table and peel carrots for the salad while Dean and Sam argued over the best way to cook a burger.
“Professor Novak?” It was one of the freshman in his Intro seminar. Castiel mentally searched for her name as she tucked a bright pink strand of hair behind her ear. “I know it’s the first day and everything—”
. I’m not in a flyin’ metal can of death anymore.” Dean smiled as they neared the escalator. “Things’re lookin’ up, Cas!”
“I’m always gentle,” Dean assured him, his smile getting cockier. He stepped into the entryway, peeking into the living room as he pulled off his jacket and hung it on the coatstand. “Hi, Princess,” Dean called to Bastet as he went into the living room, leaving Castiel dying internally and taking longer than he needed to close the front door.
The corner of Dean’s mouth perked up in a smile. “Really? Okay. It’s a great little economy car. I think you’ll really like it.”
Dean huffed and held his phone screen-forward in Castiel’s face. “Yeah, it really looks like I’m exaggeratin’.” He had done a Google search of Castiel’s name and come up with a list of Castiel’s scholarly articles, links to buy Castiel’s books, newspaper articles about the “Bright New Assistant Professor at Harvard University,” and a few links to interviews he’d done with NPR out in Boston.
Castiel huffed impatiently. “You know, for a nurse, you can be really stubborn about not accepting medical help.” He leaned over Dean and raised an eyebrow. “Don’t make me force-feed you.”
“It has… themes, and symbolism, and allegory.” Dean took his bowl with a small clink as his silver wedding band made contact with the earthenware; Bastet sniffed interestedly at the bottom of the bowl. “Shut up,” he added, at seeing Castiel’s expression.
Dean clucked his tongue and reached for the pile of cards. “After this round, I’m callin’ quits. You’re too damn good at this game.”
Castiel shut his mouth and stared down at the polished oak of the bar, trying to think. His mind was a whirling mess of confusion, embarrassment, and sheepishness, but before he knew it, his mouth was opening again and he was saying, “Yes.”
Castiel snorted. “Like I’m going to make you stay in a motel for one night. No. You’ll stay here. And I have it on good authority that this couch is very comfortable.”
Castiel loved Halloween. He loved its roots, the costumes, the decorations, the traditions, the candy… He especially loved the candy.
“This one’s a nineteen-sixty Nash Rambler, white paint with original tan leather interior. Owner says the engine might need a little touchin’ up, but I can take care of that easy. This other one here’s a nineteen-sixty-four Ford Falcon, also white with a brown leather interior. Rims look good but there’s some minor crackin’ around the steerin’ wheel. And this last one is a nineteen-sixty-one Chevy Nova, light blue paint with a white leather interior; it’s got a few cracks around the dash but the engine’s in great condition. So, just goin’ off of first impressions, which car d’you like best?”
Michael turned his gaze on Gabe like he was something unpleasant on the sidewalk. “Just visiting my baby brother,” he returned smoothly, a mocking edge obvious under his words. “I see you had the same idea.”
Bastet was miserable. She stared woefully up at Castiel as he approached her. He had to admit that she did look rather pathetic, what with her shaved flank, a plastic cone fastened around her thin neck, and her back leg wrapped up in a little blue cast. Regardless, he was thrilled to see her so awake and healthy; she had definitely improved over the course of the past couple of days. He nuzzled her front paw with the tip of his finger while the vet talked him through how to take proper care of Bastet; how she should be kept in a comfortable, clean area and not allowed to be mobile until she was used to the cast, how he should carry her up and down stairs, when she would have to have her bandage changed and her stitches and cast removed, etc. When he finally picked Bastet up to slide her into her carrier, she pushed her cold nose into his cheek and started giving his chin a thorough licking. Chuckling, Castiel pressed a kiss to her clinical-smelling head and slowly tucked her into her carrier, which was lined with her blanket, a few washcloths, and a small pillow. Bastet, thankfully, was not a complainer, and it was without caterwauling that Castiel waved goodbye to the vet and her assistant.
There was the sound of someone coming up the stairs and a second later Gabe banged into the room, rebounding off the door. He leaned down to look Castiel in the eye, one of his cheekbones bright red and starting to swell. “Are you okay?”
At this distance, Castiel could smell Dean’s old-fashioned soap, his laundry detergent, and his unique scent, something like freshly-cut grass and the oily lanolin smell of a thick woolen blanket. It was… very distracting. He swallowed heavily and smiled back. “That sounds charming. But seriously, what does it look like?”
Castiel took his dismissal and trudged back across the road, soaking in the blank slate of the snow and a small part of him wishing that the snowstorm had never ended. He reached his porch, toed off his snowshoes, and opened the front door, jumping when he saw Gabriel leaning against the doorway to the living and dining rooms, Bastet in his arms.
Castiel had barely refocused on the episode when RN Sally reappeared in his doorway, tossing something onto his bed with a wide grin. “To tie you over.” Then she was marching down the other end of the hallway, clearly determined to get to her Chicken Tortilla Soup.
“Just wait ‘til you see Sammy. You’re gonna love him. He’s such a nerd. Always talkin’ about NPR and oil spills.” Dean rolled his eyes, but Castiel saw that he was proud. “I wonder what car Bobby gave him this time.”
Castiel gritted his teeth and flipped on the basement light, shivering at the sudden change in temperature.
Castiel reclaimed Dean’s mouth for another second, nibbling on Dean’s lower lip before pulling away. “I could get on board with that,” he replied, slightly out of breath. “If you give me back my beanie.”
Castiel had been stuck in the snow at least twice a year for his entire life, but he had never tired of the different ways it aged. As he stepped out onto his front porch, perched on the edge of Gabe’s crudely-dug path, he couldn’t help but grin at the way the world sparkled around him.
They sat in comfortable silence, listening to the storm wind down around them and the dim crackle of the live coals. Dean had his nose stuck in
It was veering towards the later hours of trick-or-treat time, and now that the streams of children had thinned, Castiel had an opportunity to take a good look at his competition.
When Castiel was safely in his bedroom, he leaned his head against the wall and mentally begged himself to calm the fuck down and get a grip.
Dean, looking as irritatingly perfect as ever, was standing over Castiel’s stove wearing yesterday’s clothes. His mouth twitched into something like a smile as he slid his cell phone into his pocket and absently waved the spatula in Castiel’s direction. “Mornin’.”
Dean prayed that he wasn’t blushing and reached into his backpack with a little cough. “Friend lent me a CD to listen to, and my car doesn’t have a CD player.”
“You’re kinda weird,” Dean replied, moving to sit down on the armchair, which he did with a huge ‘fluuumf.’ “But it’s okay. I still like you.”
Dean made the noise of a blocked foghorn as Bastet stepped fully into his lap, staring up at him and leaning in to give his chin a good sniff. Apparently satisfied, she turned on the spot and settled down, tucking her paws underneath the front of her body and purring louder than before.
“Morning,” Castiel returned with a slight smile; Gabe was so not a morning person, and Castiel found it highly amusing. “It’s a fresh pot.”
“Yep.” Castiel sucked a mark onto Dean’s neck and was rewarded with a low moan and fingers tangling in his hair (he absently realized that Dean must’ve pulled off his beanie). Dean gently tugged Castiel away from his neck and guided their mouths back together, teeth briefly colliding before they lined up properly and Castiel dove into Dean’s mouth, running his tongue along the roof of Dean’s mouth and tangling with Dean’s tongue. Dean gave a full-body shudder and tightened his grip on Castiel, sliding a hand under the edge of Castiel’s jacket and running his fingers under the waistband of Castiel’s corduroys. Castiel moaned into Dean’s mouth and responded in kind, using the hand not cupping the back of Dean’s head to undo one of the lower buttons of Dean’s coat and pushing Dean’s shirt out of the way, eagerly pressing his hand to the warm skin he found there. Dean gasped and pulled away, his mouth swollen and his eyes blazing. Castiel felt a thrill of pleasure in knowing that
Dean hummed in reply, still fixated on his book. For all his insistence about being a slow reader, he was closing in on page two hundred, which was no mean feat when it came to
“Hmmph.” Dean twisted to kiss Castiel’s hand, the corner of his mouth sliding into a smile. “Number one. Definitely.” He leaned up and forward, his mouth barely grazing Castiel’s before kissing him earnestly, slow and languid.
Hael smiled at that. “This much is probably true.” She eased herself up onto the stool next to him, putting down her glass. “C’mon, Prof. Talk to me.”
She spent the next twenty minutes showing him how to use the crutches, even taking him out into the stairwell so he could learn how to go up and down stairs. Castiel wasn’t fond of the way the crutches rubbed under his arms, but he was grateful for the mobility.
“Hey, hey, hey,” Dean snapped. “You stress out my patient, I stress out your newly-healed face, capisce?”
As they made their way through the dark, quiet house, Castiel was aware of little else besides Dean’s mouth and hands, which seemed to constantly be attached to at least one part of Castiel’s body. Castiel had to work hard to swallow all the sounds he wanted to make as he hungrily kissed Dean back, one hand gripping Dean’s shoulder as they slowly stumbled up the stairs and into Dean’s old bedroom, all too aware that Bobby and Sam were asleep down the hall.
“You wouldn’t be wrong,” Gabe replied, fiddling absentmindedly with the peas. “Out of all of us, Cas definitely got the worst of it. Partially because he was the youngest, partially because he was so different personality-wise, partially because he wasn’t straight.” Gabe shook his head and looked about twenty years older. “Ten bucks says he won’t let himself fall asleep tonight.”
Michael ignored them both and picked up a pile of meticulous notes from Castiel’s armchair before unceremoniously dropping it on the floor and sitting down in the vacant seat. “Well,” he said, sounding completely disinterested in the proceedings. “Shall we begin?”
Castiel looked after him in confusion. “What’s it?” A second later, his sheepskin overcoat and his knitted beanie (one of Gabe’s high school hobbies) hit him in the face.
Castiel entered the room with a hesitant tread and immediately tried to clear off his desk. “Sorry, it’s been a while since I’ve straightened up—”
It was Castiel’s turn to be speechless. Bobby added, “And I don’t know what’s goin’ on with, y’know, you and Dean, what you are to each other or what you might be someday, but,” he continued as Castiel blushed, “what I have to say stands. That boy is my son, for all intents and purposes, and I will not stand to see him hurt, not after everythin’ he’s been through.” He eyed Castiel. “You got me?”
“All right. Let’s sit over there.” Castiel nodded to an empty row of seats on the right-hand side of the plane by one of the exit doors. Castiel couldn’t complain; this way, they’d have more legroom, and no one could recline into their space. They quickly hoisted their luggage into the overhead compartments and settled down, Dean taking the aisle seat and leaving Castiel in the middle.
Castiel raised an eyebrow as he followed Dean past gates 13 and 14. “You suddenly have much more energy.”
“I came prepared,” he assured Castiel with a wink. Castiel hastily excused himself and went to the kitchen, pouring a bowl of the chips and mentally discouraging a certain part of his anatomy, because
Castiel quickly gathered up his things while trying to hide the way he was watching Dean, worried that he’d made himself sound too impressive or smart or important. He worried his bottom lip with his teeth before he said, “Dean? You okay?”
Dean stared at him for a second before breaking into his trademark grin. “No, Cas.” He leaned away slightly, his gaze fixed on Castiel’s mouth. “I thought I just made that incredibly clear.”
“Nope,” Dean cackled, leaning further away from Castiel’s reach. Castiel was practically on top of Dean by this point, scrabbling to get ahold of the album. “This is too good!”
Dean chuckled and made his way over to Castiel’s DVD player. “I still can’t believe you’ve never seen these.”
Castiel found himself smiling back. He liked Sally. It made him a little sad to think that her shift was over. He dimly wondered who his overnight RN would be.
“I was at a bar in town, getting kind of shitfaced, and she happened to be there, too, and she sort of talked me off the ledge, so to speak.  She also wanted to make sure I was okay, so she drove me home.” Castiel tactfully neglected to mention the way she’d also lectured him about Dean and put up with Castiel’s pining for the better part of half an hour.
Castiel practically leapt off the couch, unable to believe it, because he knew that voice— he was at the front door in a second, fumbling with the locks. “Gabe, is that you?!”
“Cas.” Dean’s voice was almost a whisper. “Thank you for listenin’. And for… tellin’ me. You didn’t have to.”
He gave the phone back to Gabe, who read the sentence with a nod before his brow furrowed and he typed out:
“Had a bit of trouble, huh, sweetie?” Dean was kneeling in front of the couch, delicately running his fingers up and down Bastet’s side, careful to avoid her stitches. “But don’t worry about it. It’s just a couple of bruises. You’ll be up and about before you know it.” He smiled and leaned forward, nearly nose to nose with her: Bastet sniffed his nose with interest before giving his bearded cheek a small lick. “Yeah, I missed you too.” Dean pressed a soft (and, Castiel imagined, whiskery) kiss to her head.
He’d woken up slumped across Dean’s shoulder, at first utterly bemused about why he was on the couch, and then pleasantly surprised to realize that he’d slept nightmare-free, followed by a rather rapid descent into pure, flustered embarrassment, because, once again, he and Dean had fallen asleep on each other, and, once again, he couldn’t pretend that they weren’t cuddling.
“Are you kiddin’?” Dean croaked, slightly cross-eyed as he leaned over his plate and dug in for more. “It’s fuckin’ crack.”
At the foot of the stairs, he paused to slip on and lace up his shoes and perform a mental double-check of the contents of his briefcase. Laptop - check. Fifteen copies of his syllabus - check. His planner, favorite pen, and course schedule - check. His phone - check. His new set of business cards and office hours - check.
“For everything,” Castiel said quietly. He smiled before turning, pressing his back to Dean’s front, snuggling into Dean’s embrace.
Hael grinned at his reaction. “They actually had to cap it, and there’s a waiting list. What can I say, Prof?” She snatched a copy of his syllabus out of his hands and headed for the door, presumably on her way to the copier. “Your reputation precedes you.”
“Dean’s at home, but he’ll be back later tonight,” Gabe supplied, ignoring Castiel’s expression. “Wait’ll you see the sexual tension between these two. If it were any heavier, they’d have to get a wheelbarrow.”
“So long as it isn’t snowing,” Castiel replied with a swift glance at the windows. “I’m not in the mood for snow.”
A minute later, Dean had returned with a small paper cup and a large glass of water to replace the one Castiel had finished with dinner. “Here.”
Castiel smiled at the euphemism. “When I was younger, I did have faith, or, at least, I thought I did. But my parents were the extreme sort. During my adolescence I came to the realization that my beliefs and my parents’ beliefs did not align, and that led to a sort of break in the family. It sounds terribly cliche, but that was when everything changed between me and my parents, and me and my siblings. For a while, I regarded religion with the greatest abhorrence, and I hated anything to do with the Bible.”
Meg raised a dark, stupidly perfect eyebrow and took a sip of her beer. “That’s definitely not a firetruck, Clarence.”
“Okay. We’ll be there in ten minutes.” Dean hung up, turning his wide gaze on Castiel. “Amy,” he said, answering Castiel’s unspoken question. “She went into labor at the supermarket. They’ve taken her to Lutheran Hospital.”
Sam and Bobby raised their eyebrows. “Aw, shoot,” Bobby said, just as Sam asked, “Do birds fly? Do fish swim? Does the sun go down every day?”
Castiel chuckled, noting that the nurse was missing his ID badge. How . . . unhelpful. “I suppose so.”
Castiel banged the shot glass back down onto the wooden counter. “Another, please,” he said to the bartender, the edges of his words somewhat slurred.
again, thank you so much for reading! reviews are highly appreciated :3 i love talking to you guys!!! <3
Dean replaced Castiel’s chart and propped himself against the foot of Castiel’s bed. “I can’t tell if you’re self-destructive or just too stubborn for your own good.”
Castiel pulled off his henley in one fluid motion, shivering a little at the contact with the colder air. “Good point,” he whispered back, nudging up against a temporarily speechless Dean until they spilled onto the unmade bed.
He handed these articles to Dean. “Here. Get changed. Just let me know when you’re finished.” He started to step away, but Dean reached out and caught him by the sleeve.
Castiel finally managed to open the front door, and was assaulted by a very cold and damp version of his older brother. “Gabriel, what—?!”
Dean ruefully shook his head at the large amount of cards in his hands. “If we were playin’ poker, I’d be up fifty bucks by now.”
Bastet, purring loudly, rolled away from Castiel’s hand and took a few slow steps out of her owner’s lap and towards Dean, who was watching her with wide eyes. “Why,” he hissed.
Castiel blinked and hobbled over to his stereo, which was tucked into the corner among a few shelves that contained the CDs he listened to often enough to unpack right away. He rifled through them for a moment before pulling out a CD whose case had cracked long ago. He smiled down at it and turned around in time to see Dean tugging on his leather coat, which he seemed to persistently wear despite the humidity.
“I, um, yes?” Castiel quickly stepped aside to let him in and closed the door behind him; Dean’s fingers were grazing the wall for support as he made his way to the living room. “Are you okay?”
Castiel started to laugh, but had to stop when a piece of green onion almost got caught in his airway. He fell into a coughing fit and gladly accepted the can of Coke Dean handed him. They were sitting cross-legged on opposite ends of Castiel’s couch, facing each other with Bastet in the middle and a myriad of Chinese food on the coffee table. Old Looney Tunes reruns were playing on the TV, but the sound was low enough for them to talk to each other. Castiel discovered how much there was for them to catch up on, and how glad he was that Dean had insisted on buying him dinner to partially make up for what had happened.
Silence fell, and they stood there for a moment, just looking at each other. Castiel took a stuttered breath, wondering what was about to happen, when Dean’s gaze suddenly flickered to the garage door and he let out a little yelp of excitement. Dean was at the garage door’s controls in a flash, standing on his tiptoes to look out of the door’s narrow window, anxiously pressing the largest button. “I don’t believe it!”
Castiel swallowed a mouthful of Honey Walnut Shrimp and grinned. “Everyone’s been very welcoming, and they’re all very nice. And no, no one’s throwing anything,” he added pointedly, and Dean gave him the finger. Chuckling, Castiel continued: “The kids are crazy smart, and they’re taking my class because they actually want to learn about world religions, which is refreshing.” He bit into an eggroll. “The department’s definitely going to need some work, though. In the long-term. But I do get quite a bit of time to work on my book, so I’m not complaining.”
“Goodness me,” he said, carefully threading his fingers through the fur on her back. “You’ve really gotten yourself into a mess.”
“We had a bet.” Sam tucked the bill into his pocket, looking smug and triumphant. “I bet that you guys would get your shit together by Christmas. Bobby said it would be New Year’s.”
Dean looked at him for a long moment, his expression worked into something Castiel couldn’t identify, before he was closing the distance between them, his stride purposeful and intent. He stopped about six inches away from Castiel and took a breath, his eyes widening… before he pointedly reached forward and flicked Castiel on the forehead.
“So you need to talk to him. I don’t mean now, and definitely not until this whole Michael thing has blown over, but maybe after that. Cas needs a stable and supportive friend right now more than he needs anything else, and his mental health should be your top concern, above everything else, even the concern of your crotch-snake.”
Dean raised a jaunty middle finger into the air, flipping off whoever it was before leaning in to kiss Castiel again, neither of them able to stop smiling, and Castiel realized that they would be just fine, they would be okay, probably even better than okay. They would be fantastic.
Castiel stared at Dean, whose jaw was set and determined. It was… adorable. And hard to argue with. “Fine.” He pushed his ungraded papers to one side, turned off the lanterns, and clambered up onto the couch, pulling another blanket along with him. Castiel sat down and gently nudged Bastet so that she was resting on his stomach, quickly making himself comfortable on the end opposite Dean. “Happy?”
Castiel frowned and peered at what he could see of Dean’s face; half of it was in shadow. “How did you get here so quickly?”
“Good,” Castiel told him, stepping away from the couch. “Now. You’re going to come upstairs with me, and you’re going to change out of your costume, okay?”
“Why,” Castiel demanded of him, but Dean dodged the question and told Castiel to sleep well, a note of urgency in his voice that made Castiel blink a few times. Surely Dean—
“Yes.” The vet gestured in the direction of her secretary, who was sitting at the front desk. “Linda can help you out.” She gave them both a wide, reassuring smile. “Bastet will be just fine, Mr. Novak. Don’t you worry.”
sounded from the pocket of his pajama pants and he pulled out his phone with a grin. “Hey! That photo of you got more than two thousand likes. You’re getting popular, bro.”
Castiel aimed a crutch in Dean’s direction; Dean danced away with a good-natured laugh. “Hey, watch it! I’m your ride home.”
“Sure thing.” The bartender, an attractive young man with half a shaved head and several facial piercings, gave him a wry look as he went to pour Castiel another shot of whisky. It was his third. A moment later, the bartender slid the shot to Castiel, who caught it and raised an eyebrow at the amber liquid before quickly tossing it back. He gritted his teeth against the burn before chasing it with a mouthful of beer.
Dean had lifted his gaze to Castiel’s, his eyes tight with concern. “All right,” he said slowly, “I might need a bit more of an explanation than that.”
Dean shrugged, dabbed the Neosporin onto a little square of cotton, and set everything aside. “Pretty standard. No one puked on me, which is always nice. Can I?” He gestured for Castiel’s head.
As autumn approached, the weather grew chillier, and soon Castiel was digging his favorite trench coat out of the closet. Gabriel had always hissed whenever the trench appeared (“It’s khaki and your worst fashion choice
Dean grabbed the box, hoisting it into his own arms. With a hurried sort of smile, he turned and started heading down the path again. Castiel followed tentatively, wondering what just happened and why it had felt so… raw. His quickly shook his head, trying to rid himself of the feeling, and followed Dean across the snow-covered road and up onto Dean’s yellow porch.
Dean looked up from Castiel’s favorite recording of the Brandenburg concertos, his gaze genuine. “Yeah. Maybe it is.”
“I think,” Dean said weakly, “that we should maybe move this party inside before we get buried in the snow.”
Castiel swallowed a groan and pressed his mouth to Dean’s as he pushed in slowly, slowly, pulling away to watch Dean’s face, the way his body reacted, the flush creeping its way from his face across his chest. It was the hottest thing Castiel had ever seen — better than he’d ever imagined.
A sudden, sharp chime rang through the house: Castiel’s doorbell. Castiel’s gaze locked with Dean’s and Dean grumbled a little as he put his uneaten grilled cheese back onto his plate. “I’ll get the door,” Dean said, not unkindly, and Castiel grinned as he reached for his crutches.
“Yeah, I’m sure you hate all the extra attention.” Castiel smiled, but it faded as he remembered his promise to Dean. He gave a lengthy sigh and reached into his pocket with his free hand, pulling out his phone.
It took a few moments for reality to re-emerge, appearing slowly, Castiel’s vision still blurred at the edges as he eased himself out of Dean. Dean, gazing at Castiel fondly, tiredly, mouth stretched into a lazy smile. Castiel got unsteadily off the bed, pulled off the condom, wrapped it in a tissue, and tossed it into the trash can. He grabbed a dirty t-shirt from his laundry pile, exchanging lazy kisses with Dean as he swept their skin clean. Then he eased himself under the covers on his side of the bed as Dean did the same.
Castiel let out a surprised laugh, putting the glass down on the bedside table again. “That’s one way of putting it.”
Dean flipped to the next page. “Oh, my God! Who’s that?” he demanded, pointing to a photo of a seven year-old Gabe sticking his finger into Castiel’s four year-old ear.
Dean grinned wickedly at him. “I think that calls for a celebration.” He slid down Castiel’s body, kissing the skin of his stomach, his happy trail, right down to the nest of hair where his cock sat and twitched in expectation. Castiel inhaled a shuddery breath.
Temporarily rendered speechless, Dean could only stare at Castiel, his mouth hanging open a little. “I, okay.” He cleared his throat in one quick cough. “Yeah, um, that sounds great.”
Flummoxed, Dean sat back down on the couch, wondering what Michael had done to make Cas that nervous.
, he grumbled internally, briefly pausing to wonder what would’ve happened if Gabriel hadn’t chosen that exact moment to knock on his front door.
sorry for the late update x_x but tech weeks are so killer. i'll try to write the next chapter more quickly!! again, thank you so much for reading xxx
,” Dean started to say, with the air of someone who’s explained the same thing about a hundred times, “gettin’ your cast removed doesn’t equal full mobility. I ain’t lettin’ you put any real stress on that ankle joint until tomorrow at the earliest.”
Dean chuckled. His dimples were too good to be true. “No, not pudding.” He sighed a little. “So, Doc—”
“Don’t panic,” Dean said through gritted teeth as they paused at the top of the staircase; from what they could tell, Sam and Bobby were already awake and downstairs, presumably waiting for them. A thin chorus of Christmas carols floated upwards from the living room. “They’re… they’ll just…”
Castiel turned to look at him with a ghost of his smile. “That’s reserved for sick days and injuries.”
Meg seemed to engage in some serious deliberation. “Wellllll okay.” She stepped away and sighed. “But you’re so pretty, angel.”
“She stayed,” Dean marveled, seemingly touched by the gesture. He propped himself up on one elbow and tugged the covers away from her, managing to reach her back and give her a gentle rub.
Castiel snorted and picked up the mini box of Lucky Charms. He struggled with opening the bag, but once he had his first mouthful of marshmallows, he decided that maybe being stuck in this hospital wasn’t such a bad thing after all.
Dean actually rolled his eyes. “Stuff it, Cas. I’m offerin’, and it’s not like I had anything else to do with my day.” He glanced at Castiel. “I’m gonna have to make a new rule against protestin’. I’m here because I want to help you Cas, so stop tryin’ to talk me out of it.” He shook his head. “It isn’t wrong to need help.”
Castiel chewed his lip and shifted slightly. Yup, that was definitely an arm. A very strong arm. A very warm arm. An arm that didn’t belong to him. He turned his head to the side and almost yelped because yup, yuppity yup, that was Dean. Dean, curled into Castiel’s side, drooling on Castiel’s shoulder, snoring a little, clinging to Castiel’s torso, pressing his very evident hard-on to Castiel’s hip.
The remaining weeks of the school term flew by, punctuated by Castiel’s victory in convincing Dean to fly to South Dakota and his therapy sessions with Dr. Shurley, née Chuck, which were going very well. When the nightmare finally did return, it was Castiel’s old one, the dream of being left alone in the forest, unable to find his way out, and Castiel awoke from it with a kind of relief, because it was much less traumatic than his dreams with Michael in them. Then, as he lay in bed, one hand on Bastet’s back, he’d begun to implement the breathing techniques Chuck had taught him, along with a certain kind of mental exercise that Chuck had classified as being half-meditation, half-distraction, and ten minutes later, he was fast asleep again, and didn’t dream at all.
“Yeah, yeah, you’re hilarious.” Dean stepped away, waving Castiel forward. “C’mon, Prof. We gotta get goin’ if we want to eat before we leave.”
“Undeniably.” Hael patted his hand. “You really should tell him what you overheard and see what he has to say. It isn’t fair to keep him in the dark, and he’s probably really hurt at the way you’ve been ignoring him.”
Gradually, Castiel seemed to stop shaking, the tension starting to leak out of his body, and soon he was taking a ragged gasp, resurfacing from his hands. He looked deeply shaken, his eyes shining with unshed tears and his face devoid of all color. “S—sorry,” he managed to whisper.
“I hate flyin’.” Dean popped open the hood and leaned over the engine, running his fingers over the clean machinery. “Only been on a plane maybe once or twice in my life.”
“All right, Cas,” Dean was saying as he pulled out of the hospital’s front drive, “before we get on our way, answer me this: how much food do you have at home, and do you have any medical supplies?”
Gabe sighed in a slightly endearing way. “It’s a six second video, Cas. You make ‘em and post ‘em so people can watch ‘em.”
The lights in his room went out and he was vaguely aware of Dean murmuring, “Just call me if you need anythin’, all right? The button’s right there.”
“Jesus Christ on a candlestick.” Dean made a face and flipped his eight at Castiel, who caught it with a triumphant smirk. “That’s it,” Dean declared, putting down his pile of cards. “You win. Me: one, Castiel: eight. You won eight damn games of Go Fish. Proud of yourself?”
Castiel licked his lips, belatedly wanting more water and wishing that Dean wasn’t in the room to hear this. “He… abused me sporadically throughout my childhood, but took… ‘special care’ with me during his last two years in the house, when I was fourteen and fifteen.”
“It’s fine,” Castiel cut him off. “Really. I wasn’t even… I just…” He pushed his hair away from his face and propped his elbow on the couch cushions. “I think about her a lot, how I never really knew her that well, the way my dad treated her, the way Michael...” He sighed a little. “That’s probably why I, you know—”
Castiel shifted away from both of them. “No. I’m fine.” But he refused to make eye contact with either of them. “Let’s just go back to watching the game.”
“Oh, oh yeah. I just didn’t sleep well last night.” Dean waved away Castiel’s worry as he collapsed on the couch and pulled out a small notepad that had vague scribblings across the page. Bastet, who was curled up in her basket next to him, let out a little chirp as he threaded his fingers through her fur. “You tally up yet?”
Castiel hummed, his mind already churning with possibilities. “Okay.” He went into his dining room, some of which was lined with bookshelves, and started perusing. Some ten minutes later, he resurfaced with a thick tome in one hand and a slim hardcover in the other. He held out the big book to Dean. “Here.”
Castiel sighed but accepted the sandwich without argument. Dean seemed to be oddly adamant about ensuring that Castiel ate enough and would occasionally text him reminders like, “the new tomatoes in the fridge r calling ur name” and “if u dont eat lunch darth vader will steal all ur bibles” and “u better eat at least half a bag of chips or bastet & i r gonna elope”. Castiel would always smirk and try to shrug the reminders off, but he was secretly touched that Dean cared enough about him to remind him. Castiel was indeed very bad about remembering mealtimes, and would sometimes eat breakfast instead of lunch and not eat again until eleven at night. And somehow, without Castiel ever mentioning it, Dean had figured it out.
expression. “What the hell is whist? It sounds like the noise an old mouse would make when it dies.”
Castiel grinned. “Mine.” He ballooned the sheet over the seat cushions. “Besides, it’ll be nice to have someone help me with the cleanup tomorrow. These are for you.” He tossed the clothing to Dean. “There’s a spare toothbrush in the side drawer in the downstairs bathroom. Toothpaste, too.” He fluffed the pillow against one of the armrests and tossed the duvet out across the sheet.
Dean scoffed. “Be surprised if you weren’t.” He grabbed his clipboard again on his way out of the room. “I’ll tell the Doc you’re awake.”
Castiel whirled round, facing Dean, who looked more than a little shaken. Bastet was curled into the opposite corner of the couch, spooked. “How long was I—?”
“Hare Krishna.” Dean flashed Castiel a grin. “See? I’ve picked up a lot from you.” He flipped the grilled cheese again — perfectly golden on each side — before flipping it onto a waiting plate. He slid a small bunch of green grapes next to the grilled cheese and held the plate out to Castiel. “Now eat.”
Hael grinned as she sent off “okay great!” in response, wondering when the hell these two were going to get their act together.
Dean coughed roughly and turned back to his strawberry malt. “Anytime.” (“Today’s a strawberry kinda day,” he’d said when Castiel had raised an eyebrow at Dean’s choice of drink, which was quite different from Dean’s usual chocolate.)
Dean let out a little chuckle. “Thanks.” He stepped back into his house, widening the gap between them. “I’ll finish it soon, let you know what I think.”
If any surprise had to occur on his first day at Oberlin, Castiel was glad it was the addition of fifteen students to his intro class. They were all bright, welcoming, and, somehow, very excited to take his course, which wasn’t always the case at his previous school. After smiling his way through a half-hour of get-to-know-you games, Castiel moved through the syllabus with ease, making sure to emphasise his office hours and the level of work required for the course. “This may be a 100-level course,” he warned them, “but I’m going to expect a lot of you.”
Castiel smiled back and propped his briefcase on top of his suitcase so he could offer his right hand. “Yes. Pleased to meet you, Sam. I’ve heard so much about you.”
“Nope, ‘cause most of the pipes burst and they barely had enough canned Campbell’s to feed everyone.” Gabe turned around and reached onto the porch, tugging in a large snow-covered suitcase with considerable difficulty. He swung it onto the floor, panting and grinning for all he was worth. “Surprise!”
“Please join me, by all means,” Castiel said. “It’s the least I can do for someone who’s getting me dinner.”
Dean quickly flashed him an easy smile. “Yeah, just a little, I dunno, starstruck.” When Castiel started to huff in annoyance, Dean added, “No, it’s just that I’m friends with a celebrity nerd. It’s… it’s awesome.” His smile stretched into a genuine, blazing grin, and soon enough, Castiel found himself grinning back.
“No, you can’t,” Dean replied. He jerked his chin in the direction of a small yellow house across the street. “That’s my place.” He shook his head. “I still can’t believe we ended up livin’ across the street from each other.”
“Yup,” Dr. Bradbury was saying as she watched him swing himself around the hallway outside his room. The nurse behind the desk — Jo, Castiel remembered — grinned at him as he went by. “I think you’re ready to go. You’re a fast learner,” she added, giving him a smile.
Dean made an altogether pornographic noise as he bit into his burrito; Castiel hurriedly dropped a napkin across his lap and tried to focus on his salad.
“Of course you can,” she insisted. “Listen. Do you still want to be friends with him? I mean—” she added as Castiel opened his mouth to argue “—I know you still have this crazy-huge crush on him, but would you rather be friends with him than not?”
“Tragic, isn’t it?” Castiel sucked at the last third of his milkshake and wondered why on earth he was doing this, since he wasn’t hungry. “You know, I bet this—” he gestured at the giant movie screen “—would’ve been my fate if I’d broken my ankle back in the fifties.”
Castiel grinned and rubbed the two remaining cards in his hand together. “Which is why I never play you at poker.”
Castiel met the RN’s muddy-green gaze. “You’re the first person in this hospital to address me as ‘doctor.’”
“Of course I want this.” Castiel shifted, sitting up slightly so he could kiss Dean again. “Nothing else could convince me otherwise,” he murmured against Dean’s skin, loving the way Dean shivered in response. “Now.” He shifted again, feeling the distinct presence of Dean’s cock against his hip before gently rolling Dean off of him and pressing Dean down into the pillows. “I think you should let me return the favor. As a Christmas present.”
Ten minutes later, Dean was sitting across from his partner, Anna, fervently trying to send her coded looks to communicate which cards he had in his hand. Castiel had tried his best not to laugh, but when Dean eventually stuck out his tongue and bulged his eyes, he couldn’t help it.
Castiel blinked and met Dean’s gaze. “Well . . . ” He cleared his throat. “It’s kind of a long story.”
Bobby was grumbling under his breath as he pulled out his wallet. “Damn kid…” He fished out a rumpled twenty and handed it over to a smirking Sam, who said, “Easy money, old man!”
They ate by the fireplace, Dean very pleased with his soup and Castiel studiously ignoring the way the firelight played across Dean’s cheekbones (it highlighted his freckles). Dean laughed when Castiel made stupid jokes and he teased Bastet about the way she snuffled into her Fancy Feast and it was all so domestic and perfect that Castiel almost felt himself choking on it all. He grimly reminded himself that they were going to be stuck in here for at least another two days, so he really had to keep himself in check and not do something stupid like confess his not-so-platonic feelings for Dean or pin Dean to the couch and perform a very thorough exploration of the inside of Dean’s mouth.
You will need to see your physician regularly for repeat x-rays to make sure the fracture does not change in position.
The kids giggled and scattered some thank-yous in his direction before they hurried off his porch, eager to get to the next house.
“Sure, buddy,” Gabe replied, dropping his hand from Castiel’s shoulder and turning back to the adventures of three sailors in New York City.
“—and we were here, tallyin’ up, but I, uh, wasn’t feelin’ too great. I had this cold or flu bug and Cas noticed and he made me take some pills and sleep it off before I went home.” Dean lifted one shoulder in an easy shrug, somehow very calm. “When we woke up, we were buried in snow.”
“You look good, kid.” Bobby clapped Dean on the shoulder and Dean gave him the glare of a disgruntled teenager. “Who’s been feedin’ you?”
A few minutes later, after they’d pulled apart and eaten most of the croissants (“God, Gabe,” Anna had groaned, “this is like crack.”) Anna nudged Castiel. “So where’s this friend of yours? Dean the Hot Nurse and even Hotter Mechanic?”
Dean let out a small chuckle, his gaze falling to Castiel’s mouth. Dean inhaled quickly, his grin disappearing, and suddenly Castiel was aware of their proximity. His face flooded with warmth, his stomach erupted into butterflies, and he couldn’t stop looking at Dean’s bottom lip, even though he knew it was wrong, it was very very wrong of him to be indulging like this. But when he looked up, he found Dean staring at him, closer than he was before, his eyes so green and wide and his tongue darting out to moisten the edge of his lip, and before Castiel knew it, Dean was leaning forward, his mouth open and exhaling warmth and Castiel barely had a moment to react before —
Dean frowned at the television, Bastet settled comfortably in his lap. “C’mon, Suzanna, don’t listen to that creep, you deserve better,” he chided the woman on-screen.
Castiel accepted this with a nod and slowly stood up, still unsteady on his feet. “Let’s go see who’s winning,” he said drily, avoiding both their gazes before heading downstairs. Dean and Gabe exchanged a look before following him, both unconvinced that Castiel was even close to being all right.
Castiel swallowed and tried to find another thing to look at. Dean the Mechanic was, somehow, even hotter than Dean the Nurse.
“And you never thought to tell me that you’re one of the most famous theology scholars in the country?! In the world, even?!”
After a long lunch of turkey sandwiches and Coca Cola from glass bottles, with Dean rehashing stories from the past couple of months that Castiel was sure Sam and Bobby had already heard, Sam discussing the implications of different religious beliefs on law proceedings with Castiel, and Bobby asking Castiel about this “so-called religious course thing” of his, Bobby shoved them all out of the house toting axes and saws with explicit instructions to either cut themselves down a Christmas tree or “die tryin’, ya idjits.”
“I’ll say. How do you have time for anythin’ other than schoolwork? I mean,” Dean put down his plate and held up his hand, starting to count off his fingers, “you got all the gradin’, lesson-plannin’, teachin’, book-writin’, and you’re workin’ on that new paper, aren’t you?”
Dean gave a loud, single laugh as the door let out an electronic groan and started wheeling itself up. “It’s snowin’!” As soon as the door was open wide enough for him to duck under it, he bounded out into the field, his arms outstretched.
Castiel managed to collect himself enough to get through the back door and into his kitchen without tripping over something. He sagged against the counter and thunked his head on the cabinet. “Idiot. Idiot. Idiot.” A plaintive meow sounded at his feet. “I know, I know.” The other day, it had taken Castiel all of five minutes to come to terms with the fact that his interest in Dean was far past the realm of a hookup and verging into the territory of ‘if you weren’t in my life I don’t know what I’d do.’ And that had only made things more difficult, especially because Dean was very obviously straight and very obviously not into Castiel.
“Oh, please,” Dean mumbled, not four inches away from Castiel’s ear. “Your bump is almost gone.” He turned to Castiel with a soft smile. “I see you milkin’ it for all its worth.”
Dean abandoned the stove and briefly patted his pockets, sweeping his gaze around the kitchen before making eye contact with Castiel. For a long, tense moment, they just looked at each other. Then it was over as quickly as it had started, Dean’s gaze dropping to his feet “The party was really fun, Cas.”
“And, apparently, useless at listenin’ to your nurse, who is a licensed healthcare professional insistin’ that you go back to sleep.” Dean crossed his arms against his chest.
She didn’t receive a reply until just over an hour later, when she was at home surfing the Internet for a decent ottoman.
The first night on his own had been rough. Instead of just knocking him out, the pain meds had only made his dreams weirder, and Castiel was hopping around with only about five hours of sleep. He’d spent half the night and most of the day working through his collection of old movies, halfway convinced that watching
He’d kept in avid touch with Gabe and Anna after they’d left, mostly via Skype. Gabe was swamped in holiday orders from his bakery, so he wasn’t around much, but when he was, he’d regale Castiel with stories of malfunctioning ovens and pastry bags gone awry, barely staying awake but powered by his manic fascination nonetheless. Castiel had spoken most with Anna; they’d video-chatted while he put together his final exam and she slogged through her illustrations. Every time Castiel signed off, he’d realize how lucky he was to have such amazing siblings.
They were sitting on Castiel’s couch in the same spots they had claimed the night before, with the TV on and tuned into reruns of Star Trek: The Next Generation. Castiel had sat patiently and gone through some of his notes on the Quran while Dean hmmed, swore, and grinned his way through two hours of looking for the car that he thought Castiel would like best. They’d already established that Castiel would like to switch things up and buy himself an old vintage car instead of another used and lackluster later model, despite the difference in how much money he’d have to spend on gas.
“I figured out what we’re doing for dinner,” Castiel replied, handing over the paper with his own smile. “My treat, of course, but you’ll have to be the one to drive.”
“No way.” Dean flipped through the book as he went down the stairs, letting out a cry of triumph when he found the correct page. “Hey! I do remember this!” He paused at the foot of the first flight, putting on his James-Bond pout and best Sean Connery impression: “I’ll take my martini Sutra, not stirred.” Dean cracked up, his nose wrinkling and his teeth shining as he laughed.
Bobby’s mouth opened and closed a few times and Castiel took the opportunity to cross over to the tree and tuck his presents under its boughs. “I,” Bobby finally managed. “Thank you. That’s really nice.”
Gabe shook his head dismissively. “Michael can’t punch to save his life. And besides, I got to break his nose.”
Chuck had assured Castiel that they would begin the more intensive part of the therapy in the new year; Chuck insisted that Castiel had had a rough enough couple of months that he deserved a bit of a mental break, and focused instead on getting Castiel to talk to him and teaching Castiel different tactics to ease his anxiety. They were working quite well, and apparently, Castiel was responding positively to his new medication, which was cause for some kind of celebration.
“Apparently, it didn’t become a thing until last night. There were midnight runs on all the grocery stores because families didn’t find out until they got home from trick-or-treating. They’re calling it All-Snows’ Eve on the radio.” Castiel shrugged. “And somehow, we both managed to miss the warning.”
“Yes, Dean,” Castiel chuckled. “As difficult as it is to believe, I own books that aren’t to do with religion. Besides, most of my religious books are in my office.” He stood up, stretching a little. “What are you in the mood to read?”
“The book should look familiar,” Castiel answered, holding open the door to the stairwell. “You drew a comic of James Bond on page fifty-six.”
Castiel shook his head. “No, thanks. I think I’ll just doze for a bit. See if I have any epiphanies.”
, Castiel almost said, very loudly and pointedly. “Nope. And you know the tea made you feel better. And that the hoodie is ridiculously soft.”
“Okay.” Castiel snapped his book shut as the daylight started to fade in earnest. “We should get going on dinner.”
Castiel smiled without humor. “I only speak with two of my siblings. Anna, who lives in Boston, and Gabe, who’s making pastry out in Los Angeles. My eldest brother, Michael, I haven’t heard from in…” He shook his head. “It’s not important.”
“No.” Castiel stroked Dean’s jaw line and ran a finger across his bottom lip. “I want to see your face.”
“Hi, I’m Dean.” Dean stepped forward, his grin huge and his hand outstretched. “Cas’ neighbor and resident best friend.” His slight emphasis on ‘best’ was hard to miss, which Castiel noticed with an odd flutter in his stomach.
“Easy there, Professor.” Dean plucked the books out of Castiel’s grip. “Can’t have you droppin’ your readin’ material.”
Dean actually chuckled and for a moment Castiel wanted to crawl under the bed. “See you in an hour.”
Dean nodded in approval, still smiling a little. His medium-length beard made his general face and neck area more attractive than usual, and for a moment Castiel was gripped by a severe urge to find out what it felt like against his mouth. “Dr. Bradbury’s great,” Dean replied. “She really knows her stuff. You’re in good hands.” He looked at Castiel again, his eyes a tad more calculating than before. “But, y’know, how’re you?”
“Why don’t you talk to Michael?” Dean sat back on his heels, the Hydrogen Peroxide apparently forgotten.
“That was one of my mother’s tea parties and she used to make me dress up and—” Castiel made another fruitless grab for the album, his legs pressing into Dean’s side. “Dean, give it back!”
“Yeah.” Dean shook his head and replaced the phones. “They didn’t want to drunk dial.” He nudged the doorway despondently with the edge of his foot.
Dean muttered something unintelligible. “I hate not havin’ movies,” he said aloud, pausing to pick at some invisible lint on his knee. “Got any… good books? That aren’t about religion,” he added a split second later.
Castiel huffed and sat back, Bastet chirping at him from where she lay next to his leg. “Don’t give me that,” he replied, running a hand down her back. “I tried, didn’t I?”
They’d sat and watched the rest of the game, Gabe alternately icing his knuckles and his face, much more subdued than they had been earlier. Dean and Gabe kept shooting glances at Castiel, both of them waiting for… something, anything, any sign of being… not unhappy, but at least not okay. The only real change in Castiel was his silence, his inattention: he’d opened his book again, but had only stared down at the words instead of reading them, never once turning the page, his gaze unfocused and dark. Even when he’d spoken to Anna (at Gabe’s insistence), his voice had sounded disconnected, like he wasn’t really paying attention to what he was saying, which was distressing enough in and of itself. The game had started in on the fourth quarter (the Patriots were winning, but Dean found that he didn’t care) when Dean felt a small poke in his side and turned to see Gabe nudging his phone in Dean’s direction, a message typed out on a fresh notepad:
Dean shrugged. “Not really, so long as you’ve got a space heater so you don’t give yourself pneumonia.” He shot Castiel a grin. “But the machinery can get a little uncooperative, I guess.”
“Dean.” Castiel almost smiled. He stepped back and held the door open. “She’s on the couch. And be gentle.”
Gabe looked at him for a moment, his gaze evaluating. “Has he told you about the dreams? The ones from when our dad...?”
Castiel, Sam, and Dean spent the next few hours wandering the nearby woods, bantering and joking and complaining about the wind until the impending loss of sunlight made them realize they had better pick out a tree. The woods were riddled with Douglas Firs (“Don’t ask,” Sam had warned Castiel. “We have no idea how these ended up growing here.”), and they made their decision just as the sun started threatening to go down. The tree was just over six feet tall and full-bodied, giving off the best Christmas-tree smell Castiel had ever experienced. Sam made quick work of the trunk in four swings of the ax, leaving Dean and Castiel to saw the end flat. When they hoisted the tree over their shoulders like pallbearers, Castiel was surprised to find that it was lighter than he’d thought it would be.
Over a very simple breakfast, Gabe had looked at his phone and started laughing. “Three—thousand—likes,” he choked, his eyes starting to water. “Holy shit!”
Castiel sighed as people filed past him; he and Dean had been in the first boarding group, so they’d managed to snag exit-row seats before anyone else did. But, the waiting seemed to be bothering Dean more than anything else. Castiel wished he knew of a sure-fire way to comfort Dean that didn’t involve serious PDA, so he settled for humor, hoping that it would work.
“Nah,” Dean said, his attention still on Bastet. “My shift ended this morning. I just didn’t bother to change before I crashed.”
“Anyway,” Dean was saying, shaking his wrist to look at his watch. “I’m here ‘cause my shift ends in an hour and I thought I’d remind you that you’re gonna be discharged around eleven, maybe noon if the PT is runnin’ late. Means you’re gonna need someone to pick you up.”
“Ditto,” Dean croaked, and then he licked into Castiel’s mouth with a determined ferocity, putting all of himself and his unsaid words into it. Castiel was so distracted that he didn’t notice Dean gently tugging him upwards, breaking away with a gasp when Dean’s mouth was too far to reach. “Cas?” Dean whispered with a quirked grin. “We’re ignorin’ a perfectly good bed here.”
They jumped apart, eyes wide, speechless for a small eternity before Dean demanded, “The hell was that?!”
Dean looked as though he’d been slapped across the face, staring at Castiel with such an expression of disbelief and hurt that Castiel almost regretted it, almost regretted cutting Dean out of his life. But then he remembered that fateful Sunday morning. The shame still pooled thick in his gut.
“Whatever you say, Cas.” Dean shook his head, but he was smiling as he uncapped the Sharpie again. “How d’you feel about Marvin the Martian?”
Dean grinned around the bread. “That’s ‘cause you are.” He looked at Castiel for a moment before saying, “So how’d you sleep?”
“So I dabbled a little in culinary school. What can I say?” Gabe refilled his mug with coffee and sugar. “But I’ve got one of the best bakeries in LA and one of the best food trucks, too. I ain’t exactly complaining.”
Dean nodded. “I get ya, man. Broke my collarbone snowboardin’ last winter. The docs kept me on the heavy stuff for way too long. Always felt like I was swimmin’ in soup.”
“Well, I—” Castiel quickly put down the sandwich and brushed the crumbs off his hands, reaching out for her and receiving a warm hug. “All the better, now that you’re here!”
A comfortable silence opened between them and remained until Dean spoke again. “You know, I’ve been living in Cleveland for goin’ on three years now, and this is the first time I’ve been to this park.” He cast his gaze around them, taking in the trees and grass and nearby bed of flowers. “It’s actually not half bad.”
Castiel glanced at the forms, barely processing the legal jargon but able to understand enough that he knew how much stock he was going to lose, not that he particularly cared. He slid them onto his desk and reached for a pen, signing and initialing in all the right places. When he’d finished, he clicked the pen closed and tried to swallow, Gabe appearing at his shoulder and taking the papers, handing them back to Michael.
Castiel hissed as he was hit with the full force of the freezing air; it had to be at least forty degrees, if not colder. He quickly shoved his feet into his slippers and pulled on his bathrobe, tying it tightly around himself and pushing aside one corner of the curtain, gaping at what he saw.
“Yeah,” Castiel replied, still wary. He sat down in the armchair by Dean’s end of the sofa and pulled out his own chart. They’d agreed on three pieces of candy per child and had even gone to the length of buying the same brands and bags of candy. “How many kids did you end up getting?”
“Yes,” came Castiel’s reply, sounding closer than Dean had expected him to. A moment later, there was the familiar sound of crutches on wooden floorboards and Castiel appeared, looking very pleased with himself. “How is she?”
Castiel spent lunch at what he privately christened the Religion Geeks Table. He was reacquainted with his department, the ten men and women he’d likely be spending the next ten years with, and chatted with them about how the new Catholic Pope was redefining the ethics of Catholicism and the new theories swimming around about extremism in America. He left for his office hours feeling thoroughly at home.
“Great!” Dean stepped past him and headed for the kitchen, calling out a greeting to Bastet, who meowed in response. Bewildered and unconvinced that this wasn’t a hallucination, Castiel followed him, running into the kitchen doorway in the process.
When Dean was satisfied and Jodie was looking triumphant, she handed Castiel a thin sheaf of papers to cement their transaction and a pen. “So did you fall out of a tree or trip over a cat?”
Castiel swallowed too quickly and experienced the odd sensation of a crippling brain freeze mixed with a doubling heart rate. Dean immediately noticed his blush and laughed.
“No,” Castiel mumbled, squeezing the corner of his pillow to prevent himself from rolling over and pulling Dean closer to him.
Dean raised himself and kissed Castiel on the mouth; Castiel caught a vague salty tang and realized he was tasting himself and then he got even dizzier. “Honestly, Cas?” Dean said, his voice low, rough, and his pupils blown wide open. “Take me like one of your French girls.”
“Foot’s fine.” Castiel held up his right leg and rolled his ankle in midair to prove it. “I’m running every morning, and physical therapy’s going well. Dr. Bradbury and I are actually kind of friends. It’s nice.”
“Good.” Dr. Bradbury nodded in approval. “It’d be worth asking that friend if you can rely on them when you need help.” She shrugged. “Takes a village.”
“Yeah,” Castiel replied drily. “And I’m the Queen of England. Look, just hang tight for a moment, okay?” Dean nodded, and Castiel quickly made his way to the downstairs bathroom, pulling out the bottle of acetaminophen he always kept handy. He shook out a few pills and filled a glass with water. A moment later, he was pressing the pills into one of Dean’s hands and the glass into the other. “Come on. Drink.”
“Of course,” he replied. “I’ll see you later.” She left the classroom with a last wave, leaving him and Dean alone in the lecture hall.
“Yeah. I heard it.” Castiel turned back to the counter, his jaw working. He popped open the can with more vigor than was necessary, and some of the Beef Feast in Gravy splattered onto the tiles.
“But Cas, you don’t understand,” he pleaded, practically tugging his much-loved hair out of his skull. “It’s the Patriots versus the Cowboys. The
“Good morning.” Castiel held out the pills, which Dean accepted with some confusion, and the glass, which Dean stared at woefully. “Take these. I don’t think your fever’s broken yet. It’s a long story, but a snowstorm hit during the night, and we’re extremely snowed in. I have to go and make sure that all the other pipes are still working and build a fire. You stay in bed,” he said, shoving the glass closer to Dean when Dean tried to sit up. “You need to rest, and I don’t want you getting up until the house is warmer.”
Gabe grinned back as he put his phone into his pocket. “It’s going to have so many likes by tomorrow morning, I can just taste it.”
Castiel smiled as he hooked up his laptop to the projector, opening his presentation for the day. “Yeah. It has that effect.” When everything was set up, he grabbed a handout from the stack and went over to Dean. “Here’s today’s class.” He gave Dean the handout and gestured to the desks. “You might want to grab a seat before they come in. They’re very protective over their spots.”
Castiel reached into his satchel for his house keys, and a moment later, they were standing in his front entryway. He gestured towards the back of the house. “The kitchen’s in that direction.”
“Isn’t this great?!” Dean spun on the spot, grinning up at the heavens before he refocused on Castiel, his eyes shining merrily. “Don’t you just love the first snow?”
Castiel woke up on Tuesday feeling distinctly… off. Then, he sat up with a gasp, because once again, no dream. Not even a hint of it. He covered his mouth with his hand, belatedly realizing that he
“Ah. Yeah. Hael.” Dean flexed his jaw in a movement that he probably thought Castiel wouldn’t notice, but Castiel was far too good at reading Dean by this point, and Castiel smirked as he led the way to his office. For whatever reason, Dean was jealous of Hael, or at least threatened by her, and Castiel couldn’t fathom it. He did, however, find it highly amusing (and, if he had to admit it, really adorable).
Dean let out a laugh. “Oh.” He bent down and picked up Castiel’s hat from where it had fallen to the ground, brushing off the dust and the few snow flurries that had settled in the fabric; Castiel belatedly realized that it had continued snowing, and the air was gradually becoming thicker and thicker with falling snowflakes.
He heard her chuckle. “I know what you mean.” The elevator dinged and the doors slid open. Jo wheeled him in and turned him around in one practiced, fluid motion. “That was very well done,” he said to her, and he could practically hear her smirk.
Castiel barely refrained from slamming the can down on the counter. “‘I’m gonna head out,’” he said loudly, his voice harsh and grating. “‘I just wanna get out of here as soon as I can. Cas is a great guy, but I need some space. I’m just here ‘til he wakes up, then I’m gone.’” He whirled round, his stomach boiling. “Sound familiar?!”
“You’re not big on pain meds so I gotta make sure you take ‘em.” Dean shrugged. “I’m annoyin’ that way.”
Bobby waved a hand at him and stood up, rubbing his stomach. “I’m gettin’ too old for this.” He made for the doorway. “‘Sides, I know you two’ll wake me up at some ridiculous hour tomorrow.”
, he realized glumly. He’d made the ER before he’d made any friends, now that he was thinking of it.
Castiel had stopped counting his mugs of coffee by the time he hit forty, although by Wednesday he thought the number might’ve been close to sixty, at the lowest. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d eaten something (
“Al’s Drive-In,” Dean read off the printed map, which showed a location about twenty minutes away, over on the other side of town. “What is it?”
Dean snorted and tightened his grip on Castiel’s hand. “All right.” He rolled his shoulders and cleared his throat, giving Castiel a quick peck on the mouth before he started walking downstairs, keeping a firm hold of Castiel’s hand.
Castiel stepped back as well, closer to the snow. “And let me know if everything’s okay over here, no burst pipes or anything.”
Dean was on his feet the moment he heard the door upstairs bang open, and he stared as Gabe and Michael came barrelling down the stairs, Gabe yelling things like, “YOU SICK SON OF A BITCH, YOU JUST HAD TO, DIDN’T YOU?! YOU JUST
“He had a panic attack,” Dean said to Gabe, since it didn’t seem like Castiel would be telling him anything anytime soon. Castiel shot him a dirty look and Gabe’s expression morphed into one of worry.
Dean gave him a sloppy smirk. “I’ve been waitin’ months for this, Cas. Don’t make me wait any longer.”
Left in the dark with only his muted heart monitor for company, Castiel stared at the ceiling, trying to believe he was somewhere else. He’d never liked hospitals, mostly because he hated being taken care of. He wasn’t too fond of the smell, either.
Dean went to put the books down on Castiel’s table before he took a good look around him. “Y’know,” he said, turning slowly on the spot to take everything in. “This school just gets prettier’n prettier.”
It was too much to handle; Castiel pushed forward, pulling Dean in for another kiss, snaking one arm around Dean’s back and sliding the other up Dean’s arm and gripping him by the shoulder. Dean responded eagerly, but a few moments later Dean started smiling again, making it hard for Castiel to kiss him.
Michael’s expression verged on a sneer. “I know.” His gaze returned to Castiel. “I was just passing through on a business trip for the company; I’m not exactly here for pleasure.” The sneer broke out in full force as he held up a blank manila file folder. “I have to speak with Castiel about his stocks in the family company. We’re rewriting policy and—”
“Touching, Cassie.” Gabe plunked the containers down on Castiel’s bedside tray before gently lifting the black bag onto Castiel’s bed. “About two hours ago. As much as I love you, I really needed a shower. And dinner. Besides,
Castiel forced himself to take a breath, ignoring the way Dean was looking at him. “Fourteen was the age at which I came out to my mother and denounced our family’s belief system; our father had left us by then. Michael found out and… he didn’t handle it well.” He became aware of a frantic beeping and realized that the sound was his heart monitor; his heart was pounding unhelpfully. Everyone in the room seemed to notice the change, and Dr. Barnes’ gaze flickered to the monitor before refocusing on him.
“Aren’t we all?” Castiel shot over his shoulder as he ducked into his office, grabbing his copies of the Sutras and Analects. “Now, what did I do with the handouts?”
Then, a deep, rough voice sailed into his room atop a pair of bowlegs. “Lucky Charms, a cheeseburger, and
Dean snorted. The size of the coat made him look a decade younger. “I did, up until about a month ago, when I lost my original and just started usin’ my spare. S’what I get for bein’ lazy.”
Dean grinned. “‘Cause it’s a freakin’ rabbit hole. You eat one bite of ice cream and suddenly you gotta eat the whole store. But today was a good day to come. It’s best to save these things for celebrations.”
As the evening dragged on towards midnight, it was soon time for both of them to go to bed. Castiel insisted on both of them camping out in the living room, since he didn’t want to have to maintain a fire in his bedroom as well and, in doing so, use up his firewood twice as fast. “We’ll be just as comfortable down here,” he insisted as he spread another blanket over Dean, whom he had bundled into the couch as if his life depended on it.
Castiel hopped around his bedroom, one eye on the clock as he desperately tried to pull on his left sock. If he didn’t leave his house in two minutes, he was going to be late on his first day as the new Theology Professor and Department Chair at Oberlin College. No pressure.
Castiel almost chuckled, reaching for Dean’s hand and squeezing it. “Stop freaking out, Dean.” He leaned forward and pressed a quick kiss to Dean’s surprised mouth. They’d only been ‘together’ for a few weeks now, but given everything, it didn’t feel scary, and it didn’t feel wrong. “I love you, too.”
Gabe would take that and twist it into something Castiel couldn’t bring himself to think about. “Hungry?” he asked Gabe, a little louder than usual.
A few minutes later, they were waiting for the elevator, Castiel clutching his new crutches and his stomach fluttering at the idea of Dean potentially waiting out there on the curb for him.
Castiel exhaled, catching the scent of alcohol on his own breath. He took one glance at Hael’s kind, sympathizing expression and spilled everything. He told her about his car accident, the night in the hospital, his meet-cute with Dean, about all the moments of their brief but strong friendship. He told her about how Dean drove him to every follow-up xray, how Dean would constantly hassle Castiel over remembering to eat, how Dean helped find Castiel his new car, and how Dean had put together the celebratory party for him. By the time he reached the point of the overheard phone call, Hael was listening intently, her mouth quirked in the funny way that meant she was paying close attention. Castiel barreled on, positive that he was talking too much, and told her about the events of that evening, how he’d ended up at the emergency vet with the single person in Cleveland that he could barely stand to see.
Castiel leaned forward to take a look at the drawing. “I like it.” He smiled. “You’re good at this.”
Castiel blinked at the white containers sitting on top of his kitchen table. “Did you bring me food?”
Dean hummed and stepped inside, closing the door behind him. “He’s like a peacock, only not as pretty.”
Castiel had raised an eyebrow as he scraped butter onto a piece of toast. “What photo did you post this time, Gabe?”
“I…” Castiel tried lamely before grabbing the phone and closing the window. “It doesn’t matter.” He slid the phone back across the table to Dean.
“Sorry, I just—” Dean pecked a kiss to Castiel’s mouth but kept on smiling. “You really thought I was straight?”
A medial malleolus fracture is a break in the tibia, at the inside of the lower leg. Fractures can occur at different levels of the medial malleolus.
The nurse cracked a grin and reached up to scratch at the three-day stubble lining his jaw. A very angular, lovely jaw, Castiel noted. “Well, that’s your name, innit? Dr. Castiel Novak,” he read aloud off the chart, “Professor of Theology at Oberlin College.”
“Since I first saw you,” Castiel mumbled into Dean’s neck, nudging aside the edge of the jacket enough to run his teeth over Dean’s pulse point, loving the way Dean jumped in return.
Castiel couldn’t stop himself from sighing. A small part of him had been hoping that they’d let him go that night with a little orange bottle and new shiny pair of crutches in hand.
“What, wanna visit?” Dean nodded. “Of course. You’ve seen me do my nurse thing, ‘bout time I saw you do your teacher thing.” He took another bite of his egg roll. “I got Friday off. Would that work?”
Castiel refocused on his attending registered nurse, a young woman with a smooth ponytail and bright eyes. Some corner of his brain revived enough to admire the fact that she wasn’t showing any physical evidence of having just completed a twelve-hour shift. “Hard to tell,” he grated. “I can’t even feel my foot. Or my ribs. Or much of anything.”
Dean was staring at him, his fingers toying with the ties on the sweatpants. “Cas, I—” Dean swallowed. “I don’t know what to say.”
She grinned as she headed for the phone sitting on his desk. “I had a wonderful summer. I spent most of it exploring Barcelona with some friends.”
Dean shook his head. “Like Hell.” He stood up and wandered over to Castiel’s bedside table. He switched off the lamp and turned towards the bed. “Well, scoot over.”
Castiel’s bed was big, but it wasn’t colossal. He was very much aware of Dean’s weight and the warmth he exuded, and it was making sleep even harder to chase. More to break the silence than anything, he murmured, “You weren’t drinking tonight.”
Michael smiled thinly and stepped past Gabriel. “Thank you, Castiel.” He brushed some invisible dust off his sleeve and went into the living room, taking in his surroundings. “Interesting décor. It’s so… homey.” His gaze landed on the couch area, and Dean hastily stood up, muting the TV. “I see I interrupted quite the party.” Michael looked incredibly pleased with himself. “Who’s this?”
“So tell me,” Dean said through a mouthful of Kung Pao Chicken and Fried Rice about an hour later. “About this fancy-pants school’a yours. Are the other professors bein’ nice to you? Do the kids throw shit in class?”
p.s. al's drive-in isn't actually a thing in cleveland (sadly) and nor is there a garage next to 2154 fulton road.
“So, Raj,” Castiel gestured to the seat across from him. “How are you finding those criticisms I lent you? Too dense, or not detailed enough?”
Castiel’s face broke into a smile and he carded his fingers through Dean’s hair again, loving that he could do this now. “Merry Christmas, Dean.”
film when there was a light knock at Castiel’s office door. It was Raj, the bespectacled beanpole who had a particular interest in Shintoism.
, a Christmas present from Anna) and turned his attention to the Introduction. “So read your damn book.”
“Are you seein’ anyone?” was Dean’s next question, so abrupt that Castiel, having almost recovered, fell into another coughing fit.
Dean glanced down at his hand of cards and shrugged. “I’m not about to win anytime soon.” He smiled at Castiel. “We’ve got some time.”
Garth, who had lost both his socks and his button-down (but not his t-shirt), was still grinning with utter benevolence. Castiel, on the other hand, was sending a prayer to every god he could think of, begging them to let him keep his shirt and pants.
“Wanna watch some TV instead? Might be easier than tryin’ to sleep.” Castiel suddenly realized that Dean was being kind.
“Too true.” Dean set to work, his hand careful as he sketched out the preliminary outlines. “Have you changed your dressings yet today?”
Castiel coughed, the tension slowly leaking out of his body. His room was still dark, save for the glow from his heart monitor and the fluorescent light pooling in from the hallway; the door to his room was open. “I wasn’t screaming, was I?”
“Mmm,” was the last thing Castiel heard as he drifted off to sleep, Dean’s lips pressed to the back of his neck.
“So. Dean.” Castiel scooped up another spoonful of his unbelievably-good Turtle Sundae. “Why have you never taken me here before?”
Meg, as Dean had introduced her, was the Devil’s sun and stars. She was short, beautiful, and deeply intimidating. Even her teeth looked sharp. Garth, however, was just a skinny teddy bear who hugged Castiel on sight and said, “Your home is real nice. Thank you for sharing it.” Kevin worked in IT and was apparently so smart that he could theoretically hack into the CIA’s mainframe. “It gets tempting,” he’d said after picking through the vegetarian options: “The government sucks.”
She chuckled, walking with him back to his room. “I can’t blame you. Hospitals can be pretty suffocating.” He looked at her in surprise — was everyone in this hospital so open with their patients? “So you’re on these for six weeks, aren’t you?” she continued.
Castiel opened the box of cards and slid the deck into his hand. “So are you in, or are you out? Going to leave me sitting here playing Solitaire until the crack of dawn?”
Castiel’s response was a high-pitched whine and his trembling escalated; Dean could practically feel himself vibrating from the contact. Terrified and at a loss for what to do, Dean started pleading with him, saying things like, “C’mon, Cas, it’s okay, you’re okay, he’s gone and he’s not comin’ back, you’re okay, I promise, please, please just come back to me, buddy, please come back—”
“Oh, and Dean’s coming,” Anna tossed over her shoulder as she settled back into drawing what looked to be the love child of a serpent and a griffin.
Castiel shook his head. “Nothing.” He leaned in closer and started to work on the buttons, slower than he had before. “You’re… just… the most…”—he punctuated his words with kisses to Dean’s exposed torso—“... beautiful… person… I’ve ever known.” He tilted upwards to land a final, almost chaste kiss to Dean’s mouth. Only then did he notice that Dean was trembling, his green eyes boring into Castiel’s like his life depended on it.
“I’m …” Dean gasped. The flush across his skin deepened, becoming a deep crimson. “Cas!” he squeaked, writhing underneath him. Then Dean shot between them, Castiel close behind as he bit Dean’s shoulder to stop from screaming out, Dean pulling a pillow over his face.
Castiel slowly opened his eyes and stared fixedly out the window above his sink. “Ten days for the stitches. And the head cone. Four weeks for the cast.” He straightened up and opened one of the nearest cupboards, keeping his back to Dean as he pulled out a can of Fancy Feast. “But you probably already guessed that.”
“Fuck,” he swore, barely managing to keep his voice low. Somehow, for some what-the-hell-ever reason, Mother Nature had decided to succumb Cleveland to a surprise snowstorm.
“I, uh.” He licked his lips and recovered. “You’re not taking advantage. I hardly ever use this TV, especially during the school year. Although being injured has definitely switched things up.”
Then Dean started drilling Jodie for the facts, and they spent the next awfully-long-amount-of-time verbally picking the Rambler apart. Castiel stayed on the sidelines and tried to follow what they were saying but when the word “carburetor” surfaced he called it quits and zoned out completely.
“All quiet,” she replied, sliding Castiel’s satchel off her shoulder and handing it to Dean. “I wouldn’t let him carry it,” she explained at Dean’s questioning look. “There are about ten books in there and he had his new crutches to worry about.”
“All right,” Castiel said expectantly, gesturing to the bed. “Get in. Get snuggly. Under the covers, under the pillows if you really want to.”
An hour or so later, Castiel finally gathered his things to go home, and Hael bundled Bastet into her carrier, making sure there were at least two blankets to keep her warm. Castiel thanked Hael as he shouldered the bag, wishing her a good night as he left the office. Once he was safely down the hallway, Hael ducked into his office, her hopeful mood vanishing when she saw the French roll sitting on the edge of his desk, the smallest part of the end broken off.
Castiel stood up as well, unsure of what to do with his hands and nervously seeking out Dean’s gaze. “Are— are you sure?”
She’d rolled up to his house in a modern truck towing a small trailer behind her. Castiel had found himself reminded of the trailers that carried horses down highways before Jodie popped open the back and his new 1960 Nash Rambler gleamed up at him, cheerful despite the shadow. “You made a good choice,” she said as she and Dean towed the Rambler onto the road. “She’s been sitting in my garage for Lord knows how long.”
that a therapist began to disparagingly question Castiel’s career. All in all, it was rather… overwhelming. He was finally left alone around seven o’clock in the evening, when the doctors began to retreat to their homes and dinners.
“Let’s have a little perspective here, Dean,” Castiel said, deadpan. “Flying in an airplane is easier than feeding five thousand people with only five loaves of bread and two fish.”
Gabe noticed and his face twisted with fury; he gave Michael an extra-hard shove out of the room, the door flying open. He manhandled Michael down the stairs, shouting things that Castiel couldn’t discern, and Castiel gripped the edge of the desk, feeling the room start to spin around him, his vision blurring, his lungs unable to take in enough oxygen as his throat constricted with fear.
“Nah,” she replied, a smile dancing in the corners of her mouth. “I love roadtrips. ‘Specially ones that go across the country.”
“Nope,” Castiel hedged. “You should give the castle spikes on the walls. And then put the decapitated heads of the Damned on the spikes.”
first: i've never been to oberlin and i only have a very crude understanding of the campus layout, so i definitely took some liberties with the size of castiel's department (although i did research that!) and with castiel's office layout - i don't know where the quad is, or if there even is a quad, or if the theology dept's offices are right above the quad.
And the next thing Castiel knew he was on his back and Dean was pulling off Castiel’s boxers, mouthing a hot line of kisses down Castiel’s torso, paying special attention a spot whenever Castiel’s breathing hitched or he let out a stuttered moan. He nuzzled at Castiel’s happy trail before winking at Castiel, and then he ducked his head and swallowed Castiel’s cock down in one go, burying his nose in the nest of dark hair at the base.
“I… all righ’.” Dean took the glass of water and quickly swallowed the pills, chugging the rest of the water down in one go and grimacing as he finished. “Bleh. My throat feels like it hit the bad end of a dragon.” He handed the glass back to Castiel.
Gabe strode into the picture, his frame rippling with fury as he stepped between Castiel and their eldest brother. “What the hell are you doing here, Michael?” he demanded, his voice barely below a shout.
Castiel responded with a garbled noise before plowing through most of the sandwich, only pausing to break off a few grapes and toss them into his mouth. By the time he was finishing off the last corner, Dean sat down with his own grilled cheese and a grin that was wider than usual.
Castiel felt a sudden urge to salute. “Yes, sir.” He held out his right hand for the second time that day. “I’m thrilled to meet you at last.”
RN Sally glanced at her watch and bit her lip. “Listen, my shift’s almost up, but I’d be pretty pissed at myself if I didn’t at least get you something for dinner.”
Castiel shook his head. He wondered whether Dean was telling the truth about raising his younger brother, because that wasn’t something that you just threw around in casual conversation. “I don’t even like pudding.”
“For the record, I don’t normally go around telling people about my history, either,” Castiel snapped. “You were the first person outside of my family who knew, but I’m not the one who insulted you and made you feel like shit after opening up to you.”
Castiel hesitated, caught between guilt and not wanting to throw up. Eventually, he stuck his fork into a small cluster of pasta and half a meatball, spinning it gently until he had a little bundle. Ignoring his instincts, he quickly shoved the bite into his mouth and chewed.
Friday, October 2nd, was the first day it rained. Castiel discovered that his right foot did in fact hurt — a quite surprising amount — when it rained; Hael burst into laughter when he appeared at his office door soaked down to his suit (he’d forgotten his umbrella) and wearing the expression of a bad-tempered elderly bulldog. He took off his poor trench coat, hung it on the coat stand to dry, and stumped into his office, favoring his left foot. “Yes,” he said to Hael, fighting down his own laughter. “My foot hurts when it rains. It’s very unhelpful.”
Dean wiggled a little against him. “Gahhhhhh. Relax, Cas.” His words were slurred, so every sound was running into the one after it. “You’re so nice but sometimes you aren’t a very good pillow.” He nuzzled into Castiel’s neck and Castiel almost had a heart attack. “But then sometimes you’re a great pillow. S’why I like you so much. So so much.” He let out a sigh. “I’m sorry I stole your Brandenburgs. But they make me think of you. That’s why it’s hard to give ‘em back.”
Gabe shot Castiel a mixed look of consternation and genuine worry before returning his attention to Michael. “Michael, this is Castiel’s friend, Dean.”
“Dean, I’m—” he managed to stutter out as a warning, feeling like he was going to explode. Dean looked up at him, lips wrapped obscenely around Castiel’s cock, pupils blown. Castiel tried to tug him off, writhing, but Dean just sucked harder.
Dean cleared his throat again and he said, “Well… Cas and I, we…” He glanced at Castiel. “We’re, uh, together,” he finished lamely, swinging their joined hands as evidence.
“I’m gonna show you how a car works.” Dean reappeared, holding his own black duffle coat, beanie, and scarf. “‘Cause that was a ridiculous question.” He buttoned his coat and shoved on his beanie; Castiel hastily did the same.
Dean stared at Castiel for a good, long moment before giving in, shaking his head. “Might as well,” he grumbled, stepping out into the hallway. “Just lemme tell Garth what’s what and we can get started.” He disappeared, and Castiel heard the edges of a mumbled conversation, followed by a laugh that was definitely not Dean’s. Then, Dean reappeared and started to smile. “All right, Go Fish it is.”
Castiel did reappear a few minutes after his class ended, somehow looking worse than he had before, his travel mug presumably refilled, wavering as he came into the office. Hael stood up, offering him the tray: “I happened to be down in the cafeteria and took the liberty of grabbing you some lunch. Hope you don’t mind.”
Castiel snorted. “As if. Now go on.” He raised his eyebrows, and a moment later, Dean gave in, snuggling under Castiel’s thick duvet and pressing his head against a plush pile of pillows on the same side he had slept on almost two months ago (Castiel distinctly heard him mumble, “This is so weird — Batman tryin’ to tuck me in—”). Dean snuffled a little before closing his eyes, the duvet tucked right up under his chin.
Bastet’s reply was swallowed in the snap of his back door as he made his way out of the house and down the garden path. A moment later, he was pushing the button to open the automatic door of his garage and settling himself behind the wheel of his Rambler before he started the engine.
Castiel balked at the implication in Gabriel’s voice and noticed a blush flood Dean’s neck, but Dean managed to reply before he did: “We had a candy competition on Friday night, what with Halloween and all—”
Castiel went back into his bedroom, carrying the cold medicine. Dean had carefully folded all of the components of his costume and left them in a neat pile on one of Castiel’s chairs. Dean was sitting on the bed, still looking as if he didn’t quite know what to do with himself.
Castiel huffed, not looking at Dean. “Fine. Your call.” He turned for the stairs. “Give me one second.” He ran upstairs, pulling open the linen closet and grabbing a stack of towels. He charged back downstairs, pausing only to pull on his trenchcoat and check that he had his car keys. “C’mon,” he said roughly to Dean, stepping past him. “We should cover her up so she doesn’t get too wet.” He shook out a towel and laid it gently over Bastet, who turned her big, shaken eyes on him. Feeling a pang in his chest, Castiel leaned in, ignoring the proximity of Dean’s warm torso, and stroked the top of her head, kissing the soft fur between her ears. “You’re going to be fine,” he murmured. “I promise.” He kissed her again before he straightened up. Dean was staring at him. “What?” Castiel asked, rather gruffly.
“That didn’t count,” Dean insisted, hoisting his duffel over his shoulder. “That was only for an hour. This is sweet, blessed earth.”
Castiel rolled the condom on, his face flushing even darker at the way Dean was watching him. Bending to cover Dean’s chest with kisses, he slid a pillow under Dean’s hips, and then he lined himself up, staring down at Dean before he went any further. “Ready?” Castiel asked again, his voice a tremor.
Dean glanced at his watch again, his forehead puckering as his mouth did something between a frown and a grimace. “Where d’you live?” he asked Castiel, his voice gruff.
“That would be my brother, Gabe,” Castiel chimed in as he hesitantly stepped into the house, dragging his suitcase along behind him. “He and my sister stayed with me for a little while when I wasn’t feeling very well. Gabe’s a chef in L.A. and likes feeding people.”
Gabe popped open the can, grabbed a spoon, and started to fill one of Bastet’s food dishes. “He forgot to give Bastet her dinner, for starters.”
“You bet. Ain’t she somethin’?” Dean ran his hands down the side of the car with a sort of reverence. Castiel swallowed heavily, wondering if that was the same way Dean would touch someone who—
Dean was cheerfully unwrapping the plates, which were piled high with spaghetti and meatballs. “Come and get it,” Dean told him, grabbing two sets of cutlery. Castiel obeyed with reluctance, a reluctance that wasn’t obvious until they were sitting at Castiel’s dining table and Dean was halfway through his meal while Castiel had barely taken a bite.
He and Hael, as he’d expected, quickly became firm friends. They’d even met up for brunch once or twice, Hael taking the opportunity to show Castiel around Cleveland, which he still hadn’t really explored. His favorite place so far was Bella’s Chocolates: “The best damn chocolatier east of the Mississippi,” Hael claimed. Castiel had to admit that their chocolate turtles were especially delicious. He took to keeping a small take-away box of them in his office.
Dean nodded in agreement, squishing the oatmeal experimentally with his spoon. Castiel reached for his own mug and dug into his oatmeal, watching Dean for a reaction. Dean raised the spoon to his face, giving the glob of oatmeal a once-over before taking a hesitant bite: his expression went flat as he chewed.
Castiel shrugged, his hand buried in Bastet’s tummy fur. “In my house, it was more Brandenburg Concertos than pop culture.”
Castiel ignored the way their fingers brushed as he took both cups. He tossed back the pill and swallowed it with a mouthful of water.
Castiel shrugged, tucking Bastet against his side and sitting down on the couch, reaching for the small knitted garment he’d left on the coffee table. “I keep it handy for the colder months. She is a short hair, after all.” He slid Bastet onto his lap before gently pulling the tiny sweater over her head, then carefully lifting each front paw and nudging them through the arm holes, Bastet licking his wrists through the entire process. Then, he unfurled the rest of the sweater down her body, where it almost reached her hind legs, gave her a quick kiss on the head, and put her back in her basket.
Michael gave him this look that had Castiel gulping and taking another step back. “Los Angeles was my next port of call and I was going to speak with Anna on my way home, not that it matters.” He returned his attention to Castiel. “So. Can we talk?”
“Garth doesn’t do cell phones.” Dean ran a hand along his jaw, and he suddenly looked twice as tired.
“Sally was here yesterday.” Dean smiled as he turned on the TV. “Remember? The RN when you had your broken leg? She saw you through the door when you were still asleep and she asked me what you had done to yourself this time. We got to talkin’, and she confessed that you two had quite the
also: yes, i know that cas is a little young to be a full-out professor. BUT, as you'll find out later (wink), his credentials and status in his field are crazy good, and oberlin (at least, in this universe...) offered him both the departmental chair and professor positions to make their offer the most lucrative out there, especially because they wanted to reinvent their theology dept and make it a lot better. cas's popularity is also why his course was suddenly so full.... ;)
Dean snuggled deeper into his corner of the sofa (he was still half-buried in the duvet) and started counting off his fingers. “We fed Bastet, washed all the dishes, made meal plans for the next five days, played nine rounds of Go Fish, and you made me drink your damn voodoo tea and put on your damn Oberlin hoodie.” He raised an eyebrow. “Haven’t we done it all?”
Castiel tuned out the hustle and bustle of people finding their seats, refocusing when he heard and felt the rumble of the plane’s engines turning on. Dean went rigid as the flight attendants started demonstrating and narrating the different safety procedures, the knuckles on the hand that was clenching his iPod stark white as the plane turned towards the runway. Then, as the flight attendants buckled in and the plane started to gear up for takeoff, Dean’s jaw clenched tightly and his breathing picked up. Just as Castiel was about to say something calming, the plane’s engines kicked into high-gear and they were pressed into their seats as the plane roared down the runway; Dean sucked in a breath and before Castiel could ask him if he was all right, Dean grabbed him firmly by the arm. Too surprised to say anything, Castiel barely noticed as they lifted into the air. As the plane stabilized and flattened out, he felt rather than heard Dean’s slow exhale, and when Dean’s hand didn’t move from his arm, Castiel couldn’t hold back a smile.
“So you need a new car?” Dean stared disbelievingly at him. “Cas, why didn’t you tell me before?!” He grabbed Castiel’s wrist and tugged him in the direction of the road. “C’mon, Cas!”
“That’s good.” She scribbled something on his chart before going to check his levels. Her ID badge caught the light: her name was Sally. “You seem to be doing just fine. You should be discharged tomorrow afternoon, after you see a Physical Therapist.”
Castiel raised an eyebrow as he came in from the kitchen, carrying two bowls of chili. “I thought you said you didn’t watch
Castiel could only blink for a moment because that wasn’t at all what he’d thought Dean would ask him. “Coming back, I think.” He flexed his right hand experimentally and was pleased to see the way it curled in and out of a fist. He started trying to move his feet and smiled when they bent and stretched accordingly under the covers. “Is it normal that I couldn’t really move?”
Castiel raised his uninjured eyebrow at his apple. “For some reason, I’m not sure I like the sound of that. Hold on.” Gabe’s words sunk in and he looked up in surprise. “Two thousand?!”
Dean shook his head and loaded up the DVD. Castiel tried to ignore the way Dean’s shirt rode up his back and exposed a line of slightly tanned skin. “Looks like you need more’n just a movie education,” Dean said.
and i don't think i ever mentioned this, but feel free to reach out to me (or, y'know, yell at me) on tumblr - if i have enough of you guys following me, i'll post when i put in a chapter update :) arspondency.tumblr.com!
“You can’t prove anything.” Castiel dug into his chili, automatically shifting so that his feet were intertwined with Dean’s.
Dean surreptitiously took the phone from Gabe, trying not to attract Castiel’s attention, and typed out a reply:
She was staring at him, her blue eyes wide. She warily approached him and leaned on the bar. “What are you doing here?”
“I don’t snore.” Castiel scowled at what he thought was the pill. “Would you mind turning on a light?”
The next hand proved his prayers futile. “C’mon, Cas,” Kevin said, sending him a drunken grin. “Shirt. Off.”
“The best kind. I may be sick, but that doesn’t mean I couldn’t take you in a fight. So are you gonna come up here, or am I gonna have to make you?”
Castiel made a garbled noise and gestured furiously at the piece of paper. “It’s not my fault your artistic vision is crucially impaired!”
Castiel smiled a little. “Of course, Dean. Goodnight.” He reached for the bedside lamp and turned it off, throwing the room into complete darkness. He started to leave, but Dean seized Castiel’s arm, his hand hot with fever.
“Yeah, yeah, go for it.” Dean waved him away, already busy doing something with a wrench or whatever it was called and humming along to the Led Zeppelin playing in the background.
Dean shook his head and pulled up one of the miscellaneous chairs that was floating around the classroom. “All right. You owe me a lesson in the History of Cas.” He sat down on the other side of the table. “Go.”
Dean was chuckling under his breath, holding his hands up in a placating gesture. “Easy there, twitchy. S’not the first time someone’s fallen asleep on me.”
Castiel reached for one of two mugs sitting next to the fireplace. “Here’s your oatmeal. I managed to boil some water before I started the bacon.” He stuck a spoon into the oatmeal and handed the mug to Dean, grabbing a plate that he filled with bacon and eggs before giving it to Dean’s other hand.
“No problem,” Dean replied, his voice unsteady. “I’m just glad I got to her in time, that she’s okay.” He blinked. “I don’t know what I would’ve done if she… y’know.”
Dr. Bradbury looked him over, brushing her short fringe out of her eyes. “They’re a little tall,” she said, crouching in front of him. He couldn’t see what she was doing, but then there was an odd popping sound, and his left crutch dropped an inch or so before clicking back into place. She did the same thing to his right crutch, and Castiel realized that he wasn’t so uncomfortable anymore. “That’s much better,” he acknowledged, and Dr. Bradbury straightened up with a grin.
Dean watched him for a good long moment, the room silent. In the background, Tony was in the middle of telling Dr. Banner that he needed to strut.
“Dude,” Dean drawled, licking some stay sour cream off his fingers (Castiel felt his insides turn to warm goop). “This is one of the best burritos I’ve ever had.”
“No, I’ve got some work to do,” Castiel replied, trying to sidestep the question. For whatever reason, he hadn’t had the dream last night, and he didn’t want to risk the possibility of it returning full-throttle and worse than it usually was. “I should really finish it while I can.”
Dean shook his head and rolled his eyes. “You’re gonna have to start owin’ me a dollar every time you apologize for no reason.” He put both cups back on Castiel’s tray and leaned on the bed rail, his arms crossed against his chest. “D’you remember what happened?”
“What are you worrying about?” Castiel asked him, giving Dean’s hand a quick squeeze. “Do you really think that they’d be upset about this?”
playing dimly in the back of his mind. Just as he was about to slip away, he could’ve sworn that he felt a warm, familiar hand nudge and grip his own.
Dean lifted one shoulder and rolled his hips; Castiel gasped as Dean’s hardened length grazed across his own through the thin layers of cotton. “Let’s just say that I keep the lube for when I’m alone.” Dean’s eyes were dark and glinting. “And the condom? A silver lining.”
Castiel managed to get lost on the way to his new office, even though he’d been there at least two or three times before. He was staring absently at a room number he didn’t recognise when a bright voice chirped from somewhere to his left: “Lost, Dr. Novak?”
Less than three minutes later, Castiel watched the front door of Dean’s house open as Dean appeared, wearing a pair of rumpled scrubs and his customary leather jacket. Dean glanced nervously at Castiel’s house as he approached, rubbing his palm against his bearded jaw as he pushed open Castiel’s front gate. He continued up the front walk and cleared his throat just before he disappeared from Castiel’s line of sight, and a moment later, there was a light knock at Castiel’s front door.
Dean’s smile twitched and grew into something genuine. “You do that. I’ll just…” He gestured to the hallway, his gaze lingering on Castiel, before he looked away and headed upstairs.
Dean paused when Castiel didn’t follow him, turning when he reached the front gate. “Are you… smilin’?”
“Because, uh, y’know.” Gabe shifted a little. “It’s basically all you consumed for two weeks straight. And you weren’t really in a good place while you were doing it, so I just thought—”
“I haven’t had one in years, not since—” He chuckled humorlessly. “Not since the last time I saw Michael, actually.” Castiel shuddered bodily and shrank back into his seat again.
“Aw, you cooked?” Dean wheedled, giving Bobby his trademark shit-eating grin. “Honey, you shouldn’t have.” He danced out of the way as Bobby aimed a half-hearted kick at him, laughing all the while.
Dean was still looking at him, his expression as unreadable as it had been before. Then, he took a slow step towards Castiel, then another, and another, until he was standing right in front of Castiel, unbelievably flattering in the reflected light and standing like he was on the verge of doing something or saying something. Dean’s jaw twitched briefly, then he said, “Here, let me help with that.”
“All machines are ladies, Cas.” Dean stepped in, a glint in his eye. “You’re gonna have to pick a name for her soon.”
“Hey, Cas?” Dean rumbled a few minutes later, just as Debbie Reynolds started to sing, ‘Good Mornin’!’
and yes, 2153 and 2154 fulton road in cleveland, ohio actually exist. as does dave's supermarket. you can google maps the addresses and actually see the houses i've made to be dean's and castiel's :D if any of you actually live in cleveland, i'm sorry if any of this is inaccurate and for cyber-stalking your city <3
A few minutes later, Dean’s ears pricked up, because was that—? He straightened in his seat (he was sitting in the back, with Castiel and Gabe in the front) and leaned forward slightly, starting to smile, because Castiel was mumbling along with the lyrics to “Prehistoric Man.” Dean eagerly made eye contact with Gabe, because that was a good sign, wasn’t it?
Castiel chuckled without humor and slid the glass of beer slightly further away from him. “All right, I get it.”
Castiel frowned. “I never told you about that?” When Dean shook his head, Castiel shrugged. “It’s my fourth. It’s basically just rewriting and editing my most recent paper, but it can get time consuming.”
“I know, I know,” Sam replied, seeming to sober up a little. “So. You doin’ okay?” His Midwestern twang always resurfaced when he was talking to Dean.
Castiel frowned. “Hael, you’re my assistant. There are… boundaries. And we crossed about a third of them when you stopped to say hi.”
The past six weeks of his life had been some of the strangest and best. Getting used to having a friend — to having
“If you’re still riding that train, then you aren’t as smart as I thought you were.” But Gabe wisely let it drop, and the conversation moved on.
“Of course. That’s the way of the Universe, as dictated by the holy texts transcribed by the angel of Thursday.” Castiel side-eyed Dean. “It’s fate.”
Dean’s gaze seemed hesitant. “Can I ask what your realization was? The thing that made you realize you didn’t believe what your parents believed?”
“It’s just…” Castiel took a breath and cast his gaze over the silent, frosted neighborhood that was shining brightly in the sudden fall sunshine. “It’s my favorite kind of snow. And it’s all melting, so it’ll be gone soon, but it’s just…” He sighed happily, momentarily forgetting the tension between himself and Dean. “It’s just beautiful.”
Seething and almost sweating through his button-down, he gave one last tug and the sock finally cooperated. “Thank you Zeus and all your pretty bastards!” He lunged for his bed, grabbing his suit jacket and the pair of semi-fancy shoes he’d somehow remembered to dust off the night before. Bastet meowed and ran after him, almost getting tangled in his feet as he charged downstairs.
“Well…” Gabe started scrolling down on his screen. “They’re all saying how cute you are and whatever.” He rolled his eyes. “Clearly, none of them have any taste.”
was getting a little lonely without you.” He reached over and unzipped the top of the bag, which Castiel suddenly realized was actually Bastet’s carrier, and a moment later, Bastet’s head popped out of the bag as she gave a loud meow.
She nodded, briefly tucking the end of her pencil between her teeth as she considered her shading. “Gabe invited him.” She shoved the drawing under Castiel’s nose. “Does that look like a Fortress of the Damned in the background? Or just an average castle? Be honest.”
Dean, though, was a different story. He was obstinate to a tee, calling Castiel at least once a day and showing up on his porch almost every night with food in hand before he went off to his shift. Castiel took extreme precautions, ignoring his phone and pretending that he couldn’t hear Dean’s knocks and eventually, his pleading. Gabe started to call more frequently, Anna too, and soon, he could feel Hael’s wary gaze even when his door was closed. It made him so frustrated that he wanted to sob, because he couldn’t explain this to them, he couldn’t make them understand that he had to be left alone, that he had to wait out this ‘spell’ like a drought.
Dean thought for a moment before raising his gaze above the edge of the book. “Irwin. Or maybe Papa Chance. He reminds me of my dad a little,” he added before Castiel could ask why. “And Winnie’s just…” Dean shook his head. “He’s kinda… wonderful.”
“All right, that’s it.” Gabe grabbed Michael by the shoulders and pushed him towards the door. “You’re done. You’re leaving.”
Castiel bit his tongue. “I have a soft spot for the Baroque period. And classical music in general.”
Dean snorted through a chuckle. “What, to sit in a wheelchair and stare at your neighbors ‘til you figure out one of them’s a murderer?”
Gabe’s expression turned serious. “Look, Dean. I don’t know what your feelings might be for my brother, but going off of what I’ve noticed, I think you’re definitely a little more than interested. And he definitely feels the same way about you.”
Castiel wished them both a goodnight, Dean grudgingly doing the same. Castiel could’ve sworn he saw Bobby and Sam exchange some kind of secretive look before they headed upstairs, both of them smirking, but shook off the feeling before he got too paranoid.
“Shit,” came Dean’s muttered curse, and he gave Castiel an apologetic look. “That was the cat’s fault, not mine.”
There was a beat of silence, then: “What’s goin’ on, Cas? I mean…” Dean appeared to struggle for the words. “I haven’t talked to you in over a month, and you’re bein’ all… Did I do something wrong? Are you mad at me?”
Dean snorted, finishing off Bugs Bunny. “There ya go.” At this point, Castiel’s cast sported a host of different Loony Tunes characters and a couple of Smurfs.
Castiel fumbled for purchase on something, slowly returning to reality. His fingers found something warm and clung onto it. “N-nightmare?”
South Dakota was undeniably beautiful, and Castiel looked up at the murky grey sky with less trepidation than before: maybe snow wouldn’t be so bad. They drove for almost forty-five minutes out of the center of the city and into rambling fields and forests. Then a sign on the side of the road appeared, reading ‘Singer Auto Repair and Restoration,’ and Sam turned up a gravel driveway. Castiel peered out the window with interest at the empty repair yard that sat in front of a large garage and shop before they were going around a corner and a tall, old wooden house with a massive porch loomed in front of them.
Castiel exhaled slowly, trying not to think about the way Dean was kneeling next to him, gently rubbing Hydrogen Peroxide over the cuts along Castiel’s leg. The space between them seemed to hum, though with what Castiel was unsure. One thing he did know was that his interest in Dean wasn’t going anywhere, and that he was setting himself up for a long bout of unrequited pining.
“Thank you so much, Dean,” Castiel said for the sixth time that day. “I very much appreciate your helping me. It was a very kind and generous thing for you to do.”
“All right,” Castiel whispered back. “I’ll stay.” Gritting his teeth, he slid onto the bed, gently lifting the duvet and settling himself what he thought to be a reasonable distance from Dean. But a split second later, Dean the Octopus was wrapping himself around Castiel, tugging him around so that they were facing each other and burying his face in Castiel’s shoulder, Bastet curled in between them.
“Oh, am I?” Michael smirked, looking at Gabe like he was some kind of overzealous puppy before his cold, dark eyes locked onto Castiel, who started to shake in his seat.
It would be the first time in years that he’d gone a night without it, the last time being the night he passed out after staying awake for over forty-eight hours. Castiel squeezed his eyes shut, wondering if he was still asleep and imagining the whole thing, but when he opened them again, everything was the same; the ceiling above him, the walls around him, the thick duvet sealing him in, the paws pressed into his leg, the arm wrapped around his—
“How’s it feel?” the nurse asked him as she tossed the remains of his cast into the garbage; Castiel felt a small pang as he watched Dean’s doodles disappear into the metal bin.
“I know, I know.” Dean stepped a little closer. “And I will apologize for that as many times as you want me to. Just, y’know…” A smile ghosted across his face. “Can we go back to, y’know, the way we were before?”
at some point,” Dean reminded him, pulling up the information on the Rambler’s current owner. “Don’t forget that.”
Castiel’s fireplace was easily the biggest thing in his living room, next to his television. The old-fashioned red-brick fireplace was along the far wall, which connected to the fireplace he had in his bedroom upstairs, and he kept the TV caddy-cornered next to it. His couch and armchairs were correspondingly diagonal, with his stereo in the corner across from the TV, with each gadget framing his front windows, which currently displayed the three-and-a-half-foot snow drifts piling up past his porch. But, now that they were using the fireplace, he’d readjusted the couch, coffee table, and arm chairs so that they were facing the fire. The small camping stove was placed on the fireplace’s brick ledge, which was knee-height and ran the length of the wall. Since his dining room was just an extension of his living room, he hadn’t had a way to trap the heat, but he had closed the doors to the kitchen and downstairs bathroom.
She laughed. “Who wouldn’t be?” She looked down at his chart and added a few things before signing off. “Well, you’re good to go, Castiel. Just remember to be careful on the stairs and take it slow, all right?”
. He settled down with a pile of grading, his light coming from one of two battery-powered lamps (one was perched by Castiel, and the other on the floor by Dean’s end).
Dean moaned at that and bucked his hips. Castiel acquiesced, pressing further forward and fucking into Dean, caging Dean with his limbs, pressing his lips to any available patch of skin. He slowed down when he felt the angle was right, wanting to pace it out, savor the feeling of Dean’s sweaty skin pressed against his. The slide became almost unbearable, tripping the line between pleasure and pain, but Dean was coming undone beneath him, murmuring a broken string of curses, sounds, and Castiel’s name. Castiel didn’t want to stop, loving the feeling of them together, the sound of their skin brushing together.
Dean gave him a triumphant grin, or a watered-down version of one, anyway. “Hundred and twenty-seven. Beat that, Brucie.”
“No, I was in the kitchen.” Castiel tried to slow his breathing in order to calm himself. “I need to get her to the vet.”
Coming with a half-stifled yell, Castiel threw his head back against the pillow as Dean shuddered and swallowed, his mouth working against Castiel’s cock.
< Gabriel the Awesomest Ever: Thanks, Gabe. Things are great so far. Also, when did you change your contact name? I haven’t seen you in months.
He closed the front door and wandered back into his living room where Dean was sitting on the couch, nursing his own glass of water.
Castiel turned around, looking between them. “Thank you both for all your help today. It was… exceptionally nice of you.” He offered them a soft smile before heading up the stairs, calling out, “Goodnight!”
“Yeah, I do, because something tells me you won’t eat unless someone shoves a plate of food in front of you. Listen, you can’t order anything from the kitchen now, but I’d be more than happy to grab you something when I go down.”
Castiel didn’t realize his mouth was hanging open until a slight breeze blew across his tongue. Blushing again, he cleared his throat in a quick cough and went into the living room with some reluctance. “I didn’t catch you at a bad time, did I?”
Castiel leaned his head back against the standard-hospital-white wall and continued his internal and systematic cursing of the many deities he was familiar with. Here he was, waiting for news of Bastet’s condition, his stomach a roiling mess of emotions thanks to the presence of a very damp and sleepy Dean, who was sitting not two feet away. Castiel knew that he still had feelings for Dean, and that they were somehow still friends, but everything was thrown off by the pangs of hurt and insult that overrode his thoughts every time he looked at Dean. Now, when they were the only occupants of the vet’s waiting room, the tension between them was thick enough to slice and serve up with a side of fries, and it didn’t help that Dean would glance at him every minute or so with this look of worry, like he was waiting for Castiel to blow up.
Dean found himself grinning again. “She’s great. More’n ready to be driven.” He noticed the folded piece of paper clenched in Castiel’s hand. “Whatcha got there, Cas?”
“Remember when I said that I’d… make it up to you? For you lettin’ me stay here durin’ the snowstorm?”
Two hours later, Hael reappeared in Castiel’s doorway, looking very smug. He was about to ask her where Dean was, but then the man in question came in behind her, his sleeves rolled up, his shirt unbuttoned and his tie loosened, a vague sheen of sweat and oil smeared across his skin. “Guess what, Cas?” Dean asked, gleeful. “They’re buildin’ robots!”
Dean shook his head and went back to the sink, refilling one of the cups and bringing it back to Castiel, sliding the straw into his mouth. Castiel drank, starting to feel a little overwhelmed, when suddenly—
Dean gulped, but his voice was steady. “Took me longer to wake you this time. You were, uh… screamin’ for somebody.”
The nurse’s face broke into a grin. “I do know him. He’s lovely.” She held open the door for Castiel. “How’d you meet him?”
As Dean balanced the box against his front door and fumbled for his keys, Castiel somehow found the courage to ask: “What about you?”
“I… you…” Dean snapped his mouth shut. “Shut up. C’mon, Cas.” He headed for the kitchen, tugging Castiel along behind him. “Let’s go make these fuckers some breakfast.”
“Dean, I—” Castiel struggled for the words. “I can’t accept that offer. That’s asking far too much of you. You just worked a twelve-hour shift, for crying out loud!”
She chuckled good-naturedly. “First day jitters. Happens to the best of us.” Castiel had liked Hael from the very beginning: her pleasant, open face encouraged friendship and her bright blue eyes were sharp and observant. In other words, she was one hell of an assistant. She started to lead him down the hall, her stride quick and efficient. “You weren’t too far off the mark. Your office is just one floor up, is all.” Hael reached for the door to the stairwell and started up the flight of stairs.
“Yes, but Gabe, you’re a pastry chef. You aren’t exactly Gordon Ramsay.” Castiel set about chopping the apples, taking painstaking care to make sure that each slice was even.
Agnes slid her backpack off her shoulder and nervously took a seat across from him. “I was reading your doctoral thesis over the summer—”
Castiel fumed silently, but Dean wasn’t wrong. He could feel his injuries much more keenly now that his meds were fading. The rough ache in his right ankle, the sharp tug whenever he breathed, the sting of the cuts along his leg. At least they were enough to distract him from Dean, because scrubs shouldn’t be that flattering.
That was how they ended up sitting on Castiel’s porch, tucked under the awning and against the house, away from the street and any curious eyes. The Pad Thai was excellent, and they shared Castiel’s last can of Dr. Pepper (“Ugh, your taste in soda is awful,” Dean had said) and chatted as the sun went down. Castiel heard about Dean’s most recent shift and the latest hospital drama (“If Crowley and Abby don’t stop goin’ at each other’s throats I’m gonna—”) and he entertained Dean with abridged versions of Egyptian mythology, making Dean laugh until he wheezed. The crickets started up just as the sky began to purple, and the soft yellow-orange glow emanating from Castiel’s windows highlighted the freckles scattered across Dean’s nose and cheeks. Castiel watched the way Dean’s nose twitched when he spoke and felt a small, inner part of himself ache.
Only two students showed up during his office hours, for which Hael silently thanked the gods she’d heard Castiel mention over the months as she glumly ate the rejected parts of Castiel’s lunch. Each of his visitors left looking slightly wary, if not worried about their Professor.
Increasingly, Castiel would suddenly come out of a blackout to find himself standing at the top of the stairs with no recollection of what he’d come upstairs for, or in a shower that was rapidly turning cold with no memory of even getting undressed. As Monday approached, he realized that driving probably wouldn’t be the best idea, and called to reserve a car to take him to and from Oberlin for the duration of the week before falling into a semi-conscious stupor, barely remembering to feed Bastet her dinner and (unsuccessfully) trying to read a new book about gender roles in the Qu’ran.
“No, no,” Castiel hurriedly assured her. “No, it’s just, I, um—” He cleared his throat. “It’s, uh, it’s… difficult,” he finally managed.
Castiel gave him an apologetic smile. “I know. I’m sorry I can’t be the one to show you around. But Hael’s an alumna, so she actually knows the campus better than I do.”
Castiel exhaled shortly and leaned back on the counter, crossing his arms against his chest. For a long, dragging moment, he was silent, turning everything over in his mind. He could hear the tick of the kitchen clock, Dean’s unsteady breathing, the caw of a crow on a nearby telephone pole. “I… I guess so,” he eventually said, feeling most of the tension leak out of his body. He lifted his eyebrows. “You gonna dick out on me again?”
Castiel set off down the hall, Dean following close behind. “Hey, this actually looks kind of familiar. The book, I mean,” Dean added at Castiel’s raised eyebrow. “Not the school. The school still looks very new.”
Dean smiled back. “And you’ve already got yourself into a car accident . . . Cas, that’s some story.”
“Not what I meant, Cas,” Dean shot over his shoulder as he stalked into the kitchen, Bastet trotting close behind. A vague scent of peanuts emanated from the plastic bag hanging from his right hand.
Gabe’s eyebrows went the highest Dean had ever seen them go. “Really? Wow.” He considered Dean for a moment. “You must be pretty special to him. He doesn’t tell just anybody that story. In fact, I don’t think he’s ever told anyone that story. Everyone in our family already knew. Well… maybe he told Balthazar. But even that seems unlikely.”
“... that’s your nightmare,” Dean finished for him. “Cas, I’m…” He seemed unable to find the words. Then, a warm arm wrapped around Castiel from behind and help him tightly. Dean pressed his face into Castiel’s back.
“I also know that the next time I see Michael, he’ll be eatin’ a knuckle sandwich with a side of a kick to the balls.”
He laughed easily, heading for the second door (also labeled with his name and credentials). “Don’t know. It hasn’t rained yet. But I’ll tell you when I find out.”
“That, my fine friend, was a Vine.” Gabe scooted the bucket of homemade ice cream closer to himself and stuck the scooper into it. “Third one this evening, actually. We’re getting a lot of traffic.”
Castiel blinked awake and wow yeah those were definitely his ribs asserting themselves. “Wasn’t asleep,” he grumbled to the darkness. “Dozing.”
Dean grinned. “For bein’ a little shit.” He reached forward and flicked Castiel again, on the same spot but harder.
“Of all the ridiculous—” Dean shook his head. “You didn’t disturb me. This is my job, Cas. I’m not exactly meant to be catchin’ forty winks out there at the nurses’ station.”
Dean looked at the medicine and sighed. “Cas, I can’t— you’re already bein’ so nice, and I think it would just be better if—”
“Stop. It’s the least I can do.” Dean smiled at him. “I just have to ignore that’s there’s an animal sittin’ in your bed, knowin’ that I have to go back in the mornin’ to feed her and change her litter.”
Dean took the hint and quieted down; Castiel closed his eyes and wondered what good could come of this. A moment later, he felt Dean’s warm foot press against his, and bit his tongue to ignore how much he wanted it.
“You’re tired,” Castiel stated. “I’m sorry. I’d forgotten that you just worked the entire night. Please, don’t let me keep you any longer.”
“I know exactly what you mean.” Castiel gave Dean another smile before returning to the essay he was reading. His students had definitely improved in their research and analytical skills since the beginning of the year, and their essays were becoming more and more enjoyable to read.
Castiel blinked, turning around to stare at his front entryway, Dean and Gabe mimicking him with Gabe still in the headlock, both of them rendered silent. “You expecting someone?” Gabe asked him.
Dean pulled out a pink iPod with earbuds attached and Castiel raised an eyebrow. “Is that your coping mechanism?”
Gabe swore extensively, pushing his hair out of his eyes. “Castiel, you know what he does to you. Are you sure you can handle this?”
three times in a row would make designing his syllabus much easier. Said syllabus had consumed the other part of his day, and his living and dining rooms were covered in different religious texts, some of them yawning open and others perched on corners of tables and chairs. It had been a good enough distraction from the phone number burning through the top of his cast. But, when a knock had come at his door just at the edge of sundown, Castiel had had his question answered for him.
“Wait!” Dean quickly stood up, his grin shining in the candlelight. “I’ve got somethin’ to say.” He cleared his throat quickly and they all raised their glasses accordingly, Castiel wondering what on earth Dean was going to say. Almost as if Dean had heard his thoughts, Dean’s gaze flickered to Castiel’s before he began to speak: “This year, I had the pleasure of bein’ Dr. Castiel Novak’s nurse on the night he got himself into a car accident. And then I had the pleasure of meetin’ my new neighbor, Dr. Castiel Novak.” Gabe and Anna tittered at this; Castiel’s heart thumped unhelpfully. Dean looked at him again, his eyes bright and sincere. “And he has been the best friend I’ve ever had. And I mean that truthfully,” he added when Castiel started to roll his eyes. “You and Gabe and Anna have welcomed me and included me in your family in a way that’s never happened to me before. You have made me happier than I have been in months, and you’ve made me want to actually read the Bible, which is sayin’ somethin’.” Gabe and Anna chuckled again, but Castiel could only keep eye contact with Dean, his mouth dry. Dean smiled at him before saying, “So thank you. I’m honored to have been included the way I have, and I am pretty damn happy that I’m now friends with a chef, because this is the most beautiful Thanksgiving meal I’ve ever seen!” Dean broke eye contact with Castiel to cheer with the others, quickly swallowing a gulp of apple cider before sitting back down. Castiel belatedly remembered to do the same, feeling the bubbles all the way in his nose.
“What d’you think?” Dean shot back, throwing another log onto the fire for good measure. This was what he got for calling his brother to confirm that he hadn’t died in the snow. “I was stuck in a house with him for four days, Sammy,
Dean gave Castiel a weak smile. “Sounds great, Cas.” He raised his left hand in a final wave. Castiel nodded in return, and a moment later, Dean pushed the passenger door closed. Trapped in the car, Castiel stared at the blurry outline of Dean’s body for a moment before he shifted back into first. “Right,” he said aloud. “Fuck this.” He pulled away from the curb, bypassing his house, and gunned for the center of the city.
Dean blinked, but Castiel couldn’t tell if it was in surprise or not. “Have you talked to someone about this? A doctor? A shrink? Anybody?”
“Lunch can wait.” Dean folded his hands together like an expectant schoolboy. “You know my story. Time I knew yours.”
“Yeah, uh.” Dean coughed a little. “Let’s just say I had a rough adolescence. Things got worse after Dad died. I mean, Bobby was great. He was more than great. He was everything we needed. But I just didn’t handle it well.” He inhaled quickly. “I went down my dad’s path. Started drinkin’ like crazy. And then Sammy left… I really derailed after I turned twenty-two. Got wasted one night, drove myself home. But I hit somebody on the way. Nearly killed her.” He coughed again. “Shook me up bad enough that I turned myself around. Went stone-cold sober. Put myself through nursin’ school. I wanted to stop hurtin’ people and do just the opposite. I wasn’t good enough to be a doctor so I went for the next-best thing.” He was quiet for a moment. “It’s been about eight years now. I haven’t had a drink in eight years.” His hand shifted under the covers and he prodded Castiel in the back. “Your turn.”
“For?” Dean murmured drowsily, shifting his weight and wrapping his arm around Castiel. Octopus Dean was back.
Tuesday was a little less intense, much to Castiel’s relief. He woke up around six, feeling fully rested and blindly wondering if this was what it was like to never have nightmares. He was just beginning to bemoan Bastet’s absence (Gabe had taken her home after dinner the night before) when Dean appeared with a toothy grin and a little dish of bandages and tape. “How you doin’, Cas?”
The voice was low and familiar. “You were havin’ a nightmare. At least, I think it was a nightmare.”
Gabe grinned and tapped the side of his nose. “Dessert. Oh, shoot.” He started patting his pockets absentmindedly. “I think I forgot something in the car.”
“—feelin’ all right, Cas? Are you dizzy? Nauseous? Ears ringin’? How ‘bout your ribs, is the pain worse or about the same? What about your foot? Is it—?”
Dean replied a beat too late, coughing once before saying, “Yeah, there was usually one around. I think there still might be one around Bobby’s place. Actually, uh.” He chuckled, somewhat nervously. “I used to take girls to the drive-ins so we could neck in the backseat.”
Chuck began explaining a number of things to Castiel, starting off with the fact that he was holding off on a diagnosis for the time being before outlining what their time together would look like: they would most likely devoting their sessions to cognitive behavioral therapy. Castiel balked a little at the idea, but Chuck assured him of the program’s efficacy in helping patients face the sources of their fear and teach them how to work past said fear. Then, he moved into the broader realm of Castiel’s past, prompting Castiel with a few questions but mainly just listening to what he had to say and taking detailed (although illegible) notes. Already used to this routine, Castiel began telling his story in a dull sort of way before he relaxed a little, sincerely thinking about Chuck’s questions before answering them and feeling better after doing so. Before Castiel knew it, two hours had gone by, and Chuck was smiling and writing him a prescription for something called a ‘glucocorticoid.’ “See if you can get your brother to run down to the pharmacy for you,” Chuck said with one foot out the door, “and start taking them tomorrow, if you can. I think they’ll help.” He gave Castiel a nod. “I’ll see you again tomorrow. Same time. We’ll schedule your other appointments then.”
He was standing near terminal twenty-two in Cleveland’s airport, barely able to glimpse the edge of Dean’s light-brown hair over the wide sea of heads. Their flight to Chicago would be boarding in ten minutes; from there they would transfer to another flight for Sioux Falls, South Dakota. Although it had taken at least three days of hardcore convincing on Castiel’s end, he’d managed to get Dean to agree to flying to Bobby’s place instead of driving, which, Castiel had insisted, was too dangerous with the possibility of ice on the roads and all manner of freak snowstorms.
“I, uh.” Castiel attempted to swallow. “Someone on his phone. He wasn’t paying attention, and he ran a red light.”
Since it was his first day, Castiel wasn’t expecting anyone to actually show up for his office hours. But, at 1:05, a hesitant hand tapped on his inner door, and he looked up from the working draft of his book in surprise.
It was silent at first, but then came the bright chime of flutes, soon joined by violins and instruments that Dean couldn’t name, but the music filled him, cheerful and light and beautiful, and, addicted to the sounds, he knew that he was going to have trouble giving this CD back.
Dean shook his head but stood up, shouldering his duffel. They moved over to the line and stood in their respective number brackett; a few minutes later, their boarding passes were scanned and they, along with a trail of other people, were walking down the gangway to get to the plane.
Castiel swallowed very quickly and crossed to the classroom door, opening it wide to the eager crowd before him. “Good morning,” he greeted them, smiling as his students filed in. He got the usual cacophony of “Good mornings” before they were all inside and he was closing the door again.
“I was raised by profoundly religious parents,” Castiel began, “and I was the youngest of four children, so I was expected to follow as they followed, behave as they behaved. Everything was centered around church and faith — my father would read scripture to us at the dinner table, or for an hour after dinner on Sundays. I know,” he added, in response to Dean’s expression. “It was a lot to handle.”
“Oh, I meant to ask you earlier,” Castiel said as he straightened a few edges and picked up some more cards. “How’s the station wagon going?”
“I like it here.” Castiel forced himself to focus on the cluster of baby ducks that had just slid into the pond. An occasional breeze kept blowing Dean’s scent in his face — an odd combination of old leather, soap, and metal — and it was very distracting. “It’s quiet, and there aren’t any deep allegories to dig through.”
Surprise flickered across Hael’s face, rapidly followed by appreciation, wariness, and, eventually, slyness. She took his hand and shook it. “Hello, Dean. I’m Hael, Castiel’s assistant.” Her gaze locked on Castiel and she smirked. “I’m glad we finally get to meet. Castiel has told me so much about you.”
“Okay, I think that’s enough,” Castiel said gently, disentangling himself from Meg’s octopus-like arms. “It’s time for you to go home now. Garth is waiting and everything.”
Dean’s eyes met his for just a fraction of a second before he was saying, “Well, I guess I’d better—” He stepped out of the kitchen, crossing the dining room to the front entrance. Castiel watched him leave, the front door closing sharply behind someone who he doubted he would see for quite some time.
Castiel could hear Bobby and Sam talking in the living room, and he caught a glimpse of their well-lit Christmas tree before he and Dean were stepping into the doorway and Sam and Bobby went quiet, staring at Castiel and Dean with undeniably smug expressions.
Dean stared at him for a long moment, dumbfounded. “That’s it,” he finally said, standing up and heading for the front hallway.
“Watch yourself, man,” Garth said as he reached for his own drawing pad. “She’s got a mean left cross.”
“From the time Cas turned fourteen to the day that Michael left for college, Cas was in the hospital at least once a month,” Gabe cut in, his voice thick. “You can see part of the reason why if you x-ray him. And those were just the times that our mother let us drive him to the hospital. Sometimes she...” Gabe trailed off and took a quick breath before adding, “She said that unless Cas had a broken bone or a ruptured organ, she saw no reason for us to acknowledge it. She said that… Cas deserved to suffer.”
Dean tramped down the urge to throttle him for saying such a thing. “Why are you apologizin’?! All that matters is that you’re okay, and from what I can tell, you’re not okay! What happened?!”
Dean looked at him for a moment, something in his face guarded and vulnerable all at once. “Yeah. I’ve been imposin’ on you long enough.”
“Sure,” Dean replied, looking intrigued. “Though I gotta ask you,” he continued, handing Castiel said satchel. “Do you really think that stayin’ awake is the best thing for your health right now?”
no idea how this is getting so many hits, but thank you so much for reading!!! <3 and don't forget to drop me a lil' review :3
“The night shift,” Castiel replied as he slowly walked past her and into the short hallway. Using his foot again felt very strange. “He was on duty the night of my accident. And then we figured out that we’re actually neighbors.”
“No—” Castiel groaned, forcing himself to scoot away from Dean before things got too close and… risky.
Dean hummed and swept a hand along his unshaven jaw. “It’s goin’ pretty good. It’ll just need some replacement parts, maybe some new hosin’—”
“Trick or treat!” chimed the chorus of second graders in front of him, most of them so bundled up that he could barely discern their faces, let alone their costumes. He was just thankful that his Batman costume was thick and had lots of padding. The day before, Ohio had been sent into a ridiculously random cold snap, turning one of the last weeks of autumn into what felt like deep winter, minus the snow. But, in spite of the freezing air and harsh wind, the kids were out in full force, their parents trailing behind them in parkas and balaclavas.
Castiel blinked, wavering on the spot, because he knew that voice, didn’t he? It sounded familiar, as the mottled clouds in the sky spun into a marble above him.
love it? hate it? drop me a comment :) i love talking to you guys! and since when did this get 1500 hits??? so shocked. thank you so much for reading <3
“We’ve been over this. Yes. I did.” Castiel gave up on Dean’s mouth and started trailing kisses along the underside of Dean’s stubbled jaw.
They were at the drive-in in Castiel’s car (Gabe had been gleeful at the opportunity to drive it), watching
Tuesday was hellish, and he blacked out during lunch hour, managing to resurface in time for the appearance of one of his students and to be punctual  for a department meeting. As he fumbled his way out of the office, he gave himself a mental pat on the back for thinking of the car service idea. He had a different driver every time, and each one of them quickly learned not to ask any questions.
“Thanks, Jo,” Dean said, completely ignoring Castiel. He stepped closer, and Castiel noticed with a vague burn of annoyed resignation that when it came to Dean, jeans and a t-shirt were just as flattering as scrubs. “How’re things up there?”
“I’m going to bed,” Castiel announced as they walked in through his front door. He tugged off his trench and hung it on the coat stand before trudging into the living room and picking up his book.
Castiel paused, unsure of what to say. He finally decided on, “Of course. It’ll be sometime in the next three or four days.”
Anna thwacked him on the arm. “Oh, yes I did. My little brother’s in the hospital for the second time in six months. That’s at least worth the two-hour flight. Besides,” she added in an undertone, “Gabe was pretty upset. I knew it was serious.”
— around was a very real change for Castiel, who was somewhat of a habitual loner. But it seemed that once Dean had learned about Castiel’s aforementioned perpetual lonership, Dean had gone out of his way to ensure that Castiel had a support network. And that support network was Dean. And maybe Jo. And kind of Garth. The nurses just really seemed to like Castiel. He wasn’t sure why. He hadn’t actually met most of them, but had had residual texting conversations with them via Dean and apparently, they were always asking about Castiel and his Bibles. He was baffled, but Dean found it hilarious.
Castiel smiled and began filling in the forms. “No, just a car accident. That’s why I bought the Rambler.”
Dean balked; Gabe caught his expression and nodded. “Yeah, it’s pretty fucking awful.” He went over to the freezer, pulled out a bag of frozen peas, and slung it onto his right hand, hissing at the contact. “We… weren’t exactly a happy family.”
Dean twitched, almost like he was trying to rid his hair of water, and relaxed into a grin. “Sure thing, Cas.” He offered Castiel his arms, which Castiel grabbed like a handrail to avoid touching Dean’s hands, and slowly pulled Castiel to his feet. Castiel exhaled at the tug on his ribs and gladly accepted the crutches from Dean.
“Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin boarding American Airlines flight 7493 to Chicago. Those with ‘A’ boarding passes, please line up according to the number you see on your ticket. Thank you.”
Castiel lowered his bare right foot to the floor and slowly put some weight onto it. The floor was cold and smooth, and a slight tingling sensation traveled up his leg.
Castiel turned to his friend, who was leaning against the first row of seats. “So, what’d you think?”
“Doesn’t matter?” Dean repeated, staring at him. “You just taught one of the few classes that hasn’t made me want to bang my head on the desk or a take a fuckin’ nap. I even took notes, Cas!” He waved his handout, which Castiel saw had a flurry of spidery writing in the margins and between the lines. “The only reason I know about it now is because the two girls sitting in front of me were lookin’ up your most recent book on their computers. So, I decided to do a little research for myself, and I found this gold mine.” He paused, quickly wetting his lips. “Why didn’t you tell me about any of this?”
After a few moments, Dean blinked awake and yawned, gazing blearily up at Castiel. Half his hair was sticking up, making him look younger, making Castiel’s heart skip a beat. “Cas?” he croaked.
Castiel smiled with some relief. “Yeah. She’s lovely. I think you’d really like Oberlin, Dean. It’s beautiful.”
Castiel woke to the smell of bacon and a cold bed. He blinked, wondering who the hell was cooking him breakfast before remembering the previous night. The memory hit him like a slap and he sat up, mind flooding with recollections of mumbled confessions and a rather obscene amount of cuddling.
“I second that.” Kevin, ever-so-proud of Bastet choosing his lap to invade, ran a hand down her back. “Cas, you got a deck of regular playing cards?”
Dean gave himself a little shake and seemed to refocus on Castiel before he was crowding up against Castiel and kissing him on the mouth, pressing a little more urgently as Castiel’s scrambled brains tried to make sense of what just happened and then Castiel was falling into Dean with a groan, kissing him back and shuddering when Dean’s tongue slid along his bottom lip, gently teasing Castiel’s mouth open and suddenly the kiss was hot and deep and needy, Dean plunging into Castiel’s mouth like it was his sole mission in life, Castiel nibbling the corner of Dean’s lip and Dean letting out a noise that Castiel was sure was illegal in at least thirty states and a second later they broke away, panting, their foreheads touching, needing the oxygen but not wanting it.
Hael cleared her throat in one quick, delicate cough and stood up. “Well, actually, it’s up to thirty now.”
Castiel turned to look at him. “Dean, you’re as smart as anybody, if not smarter. Just because you struggled with high school algebra and SAT vocabulary doesn’t mean that you’re dumb or worthless. I’ve seen you renovate an engine in less than two hours and shake off a twelve-hour shift like it’s water, and you’re an excellent judge of character. You basically have the temperament of a highly intelligent Golden Retriever, and that’s something I envy. And if you try to refute any of this, you can say goodbye to my apple pie, which is the best in the damn state.” Castiel cracked open his own book (
Dean waved away his gratitude. “S’nothin’, man.” He reached up to cover a yawn, and a small piece of Castiel deflated.
“You…” Dean’s gaze jerked from Sam to Bobby and back again, his mouth hanging slightly open. “You what?”
needed a shave, wondering how the hell he’d managed to skip the dream a second time. A moment later, he realized that a very warm calf was pressed against his, with another set of toes curled against his knee. Castiel set his jaw, cursed the fact that Dean somehow still looked perfect even when he was drooling all over Castiel’s spare pillow, and quickly disentangled himself from his best friend.
“Very much,” she admitted, her blush lessening somewhat. “I especially enjoyed the way Tennent argued that—” And she was off, deconstructing her favorite pieces of
Dean chewed a piece of bacon thoughtfully before voicing his next question: “So how long will I have to, y’know, overstay my welcome?”
Gabe quickly flipped his phone back around so he was filming himself and said, “We are gonna eat the bejeezus out of this thing. Stay tuned.” Then he flipped his phone right-way round and quickly tapped a few buttons before putting his phone down.
“Oh please,” Castiel replied. “You like cars so much I knew you wouldn’t make a mess. And she needs some character.”
Dean, much to Castiel’s simultaneous chagrin and delight, was dressed as a cowboy, hat and chaps and everything (and as much as Castiel tried to ignore it, those chaps did things to him and sent his imagination to very unhelpful places). From what Castiel had seen, Dean had been his usual charming self for the whole evening, getting about as many trick-or-treaters as Castiel was. Castiel raised his hand in a brief wave, waiting to see Dean return it before he closed his door again and let out a shiver that wasn’t just because of the cold.
Hael scoffed. “Boundaries-shmoundaries. I’m your friend, too, Castiel. And quite honestly, I’m worried about what you might do to that beer if you
“We’re here,” Sam and Dean announced simultaneously, giving each other a look after doing so. “C’mon, Cas,” Dean said as he popped open his door. “Bobby’s not gettin’ any younger.”
Castiel forced himself to take a breath. “Yes.” He stepped back, holding the door open. “Please… come in.”
Gabe pulled out his phone using his good hand and started tapping away. “Listen, as much as I’d like to, I can’t stay for any longer, not that Cas would even let me. So I’m going to have to rely on you to keep an eye on him, if you’d be willing—”
True to word, Gabe reappeared at lunchtime, clutching a paper bag and carrying what looked to be Bastet’s recovery basket covered with tin foil. “Sup, Cassie?” He slid the bag and basket onto Castiel’s tray. “You hungry?”
Gabe let out a whoop, punching the air. “YES!” He spun on his heel. “And we can totally go to that drive-in tonight, just like you wanted to.”
Castiel stared at him, surprised and slightly disbelieving. “I… yeah. Do you want to come in with me or get there on your own?”
He tried to smile at her. “Thanks.” He put down the pen and pushed through the doors, scanning the hallway until he saw a room lined with metal cages and emitting various whimpering and meowing sounds. He stepped into the sterile medical room, glancing around until he saw Bastet lying across the top of a pristine metal table, her side shaved and the gash sealed with neat little stitches. She was motionless, her eyes shut, breathing steadily under the influence of the sedative. Castiel leaned in closer and laid a careful hand on her shoulder, his thumb stroking the edge of her front leg.
Castiel met his gaze and smiled tentatively. They sat there in companionable silence for a few moments before Dean cleared his throat and looked down at his cards. “Got any sixes?”
Castiel had a sudden mental image of Dean sprawled naked across this very bed, moaning gutturally with his legs spread wide as he fucked himself with his own fingers, his firm cock leaking all over his stomach, and had to suppress a full-body shudder. He relieved his feelings by reclaiming Dean’s mouth with his own, sucking on Dean’s tongue with a vengeance.
p.s. i'm no master at hindi (thank god for translation websites!) but basically what was going on: cas said "good morning" and his students said "good morning, teacher" and that's just because they're learning about buddhism and cas is a geek ok? ok.
Dean ploughed through some more Kung Pao Chicken. “Maybe I should come visit sometime. Sit in on a class, have lunch with the geek squad.” He gave Castiel a shit-eating grin. “See what all the fuss is about Professor Novak.”
“So tell me,” Dean was saying, his voice low as he shifted his attention from Castiel’s knee to Castiel’s calf. “If you’re all alone in Cleveland, where’s your family?”
Castiel tried to shrug and then immediately regretted it. “I’m just more of a —” he took a quick (and, he hoped, unnoticeable) gasp around the pain “—cake person.”
When they were all settled with their ice cream-covered slices steaming and melting in front of them (Gabe had thought to warm up the pie, bless him), Castiel looked up in surprise when the others all let out simultaneous groans as they chewed their first bites. “Is it good?” he asked them, fork hovering over his own slice.
“Thank you.” Michael’s slick smile returned as he closed the folder but didn’t stand up, locking his gaze on Castiel. “So, little brother, how’s the new job?”
“Very basically,” Michael began, opening the file folder, “the company’s diversifying and we’re seeking out new investors, so we’ll be decreasing the percentage of stock you have in the company.”
“You’re not intrudin’,” Bobby said instantly. “Besides, you’re—” He cut himself off for a moment before he said, “You’re basically family at this point.”
“Yeah,” Castiel said, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. “During college. They said it would take some serious therapy, introspection, and a lot less loneliness to get me out of the rut.” He smiled a self-deprecating smile. “I didn’t have the time for it. And I don’t need much sleep, anyway.”
“What about the others? They probably have their— Oh.” Castiel shut up when Dean stuck his hands into the pockets of Garth’s coat and pulled out two familiar cell phones.
“All right.” Gabe let go of Bastet with a sigh. “Guess that means I’m the one shoveling the front walk.”
They were about a half-hour into the game and Dean had Gabriel in a joking headlock, cheering as the Cowboys scored their second touchdown (“HELL YEAH, YOU SONS OF BITCHES!”), when there was a pointed knock at Castiel’s front door. Whoever it was was using the cast-iron knocker instead of just rapping on the wood.
“Because I…” Castiel’s mouth worked hopelessly as he tried to come up with an answer. “I was never good at being popular or, I don’t know, well-known.” He shrugged. “It wasn’t what mattered to me.”
Castiel took the plate back from him with a smile and put it on the coffee table. “Then maybe that’s where you should start.”
“That’s ‘cause it is fun.” Dean pulled open the side door and flicked on the light. Castiel blinked in the sudden amber glare; as his eyes adjusted, he saw that the walls were covered in too many tools to name, and dozens of car parts that Castiel didn’t even know existed. To the right was a wide bay that held three old cars, the one nearest to them looking a good deal better than the other two. Castiel recognized the nice car’s trademark shape and wooden paneling and grinned. “So this is the station wagon.”
The next twenty-four hours were a bit of a blur for Castiel. He ate one of the best burgers he’d ever had (Gabe reappeared a half-hour later panting and clutching two bulging paper bags: “Sorry I’m late—the cafeteria wasn’t really into doing cheeseburgers so I went to that diner you really like—”), got a fantastic night’s sleep (with Gabe insisting on spending the night on the sofa in the corner, which he had apparently done
Dean chuckled under his breath and snuggled a little closer to Castiel, who was pretty sure that something small exploded in his brain as Dean did so. “That’s my Cas.”
“Fair’s got nothing to do with it.” Gabe took a step closer to Michael. “Why d’you have to push his buttons? Haven’t you done enough already?”
From the far corner of the dining room, Bastet let out a little chirp before padding over to Castiel, hesitantly looking up at him.
Michael looked at him for a moment. “I haven’t done anything, Gabriel. He’s the one living in foul, aberrant sin.” His gaze snapped to Castiel. “How’s Dean, Cassie? You taken it up the ass yet? Has he made you
“It’s the only vintage drive-in left in Cleveland. They have an old-fashioned diner and everything — burgers, shakes, fries. And tonight they’re playing an old Hitchcock…” Castiel paused, looking at Dean with real sincerity. “I want to thank you for all your help with the car and, well, everything else. It means a lot to me.”
“Don’t worry about it.” Castiel reached over and carefully ran his hand along Dean’s arm. “I like you so, so much too,” he murmured, probably not loud enough for Dean to hear. The odds of Dean remembering any of this in the morning were slim to none, thanks to the sure-fire hangover he was going to have from the cold medicine, and from whatever strain of the plague he had managed to contract. What did Castiel really have to lose?
Thoroughly embracing his new freedom, Castiel had spent the majority of the morning and afternoon cooking and baking at his leisure, both for his own purposes (university work restricted his time for dinner entirely) and for his “party.” When Dean had arrived at 5:30 in preparation for the evening, he’d shoved one of Castiel’s homemade pigs-in-a-blanket into his mouth and gone cross-eyed. “Christ,” he’d croaked after swallowing. “I might just have to keep you on speed-dial.”
Meg, Kevin, and Garth greeted this with loud whoops and catcalls and, in spite of himself, Castiel couldn’t stop grinning. “Shut up,” he said to them, and they just laughed in response.
“You’re most welcome. Now.” She used her free hand to reach for the crutches. She tucked them under Castiel’s armpits and he instinctively caught hold of the hand grips. “How does that feel?”
“I don’t know, Dean,” Castiel replied, reaching into the front pocket and pulling out a small box. “That depends on whether you’re any good at Go Fish.”
Castiel waved him off. “Dean, you basically nursed me back to health. It’s the least I can do.” He cleared his throat. “Now, for some reason—” probably the alcohol “—I’m super sleepy, so I’m going to be going upstairs now. Do you need anything?”
“Please do,” Gabe shot back, leaning against the doorframe and keeping one eye on Castiel, who sat down in his desk chair.
Time wore on, the air around them grew colder, and soon enough, Dean was shifting around and tucking himself into his little nest of blankets, his breathing slurred with sleepiness. “Cas,” he drawled.
“Thattaway.” Dean pointed to a sign that guided them down an escalator at the end of the room. “God, I can’t wait to see Sammy!”
“As the plague,” Gabe cut in, reaching forward to pull the tin foil off the basket. “Now who wants a croissant? Baked ‘em fresh this morning!”
Castiel hadn’t slept in over two days, hadn’t eaten anything other than a cracker in longer than that, and he was starting to have trouble remembering what he had and hadn’t done. ‘Exhausted’ wasn’t a good enough word to describe the way he felt and the way the world had turned to soup around him, the current relentlessly dragging at his eyelids and ankles without a shred of mercy. The edges of everything around him were always blurred, and sometimes he didn’t know if what he was hearing or seeing was real. If he was going to be honest with himself, he wasn’t sure how much longer he could take this. A… ‘spell’ had never lasted this long before.
, were all the sensations he was aware of before it hit him that Dean wasn’t kissing him back, was standing there frozen with shock, and Castiel instantly pulled away, warmth flooding his face.
Castiel smiled, already knowing what she would ask. “If you come by at the end of office hours, I’ll have another book ready and waiting for you.”
Dean rubbed the back of his neck before sidestepping, reaching for the DVDs scattered across the coffee table among the ruins of a movie-watching feast. He cleared his throat, not looking at Castiel, and turned off the TV as he stuffed the DVDs into his bag.
Dean sucked in a sharp breath, the sound obvious in the relative silence of the room. Castiel forced himself not to trace the sound to its owner. “Stockholm syndrome,” he murmured. “As long as she rejected me, she saved herself from Michael’s wrath.”
Dean nodded feebly, too exhausted to bother putting up a fight. He stood up slowly, looking as if every little movement hurt in some way. Castiel clucked his tongue and guided Dean up the stairs, fervently trying to ignore the way the chaps gave him a ridiculously enhanced view. When they reached his bedroom, he gently nudged Dean to sit down on his bed before turning to his chest of drawers and pulling out a pair of sweatpants, a t-shirt that advertised Harvard’s Philosophy Club, and a thick pair of socks.
After changing out of his pajamas and into the baggiest sweatpants and t-shirt he owned, he plodded quietly downstairs, not really knowing how to act around Dean. He wasn’t sure if they were acknowledging the whole nightmare-comfort-talk-cuddling thing, and his heart pounded as he entered the dining room, less than ten feet away from the kitchen.
He tried burying himself in his work, finishing all of his grading in one day and reading an entire book through the night, though he had no way of telling whether or not his notes and comments made coherent sense. At least he managed to get Bastet to the vet on Saturday to get her cast sawn off, after which she looked rather pleased with herself. On Sunday morning, he slept undisturbed for three hours and felt a little bit better afterwards, especially after he’d chugged his second coffee of the day.
Dean gave himself a quick shake. “Nothin’.” He took a massive bite of his burrito. “So you’re cool with me just hangin’ out in here while you do your thing?”
“What?” Dean smirked. “Don’t you think it suits me?” He adjusted his red tie, which stood out magnificently against his long-sleeved blue plaid.
that sounds so depressing, but poor cas is about to go through a lot :( and please let me know if i have to warn for anything else!
“Michael,” Castiel choked out, hastily taking a small step backwards. He heard a distinct thump from the couch area and tried to swallow, feeling like most of his body had gone offline. “What—?”
Castiel gave up on his salad and reached for his apple instead; they were eating lunch in his office, since their conversation had taken them dangerously close to the beginning of Castiel’s office hours. “I stay in my office for a certain number of hours and students come in with questions about the course or assignments or exams or reading recommendations. It’s very casual.” He took a bite of his apple and quickly licked away the juice that ran down the side of his hand. When he looked up, he caught Dean staring at him, supposedly having watched the entire movement. “What?” he asked. “I washed my hands.”
Suddenly, there was a sound like a huge gunshot: on the other end of the field, where the entrance was, an old car had backfired. Castiel jumped violently at the sound, his hands scrabbling for purchase before he squeezed his eyes shut, his breathing starting to quicken. Dean abandoned his popcorn, his heart pounding in his ears as he reached to get a hold of Castiel’s shoulder. “Cas?”
“It’s… a triumph, Dean. You’re a fantastic cook.” Castiel slumped back in his seat, trying to get as far away from his plate as possible, feeling even worse than he had before Dean had knocked on his door. He took a sip of his lukewarm coffee, shoving down the reminder that it was his least-favorite thing to drink.
, and Dean making a fuss about whether Castiel had enough pillows), ate a huge stack of pancakes (“The chef downstairs thinks I’m cute,” Dean explained with a wink), and was dissected by a slightly alarming number of doctors. Most of them were involved in some form of psychology, and they wanted to know every detail of Castiel’s childhood, no matter how painful, as well as the coping mechanisms he’d begun to form as early as twelve years old. Dean reappeared around five in the afternoon to sit with Castiel before his shift started (ignoring Castiel’s protests) and would occasionally throw in an unhelpful comment about Castiel’s “intellectual stardom” or to brag about what an awesome teacher Castiel was the
Dean closed whatever he was doing on the computer and turned to Castiel’s bed. “Well, now I know why you and Gabe acted the way you did when Michael showed up. And why Gabe broke his nose.”
Agnes gave him a small, relieved smile. “Yes, and, um.” She took a quick breath. “I had a question about your argument that Middle Eastern political comics at the turn of the twentieth century directly related to…”
Instead of continuing into the kitchen, he paused in his tracks, face burning with shame, and took a deep breath, trying to collect himself. Then, he intentionally tried to make noise by  loudly collecting the dishes that were left on the dining table. Castiel waited for the muffled sound of Dean’s hasty hangup before he braced himself and walked into the kitchen.
“I— nothin’, nothin’.” Dean dropped his gaze and stepped onto the porch, letting Castiel reach behind him to lock the door.
A half hour later, Dean wandered into Castiel’s kitchen, wiping his hands with a spare rag. “Cas?” he called out. “You in here?”
“You bet.” Gabe reached for Bastet, who had perked up from Castiel’s corner of the couch, and started rubbing her head with two fingers. “I haven’t eaten since last night. I could eat a damn horse, along with its hay.”
Castiel forced himself to take a shuddering breath, feeling somehow lightheaded. “How can you— what do you—” He paused, scrabbling for coherent thought. “How far do you want to—?”
Castiel sighed and sat back, resigned to his fate. “That’s Gabe, my brother. He’s two years older than I am.” He pointed to the photo below it. “That’s me and Anna. She’s Gabe’s twin, but they couldn’t be more different from each other.”
The Rambler’s gentle purr threw his memory back to the night he and Dean had christened the Rambler by parking in the drive-in, eating greasy but wonderful food, and chatting through most of Rear Window. Castiel snorted, pushing the image out of his mind, and pulled out into his driveway. He paused for a moment to press the little button on the remote that would close his garage door, taking a deep breath in another attempt to flush out the butterflies. Then, he inched out onto the road and turned in the direction of the highway, ignoring the sunny yellow house that gleamed at him from across the street.
She nodded. “Of course. Just go through those doors—” she gestured to the double doors on her right “—and the care center is the first room on your left.”
“Do you have someone to pick you up?” she asked him. “Someone to help you out? Things can be a little difficult until you get used to being on crutches.”
“So how do these office hours work?” Dean asked around another mouthful, the habit disgusting but somehow completely endearing.
Just as the clock struck five and the light began to fade, Dean reappeared, his cheeks rosy and his expression exhilarated. Castiel had to remind himself not to stare and put twice the amount of focus into his book, which suddenly seemed to have been written in Ancient Sumerian.
“Well, tough, ‘cause I’m gonna roll up in front of this hospital whether you like it or not.” Dean held Castiel’s gaze for another moment before slumping a little. “C’mon man,” he said, his voice softer. “Let me help you.”
Castiel nodded. Dr. Barnes gave him half a smile before she said, “Stay put, get some rest, and eat something, okay? I’ll be back in a little while.” She left the room at a brisk pace, silence falling in her wake.
Castiel tried to think of a reason to say no, but he couldn’t find one. “Yes, Dean. I’d really like that.”
Castiel smiled, underlining a phrase that he particularly enjoyed. “Didn’t think you would.” He turned to look up at Dean. “But do you have a favorite yet?”
“Fine,” Castiel grated out, his throat thick from telling that lie far too many times. He heard Michael’s jeering laugh ring in his ears, and he winced as he slowly sat up, reaching for his briefcase.
“Yes,” Castiel replied, going around his desk, opening his briefcase, and pulling out the stack of syllabi. “Fifteen copies, right? That’s the last number I got for registration.”
TO GET A WORD IN, YOU COULDN’T JUST LEAVE HIM ALONE—!” He pushed Michael in the direction of the front door, and Michael backed away, still smirking and holding his hands up in mock-surrender as he left the house, leaving the front door open.
Bobby raised an eyebrow before he shook Castiel’s hand, his grip firm and quick. “I like him,” he said to Dean. “He’s got manners.”
“Don’t worry,” Castiel whispered back, covering Dean’s cheeks, forehead, eyes with soft kisses. “I’ve got you.”
“That’s because she’s not always fond of meeting new people.” Castiel observed the way Bastet was winding around Dean’s legs and purring loudly. “But she appears to like you.”
“Most certainly not.” Gabe heaved a sigh and slid Bastet’s food dish in front of her (she dug in with a purr). “Dammit!” He knocked the empty can into the sink, causing Bastet to flinch and cast him an indignant look. “Why did the bastard have to show his face? God,
“I’m fine with what I have, Dean. Gabe and Anna have always supported me, and while they can be a bit… embarrassing, I’m grateful for them.” He raised an eyebrow. “Aren’t you grateful for Sam?”
Castiel suddenly became aware of how close Dean’s face was to his, his green eyes shining in the residual light of the TV. He also realized that his head was resting on something very warm and very shelf-like — he’d fallen asleep with his head on Dean’s shoulder.
The fracture may be treated with a short leg cast or a removable brace. Usually, you need to avoid putting weight on your leg for approximately 6 weeks.
Castiel nudged another log onto the fire and shifted the pan on the camp stove to make sure it was completely over the flame. The bacon and eggs popped merrily against the crackling of the fire and the low murmur of his small battery-operated radio, and Castiel surveyed his work with pride.
“Regardless, I should have warned you.” Castiel sank into his pillows. “I often have issues sleeping, and it seems that the car accident only exacerbated the problem.”
“Bastet!” Castiel reached excitedly for her, but she was already jumping into his lap and walking up his chest to get to his face. She rubbed her head against his cheek, purring loudly, before giving his nose and chin a thorough licking, looking slightly put-off when she discovered that the majority of Castiel’s face was covered in long bristles.
Castiel gently put Bastet down on the bed, watching as she immediately gravitated to Dean and tucked herself half-under the duvet, half-under his arm; Dean frowned and adjusted to let her in. “Dean?” he whispered. “Do you need anything else?”
Castiel had insisted on driving both his siblings to the airport on Sunday, where they said long goodbyes. Castiel wasn’t ashamed to admit that his eyes had gotten rather misty; Anna sniffled into his shoulder when she hugged him, and even Gabe was blinking more often than necessary. He wasn’t sure what had changed between him and his siblings that made the goodbye so difficult, but then he reasoned with a kind of mental kick that going through what he had gone through with them around had changed everything and reminded them of their childhood relationships, which had been close and deep. Saying goodbye to them now was akin to when he had said goodbye to them when they left for college.
“Here y’are, boss,” his driver said, his voice swampy and sounding like it was coming from hundreds of miles away, even though he was just in the front seat.
“Of course. How could I let you go to class without your…” Dean peered at one of the books. “Buddhist Scriptures.”
Castiel hummed and nodded, already having one in mind, but knowing his choice would garner some loud protesting from Dean.
Castiel slumped back in his seat and Dean shifted so that he could grip Castiel’s shoulder. “Panic attack,” Castiel mumbled, rubbing his eyes.
“No, it’s okay,” Castiel hurriedly assured him, intrigued to see that the part of the gauze that had met his skin was patched with dried blood and something… yellow? “Did I cut myself?” He hadn’t noticed before.
“Bobby’s a mechanic,” Dean replied as he anxiously scanned the crowd of people, only about a quarter of his attention on Castiel. “He’s always fixin’ up some rust heap or other. Sammy’ll probably have the only car that’s workin’. Hey!” This last word was a shout as Dean bounded in the direction of a nearby pillar, Castiel struggling to keep up. “Speakin’ of Bigfoot—!”
Castiel almost chuckled, and after another moment of consideration, he held out his hand, ready to shake. Dean’s grin fully surfaced, and he gripped Castiel’s hand in return. “You’re ridiculous,” Dean said, and the next thing Castiel knew, he was being swept up into a huge hug that smelled like old leather and simple soap. “Why didn’t you talk to me sooner, you lunatic?” Dean asked, his voice rumbling against Castiel’s neck. “I… don’t know,” Castiel mumbled in reply. Grinning into Dean’s shoulder, he hugged Dean back, figuring that he could put up with a crush if it meant having a friend.
Dean stared at Castiel and licked his lips. “Uh, Cas? You got a little…” He made a wiping motion near his mouth.
Dean frowned. “Naw. I don’t want to mess up your bed and get you sick. Just lemme sleep on the couch.”
Dean stared at him for almost half a minute before pursing his lips. “Cas, you’ve got a broken foot—”
“It’s last year’s Christmas present from Sam.” The corner of Dean’s mouth perked up. “How d’you cope?”
“Really?” Dean leaned against the counter; Bastet perked up from where she was sleeping next to the sink and let out a little chirp. “How can you tell?”
Castiel, true to habit and his very real fear of what havoc Michael’s visit had wreaked on his psyche, had stayed awake for all of Sunday night working on his paper, groggy though he was when he hugged Gabe goodbye (“Call me, Cas, seriously, call me,” Gabe had insisted while his taxi lingered by the curb) and taught his class (he’d only fumbled his words once, which he considered a personal achievement). He’d managed to make it through the day on coffee and a little bit of wishful thinking, ignoring the worried looks that Hael sent his way every time he came into the office.
