“We do not know yet. You are right though, his gift should be extraordinary, therefore I doubt it will take long before we find out what it is. Don’t worry, I am sure Sam and you as Sam’s mentor will be the first to know. Now go find someone to clean this mess up.” Castiel said with a glance to the vomit that was still next to the bed. Kevin smiled, satisfied with Castiel’s answer and gave a short nod before leaving the room.
Enjoy! :)
Dean and Cas sleep on the couch together, and when Jess wakes up in the morning she snaps a picture of them spooning. Sam agrees that the way Cas holds Dean is just way too cute to ignore. She has to go to work, but Sam stays and Dean wakes up to the smell of pancakes and bacon.
“You don't have to do this, Charlie. I can tell him myself.” Gabriel said when Charlie finally pulled herself together again, and now Castiel was really worried. Gabriel's words were soft and compassionate, and if there was one thing his brother was not, it was compassionate.
“I don't know. I lost count after a while.” Dean says almost carelessly as it is his only way to cope with what he has experienced.
“Transporter it is then. Who’s Charlie?” Dean asked, not remembering Cas mentioning that name before. “My best friend here. She’s great. She came in about 4 years ago, she’s the head of our tech department. I would try to explain what she does exactly, but I have no idea. Basically she makes sure that we all have Internet and that nobody uses that to send information about the Institute. Anyway, she is very enthusiastic when it comes to her favorite movies.” Castiel explained with a smile, remembering the time Charlie had forced him to watch all the Harry Potter movies in one sitting. She had wanted to do the same with Lord of the Rings, but Castiel had fallen asleep halfway through the second movie. Too much walking.
Let me know what you think in the comments! :)
A long silence followed, and Sam started to believe Dean wouldn’t start talking at all, when suddenly: “How much do you remember about dad?” The question surprised Sam, Dean usually avoided talking about their father and not once had he brought him up by himself. “Why?” Sam asked, not knowing where to start. Even though John had died almost ten years ago, Sam would probably never be able to forget how horrible he was when drunk.
“You and Cas. The Angel and the Special One. You and your boyfriend are truly remarkable.” She said with a wink, causing Dean to blush furiously.
This was the moment that Castiel walked in on, syringe in his hand, sweaty and panting from sprinting. Castiel watched as Sam kicked his brother in the ribs, the force of it causing Dean to shout in pain. He took three long steps and was right behind Sam, sinking the needle in him, taking him by surprise. He then wrapped his arms around Sam from behind, pinning the boy's arms down as Sam thrashed against this newfound restraint.
“If you want me to fuck you, we have to do it right now. I need you.” Castiel was impressed with himself that he was still able to string full sentences together, all of his coherent thoughts circled around Dean and what they were about to do.
“No need, she's just watching out for you.” Dean said, smiling at the way Castiel tilted his head as he didn't understand. “Why, what did she say?”
“Sam, fight it. Don’t let the feeling take over. You’re stronger than your gift.” Cas said calmly, letting go of Dean’s hand as he stepped closer to Sam. Sam looked at him irritated, remembering that he wanted to control it. He tried not to give in to the feeling bubbling up inside him, pushed it away with all the mental strength he could muster. Castiel’s calm voice helped, grounding him, giving him something to hold onto. “You can do it, Sam. That’s it. Don’t give in, no matter how impossible it feels. You have to fight it if you want to get out of here.” Sam had to close his eyes, too distracted by Dean’s worried expression and suddenly, the feeling was just gone. He opened his eyes to see both Castiel and Dean smiling at him.
“Cas.” Dean said, finally back in the here and now. The pain in his cheek was fading quickly and Dean noticed with horror that his face was wet with his own tears. He looked at Castiel, cheeks now burning with embarrassment rather than pain, but Castiel’s eyes met his own, nothing but understanding and concerned. “Are you okay?” Castiel asked carefully, stepping closer to Dean. Dean said nothing, but the tears that filled his eyes again were enough of an answer and Castiel pulled Dean into a tight embrace.
Dean opened his eyes to an artificially illuminated, white room. He registered he was lying in a bed, but he couldn’t make out his surroundings, his vision was weirdly blurry. He tried to sit up but his body felt incredibly heavy and there was a dull pain right behind his forehead. Dean wanted to ask where he was and he didn’t remember what happened but he couldn’t get his mouth to open. He was so damn tired. He closed his eyes again and drifted back into unconsciousness.
It was as if a switch had flipped inside of Sam. Before he could decide how to proceed, his body had already moved on it's own. He took Meg by surprise as he suddenly pulled her arm, brutally twisting it behind her back. She shouted in surprise and pain, too surprised to do anything about it at the moment.
They made their way to the mountain in silence, Dean taking in the beautiful scenery. They walked along the long beach, away from the volleyball players. Dean was thankful for that, he did not feel like meeting new people right now.
“Seriously, Dean. What the hell.” He said and Dean frowned at him. “What?” Sam shook his head, disapprovingly. “Nothing.”
“What are you even talking about? My… gift?” Dean frowned at the sound of it, almost convinced the man was a about to crack up and tell him this was all a joke. A very bad one, that is. “You inherited the Gene from your father. The pain that you felt before you passed out in your kitchen, that was your body adjusting to the sudden breakout of your gift. Your parents did not prepare you for this moment?” Castiel still looked absolutely serious and Dean was starting to consider that he had gone insane. “You don’t know what I am talking about, do you?” Castiel’s face mirrored the confusion that Dean was feeling. “There are some people on this earth that have something we refer to as “the Gene”. The Gene is a mutation that is passed on along the male members of a bloodline. It allows your body to do things that other people cannot do. Here we all have special abilities.” Dean watched wide eyed as Castiel’s feet left the ground and the man started hovering about 3 inches off the floor.
Even after he had learned how to conceal them, Castiel did not want to leave the premises of the Institute, certain he would make a mistake and reveal his mutation to everyone. The knowledge that he would not only endanger himself but also every other Gifted was enough to keep him in the Institute.
“She lives here?” Dean asked, unable to imagine why anyone would willingly choose to live here. In Castiel’s case it was obvious, he couldn’t risk anyone seeing his wings. Gabriel was sort of plausible as well, if it was true what Castiel had said and Gabriel liked to trick people. But other than that? Dean had not understood Kevin's reasoning, and he could not think of any reason for a civilian to want to be here with a whole bunch of freaks.
“You think
“I got angry.” Castiel said, not wanting to talk about his feelings and not knowing how to put them into words either way.
“I wouldn’t know, I never did anything like this before.” Castiel said, confirming Dean’s earlier assumption. Dean smiled against Castiel’s skin and kissed his neck again, inhaling the other man’s scent.
. More images, accompanied by feelings this time. A single tear rolled down Dean’s cheek as he relived what must be his worst childhood memory.
“You couldn’t have done anything, Sammy. You were just a kid.” Dean said reassuringly and Sam nodded, wiping the back of his hand across his eyes. “Exactly, and so where you. Except you never got to be a kid because you had to take care of your annoying little brother.” Dean smiled a bit at that, looking at his hands, folding them on his knees. “Do you remember what happened the day dad died?” So that’s what all this is about. Sam thought, looking at Dean intently, waiting for him to look back at him before he spoke. “Yes.” He said, watching all color drain from Dean’s face as his older brother finally made eye contact.
Dean’s hands lingered on Castiel’s wings. The sensation was less overwhelming now, merely a soft tingling, and only adding to the post-orgasmic bliss both of them were experiencing. Eventually he dropped his hands to his sides and they simply stood like that: both men breathing hard, Dean’s head resting on Castiel’s shoulder, Castiel’s arms wrapped around Dean. The only thing holding then upright was each other, legs ready to give in after the intense pleasure they just experienced.
“It is not going to happen. You should have left when you had the chance. Chuck called in the authorities. In less than an hour this place will be swarmed by elite troops and you will be taken back into custody. How they treat you depends on your further actions. Let the boy go.” Castiel watched Azazel’s movement, willing him to come closer as he was almost close enough to touch. Dean froze at Castiel's bluff, hearing the lie, hoping that Azazel wouldn't notice.
Castiel stays with Dean, gently washing his face with the washcloth. With every stroke, Dean looks better and better until his face is finally clean, looking utterly peaceful. Cas can't bring himself to wake Dean up so he just stays there, sitting, watching as Dean sleeps for hours.
[12.08.20]
Castiel doesn’t say. Instead, he scoots closer on his knees. All his words have anchored themselves to his throat; everything except,
[22.08.20]
The corners of the man’s mouth curls in a small smile. “I like it here. Watching life… It never gets old. I’m sorry my presence has ailed your field.”
“You can’t even
Dean finds Castiel clawing weakly at the wrist of the hand around his neck, his back pressed to the wall. Outside, a suspicious man is loitering, expression bored but alert enough to set off a few alarm bells in Dean’s head.
The man — obviously a man, yes, look at the width of those shoulders — is clad in a long, flowing midnight cape, his hair chaotically wind ruffled, and he’s sitting in the center of a wide ring of Dean’s drooping plants like he has a right to be there. (He definitely doesn’t. Dean might be a little scatter brained, but even he would remember giving
The academy settled quickly after a buzz of activity. Student life got a lot easier for everyone, since Gordon and his gang stopped bullying people. Nothing really changed for Castiel, since nobody used to really talk to him and it remained about the same; except now, dismissive and judging glances were all but gone, replaced by respect and curiosity. Those who had witnessed Castiel in dragon form spread the news faster than wildfire and in a single day, Castiel’s reputation flipped around. Even the teachers were astonished by the news.
the person who engraved the rings for them: oh my god, they're absolute idiots... if I hadn't postponed the pickup for one of them, they really would've walked in at the same time
Castiel smiles wide enough to show a flash of straight white teeth. It crinkles the corners of his eyes, and Dean already knows he needs to see it again.
“Please,” Castiel breathes.
He closes his eyes and drinks.
No matter how lost Castiel is, he'll never be able to find Dean again.
And maybe he’ll have that, someday.
Maybe Dean had gone back home.
Dean smashes their lips together, swallowing Castiel's sharp gasp like he'd been starved for days on end. He pushes the jacket off Castiel's shoulders, sliding a thigh up between Castiel's legs in a dirty grind.
He can’t say he misses it.
[11.09.20]
What could very well be hours later, Castiel turns the last page and abruptly recalls seeing Dean. He remembers Dean asking if he was okay, remembers — with a pang of guilt — snapping a monosyllabic response. But Dean didn’t leave; no, he had sat at Castiel’s feet to read a book, borrowed from the stack next to Castiel.
Dean had gone to the bathroom to splash cold water on his face and consider swallowing an Advil for the residual aches in his limbs, resolutely against the very idea of popping a pill in front of Castiel for a reason he refuses to look too closely at. Castiel, far too perceptive for Dean’s sake, simply turns the doorknob —
It’s time to move on.
[26.08.20]
It takes a moment, but Castiel spares him a quick glance, eyes wild when they meet Dean’s before they dart away again.
Castiel nods listlessly, his head lolling.
The uncertainty in Castiel fades, quickly replaced by something devastatingly soft; without a word, Castiel sits. Crossing his arms across his chest, Dean stands next to Castiel — well within the boundary of Castiel’s peripheral vision — and rests his hip against the back of the armchair.
Castiel continues waiting. Dean continues holding Castiel’s wrist hostage.
Bit of bondage and praise kink
“He said he was going to the store,” Castiel says, utterly unfazed by Dean’s clipped tone. Over the end of the bottle, Dean watches Castiel’s eyes track his throat as he swallows.
Angel Cas, Demon Dean
She closes her eyes, smiles. “Thank you.”
John’s expression remains mostly bored with a lingering dash of disdain. But Dean is more than well versed in observing the faintest hints of his father’s moods; he sees the subtle twitch of John’s eye, catches the slight tightening around John’s mouth.
Dean lets it go, and Castiel blinks. His eyes ask the question he doesn’t voice.
“This is” — Castiel’s tongue peeks out once again and
Castiel, exalted angel of the Lord, is an ice cream biter. Of course he is.
“Anddd that’s it for today.”
"Would you like some?"
"Dean," Castiel gasps.
Dean growls, pulling Castiel’s hand from his chest to poke around the area, gently exploring.
To make matters even worse, the man opens his mouth and starts speaking with a voice of pure sin, rough as gravel and rich as the darkest decadent chocolate.
Dean huffs, propping himself up on one elbow. “What, lemme guess— You didn’t expect me to say that?”
Castiel thrusts up into Dean in a slow, deep grind.
Dean thinks, even as the rest of him pleads,
Castiel laughs and closes the distance between them, tilting his head back a bit to make up for the little height difference; Dean’s eyes instinctively fall shut along with Castiel’s.
Dean reads the letter the instant he gets home, his frown deepening with each word.
Something sparks briefly in the murky mess of his intoxicated thoughts like a dying firefly, but it’s gone even faster than it had barely appeared.
He sets the bottles along one wall of the empty meeting hall, striding confidently to the opposite side. The gun is loaded with fluid practiced movements and pointed readily at a target in mere seconds.
It isn’t night — it’s actually very much day — but Dean smiles, fond, and presses a kiss to Castiel’s hair before he drifts off.
“Well, yeah.” Dean hums a sigh. “But if—” Damn, some words are so much easier to say when he doesn’t have to say them.
Dean roams down the aisles, deftly avoiding any people. He drifts around the shop, exploring in a new perspective, appreciative of the subtle scents he could never pick up with a human nose. Once the adrenaline from his run settles, Dean heads for the tree, turns a few circles next to it, and curls up, head on his paws.
Castiel watches on in awe as Dean opens up so wonderfully for his fingers, back arched and head tossed back against the pillow in pleasure. He could do this forever, never tire of seeing Dean writhing in ecstasy because of
What is Castiel waiting for?
[26.08.20]
one day I'll stop writing Dean/Cas being fools in awe of each other's eyes... that day will not be anytime soon
[06.09.20]
No one will care whether he exists or not.
It’s another first
Castiel hated himself for feeling the way he did. After all, he’s no longer alone — he has Dean. But only now does he understand, that the pain of having and then losing something is much greater than not having it at all. Not that he’s lost Dean. No, Dean still visits every weekend with baked goods and warm smiles, still trots into the shop with four paws and a wagging tail on random weekday nights to curl up under the tree. Castiel knows he has Dean, now more than ever. Yet his mind whispers poisonous doubts, telling him he's lost more than just letters in Dean’s handwriting, that he’s gained less than the affectionate but deliberately measured touches. He knows Dean is busy with running his shop, knows Dean is only seemingly passive because of his exhausting work hours. But long periods of time spent alone with your thoughts breeds deadly creatures, and while Castiel doesn’t doubt Dean’s affections for a second, he now finds his previous solitary lifestyle to be rather… lonely.
Because that’s all Dean needs, all Dean deserves; to be loved until he’s bursting at the seams, until it’s all he knows.
Dean holds it off until it burns bright as a supernova inside him and he excuses himself to the diner restroom, locking the dirty, wobbly door behind him. But the spell won’t be satisfied by masturbation, and Castiel takes it upon himself to give Dean a hand.
He drinks.
Seeing unfathomable green eyes, glossy with shock and agony, soft with pleading.
“Dean,” Sam grumbles, “when are you going to stop being so hostile to Gabriel?”
“I’ll get it.”
Dean glares, back ramrod straight and hands clenched into tight fists. A second later, he lowers his eyes, gritting his teeth. “No, sir.”
What Dean actually ends up doing is definitely not that. To Sam’s chagrin and Jack’s glee, Dean finds out Castiel’s reaction would be to hum a pleased purr and lick into Dean’s mouth like he’d only been waiting for permission.
Whatever happened to
But he’s moped and mourned enough.
Michael stumbles backward, pointing with a shaking finger. “Why— How are you so powerful?”
The next few minutes pass in a blur for Dean; he sighs and whimpers while Castiel bestows hot, open mouthed kisses down his chest — when had he taken off his shirt, Dean doesn’t know — and leisurely removes the rest of Dean’s clothes, deliberate like he’s unwrapping a present. By the time Castiel’s nipping at the sensitive flesh high on Dean’s inner thighs, Dean’s squirming restlessly, whining softly as he pulls feebly at the sheets.
The sun rises.
“The Moores are a rather insignificant bloodline,” John muses, flippantly. “Still, an acceptable improvement. I never would’ve imagined both my sons getting bonded to the same wretched bloodline — Sam was already one too many, and now look at you.”
Time crawls, infuriatingly slow. A watched pot doesn’t boil, so Dean starts tearing pages from his notepad into squares, meticulously folding neat paper cranes; he gets a few curious glances from shoppers walking by, but none of them stop to ask and the number of people wandering about dwindle as the pile at Dean’s feet steadily grows.
Slowly, cautiously, Castiel perches next to Dean, hoping the dip of the mattress would alert Dean to his presence without being too distressing. He glances at the bedside cabinet; all of the Tylenol he’d left is gone, the shallow bowl now occupied by three balled up granola bar wrappers. At least Dean had eaten something. Castiel’s replacing the empty water bottles on the bedside cabinet with the colourful electrolyte filled drinks in his arms when Dean stirs, shifting his weight restlessly. Freezing in place, Castiel hardly dares to breathe, but Dean settles quickly without acknowledging Castiel. He must be deeply asleep, then.
“Hurts,” Castiel mumbled under his breath, mildly grateful for the alcohol in his system working hard to dampen the vicious sensations of such wounds.
“Mind your boundaries, brother. My strength might have been inferior in the past, but if you dare harm my friend, I will not hesitate to show you just how much I’ve grown.”
“I’m sorr—”
Dean’s never letting him go.
But Castiel has no inclination towards moving. He’d been apathetic for most of the afternoon, making halfhearted attempts at enjoying his usual pastimes before giving up. The most Castiel had gotten himself to do was assemble something like a nest in the cushioned sunken area of his living room, collecting extra pillows and fluffy blankets of dark muted colours around one corner. Next to him sits a pile of books he’d grabbed for no real reason, hoping the photos — of art, food, plants — would provide a tolerable distraction.
delightfully messy dark hair more wild than usual, jaw and face slack, collar unbuttoned to expose his throat, hands curled into fists next to his spread legs— And, when Dean meets Castiel’s eyes, they dilate impossibly further right in front of him, beautiful blue thinning into narrow rings surrounding black.
Dean ends up grabbing one of the dark woven bracelets spelled with a nifty charm encouraging restful sleep at night, along with a handful of dried herbs he could use in cooking. He sets the basket on what he now notices is an elevated hardwood floor in the shop — it must be all soil underneath, that solves the mystery of a massive live plant growing indoors — and plops down to rest his back against the trunk of the tree. There are quite a few customers, not a surprise when this shop is the only one supplying specific items necessary for spellwork, but the noise level is comfortably low.
Castiel spends his first day sober in (what used to be) Dean’s bed, sleeping off his hangover and the side effects of suddenly going cold turkey. He makes sure to drink some water every time he wakes, even gets himself to eat a little bit.
“Too hot?”
What is he waiting for?
Dean chuckles. “Relax, Cas. They’ve been wanting to meet you for ages, they’ll play nice.” He nudges open the barrier he had installed to prevent customers from wandering behind the counter. “Get over here, I’ve been wanting to kiss you since you walked in.”
“Hey, Winchester!”
Dean feels like he’s about to lose his mind. Not being able to breathe probably isn’t doing him any favours, though.
“And where’s your stupid familiar,” Gordon taunts.
When he finally remembers his plan, Castiel pats around for the pillow he’d left nearby, slowly lifting Dean’s head enough to slide it under. Selfishly, Castiel allows himself to brush the pad of his thumb over the freckles scattered across Dean’s cheekbone, fingers sliding through Dean’s hair in a lingering touch as Castiel withdraws his hand.
Dean welcomes Castiel with open arms, watching him brace himself on his forearms over Dean’s head with smiling eyes. Slipping his arms around Castiel’s neck to slide a hand into unruly dark hair, Dean arches up to meet Castiel for a soft kiss.
Exhaling the tension from his shoulders, Dean takes another sip of coffee. He watches a familiar scurry back to her witch with a bundle of lavender, and wonders if it was time he tried introducing a new pastry to the variety he has at the shop. Dean pulls out the pen and notepad he always carries, biting idly at his lip as he jots down ideas.
The wounds heal quickly; Castiel knows he’ll have to pry them open again and again, all in hopes of temporarily satisfying the curse he’d inflicted on himself.
The doorknob clicks almost silently when it turns, and Dean panics. “Don’t,” he blurts, whirling around. Castiel stops.
Dean ends up losing himself when Castiel brings in a careful touch of his teeth, the brief caress of suggested danger shoving Dean bodily over the edge.
Dean chuckles. “Okay, gotcha.” Still, he moves the candle down and away from Castiel’s ribs, allowing the next drop of wax to fall on the thick cord of muscle next to Castiel’s spine.
Oops. Grand miscalculation. At least he knows where it is now.
irreversibly changed by the need to kill
“Thoughtful as always,” Dean mumbles. He’s steadily losing ground in the battle against sleep, but he won’t allow it, not just yet, because even if his eyes are closed, he can feel Castiel’s troubled gaze. “Cas— What’s wrong?”
familiar?”
Dean moves back again.
quite clearly
because his grace is a dying flame, small and weak, only just barely alive. One plus one might equal two, but two halves can only make one whole.
“I’ll let him in?”
“What is he, anyway? Lemme guess… A rat? Oh, I know— A pigeon?”
It’s quite clearly
Castiel doesn't even know if there are any people out there who
Castiel holds Dean’s words to his unmoving heart, holds on with the desperation of a man drowning.
Sleep is essential, Dean.
A few more steps.
EDIT: Full fic is
he is, Castiel collects the last few remaining empty bottles from Dean’s room. He’s unspeakably relieved he’d been in a different room during his surrender to the outburst of violent intent.
He starts losing time. It’s only a few seconds every few days, but Castiel had been expecting it for quite some time. Ancient forces nearly as strong as God himself have a price, after all, and this one demands freshly spilled blood. Even Castiel can only resist for so long.
Dean’s quiet for so long, it’s no wonder Castiel thinks he’s asleep.
Finished, Dean sits back, expecting Castiel to open his eyes and start protesting about Dean’s earlier interference again. He doesn’t. Instead, Castiel appears to be asleep, his head nodding to one side; Dean instinctively reaches out with a hand to catch and steady Castiel's head before the momentum has him tumbling from his seat.
fine.
[12.08.20]
Castiel looks almost disappointed. He doesn’t say anything, but there’s something pained in his eyes. Dean hates it.
When Dean eventually forces himself to go home, two cups of coffee later, he leaves the last box of pie on the counter with a note.
Dean doesn’t reply. He stares silently at Castiel’s thumb, stroking idly back and forth over the bump of Dean’s knuckle.
It takes him a few moments to convince his body to relax, many more to finally sit up.
Dean reaches the end of the street, pausing on the sidewalk in front of what looked to be a neat cottage of a moderate four person family size.
“I’m sorry,” he whispers to the empty room, eyes closed.
“What’s with that face?” Dean raises an eyebrow at Sam, expression curious.
Instead, Castiel holds his tongue and tiptoes to the window, pulling the blackout curtains shut as quietly as he could. There’s usually a sizable gap between the curtains — because they both have an appreciation for falling asleep to moonlight and waking up to sunlight — but right now, darkness would probably be the best bet.
Not literally, apparently, because Castiel lowers himself to his knees in front of Dean —
“Yessir,” Dean laughs, leaning down to press a kiss to the back of Castiel’s neck.
“I can do that,” Castiel mutters. He just about collapses onto his back, sprawling bonelessly where he lands.
Anger flares in Dean, quick and easy as gasoline catching fire. “My—”
[31.08.20]
Dean saunters into the house with two reusable bags of groceries, fumbling around to nudge the front door locked with a knuckle. He makes a beeline for the kitchen after kicking his boots off, setting the bags on the granite island before unpacking them and placing everything in their rightful places — vegetables and eggs and beer in the fridge, packaged snacks in the tall cupboards, box of pie on the counter.
“I wasn’t going to bite him, Dean!” Sam winces, holding his hands up when Dean whirls around with a glare. “Sorry.”
instead of letting the fear of failure root him to the spot.
The man immediately tries to urge John up from his seat. Dean’s reluctantly impressed, then irritated when John refuses to budge.
[13.08.20]
Protective golden symbols appear, their glow fading with a green tint as they sink into the walls. Satisfied, Dean joins Castiel under the comforter, yawning widely. Who knew emotions could be so draining?
scorched cleanly into the wood, and there’s no logical reason to knock. Dean finds himself stretching out a hand anyway, but as his knuckles make contact with the door, it nudges open, sliding easily on its hinges.
It’s okay now, you’ll be alright, it’s safe
He has no right to be disappointed. Not when he’d been acting like that.
He’s practically radiating waves of his disgruntlement like body heat, but Dean grudgingly allows Castiel to gently manhandle him upright against the pillows. Castiel knows Dean well enough to hand over the pill and open water bottle without any protesting, keeping a stern eye on him as Dean pops the Tylenol into his mouth and swallows it down with a few gulps of water.
Dean breathes out. Not quite a sigh, but also not a mere exhale.
so Castiel sheds his suit jacket and dress shirt, dropping them carelessly to the floor. He’s more cautious when it comes to his laptop, cushioning it on his clothes with his blue tie on top.
enough to accentuate the way the suit framed his ass.
Castiel stares blankly at the thick fabric draped haphazardly over him, then at what had once been Dean’s bed a good distance away, now missing the blanket.
Castiel starts to wait for Dean’s prayers; they’re the brightest stars in Castiel’s permanent night sky.
Sets.
Dean purrs a happy sound with a hint of amazed disbelief, curling a hand into Castiel’s hair to kiss him harder. When he runs his tongue over the seam of Castiel’s lips, Castiel immediately allows his mouth to fall open, soft and warm and pliant.
Son of a bitch. Does he have
When Dean dares a quick glance, Castiel’s observing the creamy swirl of the ice cream with something close to suspicion in his blue eyes. Too keyed up for laughter, Dean pointedly gestures it at Castiel —
Castiel startles at Dean’s outburst, eyes round.
“Let him go,” Dean snarls.
He remembers blowing out every single light bulb in the old barn, shards raining down like snow; perhaps it had been a tad excessive. He’d met jewel green eyes, wide with awe, and been proud of how well he’d rebuilt the body housing such a bright soul.
It’s the only female that had joined them on this mission, and although it takes him a second, he remembers her name: Risa. Indescribably relieved not to be the only survivor, he bends over and offers a hand, shoving sweat soaked hair out of his eyes.
“Who?” Sam asked frowning
“You-you can’t fight the empty.” Sam chocked out.
“You remind me of him.” She said looking Jack over. Jack’s eyes filled with tears at her words and she frowned.
“My brother's death is not on you. Lucifer killed him. When things got bad in heaven Gabriel just left no goodbye, no note, nothing. No matter how much I prayed to him and begged him to come back- to come get me I never got a response. You made him- him again.” She said determination punctuating her every word. She held her hand out palm up and a tape appeared in it.
“Where is Uncle Chuck?” Gabriella asked as she and Amara separated. Nobody commented on the sudden change of title for Chuck and instead watched her warily not knowing what to expect from her after they answered.
“And then you had the nerve to die and send me a tape. A tape!” She snapped hitting him again and sending him flipping over the library table. The sound of lightning clapping in the distance filled the bunker and Dean found himself worrying about whether it was going to start raining inside. Gabriella’s wings bristled with anger as Gabriel suddenly appeared in front of her. He wrapped his arms tightly around her and she started punching his back, screaming at him to let her go. Her screams slowly turned into sobs as she began sinking to the ground. Gabriel followed after her not letting his grip loosen.
“Then why are you here?” Dean asked.
“I see why Castiel thought he could not have you. You have never made him feel as though you love him and frankly I’m itching to throw your soul back into hell. If I had not have gone in your head and felt your emotions while looking through your memories I would doubt that you felt anything for him at all. It does seem however that you treat everybody that way.” She said studying him with a frown.
“I hope you don’t mind, your clothes were coated in blood and ruined.” Sam explained noticing the questioning look on her face. She hummed in understanding before following them out of the room. Dean poured himself a drink before sitting down.
Eyes wide, Michael turns tail and beats a hasty retreat, the windchime above the door cheerfully announcing his departure to an audience of two.
breaks him in ways he could never escape, not unless he was literally out of his own mind.
Lost in the depths — they would probably be even more stunning with Dean’s human eyesight — of blue eyes, it takes a moment for the words to find their way to Dean’s brain. He scrambles up into a sitting position and tips his head to one side, ridiculously disappointed when the elegant fingers cease their petting.
Castiel rocks back on his heels in relief when he sees Dean’s chest rising and falling in the slow rhythm of sleep, steady breaths occasionally hitching gently with the softest of snores.
Dean huffs.
Castiel continues staring back at Gordon, indifferent to the blood he can feel dripping down his face.
As usual, Dean’s the first to look away. He rubs the back of his neck, grimacing at the sweat he feels there. Christ, it sucks having to wear the full fed monkey suit getup in the peak of summer. “Can get myself one, Cas.”
Grief smashes into Dean like a tidal wave, blowing every single one of his own whirling emotions clear out of the water. He’s a ship lost at sea, water seeping in through every seam of his hull, simultaneously drowning him from the inside out and the outside in. Dean’s own sorrow for the innocent life — lost so easily, unrecognized for so long — only adds to the roaring ocean trapped within the bond stretching between himself and Castiel, lending height and depth to the waves.
“Would you like to come over? We have a freshly baked apple pie.”
Castiel repeats, a little more
Dean runs his oiled hands down the sides of Castiel's back, his thumbs tracing parallel paths along the curve of Castiel's spine. Sighing softly, Castiel arches up into Dean's touch, tugging absently at the blue tie anchoring his wrists to the headboard.
[02.09.20]
“...Thanks.”
“...What?”
Dean opens his mouth to say, his mind reeling with the force of this unexpected truth. By his side, Castiel’s breath hitches audibly with a soft whimper.
When Castiel falls asleep seconds later, he dreams.
“Please,” Dean whispers.
[23.08.20]
Next time he’ll try the daily tea, he tells himself, even though he hates tea. The coffee is wonderful, rich with a complex flavour Dean could never hope to get from the cheap stuff he halfheartedly brews at home to wake himself up in the mornings, so maybe even the tea will be good enough to have Dean enjoy drinking boiled leaf juice.
Exactly like a few hours earlier, Castiel cradles Dean’s cheek and bends down. This time, he rests his forehead against Dean’s — Dean hums a pleased little noise from deep within his chest, the sound not unlike a purr, and tips his head back to playfully bump their noses together. Castiel smiles, stroking his thumb along the curve of Dean’s cheekbone.
It builds and builds and Dean knows devastation will be inevitable when it hits.
But today he has a mission — and some pies to get back to baking — so Dean grabs one of the nice woven baskets and studies the shop map, pulling out the list from his pocket. He squints at his near illegible scribbles, batting away a spot of flour smeared over a few of the words.
for Castiel.
Castiel steps closer; Dean’s lashes flutter as he avoids Castiel’s earnest gaze. “What happened,” Castiel presses in a gentle murmur.
When Castiel presses him down into the pillows, Dean’s mouth parts with a content sigh, and Castiel happily accepts the invitation. He’ll never get used to it — how gently Dean kisses, attentive and never overbearing, like he’s pressing his love into Castiel with his lips and tongue. It’s the best kind of drug, and Castiel kisses Dean for as long as he wants because he can; Castiel loves seeing Dean smiling up at him with kiss swollen lips and pink flushed cheeks, the green of his eyes jewel bright rings around his dilated pupils.
“Sorry, we’re closed,” Dean calls from where he’s wiping down the stainless steel tables behind the counter.
Rolling his eyes with a smirk, Sam sits back. “It’s just a hug; no need to get so possessive, Dean.”
My eyes?
himself over the sofa in his haste to reach the other side.
Dean groans. He can already feel the warmth blooming across his cheeks and tips of his ears. “You could’ve stopped my dumb ass at any time, preferably before I started that stupid chick flick speech— Okay, I’m gonna, I should shut up now—”
Dean ignores his brother, because although Castiel’s smile is so small it might well not exist, the corners of his eyes crinkle in a manifestation of his happiness.
Castiel’s pupils shrink into thin lines, his anger and grief battling for dominance through their bond.
It’s times like this when Dean is extremely grateful for his detached home, shut in neighbours, and the sizable forest behind his street, beginning right beyond the fence of his backyard. Nobody really goes into the forest beyond the few people walking their dogs or jogging at set intervals throughout the day, and the foliage is dense enough to hide even adults if they huddle down low enough. The only downfalls are the swarms of insects and masses of chittering squirrels, but they’re only minor nuisances and it’s rather easy to coexist, as long as there is no unwarranted hostility.
There’s a covered plate of toast and scrambled eggs sitting on Castiel’s marbled kitchen island when he wakes, cooling but not completely cold just yet. The mug of coffee next to it is still blissfully warm and Castiel cradles it in his hands, unable to hold back his drowsy smile as he inhales the rich scent. Standing a little ways from the ensemble is a folded sheet of paper bearing the word
It’s dark. The kind of dark he knows no human would be able to see in.
So he drinks.
I wish I could help. Take your pain away.
speak his name,” John hisses. “I’m sure all of us here understand — the Winchesters cannot be associated with such dirty blood. I will personally arrange the search for your next bonded, son.”
he doesn’t need to say.
Spiteful in a wickedly childish way, Castiel forces himself to focus on his book, ignoring Dean. He doesn’t know if he’s trying to get Dean irritated, or if he’s trying to spare Dean from anything unkind he might say in the heat of the moment.
he tells himself,
“I’m a Winchester, y’know? I don’t care about how much magic you have, how many people know your name.” Dean looks away from the growing amazement in Castiel’s eyes, picking at his nails for a moment. “I care that you’re a weird, dorky little guy who talks — and writes — stupid formal, usin’ all those big words like you’re some walking dictionary. I care that you’re an idiot who changes the weather just because some guy you don’t even know gave you a pie and politely asked for some sunshine, if you’d please. I care that you’re an awkward dude who is ridiculously thoughtful and has the weirdest sense of humour out of all the people I’ve ever met— I care that you’re
The man smiles. Dean barks quietly in return.
Dean nudges Castiel, guiding him to the armchair. “Sit,” he murmurs, gentle.
Crouched in front of Dean is a dragon. A sleek but still giant creature, complete with huge wings, a long tail, deadly claws, horns and spines— the whole package.
something poisonous in him whispers, and despite his efforts, his eyes fill.
Dean clutches at Castiel’s shoulders, a cut off whine catching in his throat, desperate and wanting. Switching targets, Castiel seals their lips together in a deep, heated kiss, swallowing Dean’s low moan.
The gun clicks. It’s empty.
So Castiel raises the gun again.
He soaks in the tranquil calm and helps himself to a cup of offered coffee from the machine set up at one end of the checkout counter, meandering slowly down the shelves.
Baby Jack, a little hint of angst, domestic fluff
Dean can’t even pretend to be annoyed by Castiel taking Sam’s side, because if he has to suffer this indignity to hear Castiel
Castiel laughs in Dean’s mind. Dean wishes he could hear the sound with his ears, see Castiel throw his head back as he laughs.
“Um.” Dean worries at his bottom lip with his teeth; Castiel tracks the movement with his eyes like he’s unable to look away. “Yeah— I mean, if you want—”
If Dean didn’t know any better, he would say the clouds didn’t look as gloomy as yesterday. As it were, even he isn’t thickheaded enough not to notice his own good mood; he hums a short repeating tune throughout the entire process of baking a fresh loaf of bread for himself and a few apple pies.
leave him alone!”
“Let’s go,” Gordon snaps. His group surrounds him like a pack as they leave the girl behind.
"I like smores," Jack declares, cheeks bulging. The flames are reflected in his wide, delighted eyes, casting sharp shadows across his face.
“Cas, you back with me?” Even at a whisper, Dean’s voice rasps, hoarse in the distinct way that comes from crying. He leans away from Castiel’s ear to clear his throat but it stubbornly remains, sinking his usual tone by half an octave. “Wanna take this somewhere else? ‘m sure it’ll be easier to cuddle in bed.”
He holds onto Dean’s little stories of countless hunts and long drives, sleepless nights and bloody wounds, good burgers and descriptions of all kinds of people.
He grabs for the bottle.
“Alright, okay.” The man squats down, resting Dean’s outstretched paw on his open palm. “I must be really obvious— but don’t worry, I’ve got a nice person looking after me too.” He drops Dean’s paw to tap Dean’s nose with the pad of a finger. “Go on.”
It should alarm Casiel, but he doesn’t allow it to — not yet.
Magic hums its deadly song as Castiel’s eyes ignite an icy electric blue, Dean’s own glowing a vibrant emerald green as they stretch the wings of their combined power in a threatening display. It feels so
time.
His words melt into a low, helpless moan as Castiel strokes him in a loose fist, nipping up the side of his throat. “Cas,
Four days of Castiel staring up at the lid of the box he’s buried in. Days spent silently counting the hours as they pass.
Feeling fragile human bones crack under his hands.
he muses, careless and distant, thoughtful but cold in the way of someone not caring for consequences.
“S’fine,” Dean grunts.
Castiel doesn’t blink. Slowly, he glances down at the cone trapped between their hands.
“Yeah, yeah. Get in here.”
“Hear that,” Dean growls, glad he could hear his own voice once again, “leave Cas alone, jackass.”
He drinks only two beers — ironically, the brand Dean seems,
Then, between one breath and the next, Castiel’s eyes are open, vivid blue with pupils thin as a needle.
“You seen Sam,” Dean bites out, raising his beer to his lips the instant he’s finished speaking.
Castiel curls his hand over Dean’s slack one where it rests in the dirt, closes his eyes, presses the gun to the soft skin under his chin.
Did he drink too much again?
If Castiel can make Dean whole, he’ll happily give up his half. His chances of survival are just as low as — if not lower than — Dean’s, anyway.
He’ll long for freedom. For blood. For open skies, the sun on his face.
much deeper than Dean could ever expect. “I’ll show you.”
Turns out, the reserved mute kid being suddenly revealed as a not-so-mute dragon familiar causes quite the splash in the pond.
Dean gasps, blinking through the tears rolling down his cheeks.
He doesn't cry, anymore.
Dean’s head spins with all the possibilities. How easy it would be, for him to be totally, completely wrong. How easy it would be, for him to be right.
Castiel stands, rooted to the spot. Should he tell Dean he can’t go anywhere — much less to work — unless Dean releases his wrist? Whatever Dean’s doing, it’s not entirely unpleasant; Castiel decides to remain patient, and wait for Dean to let go.
Castiel props himself up on an elbow and kisses Dean, soft and sweet. For a moment, he looks almost like he wants to speak, but he only smiles that small smile, resting a hand on the meat of Dean’s shoulder, perfectly aligned with where his handprint had once been.
Whirling around, Dean stumbles one step to the side and manages to catch Castiel by the biceps. Castiel stops, glaring over Dean’s shoulder with wet eyes, straining towards John.
Dean flushes, lowering his head in an attempt to hide it from sight. Castiel had insisted on carrying Dean all the way back after Dean’s knees buckled underneath him when he had tried to stand —
He doesn't bother to keep track.
Dean hums quietly in encouragement, nearly subvocal, and finally grants himself the permission to blink up at Castiel through damp lashes. His angel is positively
Reveling in the way he could finally breathe without feeling like he’s a step away from suffocating under all the pain, Castiel doesn’t feel the cut on his palm until he closes his fist and digs his nails straight into it, blood oozing between his fingers. Straightening his hand, he presses gently at one edge of the gash, hissing softly at the sharp bite of pain singing through his nerves.
something that is
This time for sure.
Evidently not.
He wonders if Sam and Dean are doing well. If Sam’s hair has grown even longer, if Dean still halfheartedly complains over its length. Castiel wonders if the Winchesters are sleeping well and resting sufficiently between hunts.
Instead, Castiel turns around, trying to burn the sight of Dean Winchester into an endlessly sad mind. Memorizes the glittering tears spilling down Dean’s cheeks, the precious emerald of Dean’s eyes, the damp clumpy mess of Dean’s thick eyelashes, the shadow of stubble along Dean’s strong jaw, the slight tremble shaking Dean’s lips.
“Dean, it’s alright.” Castiel shifts to rest some of his weight against Dean; comforted by the gesture in a way he can’t explain, Dean settles an arm around Castiel’s middle. “Sam, I presume?”
Gordon nods frantically, mute; he gawks as Castiel rumbles a low purr and nudges forward into Dean’s palm, eyes slipping shut in unparalleled trust.
Dean allows himself a smile — Castiel won’t be able to see it, anyway — and gets to work, using the damp towel to wipe away traces of dried tears.
The box sits open in the earth, welcoming its prisoner.
Castiel forces himself back, the barest whispers of his grace roiling inside, just enough to keep him alive for a few more moments, to keep him breathing long enough to say his goodbyes—
Under Dean’s wary gaze, it remains still, uncharacteristically so for his rather fidgety little brother. Dread coils thick and heavy in Dean’s stomach, a poisonous snake suddenly occupying an unavoidably significant amount of space. He can’t stop himself from calling out once again as he inches closer, voice hushed with his apprehension.
Castiel aims, gives himself a single breath, fires.
Out of the deep midnight of dark
Castiel packs the trunk of the Jeep Dean had taken on missions: rifles and other guns from the armory, heaping boxes of ammunition for all the firearms, tubby refillable containers of gasoline, stacks of all the nonperishable food he could find in the camp. He even digs around until he finds a half used can of black spray paint, painstakingly copying the demon proofing symbols under the Impala’s trunk lid onto the Jeep’s. Just in case.
Dean does laugh at the thought this time, a short chuckle that spills low and fond from deep within his chest. “Perfect.”
Quick as lightning splitting the sky during a storm, the ocean of grief inside switches to anger. So much anger, it’s bordering on vengeful.
“What?”
having anyone’s hands near his mouth. Seriously, with all the places hands get? No thanks.
punching identical groans from them both. Then, it’s not so great — a touch too dry, too much friction — but Castiel slips a loose hand up their combined lengths, his palm and fingers slick on the downstroke, smearing precome to ease the way, and Dean’s jaw falls slack with a moan he refuses to lend his voice to.
By the time his work day is over, Dean’s tired and frustrated with his own unwritten words. But as he’s mopping down all the floors, his brain spits out a half formed idea, and Dean jumps aboard the tiny raft with all his enthusiasm.
All this time, Dean had thought he would be something small and cute, at most maybe a big cat. Why the
Castiel shakes his head.
Then, Castiel lies down, holding Dean close. Legs tangled together under the comforter, they sleep.
Dean kisses Castiel in return, Castiel’s stubble scratchy under his palm. Maybe one day, he’ll find the courage to tell Castiel to
Overwhelmed — quite possibly hyperventilating as well, just a little — and exhausted, Dean slumps sideways. Castiel’s tail immediately slips around his waist, the end of one enormous wing curving close to support Dean’s weight, despite Castiel still being rather preoccupied with giving Gordon heart failure.
Days pass, just like that.
Castiel certainly hadn’t been planning to, but he really does need to grab his laptop first. There’s work he has to finish in exchange for the time he’s allowed to spend at home, by Dean’s side.
There’s a bud of hope growing, fast and resilient as a weed, and Castiel is struggling to squash its growth. After all, there’s no meaning to wait for something so uncertain.
Without lungs that constantly take from the surrounding air and a beating heart that expends a body’s energy, would such a creature be considered alive?
The page remains blank under the counter as Dean works hard attending to the last of the afternoon rush, mostly parents and teenagers buying dessert for their dinners or breads and pastries for breakfast the next day.
John seats himself on the sofa — what seems to be his bodyguard stands at attention behind him. He gestures lazily at the opposite armchair. “Please, sit.”
He’s going to snap, Dean realizes. Castiel has always been rather calm, his emotions never fluctuating very far in any negative direction. Dean had figured he was just a very mellow guy. No, turns out Castiel either has insane control over his emotions or he’s been bottling all of it up inside; whatever’s been maintaining the tentative balance is gone now, and everything’s about to explode in their faces.
Bondage, hint of pain kink
would you feel the need to hide something as awesome as this?
The first droplet lands just underneath the arch of Castiel’s shoulder blade, sliding to pool in between the bars of his ribcage. He gasps, a tiny hitch in his breathing, but Dean immediately stills.
“...Y’know, ‘f we’re gonna have one bed, it’s gotta be mine.”
So when Castiel takes one look at Dean — brows furrowed as flinches and shakes in his fitful sleep, lips forming one syllable he doesn’t voice — and tumbles headfirst into his dreams, Castiel has nothing to blame but his own nature.
they say.
No doubt concerned by Dean’s thoughtful silence, Castiel’s just about physically vibrating with his anxiety. “Was— Was that okay,” he blurts, cheeks flushed a soft pink.
Dean frowns. “What,” he says, again, like it’s the only word he knows. Is there an echo in here? No, it’s just Dean being an idiot.
Dean swears Castiel’s only doing it because he enjoys seeing the absolute terror on Gordon’s face. What a sadist. But, Dean would be lying if he said it didn’t bring him the slightest bit of satisfaction.
he’s making steady progress through the enemy ranks
The door hasn’t made a sound, so whoever came in? Hasn’t left like they should.
“I’m sorry,” he whimpers, clutching the gun between his two hands, short nails digging thin crescents into his skin.
I wish I could help, Dean.
in a voice thick with sleep is enough to send shivers down his spine.
Dean can’t see Castiel, but he can feel Castiel’s instant surge of suspicion.
Dean checks his jeans and face for any wayward puffs of flour, then grabs his phone and wallet. Shoving them into his pockets, he trots back into the kitchen to tear the list off his notepad. The page gets folded into his back pocket, and Dean snags his keys on the way out.
“C’mon.” Castiel’s voice trembles with tears he can’t let fall and his heart aches and Dean’s been hurting much more than Castiel could’ve ever imagined, but Castiel grabs Dean’s hand, pressing their palms together as he leads Dean to his home.
Castiel doesn’t respond, only stares at Dean. His gaze seems to say,
There’s no response.
Dean frowns quizzically. Is the angel about to ask about the proper method of consumption for ice cream? Something about the case? Or maybe…
entire day solo trips out of the bunker and return exponentially more frustrated each time nothing changes.
[08.09.20]
Calm as a slow flowing river, Castiel says, “It’s alright. Did you trip and fall again?”
It’s a plain vanilla cone, ridiculously overpriced but wonderfully chilled — not that temperature really mattered to Castiel, but the aesthetic was surely appreciated — from the truck Dean had impulsively decided to make a detour to during lunch. He’d blindly shoved the cone out in Castiel’s direction while he plopped himself down on the wooden picnic table bench next to the vigilant angel, eyes resolutely fixated on the juicy burger Sam had ordered for him. Sam, already chowin’ down on his rabbit food, is thankfully too busy chewing to comment anything, although he
The door opens, its hinge protesting — as usual — against the movement with a low squeak. He would fix it, but it’s been a decent indicator of customers entering the shop, so he’s been leaving the thing be.
Four days.
“Would you like to place an order—” He blinks. The person he thinks is standing there, is still standing there. “Cas?”
How ironic it is for him, a dweller of the underground, to have eyes blue as the cloudless summer skies currently above their heads. “Oh,” the man gasps, his voice rumbling low as thunder, “my apologies, I didn’t mean...” He trails off, blue eyes forlorn as he watches Dean revive the grains around him.
Just before he could fall asleep, Dean yawns, getting to his feet and shaking himself from head to toe. His tail waves his pleased satisfaction the whole way back.
When Castiel carefully takes Dean’s prized handgun from where it’s always tucked into Dean’s waistband and caresses the metal, still warm from Dean’s cooling skin, Lucifer isn’t there. It’s a small mercy. He gently shuts Dean’s eyes, looking down at him through a haze of tears one last time in an attempt to burn those beautiful features into his mind, before he thumbs the safety off.
Castiel doesn’t answer, blue eyed gaze steady on Dean’s face. The napkin from his finished — when did that happen — ice cream cone sits perfectly folded on the table.
Man, Dean had pulled out all the stops for such a sappy line and Castiel’s just staring at him. Did he say something wrong?
Castiel looks down at his hands, and Dean wants to plead for forgiveness until the sun rises for the next day.
Castiel lets Dean in.  He even sends a tiny trickle of his magic — in the form of a glowing blue bunting — to Dean as a guide, because not a single person (besides Castiel himself) knows where his living quarters are.
Castiel takes another small, neat bite. It’s absurd, how prim he is, sitting on a weather-worn picnic table bench with his back straight as an arrow, clad in his ill fitting suit and baggy trench coat and disheveled, backward knotted tie, taking tidy little nibbles of ordinary vanilla ice cream. He looks up at Dean, no possible brain freeze in sight, and solemnly declares, “I like these molecules.”
He cradles the gun in both hands, holding it steady and shooting exactly as he was taught: brace for recoil, elbows locked, quick and merciless shots one after the other, aiming for the chest area unless target is close enough to shoot for the head without risk of wasting bullets by missing. When the clip is empty, he throws the gun to stall for a brief moment, just enough time for him to drag out the triple edged blade he had thought to hide in his jacket at the last moment before they’d left the camp.
“I will get you something for the pain,” Castiel says, low.
“Leave! Now,” Dean barks. Castiel growls, shrugging out of Dean’s grasp. “Before—”
Dean finds all the items on the list almost disappointingly easily — everything on each shelf is
Dean!”
There’s a stranger standing in front of Dean, and the realization of being held as a hostage hits Dean like a freight train.
wait I didn't plan for this much angst
As quick as it had started, it ends, leaving Dean with kiss swollen lips and the taste of tears in his mouth. A little dazed, he pokes his tongue out to wet his bottom lip, an action he’s nearly always done more out of habit than necessity.
The edge is in front of him, waiting there, same as always. It would be so easy to step forward. Dean feels like he’s been standing and looking into the darkness of uncertainty forever. His want has long since grown into a living thing, a second heart sitting in his chest, and it doesn’t beat for him. What would happen if he carved it out of its home?
Castiel curls the fingers of his left hand into a fist. Pressing his teeth together until a muscle in his jaw jumps, he digs his blunt nails into his palm.
Dean shakes his head, taking another wobbly step back. “No…”
The faint sunlight peeking out around the edges of the curtains and from the hallway outside is just barely enough to make out the simplest shadowy outlines of the largest things in their bedroom; it’s a good thing Castiel knows where everything is, knows well enough he could likely navigate the space fairly well in total darkness. Dean doesn’t appear to have moved at all, but Castiel could hear some of the strained quality seep out of his breathing. It’s a small victory.
In the morning, as he’s baking all the pastries and breads and pies for the day, Dean realizes he’s been so busy thinking about Castiel’s letter, he’d forgotten to write his reply.
Pushing the lock shut on the door behind him, Sam tugs his boots off, eyes travelling around in the way of someone in an unfamiliar location. It’s quiet and tranquil inside, warm with weak end-of-winter sunlight streaming in through large windows. Castiel is likely upstairs, maybe taking a much needed nap. The thought brings a small fond smile.
Dean’s drinking, and he’s
Curiosity… Such a human emotion.
Castiel’s shoulders slump. Maybe. It’s probably late, and Dean has work tomorrow.
his neck broken and green eyes open but empty and unseeing.
“Dean,” Castiel says to the open book balanced on a pillow in his lap.
Jumping almost guiltily, they reluctantly separate, fingers trailing lingering touches across cheeks. Dean sinks his teeth into his bottom lip, playing coy, smug with something near satisfaction when Castiel’s eyes hungrily track the movement.
Sam, poking away at his phone, remains mercifully silent.
to get up in the morning, to struggle through each hopeless day, to give his life direction
determined, strong-willed Cas, so earnest and so giving, so
And yet. He knows those hands see their fair share of dirt and blood. He knows they’re only about as clean as his own. He
[18.09.20]
Dean hooks his chin over Castiel’s shoulder. “Definitely doesn’t help when you have a dog’s mostly one track mind.” He’s less agitated now, soothed by Castiel’s unwavering calm. “What’d you rush here for?”
It’s pure chance — a lucky coincidence — when Castiel glances down just slightly before he goes to check his bathrooms, just in case Dean is there. But Dean won’t be in any of the bathrooms, because he’s right there, sprawled on the cushioned floor.
Castiel’s a warm weight against Dean’s chest, blunt nails digging sharp crescents into his back. He’s crying into Dean’s shoulder, little gut wrenching whimpers cutting through his broken sobs, clutching onto Dean like he’s the only thing keeping Castiel from being swept away.
Castiel bundles the comforters and pillows from his bed into his arms, quietly sneaking back to the living room. It feels so strange knowing Dean is asleep in his home, trusting Castiel to keep him safe while he’s vulnerable. And Castiel knows, being able to go to sleep in a totally foreign location is no easy feat.
The sun sets for the umpteenth time, a detail he doesn't care enough to observe.
But without Dean, the world is his cage.
Castiel whines into the pillow, thighs tensing under Dean's weight, but he obediently relaxes after a moment.
It must be some tiny lingering spark of his grace; somehow, no matter how much alcohol he consumes, his body forces him to reject any dangerous amounts of excess.
Bewildered, Sam watches Dean leave the room.
Whew I'm so used to doing all my world building + plot together in less than 2k words, but this was so much fun to write! (wait is this my first multichaptered wip over 5k that I've actually finished... oop) Thank you to everyone who followed along on this journey :))
Heart pounding in his ears, alcohol muffling his rational thoughts just enough for recklessness, Dean fists a hand in Castiel’s coat lapel, shoving Castiel up against his bedroom door as he shuts it. Castiel moves easily, pink lips parting slightly when his back hits the door, and Dean’s eyes immediately drop. For a long, suspended moment, he wants nothing more than to lick the remaining taste of bitter coffee from Castiel’s mouth.
After all, actions speak louder than words.
in his time, Castiel works Dean easily; taking him up so high he sees stars, so fast his head spins. And for someone who’s profusely adamant about
Castiel starts to wait for Dean’s prayers.
“Dean,” Castiel says, his hand warm —
[13.09.20]
"Yes, you need to—” Each and every thought exits Castiel’s mind at the speed of light, leaving him with his mouth hanging open and not a single word on the tip of his tongue.
“Is that how you speak to your father, boy,” John Winchester says, tone a controlled deadly calm.
“Dean, welcome,” Bobby greets, smiling warmly at the pair. “Sit down, I’ll grab you a slice of pie. Kiddo, you want one?”
Drawer—”
they taste better), several cans of chicken broth (all from the brand Dean likes, because he can be strangely fussy about the taste of soup), a fresh package of oatmeal (perfect timing, they were running low), and two little boxes of blueberries (usually Castiel would only purchase one but they were on sale, and they’re wonderful in oatmeal anyway).
“Cas…”
But he’s always been bad at resisting Dean Winchester.
Castiel slowly pokes his tongue out to wet his lips. “I’m going to be late for work.”
Dean hums, glancing up from the blazing fire.
“Beautiful,” Castiel growls as he settles his hands right on the delicate lace sitting low on Dean’s hips, “so
Dean slaps weakly at Castiel’s wing. “Cas,” he wheezes, voice hoarse, “hey.”
The bodyguard is somehow standing in front of John now, eyes sharp and posture defensive. Dean pauses. That thought couldn’t have been his own. Which means…
have the keys.
Dean would have been proud.
“You guys bring most of the meat, I gotta do something,” Dean mutters. “And I don’t
Dean whines a weak, high sound of surprise when their lips meet. Desperation has Castiel kissing Dean harder,
Hm. The idea doesn’t seem to bother Dean as much as he thought it would.
As the ring is nestled back into a pocket, the patch of fallen leaves next to him swirls upward, caught in a brief breeze. They drift forlornly back to the ground with nothing to keep them up in the air.
The quiet gasp forces itself from between Dean’s lips. Turning his head to look at Castiel, Dean involuntarily takes a step away.
Dean blinks, his eyes returning to their usual emerald. “No ma’am. I’m taking Cas to the nurse, he’s bleeding.”
Still, he drinks.
in an elegant swirling font.
It’s about time to finally see the place even he’s heard countless tales of.
Castiel coughs, pressing a hand to his chest as he props himself up on an elbow.
before, with his grumpy morning caffeine need and his quietly sassy attitude, crystal clear blue eyes that seemed to see everything and just a tad bit nerdy demeanor. Now, with the addition of his gravelly deep voice and sunshine smiles, mildly flirty (if Dean wasn’t reading it all wrong) behaviour and slightly louder sassy attitude, you really can’t blame Dean for being interested. Castiel does have an awkward but greatly endearing sort of personality, after all.
And confidently closes his hand around thin air.
Castiel blinks.
(didn't have enough words to really flesh out the idea, but this is supposed to be soulmate AU where only your soulmate can hurt you)
When he leaves, it’s with some dried basil and a folded note addressed to him, the handwriting a perfect match with all the signs in the shop. Dean absolutely does not end up cutting a fifteen minute walk down to just nine in his rush to read the note in the privacy of his home.
to favour, when he’d been… — in the time it takes the sun to rise again.
“Thanks,” Sam mumbles, a little grateful and a lot bewildered.
Something in him burns along with the body.
Castiel swallows, the click of his throat audible in their shared silence, and nods. Dean strokes an idle hand up and down Castiel's back, soothing, as he leans over to curl his fingers around a candle filling the room with the soft, sweet scent of honey and vanilla.
“...Dean?”
Exhaustion tugs at his limbs, but Dean holds it off. “Gotta do a parameter ‘n barrier— Just in case…” Sending his magic through the air, Dean murmurs the spells, memorized syllables rolling easily off his tongue.
“You should head home,” the man says, standing.
[14.09.20]
[15.08.20]
“Dean,” Castiel starts, shutting the door behind him. The quiet
It’s sitting just out of his reach; he knows it had been well within grabbing distance mere moments ago.
Castiel wakes with a strangled gasp caught in his throat. Swallowing hard, he raises shaking hands to his face, certain he would see them stained red. They’re not; even the bandage wrapped around one of his palms is a clean unblemished white.
“Mm,” Castiel hums, leaning his cheek into Dean’s palm, “feels nice.”
He’s afraid, Dean realizes. There’s pain in wanting from afar. But the pain of not being wanted is different. And while the joy of having is more than enough for him to want, he’s far too afraid of destroying what he has cradled in his hands.
Dean closes the distance with confident strides. “The hell’s goin’ on?” He shoulders right through the middle of Gordon’s group, ignoring the choice words thrown his way. When he sees Castiel, he whirls back around, angry eyes going gold-green. “You sonuvabitch—”
Castiel frowns at the nearly empty bottle.
Dean runs the tap until the water is frigid enough to make his fingers go numb. Cupping his hands together, he splashes his face, carelessly shaking his head to get stray droplets out of his hair. Grabbing a clean hand towel, Dean rinses it out several times, enough to have the cotton hold onto some of the cold from the water.
He falls asleep that night imagining Castiel with his eyes downcast, miserable and defeated as he whispers
Castiel shakes his head. “You didn’t,” he whispers. “I’m just…” He sighs. “I can’t— I wish I could stop thinking about how much I will miss this tomorrow.”
A deep grumbling growl interrupts.
He tries to imagine a pale blue sky stretching above him. He tries to imagine bright sunbeams caressing his face.
Jack turns his happy grin on Sam, who only smiles and passes over the completed smore. He had been banned from getting anywhere near the fire after burning a marshmallow to a crisp — it had caught fire, too — and then using his bare hands to catch the poor charred thing as it slipped off the metal skewer and tumbled to a fiery death.
“What, acting like some kinda hero, freak?” Gordon grabs a glass of water from the nearest table, and Castiel resigns himself to having wet clothes for a few hours. It’s a small price to pay. “Does that make you feel good,
Every cell in his body screams for
The fourth time, it’s after months of tension, enough for Sam to have already taken
“Can I kiss you?”
“Dean—” Castiel weakly protests, patiently sitting still as Dean insistently checks him over. “I’m fine. Just got the breath knocked out of me.”
Dean orders two cones identical to the one he’d given Castiel and returns to the table with a confident swagger to his stride, grinning in the face of Sam’s surprise when Dean holds one out toward his brother.
Dean’s scrubbing at his hair in the shower when he realizes the kind man he’d met for the first time today, has to be none other than
Hunger isn't a new sensation for him. No, it's been so long since he’d been blessed with the sensation of a full stomach.
It should alarm Castiel, how quickly the empty days have become tedious. How passively experiencing the flow of time is getting
At least his jacket is tough and thick enough to ward against clawing fingers.
Dean is simultaneously shocked speechless and in love — and makes his way to the counter near the door, barely paying any attention to all the other people milling about searching for their own purchases or simply browsing. He drops a few bills into the indigo bowl under a
“You wanna talk about what just happened?”
It pains Castiel to be anywhere that’s not
Sam frowns. “Let— What?”
Dean had thought Castiel was…
Castiel gives up on drugs. They remind him of slightly better times, when he lost himself in order to find Dean; because Dean will —
Dean carefully pushes the door open, entering the building to the sound of a windchime jingling cheerfully.
The idiot hadn’t even given Dean a real reason why he couldn’t go and get everything himself, dammit. But Dean had been getting a little restless after being inside all day anyway, so maybe it isn’t so bad.
His legs are tangled in a tight cocoon by the blanket but he folds them up and hugs them close anyway, resting his chin on his knees.
The space spreads out in front of his eyes, impossibly large for how quaint the outside had appeared. Shelves upon shelves of herbs and spices, amulets and spelled trinkets, stretch into the depths of the building, far enough that Dean can’t make out the back wall. Where does it all end? Above his head, the ceiling curves up high, a tall
fur blinks a pair of glittering cornflower blue eyes, nearly glowing with how bright and saturated the colour is.
Anger builds in Castiel, easy as a wave swelling in the ocean and just as destructive.
Shoving the pan off the heat and turning off the element at the same time, Dean drops the spatula to march toward the front door.
Dean thinks. He doesn’t know who he’s referring to, himself or Castiel.
And Castiel’s heart stutters over a panicked beat because Dean’s lying there, unmoving. He stumbles over and falls to his knees next to Dean’s prone form, his heart a frightened bird beating at the bars of its cage.
even if it has become weaker and frustratingly close to mortal
for being too weak and too late to save Dean, for falling apart so easily, for being useless, for always
He wonders if this is what drowning feels like.
For only Dean, it seems.
The voice that visits him is not the one he’s been waiting for.
isn’t used to it. Castiel tries to speak often — he’s still going through the process of recalibrating his habit of not speaking at all — and Dean wants to greedily hoard each and every single one of Castiel’s words for himself. Every time Castiel laughs, Dean wants. He wants to hold Castiel, wants to run his fingers through that unruly dark hair, wants to be the reason Castiel smiles— Dean wants and wants and
like a red hot blade being twisted in his heart, trapped between the bars of his ribcage
Castiel blinks blearily at the three bottles swimming in front of his eyes. Squinting, he reaches out again.
“Yeah! Sounds awesome,” Dean says, and Castiel brightens. “But, uh— My brother and his fiancée are gonna tag along, s’that okay?”
That is new, and Castiel doesn't like it at all.
inch by inch, pushes his hips forward until he’s surrounded by Dean.
“My fa—” Castiel abruptly stops, pressing his teeth together hard enough for a muscle to visibly jump in his jaw.
Captivated by the sight of a usually calm and unruffled Castiel tearing at the seams, Dean can’t look away, even as he hums a little louder, pressing his fingertips into Castiel’s thigh —
“Cas,
Castiel chuckles and Sam grins, ridiculously pleased to have someone on his side for teasing Dean. Now more than ever, Dean appreciates the way Jessica laughs and declares she’s not getting involved.
Castiel smiles; Dean can feel it against his neck. “I was originally intending to hand it to you today and ask you to give it to them along with my regards.”
Then his wandering gaze catches movement. Sam freezes. He’s only distantly aware of his wide eyes and open mouth as he watches the end of a black tail disappear around a corner into the living room. And not just any tail; it’s thin in a distinctly feline shape, but far too large to belong to any sort of pet cat.
You’re drinking again, aren’t you, Dean?
Dean longs to kiss their combined taste off Castiel’s lips. Instead, he digs his nails into his palm. The ache of his bruised body doesn’t seem to matter so much anymore as he watches Castiel leave the bathroom.
"Like what you see?" Castiel tugs idly at the lapel of his fitted suit, smirking when Dean only nods, his jaw slack and eyes wide. Encouraged by the reaction, Castiel slowly turns around, tilting his hips
Castiel smiles. When he moves to leave, Dean snags his sleeve, looking up at him with pleading eyes until Castiel nods and perches on the edge of the bed.
pushing Castiel over the edge as well.
Uncertainty seems a little brighter than before.
“Are you suggesting we live together, Dean?” Castiel sounds surprised, and Dean’s far too sleepy to even begin understanding why.
[23.09.20]
For a long, unknown stretch of time, Castiel drinks. He drinks everything he could get his shaking hands on, all the different kinds of alcohol Dean had carefully accumulated and stockpiled.
The growl that rings out in the dumbfounded silence shakes Dean down to his bones, igniting a primal fear that sends adrenaline flooding through his body.
[05.09.20]
The shape burning hellfire near the bend of his elbow whispers poison he can’t refuse, tells him
leave and forget to buy some rosemary for himself. (He definitely does.)
this time. Did he forget again? Maybe he should start locking the door first, instead of cleaning.
haha I only had 4.5 hours of sleep this morning and my clown brain immediately decided I needed to write
He knows better than to judge — Dean himself lives above his own shop, after all — but the building is just so
For a moment, Castiel could almost see it: the Winchesters at another dreary motel, questionable fashion choice of a pattern on the walls. Dean would be lying on his back, staring up at the blank ceiling, fond chuckle spilling rich and warm from between his lips. Sam would be on his side clutching a pillow, facing Dean with his back to the single window. Their combined handful of duffles would be strewn all over the floor but deliberately within arm’s reach of either bed, handguns tucked under their pillows for easy access.
John scoffs, dismissive. When John strides forward with purpose, Dean’s legs instinctively carry him backward to clear the path; he’s just about stumbling with how quickly his body obeys.
His fingers flex, nails clawing at the scratched metal underneath him. But he stays where he is, staring up at the lid of his coffin.
Dean.
“Sam?” Dean sighs, running a hand through his hair. “Yeah… He should know ‘bout this.”
Dean mercilessly curb stomps the spark of his irritation into oblivion, pasting a polite smile on his face before turning around.
The room is empty, sofas devoid of anything beyond their own cushions and a few plush fleece blankets. Dean is giving the space one more half hearted glance, already turning in preparation to search the rest of the house, when he spots a socked foot sticking out from behind the largest sofa.
“It’ll be a bit difficult, but not impossible.” John crosses his legs at the ankle. “You really needn’t worry about a thing.”
He can see the lines of imperfections on the lid above him, see himself lying in a boxed up space just big enough for him to push his elbows out just a bit before he reaches cold hard steel. The soundless hum of powerful warding vibrates under his skin, an incessant itch he can’t scratch.
Castiel sighs. He’ll have to apologize to Dean next time, then. Whenever that happens to be.
“If you want,” Castiel rumbles as he steps out of his slacks, the lock on Dean’s door flipping home without any preamble.
Castiel wonders.
[16.09.20]
Castiel also doesn’t say,
“Dean…” Castiel sounds breathless, and Dean’s own breath catches in his chest. “Can I kiss you?”
Castiel leaves the bag on the kitchen counter and sets the blueberries in the fridge, filling one of his suit jacket pockets — he’d automatically shed his coat and shoes just inside the front door — with a package of unsalted crackers and the entire bottle of Tylenol. Dean’s already taken three if the ones Castiel left him are gone; he has to be careful with giving Dean any more. Collecting three of the drinks he’d bought, two blue and one orange, Castiel makes his way upstairs.
Castiel stops in front of the massive hole dug in the ground, rich black displaced soil a small mountain off to one side. Castiel takes a deep breath and resolutely doesn’t think about how it will be his last.
Every moment feels like an eternity, stretching far and wide and endless in front of him.
Dean could only watch with his mouth open as Castiel's tongue pokes out to chase after a little bit of chocolate that had escaped from between his lips, lapping carefully at the corner of his mouth until the chocolate is all gone and his lips are slick in the light of their moderate campfire. Distantly, a part of Dean's mind wonders how Castiel would react if he leaned over and pressed their mouths together like puzzle pieces; would he surprised, breath hitching with the tiniest gasp that would leave his lips parting under Dean's, or would he simply push closer, soft pink tongue darting out to swipe curiously over Dean's mouth—
Neither of them say a word when Sam returns to the motel room with burgers, ten minutes later.
Castiel drags himself out of the carnage in the building with a heart heavier than his limbs, tired and bloody and broken. Weaponless and limping terribly, he stubbornly refuses to stop and catch his breath, because if he does he’ll never get back up again.
The shot echoes in Castiel’s ears as he flinches, fingers reflexively tightening around the gun to avoid dropping a loaded weapon. All he can see is Risa, dead on the floor, because of a bullet
He drags his hand across the bottom, face turned away to avoid being slapped by vibrant green leaves. Sam searches with increasing frustration, until his fingers brush the solid cold edge of something metal.
TFW at the beach because this is the only ending I want from Supernatural thank you for coming to my TED talk
Dean takes the few steps back to Castiel. Gingerly, he accepts the offering.
Castiel smiles the same small smile.
So he drinks.
Hearing involuntary groans of pain followed by small punched out whimpers.
“I got it,” Dean says, gruff. He doesn’t leave until after he’s draped a blanket over Castiel’s shoulders, spending an extra unnecessary second smoothing down the fabric.
Dean doesn’t deign to give him a response. Then again, Castiel hadn’t exactly been waiting for one.
Time passes. Dean doesn't know how long they end up staying there, only knows his butt is starting to hurt from sitting on the floor. Castiel’s significantly calmer, sniffling quietly as he unconsciously slows his breathing to match Dean’s measured inhales and exhales.
A gentle hand stroking down his back startles Dean awake; he raises his head, blinking blearily at the figure crouched next to him.
Castiel squeezes his eyes shut. His hands curl into fists on his thighs.
Hello, Dean.
He frowns in wordless confusion, nudging the gun away to pointedly hold out his hand again. The gun is shoved back into his hand.
give a strangled cough before ducking away from the table to hack up a lung. (Not literally, of course. Sam’s perfectly fine, only with a good chunk of lettuce in his windpipe.)
predators just casually yawning, displaying long
[10.08.20]
If only he was stronger.
“Yeah, you heard me—” Dean’s still clutching at Castiel’s coat; he pulls, insignificant, but Castiel lets himself fall all the same.
— would appear to berate him.
Between bites of his lunch in the late afternoon, Dean stares down at the empty page of his notepad, brows creased in thought as he twirls his pen.
“Whoa—” Sam coughs, clearing his throat. “Guys, I’m still here.”
No matter how hard Dean struggles to drag air into his lungs, nothing happens. Everything’s spinning. Darkness creeps at the edges of his vision, a clingy ghost waiting for the perfect opportunity to drag him under.
"What—”
Castiel only smiles, ridiculously satisfied, and kisses Dean’s palm.
— and watches as those blue eyes widen slightly.
“Y’know, you do have to shift back sometime— ‘n help me with dinner.”
Dean presses the spatula down, smiling slightly at the wonderful sizzle of the meat. He’s going to feed Castiel until the dork complains about his stomach being fit to burst. After all, you need calories to help your body repair itself, right? Castiel must be running low after healing such a large point of damage to his body.
But Dean knows he can’t hide, knows his actions are screaming far louder than any words he could utter. He can’t help himself.
He’d gotten himself excused from work by citing a sudden onset of feeling unwell, sealing the deal by insisting he’ll finish the day’s work at home in bed. Charlie, a coworker and close friend, had gone a step further than anyone would ever expect, and convinced their boss to let Castiel get a free week’s worth of paid leave instead of using up his sick days. He really couldn’t thank her enough.
The once tedious motion of dragging his eyes across the page to read the neatly printed words gradually becomes less of a chore and Castiel starts turning pages in earnest, reading with increasing enthusiasm and interest as time passes. He genuinely forgets about Dean by the time he’s a few dozen pages into the book, too absorbed to notice anything about his surroundings. Castiel reads about the lives of well known artists from the past, hungrily devouring the images of their art.
you thought a fic of mine wouldn't have sleepy cuddles? fool
“Dean,” Castiel whispers, his blue eyes suspiciously damp as he brushes their lips together in another tender kiss. “Please don’t cry.” He kisses Dean’s cheek, right over the wet trail his tear had traced down his face, all sappy and chick flick-y and—
double locking the front door and pulling the blinds shut over the large glass windows. Sighing, he runs a hand through his hair, the other tugging at the loose knot of his apron.
from fine he has no choice but to let Castiel help.
Ridiculously unruffled, Castiel holds still while Dean shakes, swallowing everything Dean gives him. He licks Dean clean and tucks him neatly back into his pants, brushing the backs of his knuckles almost possessively over the soft bulge as he buckles Dean’s belt. Then Castiel smiles, small and pleased, and if Dean didn’t just have his brain turned into mush, he would’ve kissed those lips to see if that smile would grow.
“Dean…”
He would later brush it aside as a figment of his drunken imagination, but in that moment, Castiel swears the temperature around him dips gently — maybe half a degree or so, just barely noticeable — to the faint sound of an airy huff.
His voice fades a little, going slightly more distant and muffled — “
The first slide is
“‘Course.”
The kiss is soft and sweet. It’s the hesitant start of something greater, a gentle greeting. No, more than that; it’s a revelation —
Dean suddenly realizes — before there’s a literal wall of gleaming black scales in front of him.
Dean flips the sign on the inside of the front door to
Dean wiggles back slightly to make room for Castiel, who gets himself situated between Dean and the bedside cabinet of supplies, fully intent on fetching everything so Dean wouldn’t have to stretch for them. The instant Castiel stops moving, Dean breathes a cut off whine and rolls right up against him, throwing an arm across Castiel’s lap under the comforter. All the tension bleeds out of Dean on his next exhale — even his brow relaxes, as if not having Castiel in close proximity was the only thing keeping Dean from using his body’s entire capacity of resources towards resting and recuperating.
Castiel doesn’t have much time. He hustles into the walk-in closet to put on his suit, tie dangling loose around his neck as he fumbles with his cuff buttons. The suit jacket is shrugged on as Castiel descends the stairs once more, his tie forgotten as he grabs a handful of chocolate chip granola bars from the snack cupboard and dumps two Tylenol capsules into a small bowl. Three more water bottles are bundled into his arms, then Castiel makes his way back upstairs.
The bottles are placed in an empty milk carton crate Castiel finds; he brings it with him to the armory — where he grabs a black handgun and a box of ammunition to fill the magazine — and then to the largest building.
Rises.
Arching his back, Castiel shivers. “Good,” he purrs, leaning forward to press a wet kiss to the underside of Dean’s jaw.
Castiel demands, sharp.
“...Sammy?”
He takes a deep breath. It’s okay. Whatever happens, he’ll trust his dragon to catch him when he falls.
The third time, it’s in the heat of the moment, stubbornness redirected.
“I, uh— Thought…”
— into Dean’s mouth. Little whimpers catch in the back of Dean’s throat, soft and pained, but he kisses Castiel with identical levels of desperation, of longing.
Dean’s back instinctively straightens. He knows that voice. But that’s impossible, it couldn’t be here.
Running footsteps echo from behind Dean, and Castiel skids to a stop between him and Gordon.
“There’s nothing to forgive. Your family name couldn’t matter less to me.”
the smarter part of Dean’s mind whispers,
How fascinating. Dean might have been a little turned away from witches because of his personal experiences, but this one…
Maybe Castiel should call off work for the day and stay home to watch over Dean. He’d be too distracted to work well, anyway.
Castiel shakes his head — a sharp, jerky movement — and says, “Can Dean stay?”
— a dangerous warning rumbles in Castiel’s throat —
Dean smiles. Castiel can't see it, but the warmth of Dean's pleasure seeps into his voice when he purrs, "Good. You ready?"
He takes one more breath, pulls the trigger.
Castiel hums, quiet and satisfied, lowering the towel to peer up at Dean with eyes blue as the summer skies, when there’s not a single cloud in sight and the sun burns extra hot.
Sliding his hands up to cup Dean’s face, Castiel presses his lips to Dean’s once more for a quick moment. When he pulls back to rest his forehead against Dean’s, noses touching, they’re both smiling and bubbling with giddy giggles.
fun fact: I was going to name this fic "serendipity" but I liked wordplay a little too much LOL
[01.09.20]
Green eyes glazed with agony, Dean attempts a smile. It looks like a grimace. “Cas.”
He wants to cry, and hold Dean, tell him just how much he deserves to be loved and appreciated. He wants to kiss every inch of Dean, worship every part of him, press love into his skin until he’s bursting with it. He wants to wake up every morning with Dean in his bed, laugh with him over silly things as they share meals, give him the whole world just to see him smile. He wants and he wants and he wants, but Dean is the glowing sun and he is a mere sunflower, destined only to chase after those golden rays.
Castiel slowly climbs familiar metal steps.
Demon Priest Cas! And sinning...
Swallowing, Dean nods. “Go for it. Good molecules, yeah?”
Of course Dean knew he wasn’t going to survive the mission. Of course Dean knew that Castiel would fight tooth and nail to survive, no matter how impossible it was.
“Dean,” Castiel says, and his voice isn’t quite as steady as he’d intended it to be. He spreads a hand around Dean’s side, forearm resting just above the soft sharpness of Dean’s hips, holding him right where Castiel wants him to be.
Fortunately for him, he can still get drunk enough to not know what's real and what isn't.
“Cas, stop—” Dean turns his head to make eye contact with John’s bodyguard, jerking his chin toward the door. “Go! Get outta here.”
The first time Castiel tries ice cream, he isn’t as surprised as Dean had hoped.
Dean’s asleep sprawled on his back, his face turned away from the sunlight brightening the hallway. Castiel’s almost relieved by how peaceful Dean appears to be, until he moves closer and notices how the comforter is tangled around Dean’s legs, a fine sheen of sweat glistening on his forehead. Even asleep, his brow is pinched with discomfort, the fingers of one hand curling around the edge of the comforter.
That day, Dean doesn’t pray. It’s a first.
“You ‘n me, we’re jus’ better together. I ain’t gonna let my old man have his way anymore.”
[16.09.20]
Castiel doesn’t say.
Doubling over, Dean calls his magic; it manifests as gold-green flames curling affectionately along his fingers and up his forearms, but Dean’s concentration slips with his panic and they extinguish as fast as they’d appeared. Gordon laughs as he and his goons saunter closer, sneering down at Dean when he falls to his knees, dizzy from the lack of oxygen.
God, he’s already ruined for other coffees, and he hasn’t even met the person brewing it.
Without a word, Castiel leans over Dean, resting a hand against the side of his face. Dean exhales something just shy of a sigh and nuzzles into Castiel’s touch, his five o’clock shadow tickling Castiel’s palm.
