They were spared from further conversation when a rustling sound came from above, and long brown hair spilled from a sudden gap in the ceiling tiles.  "Finally," Jessica said, rubbing some of the dirt off her face as she peered down at them.  "I was afraid I wouldn't be able to find you guys."
Tony’s back is to him, facing the back wall of the stadium. There are hundreds of baseballs littering the ground, a thinning pile next to him. Steve watches as he picks up ball after ball, winding up and throwing a pitch at a small square outlined in duct tape on the wall.
An unsure laugh rises up from the players at their bickering, the men trading hard-to-read glances with each other.
Tony grabs a little bit of leftover pomade clinging to the lid of his jar and walks over to Steve. He holds his hands up in the air expectantly, motioning for Steve to lower his head. Steve narrows his eyes suspiciously. “Unlike you, I don’t want to look like I
Peggy paces back and forth in front of the line-up of her players, checking the itinerary on her clipboard as she looks over the men. "Jones, fix your tie. If you can't do it yourself have Dernier fix it for you for
in any way shape or form makes an uneasy laugh bubble forth. They’re normally on such opposite ends of the spectrum, diametrically opposed since even before they had met face to face.
Tony wakes abruptly the next morning, the sky outside only just beginning to lighten as dawn creeps over the horizon. The community below is starting to shuffle home, ready to sleep off their bad decisions, or possibly keep making them depending on the company. His neck is sore, and he has to reorient himself when he realizes he slept upside down and on top of his blankets for some reason.
By the end of the vows, everyone in the room is a little misty-eyed. Even Steve, who doesn’t consider himself the most empathetic person in the world is having difficulty holding back his tears with the boys all sniffling behind him. Natasha may be the only one not even close to shedding a tear, poking fun at the fact that Bucky hasn’t been able to stop the quiet and steady flow of tears since the moment he saw her.
Steve washes the same part of his back for the next five minutes, rubbing his neck underneath the hot water to soothe his aching muscles. Within the next ten minutes, the last of the players depart from the showers, giving cursory farewells to Steve and Tony on their way out. Steve doesn’t move from his stall, listening for silence in the other room. The showers are offset from the main locker room by a short hallway as the only separation. He’s able to hear the echoing sounds of conversation as the last of their teammates exit, hearing the loud exit door of the stadium open and clang shut. Then, there’s silence aside from the rushing water.
Early on, Tony and Bucky didn’t exactly get along. After a few years of both of them realizing they’re two of the most important people in Steve’s life, they started to shelf their differences in favor of embracing their almost uncanny similarities. He looks back over at the pair who are now engrossed in conversation with the other groomsmen, wondering if the two of them kept that little secret to themselves on purpose.
“Oh, you know Steve, always showing up late,” Tony answers flippantly, distracted as he looks out onto the field to where Irons players are warming up and conversing in small pockets. He spots some familiar faces, but there are plenty of new ones as well. He can see the new coach, Killian, standing off to the side talking to the umpire. He looks like a smarmy prick, so he’s probably a great replacement for the helm of the Irons.
Steve manages to get him into his apartment without too much trouble, Tony swaying and stumbling his way over to Steve’s couch to collapse onto it face first.
"Okay, it looks like they're all set out there," Peggy says, some of the tension leaving her shoulders right before she walks out onto the small stage set up for their statement.
“...Oh,” Tony says, hardly above a whisper. Something about the tightness in Steve’s voice feels so final, so resolute. He doesn’t want to talk about it. Don’t ask don’t tell, Tony supposes. Chest feeling heavy, he rolls back over himself, facing the wall yet again. He lets a few more minutes pass. “Steve?” He asks again.
It’s another hosting area of sorts, the room twice the size of the parlor downstairs that had been plenty big in itself. Couches and high-backed chairs of brown leather were placed around the room, a small bar in one corner, two billiards tables, and even a dart board in the room for recreational purposes. The lights are dim, Howard sliding a few switches on the wall by the door to bring them up.
“You okay with seafood, Steve?” Howard asks, filling his glass with the brandy. “I believe lobster’s on the menu tonight.”
A time out gets called and medics quickly rush out onto the field. “Buck, Buck, don’t move,” Steve frantically hovers over him, unsure of what to do. He’s gently urged aside by the athletic trainers as they examine Bucky’s arm. Blood is rushing loudly in his eardrums. He can hear Bucky’s voice in an echo, telling them it hurts to move it and no, he can’t bend it that way.
The room isn’t designed just to be a reliquary for others’ accomplishments. There are display cases around the room as well, Stark-designed bats, gloves, helmets, and other gear that had been birthed from the man standing behind him. It’s a chantry for baseball, a sanctuary so carefully laid out that Steve is at a loss for words.
“Needs a little oil?” Steve asks bitterly, meeting his best friend’s gaze. There’s guilt written across it in prose.
Tony points out Edward Hopper’s house, an unassuming little cottage nestled in the brush, nothing more than an obscured historical landmark that the occasional tourist parks on the side of the winding road for, scaling the hills to see for themselves and possibly grab a snapshot of. He echoes his mother’s knowledge of the famous painter who built the home himself and came out to the cape year after year, spending forty of his eighty-four Summers out in Truro to paint the sun-hazed rolling landscapes. Tony wishes he could be as descriptive and well-knowledged as her as he recounts the picturesque depiction of the bluffs, the sand dunes, the cliff faces and lighthouses, many of which once hung in the Stark mansion but now find homes in museums around the world. Maria always preferred having Hopper’s paintings in Malibu rather than their actual Truro beachfront, as a subtle reminder to return to the place where tedious life blurs into a natural reverie.
“Oh,” Tony blinks, unsure of why he’s so surprised. Obadiah is still a relatively new coach, having taken the role the same year Tony started playing in 1985. The Irons have been a successful team because of him, but they usually don’t just choose the All-Star coach based on a single coach’s performance. Obadiah’s methods are known for being harsh, his strategy underhanded at best. Not the exact character type the MiLB is usually looking to promote as a leading force to one of their leagues, but to Tony he was just an old family friend whose bark was worse than his bite. “Well, congratulations, I bet Howard’s pretty happy about it.”
he thinks fondly. “Then play for a team in New York,” Steve proposes the obvious solution. “You have your options. You could play for the Stars.”
Steve leaves his side only briefly during his stay, and only when the max visitor rule applies, stepping out of the room so Tony’s other friends have time to visit with him. After a week of him cramming his frame into the uncomfortable armchair night after night, Tony finally convinces him that he’s not going anywhere and that Steve needs a good night’s rest too.
The biggest obstacle is navigating their relationship. Tony established early on that he and Steve should try to be friends, a step they somewhat skipped over in the initial whirlwind of their relationship. They had been
Maria’s smile reminds his of Tony’s— the real one, not the fake smirk he puts on for the cameras. “Thank you, Steve. That’s all I can hope for. I care about him more than anything I’ve created. I always thought I was doing it for me, or for Howard, but as soon as he was born…” she sighs wetly. “My little Anthony. It’s always all been for him.” She looks down at the book in her lap. Steve can see a picture of Tony, he’s upside down and can't be more than twelve, standing next to a large MIT sign, a duffel bag slung over one shoulder. Looks like move-in day, and judging by Tony's wide smile, Maria must've been behind the camera.
Steve turns to his best friend and smiles. “You ready?” They had seen each other’s lowest lows and highest highs, and it feels right that Steve gets to stand next to his brother who’s never been happier than he is now, and see him marry someone he loves.
” He bows forward slightly, catching himself against the wall as Tony’s other hand snakes back between his cheeks and a finger prods at his entrance.
He isn’t quite sure how much time has passed when Tony begins to stir, Steve jumping and defensively closing the sketchbook when he sees the pair of bleary, brown eyes blink open. He quickly shoves it into a nearby bookshelf and grabs a random tome to replace it, pretending to read the pages as Tony slowly sits up, stretching his arms and cracking his back.
The man in the bed looks between Steve and Tony in surprise, not saying a word. Steve turns to look at Tony who's glaring at the ground in defeat, his jaw tight.
Now that it’s just the two of them, Natasha allows herself to slump down into her chair. He’s never seen her look quite this exhausted, even when she had to cut three players in ’88 due to non-recoverable injuries. Her office is currently a mess, which is out of character for the woman. Normally every piece of paperwork is neatly stacked and filed, but the room is a disaster of open folders and sticky notes.
“I missed you so fucking much,” Tony breaths into his mouth. He slides down Steve’s body, mouth trailing over the planes of muscle along his chest. He braces a hand against his abdomen, feeling the muscles twitch and tighten there as his teeth catch over one of Steve’s nipples. He feels the man’s hand clutch the back of his head, fisting Tony's hair as he lets his tongue lave over the sensitive bud. “How much time do we have?” He asks before switching sides to give the other nipple equal attention.
"No catch," Steve shrugs. "I just... I'm here if you want to talk. I like to think we were almost becoming friends before everything happened."
Something in her expression changes, brow furrowing in frustration. “Now that everything is mostly sorted… Tony, do you remember anything from the attack? We can have a police officer come in to take your statement. They did the best they could with eyewitness accounts while you were unconscious, but didn’t come up with anything right away. If you have anything,
There are some shouts from the viewers in the stands, and even the other team’s coach angrily storms over, throwing his hands in the air. Natasha completely ignores him, still locked in what appears to be a heated discussion with one of the refs. Finally, she walks away from him, mouth pressed in a tight line as she motions to the dugout. Strange is suddenly jogging out to the field, with Janet of all people tailing behind him.
Steve’s hand starts to draw before he even realizes what he’s doing, marking down the contours of his face and the vague outline of his shapeless form beneath the blanket. He thought Tony might look more peaceful in his sleep, but if anything, his mind seems just as active as when he’s awake. He keeps seeing little ticks on Tony’s face, his lips parting and closing occasionally like some part of his addled brain is still trying to form a clever remark, eyebrows twitching expressively, his long, dark lashes fluttering as if his ever-searching eyes are still trying to find something interesting to piece together or pick apart on the inside of his eyelids.
Tony nods and lets Steve take his hand and walk him into the bedroom. He drops all of his clothes onto a chair, shivering slightly as he crawls under the blankets. He curls onto his side, feeling the bed dip behind him as Steve sidles up against his back, wrapping an assuring arm around his waist. He feels Steve’s warm hand lay flat over his stomach, rubbing slow circles there.
She hums in interest and they leave it at that. The snow is starting to come down heavier than before, Steve getting the address for Clint’s homestead from Natasha before catching a cab back to his own apartment. There’s supposed to be a pretty hefty snowfall on the way, so he hopes Natasha gets out of the city safely tonight.
He thinks Ty is going to try and deny it at first, convince Tony otherwise. His demeanor shifts suddenly, giving a careless shrug. “Good thing you never really cared about playing for us, huh?”
At this rate, the Pacifics may just get a walk. The satisfaction of moving forward to second base will be lukewarm if it’s just because the pitcher
“But it’s Christmas Eve,” Steve declares. “You can’t spend it drunk and alone in your apartment, Tony.”
“You’ll try out too once you’re fifteen,” Bucky assures, throwing an arm around Steve’s bony shoulders.
Steve can see where he’s coming from. It’s not exactly like he loves the fact that the lady who lives above him tap dances as a hobby, or that the couple of guys across the hall are amateur DJs who throw parties every weekend, but that’s half the fun of living in a place like Manhattan. Everything had character. Steve can’t imagine going home to the same generic space that he isn’t able to make his own every day. “Maybe you just feel that way because as long as you don’t let yourself get comfortable here, you’ll have less reason to stay.”
. It’s still anyone’s game, tied up going into the bottom of the seventh. The game has been such a high scoring match so far that he doesn’t find it unreasonable they get two, possibly three runs this go, putting them in a fair lead for the last two innings. But again, this game has been anything but predictable, even for Tony’s deductive capabilities. He takes a few more seconds to gather himself, splashing his face with cold water before pushing his hair back from his face and sealing it away beneath his cap, striding back to the field with an ever-growing determination coursing through his veins.
“Okay then,” Tony eventually pants out, leaning back into Steve’s chest. “You’re a pretty fast learner. That was… Wow. Good. Really good.”
Purposefully, he edges his way back closer to Steve, watching the pitcher’s suspicious gaze turn forward again.
“The doctors are examining him now to determine the full extent of his injuries. We’re not sure what the cause is yet, but it appears to be some kind of assault. He has suffered some head trauma as well as multiple contusions, broken bones possible internal...”
He flips through more photos and inserts that are in the folder, more magazines covering the story, further blowing up cropped images of Steve’s face to try and piece together the identity of the mystery man that’s stolen the heart of Tony Stark. Newspaper headlines and clippings, and even a stack of what appears to be the original, raw photos taken.
Tony rolls his eyes and Steve has to clench his fist at the side so he can fight the primal reaction to punch him. If he has to see Tony roll those goddamn eyes one more time when he’s just trying to be nice, he’s not so sure he’ll be able to hold back that violent instinct he
“Obie. Investors. The board. The press. Fans,” Tony clarifies before swallowing thickly. “And Howard.”
“That’s how he likes it,” Steve chuckles, smiling fondly thinking of his best friend. “He’s good. He’s happy for me. For himself too.”
"Have a seat, please," Maria says, sitting down on a leather ottoman. Steve takes a seat on the couch across from her while Tony strolls around the room. "Are you originally from New York, Steve?”
“Tony,” Rogers began, but otherwise didn’t make any move to follow him, if the absence of footsteps was saying anything.  Well, good.  Tony didn’t need him.  He didn’t need anyone.  If this thing—this piece of magic—was for real, if it did what he
"Right, but we're not scientists who think no more government to interfere with our experiments is a good thing!"
Steve sucked in a breath.  He didn't like this.  He didn't like being wary of people who were probably just trying to survive, the same as them.  But Tony clearly felt strongly about this, and… Steve trusted him.  "Okay," he said at last.  "Let's go, then."
So they crouched there in silence, Jessica turning every now and then to look at the bodies on the asphalt as Steve tried not to think about his non-relationship with Stark.  Soon enough, the man in question returned, his hands covered in what looked like plant matter.  "Sound," Stark said as he got closer.  "And smell.  Biters are blind, so that's how they're drawn to humans."
Steve groaned, turning to bury his face in his pillow again.  Again with the "easy peasy" nonsense. For someone who claimed that he just rolled with it, Tony sure did have a lot of rules.
She seems to hesitate for a moment, as though she has an idea of just what Howard means when he says that, but eventually, she nods and leaves the room, shutting the door behind her.  When it’s just the two of them left, Howard turns toward Tony, jaw set, and Tony goes back to staring at the wall.  “Look at me,” he spits.
And now there was Steve.  Steve, whose sketchbooks were filled with real-life portraits and fantasy scenes alike, who made himself a target for bullies so that no one else would be targeted, who had the flattest feet Tony had ever seen and could barely walk fifty steps before starting to breathe heavily.  Steve, who doodled in Tony's notes as well, who apologized profusely in his voicelogs for leaving all the math and science homework for Tony to do, but who put together a really perceptive outline on the technologies The Party used in
Steve follows him inside, peering around as well.  “You sure?” he asks as he approaches the wall, gazing at the paintings hanging from it.  He was here just yesterday, but… he still can’t get over how grand everything is.
Cap shook his head again.  "This is all assuming that stealth is even an option," he said.  "Just take it off the table.  We can't do stealth.  So we need to do the opposite of stealth.  And what's that?"
the material before the teacher came to collect it from his row, which in turn prevented him from doing further investigation into the other strange goings-on.
Soon after, the entire row was dusted and translated.  Tony hadn't seen fit to bring the oracle bone glossary, but Pepper, bless her, had—and though there were some words they couldn't attach a meaning to, they were able to figure out most of them, and Tony thought that there could actually be a pattern.  "This is the only tile in the row that
As usual, he knew now wasn't the time to ask any of those questions.  He'd just make it clear to Jarvis that something was wrong. "Yes, sir," he said instead, obediently taking his plate back to the table and starting to eat, since even if he didn't know what it was he was sure it would be good based on the smell.  But then he took a bite, and everything, including the mysterious roast, was forgotten. "Oh, goodness. You made this?"
what that was), and what looked like some trophies and medals for track and field (though these seemed to be carelessly thrown onto a table and were not on display).  Steve didn't exactly know his cars very well - the thought of his family ever owning one was essentially a pipe dream - but it was clear that the cars of Tony's time had evolved a great deal in the last half-century.  And Tony himself seemed intent on evolving them further, since one of them looked partially dismantled, as though it were being worked on.
And so they walked.  Though Tony tried not to think about it, he had to admit that he almost wished they were turning around to go back home, because by now they’d been down here for well over a full day and Tony was kind of missing sunlight.  The fact that his chest and ribs were still throbbing didn’t help.  At some point, Rogers produced another pill of aspirin, which Tony downed gratefully, even if it wasn’t enough to get rid of the pain completely.  But he could live with that.
That was when he felt a gentle hand slide into his hair, carefully massaging his scalp.  Despite himself, Tony could feel his eyelids drooping, and he turned to glare at Cap before it was too late.  "What do you think you're doing?" he demanded, though the words lacked the bite he was hoping to put into them.
The entries that followed were far shorter.  Steve was still making income thanks to his delivery job, but it wouldn't be enough to stay in the apartment for much longer.  That explained why everything was being packed, Tony thought dully to himself as Steve made a weak attempt to talk up the boarding house he was moving into.
Steve glanced at Tony to make sure he was okay with all this.  Tony nodded, shrugging the shoulder with Maya's bag slung over it, and started to follow her, Steve quickly doing the same.
"Hansen…" Tony repeated thoughtfully.  "I've heard of you.  You've written a few papers on biology."
He was in denial, Tony thought at the same time he read those very words written down on the page - a page that now had drops of wetness spattered onto it.  When had that happened? Carefully, so as to not smudge the pencil, Tony dabbed away the water with his shirt, rubbing his eyes afterward.
move—even though Cap was moving, the fragment was still oriented the same way it was at the beginning, the broken edges pointing in the same direction as before.  Tony scrambled to his feet, staring at it.  "The
Tony stared at him blankly, and then his eyes squeezed shut, bloodied fists clenching.  "Sal," he said, voice cracking.  "
know his guns.  He knows the gun he’s holding right now.  But the pipe is metal, the chain is metal… even if he aims perfectly, which is hardly a given considering how much he’s shaking right now, there’s still a matter of the ricochet.  The bullet could go anywhere.  It could bounce off a wall, hit a pipe… or it could strike either one of them.  If it strikes Steve and kills him… well, then Tony will make good on his promise—both of them make it out, or neither of them do.  There is, after all, more than one bullet loaded.  And if it strikes and kills
"Santos-Dumont," Cap repeated.  He'd placed the tips of his fingers against his head.  "S.  That's the first letter of the passphrase you need to stop it from going off."
The maître d’ allows them into the dining room without complaint, and Tony takes the opportunity to drag Steve off to the side, looking around.  There’s Sunset, and his father is right beside her, still speaking with the Osbornes.  Good; they won’t notice him yet.  “Okay, here’s a crash course on who’s who,” he says, starting to surreptitiously point at people.  “There’s Charles Xavier; he’s brilliant, and I hear he’s a friend of Freud’s… next to him is Erik Lensherr, and over there are the Richards… I had a thing with Sue once, but that was a long time ago.  And the one waving at us now—” he stops to wave back—”is Janet van Dyne.  There’s her father, and there’s Hank… I was, ahem… of comfort to Janet when she was having marital problems once…”  He pauses to glance at Steve, who looks adorably scandalized, then continues, “Oh!  And there’s Pepper Potts.  Feisty both professionally and personally.  But she likes Happy more than me.”  He’s never quite gotten over that.  “Tiberius Stone is over there… my father caught me with him once, and let me tell you, that was
"Good," Steve grunted, because once it picked up speed anything on the track wouldn't be as much of a problem, no matter how loud they were.  He disentangled himself from the cluster of biters and started running alongside the train.  "There's no foothold!" he called.  "Think you can pull me up?"
Which suddenly became a lot harder when he ran up to the doorway that he knew would lead to the unblocked exit and found it caved in with rubble.
"Do you even hear yourself?" Tony asked.  "All this fucking time it was Stark, Stark, Stark.  And now all of a sudden I'm Tony again?"
She held up some pieces of paper, which was enough for Steve to get up, close the distance between them, and pin her to the wall.  She didn't resist.  "Who are you and what do you want?" he snapped.
Maya stuck another syringe into Steve's arm, and Steve hated that she could.  "You'll have to excuse Tem," she said conversationally.  "He gets overzealous.  He makes things sound a little more sinister than they really are."
"Well, 'just' Steve, if you're serious, we'd be idiots to turn you down."  Luke looked at Stark.  "And you're okay with this?"
Finally, though, it seems like Tony’s had enough—“Okay,” he gasps, and Steve notes with satisfaction that Tony’s not the
, Steve wanted to say—there were a lot of things Steve blamed Stark for, but this wasn't one of them.  His voice, though, refused to cooperate, and he made a choking sound instead, still feeling faint.
There is silence for a long moment before Jan steps up to stand beside Tony, looking down into the rippling ocean.  “One era ends.  And a new one begins.  We’re going to have to accept that now, right, Tony?” she asks.
becomes increasingly clear as Tony continues to strip him, pulling his shirt off and leaning down to suck at his neck, hands sliding down Steve’s body to undo the fly of his pants as well.  “Y-you’re sure not holding anything back, are you?” Steve manages when Tony pulls back, touching the spot he’d just been sucking at.  It feels sore, and Tony bats his hand away.  “Did you just give me a bruise?”
Another whine.  With a wary glance at the gauntlet, the sabretooth took a few steps forward, then placed its paw against Rogers’ shield.  Its body seemed to be shaking.
Tony is excited to share the news at first.  “Made some upgrades while you were away,” he says, and the undersheath flows out of his bones to envelop his body as the pieces of his armor attach themselves to him.  The best thing about this, he thinks, is how covering his words takes nothing more than a thought now, but this particular benefit to Extremis isn’t one he plans on sharing with anyone.
“No, this is perfect.  You’re right on time.  You know.  Right on time for being early.”  He looks Steve over from top to bottom.  He looks charming; really, he does, though it’s a shame that the leather jacket is the only thing of value he has, even if it looks divine on him.  “Though I’m afraid you’re never going to make it in like this.”
Rogers was still standing there, like he was steeling himself, limbs stretching and flexing.  Did he even have any jumping experience?  Tony was pretty sure he didn’t, since he’d been with him the whole time.  Well, that was just great.  Rogers was going to attempt a horizontal jump for the first time and it was going to happen over a bottomless pit.
He had never, not once, looked up Steve Rogers when he was back in his own time.  He'd considered it, of course - Steve was a part of his world, just from the past, and surely something of him existed in Tony's present.  Hell, Steve himself could have possibly still been alive - they were only separated by fifty-ish years, and Steve wasn't that old in 1940. And wouldn't it have been something, to track down the man who he'd shared something so intimately with, and finally meet him in person?  To find him, see the lines of his face, hear about everything that had happened in his life? To maybe give him that hug Tony felt he needed so badly?
"Right," Tony replied groggily.  He wanted to go back to sleep, but obviously that wasn't going to happen right now, if it was at all, so he pushed himself up onto his elbows.  "Consider that an area of improvement.  Why are you here?"
Tony blinked slowly, his gaze falling onto his wrist, seeing the thankfully unbroken skin.  "Yeah," he said.  "It… it just got my sleeve, that's all.  I was careless.  I'm sorry."
a thought he never thought he'd have?  There was movement below, and Tony realized Rhodey was still in there, hacking at the walls.  "Rhodey?" he yelled hoarsely.
“It’s way too easy to make you blush.  But it’s a good look for you.  How can I make you do it more often?”  Tony runs his hand down his chest, but before he can get very far, there’s the sound of a key being turned.  “Shit,” Tony whispers, grabbing Steve’s hand and dragging him toward another room.  “This way.”
“So generous of you.”  Tony heads toward the couch, then turns back, eyes locked on Steve’s as he shrugs out of the bathrobe, revealing tanned skin and firm muscle underneath before tossing the garment aside carelessly.  Steve licks his lips.  “So,” Tony continues, looking immensely pleased, “are you going to tell me how to pose, or are you just going to stare at me all day?”
But almost as soon as his eyes shut, he remembers—he remembers the last thing Steve said to him, remembers the final promise he made to the man he loved—
“But that was—it was what made you so extraordinary, I think.  You saw me, you knew all my strengths and all my flaws, you knew that sometimes I messed up and messed up bad, and still you thought I was a person worth knowing.  Sometimes you saw things in me that I didn’t even see myself, and to this day I still don’t know how you did that.  You made all our lives better just by being a part of it.  Sharon said—she said that it was an honor, being with you.  And she was right.  It was an honor.  And it kills me to know that no one will ever have that honor again.  But even though that’s the case, I can promise you that I’ll always remember what you did for the world and the Avengers.  What you did for
"So are we gonna just stand around, or go in?" Pepper asked finally.  "Because I want to go in.  Don't wait up."  Turning on her own flashlight, she headed down the stairs, the rest of them following after her.
Steve can still feel his cheeks burning, but he quirks his lips and raises an eyebrow at him.  “You’re awful.”
"We're not being chased anymore, you know," Tony pointed out once the sounds of the stadium had faded away, though he nonetheless wrapped his arms around him.  "I can hobble around on my own.  For God's sake, you were
Steve leapt away from the blast, which gave Tony time to scramble upward again, his free hand clutching at his injured arm.  Shit.  What was he supposed to do now?  He couldn’t kill Steve.  That was an awful idea.  But he could hardly let Steve kill him, because that was also an awful idea.
Once the beans were consumed, Tony turned to look at Steve, who was back to looking morose, staring into the pond—presumably at his reflection.  He sighed.  “Steve?” he tried.  But Steve just waved a paw at him, not looking away.  Maybe he just wanted some alone time, so Tony decided to leave him be and leaned back against a tree trunk, staring up into the sky.  It was still light enough to make out most things, though the moon had risen by now.
"Redemption," Tony said, voice quiet.  He let out another breath, continuing, "It occurred to me that if a modified Jericho could spread the infection, a modified Jericho could also spread the cure.  That's what I was working on.  Something we could build with our current equipment and materials that could distribute something in aerosol form.  Which is obviously a huge assumption, because who knows if this can even be beat, much less aerosolized…"  He trailed off, going silent for a moment before picking up again.  "I still think you're our best bet.  But maybe you're not actually immune.  There are just so many things we don't know."
Tony sat up at this, brain revving into gear.  “What do you mean, something outside?” he replied, automatically lowering his voice.  “You mean people?”  He really hoped Rogers didn’t mean people.  Because that would be bad.
.  “I got upgraded, Steve.  I’m faster.  Stronger.  We’re better-equipped than ever.”  When Steve doesn’t say anything, continuing to glare at him instead, Tony adds, “Please.  Your heart rate’s risen by twenty beats per minute since we’ve started this conversation.  Calm down.”
Rogers didn’t seem very impressed by this, waving one paw dismissively.  “Hey,” Tony protested.  “I’m a genius.  We’ll fix you and then you can tell me how it was and we’ll sit around a campfire and laugh about it later.  Anyway…”  He looked down at his chest.  “Maybe this will be easy.  If it grants wishes, maybe I can just wish it back, right?  Dear glowing gem embedded in my body, please turn Steve Rogers back into a human.”
It hurt, but Tony could still speak through gritted teeth.  "You know," he repeated.  "Because—agh—you've read
Tony wheezed heavily, trying to take inventory of all the injuries he’d just sustained.  Okay.  Okay.  So he’d been slashed a few times by a giant cat, and he was pretty sure some of his ribs were cracked, if not broken.  Great, really great.  But he was alive, which was an improvement over being dead, so he supposed it could have been a lot worse.  “I’ve been better,” he coughed out.  “You?”
"That's me," Maya agreed.  "I'm honored.  I didn't expect you to know of me.  I mean, you're Tony Stark."
“You’re so deprived, Steve.  This way.”  Tony leads them further into the room, then stops in front of a fire-red car, beaming at it.  “Well?  Aren’t you going to let me in?”
"Right," Tony said, a little hesitant.  He wondered where Steve had picked up the term from.  "Do you have a problem with that?"
He didn't have much of a choice, though.  Taking a deep breath, Steve ran back inside, dodging a few of the biters that were ahead of the pack and taking the stairs three at a time.  A few seconds later, he'd found the entrance to the press box, kicking the door down without preamble.
Tony just nodded, and the rest of the day went by in comparative silence, aside from a few brief moments of action when they had to deal with wandering biters.  When the sun set, they found shelter in an abandoned store, holing up for the night before setting out again in the morning.
"'Barely anything'?" Ty repeated.  "Rich, coming from the guy whose idea of breakfast is more coffee."  He looked down at Steve's tray. "Though it looks like you've branched out today, to say the least…"
The cause became clear soon enough as a man in uniform stepped into view, hands held behind his back.  A sergeant, if Tony was reading the insignia correctly. "At ease," he said, and the others relaxed a little.  "Rogers, Barnes - grab your gear and come with me. The two of you are shipping out to London."
Stunned silence followed.  And then, almost as one, all of them turned to look at him, the robot who had done nothing thus far but stand in the back and observe.
"You didn't know that going in," Natasha said, waving him off.  "My point is, there is no way for me to reasonably repay you.  But I'd like to try."  She pulled out one of her Makarovs and offered it to Steve.  "I noticed you had no gun."
That was the burden Steve had lived with in those years between their journey together and his last moments on the plane.  The knowledge of the future.
"Very funny," Steve grumbled, but he was content enough to follow along.  It was just friendly teasing as far as he could tell. If nothing else, Ty knew what they were supposed to be doing, while Steve was completely lost.  The dream felt real enough that Steve felt compelled to try and play the role, even if he was still confused about why he'd dreamed up this whole scenario in the first place.  It was a world unlike any he'd known before - the buildings were tall and stately, everything was pristine, and there was no pervasive aura of tiredness that seemed to blanket everyone in his waking life.  Which was great! But why did he have to dream of a rich person in
, he thought.  Nonetheless, he kept quiet on that front, shining his flashlight around as they headed down the tunnel, their breathing loud in the otherwise quiet space.  It was dark and cool and utterly ordinary in every way, the walls unblemished and the floor looking as though no one had used it for ages—or ever, really.
Cap stepped in at that point, helping her to push it aside—and sure enough, there was an outline of what seemed to be a door in the ground.  With a glance at Tony, Cap reached down for the handle, pulling it up with a loud creak that reverberated in the silence.  They gathered around the exposed entrance afterward, peering inside as Rhodey brought out his flashlight and shined it downward.  There was no sign of movement, only a dusty set of stairs that led to what seemed like a large room underground.
“Uh,” Tony says.  “This is… some ring.”  It looks like silver—or maybe it’s platinum.  Encased within it is a massive blue stone, bigger than anything he’s ever seen.  He flounders for a moment, trying to find something diplomatic to say that isn’t
Steve closed his eyes for a moment, trying to process his thoughts.  He was happy. Right? That was what he was feeling. Because if Tony had been - intimate - with someone, then that meant he had found happiness with that person.  And if that person just so happened to be Ty, well, what was the issue with that? It didn't matter who, just as long as there was someone. And that in turn made Steve happy, because all he'd ever wanted was happiness for his own friends…
"As if you need reminding," she chided.  "You just came home all grumpy and mumbling how it was never going to work out anyway."
, reads the envelope in what seems like an almost intimate, comforting script, and Tony finds himself almost afraid to find out just why the handwriting looks so familiar.
“Tony!” he cries out, heart leaping into his throat as he sees the other man leap off the boat, back onto the ship.  Dimly, he can hear Tony’s father shouting something, but he tunes it out; he tunes
Steve considered it.  This was the future. The future had many new things.  Was one of those new things, perhaps, a box that could create a roast for you?
The name sounded familiar, and Steve searched his memory, trying to place it.  "…He was the antagonist in the last published issue of
"Wait, be right back," Tony said, scarfing down the last of his donut before getting up and bounding over to the donut station to grab another.  He slid back into his seat afterward, taking a big bite out of his new one before answering. "Oh-of-n-log-n." God, this donut was good.
Tony blinked, his eyes following the pelt down to a limp-looking paw, then went back up to Steve.  “Oh,” he said.
Steve doesn’t know about that, but he’s happy to have Tony touching him this way, so he doesn’t respond—not with words, anyway.  He keeps one hand on Tony’s hip while the other one slides up along Tony’s back, feeling his muscles shift as the other man moves in him.
More blind scuffling.  The sabretooth was clearly enraged by now, which was bad news for Tony, who was bleeding and in clear reach of its claws, but he tried fending it off anyway, blasting at its paws whenever it got too close.  “Rogers—” he gasped again, wanting desperately to curl up into a bloody ball and pass out.  Still, something in him kept him conscious, kept him fighting—how could he not?  Rogers was trying so hard to help him; it’d do him no good to let him down now.
"Oh," Jessica said faintly, but she stepped back, holding up a hand.  "This is too kind.  But we can't."
"Isn't that what we're doing, though?" Steve pointed out.  "You're a scientist.  And this Reed friend that Jim went with is also a scientist.  Hell, Jim himself is a naturalist.  Similar people seek each other out.  That's not strange."
Tony was sitting on the couch, his shirt off and his heart exposed.  He had paper and a pencil out—visibility was likely terrible, though, given that they only had a few candles lit.  Seeing his heart like that always sent a jolt through Steve, reminding him of how vulnerable Tony was.  "What are you doing?" Steve asked as he sat down beside him.
A moment later, Tony was flung off, but this time, he had the shield, and so he held it up in front of him protectively with his bad arm, his other hand up to aim the repulsor.  God, he hoped this worked.  “Hey!” he called, trying to catch Steve’s attention.  “Steve.  Hey, Steve.  Look at me!”
“I can tell,” Steve replies with a grin, idly playing with a few strands of his hair.  Tony’s happy, and it’s because of him.  His heart swells a little at the thought.  Tony deserves to be happy—not just now, but all the time.  And Steve… Steve wants to believe that he can be the person to make him this way.  He wants to ask if maybe Tony feels the same, but he’s afraid of scaring him off.  He has to be careful.  He has to make sure Tony wants this, too.  “We can’t stay here forever, though.”
"Oh, Stevie," she said once she was done, wrapping the ice in a piece of cloth.  Afterward, she approached him and cupped his face, looking at him searchingly. Steve wasn't sure what she was trying to find, but apparently she was satisfied because she kissed his forehead, then put the cloth over his eye.  Steve had to assume it already looked visibly bruised. "Was it the Huggins boy again?"
"Oh, no," Ma murmured.  She immediately used her free hand to start feeling around Steve's head.  "Where else did he hurt you? Did you hit your head? Are you having memory problems?  I can make an appointment with the doctor. It's alright. I can pick up another job."
It wasn't long before a biter stumbled onto the street, and with a practiced motion, Tony took the handle of the shovel and jabbed the tip into the biter's head, sending it sprawling onto the ground, motionless.  Before Steve could ask what next, Tony had yanked off the biter's shirt with the shovel, tossing the fabric aside—and then he made a vertical slice down the biter's body, from neck to navel.
Some days are nicer than others during the month-long getaway in Truro. On the days they’re bombarded with blustering Fall winds, they stay inside, reading to each other, sketching, playing chess, watching movies. When the cloud cover dwindles and allows the sun to shine down on the cape, they go for walks along the bluffs, Steve bringing his camera to take pictures. While he snaps plenty of shots of just the landscapes, he insists Tony get in some of them as well. He ends up taking what have to be hundreds of photos of Tony alone, but he’s always loved the camera, so he can’t complain.
The next day’s practice gets rained out, but Steve had already planned on heading to the Stadium gym to work out his knee. Dr. Cho has been staying on top of him about his ACL, making sure he was still working it out regularly to build the strength back up while also taking the appropriate breaks from overuse.
Even with the abrupt change in coaching, the individual players on the Malibu team are regarded as some of the best in the entire MiLB with solid stats across the board. There’s a reason they’ve made it to the top of their league for almost every season they’ve been around, especially with Howard and Pepper’s management team constantly headhunting the best players, even going as far as to finding loopholes in contracts to buy them out from somewhere else. The team essentially has unlimited funds considering Stark Industries supplies equipment to both the Major Minor, and International leagues.
“Hm. Poker it is then,” Tony decides, not stopping to ask whether or not Steve knows how to play. Every thirty-something year old knows how to play Poker. They hop on an escalator to take them up to the second level of the casino. There are individual half-rooms pocketed around the outer ring of the floor with separating walls made out of oversized glass playing cards that glitter like diamonds in the light.
Steve hears the familiar voices before the owners of them come around the corner into the locker room. “Both Hodges and Carter don’t want you playing today, you know that right?” The team’s PT continues despite Bucky still walking away from him.
Sam and Clint trade looks before shrugging in unison. "I don't know what difference it would make," Sam comments. "It really just depends on his pitch, right?"
Before he can stop himself, his feet carry him forward to meet Steve halfway. He falls into the warm comfort of Steve’s embrace, his body solid and reaffirming. “I’m sorry,” he immediately mumbles into Steve’s chest, fingers curling against his back. “I’m sorry…”
Tony smiles sadly. “I know, but it’d still kill her slowly. She wants grandkids and Howard wants an heir… I feel worse about the grandkids part.”
“Did you have a good trip?” She greets him inside the stadium, stepping in front of him as he tries to pass her to get to the locker room.
Steve nods guiltily, knowing that he shouldn’t have gotten as up-in-arms as he did. “Am I playing at all tomorrow?” He tries to keep the disappointment out of his tone. The last thing he wants to do is get on her bad side.
Tony just smiles and shakes his head, unsure how he’s able to keep from running forward and grabbing Hammer by the neck. Maybe his impulse control is improving after all. “I don’t know, I’m a pretty good multitasker. I paid enough attention to not miss the fact that you only played a total of six games last season, all of them under four innings. Your on-base stats actually really impressed me; I didn’t know you could get numbers
," Natasha growls sarcastically. "You're thirty minutes late, and that means you stay an extra thirty minutes."
Tony’s mouth screws up slightly as he contemplates it for a moment. With a sigh he extracts himself from Steve’s grasp and walks over to the piano. He runs his fingers along the smooth surface of it before he sits down on the bench and lifts the key cover. Steve shifts to sit up so he can see Tony better. He absentmindedly runs his fingers over the keys for a few moments, reassociating himself with all eighty-eight of them. Something changes in his posture, a sort of diligence that only a strict piano instructor could’ve enforced on him time and time again from a young age. Elbows held at a careful angle, wrists relaxed, he extends one foot towards the pedals on the ground and takes a deep breath before he begins to play.
"Why are you watching that crap?" Bucky asks with a slight smile. "Thought that kind of talk takes you out of your zone."
“Parker. Peter Parker. Good kid, grew up in Queens,” Steve pauses. “He’s actually a huge fan of yours.”
“I’ll let you out when you two are done talking things out!” Natasha calls back, not at all sounding apologetic as her voice fades away, already retreating.
“It’s not like it would be legal,” Tony snorts with an eye roll, doing a remarkable job of not answering the question at all. “It’s rumored they’re taking a case to Massachusetts court though to try and legalize it, even if they just end up calling it something stupid like a
He has no appetite. Coulson and Maria arrive, Pierce is there too. He stands angrily in the corner of the room, a frown of disapproval on his face. He stays silent in the corner and Coulson hands over Tony’s pre-written statement.
"Don't you dare, Rogers," Bucky orders, no heat in his tone as he comes over to punch Steve in the shoulder with his good arm. "I already finished my session with Dr. Erksine. He told me you were still hanging ‘round. Dinner?"
Peggy presses her lips together. "I know you much better than Chester. That was my call," she admits softly. "And before you try to make me out to be a villain in this situation, can you honestly look me in the eye and tell me my assumption was wrong?"
Conversation continues, the servers coming out to refill water and wine glasses when necessary, and with this family, wine refills seemed very necessary. As Howard is delving into his up and coming ideas for new batting helmets, Steve notices Tony draining yet another wine glass out of the corner of his eye. Their hired hands are back within moments once everyone seems to be done with the appetizers, taking away salad plates and replenishing glasses as the main course comes out. Steve has hardly touched his own drink and Tony is already starting on glass number five.
He presses his face closer, burying his nose in the soft hair on the back of Tony’s head. “There was a fair amount of luck and chance involved for us to end up together.”
Tony keeps his eyes firmly on the rafters above them, a tendon on his neck seeming to pop out. "Would you accept a thousand-dollar bribe?"
A redundant banging on his front door echoes through the house before Tony hears it swing open, keys jingling in the lock. “Toooonyyyyy?” A voice calls up the stairs. He can hear footsteps bounding up them two at a time, so cavalier.
“Yep,” Tony doggy-ears the page before setting the book aside on and end table. “Are you ready to head back?”
Not an apparition as he initially thought, a flesh-and-blood Tony is standing next to him at the end of the line. He’s out of uniform, but still in his training kit that most players wear when they attend games but aren’t slated to get off the bench.
Steve has been dying to get a straight answer out of someone about this, and Howard might not know, but as owner of the team and father of their star player, surely he had some kind of insight. Howard’s expression didn’t change from mild sourness. “Why else other than to defy his father?” He rasped, rubbing at the crease between his eyebrows as if he could smooth his irritation away. “I had no damn clue Tony was trying to switch teams. He and Virginia Potts went right under
It may have been a possibility once upon a time for him, but at this point it doesn’t feel like offspring are in the cards. Tony has made his opinion clear multiple times, saying he could never raise a kid without screwing it up, and that the bots were children enough for him. Even if surrogacy or adoption were available options to him, Steve feels like that time in his life has passed. Grant was a surprise to both Bucky and Natasha, but once they realized it was happening they were completely on board with raising a child. With the rest of his close friends currently parenting newborns to teens, or even expecting another child on the way, Steve has plenty of outlets to feel that occasional nurturing sensation of fatherhood, and for him that’s enough.
For once, Tony goes quiet and lets her talk. Of course he’s aware of all the behind-the-scenes dealings that go on; He’s been around it since he was a kid listening in on his dad’s meetings and phone calls. As much as the leagues try and market baseball as this beloved sport where people from all over the country can come together and celebrate wholesome, family entertainment, at the end of the day, it all comes down to money and corruption. All the heart in the world won’t keep a team afloat if they don’t have the revenue to back it up.
Tony’s eyes fall away for a moment, some of the intensity lost. “Yeah well, good luck. It’s not like I made this choice,” Tony scoffs. “Such a stupid argument. Why would I choose to be discriminated against and make my life harder?” Tony’s restless fingers tap on the table, his gaze drifting out the window. “I know it pisses people off how honest I am. I share all my opinions no one wants to hear, and everybody asks the same questions: Why don’t I just shut up? Why do I have to be so loud about everything I put out in the world? Can’t I just follow social norms and keep quiet on the stuff that makes people uncomfortable?” Tony looks back at Steve, his dark eyes as empty as Steve has ever seen them. “I’m already forced to hide away a huge part of my life for the sake of others. I’m not giving up science, my looks, my wealth, or anything else.”
Anxious groans rise up from the team when the Clippers score, bringing the score to 3-2. Victor is convinced it’s a bullshit call, but no one can confirm nor deny as they’re all having trouble seeing exactly what’s going on when they’re all crowded around the fuzzy little TV.
in his mid-thirties, as Bucky who’s one year and four months older loves to remind him. He can’t imagine stopping anytime soon, but maybe he should start lining his ducks up just in case his knee injury decides to flare back up and take him out of commission sooner rather than later.
“He’s actually been very well behaved this visit. I might even give him a lollipop,” she smiles, patting Tony on the back to signal he can get up.
It was cold.  Of course it was cold, because even miraculously retrieved from the ocean, it seemed like this was one thing he couldn't shake, and the bite of the wind was enough to give him unpleasant memories about tumbling into the Atlantic.  But the desire for answers outweighed his discomfort, and after looking around and seeing nothing but a small road leading away and a cluster of trees, he cupped his hands to his mouth and shouted, "Hello?"
The man stared at him.  Once again, Tony felt a twinge of familiarity, but he couldn't pin it down exactly.  He must have seen this man before, but when?  He couldn't remember.
Tony flipped through the next few pages, then rolled his eyes and put the folder back down.  "Not much to read when everything's been blacked out," he said.
Then, finally, a nurse comes out and tells them that the surgery’s over.  Carol pulls Tony off to the side as Steve is pushed out and wheeled into his room, his eyes shut and face slack.  It occurs to Tony that this is the first time he’s seen Steve’s face without the mask up close like this in… years, really, and despite age adding lines to his skin and drugs making his expression loose, Tony finds him as devastatingly handsome as ever.
Huh.  So it wasn’t just Tony with the faulty electronics, then.  “Don’t worry about it.  My stuff is messed up, too.”  At least his heart was still working.
Tony sniffed the air, grimacing afterward.  “Rotting sabretooth carcass.  Lovely.  Let’s move fast.”
, well.  Freeing Steve, giving him a chance to live, will be worth it.  “Bring your hands up and lay them against the pipe.  Separate them as much as you can.”
Maya laughed a little.  "Well, you're a little more disheveled than I remember, but of course I do.  You're one of the great minds of our time."  She turned to Steve, gaze dropping to his shield.  "And you must be Captain America."
The fighter started shooting at them, and Pepper squeezed her eyes shut as Rhodey shivered slightly beneath Tony's arm.  Bullets hit the ground several feet to their left and got closer by the second.  They were going to get it this time, they were, they were—
"I'll even show you," Natasha continued.  "Come."  Without waiting for an answer, she left their room and strode down the hallway.  Steve glanced back at Tony, who sighed and set his rifle down before following after her.  Eventually, she stopped in front of another door, cracking it open so they could look inside.
Tony snorts, leading him back toward the door.  “Just keep your nose up in the air and pretend you have a lot of money, and you’ll be fine.  But really, you don’t want to pass as one of us, anyway.  You’d die of boredom.  Here, this way.”
Tony exhales, watching his breath be blown away.  He hadn’t even noticed the wind before, but now that he’s aware of it, he feels like it’s cutting into his skin, leeching away the last remnants of his warmth.  He wonders how long the two of them can last like this, out in the open and draped in wet clothes, the wind gusting across their bodies.  It probably doesn’t help that he’s lost so much blood by now, either.  But it’s not something he wants to think about for long, so he turns back to Steve, looking at the ice crystals forming against his skin, his hair.  Weakly, he reaches up, brushing some of it away.  “Cold,” he murmurs.
Now that Steve is asking, all the pain and hurt and cold Tony had been suppressing comes back to him in a rush, and he gasps, biting his lip.  “I-I’ll be alright,” he tells him.  Never mind that his teeth are chattering so bad he thinks they’re going to fall off any second now, or that the seawater against his wound makes him feel like his shoulder is on fire.  He
He laid there for several minutes, the room silent around him save for his own quickening breaths as he struggled to come to terms with exactly what he’d done.  Faintly, he was aware that today was the last day on which Fury’s airship would come looking for them, and that he was wasting time wallowing here in his own self-pity and shame and anger.  He should probably move, he thought.  But he didn’t.
, because he was still trying to figure out how he felt about the conversation they'd just had—and came up with nothing.  So instead, he settled for watching Cap as he worked, fascinated by the sheer amount of focus he was dedicating to such an inconsequential task.
… Tony is going to be safe.  Tony is going to live.  And even though he’ll be reunited with his father, Steve’s hopes are high that he’ll be able to break free of his influence and do the things he was always meant to do—to design planes, to fly high into the sky.  Steve’s changed his life for the better, and there’s no higher honor, really.  And if he passes tonight, he’ll be able to do so with no regrets.
, that suggested that said cave drawings might actually be true, Tony was going to hang onto it for dear life.
Tony frowned a bit before his eyes went wide.  "Yeah," he said.  "It's coming from our right, I think.  Let's go."
"Don't you understand?" Tony asked.  "I knew they had something potentially world-changing, and—and I didn't do anything about it!  I wasted time being afraid and wallowing in self-pity, and then the war happened and I let myself forget it was something I ever saw.  I think that was actually what I wanted.  I didn't want to deal with a world where this was a reality, and now look at what's happened."
“Sunset,” Howard interrupts, and Tony’s eyes slowly slide in his direction.  “Find out why everyone in the hallway is making so much noise.  I’ll deal with him.”
He forced himself onto his feet, wavering a little as he held his gauntleted hand up again.  “I don’t want to have to fire at you,” he told him as they began circling each other slowly.  God, was this his life now?  Getting into showdowns with national-heroes-turned-extinct-animals?  This was probably the last thing he ever wanted.  “Really, now.  You’re tearing me apart, Steve.  Don’t make me cry—it’s not pretty, it really isn’t.  So get that wild look out of your eyes and be my friend again, pretty please?”
"Whoa, whoa," Tony said quickly, holding up his hands.  "Cap, I have a Ming dynasty vase sitting at home in New York.  That thing is priceless.  Do you know when the Ming dynasty was active?  From about the 1300s to the 1600s.  And you know when the Shang dynasty ruled?  Something like those dates, but with a BC attached to the year.  If a shield—even Captain America's shield—smashed into my vase, let me tell you, I would be pretty cross.  And that goes double for all the weapons and statues and pottery in here.  Archaeology is by nature a destructive science, but that doesn't mean we can't make every effort to mitigate that destruction."
"Uh, no," Rhodey said, but Tony wasn't listening.  He inched a foot forward, then carefully pressed down on the tile right in front of him with his toes.  Somewhat predictably, an arrow came whizzing out, this one at a much lower height than the one that had nearly hit Cap.  Great.  That meant no crawling the rest of the way, not if he couldn't guarantee that the arrows wouldn't just whiz right over his head.  Out of curiosity, he tapped the tile again, and a second arrow came out—that was intriguing, that the crossbows or whatever could reload—but he wasn't in a position to investigate.
But Steve knew him.  He knew Tony in a way he'd never known anyone else.  How could he not, when he had spent so many of his days living his life?  Tony was - vain, sometimes. Brash. He thought highly of himself and while he might have had every reason to, it bordered on arrogance.  And yet - there was more to him than that. Even from the beginning, Tony had tried to help Steve in his own way. He'd discouraged Dougie from beating him up for a day and attempted to reconnect with Arnie by showing an interest in dating.  Beyond that, he'd always been so patient in explaining the programming and science lessons he'd been taking so Steve wouldn't be completely lost. He'd spent time with Ma in her last days instead of leaving the house to go have fun. He'd complimented Steve's art.  Over and over again, he acted like he was so cool and detached, but his actions told a different story. He was Tony, and he was soft, and...
Jessica glanced back and swallowed hard.  "That's awful nice of you to offer," she said.  "But it's too dangerous.  She wouldn't want that.  It's—it's fine, though.  She… gave me her dog tags.  I'll bury those."
that to her?  She was clearly worried enough already.  "It's okay," he said. "No, I do remember.  I think I wrote it off because it was so shocking, I figured it was a dream.  But, um, I guess it wasn't?"
He stopped dead in his tracks, motioning for Tony to stop too.  Tony did, though he looked confused.  "What is it?"
It happens so fast that later on, Tony’s never really sure which of them moved first.  Before he knows it, they’re leaning toward each other, lips meeting, hands sliding against each other’s skin.  Steve tastes like—well, honestly, he tastes a bit like blood from the fight, but that’s okay.  The kiss is gentle but insistent, and when they break apart, Tony is panting a little.  “That—” Steve begins.
"I'll make sure the train is clear," Steve supplied.  Given the gleeful expression on Tony's face, Steve wasn't even sure if he'd heard him.  Nonetheless, he went to do a sweep of the railcars, but there were surprisingly few people here.  If he had to guess from the dusty footprints, it seemed as they'd gotten on this train at one point, been informed that it was going nowhere, and evacuated.  Steve wanted to hope they got away okay, but he had a feeling that ultimately many of them had perished in the station.
With that, he started climbing up, back toward the light.  Thankfully, the drop hadn’t been deep, but they’d been traveling all day and Tony’s limbs were sore from straddling Rogers at awkward angles, and not in a fun way.  Finally, though, he made it up, flopping onto the ground afterward before managing to gather the strength to look back down into the opening, where Rogers still was.  “Alright,” he said.  “Work your magic.”
"Hey, I'm alive, aren't I?" Tony said.  "All's well.  Give me the brush and I'll keep going."  He turned around in time to see Rhodey roll his eyes, but the brush was nonetheless pressed into his hand, and so he carefully crouched down, starting to dust off the tiles he could reach.  Eventually he was able to settle into a pattern—step onto a tile, dust the nearby tiles, translate the characters (or awkwardly describe the characters out loud to Pepper so she could try looking them up), step onto the next safe tile, and repeat.
—and dodged clumsily out of the way, so Tony just fired at it again.  Funny.  The other one they’d fought was much more aggressive.  This one just seemed confused.  “After what you did, are you not going to put up a fight?” he asked it, adjusting his angle.  If he could get it to open its mouth somehow, then he’d be in the clear—
“Oh, I see,” Rogers said irritably as he caught up to him.  Funny.  The man always seemed so cheerful and polite in the public eye, but it seemed like Tony had a gift for getting under his skin.  Well, good.  “So you’re in charge of this expedition now, is that it?  Did you even read the briefings Fury gave us?”
Steve naturally gravitates towards his own poster, mouth hanging open slightly. He had expected it to be the photo of himself he was familiar with, the one everyone knew from his limited edition baseball card. The one in his Stars jersey, body twisted in that perfect batting pose, his jaw clenched and gaze determined as he earned a grand slam in his debut game in the Major League in ‘83. However, the picture Howard has hanging on the wall is from his earlier days. He can’t be older than Tony is now in the photo. It’s from the three-year period he had played for the Class A-Advanced league. He was still getting out of his awkward phase after a sudden growth-spurt late into his teen years, his physique still showing the potential for room to bulk up. Steve almost doesn’t recognize himself, the photo looking like a candid from a game long in the past. He was standing on base, arm outstretched as if he had just fired the ball to one of his teammates, a bright smile on his face. Steve did recognize that smile though, knowing he must’ve just witnessed Bucky receiving his throw in the nick of time to get someone out.
"Would you like to get some air, Steve?" Peggy asks, surprising him with that offer. He’s pretty much expected her to go find another group to socialize with, not single Steve out when she probably has plenty of people trying to shower her with praises tonight as well. Arguably as manager, Peggy holds the biggest hand in the Stars doing better as each season goes on.
“Pepper?” Tony mumbles numbly, still gasping for air. He feels like he’s drowning, pinpricks of heat raking across his skin. His eyes are open but he can’t see anything but blackness and shifting bursts of light. “Call— Call, Pepper—” he heaves, feeling like he might vomit at any moment.
“I still can’t believe you’re done, Tony,” Hank Pym shakes his head, running a hand over his grey beard. “You’re so
“Aren’t we all,” Tony responds as she slides the remaining cigarette out and places it between her lips. He returns the favor, numbly striking the wheel a few times before it catches.
Steve raises his eyebrows, a slight grin on his face. "Are you expecting me to decline that kind offer?"
Tony searches his face, finding no giveaways. “Tell me what? Quit playing fucking games and spit it out already,” He demands impatiently.
Steve blinks at her and fakes a shudder. “Wow. It’s been too long since I’ve heard that. Still strikes fear into my heart,” he chuckles and sits down at the table with her.
“Yes please,” Sam groans, leaning back against the couch. Natasha scoops up all their empty glasses and heads to the kitchen.
Steve rubs it absentmindedly, not looking up from his book. “It’s fine. I think that run this morning did it some good, but I’ll need to lay off it for the rest of the day to be sure.”
” He sends his meal crashing to the floor next, uneaten food slopping onto the ground while the cheap plastic of the dinner plate remains in tact. “
for a while now. And I know we haven’t really talked about it because you get all dodgy when I try to bring it up, but I think both of us know that this is more than just us being close friends who occasionally fool around.”
“If you’re sure… Thanks for bringing me back… and for the advice,” as much as Tony hates that Bucky has this level of understanding with Steve that he’ll never attain, his pride had to take the hit just this once that Steve isn’t like thermonuclear astrophysics: he can’t just learn his ins-and-outs overnight.
“Alright, Aria it is,” Tony grabs Steve’s hand and takes off across the street, ignoring his protests about walking the extra half block to a crosswalk. Law enforcement in Vegas had a lot more to worry about than a couple of jaywalkers on The Strip.
? It’s not exactly something to advertise on paper, now is it?” She keeps her voice low, but it’s full of an acute anger. “Now take us to his partner and my godson before I have half a mind to sue this entire bloody hospital for flagrant discrimination!”
The Stars barely outrank the Mockingbirds as far as number of wins went for the season thus far, but that didn’t totally count them out. The team from Massachusetts was no joke, and where they may lack in defense, they knew how to get runs and steal bases like no other team.
Steve shakes his head, refusing to let Tony's heckling get to him. He’s an expert when it comes to blocking out the negative calls he hears day in and day out during a game, and Tony is no different than the bullies in the stands. He’s going to fake Tony out with his swing, change his stance and his follow through completely. After his demonstration swing, he looks back at Natasha who is smirking, knowing exactly what he’s done.
“Tony!” he calls out in return, getting lost in the throng of people. There’s a sudden break in the crowd, Steve’s eyes finally landing on him.
"That was some out," he says conversationally, still looking down the line as the next Pacific player steps up to the plate.
Steve wants to scream at Tony to shut up. He has no idea what he’s getting into right now. Natasha has a reputation as one of the hardest coaches in the minor league. At first, Steve assumed it was so she wasn’t undermined as a woman, but he soon caught on that gender had absolutely nothing to do with it. She’s a hard ass who refuses to take anyone’s excuses, all the way down to her core.
“Doc, it sounds like I’m not going to be pitching in the World Series later this month,” he smiles sardonically.
Tony jolts awake, immediately hyper sensitive to his surroundings. He feels wet, back and chest slick with sweat, itchy hospital gown clinging to him. There’s people staring back at him in surprise, Steve, Peggy, and a doctor. He pushes himself into a sitting position, his entire body seizing up in protest. Sets of hands are on him in an instant, gently easing him back down onto the damp mattress. The ringing in his ears is back, their voices sounding like Tony was hearing them from miles away. Whereas before the pain was nothing but a dull sensation gently reverberating across his entire body, now he feels concentrated areas of throbbing agony coming from his chest, stomach, back, and hands. The stinging pain is accompanied by a pounding headache concentrated around one temple.
“Nat!” he yells again, knowing she’s already gone. He hits the door once more before his head thuds against the wood, closing his eyes for a second to collect himself before he can turn around again.
“You could at least take me to dinner first,” Tony grouches, wheeling his IV stand along with him as he climbs back into the bed.
The banter feels like welcome amnesty, Steve almost having forgotten Tony’s bright and youthful rasp with all of the grief surrounding the last couple of weeks. He’s still wearing the grey and blue Avengers track pants but the jacket has migrated to being tied around his waist, a simple white t-shirt still clinging to his torso.
“Carol!” He practically squeaks in surprise. The three of them all stare at each other, unmoving and wide-eyed for a moment. Too late, Tony quickly rips his hands away from Steve and scoots a good foot down on the bench to separate them, as futile as the action is. There’s absolutely no hiding the intimacy they shared in, and he doesn’t even know how long Carol’s been standing there. Tony stands just because his body isn’t sure if it can remain seating after such a scare. “Wh-What are you doing here?”
He stands outside the door for a few moments. There's no sound coming from the room and right before Steve knocks, he thinks better of it and walks back to his own room.
They glance back up at each other then, sharing in a laugh that soon turns into a fit of giggles. Their laughter eventually tapers off, echoing slightly around the tile and cement block chamber. Tony looks down at his bandaged hand, flexing his digits experimentally.
He appreciates that Bucky is there to look out for his well-being and offer him the out he wanted. It isn't right to be selfish, not right now. He has an entire team of players who he shouldn't shun during what is supposed to be one of the greatest moments of their collective careers just because he can't share it with one other person. Bucky will be with him tonight, not to mention the fact that he’ll be celebrating just as raucously as he would if he had been on the field today.
Page loading, page loading, there we go. The first result that comes up is on MiLB.com. Steve has one of his own biographies on this site, but his isn’t nearly as in depth as Tony's appears to be. He starts reading.
The Stars catch a break as the next batter strikes out, swinging and missing all three pitches that Isaiah throws. The sound in the stadium is raising, premature victory chants coming from the Brooklyn fans as the Serpent’s next batter steps up to the plate.
“One might argue that they aren’t baseless at all since they’re coming from the people who know you best—”
“What made you start playing then?” Steve asks, curiosity gnawing at him.  Everyone’s story is different, but he has never met a player like Tony, one who holds such vitriol towards the sport but continues to pursue a career in it. “Why not do something with Engineering?”
“I won’t get my hopes up,” Tony mutters, hearing Steve’s crackly sigh again. “I’m sorry. I don’t want to bring you down. It sucks, but we knew it would. Tell me about the team. How are you guys doing so far?”
Steve thinks back to their conversation, all the burning questions he’s been wanting to ask Tony for the past few months finding their way to the front of his mind. Pepper had been able to confirm all his suspicions that Tony is more serious about this than he lets on, and there’s no one else in his field of interest as long as Steve is here in front of him.
“Hey stranger,” he greets, running a hand through his hair. It’s perfectly messy but coiffed all at once, pushed back from his forehead and looking soft to the touch. He’s got a cigarette box in his hand, passing it from one palm to the other. “I was just sneaking outside for a smoke, care to join me?”
on the International League’s side, the game being hosted at a familiar PCL stadium he’d played a number of games at back when he was on the Irons. He doesn’t have as much pull with the unfamiliar coach this year, a man named Rezzo who’s the youngest coach in the league, belonging to Boston. Tony’s going to be playing as a relief pitcher this time, no room for negotiation.
They’ve gone through the entire line-up, no subs left. They’re almost back to the top of the batting order, and it looks like Steve will get one more chance at bat. Tony racks his brain for their best possible chance. He knows he won’t let the other team get a single run, so they just need to get one point and they’ve won. He glances back to the field, doing a double take when he realizes who’s now taken to the mound.
fan. Steve catches Peggy's eye as Howard continues rambling about the ins and outs of his baseball career. She has a knowing gaze as she listens to Howard, amusement playing on her lips.
She drops it after that. They return to their hotel, Tony taking an hour long shower until he’s satisfied. Pepper has to go back to the stadium before the game ends because there’s two other Irons players on the team and they need her attention too. She's kind enough to order him room service before she leaves. Tony has no idea how much money she makes, but the woman needs a raise. Two raises.
He hears the swoosh of the door opening and the metal clang as the large push handle rattles loosely when it swings shut. His head immediately snaps up, looking back over his shoulder at the entrance to the showers. “Tony,” he hisses, tapping the top of his head. His warning is ignored, Tony simply hollowing his cheeks and sliding him further into his mouth.
Steve’s eyes flicker away from her, picking at his chips in his basket. He glances back up at her to see her smiling still, a look of understanding in her eyes. “It’s okay, Steve. Tony told me about you two,” she keeps her voice lowered, even though there’s no one nearby or paying them any mind to eavesdrop.
In the end, it’s over much quicker than anyone is expecting after such a drawn out game. The Irons are swinging at practically every pitch Tony throws now, desperate to make contact with the ball. It’s a good method, and Tony doesn’t manage to strike anyone out, but that hardly matters when their defenders are laser focused with the confidence that there’s no possibility of letting five players make it all the way around the diamond.
they scored a home run. Tony shakes his head, not needing to spend any additional time thinking about Killian’s strange strategy and the annoyance now plaguing the field.
It’s just as electric as he remembers from the night before, but now with them both sober, everything is crisp and clear. A small sigh escapes Tony’s lips and Steve takes it as invitation to slide his tongue into his mouth, stroking his thumb gently across Tony’s cheekbone. Tony is the first to break the kiss, his lips still shiny and pink as he pulls back to look at him. “What was that for?”
“Of course,” Steve smiles, stepping forward to brush a bit of confetti off his face. He hopes the action doesn’t look too intimate to their friends, his hand dropping away to keep the gesture nonchalant. “Maybe I got it out of your file in Janet’s office.”
“Not sure, but I think you were still in diapers when we won,” Steve counters and quickly snatches the keys out of his hand. He slips them into his back pocket before Tony can make another grab for them.
"It looks like Mr. Stark checked out of his room about three hours ago. If it helps, I know a car came to pick him up."
They split up to take opposite sides of the street, agreeing on ten minutes to build a fort before the snowball war will begin. Of course with Tony’s engineering mind, their snow fort turns out to be the more expert of the two built, but Steve has always felt like an underdog, so why would this be any different?
He tears down the street in the Shelby Cobra, bitter because he started driving it more just because he knows it’s Steve’s favorite out of all of his cars. He presses his foot down further on the gas, eyes watering and pulse racing as the needle of the speedometer slowly climbs. He cranks the volume dial as high as it will go as the car tears out of the city. He’s surprised he doesn’t get pulled over on the bridge as he crosses into Jersey, hops on the highway, and just keeps going north.
“Nah, you know how he gets on planes,” Rhodey shrugs helplessly. “Doesn’t travel if he doesn’t have to.”
As Peggy paces angrily up and down the room, Steve scoots his chair closer, reaching up to gently brush Tony’s hair back from his face. He picks up a cloth and wets it in the bedside sink, gently washing some of the clumps of dried blood from his soft locks that the doctors and nurses had missed. He tries not to let his eyes linger on the dark bruises marring his beautiful face.
. Tony’s head is swimming with all sorts of dismissals and arguments, but who was we exactly? “Nat agrees with you on that? Because I find that hard to believe,” he crosses his arms. Natasha has become one of his closest friends here, and he can’t fathom that she could be in on this without even talking to him about it first.
Thor quickly chimes in with his experience with his and Jane’s two girls, and before Steve knows it he’s caught in the middle of a conversation he has absolutely no input on. He tunes out most of it, smiling down at the little boy in his arms, gurgling and squirming, occasionally tugging on Steve’s finger or reaching up to pick at one of the shiny buttons on his shirt. Steve has never been in a position of his life where he really fell on one side or the other of whether or not he wanted children.
” he told Steve after having to start over from fourteen months sober, ruined by a single beer he instinctively grabbed while tinkering in his workshop that turned into ten beers to follow. “
She sets the tumbler in front of him, placing both hands on the bar as she looks him over again. “You look familiar.”
Tony likes Thor more than he thinks he would have upon first glance. He still doesn’t know the guy’s real name— some impossible-to-pronounce Norwegian moniker. He’d been fondly nicknamed after the Norse God of Thunder because of the unmistakable power he had to his swing, mimicking a clap of thunder that rocks the stadium every time he hits the ball.
it’s agonizing and wonderful all at once. Full of satire and warmth, it’s a familiar sound that Steve’s mind almost can’t process.
to ask, there have been offers from at least half of the Major League teams to buy you out from us since you started playing for our team. Of course no one dared to make the offer before when you were playing for your dad, and back then you were such a little shit that no one wanted to deal with you
at him. Broad and toothy, that familiar glint in his eye before he becomes a blur. Movement as quick and agile as a feral cat, he tears towards third base
“Yeah, because I wasn’t trying to sell my soul out to a team. I did that to prove a point,” he argues.
She finally turns to look at him, a sad smile on her face. Her nose is red and she’s clearly been crying, but her voice doesn’t show. "Ah, Steve. How was the tour?"
Tony actually straightens up a bit, feeling the light-hearted mood of the small crowd shift slightly at the implication, unsure if it’s just a joke in poor taste or that he’s not making a joke at all. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, but then again, everything that comes out of your mouth is a crock of horseshit anyway, so I really shouldn’t be surprised.”
Steve thanked Peggy at the time. Forgiving her was easy once his head cleared, and she was the only thing that made him sad to leave the Stars in the end. He would begin playing with his new team in about two months, but he had yet to be cleared for full league play.
Nancy’s greed almost costs them the game, throwing a wrench into Tony’s plans. He refrains from swinging at Hammer’s first wild pitch, but Nancy takes the opportunity to steal for third. The catcher fires the ball to the third baseman who makes contact with the base right before Nancy can slide in.
“Right, of course. My apologies, Ms. Carter. Mr. Rogers,” she nods to both of them, keeping her eyes on the floor when she addresses Steve. “Please, right this way. Doctor Hallstatt should be with him now.”
Steve watches the currently empty hammock swinging in the slight breeze through the sliding glass doors leading out to the back deck, the coffee machine bubbling quietly behind him. Breakfast had been waiting for him on the counter, complete with a very ironic note from Tony stating “Don’t be late!”
Apparently, the PCL pitcher knows how to keep his cool under pressure. An uproar of disappointment rises up from the stadium as Thor swings the bat but makes no contact. Undeterred, the stomping slowly starts up again, no rhythm to it as soles of shoes slap against the concrete floors.
“Considering we’ve got the rest of our lives, please do,” Bucky grins and is able to doge Natasha’s elbow without even looking. “Love you, dearest,” he drawls, kissing her on the cheek.
“I prefer to be behind the lens,” Steve denies, holding the camera just out of reach. He does hate having his picture taken, but he’s gotten used to it after a while with his job.
Steve and Tony exchange glances with a smile. Steve kneels down in front of her. “We are, nice catch there. What’s your name?”
“I remember when they were that age,” Clint sighs from the next table over. “Cherish it while you can. You’ll be missing the changing of diapers and three a.m. crying sessions before you know it.”
A few of the PCL players are filtering out of the Stadium now, Hammer and three other Irons players having stopped when they spotted Tony. Spotted is a generous word, Tony thinking that it isn’t an unrealistic notion that Hammer had just been lying in wait to try and “bump into him” during the bit of crossover the teams had in the trade-off.
Bucky picks up Steve's duffel bag and tosses it to him. "Grab a pie from Vinny's and then chow down at your place?"
On the warmest days they go down to the beach. The water is far too cold to actually get in, but it’s nice to lay out on a towel and talk with each other, trading childhood stories and talks of the future. Tony wants to cling to every moment as long as he can, because he knows as soon as they return home, they won’t have an opportunity like this again for a long, long time.
“Fuck, seriously?” Tony groans in annoyance as they step into the room. It’s still large and lavish, a huge bathroom and en suite kitchen available to them, a great view of the glittering city below from their large window. The only problem is that the two queen-sized beds are in one shared room.
So yes, there is still more I want to do within this verse, so don't be surprised if I turn this into a Series in the near future! This is my first official fic I've ever posted anywhere, and I have a ton more Marvel fics up my sleeve that I no longer feel too nervous to post now that I've gotten this monster fic out of my system. The reception has been amazing, and I appreciate every kudos, share, and comment. They mean the world to me and I never would've been motivated to finish this fic, and I'm excited to write more for y'all. Check my bio for links to find me yelling about fandom things elsewhere, if that tickles your fancy at all. <3
Rogers scoffs, shaking his head. He’s still watching Tony, but doesn’t seem as observant as he looks back to his pitcher who’s taking his time before his next wind up. “So we’ve moved on to shit-talking now? Am I allowed to point out that your batter can’t hit a ball if it was tossed to him from three feet away?”
“You’re acting like a child!” Steve bellows, hands now clenched into fists on top of the table. He pushes his chair back slightly but makes no move to stand.
“You know, I would be offended by that comment, but considering I could easily buy out most of the casinos here, and I’m getting judgement on my fashion choices from a guy who was about to wear a
Bucky laughs. “Come on, we do everything together. I don’t want to play ball without you, we made a pact remember? No matter what we’re doing or where we end up, we’ll be there together.” He bumps their hips together as they started the walk home. “’Til the end of the line?”
Steve’s gaze landed on the gashes in his arm; his eyes widened, and he looked back to Tony, clearly wanting to know where this had come from.  “It’s nothing,” Tony said quickly, putting his hand over it, which ended up being a bad idea because one, he was still wearing his gauntlet, and two, now his gauntlet was covered with blood.  Great.  “Um.  If you could grab my bag for me?”
Tony had to admit, he couldn't come up with a very good rebuttal to that.  He couldn't come up with pretty much anything right now, the pain fading to a dull ache as Cap continued to pet him.  In the next second, he was asleep, lulled into dreams by the gentle movement of Cap's hand.
Tony blinked and smiled up at him, though his smile faded as he got out the thread and needle.  "Time for the fun part."
Tony stares at him for a moment longer, then laughs, his good arm clutching at Steve.  “God, what kind of a question is that?  Of course it’s alright.”  He sobers a moment later, looking back at him.  “I think this is the first time I’ve ever heard someone say those words to me.  Except for maybe my mother.”
Slowly, they made their way to the building that Tony had been looking at earlier.  The door was swinging slightly, as if someone had just passed through.  Steve glanced at Tony and stepped into the darkness.  "I don't hear anything," Tony said, his voice barely audible.
“Trigger the protocols,” he says to Pepper and Maria once everything is ready, and then he starts the long, slow process of brain death.
Upon closer inspection, the spots she pointed to were more tripwires, and Steve was careful to step over them with his bad leg, Tony following his lead.  "Keep an eye out," Tony murmured to him as they watched the ground.  "Those pistols were Makarovs."
“I won’t go away,” Rogers said, and the next thing Tony knew, he was rolled onto his back again, Rogers reaching up to undo the buttons of his shirt.  Tony tried batting his hands away, but it was no use—Tony was far too weak, especially after plugging the gauntlets into his chest plate, which yes, okay, was only supposed to be done in case of emergency because that charge was supposed to be for his
Tony’s dark eyes flit up to him, his mouth screwing up to one side as he considers his answer. His fingers are restless, still tapping against the tea cup. “I didn’t cry at the funeral.”
Tony pushes his hand off and keeps walking. “Oh, don’t even go there. We were going to lose either way, I figured I’d at least try and give us an advantage. We both know Lang wasn’t going to get a double.”
“I don’t get a say in this?” Steve asks, his voice raising. “No, Tony. You’re not ending this to try and— I don’t know— protect me? We need each other now more than ever—”
Steve takes a deep breath, exhaling slowly. “I don’t want this to be over. We’ll figure it out, okay?”
“They’re actually not bad. Retz came up from the double-As and he’s pretty good. Doesn’t have a lot of stamina, but he’ll make for a good relief pitcher in a pinch. The other kid, though, he’s kind of a little surprise rockstar. I think he’s about seventeen or so? Looks younger than that even. Janet fished him straight out of the rookies, but he’s got some crazy talent.”
Tony spins around on his stool with a wide smile. The hotel bar is packed with people, a mix of their team, fans, and a few reporters here and there who weren’t invited for business purposes per se, but of course were welcome to socialize with the team and its supporters.
"Hey Mandy," Steve nods at the spectacled high schooler behind the counter. "Mind if I log onto the computers? I'll try to be quick."
It’s not enough to catch the player off guard, his bat connecting solidly with the ball before it sails into center field yet again. Bucky had fallen back a fair amount of feet in preparation for a much further hit, but he’s booking it as the ball arcs back down towards the ground. “No, no, Buck,” Steve whispers worriedly under his breath. “Just let it roll and get it to first.” He's clearly trying to catch the ball before the ground does, but he's just too far. He has two options from there, either out the batter or try and get the ball to Steve or home depending on what the runner on the second base did. “Let it roll and get it to first,” Steve is still repeating like a mantra as a runner comes his way. He readies himself to receive the ball, but he can tell based on the timing and the Mockingbirds' desperate plays that this runner is going to go all the way to home.
“Sit down,” Hill commands harshly, giving him another push towards the living room. She’s definitely got more of a spine out of the two of them, but she’s usually not this brash. Confused, he sits down in an armchair, staring at both of them in confusion. She pulls a folder out of her messenger bag and tosses it down onto the coffee table, the cover flapping open. “Care to explain?”
Tony allows a small smile to grace his pinched face as they walk together through the tunnel. “I thought they said it was mini-golf.”
“Right,” Steve agrees, eyes drifting back towards the ceiling. “I should let you go. Sorry again about not being able to make it.”
Steve mutes the TV again once the next speaker steps up, realizing his own cheeks are wet with tears. He had been so preoccupied with thinking about Tony that he hadn’t even reached out to Peggy or thought about how she has lost family too.
More silence. It stretches on, Steve realizing he’s drained the contents of the mug rather quickly, a lone mini marshmallow swirling in the barely-there remnants of what is left at the bottom.
It’s a nice, private area, a kitchen with a fridge stocked with beer and a buffet of all the best baseball foods lined up along one wall. Glass doors on the opposite end of the room lead out to the balcony portion of seating, three rows sectioned off just for them with a great view of the field. Tony notes Thor standing off to the side, holding a brunette woman in his arms who must be Jane while talking to a tall, gaunt-faced man with long raven hair that Tony doesn’t recognize at all. Steve is outside, leaning casually against the railing as he converses with Barton and Lang.
Tony smirks, but there’s no humor in his eyes. “Are you saying you would drop me just to teach me a lesson?”
The TV cuts to static for a moment before showing a different reporter talking with Tony outside the Irons’ home stadium in Malibu. Tony's hair is still matted with sweat, his jersey slung over one shoulder. He looks almost bored as the reporter speaks.
Celebration rings out in the stadium, and Tony is suddenly airborne as Thor lifts him up, swinging him around in victory. The revelry is short-lived as multiple whistles start being blown, the refs, umpire, and both coaches all suddenly rushing together towards home plate. The cheering of the crowd starts to turn into disconcerted shouts as they wait for an official ruling. Thor doesn’t set Tony down as they wait, massive arms still locked around him, letting his feet dangle a foot or two above the ground. Tony’s too focused to care, doubt beginning to creep into his mind the longer they wait.
The bat whiffs through the air, counting it as a strike. As soon as the ball connects with the catcher’s mitt, he’s immediately firing it back into the infield. Tony’s too quick, and the ball shoots just out of the second baseman’s reach. A costly maneuver on the IL’s part means that Tony slides into second before he can be tagged. It’s a clean steal that’s met with mixed response from the audience.
Steve shakily makes his way to the home base, looking out at the field to try and figure out what's going on. Dugan is right. He can’t let this take him completely out of the game. Bucky wouldn’t want that for the team either. He had gotten that third out for the team, and Steve is going to do his best to make that out mean something.
The dining room is against the back wall of the house, floor to ceiling windows showcasing the ocean below. As Steve walks closer to examine the view, he can see a winding staircase leading down the cliff side to a nice private beach. He also spots an additional building further down the way. It’s completely dark, unlike the rest of the lit mansion. There’s large industrial sliding doors on one side of the smaller building, making Steve wonder what it could possibly be.
“I don’t know,” he admits. “I don’t think she was expecting you back so soon. We have Strange and Elritch to fall back on at least.” Tony looks annoyed by this, taking a sip of his tea. “You don’t have to launch yourself back into things, Tony. It’s okay for you to take some time off.”
Steve frowns. Natasha pushes the Avengers harder than any coach Steve has ever had in the past, and she sure as hell didn't accept excuses unless you were basically dying, season already in the bag or not.
He throws a dry look Steve’s way as he walks inside, the restaurant dark and seemingly empty. The little pizza joint is just a smaller portion of a much larger building, the back region split into half an arcade, and half a bowling alley. Tony walks forward and dings the little bell sitting at the abandoned counter.
And one by one, strikes are called as each and every player misses. Every ball Tony throws is deemed 100% fair, and before Steve knows it, he’s up.
"Just a reminder that reporters aren't meant to speak until their pre-approved questions are called on," Peggy quickly interrupts. Steve glances around the shifting crowd and lets Peggy call on the next reporter.
“Ah, fuck,” Tony suddenly swears, Steve just now noticing how pale he looks. Arm clutching loosely at his stomach, he scrambles to get out of the booth, knocking the table with his knees as he does so. Before Steve has the chance to question him, Tony is gone in a flash, flying into the bathroom.
“Are you?” Tony asks, fingers curling into the edge of Steve’s collar. “You don’t… regret last night?”
“Peggy,” he calls out to her, swiftly approaching the counter again. She turns to him in surprise, her eyes wide and tinged pink around the edges.
“Steve, wait!” he hears his captain calling after him, already disappearing around the corner as he makes his way to their locker room.
“Tony…” Steve sighs. “You don’t have to throw yourself back into it because you think it’s what people want from you. What you need is important too. Your parents
Tony rips the bandaid off early, jumping up onto his coffee table to make the announcement pretty much immediately after the team has arrived, not wanting to bring the mood down after everyone’s already started drinking.
The crowd shifts uncomfortably around them. While it’s clear most of them are already put off by Hammer’s blatant displays of his inferiority complex, many of the players are now turning uncertain stares towards Tony as well. Those kinds of accusations aren’t taken lightly in the current climate, even when coming from a raving asshole that can hardly stand.
There’s five people ahead of him on the batting rotation. With how aggressive the IL is going to be playing their defense after getting no runs, Tony isn’t going to make it to plate on this round. He stands at the edge of the dugout even though he’s still breathing hard from all the exertion of the first half of the inning. He needs to watch. He needs to observe. The odds are going to be against him if there are any substitutes, which is likely going into the fourth inning. Tony’s counting on there not being too many changes, and he has to learn what he can while he has the time. He scans the field as each player comes to bat, checking for patterns, for weaknesses. Any chinks in the armor of this best-of-the-best lineup that the International League has to offer. Most of his attention is on the most crucial piece of the chessboard— the man who stands on the pitcher’s mound.
Everything is riding on this game. Steve keeps that thought in mind as he changes from his nice suit into track pants, a t-shirt, and his warm-up cleats. They’ve come so far in the three short seasons that Steve has been playing for the Stars, and he can’t imagine ever playing for anyone else. He owes everything to this team, this city. He feels a duty to stick with them, win or lose.
Curiously, he carries the mystery gift into his apartment, pushing the sliding door shut with his foot. After shedding his layers and hanging the damp, snow-ridden garments on his coat rack, he takes the box over to his coffee table, pondering what it could be for only another moment before tearing into the shiny gold and crimson paper.
Unlike when Bucky retired, Steve didn’t really stay on top of things that went on in the realm of baseball. He hung up his glove for good, that part of his life behind him now. He stayed uninvolved beyond remaining a sponsor for the Avengers and attending as many of Tony’s games as he could. He’s happy though, living upstate, selling his paintings and photos, doing freelance work here and there. It’s a good life, all things considered.
“Carol is fine. And he better,” she throws a wink Tony’s way. “It’s nice to finally meet you too. Nick speaks very highly of you as well. Congrats on your Championship win this season, by the way.”
“We’re going to be okay, Tony. We all knew coming in that the PCL’s defensive line-up is statistically stronger than ours. Rezzo was expecting this, you have to have faith in him,” he tries to reason, his hand moving to rub comfortingly against the back of Tony’s neck, holding him there.
“Uh, hi?” Tony says, still lingering in the doorway. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to interrupt. I’ll just be outside, Jan. Take your time finishing up
Tony zones out as Thor prattles on about his newest obsession with astronomy or astrology— he’s not quite sure which one— staring at the back of Steve’s blonde head. Playing with Rogers and the rest of the Avengers for the past year and a half had started to change him in a way he hasn’t expected. He held years of resentment for the fallen golden boy from the Brooklyn Stars and a couple of seasons of playing under him wasn’t going to cure that. But Tony has learned to
“My best friend,” Steve clarifies, somehow forgetting that the two have never met, despite their significance in his life. “He lived directly below us. My mom was pretty protective of me at the time, but Buck always took care of me and made sure I didn’t push myself too hard. I started playing outside with them more and more, and baseball was a huge part of me getting stronger. After high school, Bucky wanted to start taking it more seriously, so we started in the rookies together…” Steve bites down on his lip, realizing that Tony has probably heard his life story at least from that point onward about a hundred times from his father. “When did you know you wanted to play?” He deflects, knowing that if there was one way to appeal to the young star it was to get him to talk about himself.
The door to the hallway swings open to admit Bucky, joining them in the lounge that the Groom’s party have all been sequestered away to in the time leading up to the big event. Bucky looks dashing in his own tux, not usually one for going the extra mile for how he looks on the surface. Steve himself only started putting those kinds of efforts into his appearance over the past few years because of Tony’s meticulous influence. Bucky’s beard is carefully trimmed, hair still long but tucked behind his ears and away from his face, dark locks resting against the tops of his shoulders.
you are,” Janet groans from the stairs above, tromping her way down to grab Tony by the elbow. “It’s starting any minute, we have to get down there— Can you two save the teenage flirting for
“Well, he sounds like a right brat, Steve, but you really shouldn’t get so worked up over it,” Bucky advises, shaking his head. “Seriously, why do you let him get under your skin so bad?”
“Maybe.” They sit in silence for a moment, just enjoying each other’s company. Tony’s usually up in his workshop tinkering during calls like this, with Steve over two hundred miles away either cooking dinner or sketching. “I’ll already be prepping with Nat when your flight lands, but maybe I can meet you at the airport before you go.”
It’s down to Tony vs Rhodey when Pepper slides into the empty seat next to Steve, pleasant smile on her face. He’s never really interacted with the woman personally before, but he knows what a huge role she plays in Tony’s life.
to change their minds. And what better way to do that then return to the league that scorned you and cast you out after using you to get to the top?” He’s playing a little dirty now, knowing the best ways to try and convince Tony to see his agenda by appealing to his dramatic side.
Natasha shrugs. “Maybe. It was kind of awkward at first, being there with a married couple, their kids, and then one of my players’ best friend’s who I’d only really heard of, but after spending more time with him… I don’t know, he really charmed me that day,” she smiles wistfully, her own gaze drawn back to where their significant others were huddled together, conspiring over god-knows-what. “Things didn’t really start to turn for us until that night you and Tony had that big fight though, remember? He drove off upstate like a lunatic and Bucky happened to find him that night to bring him home. Since he was already in the city he decided to surprise me and stop by at my place that night and… well, the rest is history,” she laughs.
“So, what? You just close yourself off even more? Get rid of me and all your friends and drown your sorrows in booze and anger at the world for not being accepting enough?” Steve is angry now, any kind of sadness quickly pusher aside. “You can’t just turn me away after all we’ve been through together—”
“Alright, that’s it, you’re cheating,” Sam declares, throwing his cards down on the table. “It’s the only explanation.”
“As if I’d let him,” Natasha says off to the side, cracking open a bottle of beer on the edge of the counter. “That’s my job.”
“Just a couple of hours,” he closes the book and sets it down on the coffee table, patting the spot next to him. “Come here.”
,” Peggy snaps, grasping Steve’s hand with her own. “Steve is as much family as I am— He’s listed as an emergency contact for Christ’s sake! You will let
Tony catches him staring again, laughter tapering off and expression softening to match Steve’s. He looks away first, mirthful, caramel eyes settling on Bucky and Natasha reluctantly kissing again when everyone starts clinking their silverware against their glasses.
“Maybe I was hoping you’d punish me,” Tony suggests in a low voice, tilting his head back and resting it against the tile wall. He exposes the long line of his throat to Steve, reaching out to grasp his cock that’s already at half mast.
They lock eyes and a tremendous wave of deja vu washing over both of them. Steve knows Tony is thinking back to the same moment he is, charged with defiance and insistence and two completely opposite viewpoints.
. Steve wonders if he can get a tour of the house post-meal, just so he can gawk over some of the masterpieces hanging on their walls. With the money this family seems to carry, he fully expects that all of them are bonafide pieces.
He strikes the next two batters out, and the third is tagged out on first by T’Challa. It’s the complete opposite of the first inning, including how the Avengers perform when it’s their turn to bat. They get a couple batters on base, but even when Bruce comes up for the sweep, the Irons’ center fielder makes a risky dive and catches the ball for their third out, neither score moving an inch. A rather uneventful second inning all things considered.
“Wasn’t going to give them,” Steve answers honestly, realizing too late how the comment comes off. He pushes past it, not all that bothered considering how Tony is the one constantly opening with barbed comments. “The team’s going out for drinks. You haven’t really come along to any of the get-togethers and I, erm, think you could have a good time if you came.” Steve isn’t a very good liar, so he can’t risk expressing to Tony that he
“How are you always so late to practice if you get up that early?” He asks in amusement, watching as Tony scrubs an eraser over half his page before starting again. He then can see that Tony isn’t really sketching, but rather filling the page with all sorts of confusing looking formulas that Steve can’t begin wrap his head around.
Steve hears her hang up the call and hides behind the bathroom wall. He sees a blonde woman exit, walking down the hall while slipping her cell phone back into her purse. It’s Christine, the reporter for Vanity Fair that had been all over Tony at the bar earlier. This journalist is different, a snake if Steve's ever seen one in human form. She seems completely confident in her ability to swindle information out of Tony, and Steve just knows that if she’s successful he’ll be kicking himself over the repercussions.  If he wasn't concerned enough before, hearing that the woman plans to drug Tony kicks his fear into overdrive. Tony's safety is now on the line, which matters much more than his or the team's reputation. He has to do something.
Steve leans down and kisses the grin right off Tony’s face. The water has gone cold by now, both of them hastily cleaning themselves off before shutting it off and grabbing their towels. Seeing that there’s only the two of them left, they steal a few more kisses and gropes here and there, though Tony is more of a culprit of that, Steve having to practically hold him at arm’s length just so he can have a few seconds to get changed. As appealing as the thought of bending Tony over the bench is, Steve’s pretty sure he’s done with that kind of risk for the day. Besides, they have plans.
"You're one of the best pitchers in the entire minor league and you're asking me to put you in a different position?" New Orleans' coach, a broad and terrifying man named Whitaker, asks in disbelief when Tony presents him with this concern.
A plain white box is waiting for him past the wrappings, Steve lifting the lid to see golden tissue paper and a folded note with chicken scratch handwriting in red ink that Steve would recognize anywhere.
With that, he leaves the room. Pepper immediately wraps her arms around him, and it almost makes him break down. Almost.
Knowing he has to do something before Steve will let him go, Tony sighs and stares down at the grave markers. “Hey, Mom. Hey, Dad. I know there’s no afterlife or whatever, and that you guys are now just a couple of corpses buried six feet underground, but I guess if I was
“As satisfying as it would be, and contrary to what you probably think of me right now, my goal isn’t to hurt you or make you miserable. The Avengers would take a huge hit losing you, which we absolutely cannot afford if we don’t at least have the money from The Knights to pull in some more talent.” She rubs her hand down her face with a sigh. “I know I can’t make you do anything, but maybe you should talk it over with Steve before you make your decision.”
, so of course the thought was always there. My dad was always pressuring me about it, telling me that I’d join the Irons one day and be his shining little star before eventually transitioning into helping him run Stark Industries. Despite all that, I just found baseball— any team sport really— so dreadfully boring. I preferred reading and building things and computers. All I wanted to do was play around with tech, but everyone was expecting me to be some jock toy soldier. My mom was the only one who actually supported what I wanted to do…” his expression actually softens into a real smile, and Steve can’t help but mirror it as he thinks of Maria and her fierce devotion to maintaining her son’s happiness.
"Oh mother, oh father, I return with a guest!" Tony calls into the house, his voice echoing in the high-ceilinged room.
“Oh yeah?” Tony asks, slowly stroking himself. “I wasn’t kidding about the quickie. If I’m seeing you for the first time in months, I’m pretty sure I’ll jump your bones no matter where we are.”
either, but in comparison to the usually technically perfect pitches they’re used to, seeing his skills waver so drastically has been a shock. Natasha insisted he wait another week at the very least, Tony complaining from the dugout every game as he watched the other two Avengers pitchers take his place. Meanwhile, he struggles through every practice as if he’s never handled a baseball before in his life. Steve and Natasha stay an extra two hours after practice just to make sure Tony doesn’t work himself into the ground, forcing him to leave the stadium and go home.
Tony glares and Steve notices the flush to his cheeks, now seeing that an almost empty glass was clutched in Tony's other hand. "Well, I'm alive. You can go now."
“Just that you two have been involved for a few months now,” she shrugs. “Which means a lot considering Tony’s never had a real relationship or connection with anyone, let alone for longer than a week.”
That’s a surprise, but it doesn't make Tony take a seat. He’s never had to have this kind of conversation. Every year he tells Pepper he is staying with the Avengers and she performs her magic and nothing changes. “What do you mean?”
Steve catches the bag and slings it over his shoulder, following Bucky out of the room. "Absolutely."
To Tony’s surprise, Nick Fury is standing outside of the dugout, staring him down as much as he can with his single eyeball. The rest of the team looks surprised as well, Fury rarely making appearances to them during actual game time. Owners don’t necessarily have to engage that often with a team— they’re more about the numbers than actual human relation. He knows that Fury has multiple other business ventures, including many dealings with Stark Industries. Tony’s actually fairly sure he’s seen the man more times at his father’s events than he has since actually playing for his team.
. The Irons clearly are not here to mess around, and they prove that when the Avengers are up to bat next. Tony watches anxiously from the sidelines, sitting between Steve and Scott in the dugout with one leg bouncing uncontrollably as he watches. He feels Steve’s hand cover his knee, holding it still. Steve isn’t looking at him, his eyes focused on the field the same as everyone else. Tony doesn’t make a comment, letting his legs relax. Steve’s hand stays put for the rest of the inning, fingers occasionally squeezing during a tense moment, but never moving away until Tony has to get up again to return to the pitch.
"Your mom seemed worried about you," Steve blurts out, immediately wincing when Tony's mouth twitches into a frown. Bad start. Maybe he can still bounce back.
literally. He doesn’t let himself get too caught up in the semantics of it, their position making it easy to just close his eyes and imagine it’s just him jerking off as normal. Of course, it doesn’t feel quite the same considering his hand is wrapped around a cock that’s definitely
Tony almost leaves it at that, one last disrespectful monologue to give his old man the finger before he goes off to seal his former team’s fate. His eyes fall upon Maria’s tombstone. Tony crouches down, reaching out to run his fingers along the soft petals of a few white roses that have been left there. A few petals crumble and fall off the flower from his delicate touch, the integrity of the blossoms compromised from the few days sitting out in the stale weather. He lowers his voice so Steve won’t hear, needing this moment to stay between him and Maria. “I lost myself for a little while there, Mom. I started doing what I thought would make people happy and forgot everything you taught me. I’m still figuring out the kind of person I am, and the person I’m trying to be. You aren’t around to help me figure that out anymore, but I… I think I’ve found some good people who
Steve keeps his gaze so low that once he gets back to the box, he doesn’t see another hand reach for the door at the same time as him. “Oh, sorry— Janet!” He’s surprised to see the woman; He actually hasn’t seen her since the wedding. “It’s good to see you! Tony said you couldn’t make it.”
Steve throws his hands up. “You guys talk about me all you want as long as I’m not around to hear it. I’m gonna take a walk before the ceremony.”
“I’ll be there soon,” Steve hangs up the phone and tosses it into the passenger seat before peeling out of his garage. He suddenly understands Tony’s incessant need to drive at such a reckless, blinding pace all the time. It’s calming in a contradictory way, elevating his already panicked heart rate while focusing his energy at the same time. The traffic is lighter in some areas than it is others, Steve doing his best to weave his way through to get to Lower Manhattan. He slams his hand onto his horn impatiently more than a few times, for the first time contributing to all the needless noise pollution he’s been hearing his entire life. It doesn’t offer much in the way of catharsis, his little Pinto groaning in protest at all the sudden stop-and-go.
"Those Stark men aren't easy," Maria finally speaks, fingers worrying at the hem of her gown. “But I suppose that’s half their charm, isn’t it?”
“Your right only suffered a sprain We’ll want to keep it in a brace for a few weeks and limit your useage of it just to insure it heals as normal. Your left however…” She digs around in a folder that appears to be his very thick record, showing him a few X-Rays of the broken bones in his arm, hand, and thumb. “We’ll need to get a cast on it now that it’s had some time to set while you’ve been unconscious. Approximately eight weeks with the full cast, then we can put this type of bracer back on for another six weeks and then go from there. Which is your dominant?”
Tony blinks at him, for once, seemingly rendered speechless. He recovers after a minute, his cocksure smile returning to his face. “You know, you could’ve just admitted you would miss me too much.”
Tony swings on the next one, making sure he’s a little early on purpose to watch the ball go flying left, just out of bounds. That’s a foul and a strike against him. The ball gets back to the pitcher. Tony switches back to stand on the original side of the plate he had started at. On the surface, this is a desperate move, something a player did only upon realizing he’s not able to get the ball where he wants it when batting lefty. He can see Greene smirking from the pitcher’s mound as he winds up for another pitch.
"It was alright," Steve answers, sitting down in the alcove with her. The bay window ran halfway up to the ceiling, providing a view of the stars appearing in the darkening sky. "Wow, I can't remember the last time I could see the stars this well."
The interior of the house continues to look exactly how one would expect a California mansion to look, with the addition of beautiful art pieces
cars." Steve walks along the length of the car before getting in. The interior is altered and looks much more high tech than the exterior. Steve runs his hand along the dashboard, a glowing touch screen control panel installed, replacing where there’s normally buttons and knobs. "This isn't— Is this a '62?"
Steve is getting odd looks from residents of the complex as he comes in, dripping puddles on the floor. He’s out of breath by the time he makes it to the receptionist desk, the young lady behind it smiling politely if not a little nervously.
“I stayed because I’m a sucker for nostalgia and I had nothing better to do,” Tony denies, it ringing so clearly false even to his own ears. “Besides, I couldn’t just come back and win
“Fuck, I’m exhausted,” Tony sighs loudly as he walks in the front door, tossing his keys onto the table and dramatically collapsing across the couch surrounded by a sea of boxes in their living room. “Is it too late to quit?”
She places her hand on top of Steve’s, her dark eyes watering as she turns them on him. Her gaze is so intense it makes him want to glance away, but he maintains eye contact. “Please take care of him, Steve.”
Peter looks at him with wide eyes, nodding so vigorously he’s scared the kid’s head might fall right off. “Yes, Mr. Stark! Thank you for the advice!” He chirps, still beaming as he passes Steve on his way out. “Bye, Captain! See you soon.”
Unfortunately, the strong start doesn’t quite carry them to the place they want to be. The game proceeds with each team only scoring one run for the first two innings. The game has barely begun, and the fact that things are uneventfully even to start leaves the direction the game will soon take up in the air. Tony analyzes the line ups going into the third inning carefully, a handful of substitutions having already been made. Thor is still on the batting order, but doesn’t hold any defensive position, and Tony and Steve are still waiting for their chances at pitcher and third base, respectively.
“You seem to be walking a little funny today, you and the other deviants have a little too much fun last night?”
The words go straight to Steve’s groin and he reaches out to grab Tony, hands sliding down his flanks. His waist is accentuated with the vest still securely buttoned up over his torso, Steve able to see the subtle contour of his frame as his eyes further adjust. “You’re wearing too many clothes,” he notes, standing there in just his dress pants, socks, and shoes, and feeling much more naked than he should be.
Now that the jig is up, the staff comes out of hiding as well and starts getting orders together to make fresh pizza for everyone, customized to however they like. Steve isn’t very picky when it comes to pizza, so while most of the team tries to coordinate their orders, he goes over to try on bowling shoes.
“Was he drunk?” Steve asks quietly, breaking the silence. Peggy shoots him an unreadable look that he ignores, eyes still trained on Tony’s still face.
"Somewhere greasy," Tony requests. "There's this dive bar/diner I really like on the corner of 5th and 73rd."
“Just going to say hi really quick to a friend that came out to see the game. You guys go on without me, I’ll be right down,” Steve waves them off and sets off at a quick jog.
“No,” Janet interrupts him with an apologetic smile. “You’re having the meeting with all of us today. Please, shut the door.”
He would like to think it isn’t like that between them. Surely Tony can’t fake the kind of connection they’ve had these past few days. All the sidelong glances, the tender touches, quiet moments just spent in each other’s company. Tony is such a lonely person that Steve can’t imagine
In the end he follows after Howard, who’s the most insistent and possibly the easiest of his three options. Steve feels obligated to speak up on Tony and Maria’s behalf. He should say something- anything- to try and diffuse everything that had just been said at dinner. It isn’t his place, though. Howard is an extremely powerful man, and in one meal had become a totally different person from the one Steve had encountered in a bar so many years ago. There is nothing charming or admirable he can find in Stark after he berated his son like that, but Steve fears the consequences that may result in coming to Tony’s defense. There are two sides to every story, and he knows Tony well enough to know that he couldn’t have made it easy on his parents growing up. He wants to believe Tony was just being dramatic and trying to get the last word in as he always did, but if what he said about how his father disciplined him was true…
The time that passes over the next day is a blur. Tony recovers in the privacy of his home, all the reporters eventually shooed away by law enforcement. Coulson and Hill make themselves at home, Pepper showing up later that evening. He lets her hold him for god knows how long, curling up on the couch like a lost child with his head in her lap, letting her fingers card gently through his hair. He tunes out the discussion of what comes next around him, hearing words like “press conference” and “damage control” thrown around.
“Don’t start,” Steve growls, opening his eyes and sitting up to yank Tony back to him. Maybe men aren’t that different from women in the aspect of kissing at the very least, although the scrape of Tony’s very slight stubble against his chin is… new. It’s as soon as they get below the belt that Steve isn’t going to have any idea of what he’s doing. Technically, he has experience with his own cock, it’s handling others’ that he’s worried about. How is he supposed to figure out what Tony likes? What he doesn’t like? The upper half is different too, but maybe that means there’s less to deal with?
"What happens when you two become hot commodities and a bigger, richer team buys you out from under us?" Peggy asks, suddenly serious.
Steve makes an interested noise from the bed, Tony glancing back at him. He’s smiling faintly and gestures to the TV with the remote. “
“Tony,” Janet starts carefully, leaning forward slightly with her palms upturned on the table. She’s treating him like a wild animal she’s being careful not to spook. “Alexander is the owner of the Knights based in D.C. and Maria and Phil are the managers of the team.”
He leaves no room for argument, and as of cued by the pause, a doctor opens the door and comes in. “Afternoon, Mr. Barnes. The results of your last consultation are in.” His eyes dart over to Steve who quickly stands up to leave.
He watches Tony’s back muscles and glutes tighten as he arches his back, not needing to verbalize that he’s about to come. Going against both bodies’ desires, Steve pulls out completely, holding onto Tony’s hips to keep him steady. He watches Tony’s head twist around in surprise, mouth agape.
"Yes, thank you, ma'am," Steve accepts some of the hors d’oeuvres off the plate. Crackers and cheese seems almost too simple for this kind of family, even with the cheese coming in perfect spherical form, sitting on seasoned crackers in the shape of flowers. He follows after Tony and Maria through a doorway to the right of the house, into their parlor. The room has huge windows, as did every other room in the house, and a large faux fur rug in the middle of the floor. There is an enormous fireplace underneath a large portrait of their family, immediately drawing Steve closer. It seems a few years old, Tony grinning handsomely, not a hint of teenage unrefinement in his features. Steve is painfully jealous while looking around at a few of the other pictures of a young Tony in the room. The kid never had an awkward stage it seems.
“Fuck,” he sighs, eventually dragging himself into a sitting position. He really should be used to these kind of hangovers by now, but drinking as much as he did after traveling usually sets him off kilter a bit. He blinks the blurriness from his vision, realizing Steve is holding out a tall glass filled with a familiar red concoction complete with a celery stalk garnish. “You ordered this from room service?” Tony asks in a pleasant sort of surprise, immediately taking the cool glass from him and chugging down half the contents.
“This is really good,” he compliments as he gravitates towards the couch, having to push Tony’s legs aside so he can sit down too. Tony moves them momentarily before letting his feet settle back into Steve’s lap once he’s sitting.
might be a better word,” Tony sighs, opening the passenger side door. “You're driving. I feel like I'm still drunk."
“Both of your hands will be fine with time,” she says, Tony exhaling deeply in relief, probably losing any hint of indifference he had been trying to save face with. “Your right will regain full mobility within 2-3 months as long as you don’t over exert yourself. Even after the cast and brace come off for your left, you will still need a few months of limited use and physical therapy just to ensure no further damage do it. Luckily, most of the breaks are clean. And like I mentioned before, we’ll still need to keep you here a while longer just until your ribs and the internal tears heal further. When you’re released you’ll need to be put on bed rest, and no strenuous physical activity for six months following.”
Steve spares him a sly grin and shrugs. “I’ll do my best.” Tony watches him go down the hallway and turn the corner, waiting impatiently for him to return. He hears Steve’s voice come back down the hallway a few minutes later, another younger, nervous sounding voice accompanying him.
“Tony, don’t do this,” Steve begs, immediately holding his arms out to show the bodyguard he doesn’t mean to fight. His eyes don’t leave Tony’s, pleading for a change of heart. The man wordlessly seizes both of Steve’s arms, holding them behind his back as he forcibly removes him from the room. Steve’s feet dig into the carpet, their masses about matched as far as level of muscle goes. “
“I’m so sorry, Tony,” Steve whispers. “I know you’ve probably heard that a million times but… I’m just sorry you’re having to go through this. It’s not fair.”
“We're you serious about that spiked hot chocolate?” Steve asks in all seriousness, shedding his layers. The apartment is much warmer than he expected, Tony himself walking around barefoot in sweats and a well-worn Electric Light Orchestra t-shirt.
“Sounds like you’re trying to tell me I’ve been replaced,” Tony says with a smile. “What’s his name?”
Steve lets him do just that, sinking back onto his elbows and succumbing to the pleasure of Tony’s mouth as the snow continues to fall outside.
A cherry red Acura NSX sitting in the nearly empty parking lot isn’t quite what he expects to see when showing up, and it’s obvious that someone else had the same idea to come and practice despite the inclement weather. It’s slowed to a drizzle at this point, but had been alternating between a mist and a downpour all morning.
“I wanted to thank you properly,” Steve responds, awkwardly shifting his weight to his other leg. “And, uh, check in on you. I guess.”
Steve watches as he starts to unscrew the panels on the device. The inside looks insanely complicated to Steve, not even sure how the damn thing works. He just sticks the tapes in and hits the little arrow button for it to pop back out and that’s that. Tony immediately starts picking it apart, holding pieces up to his eye before either putting them off to the side or sticking them in a new position.
; They don’t show affection anywhere that isn’t totally private, they do their best not to advertise the few times they could be spotted out in public together, and aside from the few times they’ve maybe shared a questionable look or touch here and there inside the stadium, no one should be the wiser.
Tony has out-pitched twenty-two of his teammates and Steve doesn’t think that he’s going to be any different. He glances towards Natasha who looks like she could melt the bat in his hands if she continues to glare holes into the aluminum.
Deciding against leaving Tony out here to fend for himself in case he pukes again in his sleep or wakes up completely confused as to where he is, Steve grabs a sketch pad and makes himself comfortable in one of his chairs by the window. He doodles randomly for a few minutes before he realizes more often than not, he finds his gaze wandering over to the snoozing, hungover pitcher on his couch. He’s shifted a little bit in his sleep, sort of curled up on one side with his face turned outwards now rather than mashed into the cushions.
Bucky whistles. "With moves like that you better switch sports buddy. Magic Johnson’s gonna be old news with
They do their best to keep their vocalizations quiet, but there’s little to be done about the sound of the headboard repeatedly smacking into the wall and the frame creaking beneath them as they finally get out all the pent-up sexual energy that’s been saved up for several weeks now.
As Steve drives towards the stadium, he can’t help but think of what an impact Tony has made on the team he considers family. They were still skilled and dedicated players before the Stark Boy Wonder came along, but something had changed ever since he showed up, a blazing fury that quickly ignited the sparks that helped propel them to levels they had never reached in seasons prior.
She’s smirking at him when his sheepish gaze returns to her, feeling the back of his neck flush to match the shade of his new accessory. Natasha laughs at him, throwing her head back. “Relax, I’m not scolding you. I’m actually impressed. Didn’t know you had it in you.”
“The Diamondbacks lost two more pitchers this season,” Thor hints, leaning across the table with his arms outstretched. “Come out to Arizona, Tony! I miss playing baseball alongside you. You’re too young to give up yet.”
“What are you smiling about?” Tony asks, bringing Steve back into the present. He’s got a suspicious glint in his dark eyes that he knows exactly what Steve had been thinking about. His ability to read Steve’s mind has always been uncanny.
This doesn’t clear anything up for Steve. So it wasn’t that Tony had somehow gotten outsold and forced out of the Irons? “Why on earth would Tony want to switch teams? The Irons have been winning championship games for seasons now—and even that aside, it’s
incredibly stupid what you did. And as much shit as you’re going to get for it… It’s going to help in the long run. Things are changing, even if it doesn’t feel that way. You should be proud to be at the front of that change.”
They people watch for a bit, just sitting together, hands linked, watching all their friends make fools of themselves on the dance floor. Steve keeps finding his gaze drawn back to Tony though, softening at the wrinkles that crease around the corners of his eyes when he smiles, his slightly pointed canines appearing when he laughs, the little smattering of freckles across his nose that are almost easy to miss.
"I wasn't struggling," Tony said, starting to feel annoyed.  It was the second time now that Ty had brought up how terrible yesterday was, despite the fact that there had been nothing wrong with anything he'd done, as far as he could tell.  He was used to ribbing from Ty, but this was getting excessive.
"Yeah," Tony agreed as he idly checked his bag—he'd apparently patched it up during his turn at watch.  "Last guy I talked to was Namor.  You should probably know, though, that not all people are nice."
Steve swayed momentarily, ears ringing, although he held onto Tony for dear life—unwilling to let him go even if it was to stem the blood he could already feel running from his side.  He turned, though, and found Tem on the ground, reloading a gun.  "You," he managed, torn on what to do next—he couldn't fight him, not while injured and carrying Tony, but he couldn't turn his back on him, either.  Tony made his decision for him, though, pushing at his chest hard until he tumbled out of Steve's arms and landed with a grunt against the floor.
Tony stared at him.  He was older, Steve realized.  Not a lot older, but there were a few creases that hadn't been there before, a few more white hairs that had once been black.  But Steve still found him beautiful.
It’d all been quite clever of Fury, really.  He’d dangled the prospect of a new, post-war adventure in front of Tony’s nose, going on and on about how the Savage Land was a whole new world filled with undiscovered creatures, resources, and, most importantly, possibly relics of a magical sort, because Nick Fury was an asshole who had somehow figured out the truth about Tony’s incurable heart condition and was now playing it up as much as he could, damn him.
.  And…”  He looks down, idly drawing an invisible pattern against the rail.  “…I guess I keep on telling myself that maybe he’ll learn to like me someday.”
Steve wavers for a moment, like he wants to talk back, but one look down at the water pooling above their waists is enough to convince him otherwise.  “I’ll look at that when we’re higher up,” he says finally, reaching down to take Tony’s hand, the one connected to the good arm.  “Let’s go.”
Stark flapped one hand.  "Loud," he said briskly.  "Can't stay in the air forever, and with the noise I'd probably get mobbed whenever I landed."
Tiny or not, though, it had changed him.  And if it really had happened - and it had, he repeated to himself over and over - then Steve was there in the past, still on a trajectory toward a doom only Tony knew of.  If they could only switch one more time, if Tony could carry his present knowledge to Steve's period, then maybe, maybe he could save him.
"Steve, the hell is going on?"  From Steve's left, the entrance door swung open, and Tony stepped in, his eyes darting from the shield on the ground, to Bucky standing in the doorway of the other room, and back to Steve.  "Holy shit," he said, and he stepped forward, holding the shovel like a spear.
Steve would have protested normally, but… Luke was right.  He was drained.  "Thanks," he said, which Tony echoed.  "Wake me in a few hours, then."
Steve follows his gaze.  The water is dark, and there’s nothing much to be seen down there.  “I’d like to ride one, I think.  Wouldn’t that be fun?”
It was the ring, he knew.  The ring was involved somehow, but the specifics remained a mystery to him—Birch, he thought, had touched on it earlier.  It was why he'd needed a "helper", because he couldn't use it himself.  But the helper could use it.  And Cap… Cap could use it.
Howard pulls away, though his gaze remains as intense as ever.  “Tony Stark,” he says, his voice steely, but softer—then again, he’d just been screaming.  “You are my only son.  My only successor.  All I have wanted is a child who I can be proud of, one who will follow in my footsteps.  Why do you continue to refuse to be him?”
The morning air was cool as consciousness filtered back to Tony, causing him to curl up a little into himself, shivering.  God, what had happened last night?  Tony—Tony recalled some things, dimly.  Bad things.  Things about broken promises and glinting eyes and dying.  Things that, upon second thought, were better left forgotten.
"In a way," Maya replied as they drew closer to the stadium.  The entrance closest to them looked blocked, and she led them to a further one instead, rapping on the door a few times.  Once it swung open, they stepped inside, Maya leaning in to whisper something to the person who had opened the door for them.  "But first we need to know how it works."
Tony nodded, a little too quickly because he jostled something he shouldn't have.  With a wince, he laid back down onto the bed.  "Right," he said.  It had been a stupid, selfish suggestion anyway.  Cap had better things to do.  "Forget I said anything."
, so this omission seemed glaring.  Part of him wondered - was Steve, maybe, in denial?  Did he think that if he didn't write about it, it wouldn't be real?
Steve blinks, glancing over at the clock on the wall as he shakes Tony’s hand.  “Um, yeah, I guess I am.  Is this a problem?”
Tony hadn't expected the question to be turned back onto him.  "I want to be happy," he blurted out, surprising himself.  Damn it.  Had he actually said that out loud?  "I mean," he continued quickly, trying to salvage this somehow, "doesn't everyone, right?  It's a stupid answer.  It doesn't mean anything."  Not to anyone but him, anyway.  There was so much he carried with him, so much that weighed upon him.  He would never be unburdened.  Virgil, the atrocities of the war, now Birch… they were all a part of him, a reminder of the ways he had failed.  If he had planned more, seen ahead better, things would have been different.  But he hadn't.  He hadn't.
Tony wasn't sure how much time he wanted to spend explaining things, especially when Birch was the one who should be doing all the talking.  He needed to know the story behind all the weapons down here.  But Birch wasn't attacking them—yet—and Cap was lost.  So he stared at Birch dead in the eye, then said aloud, "A criminal.  One who once worked for me."
But before his mind could really absorb the enormity of this revelation, the voice - Steve Rogers, apparently, and not just that, but Steve Rogers in his body,
"Can't be more than two weeks old.  It's probably cleared out by now, but we can just—shit, he's up—"
“Which way?” Steve yells as they reach the end of the hall, struggling to be heard over the sound of water surging all around them.
survive this; the alternative is unthinkable—believing that Steve had betrayed him, that he was just like any other person out there who’d used them for their own ends.  Tony doesn’t deserve that.  He deserves better.  Steve had thought he was going to be able to give him better, but life doesn’t always work out the way you wanted to.  And now… now Tony’s just going to go back to being under his father’s thumb.  And though Steve can’t blame him for it—he’s spent his entire life there, after all—it still
“I have to go,” he says, bringing the faceplate down, and before anyone can stop him, he’s out a window and flying west, feeling grateful when he doesn’t hear the sound of Carol pursuing him.
"I don't know," Steve admitted.  His heart had started to thud loudly in his chest, even though they were doing nothing but sitting in a quiet hospital room.  Maybe he should back away while he was still able to.  Maybe doing this would just lead to heartbreak again, just like during the war—a heartbreak that he could now admit was his own fault just as much as Tony's.
Embarrassingly, Tony thought he could feel his cheeks color.  He glanced away.  "Those are strong words, Cap."
Jarvis let out a bark of laughter, cracking his knuckles.  "That alone is reason to go.  It's our patriotic duty."
"If I knew that was all it took to make you talkative I would have fed myself to a biter a long time ago."
Steve frowned at the map, then at Tony.  "Well, what are our options, then?" he pressed.  "Are you suggesting we turn around?"
Steve wanted to pick a fight with him, but he managed to decide against it, trying to relax even as his heart thudded uncomfortably loudly.  But… he couldn't let
Maybe Tony should have never led them into a trap in the first place.  Maybe he shouldn’t have threatened Steve.  Maybe he should have just opened up earlier, instead of accommodating Namor and his paranoia and telling no one about his plans.
Looking dubious, he dismounted and peered up the hole, from which the rope was still dangling, thankfully.  Still, that wasn’t exactly going to help Rogers much, unless his ability to climb up long dangly strings was somehow intact.  Somehow Tony doubted that was the case.
"No," Tony said, automatically curling away from the voice as he tried to cling onto the already-fading remnants of his dream.  Relatively speaking, it hadn't really been all that great. He'd been a stick of a kid growing up during the Great Depression, for God's sakes.  But the dream had seemed so real and had lasted for so long that Tony hadn't been able to help but grow kind of fond of the plucky guy he'd seen in the mirror.
Of course, it wasn't like he hadn't seen Tony's more… private parts before.  He went to the bathroom, obviously. He'd even showered, but he'd been so distracted and awed by the idea of heated water continuously falling onto him that he didn't have much chance to think about anything else.
He starts to draw.  His ears are still burning, but he tries to ignore it, focusing on Tony instead, on the curve of his face and the lines of his lips.  He’s never committed someone so perfect to paper before.  Tony, for his part, is surprisingly quiet—he seems content to watch Steve work, saying almost nothing at all.
Tony comes to learn that everyone’s words are—or should be, anyway—a private matter, not to be flaunted around.  He finds that his own words in particular are of interest to both his peers and the media, tabloid articles supposedly exposing them popping up with increasing frequency as he gets older and, if he’s being quite honest with himself, handsomer.  At some point, he gets into the habit of covering his wrist with concealer, even though he fervently rubs it off every night so he can touch the words with his fingers, wondering where his soulmate is right now.  Maybe, he sometimes muses, it would be easier if everyone knew what his words looked like.  Maybe his soulmate would recognize their own handwriting and just come to him on their own.
—and he gasps, eyes fluttering back open.  No matter how much it hurts, no matter how much he wants to just give up and meet Steve again in whatever realm that is beyond life, he can’t, he
"Well, we came to deliver her stuff, and now we're leaving," Tony said cheerfully.  "So if you could crank that big door open for us…"
Steve leaned down to get a closer look, wincing.  It was bleeding heavily.  Still—"It's nothing to worry about," he said.  "I heal fast."
So he was dead, as Steve had suspected.  "Was it because of a herd?" he asked gently, since Tony had gone quiet.
At this, Birch inexplicably smiled, holding up something.  It was, Tony realized with a start, the final piece of the artifact they'd been searching for.  The fact that Birch had the piece after all wasn't surprising—he'd suspected it for a long time, after all—but seeing it here now, right in front of him, made his heart skip a beat.  They were so close to it.  So close to the end.
When they finally emerge on deck minutes, hours, days later—Steve isn’t even sure of the time anymore—Tony is in good spirits, arm wrapped around him without a care in the world as they let the cool air wash over them.  He giggles at some scandalized passengers staring at them, and Steve finds himself laughing as well, unable to help it.
Oh, yeah.  That had been one of Tony's rules.  Eat smarter, not harder, he'd said. Donuts and coffee were given to them by the gods and he just needed one plate and one mug to get by in the morning, not the entire cafeteria spread.  Personally, Steve felt that eating donuts was not particularly smart. They weren't very nutritious, were they? Not like potatoes. Potatoes had everything. "Well," Steve said, not sure how to reply out loud.  "I guess so. Aren't you gonna eat?"
He sounded so damned vulnerable right now, and it made something in Steve's chest ache.  "Do you want to talk about it?" he tried again.
“Shit,” he muttered to himself, grabbing the two packs and Steve’s shield as he got up, looking around.  Maybe Steve just had to go do his business?  He didn’t seem to be in the immediate area, though, and it was strange that he’d just go off without telling Tony.
"About time!" Natasha shouts suddenly, looking towards the tunnel. Steve turns, feeling his heart fall out of his chest at the figure walking towards them. This had to be a dream. A nightmare— one that Steve has definitely had before.
“Tony, wait—” Steve is cut off by his own gasp as Tony takes hold of the base of his shaft. His eyelids flutter for a moment at the sensation of actual contact, no layers in the way. When his eyes refocus, Tony’s eyes are still trained intently on his, long lashes casting shadows down his cheeks.
“Yeah, something like that.” She hums thoughtfully, a spark in her eye. Tony hates that spark. That spark means Carol is scheming, which won’t end well for him. “It was nice running into you two. Nice to meet you, Steve,” she gives a little wave and ruffles Tony’s hair before hurrying back down the dock to help her dad unload the boat, throwing over her shoulder. “And I’ll see you tomorrow at seven, a.m., bright and early, Tone!”
The raucous group all come together to start the final countdown, ten seconds left in the year. Tony keeps his eyes on everyone sitting and standing in front of him, all their eyes glued to the TV, and away from him and Steve. It’s a little risky, but as long as his little trick works out, they shouldn’t have anything to worry about.
“Stay down,” He advises Hammer’s unconscious body before stepping over it to join the rest of the Avengers in ushering a belligerent Tony away from the scene.
The following practices don’t go much better than the first one. Tony is continually tardy, but doesn’t seem to mind staying late to work one-on-one with Natasha. Steve almost suspects they’re actually warming up to each other, and he hates the twist of anger inside of him when he actually spots them joking around together before the start of practice one day. It’s hardly like watching two familiar friends, but there’s almost a mutual sibling-like relationship he can see growing, Natasha shoving an undeterred Tony away by the face when he tries to flip through the pages on her clipboard.
“Mind if I steal your bride for a moment?” Steve asks just as the music transitions back to something a little slower and thankfully more manageable for Steve to attempt to dance to than the upbeat song playing before.
Peggy’s smile returns. "No, not yet. You two are good, of course, but you're still in your probationary one year contract. The Stars don't even have to call you up to play for the next season if we choose not to..." she trails off then reads the nervous expression on Steve's face. "We will," she reassures him. "Don't worry about that. We definitely want to keep both of you." She pats him on the arm. "I better head back inside. I thought I'd get in your head a little since it seems like for now you're a staple of the team."
Tony avoids her gaze and nods, accepting a kiss on his unscathed cheek. The door suddenly flies open right as Pepper touches the handle, a fuming Van Dyne's storming into the room, blowing right past her. Pepper just raises her eyebrows at Tony and draws a line across her neck, sticking her tongue out at him. He rolls his eyes and raises a fake finger gun to his head to blow his own brains out, getting a laugh out of his ex-manager before she slips out of the room and leaves him to his doom.
Tony manages to hold out for a few seconds longer, rolling his hips and tightening his muscles at the perfect angle as he shudders in Steve’s arms. “Oh,
Tony shrugs one shoulder, popping a cigarette out of the box and placing it carefully between his lips. “Don’t I always?”
The game is over, no need to play the second half of the inning as the scoreboard flashes 15-19 to solidify the Avengers’ victory. Even if Tony had the mind to get up right now, he would’ve immediately been knocked down again by his entire team piling on top of him. Over all the raucous cheers, the music playing, and the little pieces of red and white confetti raining down around them, Tony can hear the sounds of sobs from his team. Bruce and Thor help him to his feet and he looks around to see his teammates— his friends— embracing and crying out of pure joy. He remembers that a lot of these players never thought they’d see a Championship game again. For a handful of them, this has been their last season and they’ve ended it on a high. They all earn this triumph today, not just him. Tony can feel his own tears gathering, wiping furiously at the corners of his eyes to try and keep them at bay.
Tony closes his eyes. Of course. He sighs loudly and gets to his feet, looking between Pierce and the managers. “Well, I apologize you guys came all this way as this probably could’ve been resolved with a phone call. I’m not for sale.” He heads for the door. “It was nice to meet you all.”
Tony frowns and sips at it. He’s not sure if Steve told him his usual order, or if the kid is as obsessed as everyone teases him about, but it’s exactly how he likes it. “Go tell him I said to get his ass in here. Drag him by the collar if you have to, I don’t care.”
The smirk quickly turns into a scowl, Hammer spitting at the ground between his feet. There are no more words exchanged before the teams are dismissed to their respective sides of the field.
Steve sighs, scooping some chicken and fried rice onto his plate. “Good to see you back to normal so soon.”
“Yes, he just stepped out for a moment, he’s coming right back to you, I promise.” As she says this, more figures enter the room, Tony scans them enough to see that none of them are Steve, so he closes his eyes and slips back under.
Laughter fills the small studio apartment alongside the soft crooning of Christmas classics from the likes of
Janet’s office is at the end of the hallway. He can see some figures shifting around inside through the frosted pane of glass on the window along with the sound of multiple muffled voices as he approaches. Strange. He’s under this impression this is supposed to be a one-on-one. He hesitates outside of the door for a moment to try and see if he can pick out the voices. There are definitely a couple of male tones in there, and another female who’s not Janet, but doesn’t quite sound like Natasha either. He decides to just find out rather than ponder, and opens the door without preamble.
“Do you think Nat will let me play in the next game?” Tony asks, Steve thinking that he almost sounds childishly hopeful about it.
“Describe it,” Tony sighs, tightening his fist and sinking back into his pillows, closing his eyes. He spreads his legs on instinct, wishing Steve could be in that space, leaning over him and covering his body as his hardness hangs down between them, Steve pulling himself off, those intense blue eyes locked on his own—
“I’m not starting them with foundational bullshit, Steve. These guys run and throw and catch balls day in and day out. Let’s see how they actually play and I’ll make the adjustments after I actually see them in action.” He pats Steve on the arm. “Go hang out in the dugout and do your managerial stuff. I’ve got this. Sometimes you gotta run before you can walk.”
The entire stadium erupts in joy as the ball sails into the stands, Steve holding a fist up in victory as he takes to a quick jog, his victory lap around the diamond. The three batters before him plaster themselves against him in a quick celebration hug before moving off the field, Steve setting the score 4-1.
much,” Tony elaborates from behind him. “Everything is shut down right now. Some people don’t have power and a lot of the phone lines are down too. They’re advising people not to go outside until it lets up.”
If he was less attentive, Tony might’ve missed the small flash of a smile he sees flit across Steve’s face right before he readies up for his next swing. The pitcher fires a ball at him, a two-seamed pitch. Tony’s eyes widen in disbelief, knowing exactly what a pitch at that velocity and trajectory will mean for a power hitter like Steve.
The reception is in full swing at this point, people either seated at the small round tables and chatting over food, or letting loose on the dance floor. He has to scan the room to finally spot the lovely couple as they’re doing their due diligence, going around and talking to family and friends to thank them for coming. Steve strides across the room and places a hand on his best friend’s back, smiling apologetically.
or moreso for the lack of words he had wanted to hear. “I just wanted him to tell me to stay. That he’d be hurt if I had to leave.”
Scott’s up to bat next. He gets two fouls in a row, the second one looking promising at first but landing outside of the lines. Steve had booked it for both of them, unwilling to even hesitate even if the ball did end up going wide. He’s almost at home when the whistle blows and calls it a bad ball. He skids to a stop, clearly frustrated as he yet again has to make his way back to third. He’s at no more than a steady jog, in a hurry to get back on base so the game can continue, when Tony sees him go down.
"Shit!" he hears Tony exclaim, the kid popping up from behind a rolling cart. His eyes, thankfully protected by safety goggles, immediately narrow when he sees Steve. He grabs a tiny remote and hits a button, the music shutting off. "What are you doing here? Howard's creepy baseball chapel scare you off?" Tony's hands are littered with new little scars and burn marks as he wipes them off on his jeans and maneuvers his way easily through the garage.
Steve groans, batting his hand away from his suit jacket. “You love bringing up embarrassing things from high school, you really do.”
“Shit—” Tony sits up, wincing when he grips himself a little too tightly at the base. His phone falls away from his ear, hand shooting out of his pants to grab at some tissues in his nightstand and clean himself up. He does his best to tuck his erection away. “I’ll be down in a second!” He yells through his thankfully locked door. He didn’t even hear him come in, and that fucker is
Tony turns to look at him, eyebrows raised expectantly. His cheeks are flushed, the light on the snow reflecting back to literally light up his face as he stares at Steve with those deep, earnest eyes.
Impulsively, he reaches out to pull her into a hug. He expects her to humor him for a moment before playfully shoving him off like Natasha would, but she actually returns it, rubbing his back.
Tension is high as Steve watches the game from the sidelines. He can almost feel his knee flaring up in protest, even if it’s nothing more than a phantom pain. He played for the first half of the game, and they had been ahead, but now they’ve slipped under their opponents thumb within the last couple of innings. They’re at the end of the rope, bottom of the ninth, with only one player on second, and two outs already. Lang is up to bat, but Steve’s eyes are trained on their sole runner.
