Selvig spoke a little more to Dr. Erskine, then waved to the others and backed the volvo out of the driveway.
“Steve,” Tony said, smiling up at him, “you’re so beautiful. Watch the sunrise with me.”
“Let’s uh, let’s just go with Tony, shall we? Since you’ve seen me almost naked and broken into my workshop already.”
“I hear you’re mentoring the Queens kid,” Steve says when Tony calls him for his birthday. “He seems like a good kid.”
“And he looks handsome in red,” Natasha added.
“My parents are out of town this weekend, and Stevie and I are throwing a party! It’s a Halloween party, and everyone’s invited! Costumes mandatory! Or, you know, clothing optional!” He fist bumped Rhodey to punctuate.
“Shell,
“I am, actually,” Tony started to say before noticing that the question wasn’t directed toward him. He closed his mouth so quickly his teeth clacked.
When did I first know?  I feel like I’ve always known.  Ever since I knew what attraction was, I knew I wasn’t attracted to women. Not in that way.  Well… When I was in middle school, I spent a long stretch of time in the hospital. Not a big deal, and I’ve grown out of it.  But the television in the hospital kept playing this terrible television show the entire time. Maybe it was a marathon of some sort.
Steve wrapped the kitten securely in the towel, placing the whole bundle on a chair, where it purred loudly. Steeling himself, he looked up.  Tony’s left sleeve was shredded and stained most of the way up his arm. Immediately, Steve got to his feet.  “You’re hurt,” he said.
And again.
“How the hell do you know that?” Rhodey asked for him.
Steve handed him a coffee. He must have known Tony didn’t stop in the kitchen like normal.  Tony’d said once he didn’t like being handed things.  It was true, but Steve was different. “They’re fine,” Steve told him. “Back to normal.  Apparently the lady was trying to recreate the effects of an infatuation spell through science.  Good news for us, there’s a formula and some pretty good experimental notes. Not even that bad intentions, even.  She posted an open apology last night. She just wants everyone to get along better.”
Tony’s jaw dropped as his hand had a sandwich halfway to his mouth.  He snapped it closed.  Then he seemed to reconsider and took a bite of his sandwich, a strange look chasing across his face and disappearing.  “Huh, the army definitely didn’t teach you how to cook. Where’d you learn to do this? Nevermind, it doesn’t matter. Even Pepper couldn’t cook.  Did you taste this?”
“Flying,
It probably said something about their shared life experience that they all froze immediately, listening hard.
Was this how the superrich lived? A giant tumbler of scotch for lunch? “Iced tea, Ma’am,” he supplied, bewildered. “With a slice of lemon.”
“Yes, shield-brother?”
Pepper scrunched up her nose the way she did when she couldn’t puzzle something out. “I still don’t understand.”
“Damnit, Steve,” Tony began, “we don’t talk about the clones!”
Through the smooth glass, Tony watched his bike leave the garage, feeling more alone than ever.
“Sam’s house,” Rhodey said, checking his texts.  “Yeah, now.”
The lunch table rolled their eyes, undisturbed by the routine interruption.  “Nat, what are you going to be for Halloween?” Sam asked, side-eying hard.
Okay.  Steve was pissed.  Livid.  But that wasn’t going to do anyone any good.  Anger wouldn’t tell him who was behind it.  It wouldn’t tell him anything.  Maybe he should call Tony.  No, that was a dumb move.  What would he say—whoever was selling your weapons was targeting my commandos? It sounded like blame.  It sounded pathetic. No.  He had to figure it out first.  And maybe he was interpreting wrong.
Tony thought, tracing the outline of Steve’s jaw in the photo
Tony blushed a little.  Mr. Morita was the best. The nicest to him.  “I wouldn’t have any cool toys without you, Mr. Morita.  I’ll show you what I make this little baby into.  When I figure it out.”
Maybe he had time to call the French division before Happy got back to him?
“Tony?”
The front door was flung open.  Heavy footsteps came hurriedly toward the living room. Fuck, why was Obadiah back? Wanted another go at the reactor? Forgot his phone? Tony forced his eyes open, gasping. He didn’t have a lot of control, but Stane was going to have to look him in the eye. He let his eyes adjust, seeing the tall form enter the living room.
“Weird,” Tony said, glancing around.  “Do you like your room? You need new sheets, you know that?” He huffed a breath.  “Nice view, though.  Skyline looks great from this side.” He stretched. “Well.  I should get back to my own room.  Thanks for the crashpad, Rogers.”
Hammer straightened his tie, the prick. “Woah, Tony, no need to get so hostile!” He smoothed down his lapels.  “Look.  You’re friends with the new girl. She’s hot.  So…” he let his voice taper off, a thick layer of slime trailing in its wake.
He was just finishing the third optimization when his phone buzzed.  An email.  From Flying.  Tony’s body tingled in anticipation.  He didn’t even know this guy, but it was somehow, in some ways, closer than he’d gotten to nearly anyone.  This person knew he was gay, even if he didn’t know him.  This guy knew what he was going through.  He locked his door and swiped the email open.
Still.  He missed him. He missed the way that Tony ran his hands through his hair when he was in the middle of a project, leaving smudges. He missed the look Tony gave him when he brought him food in his workshop, like cooking him lunch was a work of genius and kindness that no one had ever done before.  He missed the startling way that he could break down what he was working on so that Steve could understand it, using him as a sounding board for his ideas, and listening when Steve occasionally had a suggestion.  His intensity when he was excited, the softness when he was tired. The wry wit and quick jokes. His smile.
Coulson stepped just inside the doorway.  “Come now.” Now he did grin a little.  “I brought the Lola, and she’s parked on the roof.  I don’t want to get a ticket for nothing.”
Tony was burning from the inside out.  His heart thudded painfully in his chest, the sound thrumming in his ears, the air acrid and metallic. Every cell was swelling, sparking, filled with light, exploding.  His veins ran with liquid fire.
“Shit, you made your mom’s recipe?” Sam asked, willing to overlook Hammer in favor of something better.  “Hell yeah! Chem study group is awesome! It’s been like a year since I’ve had one of my favorite chocolate chip buddies.”
Tony still didn’t emerge.
"I’ve been a little busy, you know, getting blown up.  Fighting the actual wars.  Not hiding behind lawyers, like a criminal,” the man sneered.
“Shit.  You’re right.  Jesus.  Does the rest of the world know they’re reading a gay soap opera?”
Steve hurried to the elevator, looking back as the doors closed, eyes obscuring something Tony couldn’t pinpoint.
Love, Shell”
Stern’s synthetic smile never left his face.  Maybe it had been surgically set.  Plastic surgery was common in his crowd. “Actually, I wanted to talk to your assistant.”
Fuck Hammer.  Fuck him.  Tony felt trapped.  His father
Tony sat on the couch, shirt covering the reactor, pliers back on the table. Footsteps.  Great. Not just Obie, but he brought along one of his low-life goons masquerading as security.
“Just run along, Steve.  We’ll both be up in a few minutes. And thank you, for bringing down lunch.” Pepper smiled at him and started clicking her way down the stairs toward the workshop.
-Flying”
frightened!” she called out to them, striding nimbly on top of the prone body with her stilettos on her way out.  Steve thought she maybe stepped with extra force on his sensitive bits, especially with the heels.
“I didn’t realize you were all friends of Steve’s,” Selvig said.
Rhodey shook his head, getting in the car. “That’s like the nicest kid.  I dunno what it is, maybe going to church on the regular, but he’s seriously just the nicest.  Like, you remember little Pete, on the cross country team with Sam and Steve? He transferred into our physics class like three weeks late, the wrong placement or something, and Jimmy just up and gives him copies of all his notes.  Just walks right up, says Steve was worried about the rookie on the team and pulled in a favor.  And the dude’s handwriting is like, perfect.”
Miss Potts took another look at him and slowed down a bit.  She tripped over to him in her shockingly tall stilettos.  She was almost as tall as he was in them.
“I’m sorry,” Steve murmured, voice inexpressibly gentle.
“The car guy?” Steve asked, but there was a glint in his eye. He knew exactly what he was doing.
Tony choked up a little, though he’d deny it for sure.  “No prob, Rhodey. Have a bagel.”
, Tony thought, little butterflies fluttering violently in his stomach.
And every night he went home and made dinner, using another of Coulson’s carefully curated lists. He made a cup of coffee, weak, but comforting.  Then, signing onto the café’s wifi, he checked the message board.  Sometimes Sam would post something, or a new voice would join the chat.  Sometimes there was nothing new.  He would read one of the books that Coulson had carefully chosen as fun reading—works he’d known from before, classics he’d never had the time or money to read, modern novels.
Tony considers that.  It’s bad news.  He’d thought maybe there was backup somewhere.  Nah, he’d hoped there was.  Steve Rogers functions best with a team.  They hold him back from being reckless, from putting himself in the crosshairs every goddamn time. “Healing factor,” he’d always grin, as if that meant anything against well-aimed bullets. As if Tony doesn’t—still—stop breathing when Steve gets hurt.
“You okay?” Steve asked Tony cautiously.
Tony was really going to miss Jarvis.  If he could miss people once he was dead.  If he could really miss AI when he was dead.  AI that he had created. Was that like missing himself? Could he miss himself?
Steve didn’t answer.
Steve could have cried.  He wanted.  God, he wanted, and it was the one time, the only time, that he was ever going to be able to make love with Tony, he wanted so much he couldn’t breathe with it.  But he couldn’t.  “I do, so much, I love you so much. I just. Can I just hold you tonight?”
Vice Principal Coulson was kind, but a bit of a talker.  Still, he cared about his students.
He brings the soup over to Steve, who can’t exactly feed himself in those restraints.  He spoons some up for him. “I could just take them off, you know.”
Hulk grunted.  He wasn’t really much one for words.
“What are you talking about? Who? Natasha?”
“I have this recipe from epicurious, and it said—“ Steve started.
“Definitely not for us.” Steve was smiling at him.  Tentatively maybe, but there. He brought his hand up to Tony’s face.
Tony can’t answer for a minute.  He thinks about home.  He thinks about the Avengers, about Steve. He thinks about waking up in the middle of the night, that first night, of being held close to Steve’s chest, even though he was asleep.  He remembers thinking that he finally understood what home meant.  He remembers the shield coming down through his suit, lodged in his arc reactor.  He sleeps and eats and works in the tower, but it isn’t home.  “This isn’t home,” is all he manages.
Barnes glared at him, mock-irritated, but Natasha smiled, so he was pretty sure they were in.
Steve felt slightly guilty about that, but also it rankled him, SHIELD controlling everything he did. He clicked the little icon in the corner.  He was definitely supposed to be connected to that one—SHIELDWIFI08.  Subtle.  He scanned down the list, looking for one that was unsecured. There was one.  Coffeeshop247.  That had to be the little café around the corner.  He liked it.  He’d gotten breakfast there three times already—proper bagels and coffee.  And since he’d already spent money there, he didn’t need to feel bad about using the wifi.  Perfect.
Steve thought about it. He’d woken up and battled Loki, hadn’t stopped fighting since.  Before the ice… He’d been in basic training until he’d been made a USO exhibit, and from there he’d led the Commandos.
, Steve thought.  “I. It was my fault. It was my. I asked for it.”
Steve just smiled at him. “You’re funsize, Tony,” he murmured, drawing him in, “and you taste good to me.”
“A room? Stevie, you can’t stay—“ Barnes started.
Then a screenshot of ShieldSpies, announcing that Tony was gay, blasting his emails. And trending.  Fuck.
“What’s wrong?” he asks, out of breath.
“Nope, just out cold. It’s sort of like a stun gun. I’d tell you, but it’s proprietary.”
Look, it all started a few days ago.
He left his sketchbook, pages filled with Tony, to brush his teeth thoroughly and brew coffee. When Tony lifted the blackout, he could tell him.  He could show him.
Well.  At least he didn’t seem to be having any effects from that powder.  Maybe he had just metabolized it faster than the others, but he didn’t feel any different at all.
Steve blushed again, still hiding his gaze behind those ridiculous blond eyelashes.  “No.”
Steve repeated, “No big deal. Misunderstanding.  So, what’s first on the agenda for the study session?” It was clumsy, but Pepper stepped in for him, running through her schedule she had prepared for them all.
Rhodey just smirked at him.  “You have two of them in your bedroom, Tony. You don’t need to come play at my house.”
Tony’s own brain was divided. Half of it was still ogling Steve’s gorgeous chest, his abs.  Half of it was seeing red, clearly echoing Pepper’s rage, at the purpling bruises and angry welts on Steve’s skin.  And a good 20% was kicking himself for ogling an injured friend.  So he had 120% brains, what of it?
“Is he… Is that… Has that been good for him?”
Ch4, fluff and smut
“Alas, you’ve caught me, brother,” Loki said languidly, blinking up at them from the bed. “And just when I’d gotten so… comfortable.” He looked up at Steve from under heavy eyelashes, smiling slyly. “You’re very impressive, Captain,” Loki drawled, winking at him. Steve’s blush intensified. He couldn’t help it.  He’d let that stupid kitten roam all over him while he was wearing next to nothing.  It couldn’t get any worse. Loki looked him up and down, then trailed a hand up his thigh. “Very impressive.”
“Oh, of course,” Steve said, blushing further. “I should have realized.  I didn’t mean to sound inconsiderate.” Was it inconsiderate to remind an AI that he missed a childhood?
Steve swallowed.  “Any time, Tony.”
“What the hell, Wilson?” Tony started, looking up at the door.  Jesus. Tony’s workbook fell to the floor as he trailed Sam to the double doors.  A tall cop was loading Steve into the back of a squad car while another was clearly trying to calm a visibly irate Peggy.  Tony just made it outside when Principal Fury started shooing everyone back inside, rumors churning around him.  Tony’s last glimpse before he was squished back into the hallway was Hammer on a stretcher and Gilmore Hodge sporting a black eye.
Steve took a step back, going from bright red to pale in seconds.  He was beyond embarrassed, wishing he could sink through the floor and melt into whatever wouldn’t attract attention.
Steve couldn’t settle.  He didn’t know what to do.  Eventually he went into his room and grabbed a sketchbook, his favorite. The pages were thick and smooth. They calmed him.  He started with sketches from tonight.  The way that Pepper had looked, radiant, beaming with competence and success.  Tony standing with Maya Hansen, her hand on his suit, perfect elegance in the couple.  The startled look on Stane’s face when Steve took the glass of scotch. He started filling in the lines of Stane’s face, recalling the expression of surprise. No, not just surprise.  That was… That was the look of disappointed scheming.  He knew that look from long months in the desert.  Hidden better than most, maybe, but that look covered conniving deceit. He knew.  Stane knew that Tony was an alcoholic trying to be sober.  He knew exactly what he was doing with that glass.  That asshole.  And Tony trusted him. What kind of game was he playing? He ripped out the page, scribbling a note on the back.  Maybe he could get it to Tony anyway.  Somehow.
“So, you do want this to go in the hallway?”
According to Peggy Carter, Hammer and Hodge had cornered her in the art room.  They’d started groping her and she punched Hodge, giving him that glorious black eye and chipping the polish on her thumb. They’d gotten her arms behind her when Steve had walked in, seen what was going on, and thrown his palette (Tony’s palette!) at them.  It had knocked Hammer out, and Hodge, true to his nature, fled.
The movie went off without a hitch. It was a good adventure, plenty of teamwork. Steve liked it, which he knew pleased Tony. Han Solo sort of reminded him of Tony, actually, always covering up the softie inside with bravado and roguish charm.  Steve snuck glances toward Tony just to check, just to make sure, during some of the open space scenes.  Tony caught him looking, and just smiled.
“Can’t blame h—him,” Tony caught himself at the last minute.  They would make a cute couple though.  Have gorgeous, sparkly-eyed babies.  “Does Pep want us to head over now? To her place?”
Coulson had dropped a plate on his way into Steve’s office in that first week and Steve had upended his desk and dragged Coulson behind it before he realized the crash was just broken ceramic.  He was dangerous.  He understood.
“No,” Tony said. “No, no, no.  I’ve told you a million times.  We pretend that one doesn’t exist!”
Flying”
“That one’s mine.” Natasha grinned, lowering her weapon. Stane couldn’t really run.
“I don’t know if interview is the right term, unless interview is what all the kids are calling doing the dirty these days.”
“You’re supposed to help him get with me, until you can move out.” She summed it up quickly.
“The Colonel and Miss Potts,” Barnes called, swinging down from an alcove in the wall, however the hell he’d managed to get up there in the first place. “They just pulled in.”
“Yeah, I’m going to have to stop you right there, Rogers. I’m too old for your goddamn lectures.” Stark’s mouth held a tight line as he spun on his heel.
Still, “Pep, what’ s a palette? Is it that funny board thing Steve uses for the paint?”
Tony slipped his heavy card down onto the bill, winking at the waitress when she picked it up.  “Miss, can you get us an extra set of enchiladas with the works, and a salad to go? Thanks.” He didn’t think Steve had made dinner. He sent a quick text to let him know he’d picked something up for him.
“Sorry, I’m babbling—I saw a motorcycle earlier today and it just, my brain, it takes off with me sometimes. What are we studying? Hey, Pep, don’t glare at me, I was paying attention, I swear, just until the last minute!” Tony held up his hands defensively.  Steve was also giving him a look, probably for referencing Brock’s dumbass motorcycle. Tony looked over his notes with guilty intensity. Damn.  It wasn’t him.
Steve picked up his golf ball and tossed it lightly into the return bin.  “Nope. Missed my chance, never came back. Not until now.”
Right. Whatever Stern wanted, he couldn’t have it. Not from Steve. The thought of the man touching Steve made him sick.
The pause this time is short. “Do you remember being fifteen?” Steve asks.
“Did you give him a microchute? If he’s slinging around New York, he should probably have a microchute.”
Um, upped the rating to M?
“Yep.” Jesus.
Steve came out of the house in a long-sleeved Henley, although a shirt couldn’t exactly cover the puffy nick by his left cheekbone.
“Oh, I’m so sorry, I thought this was the bathroom,” Tony heard himself say. “Carry on, no glove no—"
Steve couldn’t help himself. “I always like looking at you.”
Tony closed the door.  “Where is this going?” Sending Steve away had been painful the first time. How could he do it again?
“Keep an eye on Steve’s phone and any contact with Stern.  If Stern tries anything, I need to know.”
No, that he already knew. But he wasn’t like other people either, happy in a crowd, milling aimlessly, talking with everyone. He already had his heart set, he was already losing in a game that Tony literally had no idea existed, let alone that he was winning.  Pure misery shot through his body for a moment, rooting him to the floor.
Tony shot a sidelong glance at Pepper who chewed the end of her pen a bit guiltily. Clearly she already knew about Morita’s mom. Tony wasn’t sure why Pepper had to feel so guilty—it’s not like the interviews had been her idea.
And it would be unfair of me to ask, given that. So instead, who was your favorite superhero growing up? And when did you know you were gay?
Tony hung up on his call to Pepper, confident Batroc would be taken care of.  So, Rogers was maybe more than just a pretty face. And plush lips. And broad shoulders. And great ass. Maybe.  Well, maybe he’d actually be helpful, rather than just eye candy.  No reason Tony couldn’t have both, after all.  Seems like Barnes breaking into the house was possibly not the worst thing that had happened to him this week.  Certainly not any worse than the latest round of articles on him. Sure, some of them did report on the SI France deal, and the zika vaccine prototype SI had developed.  But most of them were still harping on the weapons that ended up in enemy hands.  And Tony was trying to find them—he was.  He got Obie to work on them right away, told him to take whatever part of financial and legal to find how the weapons got away from the company in the first place.  Obie would get to the bottom of it.  Tony relied on him, and Obie always pulled through. Always had an eye on the company.
“Sir created prototypes of me when he was quite young.  In fact, he made the original designs when he was in his early twenties, just after his family died.”
This guy liked Batman.  Batman was awesome.  He had all the toys, made all the tech.  Actually, the rappelling rope from his belt was the inspiration for one of the Dum-E’s upgrades, making sure he could get from point-A to point-B in the beginning. He’d used it on the robotics team, too, for guidance.
Sam gave Tony a drone he’d built, but he also gave him free reign to “upgrade the hell out of it” without being offended.  He said that was the real gift.
“Here’s the thing, Cap,” Tony started, “you can stay if you want. But I don’t sleep the night through. And I might wake you up. And I twitch. A lot.  Pep couldn’t stand it.  Also, that one time, one of the armors tried to kill her—not her fault, not at all, so I’m sort of a health hazard. Not that you don’t know about health hazards, especially what with that killer caterpillars we just faced down, but what I’m saying is, you take your life in your hands with me.”
—he looked up.
“It’s um, it’s my…” Steve trailed off uncertainly.
This was the wrong time to get all flustered by that kind of a move, but damn, that was hot.
Tony was still marveling at his creation, basking in—pride wasn’t quite the word he was looking for, except that it was.  He’d made this.  It was going to save his life.
Don’t get me wrong.  I know how lucky I am.  We go to a great school. I’ve got a great future. I have a house, and food, and clothes, and money, and a new phone, and a computer… I’ve got it all.  I’m lucky. I am.
Tony’s phone started blowing up, but it wasn’t email.  Pepper.  Rhodey.  Natasha.  Sam.  Howard.  Howard. Howard. Pepper. Rhodey. Howard.  Pepper. Pepper. Pepper.
So… Nat, I’ll pick you up?
“Nope.”
“Which branch were you in?”
“Christ, Nat.  That was fucking heroic.”
Tony could hear the frantic thread in his voice, the pleading.  He remembered the blown out, drained, lonely look on Steve’s face when he’d brought him water. He’d been devastated, guilty, those events weighed on him, preyed on him.
.  He grabbed his bag, got on his motorcycle, and left the city.
“And we know you’re just going to fall into your old ways! You’ll get one taste of alcohol or a new and shiny toy, and we know you’re going to be just like before. I was only trying to do right by your father, Tony, to make him proud!” There was a very loud
Well.  He could do that. Cryptic, but he could definitely make a plan.
Nat made a skeptical sounding noise. “Steve was a cute kid,” she said, noticing one of the photos in the hallway.  She left Tony standing there, slipping into the bathroom.
Steve cleaned the kitchen before filling out the forms.  Washing dishes was also meditative.  Calming.  He washed everything, dried it carefully, and put it away.  Jarvis mentioned they had a dishwasher, but Steve just thanked him, and said he didn’t mind.  That he found it relaxing.  He ended up snacking on some of the bits and pieces left over from Mr. Stark’s sandwich, and a handful of chips.  But he didn’t feel right eating all of Mr. Stark’s food.  Not that he thought Mr. Stark would add it to his bill or anything, but the whole arrangement was a little odd.  Besides, he didn’t want to waste the ends and odd bits.  That’s just how he was raised.
Steve turned away from Tony, looked at the image.  Proof of his guilt. Of his love.  Same thing. He forced out a reply. “Yes.”
“Oh jeez, Buck; what have you done?” the voice asked.  Tony could hear the engine of a bike shut off through the phone, then the heavy tread of footsteps.  Ugh.  A Neanderthal.  Tony could just picture a great, hulking brute, tattooed and bearded, leather vest… He did not have time for this.  The line went dead, just in time for Tony’s doorbell to ring.
Jimmy seemed like he couldn’t help it.  “I just got early acceptance.  To Columbia.  With a scholarship and work study.  It’s close enough I can commute, and my dad isn’t going to have to pay anything.  I’m just… I’m so damn happy.”
He sent off a text to Natasha: “Let’s get out of this game sooner. Not an emergency, but ASAP.” It was innocuous enough that she could play it off in a number of different ways if someone else saw it, but she’d know exactly what he meant.
Wait, what? “Chicken fingers? Tofu? What the hell, Steve?”
Tony’s heart ached for him.  “Steve. You know I’d do anything for you.”
“Why did it have to be you?” Phillips would ask, disgusted, becoming Schmidt, becoming Bucky, while Steve’s body gradually turned to ice, surrendered to the chill of the Atlantic. “Why did it have to be you?”
The arc reactor.  It was perfect.
Ch3, angst and fluff and smut.
Footsteps.
To:  A-Team
Steve blushed, then coughed, embarrassed.  “Look, Mr. Stark--”
Tony could almost fill this one in on his own.  Brock swung at the kid, and so of course, Steve decided to get in the way of that punch.  Jesus.  Brock was part of the football team, and he spent most of his free time in the weight room.  Steve was lucky he didn’t look worse at this point, jumping in unprepared.
“Shell, I don’t know much about football. Is going to games important to you? I’ve been to a few of our games, but mostly just to hang out with friends.  I guess it’s good for that aspect?
Steve's face tries not to crumple, like he’s sad, like he doesn’t measure up, like he's trying not to admit it. Tony rewinds the scene in his head.  Oh.
To:  A-Team
Goddamnit, guys!
He laughed, throwing a baseball cap at her.  “Who’s going to come with me, you? I think you’re still on the active duty roster, Romanoff.”
“Okay. Well.  Now you’ve got me. And you’re going to be okay. We’ll make sure of it.”
, it's sort of a lawyer show, but more like a soap opera.  But her boyfriend on the show… Larry Paul.  He was so smart, and really good looking.  I know it’s kind of lame, and most of my friends seem to crush on people closer to their own age, but there was just something about him. He used to make her breakfast in bed, and I just thought that was… So sweet and domestic, you know? In a good way.
No, he hadn’t. He didn’t think it mattered.  Tony pulls up the information quickly. “Son of a bitch. Of course he is.  But that quiz wasn’t my fault, Rogers.”
“Modest, too, hm? You develop a plan of attack that involved playing dumb?” Tony’s tone was curious, rather than sharp.
“I might forget, Tony,” Steve confided, his face perfectly straight.  “You’d better come to movie night to make sure I don’t start with the wrong one.”
Tony picked up Steve’s belt, wrapping it around his waist and fastening it securely.
“I’d rather keep them on,” Steve says, voice thin but returning.
“I ain’t ugly, you ass,” Bucky said, swiping at him.  He paused.  “Did you say she got me back in?”
Flying he’d probably think Tony was trying to force his hand by asking that kind of question in public.  Cookies?  Pieter and Steve both baked, but not that many guys did. Chess?  Again…
Tony thinks of the same morning, of Steve’s heavy thigh resting over his. He remembers thinking he’d never wanted to stay before.  He can picture Steve’s eyes, hopeful, so tentative. He swallows hard, throat suddenly aching.
“Of course, Mr. Rogers,” the AI replied.
“Yeah.”
“It’s an Alfa Romeo, Tony, it probably leaked on him,” Steve said, mildly. “Everybody knows the Italians leak a lot.” He heard how it sounded just after he said it and looked down, feeling his face flame. He bent close to the kitten, working to dry off his tiny paws.  Tony didn’t say anything, and Steve couldn’t bring himself to glance up to see what his face looked like.
Steve set down his notes as the others filtered in.  Hulk was still Hulked out, which was a little strange.  It was very strange, actually. If Steve metabolized the powder, Hulk should have by now, too. They were almost always at the same metabolic rate.  Funny the things you learn, working on this team, Tony thought.  Weirder still, Hulk seemed to have made red velvet cupcakes with yellow frosting, which he placed in front of Tony with a grunt. Natasha came in just behind him wearing what could euphemistically be described as a dress.  She ran a hand over Tony’s shoulder as she walked by him, winking.  Tony shrank back a little into his chair.  Steve saw the interaction and frowned, so Tony sat up a little straighter.  He didn’t want Steve to think he was going to be bad for group morale, he just didn’t know what Natasha was playing at. Finally Thor swept into the room, tossing his hair back over his shoulder.
Tony took a left on Peach Street, heading toward Sam’s.  “How is Sam’s house the new hangout?” he wondered out loud.
He turned the television back to CNN, watching in a daze as the news cycle picked up Tony’s story instead, then shifted to talking about “today’s teens” and if there were major psychological problems with them.  His email stayed empty.  At three am, he went to bed.
Tony, it’s like fifty feet from your front door to theirs. I’ve literally walked it before when I had to return that water bottle to Pieter.  It took less than a minute.
When Tony showed up to pick up Steve for the finals study group session, Rhodey and Pepper in tow, the door was already open. And there was a familiar silver volvo next to Peggy’s bicycle.   What the hell was going on?
Was this what love felt like? The flutters and the hope and the intense feeling that good things could happen? Tony smiled as he flopped back in bed.  His parents had gone to Mallorca for Thanksgiving, so he’d be on his own. He was inspired.  Fuck it.  If this was what love felt like, he wanted to share.  He ran down and talked to Jarvis, then started a group text.
Tony burst out laughing. “And they call
Oooh, that was really going to hurt.
“What he says, anyway. I’ve never been all that into it.”
Tony squinted at the file Rhodey produced.  “I don’t recognize that, but it also doesn’t look like my tenure.  That’s more Howard’s design, but… This little squiggly thing… Can I have this?”
Pepper grimaced.  “Fury thought it would be a ‘cute’ idea if the yearbook did interviews on students who had lost parents—how they thought their parents would feel about them graduating. It was scrapped, obviously.”
“Steve.”
Bucky looked surprised.  “You didn’t go for him? I thought you’d think he was cute, all brainy and shit. Otherwise I wouldn’t’ve left you there in the first place, paying for that stupid rose thing or not.”
Tony tried to keep his hope up.  There were still eleven minutes.  But he’d been there for an hour.  Flying wasn’t coming.  Whatever he wanted, turns out it wasn’t Tony.  Tony felt like his whole body was shutting down, slowly solidifying.  He wanted to become a part of the landscape, one of those replica Japanese lanterns, or a tree.  Misery knotted in his stomach.  He put his head down on his knees.  Tomorrow he would tell himself that it was still worth it, that he was out, on his own, that he had his own assets, that he had great friends.  Tomorrow he would tell himself that he stood up for what he wanted, that he put his heart on the line, he was brave.  Tomorrow.  He could do that tomorrow.  He took a deep breath, getting ready to stand, to leave this place, this place where Flying came when he was feeling happy, or sad, or when he just wanted to feel like he had a place in the world.  And Tony was the intruder, really.  Time to vacate the premises, give it back to its rightful owners.
Natasha looked at Bucky sternly, then put her hands over his ears, a funny expression on her face. “Steve,” she started.
(Mod)Wilson: Mel’s right.  Glad to have you. We’ve all got the same problems here.  Guilt, regret.  We’re listening.
“A what? Sorry, Tony. Moto Guzzi is a scooter, right?” Jimmy asked, trying to follow.
“Good, no ticket,” Coulson said, completely level.
“Bruce would have liked the bunny!” Tony insisted. “He would have appreciated it!”
“I’ve never played mini golf,” Steve admitted, trying to avoid the thought of dancing with Tony—pressing against him, feeling the rough scrape of his goatee against his cheek, being able to splay his hands over the muscles of Tony’s back, feeling them flex and shiver—who’d sat down on the bed to place the crackers within reach.
Tony resisted the urge to bang his head on the steering wheel again. “It’s so not fair to you, though. What if you want to date someone? Not to mention you’d have to be in Hammer’s presence again and the slimebucket gives me the creeps just by existing!”
“Tony, I’m sorry,” Steve says.
“No, Captain.  In complete blackout mode, no one has access. No one has anything.”
He sighed and stretched, arching his back to relieve the stress. “Look, Pepper has some paperwork to sign, Happy’s got some sort of background check forms, just indulge him, it makes it easier for everyone, and don’t let him bully you, not that he could with all that,” he flapped his hands toward Steve again. “And then I need someone to call the French division of SI and see where the negotiations are for the new StarkPhone, so I guess that means you.  Don’t worry, you don’t need to speak French. Just get the update.  Make sure you talk with both the SI leads and also with the French telecom authority.  I’d like to get that done within a week, but if they say two, we can live with it.  I’m pretty sure that’s what Pepper said, anyway. Alright, Rogers.  Thanks for lunch. I can’t remember when I had lunch last.
“Whose car is that?” Pepper asked.  “It looks familiar, doesn’t it?”
Natasha glanced at Peggy. Whoever it was, he was going to need cover to get out of the dance.  She jerked her head toward Clint, and she and Peggy advanced on him rapidly.
The hired gun moved, aiming at Tony, as Obie pulled a small capsule-shaped disc out of his pocket.
“Bucky, you didn’t even do the asking—“
“I know. I’ve never been so patient in my life. Hey, you did a whole PSA about that, too, about waiting for something,” he says as the thought occurs to him. He’s not running his brain-to-mouth filter today, obviously, or he wouldn't have admitted how keyed up he'd been, waiting for the jet to land.
in Tony’s “Netflix recommends” list and demanded that they watch it immediately, since it was a completely awesome and underrated movie, and high-fived Bruce and Steve when they said they’d seen it too, even if Bruce felt that there were some major scientific inaccuracies.
Tony looked down at Steve, affronted.
“Ugh.” That was a boner killer. “Those snooty bastards have been jerking us around for weeks.  What is it now?”
“Bruce, help me out here,” Tony pleaded
Natasha’s eyes never left his.
Tony chuckled.  “He didn’t.  I noticed one night.  You came downstairs, just a pair of sweats on, saw I was still working, and disappeared.  You showed up an hour later, too.  After that, it was almost like I wanted to keep working so I could keep getting haunted by the ghost of Christmas Sexy.”
Desperate, he sent one last email.
Tony turned off his other screens. Fury rose from his desk, imposing, the vengeful dour face of puissance and intimidation.  He walked around the desk, clearly trying to get Steve to back down, the leather coat swirling around his boots.
“That’s not good,” Steve said.
The conversation was awkward, especially considering Peter wasn’t giving answers beyond awkward groans, making Tony unsure if Peter was really understanding what was being said to him. Getting out the heat supplies was more than awkward, particularly when he had to get out the toys and explain what they were and how to use them. Worse was helping Peter get undressed. Hoping that the kid was too out of it to remember what was going on was what Tony was relying on, but once Peter was settled, he felt pretty accomplished and went to go find Steve.
“Huh?” Steve said, before realizing, “Oh Bucky! He’s okay really, but he’s adjusting. Still wants to be alone most of the time.” When they’d found his best friend, Steve had been overjoyed. To think, he had everything that really mattered to him in this new world, some new like Tony and the avengers, but the one person he missed the most, coming back from the dead seemed too good to be true. Really, it was. Bucky’s memory was getting better, but with that came the guilt and remorse. Tony was trying really hard to be hospitable, giving Bucky his own floor in the tower, offering to fix his metal arm – which Bucky declined – and offering to set him up with a therapist – which Bucky, rudely, declined. He tried to explain to Tony that it was just Bucky adjusting, but it was too late. His mate’s feelings were hurt and his generosity insulted, making Bucky and Tony’s relationship tense at best. It didn’t help that Steve also had left right after they mated because Shield had finally tracked down his best friend’s location for real that time. He knew it was wrong to leave when newly mated, but when he asked, Tony had said it was okay. Steve insisted that they would take their honeymoon once Bucky was back, and was comfortable being left in the tower alone for a longer span of time and that seemed to cheer Tony’s spirits slightly before Steve left for two weeks. It was six months after that and they still hadn’t taken a real honeymoon yet. Damn, I should get on that. I’m being a bad mate.
“Have they checked the woods for survivors?” he asked.
“Maybe if you put on the tights, then you could try and convince me.” Tony smirked under him.
“You’ll be sucking each other’s faces off and fu-“
Steve hurriedly stepped out of the room, already pulling out his phone to dial Tony’s number. He found the first private room that he could and pushed his way in as the phone rang. Fortunately, Tony picked up on the third ring.
“Besides,” Steve laughed, “if I stay, Peter might try to become my omega.” Tony growled at the mere thought of anyone getting near his Steve. “I’m gonna go. See you soon?”
“I love you,” Steve reminded Tony.
Something almost like a smile crossed her lips. “Right,” she said.
“I think you need to get out of the house more.”
The ride up there wasn’t long, and before Clint could, Natasha took control of the radio – wait they didn’t call it that anymore – nonetheless, he was grateful as Clint usually played music gave Steve a headache. He was still working on appreciating modern music. Tony thought it would be best if they started where he left and kept going through the decades from there, so far, he was in the sixty’s which he was thoroughly enjoying. Natasha, however, was playing light classical music. Geez, I’m not that old, Steve thought stubbornly and noticed Clint rolling his eyes and switching off his hearing aids at her choice of music. He would have preferred some of the music he and Tony were currently listening to at home like The Beatles, or The Temptations, or his favorite, much to Tony’s surprise and fascination, CCR. Fortunately, the ride was short enough that the classical music didn’t get on his nerves like sometimes it did.
“I’m sure it is, and I’m sure that I couldn’t even begin to understand half of what you do down there, but you’re always down there, alone.”
“It’s my fault, kid. I uh, surprised Tony coming home early and all,” Steve explained.
“I have Jarvis,” he said defensively. Perhaps, Steve had struck a nerve.
“Yeah,” Peter muttered.
“Shower first.”
Subconsciously, Tony felt himself rubbing his forehead where the scar from that night was. It had been many years and his eyebrow covered most of it, but they're still a small faded line of skin raised beside his right eyebrow.
“Oh, I didn’t have any,” Peter explained.
Steve turned suddenly. Tony had caught him, off guard and red-handed. Tony had to admit that there was a part of him that couldn’t help but think that Steve looked way too hot for his own good with – or as Steve called them before he was told that’s not what that word means anymore, a fag – between his lips. Something about it was just so deliciously human when Captain America, the almighty, had vices just like everyone else. It made Tony fantasize about Steve with shaggy hair and a rumbled army uniform, like the vets he’d seen when he was a kid and Howard took him to the army bases where he worked coming home from Vietnam, angry at the world and smoking a cigarette like their life depended on them. They were terrible memories,
“You’re right,” Steve laughed and gave Tony a peck on the lips.
“And then you’re going to pound me into that mattress so hard that I won’t be able to see straight.”
“You don’t go anywhere outside of Queens or the tower without letting me know,” Tony went on.
“Amazing,” Steve said and held his mate steady against him. “Oh, I brought you something,” he said while pulling out the tube of dirt.
“Oh my god that’s so much pressure,” Peter complained.
“Should’ve known it wasn’t you when I didn’t react right away.”
“He was just supposed to be going over for dinner I swear,” she muttered.
Steve hung up and sat for a moment. He hated seeing Tony like this. The past two months since they started trying had been harder on him than Steve – or really anyone – had anticipated. At first, he hadn’t really even been sure if Tony was fully on board with the idea of a child. After the way he’d been treated in his own childhood, he expected more hesitancy from his mate – expecting at the very least a longer conversation. Steve had been working the courage to bring it up the topic for weeks, but surprisingly, Tony was in support of it, wanting to separate himself from his father – break the cycle. Tony, being Tony though, started viewing getting pregnant as another project which he couldn’t rest until he saw it to completion.
“Good call,” Tony assured him. “Now, real quick, I’ve got a problem.”
There was a long pause, and for a moment, Steve thought she hung up. Then she said, “and, Tony, take care of yourself.”
“That’s awful,” Steve blurted before he could stop himself, and his mind began to swirl with possibilities. All he could picture was some poor guy, overtired and hungry, but didn’t have someone to bring him some food or distract him from his work with distracting questions, or tell him it was time for bed. No one to lure him out of the lab with sweet kisses and the promise of a warm nest. Just in there, all alone... Time to call Tony. Steve realized that his friends were staring at him – most likely because he never had such a passionate reaction to a potential mission. “I uh, I gotta call Tony,” he said as if that was some kind of explanation. Based on the way the two looked at each other it did seem to be a satisfactory explanation.
“I know,” he whined, “but I can’t do this.”
“But you always wait until, you know, I ask for more...”
“Uhh... no thank you,” Peter mumbled.
Not bothering to knock, he opened the door to find the two already looking at the screen in of a desktop computer and in deep thought. “Hey guys,” he greeted.
Knowing he’s the only one I don’t mind handing me thing is giving him too much satisfaction, Tony thought.
“No no no! He’s okay-“
“Just tell me straight, Tony. I swear-“
“Oh yeah, I’m good, thanks for asking how about you?” Steve said with a smile, shutting the door behind him.
Steve took a slow sip of coffee, swallowed, and then took a deep, thoughtful breath. Tony could already feel what was coming next, and oh boy, did he not want to hear it. About how he “had to be patient” and “Tony we’ve only been trying for two months” and “too much pressure on yourself” and -
“We can watch a movie tonight,” he suggested, wanting to spend some more family time together.
“Clint!” Natasha snapped. Clint bowed his head in shame.
“I don’t know. Just something to think about for right now. I gotta go help Natasha and Clint with some stuff at Shield,” Steve said and then placed a kiss on Tony’s forehead. “I love you, and I’ll see you tonight.”
“Doesn’t sound like a very reliable system,” she said with a far off look in her eyes. If it was anyone other than Natasha, he’d take offense to the remark.
“Oh right. Doesn’t this seem a little under shield’s pay grade to be investigating?”
“Listen, love, I gotta go, but I’ll see you tonight. Maybe we can talk with Peter about ideas for you know that thing we talked about this morning.”
“Okay.”
seeing the ones with missing limbs and the ones who used way too foul language around his little kid ears, describing exactly what the phrase war is hell really meant. To Tony, that’s what being a soldier always meant to him, broken by a world that people who were far too good for all that dirty fighting told them it was their job to fix. Maybe that’s why he and Steve worked out because he never saw him as a hero but as a human.
“Yeah, but I was no good at it, so I left the sales to pretty little things in tights.”
Tony was truly at a loss for words. Peter couldn’t even talk to him when he was sitting right next to him, but all things considered, that’s normal behavior for an omega in heat. Even when was cuddling Steve at the beginning of his heat, he was fairly nonverbal. Maybe it was because May didn’t have a heat, but still, he thought people knew about those kinds of things. He found himself sputtering for words, panic taking hold, and cold fear run like ice down his spine when he felt the phone being taken. Looking behind him he saw Steve standing there still dry but with a towel wrapped around his hips. He’s been here the whole time.
“If you take this on-“
“It’s okay,” Tony said, smiling a little and deciding it was time to suck it up. Smell or no smell, his mate had been through a lot tonight. He wasn’t sure exactly what it was like to have a small horny teen grind all over him, but he was pretty sure it would be traumatizing. He ran in for a hug.
“What do you mean?”
“I think he’ll be okay,” Tony mumbled into Steve’s soft cotton shirt.
“You’re bad.”
He sighed, “Tony’s been having... he’s well... I’m worried about him.”
Today though Tony sat on the edge of the bed, sad and anxious holding the stick of plastic in his hand which he held out to his mate. Another negative pregnancy test. He had snuck out of bed to go take it while Steve brewed the coffee, and maybe, just maybe, he could finally give him a positive one, but it had been dumb to hope.
“Goodbye, guys, and uh, Clint,” he said, getting his attention away from rubbing his ribs, “I will.”
Enter Steve Rogers. God Tony wanted to hate him so badly, and he put up his best effort of making a show of hating him too, disagreeing with everything he said, arguing publicly, making fun of him whenever given the chance. The nice side of Tony, that had a bigger heart than he liked to admit, felt bad about it. After all, it wasn’t Steve’s fault that he associated him with Howard, who’s only kind words that weren’t contrived for the media were about Captain America and the Howling Commandos, but the defensive side, the kid inside him who’s head was still cracked open with blood dripping into his eye from Howard slamming his head on the granite countertop after a late night of drinking, wanted nothing to do with anything even remotely related to his father.
Cap: A friend told me to ask myself if I respected that person, and if so, to respect and honor their decisions.  Give their sacrifice dignity.  Because that person believed in you. That you were worth saving.  Don’t know if it will help.
“Everything okay, Cap?”
“I’m working on it.  Just, stay hidden for a while.  Please.” The night is so silent he feels like his words carry, even though he’s speaking quietly.
He follows him, maybe a month later.  Steve has this little battle well in hand, so Tony merely tags along, in the shadows.  After Steve hits the last killer robot squarely in the what’s-probably-a-head, he turns halfway toward Tony.
“Uh, Merchant of Death here.  You know, you two should really read up more on recent events, you know?”
So. A username. Dinosaur? Relic? Leftover? Now he was being macabre.
Tabloids. Drugs, alcohol. Scandals.
Steve turned, giving him that look, the one that was both disapproval and amused tolerance all at once.  “I left him with Natasha.  She has a brush.”
P.S. She just means to think of a new way to understand or analyze one of the plays.  Like how
“That’s the…?”
He never blamed Steve. Not ever. Not even when he should have.
That’s actually not a bad idea. Bouncehouse should be able to say more than churro.
Bucky sniffed himself and gagged again.  He stalked off to the bathroom, grumbling under his breath. As Bucky showered, washing the night and misery off his skin, Steve wished he could have done the same.  Cleansed himself of the last few days, started over.  It didn’t matter.  He sat down at the table, pulling Bucky’s tablet toward him and got to work translating.  Raza appeared to be based somewhere just outside Jalalabad.  Probably a little to the north, based on his Tajik. From what Steve could put together (thank you, Google), Raza was going to get a test batch of weapons to help with eliminating the specialized unit—some sort of retrieval unit?  After that, if everything went according to plan, they could go for the real target.
Tony swatted his ass fondly. “You like them funsize, huh, Cap?” he joked, thinking about how to fold a parachute down small enough that it wouldn’t inhibit her movement.
Tony had recent experience with the military himself.  Owed a lot to the men and women in uniform.  Got a lot of them killed.  He could feel the suffocating heat of the desert, the stifling sand, the air that burned and exploded around him.  He tasted blood, sharp and metallic.  The humdrum vee.  How had he been so arrogant? He desperately wanted a drink for a second, like his lungs wanted air, instinctive, pressing, and sharp. But no, he didn’t do that anymore.  That’s what he owed them.  That’s what he owed Yinsen.  He shook his head once, to clear it. Blondie misinterpreted.
Steve, do not text them for him. He’s a big boy. He’s learning new skills.
“You name it.  Really. I was sick all the time.”
“Look, Steve,” he says, trying to figure out how to take it back. Steve was Captain America long before that term existed. He’s also more than the shield.  More than the uniform.
“Yeah, Rogers.  I’m fine.  It doesn’t really look like that, you know?”
Steve ended up at the cell that held Njorun, the goddess of dreams.  She smiled at him, gently, golden hair flowing down her back in a shimmering river, as he opened the door for her.
Tony felt a little shiver run down his spine.
“Just once!” Tony insisted.
Steve knew Star Wars was one of Tony’s favorite movies.  “Iconic,” he’d called it. “Formative.”  Still, it was also about space, and Tony’d had an up-close encounter not too long ago.  Normally, Steve sat next to Tony on the couch, but that seat was obviously occupied, and Steve figured he was actually better off in the armchair, where he could keep an eye on Tony more discreetly.  Distract him if he started looking peaky, or just shut the whole thing down entirely.  He could always claim to be too overwhelmed by the special effects, play up the old-guy thing. He could usually still get away with that.
... That had probably been Tony’s way of implying that he knew about Steve’s crush.  That he was fine with him liking men, but to set his affections elsewhere. Polite. Accepting.  But ultimately an implicit reminder that there were other women and men he should consider instead. One of those fish-in-the-sea things.
“Send him over.  I’m home all day, you know where I live. Will that be all, Miss Potts?”
Sleep didn’t come easily. He tossed and turned, trying to find peace.  He had too much on his mind, anyway.  Around 10:30, he finally gave up.  Steve laced up his running shoes, popped in earbuds, and headed out.  He didn’t have a destination in mind, and he was fine with that.  He just ran.
Steve snuggled back into him. Tony waited.
Tony wasn’t at all what he had thought. He wasn’t like Howard, he wasn’t like the magazines portrayed him to be—callous and selfish.  Steve knew that now.  Tony was generous to a fault, probably more brilliant than Howard had been, and Howard had literally cured Steve of a multitude of maladies. But Tony’s genius was tempered by his humanity, his compassion. He was warm and kind. His work would help millions of people.  Howard had wanted a medical experiment and treated Steve like a guinea pig.  Tony would never do that. He brought Steve a glass of water when he was having nightmares, took him mini golfing, teased him about his shitty taste in baseball teams.  Maybe it was being held in Afghanistan that made him so empathetic. Steve’d seen the reports.  He knew what the arc reactor did, on a basic level—after all, Tony had given him access to everything in SI.  He knew it helped him with the shrapnel that still threatened his heart. Did it hurt? Was he in constant pain? Anxiety, metallic and bitter, flooded his mouth, pulsing through his veins.
Hulk handed Tony a sunflower, roots still intact.
Tony couldn’t stop smiling as he read it.  Steve Rogers thought Tony was the best part of his day.
“Miss Winfrey does not have a television show at this time, sir,” Jarvis replied primly.
Tony jumped in for him. “Thor, I appreciate the offer, but Steve and I are gonna pick up Thai for the team so we can have it during movie night.”
Steve shot a quick smile at Tony, pulling him up.
In the steaming shower, he couldn’t help but think about Tony.  His mile-a-minute mind, that brilliant smile, an ass that featured heavily in Steve’s dreams.  The way he had let Steve take care of him today. Steve loved everything about him.  He wanted to be able to touch him, strip him slowly, run his tongue all over him, find out what made him moan. He wanted to be the one to do that to him, make him lose his mind until all he could feel was Steve.  He gasped out Tony’s name, panted for a moment, then cleaned himself up quickly.
“Shit, Steve, Obie’s coming back, he’s here to find my body; he has some sort of weapon, like a sonically powered taser or something, it paralyzed me.” They didn’t have any time, the footsteps were almost in the room.
“I don’t think that’s what you saw, Bucky.  He was just tired that day. He’d had a long night and she was being very rude, she doesn’t understand that he’s a really good person, that he tries so hard to make everyone’s lives better. And I just…”
He was only halfway through the stack when he was summoned to the therapist.
Steve almost laughed.  Coulson was a good guy, he was pretty sure.  Pretty sure.  He’d been wrong about people before.  Wrong to trust them apparently. Wrong about their core character.  “Okay.” He turned and put his coffee cup in the sink, rinsing it briefly.  Then he turned to the little coffee maker, looked Coulson directly in the eye, and turned it off.
yeah, went with pieter instead of traditional pietro.  sorry.
I love your feedback. And thanks.
He wants to punch Steve in his stupid inconsiderate face.  Instead he takes off, the suit guiding him to the tower.  Steve stays where he is, on the ground, watches him go.
Obie was screaming, clutching his fingers. Natasha moved closer, weapon trained on him, as she kicked the taser and the thug’s gun toward Tony. “Don’t be such a baby,” she said coldly.
Steve looked pointedly around the room, the cops finishing up, Pepper, Rhodey. Then he smiled faintly. “I’m all in, Tony. But… I can wait.”
She was a goddess, so it was no surprise she could see through him, Steve supposed.  Surely she knew exactly what he wished for, what he wanted so desperately he ached with it.  “I.  Is it temporary?” He switched off the comm.
This morning, Pepper had forwarded him a story that was published overnight, alleging that Tony Stark had sold weapons to three Russian supermodels when he had a sordid orgy with them that night.  It was obvious garbage.  Not that Tony couldn’t get a supermodel to come home with him, if he wanted—the more Steve was around him, the more he couldn’t help notice how attractive and charismatic Tony was—but he’d been working all night, finally dropping onto a couch in his workshop, fluffy hair a mess, around 3am.  In fact, Tony hadn’t spent a night out, or brought anyone home, since Steve had started working there. Steve knew, because he’d started waking up to check on Tony every hour.  It was routine, now.  It left him a little tired, but he couldn’t help it.  If he went to sleep before Tony, he’d try to sleep through the night, but he’d wake up on the hour, unable to get back to sleep until he checked on him.  It was a holdover from the army, he knew, totally irrational.  But that impulse to make sure that his people were still there was ingrained habit, now.  The only difference was that now, apparently, Tony was one of his people.  He’d always been a mother hen.  Bucky’d teased him about it mercilessly, calling the Commandos “Steve’s ducklings.”  But he couldn’t help it.  He couldn’t allow himself to lose someone.
“Don’t worry about it, Tony.  I’ll get it.  You always do,” Steve told him.  He went downstairs and brought back dinner, setting it on the coffee table with a stack of paper plates.  Then he went to the kitchen and got a pack of rootbeer, placing it so Tony could reach it easily. While Steve situated himself in the available armchair, Thor stripped off his shirt, claiming the garment interfered with his enjoyment of watching films. Natasha rolled her eyes.
“Is that—Steve, you’ve got…” Tony motioned toward his eyebrow, which was flecked with blue.
“Of course, Tony. I’m looking forward to it.” Steve put his hand on Tony’s shoulder as they walked out of the common room.
He felt Steve’s eyes on him, but he couldn’t bring himself to look back.  After all, Steve knew, and Steve had had to play defense for him. That was how weak he was. Couldn’t stand on his own.
Steve thought.  He considered how to extricate himself from the situation, but he had been caught supporting Nat’s leg where he sat.  Eventually, he cleared his throat. Bucky just slid his mouth down to her neck, licking her throat and the divot between her collarbones.  The shirt he’d almost put on lay forgotten in a little russet heap on the floor. Finally, Steve gave up.
“No.  Just running.” Steve wanted to tell him more, ask for forgiveness, demand answers.  But he was just so tired.
Tony.
“Can it. I’m here anyway. What are you doing at Stark’s mansion? You wanted to be another one of his casualties? Didn’t get enough of the Merchant of Death’s destruction already?”
“How do you even…” Tony trailed off.
Sorry, sort of still reeling from all that.  When did I know I was gay… Okay this is going to be really embarrassing.  Do you remember that documentary they did on that group of scientists heading up past the ISS? That sounds super nerdy, I know; it was called
In mid-afternoon, Tony went down to the shop, muttering about Clint’s explosive arrow tips needing a more targeted blast.  But he held onto Steve’s hand as he went, and Steve was more than happy to go along with him.  He settled onto the couch where he sometimes sat.  Tony tossed him a sketchpad he’d produced from seemingly nowhere, and Dum-E wheeled over happily with a set of watercolors.  Steve was surprised by how domestic his day had been.  How sweet Tony was to him.  It was as if he’d been dropped in the middle of a relationship that had been going for years, and it felt.  Well, it felt like home.  The casual way Tony would bump into him and smile.  The way it felt natural to pull him into a hug, kiss his hair.
Steve trained an evaluative eye on Tony, judging him, scrutinizing.  The intensity was staggering.  Tony looked away.
A woman in a dark, slinky dress floated over and joined the conversation, introducing herself as Maya.  She handed Tony a scotch and kissed him on the cheek.  Maybe not a first meeting then. Steve stifled a flare of unaccountable resentment, chiding himself for his irrational reaction.
Steve blushed, horribly. He could feel it. “I did.” He swallowed. “I do.” Just say it. “He’s not into me.”
There’s a silence, on the other end.  It’s too silent.  The call is still live, but there is absolutely no sound.  No wind.  No ambient noise.  It lasts a few moments.  Then he can hear Steve again.  His voice is ragged, but polite.  “Of course.  I’m sorry for calling.  But please, keep the phone.  I mean what I said.  If you ever need me, I’ll be there.”
“What’s up, Cap?” he asked.  “How’s the team?”
Steve laughs, softly.
He thought her technique could use some work.  This was more in the vein of “things to hit people with” rather than “things to eat.”  He poured two mugs of coffee.  Maybe Bucky would wake up for him this time.
“Dear Flying,
not a continuation of chapter 2
The door doesn’t open.  Steve doesn’t move. “Where are the…” he asks.
Tony moved toward him. “And this?” He tossed his phone on the bed, and it projected an image—Steve’s painting.  He didn’t know where the original was, had half thought it had disappeared when Njorun’s dreams dissipated, but apparently not, and Tony had found it.  “You made that.”
Steve blew out a breath he seemed to have been holding.  “I may end up getting demoted, today.  Or fired. Think you can find a place for me in your security division?” He smiled, finally, wryly.  “That’s sort of the extent of my skillset.”
is about men ensuring that women never hold power.  Don’t stress—you’ll be fine.  If you want to hash out your ideas, just let me know.  I’m here for you.”
So maybe, maybe, if everything went right, she’d have to wait a little longer for total control of SI.  He didn’t think she’d mind.
At night, he’d dream.  Peggy. Beautiful, vibrant, in red.  In uniform.  “Come back to me,” she’d say, in an empty dance hall. In a bombed out French bar.  In a graveyard, mist trailing at the bottom of her hem.
“Thanks,” Tony said, still a little acidly.
that you are here to work for Mr. Stark.  Aren’t you, Happy?” she asked, somehow intimidating for such a small woman.
Steve nodded.  “Yeah, I got the regular order, plus three of the beef salad this time, since Thor ate one by himself. And your eggplant drunken noodles.”
Why, oh why, did Steve continually think things could not get any worse? He knew Natasha pretty damn well, and knew exactly what had just happened.  “Don’t bother,” he said, as Tony tried to open the door. What was it about this day? Now he and Tony were both trapped in his room after Loki had just given him away. And he was wearing Iron Man underwear. He felt bad for Tony.  It had to be more awkward for him than it was for Steve.
“Yeah, Clint just dropped it off on his way back,” Steve replied, although he didn’t turn it over.  “I wouldn’t worry about it right now.  We should work on the mask.”
“Fine.  Just Peter again.”
Why hadn’t Steve just said something? Why hadn’t he told Tony about it, that he needed it.  Why hadn’t he said Stern was coming after him? Tony could have helped him.  He could have made sure Stern wouldn’t touch him.  He would have tried, even without this little paper.
Steve was clearly dismissed, so he grabbed the empty plate and glass, letting himself out, strains of wailing guitars cutting off when the door closed. On his way up the stairs, he ran into a couple, bickering amiably, talking over each other.  They shut up abruptly when they saw Steve.
Tony couldn’t contain himself, his good mood spilling over despite his absurd caution. “Obie! You will not believe.  The things.  The ideas. I have all the ideas. Did you see the reports from our South Asia team? The first camp.  It’s built.  They’ve gotten overflow from those two camps in Jordan and Lebanon with zero instances of cholera and 100% vaccination rate against polio.  It’s working.  It’s amazing. And the UN Refugee Agency is sending a liaison next week to talk with SI about how to replicate them.” And now, Tony himself was going to be able to meet with them instead of being worm food.
“Of course, Mr. Rogers.
He knocked on the door.
if you want angst.
He wasn’t being petulant.  He wasn’t.  But SHIELD monitored everything, every move he made, from the moment he stepped out the door to the moment he arrived back inside.  He was only sure that he wasn’t being monitored inside the house because he’d done a thorough inspection.  Very thorough. He’d found three listening devices and a motion tracker, but nothing else.  He put them all in the kitchen, under the very noisy little plastic coffee maker. So they’d know when he had coffee, every morning, and several times a night.  So what.  It was a good place for it.  Coulson had given him a strange look the next day, but he hadn’t said anything.  And Steve had taken to booby trapping the door—little things—such old spycraft no one would even notice it anymore.  A hair over the latch.  A perfect fingerprint on his doorknob.  No one had been in or out besides him.
Steve started a color wash over the page.  Half in daylight, half clearly shadowed in night.  Dawn breaking.  It had somehow turned into his room, his bed, even if the space was still undefined.  He looked up to see Tony looking back at him, smiling, affection radiating gently from him.  His brown eyes crinkled as he tapped his stylus on the desk in front of him.  The way he was twisted, back to Steve, showed off the lines of his body, the sleek, lithe muscle.  Steve loved his body, spent more time thinking about it than he ought to, especially if they were just friends.  But he liked the bird-quick way Tony moved, his amazing bubble butt, his arms draped in sinewy muscle and burn scars.  The way he stood now, feet apart, hands planted on the desk, it was like he was teasing inadvertently.
Suddenly his phone disappeared, snatched from his grasp by VP Coulson.  “Stark, take some time for the real world.  You can’t be wrapped up in tech all day. Take some time to breathe.”
They sat that way for most of the ride home.  It was silent, thankfully. The party had been bright and loud, cacophonous.  Tony watched Steve’s hands on his, moving over the soft skin of his wrist absently, calming him. He wondered if it was something he’d picked up being sick, or where the habit had come from.  He thought about the way that Steve had run interference for him.  He thought about the way that Steve was kind and good, how his eyes saw more, how his mind missed nothing, how his heart felt more keenly.  He thought about his loyalty, his dedication, his nightmares.  He thought about how he seemed to give everything and hesitate to assume he was welcome. He thought about that bright smirk, the playfulness he sometimes let Tony see. He thought about the remaining days he was fairly sure the arc reactor would still allow him.
“Indeed, Captain.”
“Let’s get this cleaned up and get back to the Tower. Do your tox screens ASAP.  I want to do a debrief in an hour,” Steve said, voice steady and sexy and well, normal. “Tony, looks like your tech saved you from being dosed by whatever that was.  We should think about incorporating something similar in our go-bags.  Do you think you could create something for the rest of us?”
Next section is almost done.
“Just come here.  No—turn over, there you go.”
“Then why?”
episodes in the hospital.
“That’s his sniper-bff.  Barnes.  He hates me, but, as you say, with good reason. He was breaking in.  I dunno what their thing is. Wouldn’t tell me.  He was knee deep in SI files.”
A screen popped up. It showed a one-armed man, rifling through files—actual paper files stored in the basement.  Tony didn’t even know the last time he’d seen that storage room.
Well, he wasn’t wrong, Tony thought. It was a long email.  And Tony did know how he felt.  Exactly how he felt.  Pepper and Rhodey would definitely stick by him. Definitely.  But it would change everything in his life.  They’d known him forever. Pepper was his girlfriend from preschool through kindergarten, back when they’d thought being boyfriend and girlfriend meant dressing up in your mom’s pearls and drinking lemonade out of martini glasses.
He hadn’t worked with Mr. Stane, not since that initial meeting.  Stane made him uncomfortable. No real reason.  And he didn’t want to be rude, especially since he’d just met the man and Tony seemed to trust him so much.  But there was something he didn’t like about him.  Something about the overly friendly, smugly jovial tone that Stane used. It made Steve feel small, again.
“This room is occupied, Stark,” Lorraine said before resuming her activities.
“Tony, please,” Steve groaned. “Please, I want you, please,” he couldn’t stop himself, he’d just waited for so long.
Loki turned to him, smirking.  “Feeling a bit possessive, Stark? Need to stake your territory?”
“Of course.”
“Thank you, Tony,” he says. “I’ll be ready.”
“I’m already packed.  I really do understand. I wouldn’t lie to anyone, I wouldn’t tell anyone anything at all.  It was my fault.”
“Jarvis,” Steve began. “How long have you been with Mr. Stark?”
Steve smiled back, soft and lovely.  “It was.  Thanks, Tony.”
And possibly had a little crush on Steve.
Tony was watching him closely.  He hoped J had gotten those files open.  He needed to know more.  “Waste of water, huh? Well, I will have you know, I just finished working on a prototype to filter almost a gallon a minute.  The water won’t be a problem.  And, you’re right.” That got Steve to look at him again.  “That was well done, Steve. Looks like you’ve definitely got a brain to match those muscles.”
“Good.  And Steve, thank you so much for feeding Tony lunch.  Let me get you set up.” Pepper pulled out an envelope from her purse and shook it onto the table.  Here’s your credit card, for shopping for groceries and anything else Tony needs you to pick up.  That includes meals for you,” she said, giving him a keen look. “A key to the BMW.  That’s for your use for errands.  A StarkPhone.  It’s secure.  But if you’re teleconferencing, use the office next to your room instead.  Also, anything you need.  My number is on speed dial; it’s #2. Tony, of course, is #1.  Alright.  Well, I think you have a call going to SI France soon, right? We’ll get out of your hair.”
“Lock down the workshop; he can’t get you in there,” Steve ordered as he turned around to block Obadiah’s path to Tony.
“It doesn’t have to be you,” Tony said, knowing its lie as he said it.
Jarvis’s voice broke into his thoughts, once again bringing news about Barnes.  “Mr. Stern apologizes profusely, sir.  He says no need to bring Anderson Cooper into this, or Mr. Barnes, and he is so sorry to have irritated you. He appears to find Mr. Cooper rather intimidating.”
He threw on some pants and opened the door.
“Steve.”
“It’s licensed,
“When the hell did you make a pie?” Tony asked.
A twig snapped, to his right.  Tony’s breath caught. He willed himself away from hope.  It could be a stranger.  A cop.  A stray dog.
Loki shifted back into his own body, looking slightly disappointed, working his way out of the bed.
Steve’s conscience ate at him, but there was probably no universe in which he could reject Tony.  Knowing him as he did, having watched his relationship with Pepper crumble, he knew how rejection crushed him, wounded him in a way nothing else seemed to do. This was torture. This wasn’t the deal he’d made with Njorun, and a part of him whispered that it was penance, that maybe he shouldn’t have asked for anything at all, what right did he have to this? He’d asked for a day where he could show Tony his love, not a day in which Tony was in love with him.  And that’s what it felt like. He was getting everything he wanted, in his secret heart.
Her look was full of understanding.  “I can give you a day.  Remember that when the sun falls on your skin, my dreams will evaporate.”
And no, Bucky was more like a brother to me. Never had a crush on him.  And I think I found what country he’s been in—if his family is still assigned to the embassy, I might be able to reach him.
“I do.”
“Not at all, Mr. Stark.  It’s always good to know someone’s looking after the recliners and champagne,” Steve replied, deadpan.
Steve shut the laptop.  He wasn’t ready.
Sorry, this was a really long email.  I just haven’t ever been able to talk to anyone about it before.  Ever.  You’re like this amazing secret place where I’m just me, no expectations, no pressure.  I really appreciate it.  Maybe I’m not ready for the world to know that I’m gay, but I’m so glad that I can talk with you about it.
“Hammer.”
His phone pinged.
“Hey, Tony.” Steve carefully marked his place in his book and closed it, walking over to the workbench around dinnnertime.  “I’m going to make dinner.  Want to come upstairs?”
It just slipped out.
Rhodey balled up his wrapper and threw it at Tony’s head, bouncing off by his legs. Asshole had good aim. “From the electronics store, goofball,” Rhodey clarified, working bits of granola out of his teeth.
He hit send.
Hell, as long as he was wishing.  He could still feel the warm, firm pressure of Steve’s arms around him, however brief the moment had been.  The way the sunlight had glinted off his stupid eyelashes at the mini golf park.  The feeling of his hand on Tony’s wrist, gently stroking his hand, calming him.  The way he’d looked at him when Tony told him to go, like maybe he wanted to come back.  Like maybe he wanted in some small part to stay.  Like maybe there was something in Tony that was worth coming back to. Just having him around, being a friend.  Just being near him. It would be enough.
. The questions were getting increasingly vicious, asking about former bad habits from before Afghanistan, insinuating Tony was lying, cheating, and generally scum. A quick evaluation of the crowd told him they were sharks, scenting blood, pack mentality full swing. Time to pull back.
This was what Barnes had been looking for, what he thought Tony might one day hold over Steve’s head.
You know, Flying, I don’t think there’s anything in the world that could change my dad’s mind. The president could come out as gay, and he would just make sure to donate however much money it took to get him out of office the next cycle.” Tony stopped and re-read.  Nope. Sure, many of the families at Shield High were wealthy, but maybe not as wealthy as the Starks.  So. “…and he would make sure to vote him out of office the next cycle. But I’m not in danger.” He
Steve hung his head for a second.  He knew Bucky wouldn’t blame him, but still.  It had been the one thing he could do—help out Mr. Stark to pay for that sculpture.  A sculpture that Bucky only broke because he’d been trying to help Steve in the first place.
Steve was already in the conference room, scanning his notes.  He smiled at Tony when he came in.  Tony sat down next to him.
“Thank you, ma’am,” Steve started to say, when Tony rounded the corner.
He’s played the fight over and over in his mind, always seeing Steve lifting that shield.  He’d thought Steve was going to kill him, even though he knows better.
Sometimes I feel like I’m all alone in the world.  I have great friends, don’t get me wrong. They’re the best.  Really. Like I said, they’re great. We’re basically Harry, Ron, and Hermione, lay down our lives for each other type shit.  And my mom tries her best.  It’s just been so long since we’ve had a real conversation, one where she was completely paying attention, and where she just—like, just really wanted to hear what I was saying, or—Christ, just how my day was.  Just stupid shit like if I got a good grade on a test or something.
Steve shook his head.  “I didn’t get out a lot in middle school. I was pretty sick a lot.”
“I’m not lying, Mr. Stark,” Steve said, suddenly looking directly at him, blue gaze fully focused on Tony. That was breathtaking.
He switched his phone off.  He could still check email on his laptop.
His mouth was warm, sweet, lips caressing Tony’s, consuming him, easing over his mouth, his face, his eyelids, a line of searing kisses down his throat. Tony swallowed, catching his breath, then chased Steve’s mouth, reclaiming it, hand on his jaw, guiding his mouth back to Tony’s, he couldn’t get over the taste of him, the way his lips parted for him, searched for his.
“Steve?”
“Pity,” Stern whined.  “I do so wish I could have seen him.”
Tony looked at her wide-eyed.  Fuck it.  He pulled over, making some asshole behind him honk at him. The van pulled to a stop in the shoulder.
He came down after one session, slipping his arms around Tony’s waist, kissing his neck.
“J, did you know we had a pizza oven?” Tony asked.
“Obie, you’re not listening.  I don’t want weapons to be what I’m remembered for; it
He got an email as they piled out of his car, and he sent the others on ahead of him.  “I’ll catch up,” he told Pepper, as she gave him a curious look.  He opened his screen.
“Approaching maximum power,” Jarvis warned.
He showed her the text, and she gave a quick nod.  He walked toward the podium with a bottle of water for Tony, ready to usher him away, when Christine Everhart jumped in with one more question. “Mr. Stark! I have a source that says you were partying with Junior Manfredi last night at his high stakes club in LA. Any comment?”
In the mornings, Steve tended just to throw on sweats and a t-shirt he’d clearly bought for someone half his size.  Or someone had misinformed him regarding how t-shirts were supposed to fit, and when Tony found that person he was going to buy them a Bentley. Walking in on Steve last night had been difficult for Tony, trying to decide whether the invasion of privacy was worth the comfort, or vice versa.  Eventually, he’d figured he’d do more good than harm.  He hadn’t been prepared for Steve in all his shirtless glory.  It wasn’t appropriate to ogle at the time, but Tony couldn’t help but notice the ridges defining Steve’s stomach, the smooth plush of his chest. This morning, as Steve walked away, cotton softly clinging to his perfect form, Tony gave up trying to fight it.  He had few enough mornings left, and as long as his equipment still functioned, he was going to use it. Steve wouldn’t mind. Or, he wouldn’t know, anyway. Same difference. He felt a slight pang of guilt, but brushed it aside.
“Did your father never tell you how many times I tried to enlist? As an asthmatic who weighed ninety pounds?” Steve’s voice is extremely dry.
“I’m sorry I lost my temper, Rogers.” Rumlow kept the sneer just below his voice, too low to be called out.  “This is a difficult time of the year.  I’m sorry I broke your painting.” He turned to Selvig.  “Done?”
“I’m sorry.”
There was a shocked silence on the other end of the line.  He could practically hear her thinking,
“Yep,” Tony replied, distracted.
“Oh, but I’m not an employee,” Steve began.
It pinged at just after 3am.  Tony scrambled up, immediately, knocking his powered-off phone onto the floor next to his history textbook.  An email from Flying. Tony’s hands were shaking, he was almost crying, even though he wasn’t sure what it said yet.  But he cared, somehow he cared.  He opened the message.
Steve blushed more.  “Look, I’m sorry,” he began.
And god, that was incandescently hot, Tony working him open using
So.  Not a Neanderthal.
Tony looked mock-affronted.  “I will have you know that I ate a burger.  With cheese.  And fries. Baked, but still, fries.  Can we call them fries if they’re baked? Doesn’t matter.  Pull up a chair, take a load off.  Happy called you?”
Two shots rang out simultaneously as Steve bodily hauled Tony over the couch.
“Look,” she redirected. “We can do it. We can manage Hammer. I’m not going to really flirt with him. That’s unfair, even to scum.  I’ll just be friendly. Normal friendly.  But I think it will be enough. And in the meantime, I’ll help you move your assets out of Howard’s control into your own name.  I’m pretty good with banking and property law.” She said it as if she were talking about the weather, normal conversational topics for a teen.
Barnes’s voice came from the distance. “Vehicle approaching. Stane and one armed.”
Steve stayed in bed for a long time.
“Well, I’ll be.” Tony turned to Steve. “Ok.  You.  So.  You speak French? Where’d you pick that up?”
The hired gun couldn’t seem to decide who to aim at, Steve or Natasha.
Steve relaxed.  Of course she wouldn’t. “He was a wreck last night, Nat.  Like before.”
Steve kissed his palm, grateful.
Bucky ignored him and kept stirring. He tested it, drawing it up to see if the sugar was lurking at the bottom.
“Right,” Steve said, letting his imagination run.  “I’ll save that for you.”
The man on the floor started twitching, finally. Pepper poked him with her shoe again.  “Miss Romanoff, he’s sort of jerking around a little.  Does it hurt?”
“Dear Shell,
Mr. Stark stared at him.  He started to flush, he could feel it.
“What’s up?”
“Steve lives out in the middle of nowhere.  I have no idea where Nat lives, and my pops says you don’t get to come back until you replace that hydrangea.”
“You talked to Pepper, huh?” Tony asked.
It was later that Natasha gave him the best gift he could hope for this year: his paperwork from Matt Murdock.  His assets were legally separated.  He started moving out immediately, Dum-E going into the new apartment first.  Howard and Maria were in Portugal for the next month.  Tony had completely moved out of the house by the New Years.  He told Flying that his internet might be spotty, but Flying said he was going to be gone anyway. In fact, all of Tony’s friends IRL were out of town for the break, getting back only the night before school started. He didn’t bother telling them where he lived yet, the new place.  He’d invite them all over on Monday, when they got back.  Until then, he’d be alone.  Still, being lonely was better than being stuck at home with his father.
Steve turned to look at him with a tiny shrug.  “Sure,” he said, a wry grin crossing his face.
“Regrettably not, sir.”
“J.  Take a photo of this. Ask Pepper if we can put it in the hallway. Tell her Steve drew it so she’ll need to get clearance from him.”
Steve sat back, seeming to shrink in on himself, mouth tight. Then he shrugged, shook his head briefly.  “Nothing.  Nothing happened.  I was stupid, I misread some signals. We got our wires crossed.”
“Flying,
Rhodey swiped his phone open.  “It’s Pepper.  She says we should meet up to do our Christmas exchange, and she wants to bring in the new girl.”
“Nat’s gonna kill me.” He was suddenly alert.
Natasha’s eyebrow just shot up higher as she pursed her lips.  “You know, you don’t have to go alone.”
He looked up to find Tony looking at him, clearly able to hear. “Go,” Tony said. “I’ll send the rest of your stuff when I get it packed up.”
The first time they finally fell into bed together, Tony realized he’d never get enough.  He’d never get enough of that single-minded focus, the heat of it, crawling down his skin.  Steve crowded him up against the wall, all-consuming, blocking out the noise, the distractions, everything that wasn’t a vast expanse of warm skin.
Hammer showed up, too. As fucking Hugh Hefner, complete with a set of bunnies: Mya, Christine, and Lorraine.  What kind of a douche showed up trying to get with one girl by bringing three other girls in lingerie? Asshole.
He wandered back up to the kitchen, feeling out of place.  Already contemplating a world without himself in it.  He ran his hand over the wall as he walked up the stairs, noticing the fine grain to it.  Light filtered through the skylights above, washing over him.  It was quiet, but that was somehow right.  Fitting.  He pulled the belongings out of Steve’s drawers.  Just some clothes, a watch.  He placed them neatly into the duffel bag that lived in the bottom drawer, dog tags swinging aimlessly from a strap.  He ran his fingers along them for a moment, tracing the name and numbers, the ridges smoothing out at the edges.
Hammer slung his arm around Tony’s shoulders.  “You will
“Indeed, sir.”
And that’s the real question, isn’t it?  Because as long as Parker’d been busy chasing bike thieves around Queens, he probably wouldn’t pop on a national radar.  But now… “I’m working on it,” he says.  And he is. He has been, all along. But now it’s vital. The people who ordered a nuclear missile on Manhattan won’t care how young the kid is.
Jimmy snorted at him.  “Sure, pop.” He rolled his eyes a little, but it was good natured.
“So, engineering seems to have worked out all the kinks,” Steve began, and Tony tried very hard not to think about the word “kinks” coming out of his mouth.  It didn’t work all that well.  “But, I hit a snag in TeleCom Legal.”
“You took so long to respond to me, after I was outed, Steve.  I really thought… I really thought you weren’t going to.” Tony’s voice dropped to a whisper.  That feeling, the desperation, the shame, it crawled over his skin, as if he was living it again.
Coulson let a wry smile slip into the corner of his mouth.  “Maybe we should get you something nicer.  An espresso machine or something.” It was almost an apology, but more like a shared joke.
“Only you, gumdrop,” Tony smirked at him.
“The arc reactor is at twelve percent, Sir. It appears to be degenerating more quickly as it becomes weaker. I estimate it will last you two days, at most.”
Just over two weeks later, Steve had made some progress tracking the weapons deals.  He was pretty sure, now, that he’d been an idiot.  After all, what kind of businessman sells weapons to the enemy? One that didn’t mind bad press and a dying business.  And while Stark—Tony—had all kinds of bad press, he seemed to really care. About his company. About the world.  About Steve, actually.  And, given all the questions he’d been asking about Bucky and the waitlisting on his prosthetic procedure, maybe him too.  There was no way that Tony sold weapons to terrorists. There was just no way.  The man was all bluster, squishy on the inside, and wracked with enough guilt to give Steve a run for his money.  Although, only one of them was particularly into running, and the other one had all the money.
“It’s going to be fine,” he assured her. He glanced at Steve.  “Sif’s got Crazytown in the cone of shame again.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Then he looked guilty and scurried off to his room.
Tony took a deep breath and put his blinker on.  As he merged back into traffic, he felt Natasha’s small hand on his shoulder, squeezing lightly.  Maybe he
“Tony, Tony, Tony.  I am not going to prison,” Obadiah blustered, standing up and drawing himself up to his full height. “Your father, Howard never would have sent me to prison.  He knew what we were trying to build here, Tony! Now that was a man with a vision! And you were a mess, you know you were, you were drinking and partying and was tearing down the business, m’boy!”
“I’m pretty sure something happened with the fall out from Loki.  You know how he can be.” Steve considered feeling bad for maligning Thor’s brother for a moment, but given the amount of havoc Loki’d put them through just this past week alone, he didn’t actually feel guilty.
Well, shit.  “I don’t know.  Maybe I got a lower dose.” He hoped his blush wasn’t giving him away. Stupid fair complexion.
Steve took his time, adding a second finger, relishing in the freedom to taste Tony, to be able to make love to him. He was going to make him feel so good.  He added a third finger, dripping lube, and Tony swore, pleaded with him.
“I don’t know.”
“I don’t have family, sir.  I’ve been in the military since I turned 18.  I don’t have anything else to add to the files.”
“No, no, of course not.  That’s not what I meant,” Stern backtracked, leaving a trail of slime. “I just wanted to have a conversation with him.”
“I have to. It’s a thing. Pepper used to do a lot of it. I used to be hard—harder—to handle, you know? And I owe it to her.  Besides, they’re going to have questions about R&D, and about those weapons transactions, and she shouldn’t be getting her hands dirty in all that. It’s my job.”
Tony grinned. For now, he grabbed the little jar off the table and went back down to the workshop.  He opened it.  It smelled lightly fragrant, but floral. Sunflowers, maybe. Or cornflowers.  He stripped his shirt and rubbed a tiny fingertip of it into his scarring.  He could picture Steve’s fingers doing it instead, smoothing the salve onto his chest, wide fingertips massaging his skin.  He swallowed.  When had he paid attention to Steve’s fingers? But now he knew he could picture those hands, deft and sure, broad, long fingers.  His blood was suddenly leaving his brain and heading lower.  He twisted the lid back on the jar, wiping his fingers on a towel.  His chest did feel better.  The ache reduced and the inflammation was slightly less red and puffy, even if it wouldn’t do anything for his arc reactor problem. Still, he felt like he could take a deep breath for the first time since Afghanistan.
He went back to sleep.  School could go fuck itself.
Jimmy heard the tail end of the conversation when he came back with the little box.  He rolled his eyes.  “Dad, if you’re going to pay for me to take the SAT three times, I better have something to show for it, right? Hey Tony, Other Jim.”
To:  A-Team
“Oh,” Tony said. Then he paused. “No, I looked at his notes, and he got a lot closer than anybody thinks he did.  That should still work the same on you.”
He'd miss the way Steve would wink at him before stealing Clint’s yeast rolls right off his plate while he was hotheadedly arguing with Natasha.  He’d miss the way only Steve could manage to make a “Yes Ma’am” or a “No, Sir” sound like a reproach, a commendation, or a pick up line, depending on the smallest inflections. The way he could work every modern gadget he'd ever come across except the microwave.
.  It was quite brilliant, although I think you forgot to account for the lessened atmospheric pressure in the first section.”
I know you said you don’t have plans for Thanksgiving.  What with your family and all.  And I just wanted to let you know that I am around.  We don’t have a lot of extended family, so we usually just roast a chicken and call it a day.  But I’ll be thinking about you.
“Stop saying my name like that!” He was defensive now, but he couldn’t help it. It was still sort of a sore spot.  And embarrassing. He’d thought
Tony said it looked fine, glancing over him when he’d gone down to the workshop to remind him to get ready. Tony had wiped his hands on a rag, gulped down the dregs of his coffee.  His arms were more heavily muscled than Steve would have thought for a billionaire engineer, his shoulders and back covered in a sheen of sweat. Steve’s thoughts strayed, looking at Tony’s work-roughened hands, the curve of his neck, the sinewy muscle and cocky smile. The man had disappeared up to his bedroom before Steve realized he’d gone, leaving a trace of his cologne and fired metal behind.
“It is he, Thor.  I know it is,” the woman announced.
Steve sets them gently on the ground.  Tony can see a thousand apologies, a thousand pleas in his eyes.  Watches Steve check himself, rein it all in. He says, “Thank you, Tony.”
Steve glances at his wrists. “I said I would do anything.” His voice is raw, but he looks at Tony directly. “I mean it, Tony.  I’ll do anything you want.”
comes out? That guy is a good person. And I don’t think you’re a coward. I’m not out either, right?
Tony can’t help but laugh.  Stubborn little shit.  “Yeah, I think he said something about that. I think he was more embarrassed for you when you said you were from Jersey.”
Steve’s eyes showed confusion, but he asked immediately, “Jarvis, what reactor?”
“Dear Flying,
She posted on insta and ShieldSpies after the administration wouldn’t say anything “to protect privacy.” Tony had set an alert on his phone, and tweet after tweet went after Hammer and Hodge.  Hammer got his legal team on it immediately, but damage was done. The gossip sites—real gossip sites, not just high schoolers—picked up on the story since Hammer was such a big name in tech.  CNN started interviews by the time school was out—Howard even did a videoconference, gloating.  It was ugly, even to Tony.
Tony preened a little.  “I am, actually.  And yes, I do.”
To:  A-Team
“I had Jarvis scan it, but the original is yours.  Stern won’t be able to touch you, I’ve already called him. And if he does, I’ll sue his ass for breach of contract. Or, I mean, I’ll have legal do it. Well, Pepper will have legal do it. Discreetly.”
“Sir?” Jarvis prompted gently.
“Jimmy Choos are handmade!” Tony defended himself.
He held Tony’s hand, watched the sunline creep over him, like in the painting, illuminating his skin, anointing him. He watched it edge closer to his own hand, unhurried, a nightmare.  The moment the sun warmed his skin, he couldn’t help it.  He closed his eyes.  The world stopped, narrowed to only the feeling of Tony’s hand in his, the warmth of the sun conquering his skin, until he knew he was lying entirely in the light, the day fully on him, flaying him, leaving him exposed and defenseless.  He had no idea how long it had been.  Only that it was over.  And Steve was lost.  He didn’t know how to go on.  But Tony would be expecting some sort of answer, and he had to open his eyes, had to face it head on.  Had to take the consequences Njorun warned him would come.  At least, they’d only hurt him.  She’d promised.
“Sorry, guys,” Tony said, feeling weighted down with guilt.  He glanced at Steve. “I really am.”
From: SamIAm 10:38am
“James, that boy’s like nine,” Pepper tried to admonish him, but she was laughing.  “He’s clearly a lost 7
Tony doesn’t answer. Gets his burn kit, never turning his back.  He knows Steve notices.
Steve scrutinized Tony, watching the offhand way he dealt with the reporters, seeing him tire of the endless nonsense, the vultures. His phone buzzed. He opened the screen.
“Okay. Yep. Do not recommend. Breaking up with Steve Rogers: bad idea.” He kissed Steve, relief flooding him, the same feeling as he had waking up in New York, a second life granted. Then his brain caught up to him. “But if you found a time machine and you broke it, so help me, we’re getting a divorce!”
Tony gets legal to start working on the Accords, fixing them, providing provisions that he’d always meant to use as amendments from the start. Before everything went to hell.
He called Tony’s favorite pizza place, ordering eight large pies, two vegetarian (for Hulk, although Bruce seemed to eat anything), two all meat (Natasha’s order, mostly), and four olive and pepperoni (Tony’s choice). Thor ate everything, and lots of it.
Shell”
“How interesting,” Pepper observed, pleased.  “Oh, the police are here! I’ll just pop out and meet them. Over here! Thank you for coming, we were
So you’re nerdy, huh? I like that.  I think intelligence is incredibly attractive.  Sometimes I feel like all my friends are super smart.  I’m really lucky to have them.
Steve knows he’s done. He awkwardly hops off the workbench with his wrists still bound and steps outside the door.  “Am I locked out?”
To:  A-Team
Love, Flying”
Steve tossed his phone to Natasha, who caught it midair, a questioning look on her face.  “Call Pepper, she’s #2 in contacts, have her contact Colonel Rhodes, Air Force, and tell him Obadiah Stane is trying to kill Tony.” Maybe Pepper could get someone sent over sooner. Maybe Rhodes would have someone in the area.  Damnit, why had he left Tony alone when Happy was still out of town?
“Clint told me I had to watch them in ord—“ Steve began, eyes innocent and wide.
Tony seemed to settle a little, relaxing into Steve’s arms.  “I need you inside me.  Just go slow, it’s been a while and you’re pretty talented in the size department.” He kissed Steve, playful, smiling.
Although he couldn’t hear anything, it was clear that Mr. Stark hadn’t noticed he was there.  He jumped, almost dropped the soldering gun, and turned to look at Steve.  He saw him say something, but couldn’t hear it.  The door clicked unlocked, and Steve opened it.
“We live in Brooklyn, Buck, how was I supposed to find a real horse?”
“Shut up, asshat, I’m trying to make a speech—and I know you wired part of your last paycheck to that kid you saved in Afghanistan.  I know you, man. I know you. What happened?”
Tony started to laugh. “Loki, right? I mean, there’s no way I end up in Captain America’s very pristine very virtuous bed if not for that asshole.  What a dick. Sorry, I don’t mean to make you uncomfortable, but,” he laughed again, “not exactly my fault here, Rogers.  And I’ve been trying, Pepper said I should try to play nicer.”
“Well, we all do, but we can’t just run around stealing their produce,” Tony responded.
He hit send, then let out the breath he’d been holding.  It was risky. But if it was Pieter, if it was, then it was perfect. It would be so easy.  It would be… like magic, if Tony believed in that sort of thing.
Tony looked over at Steve, still hard at work, even after Tony’s transgression.  He swallowed, guilt rising in his throat, threatening to drown him.
Sirens sounded in the distance.  The police were on their way.  This whole horrible day was almost over. He looked around.  “J, did you get tape of his confession from earlier?”
Tony stared.  “Were you like part of a super secret cult or something? Who doesn’t want to date you?”
“Thai food,” Hulk grunted affirmatively.
When it was over, Tony yawned and tried to stretch, tired from playing referee with the bickering team. “Alright, guys, I guess it’s time to call it a night,” he said, waiting for someone to get up so he could stand.
Steve looked over at him, startled, eyes wide.
Pepper turned to him, surprised. “Tony added that one when Happy and I went down to see him. Otherwise you’d just have me and him.” She smiled at him and straightened his tie.  “He’s right, you know.  You look edible in a tux.” After a final adjustment to his tie, she walked toward the front of the ballroom, muttering under her breath about bagging the Swede.
After an hour, the therapist had told him that he should try a survivor’s guilt message board.  Steve didn’t know if that’s what the therapist told everyone she saw.  After all, it’s not like they’d had a deep conversation about how he was dealing. And he didn’t really think there was a handbook on how to help recently defrosted men from the 1940s readjust to the modern world. She’d mostly just watched him catalogue the titles of the books and try to remember the names of the flowers on the coffee table.  And she’d explained wifi.
Happy scowled at him.  “Hm.  I’ll be checking through this more.  Your personal dossier was remarkably lacking when I pulled it from DOD.  Yeah, I have friends at DOD.  I’ll get to the bottom of it.”
Steve’s eyes, beautiful, clear, reflecting the distant light of other suns, met Tony’s.
“What the hell, Tony!” a voice hissed at his elbow.  “Natasha’s been just warmer than ice with me.  You were supposed to make her like me!”
“Shut everything down, J. Show me that
Last night replayed through his mind.  Finding the blueprints.  Realizing they’d been changed.  By someone who clearly knew what he was doing.  Seeing how wrecked that someone had been.  Telling Jarvis to let the man get some sleep after his shower. Scanning the new additions back into the program and sending them out. After all, they were better now.  Sure, he had some question about what kind of trees Rogers seemed to want to plant and why, but he figured the man probably had some good reasons for it given all the other changes he’d made.  Or, hell, maybe he just had a green thumb.  A little green space wouldn’t hurt.  It might even give the people some hope.  Remind them that things still grew.  There was still potential.  And, speaking of things growing—wait for it, that there was an inappropriate physical response, especially while on the phone with his assistant.  Boss.  Think about something else, anything else.
“Hammer.” Her expression didn’t change.  It wasn’t gossipy or judgmental, just expectant.
Tony had never felt more powerless in his entire life.  He was literally powerless, incapable of moving.  He couldn’t do anything.  He couldn’t protect Pepper, or Steve, he couldn’t stop Obadiah. And God, that hurt. He’d trusted him.  The man had been like an uncle more than a business partner. He had been on the very short list of people that Tony thought he could rely on.  But Obadiah was wrong about Pepper.  If Pepper knew he was trying to get control of the company, she could flay him alive in a board meeting while still wearing her stilettos and not getting a drop of blood on her pencil skirt. She knew the SI better than anyone, including Stane.  Or Tony.  It was just a matter of her not being blindsided, like he’d been.
“Perfect,” Pepper said, a pleased smile on her face. “So, these lumps already know the rules: we draw random names. If you get your own, just put it back. No cheating—last year Tony tried to put mine back in the hat because he was trying for Bruce.”
ordered a hit on us.  Whoever this is, this Iron Monger fucker, that’s fucking treasonous! Nat, we have to find whoever the hell this guy is.”
“Hey, no.  Don’t do that.  The only disappointing thing about you is that you don’t actually taste like apple pie,” Tony jokes.
He took his notes and the portfolio down to the workshop.  Tony had blueprints up on all the walls.  At a glance, he could see they were for some sort of camp layout.  Water distribution systems, restroom and shower facilities, giant kitchen stations.  A library of sorts.  A fence surrounded it, though.  To keep people in? Or to keep people out?
Sooner or later, Tony came to his senses.  Lying in bed, warm, he stared at the ceiling for an hour.  Realized Steve could do better. He’d been selfish. But Steve, Steve was acclimated now, to the present. And wasn’t that what being with Tony was all about, anyway? Getting used to the bright lights and the speed with which the modern world moved?  It was about time he moved on.  Better to do it now, before he truly broke Tony’s heart.  Before Tony was so far gone he couldn’t recover from it.
“I think you’re more than fashionably late, Obie,” Tony joked, glad to see another friendly face.
The night air was soft now, windows down, the warmth of twilight surrendering to a deep and welcoming coolness. Manhattan was bright, but the last few minutes, driving through Tony’s property, muted the neons and fluorescents to allow for the more delicate light from the stars, the forgiving moon. He thought, fleetingly, that if he opened his shirt, the arc reactor would barely be noticeable, reflecting instead the silvery beams from the night sky.
“Well, he has excellent taste,” Peggy declared, drawing the attention off Steve.  Tony was still watching him, though, and he saw the grateful look Steve shot at her.  “Can I draw first? I don’t want to overstep my welcome.” Tony watched as she swirled her hand in the hat dramatically.  Not that many women could pull off the bright red lip color that she wore. She drew a card out, read it, and flashed a mysterious, coy smile.
Sam threw another cookie at his head but Rhodey just caught it in his mouth.  “Sfpffprrmfnnn,” he said, chewing.
“Of course, sir,” Jarvis replied, equably.
“What, ‘fine?’” Tony asks, bitterly, his voice ratcheting up, spitting the words out. “Is this what fine is? It doesn’t feel like it to me.”
“Poppyseed? Yes!” he grabbed one out of the bag, pulling out a plain one for Pepper while he was at it.  Their reunion was blocking the steps, but it was just as well, given that Steve and Peggy just pulled in, looking a little haggard.
Mr. Morita just chuckled.  “We like smart people in this family. Speaking of which, this is totally new.  It’s unlike anything I’ve ever seen before. I can’t even tell you exactly what it is. But you’ll like it.” He popped open the box Jim had brought over.  It was a thick, heavy disc, dull silver.
, he told himself.
“Look, Stevie, you know why I was doing it.  What’s one little glass panel worth in return for safety from this a-hole’s tyranny?” man-bun said. But he was almost shamefaced. At getting caught, maybe.
“Of course Natasha should be part of it.” Tony looked over, nose scrunched up.  “She’s not that new anymore.”
And fuck, that was true, too, wasn’t it? He did still want a drink, he did still have weaknesses, and he never had made Howard proud.
The door opened and Rhodey walked in, while Sam loudly griped about “This asshole, who brings something and makes the rest of us fuckers look bad,” but he was smiling as he said it, fake punching Steve’s shoulder.
“You must be Steve Rogers,” the redhead said.  “I’m Pepper Potts.  I’m so sorry about this.”
Tony promptly choked on nothing.  “Did you just…?”
“Treason!  An
Steve kissed him again, because he could, because it made him happy, because it made Tony smile, because home was wherever Tony was. “Anywhere.”
“Fucking Hammer,” Rhodey muttered.
And yet.
Tony looked at him, amusement and relief clear on his face. Steve stalked out of the conference behind him, back straight, looking for all the world ex-military trying hard not to look ex-military.  Tony waited until they’d gotten in the car and Happy had closed the doors behind them to ask, “Something against LA, Steve?”
Jarvis’s voice broke through his thoughts. “Sir? One: James Barnes, sir.  He’s on the premises, trying to breach secure files.”
Tony was just wrapping up a modification to Butterfingers’s retrieval code when Rhodey came in through the garage elevator, bypassing the entry system entirely.  He looked exhausted, still in uniform and carrying a thin sheaf of papers.
Suddenly, his hand was pulled away, exposing the little line again before it was replaced by a soft pair of lips. Steve. A soft purring cane from his chest and slipped out of his lips without him even really noticing.
“May, please don’t make it about that. You don’t know what it’s like to have a heat-“
“Huh,” Tony said in response, mulling it over. He wanted to keep Steve happy, but he really did like just getting held and being the center of Steve’s attention for a while before he got extra needy. It made him feel safe and cared for which only made what came next even better. His brain was reeling when he had a thought, “that’s fine as long as your rut is all about you.”
“Mom’s famous homemade lasagna.”
“Sorry, Natasha.”
“Hey, soldier.”
“I swear I work with actual idiots.”
“Well, I can fix that,” Tony responded, although it was muffled because it was spoken into Steve’s chest. He pulled away from Steve, which made him whine at the lack of Tony in his arms, but Tony merely rolled his eyes and rifled through the cabinets until he found one of the protein bars that Tony and Steve used for their heats and ruts respectively. “Here this will hold you over until dinner is done.”
“Than just go in!” she snapped as though the solution was so simple. “I’m sorry,” she said. “I just have a long night ahead of me, and I need some help right now. Just go to the office and talk to the receptionist and tell her that you are one of Peter’s emergency contacts and have the authorization from me to call him off school for the rest of the week because he got his heat.” She was speaking slow and controlled as she might snap at any minute. He knew that he wasn’t great at some of the logistical sides of co-parenting – if that’s what they were going to call it – but it still hurt when she talked down to him so much.
Clint must have turned his hearing aids back on because he said, “have fun nailing that a- OW!” Natasha elbowed him in the ribs to shut him up. Steve couldn’t help but laugh.
“If!”
Steve was put on cheese spread duty as Tony put noodles in the now boiling water and started making the homemade tomato sauce. They were leaving out the meat and making meatballs in the side, so the meat and cheese weren’t together. As they worked, Tony turned on music, picking up with the sixty’s rock. He was keeping it pretty mellow, though, instead of some of the stuff he played. Steve expected it was because Peter was there and because they were trying to have a nice, quiet night together.
After a moment, Tony said, “so...”
“Are you and Tony getting unbonded?” Clint asked.
“Tony,” May interrupted suddenly choked up.
“Let’s clean up,” Steve announced. “Peter, are you staying the night here?”
“As I asked before, what do you know about a random explosion in a home lab upstate?” she asked this time looking frustrated.
“Peter, you gotta let go of Steve,” Tony tried again, attempting to remain calm but slowly losing patience.
“I’ll think about it.”
Natasha turned around to glare at her partner, but Steve could see a small smile sneaking up around the corners of her lips. “I’ll think about it.”
“Could you two focus?” Natasha asked.
“Sure thing,” Steve said as he grabbed a pot to put the water on to boil.  The rest would have to wait until Tony got out of the shower. “Well, I don’t know Tony’s recipe, but while we wait, how about a snack?”
“Yeah,” Steve agreed, although mostly he was distracted by the thought that he was a bad alpha.
“I know you, my Omega, and I know that no matter what you crave excitement, and interaction, and well... adventure. But recently, you just go down to the lab and work-“
“In fact, I think I’ll be able to come home early.”
Steve’s lip curved into a slight smile as a huff of a laugh came out. Clint was a spy and good at his job, but Steve had learned a few things over the years. Trying to incite an emotional reaction from him wasn’t going to work on him – despite having a reputation as a hothead. He appreciated his effort, though, it meant he cared. “No, Clint, but I’m glad you care enough to ask.”
“Yeah, yeah, let’s go,” Clint replied.
“What?” People couldn’t typically scent themselves.
“YES!”
“Sounds like a good thing to do.”
“Hiya, May, yeah it’s Steve.” A pause. “Yeah no, Peter will be staying here. He’s got his nest all set up, and he’s nice and comfortable.” Another pause. Dear God, Tony thought, he has that woman in the palm of his hand. “No no, Peter’s in no state to talk right now. Trust me he’d never forgive Tony and me if we went in there right now with him in that state,” he chuckled. He has the audacity to laugh. “No, that’ll be no problem. He’ll get everything worked out with the school tomorrow. Tony’s good like that,” Steve said and gave Tony a wink. Tony couldn’t understand the sheer gull of his man all the while he pretended that he was nothing more than the most perfect, innocent face America saw him as. “Yeah, now you take care, May, and don’t you worry Tony and I will take good real good care of Pete.” And just like that, he hung up like it was the easiest thing that ever happened.
“I am trying.”
“I didn’t know you stopped being Captain America and became Captain Obvious,” Clint replied, already over Natasha’s earlier scolding and back to his usual bad jokes, but it worked at getting a chuckle out of Steve.
(See the end of the chapter for
Clint, who was rubbing his tailbone where he fell, sprung up and agreed. “Yeah! We’re great listeners.”
“Steve,” Natasha said, “what do you know about a random explosion from a home lab upstate?”
“What happened? How bad is it?”
“I looked at the... stuff... and then I felt weird so I closed it and brought the whole thing,” Steve was speaking fast.
“Oh my god! It was so disgusting!”
“Awww,” Clint cooed while Natasha rolled her eyes and stood up, throwing him off her back.
“Uh, no...” Peter looked at little bashful. “I didn’t eat any lunch because we always have really good food here and so I was saving room-“ Peter was cut off by growling in his stomach.
Steve’s scoffed, “Babe, your heat is here. I can smell it.”
“How is it sexist? You have a heat, and I don’t,” he asked looking panicked. He was always worried that he was too old fashioned for his new age mate and that one day he’d say something that actually offended Tony even if it wasn’t intentional. Tony took pity on him and let upon the act.
“Probably went somewhere and died, and is decomposing.”
“Fine!” he snapped and began pushing against Peter’s middle as Tony pulled. Peter whined tried to hold on tighter, but it was no use. After a couple of moments, his vice grip on Steve was broken and fell on top of Tony causing both to crumple on the ground. “Babe, are you okay?” Steve made to move to pick up his mate.
“Well, I suppose that’s what friends are for.”
“Maybe I could find another way to convince you,” Steve suggested. Both of them laughed as Steve pressed their lips together. It was one of those sweet kisses shared in between giggles that were chaste but loving, showing nothing but pure adoration.
“How’s James doing?” Natasha asked, interrupting his thoughts.
“Hey, Tony! I got off of school early because the cafeteria gave half the kids food poisoning, and everyone threw up in- oh my god!”
“You’re getting stir crazy, and honestly, you’re just so focused on trying to get pregnant. Don’t get me wrong I want a baby, and I’m glad that we are trying... It’s just, seeing you get worked up like this... doesn’t feel right.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Peter?” Steve asked.
