“Um alright.” Dean did what he was told, curious to find out what this was about. Cas didn’t look mad, more like anxious and he wanted to know why. “What’s going on?”
“Nope. I wanted to give you guys an actual break. I’m sure your other professors gave you enough to worry about.”
One they rounded back towards where everyone else was they approached the crowd and began giving out directions. Charlie was supposed to guard one of the side entrances and Chuck the other on the opposite side, Gabe was with Sam to come through the back, and Dean was set to bust through the front.
Depending on what time it was the man was no doubt waiting for him to pick him up for their date. He had no clue how long he was unconscious for, there were no windows in this building so his concept of time was void. Dick bent to his knees in front of Castiel and put his hands on his thighs.
He wanted to pair it with a black shirt as he had on that day. Gabriel insisted he did so because it brought out the blue in his eyes. With much protest he finally gave in and he couldn’t help but to admit that his brother had been right. He laid all of the clothes on his bedspread and went to take a shower.
When they arrived at his house he placed a kiss to Dean’s forehead and left the car with a whispered goodbye.
“Hey Cas, is just as much my best friend as he is your boyfriend. He’s also got a father and brother who love him dearly. You aren’t the only one willing to fight for him Dean.”
Looking back, the legions of Hell were following him, still growing in numbers, attacking from every side. Once again, his wings were smouldering, arrows, spears, and blades piercing every part of his body. With every turn he took to evade his pursuers, his power dwindled. He already could see his destination, but he knew for sure, he wouldn’t make it. They wouldn’t make it.
Castiel rolled his eyes and let himself fall back on the couch, propping up his feet. Dean could wait. After all, his best friend deserved it, raking up this old story once again.
“What, Cas?” Dean returned. “The bunker’s the safest place I can think of. And he left it with them to fly a fucking kite!”
The battle had left heavy marks on him. His wings were singed, several feathers smouldering, and he barely had kept his ability of flight. One of his heads had been severely wounded. Yet he had been the lucky one. Their losses had been enormous. From his unit, only Uriel had survived their last attack as far as he could tell and even he had been forced to flee, heavily wounded. Everyone else had been slaughtered in their attempt to breach the last gate on their way to this cursed circle of Hell. It was the deepest and worst as far as he could assess. The fires, the heat, the stench, the screams, the despair – everything reeked of human misery and utter hopelessness.
Soon after, his fingers were on Dean’s shirt, slowly opening one button after the other. He took his time, letting his lips brush over every part of Dean’s skin he could reach. Soon, Dean’s jacket and shirt were gone, yet Castiel’s lips and fingers remained, still trying to cover as much skin as possible.
“This is you in 1951, isn’t it?” Sam asked, turning towards the principal, his gun already raised. “You don’t look a day older. Congrats for keeping up such a good shape. I think some of these kids on this photo are now staying here. Am I right? You de-aged them. Why?”
Cas glared at him, yet a tiny upwards tick of the corners of his mouth betrayed his demeanour. A swift movement of his hand provoked another gasp from Dean.
” He pressed the heels of his hands onto his eyes. “I stopped, just stopped. I hesitated a moment too long and then she attacked Claire,” reminded of what had happened, Dean dropped his head in frustration and self-loathing. The witch had been right there in front of him and all he had to do was to pull the trigger. Now Dean was sitting in the back of the Impala, barely able to move, apparently in the middle of nowhere.
“Oh, no!” Donna gasped, realising her mistake and clasped her hands over her mouth. “I’m so sorry, Claire. My big mouth talked before I could think twice.”
Suddenly, Dean’s hand was cupping Cas’ jaw, his thumb brushing away a falling teardrop. Before Cas closed his eyes, Dean would have sworn the angel had longingly glanced at Dean’s lips, sadness lingering on his face.
If you're playing yourself, have a great and fun week gishing, if not, have a great and fun week too, whatever you are doing.
Hands were soothingly brushing over his back. Minutes passed, or hours, he wasn’t sure. It didn’t matter. Cas was here, and for the first time in years, probably forever, Dean felt safe.
His hand found Cas’ nape again, even though he actually had never lost contact ever since he had woken up. When his fingers caressed the short hair, travelling to the soft skin behind Cas’ ear, the angel stirred, rubbing his sleepy face over Dean’s shoulder, slowly opening his eyes. They were staring at him, deep and so blue, filled with adoration and love. An embarrassingly broad smile crept over Dean’s face. This. This was what he wanted to wake up to every morning for the rest of his life.
“No, I drove straight back to you. Although I have studied human behaviour for a while, I don’t think I am qualified to take care of a child.”
So Sam and Cas now drove through Kansas in one of the bunker’s classic cars. Even though his brother would probably stay in the bunker the whole time, Dean wouldn’t lend them the Impala. He had claimed that he might need her in case he had some errands to run. Instead of picking an argument with his pigheaded brother, Sam had relented and taken a dark blue Ford Thunderbird from 1955.
“Jesus Christ! Castiel? That really you? What’s happening?” Sam’s confused voice sounded through the barn.
Castiel wanted more but they were stopped far too soon when someone harrumphed behind them, startling them both. “You could have at least dressed accordingly while you waited,” Sam remarked teasingly, “Luckily for you, Jack anticipated that as well.” He handed them each a suit bag and set a mysterious box on the beach.
The boy looked up, tears running down his face and blood trickling from a cut at his temple. “Who are you? Where’s Dean? Do you know my dad?”
“Jodes? Yeah, it’s Dean. ... Hey, I’m no stranger. Listen, we might need a little favour.” Castiel watched his friend talking on the phone, drumming his fingers nervously on the table while he talked to the sheriff. If he wanted, he could listen into their whole conversation, but he trusted Dean to tell him the important information afterwards. This way, he could concentrate more on Dean and have an eye on Sammy and Jack who were playing some game over at one of the other tables.
Life certainly did, though in his physical state Dean wouldn’t even shoot the baddy this time. He had let the witch escape and had failed once again.
Castiel didn’t know what to do or how to act. This wasn’t happening. This couldn’t be happening. He must have misinterpreted the whole situation. Dean couldn’t ...
It would just be another moment until his consciousness would be gone, until he would sleep for eternity. He tried to commemorate one last image in his mind, emerald eyes, a hearty smile, and the infinite love radiating from the man he had fallen for, in every way possible.
“Nah. We’ll stop by and get our stuff. That’s it. Nothing more. Don’t want to spend my first time with you in some random fleabag on the road.”
Donna took a deep breath. The whole room felt taut. Everyone waited for the moment when their friends would finally manage to get it together. These two simply couldn’t evade each other any longer.
“Don’t ever name your kid after me. Just don’t!” Dean had broken free from their hug and looked at his brother sternly, underlining his words with a raised index finger. “Seriously, don’t!”
And then there was Cas. The best damn thing that ever happened to him. How could he have lucked out this much? The one being with a mind of its own in the whole universe had raised him from Perdition and had fallen for him, in every possible way. Cas knew him inside out, had seen him in his darkest hours, had been with him literally through Heaven and Hell, through Purgatory, and he still loved him.
Said angel just now climbed out of the passenger door and turned towards him, elevating an eyebrow questioningly.
“Back in the dungeon. Did you mean it, Cas?” Dean faced his friend, staring him right in the eye. “Did you mean what you told me?” The hunter's hands were balled into fists and his whole body looked strained.
“I didn’t do shit. I wanted to. Hell, I tried everything. But there is nothing. Not one written source that even knows the Empty is a thing. It’s like it never existed. Rowena couldn’t help either.” Desperation was woven into Dean’s words. But the words he didn’t say were the ones that weighed the most on Castiel. Dean had tried to save him. He hadn’t given up on him.
As if Dean had felt his longing, his friend turned towards him, looking up. When his eyes fell on Castiel, Dean was smiling over his whole face. His eyes were shining. Castiel let his own eyes wander down, freely, and without fear of his feelings towards his best friend being discovered, admiring the body he once had rebuilt atom for atom. When he looked up, Dean was still staring, his cheeks flushed, and his breathing and heartbeat accelerated.
Dean stumbled into the room, turning on the lights, only to find what he had dreaded. Sammy was gone.
“What if I did?” Castiel got bolder, encouraged by Dean’s mumbled words, and let his hand run through Dean’s hair at the back of his head, his gaze never wavering.
“They all knew,” Cas sounded as amazed as he was. “Meg, Crowley, Balthasar, Metatron, Ishim – all of them. Almost every angel and demon we encountered through the years.”
However, he trusted the kid enough to be safe in the bunker. Not that he would admit that out loud. Jack wouldn’t turn his powers against the people nearest to him as long as he wasn’t threatened, and, at the same time, the bunker was the safest place to keep Jack safe from other parties.
Dean’s head shot up, and he stared at his husband’s eyes. Would there ever be a time he grew accustomed to the feeling of belonging he experienced every time he looked at them? Unable to find the right words to describe the emotions crushing him, he did the one thing he knew – taking action. Climbing onto Cas’ lap, Dean’s hand’s buried into his husband’s hair and covered his mouth with his own.
However, taking care of Sammy was only part of his current fucked up situation. Every time Cas only hinted at hunting alone, flashes of a pair of black wings burned into the soil beneath him passed in front of his eyes and he started to feel the panic rising through his whole body again. The flames of Cas’ pyre never stopped hunting him. Dean took a deep breath to steady his nerves.
“Looks like we found its favourite plaything. Now it’s clear why it never bothered with us.” Gabriel looked at Dean and back at Cas. “Oh! That’s it.” His eyes lit up. “You’re here for your boyfriend. And here I was, thinking Heaven was just too boring for a Winchester.”
“Morning!” Sam entered the kitchen oblivious of what he had stumbled into, crossing the room on his way to the coffee pot and a bowl of cereals.
“So you don’t need to worry anymore? You’re worse than Jody and Cas.” Sam could picture her teenage petulance when it came to hunting. It didn’t take much, especially after he had grown up with Dean. “Yeah, okay. I’ll message you. Happy now?”
“Look buddy. Clearly he doesn’t want anything to do with you so leave ‘im alone.” Dean tried to choke down his anger and remain calm but dammit was it hard.
He heard his phone in the background, vibrating violently from several texts received. He poured the hot black liquid into a mug and retreated back to his desk. On the screen he found texts from Cas. This was the kicker he needed to perk up his mood.
See he was still amped up from his visit with Dean. They’d watched the first Tremor movie, it was funnier than the thriller that it was intended to be. When Dean had put the second one on they barely watched the first 30 minutes of it. Dean was laying on his lap, a hand holding his knee. Castiel felt the need to card his hands through the soft looking hair.
Soooooo my muse is tossing itself between three different stories. Today it was this one so I have a tiny bit to add to it. Anyways enjoy! I'm taking requests for this one if you guys have any.
He didn’t know why his presence was desired since neither of them knew who was visiting in the middle of the day, but he got dressed and joined him. The bell began to ring again even as Dean yelled out once they made it to the living room. Castiel decided to hang by the couch and let Dean do his thing. He watched as the man angrily unlocked the door and swung it open.
Castiel looked up at this and was honestly shocked. He searched Dean’s eyes for any thread of deceit and when he found none that made his mood rise just a little. To think that Dean would take him as he is whether or not he knew the truth was baffling. How could he have so much trust in him?
He was in the middle of carrying some of the lights and other equipment that the studio provided when he got a call from none other than Gabriel, he could hear the mischievous smile in his voice.
Dean had almost let slip that Cas should keep some stuff here so that he wouldn’t have a lug a bag around every time he stayed over, but he clamped his mouth shut before her spoke. They'd only been dating for about a month now and to suggest something like that was too soon.
And so, it began, another session of eye tiring reading looking for something Dean wasn’t even sure if it actually existed. This wasn’t the first time and it surely wouldn’t be the last seeing as how his family, on both sides, had been looking for this map for a good 50 years.
Sam rolled his eyes but he put on what he knew his brother would want to listen to. He then looked to see if Castiel had any rebuttal to this and he shrugged in response. He didn’t mind Dean’s music, he’d gotten accustomed to it over their time together.
“You gotta find a third. No offense to y’all but I’d rather you round it out a little bit with another person. Guilda ain’t to experienced in the field and these witches aint nothing to slouch on.I want you armed to your eyeballs.”
“That one bakes much better if you’re making an apple pie. The other is better for sweet potato because it crisps up real nice.” He offered.
day he sent him a text, telling him to meet him at the roadhouse so they could talk. He picked the roadhouse for several reasons, the first one being that it was a place that Balthazar would never think to go to, second it was familiar to Castiel, and lastly they knew him there. If things got out of hand he knew Jo and Ellen would have his back.
Cas is different in every sense of the word. He’d like an other worldly being, pure and untouched, that was thrusted into a human body and forced to deal with the evil of the world. It wasn’t fair to him, and now it was extremely personal to Dean. This wasn’t a case anymore, probably stopped being one the moment he laid eyes on him at the Roadhouse. It was almost comical how the man was obliviously worming his way into Dean’s life and family. If it weren’t for the whole life and death thing it would be hilarious.
They were now headed to the diner just outside of campus where they always ate. It was quaint, small, and old fashioned. It was everything he liked in a hangout spot. They were greeted by the usual waitress and she sat them in their booth and promised to be right back to take their order.
Dean payed for their meal even after all of Cas’ fussing. They left side by side their hands brushing as they walked to the car. They drove back to Cas’ house to the sound of Led Zepplin. Sitting in front of the house Cas wanted to invite Dean back inside and Dean didn’t know if he would be pushing too far by asking to go back inside.
“Fucking hell.” Castiel rubs a hand down his face, feeling the hot, course anger start to run through his veins.
Dean made his way into the house, tossing his jacket and bag on the couch. He found his brother with smashed baby food on his face and on the baby’s face. Green goop was splattered on the tray of Mark’s high-chair. It was even in Sam’s hair that he’s always been so proud of. Dean couldn’t help, but be cheered up at the sight. The dark clouds of his bad mood still hung in the air, but he knew his brother would make it better.
“Castiel, come in out of that cold.” She opened the door and immediately ushered him in. “I told you I could’ve given you a ride.”
“You can’t possibly know that due to the fact that you were more concerned about your ‘friends’ than me.”
“So Dean, Jody said her and her people on their way. Do you have a count on how many guys Roman has?”
Once he picked up Cas they headed over to his favorite steak shop in town. He took Sammy here when he first moved to Sioux Falls. It was only a couple months after Jess’ funeral and Sammy wanted a fresh place to start. What better place then around the corner from your brother? Dean was excited that day that Sammy had signed all the paperwork and was officially a homeowner. They went out to the steak house with Bobby and Ellen to celebrate their sudden reunion.
Castiel crawled into the bed with Dean after their much needed shower. Nothing sexual transpired and Castiel was glad for that. He was pretty sure Dean was holding himself back for his sake, and that made him even happier. All the emotions that flowed exhausted him. He just wanted to cuddle in Dean’s arms until sleep overtook him.
“Then don’t. Let’s spend the day together and you’ll be so preoccupied you won’t even have to worry about it.”
He took the risk of paying for a full month, having a good feeling about it. The woman at the front desk was all manners of lovely, she exuded this intense maternal energy that he was instantly drawn too. It was an energy similar to his mothers, which was why he allowed himself to openly meet eyes with this woman. Her aura was slightly different though, where his mother’s was very mellow in its intensity, like a warm blanket that wrapped around you in times of need, this woman’s was like a support force that could pick you up when you have fallen. Castiel certainly felt like he fell, and being in this woman’s company had lightened his load if only for a little while. She didn’t seem to have the same response that other people had when his eyes met theirs, she’d simply given him her name, Mary. They talked for a little bit while she put in his information for his stay. Usually places like these asked for a home address, but she didn’t. She told him how she lived in town and that he’d enjoy his time here, little bits of small talk floated between them and it was refreshing not to immediately be taken into a heavy conversation. As she gave him the key to the room they parted with one last bit of information.
*                             *                             *                             *                             *                             *
Dinner at the diner was nice, the service was quick as it usually was and conversation between the two men flowed freely. Dean did most of the talking, Castiel had never been one with too many words. They shared light hearted stories of their past. Dean told an erroneous story about how he and Sam had stashed some of their plastic army men in the vents of the Impala so that they wouldn’t lose them, apparently you can still hear the little rattle whenever he ran the heat. Castiel had told his own tale about how he found an injured rat outside while playing and convinced his rodent fearing mother to let him keep it.
“I want you to do a bit more for the front end as my reading schedule has gotten a little more hectic.”
“How about you and I get undressed so we can enjoy your unexpected purchase?” he walked out of Dean’s hold and tore his shirt over his head.
Castiel was always wary of over friendly people, not just for the affect that he seemed to have on them, but anyone could be an agent for
“I don’t ever want to go to a place like that with you again.” He kept his voice as firm as possible to get his point across.
He hummed in response and went back to his books. It’s not that he didn’t trust Charlie to not let anything happen to him, it was just when she was having fun she had the attention span of a goldfish on speed. With the bulk of the conversation out of the way everyone returned to their work. It was long until everyone was yawning and looking for a distraction. Kevin politely suggested getting coffee and he took down everyone’s orders, excusing himself to go to the school’s café. They didn’t have the best brew or any of the fancy additives that a local shop would have, but caffeine was caffeine at this point.
Going to class and doing assignments were never too hard for Castiel. He took notes, he did his projects, made sure he paid the upmost attention during every session. Today, however, was extremely difficult for him. Watching Dean try to teach when the man was clearly distressed was the single most difficult class session he’d ever attended. The forced smile, the lack of enthusiasm, he mainly sat at his desk and rambled for a while before just giving up entirely and turning the class loose to read on their own. His heart burned with sadness for the man. To the average student it probably appeared that Dean was tired and had a rough morning, but Castiel knew better than that. Dean taught with such brightness, he gave the upmost detail on every subject they touched on. He smiled when he taught, moved around the room like every day was exciting and new for him, it was truly beautiful to watch. Today was more than a bad day, Dean looked like he was.....mourning.
He pulled Castiel forward until his shaft reached his lips and his thighs sat framing Dean’s head. He got the gist of what was going on when Dean tilted his head up and began sucking on him. He used his hands on Castiel to push his hips forward so he wouldn’t have to put too much strain on his neck. Dean loved hearing all the moans and sighs he could pull from his boyfriend. It lit a fire within him that was threatening to burst open with pure animal instinct. He had to pull the reigns back though since this was their first time together.
He waited patiently while Dean gathered himself together. He rubbed his back, not minding the sweat and heat that it was emitting. Slowly he withdrew his fingers, wiping them on the apron as he observed Dean come down.
“Been better. But can you like go in the bathroom or something. I want to talk to you about Dean and I don’t want him eavesdropping.”
“Wait no! That’s not entirely what I’m here for.” His eyes looked between Balthazar’s smug grin, and Castiel’s angry packing. “I do want you to be happy man. You edited the scene we did, you with that camera and Dean got instant chemistry. The guy almost said your name when he came.”
She started the car and peeled out of the parking lot. It took every fiber of self control in her not to run his ass over. She glanced over to see Castiel finally letting the tears go. He sobbed into his hand, the ugly painful kind of cry that comes from deep within. His whole day plummeted with his decaying mood. Castiel felt he should’ve expected this. It always rains after the sun shines.
“You’ll regret this Charles.” He threw over his shoulder as he exited the door and slammed it behind him.
Sam was reluctant. He knew he would suffer a storm of Dean’s wrath for telling their Dad in on what was happening. But a tiny part of him really did desire to have their father as part of their life again, without all the problems of course. So he took the plunge and filled his Dad in on all that transpired that day. His father listened pretty attentively, Sam was surprised by that. He didn’t interrupt at all, didn’t utter a word until Sam was done.
Grabbing Castiel’s arm he tugged him over to a men’s clothing store. Maybe Balthazar would be more help than he thought he would be. Dean’s fashion sense was more of the comfortable variety, and when he dressed up it was more casually polished. Once they got inside the store he had a look around, this place wasn’t for his man at all. Sure they had some nice t-shirts, but the section that Balthazar dragged him to was—men’s intimates. Lace and satin boxers, see through mesh tops, he couldn’t possibly buy any of this stuff, let alone present it to the man.
Dean wanted to pick Castiel up, but for some odd reason he’d rather walk in the blistering cold. Dean took advantage of this time to clean up a little bit and setup the living room for a cozy night in. He had his tv ready for them to start where they left of a couple weeks ago with the Avengers movie. He brought some blankets from his bedroom and spread them on the couch along with some random pillows. He knows Cas has been studying quite hard and just wanted to show him a relaxing night. He was just putting all of his exam stuff away when he received a knock on the door.
trip to the room he was in the middle of taking his pants off, and by the last he was in the position that was requested of him.
He found him in the kitchen and it looked a mess. Batter splayed across the counter, piles of flour everywhere, flour in his father’s hair, and some mysterious red goo dripped all over the floor. His father turned away from the sink with a small, sad smile on his face. It was odd to see the man attempting to cook. He had never been gifted in the kitchen, only able to make small easy dishes. The gourmet meals were left to his mother, she was the cook of the family, where Gabriel had inherited talent from. Castiel took after his father, not knowing his way from the refrigerator to the stove.
“Sam it makes more sense to have me go alone in the front. Gabe isn’t experienced and you’ll need backup.”
As soon as he got in his room, he ripped his clothes from him and took a long hot shower. This Inn by far was the nicest place he’d ever stayed, including that little sublet rental he’d had back in Chicago. The water pressure was nice, every day he had fresh sheets, all the appliances in the room worked. It was wonderful. Midway through him rinsing out his hair he’d heard the kettle start to blow. Quickly toweling off he walked into the room bare, and still dripping to make his tea. Dressed in ratty old sweatpants that belonged to his brother, and a secondhand sweater he settled with his travel mug and his book on the bed.
“I think you should. Worse thing you can get is a no. And if he does say no then he’s not worth your time.” Dean tried as subtly as he could to move closer to him.
“Why did you rape me!” he yelled back. His anger was rising, flowing through every vessel in his body. The anger that he wanted to let out for so long, but he couldn’t, wouldn’t. “You took advantage of my feelings for you and you ruined me! Now I’m happy with someone else and you can’t stand that for once! Once in your damned life you lost!”
Friday came soon. Faster than Dean could realize. Mid terms whizzed by with the week and now he had a ton of grading to struggle through. Most of the exam was multiple choice which made his life a hell of a lot easier. He was now getting out the shower getting dressed for the party. He was nervous and excited he’d get to dance and spend quality time with Cas since they weren’t able with exams happening. But he was nervous to meet his older brother. Plus he’s a professor attending a college party. His costume didn’t have a mask but it did have a hat so if he spotted anyone he recognized he could pull it down to hide his face. He couldn’t resist being Indiana Jones.
“He told me you have a boyfriend. Some low life car man with no ambition. You must know that someone like that isn’t worth
Why can't he simply say no to these people!? It was immensely frustrating that he keeps putting himself in these nerve wrecking situations. Yes he's much less nervous than he was last time, but they're still there, fluttering in his stomach, and making him quite a mess. Mary decided that it was time for Castiel to come over for dinner again. She made a giant supply of stir fry and it was imperative that he try it. It was a recipe that she'd found online, and she seemed pretty sure that he'd enjoy it.
He shrugged his coat off and walked about two feet to the side of the child. Mark smiled and tossed the ball as hard as he could, having no sense of direction it almost went to the far left of where Castiel was standing. He caught it with ease though and Mark clapped excitedly and walked around in a circle before he got into a squatting position, looking at him expectedly to throw it back. He did, in the slowest under-handed toss he could manage. Mark missed it completely and it landed at his feet. He bent to pick it up and still giggled before throwing it back to him.
Walking inside he didn’t bother to close the door. He looked at Dean lying in the same position he had left him in. His eyes looked so distant as he stared at the ceiling barely blinking. He hadn’t even acknowledged Castiel walking back into the room, he was very lost in his thoughts.
“Because it ain’t natural. It’s wrong and I thought I taught you better than that. Now I’m locked up cause you couldn’t heed my teachings.”
Just then Dean walked out of the bathroom in his regular clothes and that shining smile back on his face. He completely bypassed Gabriel and went right for Castiel. He found it quite hard to look the other man in the eye after all of that.
He expected to see his brother when he opened it but he was instead greeted with a mess of tousled dark hair and piercing blue eyes. Cas stood there wearing his trench coat and a button up with the top 3 buttons open and jeans that looked delightfully snug on his strong thighs.
Cas clearly had other plans grabbing Dean’s wrist and pulling him to join him on the bed. He scooted up to lay in the middle of the bed all while dragging Dean to lay on top of him. Dean used one of his elbows to hold him slightly above Castiel so that he could keep looking into his eyes. He was in a trance of sorts and had no qualms with being dragged down further. Cas put a hand to Dean’s cheek rubbing at the stubble on his face since he hadn’t shaved all weekend. Crashing their lips together in a much needed kiss Dean swallowed down Cas’ sighs and affections. He would take whatever the man had offered. Cas reached his arms around rubbing up and down Dean’s back as they kissed. Heat was pooling in his stomach and he had to put a mental brace around his impending arousal.
Sam made another pitiful attempt at getting a handful of mac and cheese, the sound of wood hitting skin brought Dean out of his trip down memory lane. He turned to see his brother rubbing his reddened hand and pouting face. He laughed out loud at Sammy’s demise.
Cas burrowed his eyebrows and his eyes darted left to right like he was thinking about a proper answer to Dean’s question.
He was greeted with a smile, Dean in a botton-up, and well displayed spaghetti on fancy looking China. The tablet even had a table cloth on it, and a metal bucket with a wine bottle chilling off to the side.
Friday afternoon brought that vicious nervousness that he got every time he and Dean were getting together. The seed of attraction was long planted between the two of them and it was certainly growing with every kiss shared. It was equal parts lovely and terrifying. All new territory was the ground he walked on now. They were supposed to meet up after Dean got out of work to do some furniture shopping. He hadn’t decided what kind of look to go for, despite Dean’s heavy amount of suggestion. He’d never had options like this. Never knew he could have options. With the sad thought of possibly leaving always scratching at his thoughts he still tried to be optimistic. The only thing he decided in terms of decoration was he wanted his bedroom to be in earth tones.
“I got to meet my grandson the other day. The boy is big. He’s gonna be tall like Sam, I can tell. When you gonna come by? Bobby been grumbling about you.” His father let out another breezy laugh.
“Look at this Dean.” He showed him a picture of Balthazar in front of a tall and lit up building he said he took when he was in Tokyo.
Sure enough Dean looked past the man and saw Cas with his arms folded at his chest and his eyes glaring straight at his brother.
Pulling out the chair across from him, he only took his seat when Dean was settled. For someone that had such a huge detest for vegetables he never opposed anything that Castiel made for him. He dug into the salad with the same veracity that he ate his meat.
“Yeah—and when your mother died—well a big chunk of me died with her, the part that held all my dreams and plans. All that was left were the broken pieces of the man you know as your Dad.”
All the men in that house knew better than to argue with Ellen. They sat around the table, each setting up their plates and silverware ready for the dishes to be laid on the table. No one spoke. Not a word was uttered. The tension was changing to palpable and it was unknown when one of them would break and an argument would surface. Dean felt like he couldn’t get enough air in his lungs at one time. Sam must’ve sensed his discomfort because he hid his hand under the table and softly touched Dean’s knee. That was one of the ways Sam had always calmed him down over the years. He tried to find solace in that touch.
He obeyed and let his eyes flutter closed as Cas guided him under the shower head and rubbed all the soap out of his hair. When he had done the whole thing twice he turned Dean to face him, lust in his eyes as he slowly sank to his knees. Dean couldn’t help the small moan that left his lips at the actions. Cas took him deep in his mouth with as much suction as his mouth could make, bobbing his head fast and unstoppable.
It seems like that was permission they both needed. Castiel erupted over his hand with a long, drawn out groan, body curling in on itself just as Dean was on a loop of ‘fuck, fuck, fuck’ as they finished in unison. Silence all around as they both took the time they needed to come down from the high. He rearranged himself to lying on his back and took his discarded t-shirt to clean himself up. Dean was the first to speak though.
“Hey guys nice to meet you.” Sam kept his eyes on Dean. Clearly giving Dean his approval of Cas. “I’m gonna go and get some beers. Anything in particular you guys want?”
“Yeah I know Sammy. Maybe after the semester is over I’ll go over there. Give Bobby and the girls my best.”
Dean felt his eyes well up with tears as he read through the email twice. He looked up to find everyone’s eyes trained on him once again. He smiled even through the tears that were falling down his face. He could finally give hope to himself and all those involved.
Dean found himself in the crowded grocery store looking high and low for pie crusts. Sure there were a ton of other things on his list for him to get, but this was the most important to him. What’s a family dinner without at least 5 pies? There was a woman standing by the freezer he needed to get to. She held two different brands in her hand clearly debating.
The deal, he couldn’t give two shits about that. His father was just as stubborn as he was and that wasn’t going to happen. But where Dean was concerned, well Dick had crossed the line as usual. Dean gave him everything he could ever want in a relationship, even things he wouldn’t even know to ask for. The man was selfless with his friends and his family, adding Castiel to the list. They grew so in tune with each other so quick, and things were great between them. Sure Dean has his bad days, but everyone does including himself. Even when they’re at their lowest they know that they’ll always come back together eventually.
“Stop it!” Fists hammered onto his chest before Dean finally slumped down into his arms, mumbling barely recognisable words into his coat-clad shoulder. “Shit! This won’t fucking work. I’m not made for this. Whatever
“Yes, you will.” It wasn’t a question if it would happen only when. Castiel was fine with it however.
When he turned to plant a kiss at the crown of Cas’ head, someone in the room cleared their throat. Dean’s eyes flew open to stare right into the face of his grinning brother.
“I might not need to, but I want to.” Steady hands guided Dean down, until he was back on his back, their lips still connected. “Stay,” Cas demanded firmly. Damn, his angel could be bossy.
. There was no way Dean would give in. As much as his body tried to convince him time and again, Dean most certainly would not cross
“So you would want to do it again?” he asked, hopefully, yet already confident enough to use a teasing tone. He already couldn’t wait to recreate the feeling, again and again. “Now?”
But since this wasn’t real anyway – it just couldn’t be - there was no harm in saying it. Right? Right.
“Morning, Cas.” His friend gave him a stunning smile despite his tired appearance when he crossed the room towards the counter and the coffee pot, while the younger Winchester waved excitedly and came running towards him, climbing on his lap.
“You’re a frigging killjoy, you know that, right?” Dean grumbled, “Can’t you just mojo me up?” He wiggled his eyebrows, new hope visible on his face.
"That's your side of the bed, kiddo. Stay there. Don't crowd my space." As was usual, Dean’s words were harsher than his deeds. His lips brushed the top of his brother’s head when he stroked the hair on the tiny head before heading over to his side, carefully covering his laptop and putting it away safely. He didn’t need Sammy to have a look at it too closely. For the sake of Sammy’s sanity – at least as long as Sam was in his current form – and other obvious reasons, he had to cancel his planned relaxation for tonight.
Dean’s eyes opened, glancing at Castiel. Suddenly, Dean’s hands were on Castiel’s face. Thumbs brushed over his cheeks and Castiel did his best not to purr. This felt heavenly. Wordlessly, only through his eyes, Dean asked for permission, and, with a single nod, Castiel gave it.
“Cas!” Dean jumped up, leaning onto the nearest shelf, quickly wiping his face with his hands and trying to hide his red brimmed eyes. Relief and the shadow of a smile flit over Dean’s face before his posture turned grave once more, only to change again as if Dean had shoved all of his feelings behind a wall and shut them out. All this happened so fast, a human would have had a hard time to realise anything was wrong at all. An angel unused to human company wouldn’t be any wiser, though. It had taken Castiel years to comprehend the majority of the most common human facial expressions. He still erred sometimes. It was such a foreign concept of communication.
The witch jumped up to her feet. So this was it. Claire had poked a sleeping bear and now it would attack and shred her. Sure, she still could shoot, but there were too many people around, not to mention the camera hidden in one of the room’s corners. She wouldn’t get far when she murdered the witch right here. Talk about following in the Winchester’s footsteps. Somehow she had to keep herself from crossing that line. Claire liked to live her life under the radar. Not to mention the trouble that would bring for Jody. What had felt like a relatively safe place when she had planned the capture had now become a trap.
Cas was up as well, his wings having once again vanished. Only his wrinkled coat was a sign that Dean hadn’t dreamt this up.
With the help of the wall and some of his furniture Dean eventually made it to the bed where he sat down with a groan, not even bothering to change out of his clothes before he lied down and fell asleep immediately.
Castiel returned to his kneeing position, trying to calm himself, before he squeezed some lube onto his hand. What if he failed? Dean was so experienced whereas he had barely anything to offer.
She stepped right in front of him, boring her index into his chest. “Dean Winchester. You are the most annoying man I know. Come here.” With that she hugged him as tightly as she had Cas. “And don’t you dare to die again. It would devastate your brother.” On a softer note, she added, almost whispering as if it was just meant for him, “I’m happy for you two.”
“That’s not what I meant.” Dean was still grumpy but Castiel could perceive the nervousness hidden underneath.
A manic expression on her face, the witch glared at her. Claire knew what was coming. With a flick of her wrist the witch aimed at Claire. Time seemed to have stopped, all noises dulled and only creepy silence remained. Waiters walked in slow motion. Claire’s eyes were fixed on the impossibly slowly moving hand, wrists still cuffed. Although Claire knew the feeling of impending doom, it never got old. It didn’t matter how often she had been in a fight for life and death –
Right, the vamps. The suckers who had nearly managed to off him. How had that happened? Seriously, he had fought whole nests on his own before. His attention turned to the blood soaked metal projecting out of the post. Rebar, after everything he was almost done in by a piece of fucking rebar.
Later, when the haze finally lifted, his heart still floating in spheres he never knew existed, he wasn’t sure whose cock had come free first. And it didn’t matter. Looking into the blue eyes that were staring at him right at this moment, he could see all his love reflected in there, feeling the goose bumps rising on his skin, the storm of butterflies flying freely in his chest.
He let his head fall back, baring his neck further. His arms were still hanging loosely down his body. Dean was smiling. Having closed his eyes, Castiel didn’t see him but not only was Dean radiating a rarely encountered happiness but he could feel it every time Dean’s mouth grazed his skin.
“Damn it! No, I didn’t ask him. I didn’t talk to him. What should I say? Hey, buddy, did you mean what you told me, before the Empty, you know, swallowed you whole? If you remember anything at all, that is.”
“How does it even work? The energy thing I mean? You gain life energy, sure, but doesn’t the transformation take as much at the same time? Doesn’t make sense. Then again, you witches don’t make sense at all. No offense.”
They arrived at their destination after the sun had already set. Dean had called Claire and now steered Baby in the parking lot of a decent looking motel where she was already staying and had reserved a room for them.
Damn it. There shouldn't be ghosts in the bunker, again. Yet, if he knew something, there was always something going bump in the night. When he headed out searching for whatever might have entered the bunker uninvited this time, he nearly stumbled over the little bundle that was crouching huddled in a blanket at the doorframe.
“We already talked about that particular topic and I remember vividly your first tease of it this morning.” Castiel grinned.
“Okay. I’ll just leave you two to figure that out on your own.” And with that, Sam left them and started rushing towards the other end of the beach where Jack and Eileen were working, or rather where they were standing while Jack materialised a complete wedding venue out of thin air.
Dean looked down on himself, chuckling. “You’re not wrong, these clothes are a mess. And I really could use a shower. Care to join me?” Dean’s smirk vanished and he faltered. “Shit, Cas. I’m sorry. I’m still adjusting to taking it slow.”
“Shh.” Dean put his index finger over Cas lips, shushing him. “You’re the most selfless being I know. You always did what you thought was right, not once questioning what it meant for you. You single-handedly saved Heaven and stopped a freakin’ Apocalypse and no one ever thanked you for it. No one ever told you that you’re loved. No one told you how much you’re loved. How much you mean to us, how much you mean to
“I don’t understand. Why should I want more?” Cas tilted his head and furrowed his brow. “Besides, you never were broken. Hurt, tortured, a twisted version of yourself? Then, yes, you were. Taken over by forces older than the universe, forces that never saw more in you than a tool or pawn for their games and politics? Yes, that’s true, but you always fought. Dean, you always fought until the end.”
“I don’t ...” Castiel stepped forward. He could feel the heat Dean’s body radiated and was drawn to it like a moth to a flame. They were standing close, their arms almost touching, but Dean didn’t seem to mind. Sighing internally, Castiel turned his attention away from his friend and had a closer look at the contraption. “Oh!” His eyes grew wide, immediately glancing back at Dean.
As soon as Sam had interrupted them, Dean’s right hand had wandered down and found Castiel’s lower back, still resting there now. The closeness and heat between them, standing only inches apart and next to each other, combined with vivid images Dean provided, Castiel’s mind wandered, especially after Dean’s hand started to move even lower. He imagined Dean bent over the War Table, pinned beneath him, completely giving himself over to Castiel. Although he used the power of his grace to control it, his body reacted immediately to the vivid pictures his mind created.
“Home,” Castiel answered, and, for the first time in his life, Castiel knew exactly where he belonged.
“Dean, you wouldn’t be you if you didn’t.” Perhaps Castiel could have phrased that better. Still, it was the right answer.
“I like my clothes. I feel safe wearing them. It’s easy. I had no reason to change that.” As much as he liked this new suit, wearing it was a strange experience. Self-consciously he fidgeted with his bolo tie.
Dean kissed the top of his head, smiling. His hands were following the bones of his wings, caressing the feathers on their way. “Don’t. Don’t ever apologise for who you are.”
“No one. Everyone. All angels and souls are allowed to assign their representatives regularly. There is no way of corruption. Only kindness can influence the choice.”
Instead of leaving, Jack turned to Cas again. “Castiel, I now can restore all your power. You could have your wings back. Think about it.” And with that Jack was gone.
is anything.” Words that probably never were supposed to reach Castiel’s ears. Castiel was certain Dean wasn’t aware that he was uttering them out loud. Or was Dean even speaking them out loud? Were they some kind of prayer? One hand grabbing Castiel’s coat-lapel, Dean’s other arm was hanging loosely to his side. “I’ll mess up, I’ll push you away, you leave, of course you leave, why would you stay, you’ll d–” A single gasp stopped Dean’s rambling for a moment, “you ... you’ll die or I ... I can’t do this. Not again. Never again.” Dean’s voice finally broke and only barely noticeable sobs remained.
“I’m fine. I’m always fine.” Dean forced a grin to his face, looking at his friend who raised both eyebrows in disbelief before lowering his eyes sadly to the floor.
While Cas was still staring at the empty spot where Jack had just been, Dean didn’t hesitate. “Do it!”
“No. We just arrived in the garage and we’re coming down. I figured you might need the advance warning.”
“Guys?” Sam harrumphed, throwing him one of his classic bitch faces. “Everything okay?” Despite his pretend annoyance towards their no longer suppressed feelings for each other, his brother still sounded worried and deep concern was visible on his face. No wonder, not only had his brother witnessed him dying but also had seen him losing it right in front of him.
Dean stared at him, his face blank, but tiny movements betrayed his emotional state. Castiel had seen it happening before with his friend, though never like this.
Reaching the table, Claire put down the tray and clumsily let fall down the gable next to the witch. As Claire had anticipated, the witch bowed down automatically to grab it from the bench next to her. Before she knew what had happened Claire had her in angel cuffs. “Gotcha!”
“Besides, it reminds me of you,” Dean blurted out. “The windmill. It has wings, defies storms and rough weather, and gives freely away all the energy it can harvest, never to complain. No one ever thanks the windmill for it. And yet, it keeps giving, ‘cause that’s what it does. I look at it and it feels like home. You ever look at a windmill and think it looks beautiful, standing erect, not giving a shit about what others think of it?” Dean’s eyes had caught Castiel’s.
franchise. It was hilarious. She even was kind of cute like this. Nope! That was the wrong train of thought.
As Castiel tried to take in his environment, the scene changed and he was sitting in his usual place on the backseat of the Impala, right next to a twelve-year-old Sam.
“I love you, Cas. Damn, I love you. I love you so fucking much,” he sobbed. “Should have told you years ago. You deserve to hear it. But I was a fucking coward. Always am. Never thought you wanted the same.”
Placing another kiss on his cheek, Dean grabbed his hand and pulled him towards the edge of the jungle to get dressed.
Dean looked over at the baby moose next to him who slept peacefully without having to shoulder the weight of the world for once. “Good night, Sammy. Sweet dreams.”
Dean and Sam stay in Flagstaff, Arizona, when Sam runs away. Dean is devastated and searches everywhere. John isn't happy when he returns from his hunt.
“Dean! That’s Dean, Castiel, isn’t it? Can I talk to him? Please! Let me.” Sam tried to grab the phone from Castiel’s hand and wiggled in his arms to get it.
“Indeed, I do.” The corners of Cas’ mouth shot up just a tiny bit, a sure sign of a smirk, and Dean tried to ignore the butterflies in his stomach which always threatened to stir when the angel was looking at him like that.
My thanks to everyone who is reading this: to those of you who are following my little story and to those of you who just stumbled upon it and made it to the third chapter.
“When Sam and Sully let the kite fly, I sat down a bit further away and exercised with the pencil the way Sam taught me. But something went wrong and the pencil flew higher and higher until it was next to the kite. I tried to control it but I only made it worse and the string was cut.” The kid obviously knew he had messed up, again.
Should he dare to risk some more teasing? No, not today. Today, he was too happy to have Cas back, to have his family back. Dean looked around the table: At Sammy who had become not only the finest hunter in existence, and a fucking witch if he chose to be, and now was finally free to do whatever he wanted. At Eileen who was not only a damn good hunter herself but also had chosen his moose of a brother as her partner – for whatever she saw in him. At Jack who was smiling, munching some fries as if nothing had changed, and yet he was the most powerful being in the universe. And then there was Cas. Cas who was his best friend, the one person in existence who knew as much about him as his brother, probably even more, and who loved him despite it. Hell, Cas was in love with him. It was still too much to have finally settled it. How could he be so damn lucky? For years and years they had danced around each other. He had doubted the thing that was between them. Had doubted himself, everything he ever knew. Still did.
Dean’s subconscious brain used the moment to flood his mind with a stream of superimposed pictures of friends and frenemies – “
Dean tried to sit up but was still pinned down by Cas’ dead weight. Not wanting to wake him, he let himself fall back onto his pillow.
This was all he had ever wished for. Here he was with a drink in his hand, standing with his feet in the sand of a tropical beach. His family and friends were all around him, chatting happily and celebrating. Of course, many who should be with them today were dearly missed but with Heaven rebuilt they probably would have a big party of their own. One day, hopefully not too soon, he would see them again. But not today. Today he was the happiest where he was. His eyes fell on Cas and his heart missed a beat. Although all this seemed completely surreal he finally was certain that this was indeed reality. This was really happening to him. A smile split his face and he grabbed onto Cas’ lapels, pulling his husband towards him, and placed a kiss on his lips, finally allowed to act on it whenever he wanted.
Dean didn’t need to say it but Castiel heard it anyway. Why had he never realised? It had always been there. Right in front of him.
His research had uncovered that there had been several strange disappearances and deaths in Garden City and the surrounding countryside over the last couple of weeks. Elderly folks had vanished without a trace, and at the same time small kids had been found all over the area. Kids and toddlers nobody seemed to miss appeared near the places the senior citizens had been seen last. The children not only weren’t missed, but there wasn’t anyone who seemed to know who they were. Only two days ago the body of one of the lost seniors had been found on a playground, clutching a teddy bear, a dagger stuck in her heart.
The girl walked away and picked up a phone he assumed was so the staff could communicate with each other. She talked on it for a few seconds before hanging up and giving Dean a thumbs up and a sheepish smile. His panic was replaced by anger as the seconds ticked out.
They spent the rest of the evening listening to corny Christmas music, talking and laughing while drinking copious amounts of hot chocolate. Eventually they agreed to watch the Christmas movies that played on the Hallmark channel, still laughing amongst themselves, half paying attention to the television. Dean was curled up into Cas’ side on the couch for the rest of the night. There was no other place that he’d rather be.
Before he knew it, he was standing in front of their door. With a quick glance at his phone he was a few minutes early. Now or never, he thought raising his hand to knock. He didn’t have to wait long as he heard movement and voices inside. When the white door swung open, he was greeted by a very tall man that was too young to be Dean’s father, yet too large to be his younger brother. The resemblance was there but in the most subtle ways. Their auras held the most similarities, but while Dean’s had the rough chaos of guarded emotions, this man’s had an outer ring of a deep sadness.
He brought a hand to Cas’ already messed up hair and ran his fingers through it gingerly. He smelled of cedar wood and citrus, it wasn’t an overpowering smell, but Dean enjoyed it either way. He brought his chin down to rest on top of the other man’s head and wrapped his arms around him. Dean was really in this moment, he was grounded by it. His heart was beating quickly the more he thought about his feelings for Cas. Dean was never vocal about how he felt about a person, even family. He’d rather show his affections, handing them out like rare gemstones.
Dean’s eyes were closed now, head tossed to the side. Even though the man was fully on display for him, miles and miles of nudity just for his viewing pleasure, the second he closed his eyes he’d found that he missed them. He liked watching, more than he thought he did, and Dean knew it. But what was missed was that fact that while he enjoyed simply being a viewer, he wanted the other man to watch him as well. He wanted to see it in those eyes, the adoration, and vulnerability on his face. He wanted to know that he was the reason Dean felt so emboldened to take the pleasure that he rightly deserved.
Dean bent slightly and placed deep, slow kissed along Cas’ jaw until he came to his lips. He paused before placing a chaste kiss of them, his hand wandering to the back of his neck. Cas leaned into the touch parting their lips from one another. Dean chased his mouth with his kissing him harder this time.
Dean took a long gap of silence before deciding to answer. His cheery expression morphed into something dark and twisted. Like he was suddenly on high alert from any possible danger.
“No Cas,” he sighed and took a breathe carefully choosing his words “I shouldn’t have acted like that when I know you were just trying to help. It’s just…dad is a really sensitive topic for me and if we talk about that we’d be diving down a rabbit hole that I just can’t handle right now.”
Castiel screamed in utter terror, waking from a dream, a nightmare he never experienced before. Opening his eyes, there was darkness all around him, and finally, he remembered. Although his senses were dampened, he could feel their presence. They were here, still grasping him, still drowning him. Their snarl sounded like laughter, mocking him, torturing him.
“You just don’t fall in love with your best friend who happens to be an Angel of the Lord, able to smite you with one wrong look and to vanish with a flap of his wings never to be seen again.”
Cas tentatively cupped his faced, hushing his rambling with his lips, his thumbs wiping the tears away that still kept coming. While their lips brushed, their hands started wandering. As if they had both decided at once to keep it PG for now they kept it to their upper bodies. But hell, it felt so good.
“You shitting me!” Dean exclaimed, though looking at his brother, he saw plainly he was not. “Dude, seriously?”
There it was again. Step by step he wandered in the direction of the tugging. All feeling of time and space had vanished. Some kind of gravity helped him walk, but that was all there was. No hint how long he had been here or if he had made any distance at all. No feeling of space, only darkness. Emptiness. The same emptiness that had threatened to overtake his heart and his whole being these last months.
But here they were – resurfacing from wherever Dean had buried them long ago. Fighting the memories of the dreams was to no avail. Sully and Sam had
A clattering sound of metal hitting the floor emerged from the stove, followed by a volley of hissed swearwords. “I’m fine. I’m fine,” Dean shouted eventually.
Their whole drive home had been the longest positive torture of his whole life. The twelve years since a certain angel raised him from Hell didn’t count because he always had thought his pining had been totally unrequited. How wrong he had been!
The dream sequence once again will be kind of heavy – there are child neglect, implied child abuse, parentification and panic attacks. I added a short summary in the end notes if you prefer to skip it.
“Being nephilim and growing up with you, I realised angels missed out on several things. Whereas I always could choose to eat or to sleep, Castiel never had that sort of choice. He told me he sometimes missed it from his time as a human.”
angel’s embrace. Dean had always been better with action anyway, so he dove in and once again brought their mouths together.
“Damn, right! I’m dying to see them.” Dean could feel his cheeks burning, the blush spreading over his face and probably down to his neck and shoulders as well. He gulped. "Your wings? They are part of you, your real form. Empire state building, four heads ... You know, that sort of things. Of course I’d love to see them. And you with wings in that body?” He let his eyes roam freely, feeling the shudder running over his whole body, fully aware that he couldn’t hide it from Cas. “Hell, yes!”
When Dean’s steady breath indicated he was soundly asleep, Castiel hesitated only one moment before he gave in to his longing. It would be just for a few minutes he tried to convince himself as he sank down on the bed, his arms resting tightly next to his body, his eyes still focused only on the hunter. He wished he could still know what Dean was thinking, what he was dreaming of. However, Dean had emphasised personal space far too often for Castiel to break his trust, and moreover, his grace had never fully recovered after he got it back. After all, he was a fallen angel whose “mojo”, as Dean would call it, was just a sorry reminder of his former glory. Castiel didn’t miss his days back in Heaven but the limitations of his grace were tiring. Without his power he felt useless. Still, he wouldn’t change a bit of it when it meant he never would have gotten the chance to encounter Dean.
The market was all Castiel could have wished for. He spent half an hour with Sam, tasting fruit, vegetables and honey, before Sam found a vendor who sold herbs and more unusual objects that were commonly used in witchcraft. After twelve minutes of listening to Sam questioning the vendor and eventually exchanging recipes for harmless spells, Castiel decided to wander off on his own. Moreover, he wanted to make sure Dean was okay.
For whatever reason, the waitress grinned at her conspiratorially, gave her the thumbs up and let Claire be.
“Like Cas said, long story.” Dean shrugged. Hell, even he didn’t know half of it. His body was still tingling from experiencing whatever it was that happened when he had touched Cas’ wings. All he knew was that it had been awesome.
too special. I wanna be able to enjoy every single step of it.” Dean couldn’t stop himself. The words kept coming.
The hand vanished and Castiel took a deep breath he technically didn’t need. With both his grace and his body being affected by his arousal, his human body’s reactions became more prominent. In wonder, he realised he had piloerection. Touching his skin he frowned.
Had Castiel lost his home when he left Heaven? Belonging to the garrison never had been debatable. Serving Heaven had been his sole duty and his life-task until he raised Dean from Hell and got to know the Winchesters who acquainted him with the concept of free will, including one’s right to make the worst decisions for the most noble of reasons. Castiel would know. Yet Heaven and the garrison never had been a home to him in the understanding of the word he only acquired over the years he had spent on Earth. There was only one thing Castiel considered home and it wasn’t a place, but a person. If Dean was home at the bunker, so was he.
“Hey Cas,” Sam said, turning around on his seat to get Castiel’s attention, before his eyes were back on the road. “Look! Wanna give it a try?” He pointed to a sign next to the road:
“Shit! Why didn’t you tell me?” With his thoughts occupied with a certain angel, Dean had completely lost track of time and their hunt.
Once again, they were crowded by their friends and family. At least a few of them told them they had never expected them to be more than friends. But all were happy for them. With every word of encouragement Dean’s still simmering fear became smaller though he knew it never would be extinguished completely. He could live with that, finally aware that his weird extended family supported him. He wasn’t alone anymore.
“You like them?” It was the first time he saw his wings for himself on this plane. They were shining black but their structure scattered the light, creating all humanly perceptible colours caused by the interference on the nanostructures of each feather. Depending on the viewing angle the whole visual spectrum was reflected off them. It was a truly incredible sight.
“Thank you Dean.” Cas could hear his phone vibrating behind him. “That’s probably Charlie again.” He reached over and picked it up.
“I want you to get one finger nice and wet and put it in that pretty pink hole of yours. Just one though. Don’t rush this.”
“Busy finding your sorrows at the bottom of a bottle? Or actually busy? Cause I’m betting on the first one.”
Castiel had in fact forgot that fact momentarily. Gabriel might me a goof off and a nympho but he was incredibly smart. He even inspired Cas to want to go into medicine although Cas wanted to take a different route entirely. He wanted to do family medicine instead of being a surgeon like his brother and father. That was his desire since he was young, even when both his parents hassled him about his dream he stuck to them. Gabe was always the one that encouraged Cas to follow whatever his heart desired. Even if it had nothing to do with being a doctor.
Footsteps sound and as Castiel looked up he was faced with Dean Winchester. Well, first he was faced with his firm chest, but as his head moved his eyes slid with it, until their eyes met.
Dean’s eyes went wide and he stared at Castiel for a good while. A blush creeped on his cheeks and made it’s way down his collar, Castiel was pretty sure his whole chest was flush along with his face.
“Yes I am. I’m also a better mechanic then this big lug over her.” She pointed her thumb at Dean, a smirk on her lips.
When he turned to chance a glance at the stranger he was met with a sight that couldn’t be unseen. Mary had obviously sent him to a trap. The man’s voice was enough to send him packing, but his eyes, they were so glass bottle green, with little flecks of copper and gold mixed in. Message-in-a-bottle green. All your wildest desires tucked inside, written in haiku format. The man was sinfully beautiful, and he’d only looked at his face. Who knows what kind of destruction the rest of him would cause? It took a minute for him to re-register the fact that the man had spoken to him and even longer for him to find his voice to respond.
“Damn right I am. Find a third and we’ll go to the armory. Get y’all suited up for this thing.” He stood.
Turns out Dean wasn’t as drunk as he’d originally thought. He woke up to the feeling of hands running over his bare chest and lips that followed. It was nice to wake up like this, but he also wanted some coffee before marathon sex.
Dean complied with out another word. Before Cas could whine at the emptiness Dean’s tongue was swirling around one of his nipples as he pressed his legs wider. Dean was lining himself up now. He down into the other man’s eyes silently asking for permission. Castiel almost moaned at that alone. He gave Dean the nodded he needed and immediately felt the pressure of Dean pushing inside of him. The pressure, oh the damn pressure alone felt endlessly good. Dean kept his slide home agonizingly slow. He didn’t want to cause the other man any discomfort at all.
Castiel needed a blunt and he needed it as of yesterday afternoon. His backpack was sitting in the living room in the office chair at Dean’s desk. He winced as he was greeted by the cold air in the room, though he was in nothing but his boxers he would bear with it. Padding into the living room, passing the kitchen and giving Dean a small wave and a smile he went straight for his bag. Rummaging around half listening to his father go on about how mad Mr. Roman was about what happened the night prior. He found his special supplies and plopped in the chair with the intention of rolling.
“Chemistry mainly. I saw that semi you were sporting that day and it almost made me lose my mind. You think I flirt with every guy I see holding a camera?”
“Castiel. Henry called me hollering about how his son came home with two black eyes and a torn lip. Gosh I’m so proud of you son.”
He’d always been a better shot than Sammy, he was the grunt while Sam was the brains. For the sake of time, since they didn’t have any to spare, Sam bowed out and let Dean have his way. Sam knew Dean more than he knew himself most times. He knew the joke and the fact that Dean wanted to go by himself stemmed from the darkest parts within Dean. The joke was an obvious cover-up for his actual feelings, he was terrified. Scared that they would find Cas beaten and battered, and afraid that they wouldn’t find him at all. Going in by himself was Dean blaming himself for what had happened to Cas. He should’ve been the one to pick Cas up that night, in hopes that he could’ve stopped this whole thing from happening. Now wasn’t the time to dwell on Dean’s inner issues and Sam knew that. It was now or never as they went their set, separate ways and walked as quietly as possible.
He now was on his knees on the floor in front of Dean, lust and hunger in his eyes. He reached up and unbuckled his jeans and slid down his zipper with ease. Dean just stared down and watched the scene unfold in front of him.
It was worth a shot, he thought as he slowly rose from the bed deciding that watching Cas get undressed would be far more interesting than just lying there.
They went home that night embedded in the fuzzy joy of spending time with people they cared about. Once they got to Dean’s bedroom they lazily undressed and climbed into bed. Castiel immediately wrapped himself around Dean and nuzzled into his neck.
“Wait,” Dean let out a laugh from deep in his gut, “That assholes name is Dick?! Oh damn that’s rich.” He continued to laugh as Cas’ head cocked to the side and squinted his eyes.
“Yeah we’ll have to trick him into it somehow.” Dean chuckled reaching into the fridge for some beers.
“So, the last place I wanna show you is where I work. There’s a nice little ice cream stand nearby. Don’t know about you but I’m sweating my balls off.” Dean chuckled.
That morning in the shower it had been his fuel to rid himself of his morning wood. He imagined Cas in front of him with his eyes trained on his leaking dick. He stroked hard and fast. His hand flying over his shaft at an alarming rate. He imagined those blue eyes staring at him, lust written all over his face. He threw his head back and braced himself with a free hand on the tiled wall in front of him. He could feel the heat bubbling in his gut, his orgasm was near. He then imagined being held by Cas and his lips gracing over his, he was now over the edge grunting and moaning through his orgasm.
With hands gliding up to his crotch he’d undone the buckle while at the same time undoing the zipper. When he pulled him out he was rock hard, clearly it didn’t take much to get Cas going and he loved that. The tip of him was red and wet from his apparent excitement.
“Don’t go bad mouthing my friend John.” Mary tossed as her and Sam walked in to join the rest of them.
Castiel was then made to model for the man, to find a suitable outfit for their night out. Since living here he’d gotten an array of new clothes, things he’d only dream of wearing since he couldn’t afford to in the constant survival mode that was his life prior to coming here.
“You’ve done enough and he doesn’t need that right now!” he saw Charlie yelling at some dude he never saw before.
He was outfitted in a simple t-shirt and jeans, with his usual boots. Castiel felt a little over dress in his button up and cardigan, but he was pretty sure that Dean wouldn’t mind.
“There was this one time. My brother Gabe has just turned 21 and he wanted to go out drinking with me so badly. Of course he couldn’t just wait for me to turn 21 so here I am at 16 being snuck into a strip club.”
“It’s not morally wrong no, but I don’t think either of us would be in a position to do such a thing.”
“Gabe. The only one I actually like.” He smirked. “He’s coming back from wherever he is and spending a couple weeks with my father and I.”
“I noticed you getting hard while we were shooting. Did you enjoy yourself? My legs shaking, trying to push myself over the edge.”
“Well I’m pretty sure that’s why you ran out the way you did last night. You tried your best and reached your limit so you left.”
“If this isn’t your scene than that’s fine. We don’t have to hang out at places like this anymore. I can do quiet and quaint.”
“Darling I know that they’re listening to this conversation. I’ve been around for quite sometime. You’ve got backup, so I’m sure they can agree as we speak.”
Of course, now that Castiel had plans, time seemed to get away from him. Each time the sun rose it was felt like such a short time before it was setting. He’d wake up with a good morning text from Dean each morning. Getting ready for work, and once he started his shift it seemed over before he knew it. He’d discreetly look at his phone when the rush of customers died down, hoping to see another message from Dean. The man used a lot of emoticons, whether it was smiley faces or kissing faces, there was always something. Even if it didn’t contain any emoticons, every message made Castiel smile. Dean asked a lot of questions, not in a prying way at all. Whenever a question was asked that Castiel didn’t feel comfortable answering, Dean never pressed him, he simply moved onto the next one.
But nothing happened. Life and her surroundings came rushing back in. The diner’s sounds were almost too loud; cutlery clattered, buzzing voices formed an indistinguishable ocean of words, a mixer roared in the kitchen, and somewhere outside a motor backfired. Life was going on. Frowning, the witch repeated her motion without any further result and Claire let out the breath she didn’t know she had been holding, letting out a relieved laugh. They worked. Those frigging cuffs worked not only for angels and demons but for witches as well.
However, Dean’s heart sunk again when he found Jack’s room empty, too, with no hint of the nephilim. Speeding up, as much as his broken body allowed it, Dean set out for the library, only to find it completely dark and lifeless. None of the usual lighting illuminated the spacious room. Not even a single light was lit. Dean’s panic rose dramatically when he searched the bunker, nowhere a sign of Sammy, Jack or Sully to be found. Desperately, Dean eventually returned to the still deserted library, not even bothering with the lights when he stumbled to his stash of booze. Yet, after pouring himself a glass and taking a sip, he flung it across the room where it burst into a thousand little pieces. Devastated, Dean crouched down into the nearest dark corner. The only room he hadn’t checked was Cas’. It was so much easier to assume Cas was still in there. Far better to assume than to verify that the angel was gone as well, that Cas had left Dean once again. Dean needed this tiny bit of hope to retain his sanity.
Dean messed up, again. Why had leaving Sammy and Jack with Sully sounded like a good idea? He’d pulled a typical Dean Winchester. Stupid, stupid, stupid! And why hadn’t he pulled the trigger? This fucking witch...
“I’m looking forward to it,” Castiel added when he removed his hand, the smile on his face bigger than ever before.
“Why not start now?” Castiel enjoyed the situation far too much to stop already. As long as Dean was occupied by Sam there was no danger of a stray angel blade coming near to him. Otherwise, he knew better than to tease the hunter too much.
When he entered the garage on his search for Dean, Castiel was taken aback, forgetting the message Sam had sent him to relay. The view that presented itself to him was one of a kind. He would never get used to it, especially since there rarely ever an opportunity to do so arose.
“What the ... Whoa!” Dean looked up and unbelievingly gaped at the feathers around him that were shielding him completely from the outside world.
path of thought any further. He, however, wasn’t sure if he was currently in danger of being smote by a warrior of Heaven or if his friend just needed another update on well-known fictional characters. Since Sam didn’t want to try his luck, he turned the music up and drove on.
Everyone wanted a hug and to congratulate them. He couldn’t help to blush every damn time he heard them utter ‘Finally!’, ‘I’ve always known’, ‘Welcome to the dark side, bitch’, and ‘Took you idjits far too long to figure it out. Haven’t even known you guys that long and it was bloody obvious.’ But today he didn’t mind. Cas was always there, squeezing his hand, encouraging him.
“But I’m hungry.” His brother crossed his arms in front of his breast and pouted, while crashing to his knees and landing with a thud right on Dean’s chest. Worse, the munchkin was using his big puppy eyes to make him surrender.
And yet, there he was. Cas hadn’t run. Instead Dean found himself once again enveloped in a tight clasp of arms, Cas’ head nuzzling into the nook of his neck. “I want you, too, Dean. I always considered you the one thing I wanted but could not have. I want you though probably not in the same way you want me. But we’ll figure it out, Dean. Together, we’ll find a way.”
Eventually, he collapsed next to his husband who was breathing as heavily as he was. Once again, tears were streaming over his face and he could swear there were damp streaks on Dean’s face too.
“Yes, Dean. I do love you and from now on I won’t ever stop repeating it. You need to know. You deserve to know. And even though you want to squirm out of this ‘chick-flick moment’ you won’t be able to stop me from saying it.”
“Yeah, I know. He’s worried. Shouldn’t be. Neither should you, angel. I’m not good with all that feelings crap but I know my feelings for you aren’t fleeting,” Dean slurred, his word’s nearly indistinguishable.
He must have misheard. That was the only logical explanation. Taking a deep breath, Castiel yanked the door open and blurted out, “What?”
Hearing Cas’ scolding and witnessing Jack’s reaction, Dean knew that now he was the one who had screwed up.
Without another look at the others Dean fled the kitchen. There wasn’t anywhere specific he was heading, but somehow he turned towards the garage, longing for the calm that Baby always offered.
“Now we’re truly hellbound,” Dean mumbled, chuckling. “Your mother always told me I’d be your downfall.”
When they turned around the next corner, Castiel nearly ran into a group of puzzled and agitated seniors. So the spell was obliviously lifted. Good to know. Since he didn’t trust in his people skills to explain what had happened, he stole away through a side exit and left.
“Oh, shit.” The witch lowered her head on the table in defeat. “Will you let me go when I rescind the spell on your friend?”
“No, but Dean has something he needs to tell you,” Donna answered and Cas frowned at her. “Hey, get up, Dean, and face your angel. Give us something that’s worth our movie night.”
Dean winced, defeated, and increased the distance between them immediately. Castiel looked at him, heartbroken, wanting nothing more than to hold Dean and reassure him they hadn’t done anything forbidden or wrong.
He dropped down on the bed, his brother already sleeping soundly, and barely suppressed a sigh. “Damn it!” His fist hit the memory foam several times. Yet, it didn’t help. It was no good hitting something soft when agony struck him. He wished Mom could be here. Then at least she would finally have gotten a chance to meet Sammy as the adorable kid he once was. But she wasn’t here any longer. He had lost her again. Even though he had given up hope to see her again, deep down he still couldn’t accept she was gone forever. However, he must. He couldn’t let himself hope she had survived being pulled in that bloody Apocalypse World and that they could rescue her from Lucifer’s grasp, and end the dick for good this time. How he would love to see Cas crushing him. It would be justice well served after all the things the bastard had done to his friend.
Eventually Dean relented. “You know that’s bullshit. You were there! You saw me down there. I broke. Alastair broke me and I ... Jesus, Cas!” Dean closed his eyes, trying to keep himself together. “I fucking loved it.”
Dean was fixated on the flames. Castiel was standing next to him, his arm resting on Dean’s lower back while his left wing embraced his friend who was unaware of it as so many times before.
When they parted, far too soon for Dean’s liking, Cas returned to their conversation with Jack, trying to figure out what had happened. “So why did you leave so early in the morning to fly a kite?”
The same man who now was lying next to him and who abruptly woke up, startled out of his dream, gaping at him with wide eyes.
“Oh, come on, Cas. Don’t be a–“, Dean’s voice stopped when he pushed himself upwards on his elbows, allowing himself to look once again at Castiel. “Jesus Christ!”
“Yeah, sure, buddy. I’m fine. Woke up early and wanted to check on Sammy.” Dean mumbled, shrugging. “Thing is, they – that is Sammy, Jack and Sully – aren’t anywhere in the bunker. Don’t know where they are. Don’t know why or what the heck happened. But the bunker’s empty. It’s just you and me now.”
“Your physical pain today would be far worse if I weren’t.” Even though Cas’ statement was delivered matter-of-factly, the corners of his mouth shot up.
“Jesus, what the fuck is wrong with you?” Dean shouted furiously, raising his hands in frustration and anger.
Dean felt dizzy. He’d imagined he would have wanted to flee, to chicken out, hell, he still felt like running, but deep down he believed Cas. He probably had believed it for a long time. And Dean wished he could tell Cas how much the angel meant to him, how much he l–
One part of Dean’s mind still was still waiting for the bubble to burst, afraid for the illusion to give way to the harsh reality, for him to once again be woken up from a Djinn’s fantasy world. Although those dreams never were this good. After a moment that could have been hours, Dean wouldn’t know, he eventually managed to raise his arm, cupping Cas’ face with his hand and brushing the stubble. Cas nuzzled into it, his eyes closed, humming contently.
“So, you are telling me you are not happy with sending Claire on the hunt. Neither will you let me go down there on my own. But at the same time you won’t leave Sam here with Jack and me either, so you can go on the hunt. Do I understand that correctly?”
“Shh! Come here.” Dean opened his arms and Cas followed the invitation immediately, burying his head on Dean’s chest, still sniffling. For years and years, every time they had hugged had been an Earth-shattering event for Dean. Now he couldn’t even keep track of their hugs any longer. Kissing the top of Cas’ head, he smiled. “Love you.”
“Where’s Baby? I didn’t see her when I arrived,” Donna started. It wasn’t exactly part of the plan, but it had bothered her all evening, ever since she had found Dean in the kitchen. Moreover, it was a way to get him to talk.
The grip on his hand tightened. Somehow Dean had found it again and didn’t let go. His friend’s mouth stood open in utter shock and he gaped at Jack.
When they entered the building, they headed directly for the principal’s office where they introduced themselves once again as FBI agents investigating the cases of the unknown children’s appearances.
They were supposed to meet Claire at a nearby diner. It gave Dean adequate opportunity to replenish his nourishment while learning the newest information regarding their witch hunt. Before they arrived, though, Claire called and informed them she had stayed behind on observation and had not been idle. Despite his and Dean’s fear of the witch already being halfway across states, the young woman had not only found out she was still staying in town but had discovered her hiding place, an old farmhouse right outside town which she now kept under close surveillance.
As Jack had predicted, it took them a while till they finally walked into the library to a chorus of cheers and hollering. Their necessary detour to the bathroom and the wide space of the shower stalls had taken them a lot more time than they had anticipated.
“I just want to make sure he’s safe. ... He’s a good kid,” Dean added, mumbling. That seemed to pacify his friend whose corners of his mouth shot up. “Smug bastard!” Dean grumbled which only made Cas grin wider. Hell, one day this angel would be the death of him with the way Cas made his heart flutter every fucking time he looked at Dean like that.
“Cas, I Io–,” his friend faltered, dumbfounded, if Castiel interpreted Dean’s expression correctly. “Uh ... I long for my bed. Thanks, pal. You’re the best,” Dean added, still struggling with his words. “Damn, I love Baby, but I don’t get any younger. This ain’t memory foam.” Turning to open the door, Dean paused. “What about the others?”
After Dean had stuffed the last of his burger into his mouth, they drove over to meet up with Claire. She was still hidden behind a barn when Castiel and Dean arrived on foot, having left the car behind at the edge of the property.
It had been a while since he had dressed himself. This would be the first time he wasn’t wearing his usual outfit since his trying time as a human. After that, there had never been another reason to change out of it, though technically he already had – this morning when he had undressed both of them.
Taking his boyfriend’s reactions as encouragement, Castiel sped up his movements. He felt Dean’s heartbeat and pulse quickening, his gasps and panting becoming more agitated with every minute.
Without further delay, Castiel attacked in flight, and gripped his target, his assignment, tightly by his shoulder. The being, no longer man but not yet demon, growled and fought him with all his force – a power enhanced by the decades he spent in Hell. He scratched and flailed, bit and kicked, all the time slashing at Castiel’s arms with one of his chosen torture instruments that he still was grasping in his hand. Like the human who wielded it, it was a little object that shouldn’t have any importance. A knife not bigger than a scalpel, and certainly as sharp as one, with added barbs right above its biting tip that ripped through human flesh and bone alike and stung his grace. Yet Castiel had to fight something else, something far more irritating, something that threatened to shatter his entire being. As soon as he had touched Dean Winchester he had felt it: a burst in his grace. Having never experienced such a thing, there simply were no words for it.
Persuaded, Cas took Sammy, lifted him over and sat him down onto Dean’s shoulders, before Cas planted another kiss on Dean’s lips. Dean still couldn’t believe what had happened, what was still happening. It all seemed so surreal, even though the hand that firmly grasped Dean’s and the thumb that brushed the back of his hand were physical reminders that this was real. This was actually real!
One of Cas’ hands was in Dean’s hair, the other stroked his back, wandering lower and lower. Closing his eyes, Dean, despite wanting nothing else, loosened his embrace and stepped back.
... freaking ... unbelievable.” Dean slumped down to the floor, sitting with his elbows on his knees, and held his head, still laughing, sporadic sobs erupting from his chest.
For the first time, Dean got a look at Cas and a whine escaped him. Later, he would deny ever making such a sound. Now it was the least of his problems. Gabriel was right. Cas looked far from good. Dean’s heart skipped a beat. Black goo was still oozing from Cas’ clothes, his skin white and papery.
They left the car and headed for the building. “Shall we go in together or would it be better to separate to have an element of surprise?” Castiel couldn’t decide which the best way was to keep Sam safe.
“It’s an accurate report about a witch’s prophecies from the 17th century. She told about the Apocalypse and a boy who seems to be my brother. Or not, actually, because there were two kids and they were swapped at birth. A demon and an angel are mixed up in all of this. They have been staying on Earth since they met in Paradise and now try to prevent the impending Apocalypse.”
Standing next to each other they both hesitated, starring at each other, unwilling to part. Castiel’s hand was still resting on Dean’s forearm. It felt wrong to sever their connection.
It had taken a while and lunch but eventually Castiel had been able to persuade Dean that Sam and Jack were in good hands, and so they finally had left the bunker. Even though Castiel could tell Dean was still worrying about the whole situation, the three and a half hour drive had calmed his friend a lot. It never stopped to amaze Castiel how much the car meant to Dean. Both Winchesters loved Baby like a family member but it was Dean who eased up every time he was sitting behind the wheel. For that reason alone Castiel enjoyed their drives together enormously even, or especially, when they were mostly silent like today, just listening to Dean’s music and when he was lucky enough to hear his friend’s lovely singing voice. Dean never seemed to realise when he let his guard down and started singing softly. Oddly enough, Castiel had never witnessed it when Sam was travelling with them. It only happened when he was alone with Dean.
“Dean. It’s you. It’s really you.” Cas hand came up to Dean’s face. But before he touched it, shock was written all over Cas’ features. Scolding him with a simple move of his eyebrows, he muttered, “You shouldn’t be here. It’s not safe. They’re here. They’re watching me. They’ll never let me go. They own me.”
The last he saw was the image of the crazy dead eyes of Hell’s master torturer and the unbelieving stare of Sam Winchester standing right behind the demon, shielding his body in anticipation of the inevitable flash of light, the send-off of an angel’s grace to its last place of rest.
“What makes you think I’d be interested? You‘re quite confident you’re my type.” Why should only the witch have the fun?
Resting their heads together, Dean finally spoke, “Me too. Damn, I love you, Cas. It’s been such a long time. I–” Dean’s voice gave out and tears were falling down his face.
Before they left the library Dean turned, pointing with his finger at the Zanna. “You! No leaving the bunker. Capiche?”
“By the way, where’s Sully?” Dean looked around for the first time, wondering what the Zanna was up to.
“Son of a ...” The human awoke with a start, lashing out around him. Immediately groaning when he felt his battered body, Dean slowly took in his surroundings, rubbing his eyes, and turned towards Castiel, a dozy smile on his face. “Heya, Cas.”
“Don’t take too long.” Dean forced a smile. He didn’t need to beg or add a “Please”. Castiel heard him loud and clear. Even more so, Dean broadcasted a panicked “Don’t go! Don’t leave me!” with all his being.
“I love you, Dean. I’m in love with you. I’ll happily repeat it until you believe it. And I won’t stop afterwards. You deserve to hear it every day. I love you, Dean Winchester.” Cas pressed a chaste kiss on his lips.
“It’s fucking beautiful.” Dean pivoted once again and cupped his face, placing a single chaste kiss on his lips. “Thank you.”
If Cas only knew. That day, he’d simply given up. Dean had wanted to. It was the easy way out of his misery. Before Cas had killed her, Billy had vowed she would make sure he and Sammy never came back whenever one of them died again. So Dean did it. He had always assumed Billy’s words could only mean neither Heaven nor Hell nor Purgatory. She would pull strings to send him to a place no-one could escape. The place Dean now knew as the Empty. Having killed himself again, he walked Death’s halls. This had to be the end. And then she simply had refused to let him die. There she had been, standing in front of a whole shelf with tomes and tomes of different versions of his death, only to let him know
Leaving the diner, Claire looked around. The witch bolted as soon the door was behind her, but Claire had anticipated that scenario and tripped her up. Grabbing her enemy tight on the left shoulder, Claire pressed the muzzle into the witch’s back and steered her prisoner towards her trustworthy truck. Even though the diner was in the middle of nowhere, the parking lot was crowded with cars and more than once in a short period of time people went to and from the cars and the building. This was no place for a killing and neither were the harvested fields around them.
“I hope it will work. There’s so much I have to consider. What if I’m doing something wrong?” Jack was clearly worried and doubted the rightness of his choices. The boy who called him father had become the most powerful being in the universe.
“You heard me?” Dean blurted out, looking over his shoulder at him, amazement showing on his face. Castiel nodded.
Cas arms flew around him, and both of them probably wept while they buried their faces into each other’s necks. This damn angel had turned him into a fucking emotional train wreck.
“Damn, you’re beautiful,” Dean exclaimed as his hands buried into the feathers. At once, both of them gasped in astonishment when emotions rushed through them and sparks erupted between them. “Holy shit! This is ...”
Sam stared at him as if he had gone crazy. And he probably was. All of a sudden, Dean questioned everything. Was he still dead? Was this a dream? Had he dreamt that Cas was back? It was too good to be true. Hell, too many of his dreams had pictured Cas’ wings over the years. Cas kissing him, holding him. How he had longed for that.
He came to a stumbling halt, when he saw the black goo creeping over the figure in front of him. The goo changed its form and suddenly a heartless copy of Cas was standing in front of him. The image might be right, though the effigy had absolutely nothing of Cas.
Pulling himself together, Dean shoved his rising panic deep down, building a wall around it. This was nothing other than a hunt. It was
Sam was standing there, defeated. “You died. And this time Chuck wasn’t the one to blame. You simply gave up.” Tears were running over Sammy’s face. “Damn it, Dean. You gave up.”
The principal answered all their questions without any suspicion. At least that was Castiel’s impression. He gladly let Sam do all the talking. Sam was always clear-headed in these interviews and good at talking to strangers. Although not as charming as Dean, Sam fortunately lacked his brother’s oftentimes subliminally abrasive behaviour and roughness.
He found himself in the younger Winchester's arms, hugging his friend back tightly. “It’s good to be back, Sam.”
“That’s true. You weren’t. But I never wanted you being hurt. I thought ...” Cas’ lips started to tremble, tears welling up in his eyes. “You finally could have started the life you always deserved. Finding love, a partner, a family of your own.”
“Did it once for you. Setting up the pyre, preparing your body, collecting your ashes. That sort of shit. Did you know I refused Sam’s help?”
“Capiche.” Cas smiled, taking Dean’s hand in his and guiding him back to the bed where he sat them down a feet apart, not touching except for their linked hands. Sitting there, they just had gone back to staring at each other.
The woman’s service was quick and sooner than expected Castiel was digging into his plate of cheesy bacon fries and sipping from an ice cold beer. He sensed someone coming towards him, and out the corner of his eye he saw a man sit on the stool next to him. Peculiar, most of the bar was empty seats and this man chose to sit directly next to him.
Castiel observed the scene quietly, hoping he wouldn’t be seen before he can gauge what was happening in front of him. For the 30 seconds it took for either of them to notice him, he found Mr. Roman trying to convince his father into some sort of business deal and his father refusing due to the issues their sons have had. A pit of pride swelled in his chest at his father refusing a deal in defense of him. It gave him the confidence needed to announce his presence and walk into the room.
“Well if you weren’t with your green eyed lover then I’d probably rebuttal that point. And that’s the perfect Segway for you to tell me everything that happened.” She plopped down on the couch.
They were seated at a booth towards the back. He went to slide in next to Charlie when Sam practically dove in instead.
He gathered all the ingredients for some eggs, bacon, and toast and got right down to cooking. He tried to recall how Dean had done it for the couple of times his boyfriend had cooked him breakfast. He added the spices he could recall and slathered butter and jelly on the toast once it popped. He plated the food and stood back to look at it. He felt a flutter of pride at the food he had made. Dean didn’t like too much sugar and cream in his coffee, unlike Castiel who liked all the fixings with his. He got everything together and slowly made his way back to the man’s room.
Dean did as he was told and let out a series of small noises along with the occasional ‘Cas’. Castiel thought he could take his time with this, but it was getting difficult holding back. He let go his own set of groans as he imagined the man was right in front of him.
“Thanks Dean.” He heard his brother’s sigh of relief. “Now you wanna share with the class why you’re at Cas’ house this early in the morning?”
“This isn’t your first class. I’m sure you’ve found students attractive before. Just let it go and move on.”
One Friday night Dean had asked Johnathan to sleepover, as they did now and again. John knew about it and said he’d be gone for the weekend and gave his usual command of keeping an eye on his brother. He’d even left money for pizza. They ate and laughed and played video games together. Once it got around to midnight Dean had sent Sam to bed and once he was out of sight he busted out a pair of beers for them to have. He’d figured with all the hard liquor his dad drank he wouldn’t notice a couple beers missing.
Dean reached a hand up while breaking the kiss. His fingers traced against Castiel’s lips. The pad of his index finger applied pressure on his bottom lip asking for entrance. Castiel opened with no hesitation as the rough finger entered his mouth. Dean gasped as Cas swirled his tongue around the digit. He had a pretty good idea why Dean wanted him to suck on his finger. He got confirmation as a second finger entered. Once Dean deemed his fingers wet enough he pulled them free while he pulled their swelled members from their sweat pants. He had them both in the palm of his hand and wrapped his fingers slowly, stroking upwards as he did it. Castiel let out a low moan at the sensation and rolled his head back. Dean’s other hand went for his entrance. That index finger circling around the soft muscle. Castiel threw his hips forward letting Dean know he was ready for more. Dean clearly got the message and let his finger push past the first ring. He let it glide in slowly being so gentle With Castiel.
Right now they were sitting in the bookstore enjoying a coffee with Charlie during their slow times. They were discussing the new Steven King book and somehow the conversation found its way to talking about Dean.
That voice carried lust and desire that had woven itself through his movements as he tugged Cas off the stool and led him over to an open space on the dancefloor. The song had just changed, and Dean held him close, their hips meeting as they began to sway into each other. Their bodies aligned perfectly in everything they did, whether it be dancing, sex, walking next to each other. They were so physically matched that everything else just slid into place with it. The beat picked up and they moved with it, staying in sync. Someone bumped into Dean and Castiel reached out and grabbed his bicep, pulling him closer still to be sure he wouldn’t lose him in the sea of wild limbs.
His eyes were sparkling and his lips were pulled in a mischievous smile. He was right, this wouldn’t feel like work. It’d be so much more.
“A lot of people don’t even realize that before all these Marvel movies came out that Blade is in fact a Marvel character.”
It was silent between the two of them for a while. It wasn’t that he didn’t like Jo or anything, he simply didn’t know her very well and never had been quick to take to people. Apart from the Winchester family of course. His mind was still running circles trying to figure out that one. Something about their energies just told them he was safe with them.  Missouri as well, but he’d concluded that that had been due to her gifts, similar to those of his mother. He hadn’t sensed any psychic abilities or magick of any kind from the Winchesters, so for the time being there really was no explanation for it. Maybe if he took the time to get to know Jo he’d find that she was pleasant company, Dean seemed to keep those sorts of people around him. All playful banter and nonsensical humor.
Finally they got a ping on both their phones, Sam’s from Jess and Dean’s from Charlie. They had just arrived and were turning on their mics. From Charlie’s go pro they could see Rowena’s residence. Some fancy vampire mansion in the middle of the woods. The sun was just starting to set, but thank goodness for technology cause they could see just fine. Had this been 10 years ago the quality of the camera would be pointless.
“You sure about that? I’m not the best with Dads. Moms love me, but fathers are hard to get around.”
Dean flinched and watched as a red headed girl he never seen before bounced over to him. Another person emerged from the car grumbling and begging the red head girl to leave Dean alone. Dean would know that gravelly voice anywhere.
“Keeping it all in the family huh? Hope it wasn’t too uncomfortable for you.” Dean looked a little unsure of himself then.
“You want me to pick you up?” Castiel asked the child as if he could speak back. Little coos left his mouth like he was telling him ‘yes idiot embrace me’.
“Now you know it wasn’t. It was more of a reassuring thing.” He sat up. “I meant what I said before, this isn’t something I’ve done with anyone else and I don’t plan to either. My job is my job and that’s it. It just so happens that I fuck for a living.”
“Hush Dean or you don’t get your surprise.” He stepped closer into the man’s space until they were attached from chest to hip, one of Castiel’s legs in between Dean’s parted ones.
For the better part of two hours they actually did get a good amount of studying done. Some silent conversations pertaining to the course work did break out in between, but it was nice to get some intellectual input from those in similar classes that he took. It started off a little rocky but all in all it ended on a good note. They’d all exchanged numbers and there was discussion for doing this again tomorrow. Once everyone dispersed only Charlie and Castiel stayed behind.
All types of fantasies were coming in full color, across his mind. Dean wanted to leave him in suspense. It was mean, and terrible, and oh so good. They could be sitting on the couch in their normal arrangement and Dean could stretch, just the right way so that some of the fabric shows. He could show up after work, his jumpsuit covered in oil, and Castiel could watch as he took them off, revealing the mesh fabric without an ounce of shame. The anticipation would chain him up and set him free. That’s what he deserves though, for listening to Balthazar.
“Oh angel. You had this in all day?” he tugged at it gently sending shivers up his boyfriend’s back.
All decisions he’s made up until this point were full of regret. Whatever brought him here was a force of pure evil.
Once they finished eating Cas offered to help Ellen clean up, but she swatted him with a towel and chased him out of the kitchen to join everyone else in the living room, where they were all gathered by the tree. It was gift opening time and Dean could barely contain his excitement. Once Bobby gave the ok everyone dove towards the presents. It was all in good fun, though they were shoving each other out of the way. Cas made it a point to lightly elbow Dean in the side trying to get at the gift that Sam got him. Dean turned to see one of the biggest smile’s he’d ever seen on the other man. The corners of his eyes were wrinkled due to how big it was, his nose scrunched up, and all his teeth were showing. It made him look truly childlike. Not to mention how the lights on the tree played off his irises, making his blue eyes shinier. He looked gorgeous like this, it took Dean’s breathe away for a moment, it was infectious and he couldn’t help but to return it. Sam had gotten him a new herb grinder and some rolling papers, plus a couple of graphic t-shirts. It was sweet to see the tender smile and thanks he tossed his brother’s way.
Dean knew what Sam meant and he was grateful for him offering his help, although the two of them were trained he felt a little reluctant to give inexperienced people firearms.
Wiggling his way out of the other man’s hold, he went to the bathroom to freshen up and then to the kitchen to start breakfast. What better way to wake his brand-new boyfriend up then the smell of coffee and omelets? Dean was a morning person, had been all his life. He wondered what Cas was like fresh in the morning, and he didn’t have to wait long since as soon as he plated breakfast and got the mugs on the table a very rumpled man emerged from the bedroom. Hair wilder than usual, scratching his stomach, and squinty eyes greeted him with a grunt.
“Oh no no you don’t get to blame it on him. I’m only a phone call away and I haven’t even received that much.”
“Why is this so damn heavy?” Dean hollered in frustration, whipping his sweaty shirt over his head and tossing it to the ground. “Isn’t this a bunch of tea?”
“Dean I don’t think I want to show you all of that?” he blushed red as he set his overnight back next to Dean’s bed.
Castiel awoke the next morning slowly, he felt a strong hand on his chest as he filtered through all the sensations around him. He opened his eyes to see Dean leaning over him, peacefully trying to wake him up. Letting his senses take everything in he smelled the heavy coffee that Dean always brewed, and food. He smiled sweetly at the man and his eyes fluttered closed as a long kiss was placed on his forehead. Dean rose up and walked out of the bedroom, most likely to finish cooking his delightful breakfast. He reached a hand over to the night stand and grabbed his phone, a bit alarmed to see so many notifications popped up while he was sleeping. Most of it had been from the group chat Charlie set up for the study group. They were scheduled to meet again today, he would go even though he was slightly rattled by the last time. A couple were texts from his father asking if he would be home that night, which he really hadn’t thought about. He practically lived at Dean’s, which wasn’t as scary as it would’ve been a few months ago.
“There. Was that so hard?” he continued rubbing his legs. “I’ve missed you angel.” Angel. Dick had never called him that. That was Dean’s nickname for him and for Dick to think it was ok for him to use that mad a ball of anger come to a boil inside of him. He now realized that Dick had been the one following him all this time. He’d had to have heard Dean call him that.  This was all some sick game to him. To get him back under his control, but Castiel was no fool. Why have this when he could have Dean. No one in their right mind would agree to being with someone who’s capable of kidnapping. “But you were always a stubborn one. Now I need two things from you. Only two simple things.” He paused and rose on his feet before straddling Castiel’s lap. “You’ve gotta get your father to say yes to my dad’s deal. That’s the main reason why you’re here. But Dad wouldn’t be so rude to have me do this and I don’t get something out of it.” He laughed, a terrible sound to Castiel’s ears. “I need you to break up with that low life and come back to me. Where you belong.”
“Yes, I know it’s important to you to connect with nature. Now come sit, I’ve got the hibiscus tea already brewing.”
“Well on a good note Dean and I had a nice dinner last night. He got us a reservation at that really fancy restaurant on 4
Once they were finished eating Dean ordered them two hefty slices of cherry pie. They argued a little bit over who would pay the bill. Castiel only gave in when Dean promised to let him get dinner next time. Overall, he’d had a nice time, and when he got to his room, he’d fallen asleep with a smile on his lips and thoughts of Dean that leaked into his dreams.
They pulled up to his house and the silence remained. Dean gave him a peck on the forehead and thanked him for coming. He slide out of the car feeling defeated and utterly exhausted, the whirlwind weighed on him so much. But now was not the time.
After the heavy makeout session with Dean, Castiel decided to meet up with Charlie since she had an ounce of free time. They went to their usual coffee shop and sat at a table near the back. Charlie sipped her coffee between bites of her jelly doughnut.
Dean made good on his promise as he always does and he took the boy to the nurse. He watched him get cleaned up and walked him back to class. At the end of the day he waited by the car as he normally did waiting for his brother, but he was also waiting for Johnathan. When Sammy was strapped in and ready to go he looked back to the school hoping he wouldn’t miss him in the crowd of bodies that came flooding out of the school.
“Hmm the angel of Thursday. That your real name?” he chuckled and took a generous gulp of his beer, a single teardrop of it running down the side of his lips and dropping off at this chin. Castiel wanted to lick it off.
They did work in silence for a couple hours before heading out. It felt almost routine to do this. They went to the car and Dean drove him home.  He was so mentally tired from todays whirlwind of emotions. He needed his 4 hours of sleep.
When he bent to pick it up he was too slow and the professor already had it in his hand and was handing it back to him.
“Fuck you’re so gorgeous.” Dean exclaimed pulling away from the kiss. “I gotta see you. Lemme see you.”
He put the condom on him and stroked him a few times before he lowered himself until his ass met his pelvis. The fit was tight and by the closed eyes, thrown back head, and open mouth Dean was sporting he bet he knew that. Both men were at a lost to the pleasure they felt and neither of them moved for awhile.  Castiel could’ve sworn he could feel the sweat beads forming on his forehead. He was determined to follow Dean’s lead and only move when he was told to.
“That’s the truth if I ever seen it.” John laughed. “So tell me son, how’s the teaching life going?”
Once inside he saw the room was littered with tables and none of them empty, he just followed Dean’s lead until they got to one in the back left corner. Several faces he'd then with equally large smiles, and just as he did with the others he’d been as polite and pleasant as his nervousness would allow. Immediately you could tell that Dean had actual friendships with this group. He was his relaxing charming self which differed from the clinical way he’d greeted everyone else.
“Cas,” Dean reached out and sat a tender hand on Castiel’s thigh. “I’m not here to just fuck you and be done with you. I’m here cause I like you. If there’s anything you’re not cool with then we don’t have to do it. I’ll be ok waiting for you to be comfortable…cause if we do then I want it to be a decision we both made. I want you to enjoy what’s happening between us ya know.”
“Not by much, I was literally right behind you. Nothing to be worried about. I’m a completely satisfied customer.”
They took a seat on the couch and Dean wrapped an arm around him tugging him close. They sat in silence for what felt like an eternity, Dean could only hear Cas’ sporadic sighs.
“If anyone is hot in this situation it’s definitely you.” He opened his mouth to receive another morsel.
He was through with this place and he was through with Balthazar. If these were the types of people he called friend then he was done. Tearing the door open he stormed out of the bathroom, shoving his way roughly through the crowd. He needed to call Dean right now, he needed to go home.
“Look at you Cassie. So spread out and taking all of us like a damn champ. You’re so good at this baby. So damn good.”
He opened his door and walked inside. Immediately slumping against it once he heard Dean’s car drive off. He dropped his bag and coat off in his room before searching in the kitchen for some snacks. He was going to smoke the night away and chips would be his companion. He looked on the island in the middle of the small kitchen. A lone black gift bag sat on it. Castiel rummaged through it finding a card and a tan trench coat inside. He tore open the envelope to find a birthday card from his Dad. It had an apology scribbled on the blank portion of the card. That’s right. His dad had been at the hospital on his birthday thus canceling their plans. A p.s. read that this was only the first portion of his gift and that the other half would be arriving on Sunday.
“I’m glad to hear it. I’d be a little worried if it wasn’t.” Dean laid a kiss to his forehead and continued to run his fingers through his hair.
He pulled himself up until he was on all fours over Cas. Laying a hand on his cheek he brought his lips down to kiss at Cas’ eager mouth. As soon as contact was made Cas’ arms roamed all over the skin that he could reach. He was squirming now and Dean would be too if the position he was in didn’t give him more self control. Both of their dicks were painfully hard, wanting any sort of friction they could get.
“So you thought you’d bring me along to also have a terrible time. How thoughtful?” he spat, voice full of sarcasm. “Whoever Luke is to you, he’s an awful person. He attacked me in that bathroom!”
“You said you would make my hard work worthwhile. If I recall correctly you said ‘make it up to me.”
Also I'm down for doing some one-shots. You got prompts or anything you want me to right then slide them my way! Hope you all have a great day!
They walked to the car where Gabe offered to ride them in his car. With some arguing from Dean he finally submitted and they were finally on their way. Apparently the party was being held at the club they had gone to the night that Cas first kissed Dean. He actually liked that place even though they didn’t play his type of music. If Cas was happy with going there then Dean could see himself there every Friday night. They arrived not even 15 minutes later with Gabe’s brisk driving and all. Dean had sat in the back with his boyfriend, one of his hands sat on his thigh softly stroking on the material of his jeans.
“Oh gosh I’m sorry.” He scrambled with his things looking around finally discovering everyone had left.
Dean produced a botte of lube out of the pocket of the apron. He hadn’t even noticed it until just now. With the bottle in hand he leaned forward, putting his face in the crook of Dean’s neck to taste him while his lubed fingers circled his hole.
“Yeah Sam I’ll come with you. It’ll be a lot to carry.” Charlie slid out of the booth and scurried behind Sam in an obvious attempt to leave the two of them alone together.
Dean didn’t answer him which was an answer enough for Sam. Sam was quite happy that Dean even shared this much. They’ve always been amazingly close as siblings go, but Dean wasn’t exactly the sharing type. He expressed his emotions through action, a tight hug, a single tear, a clap on the back. He wanted to continue talking about this, but he would tread lightly to avoid Dean shutting him out again.
Once again Dean was left with no choice but to give his angel what he wanted. He grasped at Cas’ sides and began pulling out slowly, then sinking in at the same rate. A gold lined moan left his lover’s lips and he took that as a sign to pick up the pace. Dean lowered his top half and nestled his head against Cas’ neck breathing harder than ever. Lust filled moans littered the air as Dean found a solid rhythm that was fast, but not at all rough.
He rose from his chair and rushed to the door before his brother could knock again in impatience. He flung it open and was greeted with two smiling faces. It warmed his heart as he stepped aside and let the two of them in.
“Of course! So Gabriel told me that was your first shoot. I liked working with him. I think I want to do another shoot with him if he’s got anything good coming up.” He waggled his eyebrows as he smirked.
His actions weren’t entirely selfish. Cas had had a hard week and showing him a good time would be beneficial to him.
Now let it be secretly known that Castiel was in fact an avid porn watcher (there’s no other term for people like him). He had his preferences and even had a favorite star. He really only liked solo scenes. The lack of authenticity was astronomical in couples and threesome scenes. The fake groans and grunts deterred him entirely. A guy alone in a room, doing whatever he pleased, those were the types of things he was into. One star in particular would have him finishing before the video was even over. Of course he didn’t share this information with his brother. It was all too personal and no doubt would find its way into family dinner conversation.
His attention was shifted when he felt someone snake their way into his space. He looked down to see a pretty gorgeous girl with blonde hair dancing on him. She put her hands on his hips and grinded into him before turning around and grinding on him. He placed his hands on her sides softly and moved with her. They stayed like that for what felt like a few minutes before the girl sauntered over to Charlie and did the same to her. Dean was now dancing face to face with Cas. Closer than they were before. Had Dean subconsciously moved towards him or was it Cas? At this point the song changed. Just as upbeat as the last. He put all his inhibitions aside and pulled Cas’ slim frame to meet his own. He stopped his movements as if asking for permission. Cas came closer still and started moving his hips towards Dean’s. They were dancing, grinding with their bodies fitting together perfectly. A hand of each of theirs placed on the other’s hip. Dean screamed at his body to not get aroused at their motions. He looked at Cas’ face, it read lust all over it. His lips were parted his cheeks were red and his stayed focused on Dean.
