When his sight cleared up, Steve could only give a tired 'Huh?' as he took in Howard who entered his room closing the door behind him. It made Steve curious, it made him wonder what was the older Stark doing in his room when he probably has more important things to do than rub it in Steve's face that he was dying; not that Steve will blame the man, he knows how much Howard hate him, even when he never knew why.
for everyone who wanted to know; Sorry if I butchered it up
"Wait, wait, wait, hold up! You are telling me that reincarnation is real and that you have met me two thousand years ago?" Tony squeaked (He will deny it until death) gazing at Steven, whose knowing smile widens a little, but it was all the confirmation Tony needed to shoot himself at Steven, asking question after question, this was too good to leave it be! A person who is 2500 years old, confirmed the theory of reincarnation, Tony was so going to win at least a Nobel Prize. Steven though only smiled and shook his head, giving Tony a soft look before ordering him to go to sleep, and then he left the room, leaving Tony to pout because the star never once answered any of his questions…
"It's an animal that lives in the forest, baby." His Mama said making Peter stretch his hand to the bear, his other hand holding his Papa's shirt tightly, when his Papa gave him the bear, Peter purred as he hugged the bear tightly nuzzling it and letting out a yawn. "Oh, come, baby, it is nap time…" His Mama said making Peter let a whine and hold into Papa, he didn't wanna sleep, he wanna stay with his Papa a little more.
Steve didn't know what to feel at that sight, he had always wished to see this sight in his life, and if Tony returned six or five years ago, Steve knows that he would have taken the Alpha's offer without a thought, and a sight like that would have caused him to melt in his place, but now… now Steve doesn't even know how to feel, he is too old for this, too old… "You came…" Steve said as he reached the pair, trying to ignore the happy smile on Tony's face when he turned to him, it made Steve uncomfortable how Tony was acting like nothing have changed, when in fact everything did… or maybe Steve was paranoid as fuck, but who could blame him? he still fears that Tony will run and leave Steve alone once again, but this time, this time he will do it after Peter attaching himself to the Alpha.
"Snap, Pietro, look what you did!" A voice of a girl greeted Tony, making the Omega raise his head to find a girl, with long dark hair, glaring at the boy who was cowering behind Tony, which was a little shocking, to be honest. But from the look at those two, Tony can state that the two of them were siblings.
So what do you think?
"Well, there was that one time, when she pushed Bucky toward me, he ended up tripping on top of me and believe it or not, kissed me even." Tony's choked at that into his tea, looking at Steve while mouthing the world 'Lying' with wide eyes. "No really, I still remember the shriek Bucky let after he flows away from me; he ended up enlisting in the army three days later." That got a laugh from Tony as he leaned on the back of the couch looking at the Alpha with sparkling eyes, giving a shy smile when the Alpha's eyes darken a little and an amused smile took over his face.
How do they want him to act calm like nothing happened? How can Steve even process the information (lies) everyone kept feeding him in hope of him regaining his memories back? Steve was informed that he spent his time since 2004 in a coma, he was told that his husband was Bucky Barnes who was a retired soldier and an engineer, he was told that he used to be an illustrator; he was told that he hadn't met Tony Stark and was never even a friend of the man especially when the Alpha lived in Malibu for nearly all his life. Everyone expected him to be grateful that he was alive and moving when in fact Steve may as well have died and wake up in a stranger body in a different life than his own; because surely, everything they told him was nothing but a well-fabricated lie.
The Alpha shook his head and sighed as he hanged up the phone looking at Peter then Tony. "I'm fine… I'm just stressed up." The Alpha ran his hand through his beard with a thoughtful look on his face as his eyes went to Peter who was playing not paying the adults any attention. "I came to drop Peter off, but it seems like my mother was called to work, Bucky and his family aren't home, and I can't take Peter with me because today I have to finish the latest chapter of my comic… oh God, this is a nightmare." Steve said as he runs his hand through his hair, looking like his mind was going a mile a second, which made Tony wince at that.
"Husband?" Carter hissed, turning his harsh gaze from Tony to Steve, and Tony could only gulp when he saw her squeezing the present box so tightly that the wrapping papers nearly ripped from the pressure. "I left for a short while and you already start cheating on me with some floozy and getting him pregnant!" Carter screamed, nearly throwing the present box at Tony if it wasn't for Steve standing in front of him protectively, and catching the box.
It was then that Tony swore to himself that he will never ever marry unless it was him marrying his lucky star, which he knew was just a childish dream that couldn't be true no matter how many times Tony wished for it; but the thing was, his lucky star was standing in front of him, his lucky star turned out to be Steven! Steven, the one who seemed to hate him the day he saw his face, the star who call him Anton but never said his name unless Tony annoyed the daylight out of him, the star who glare at him all day long if given the chance, and the only way for the two of them to be together in the same room without ripping each other's heads is if Peter was with them.
"Anything you want me to do," Steve stated, his voice held no trace of lies and his eyes were sincere, causing Tony to swallow when Steve took a step toward him and surrounded Tony with his arms. "Whatever you want, whatever you ask for, just say the word," Steve whispered his words were enthralling and promising Tony that his wish will come true, Tony swallowed as he looked down taking a few minutes before he raised his head to gaze at Steve.
"Don't make this harder on you than it already is, Mr. Stark…" Tony shook, one of his hands was on his mouth, hoping to dampen his loud breathing, and the other was clutching his belly tightly, causing him to panic the longer he stayed in the closet… if only Tony managed to climb down the window with Peter and Harley, but he knew that the rope may not handle his weight without ripping, and not only that, if Tony fell and hurt himself then his baby would get hurt. "Think about the baby you carry, do you want to stress yourself to labor?" Carter asked and Tony couldn't help but flinch when he heard the sound of something breaking. "So many annoying pictures…" Peggy hissed and Tony swallowed as he realized that Carter no doubt broke the picture frame that houses the family photo the Rogers family took last month when they went to the zoo. "It makes me so angry, Mr. Stark… you make me so angry by daring to steal my husband and son from me… who do you think you are?" Carter asked, and Tony swallowed when he noticed that the woman's voice was close, as if she was standing outside the closet and talking to Tony.
" A demonic voice hissed behind Fury not a second later after Fury's order, lights start flickering on and off and a few light bulbs explode, causing everyone in the room sane Tony to squeak in fear, even Fury, stood still in his place, his back stiffen and his only eye widen a bit.
“Put your hands where I see them!” Ben snarled as he pointed the gun at someone, causing Steve to tense and turn his head to see where his friend was pointing the gun, only to see Howard staying still on the front porch without moving, raising his hands while throwing Ben an annoying look, though Steve didn’t help but catch the frustration in the older man’s eyes.
It seemed to take a moment or two for Tony to catch on, but once the realization hit, he gave Steve a small smile, causing the Omega's heart to pound uncontrollably in his chest. "Of course I meant it, Steve…" Tony smiled, standing from his chair and walked toward Steve standing before him; an action that nearly made the Omega jump from his place in happiness. "I know I haven't been here these past few months as I should… that is why I…" Tony started, but Steve didn't let his husband finish.
Tony glared at the woman before him, hoping that she will feel uncomfortable as he does. It was half an hour since Tony left his pup with Steve, half an hour since he came here and talk with the woman, half an hour since he met the woman Betty Ross, his therapist, half an hour since the woman allowed for his mother to stay with him if Tony felt comfortable with it, and Tony hates it! He hated that they were trying to bring out memories he wanted to forget, he hated that they were playing around the bush and not just go straight to the point. Yes, he was held captive since he was sixteen, yes, he was tortured, yes, he was raped, and yes! He gave himself willingly to Stane when he had Peter just so he will have more food to take care of his baby, so what?
"Why can't you understand? Why can't you just leave it be? I am fine, I don't need help!" Tony really wanted to hiss the Alpha in defense, but he knows if he did that it wouldn't end on a good note, so he still on scowling like no tomorrow, though his pup squirming and whine made him realize that he was letting his pheromones raging, he tried to calm himself when he realized that.
"I'm not a rebound, Steven, I can't be him." Tony told Steven, getting a soft smile in return. "I don't want you to be him, Tony, I love my husband dearly, and he will always have a place in my heart, but this, now, it's ours, and I don't want you to be anyone but yourself." Reassured by these words, the two of them finally get together, much to Peggy's delight who couldn't help but grumble. "A little bit late, don't you think?"
But we got to meet Rhodey and Pepper!
/Warning/: This Chapter contains, cursing, fluffiest fluff, maybe a little crying, Peter is cute, and Steve being protective AF! And who knows what? All reviews are appreciated.
So what do you think?
"Yeah, can't wait to see Peter… and our home which is hopefully still standing and not burned by our parents' competitive nature…" Tony said the last part dryly, causing Steve to let out a laugh, knowing that it was true. Howard had volunteered to housesit their home, but both Steve and Tony knew it was because he wanted to spend more time with Peter, which made Sarah's competitive streak rise…
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, fluff, and poor Stevie! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
Steve could only watch the madness from the outside, falling more and more in love with Tony, as his fiancé lost it and start chasing both his parents with the axes in his hand; the terrified screams rang louder and louder as Tony's manic laughter increased in volume. "
!" It started with Tony screaming his name; terror and fear clear on the Alpha's face as he rushed to Steve, who was still shaking in his place. Cops, nurses, doctors, The SWAT, the fire department; everyone was rushing to the supermarket, trying to rescue the hostages that were shot, trying to lead the criminals they arrested away, trying to put out the fire that somehow was light in the supermarket.
"After you princess…" The king mocked Steven as he drags him and pushes him toward the bridge connecting the ship to the port, which nearly made him stumble and fall in the water, that caused the blond to give the king a harsh look while throwing a curse or two at the man, which only got him a smirk and raised eyebrow from the said man, but Steven didn't care, he held his head high and tightened his grip on his child as he walked on the bridge to board the ship, ignoring the man behind him as best as he can, especially when the man starts commenting to Steven to move fast.
"I know… I should have warned you… it's on me…" Bucky's mumbling voice reached Steve's ears which ended with the Omega trying desperately to stop a frown from taking hold of his face; Steve wanted everyone going and coming to think that he was asleep, if they thought that he was defenseless then his escape would success.
Short I know, I thought about including their travel to Asgard in this chapter too, but then it will be too long, and I kinda want their trip to Asgard to be its own chapter.
It was true that Steve had heard of her many times in passing; Peter seemed to enjoy filling Steve about his famous aunt whose secret weapons are high heels (Really?) but this was the first time he saw the woman in the flesh. It was due to her going on a business trip to Malibu by the time of his arrival at the tower. Pepper was fun, and it didn't hurt that the two of them had so much in common, which was a good thing in Steve's opinion. When Pepper start talking about the ball (Well, she called it Maria Stark Foundation but still, it has dancing, food, and fancy dresses, so it was a ball) that was going to take place in a few weeks from now, Steve couldn't contain his happiness… maybe just maybe, he had always wanting to ask Anton for dance and maybe this was his chance.
The sound of the door opening made Tony held his breath, heart fluttering in his chest when he saw Steve open the door, the Omega paused when he saw him and he was about to open his mouth to say something, probably to sass the shit out of him, but his eyes fell on the roses, whatever reaction Tony expected Steve to have, he didn't expect the Omega's face to go blank and fury to take over the Omega's face, and if Tony concentrated, even more, he was sure the flash of fear he saw was real. "Steve…" Tony whispered which made the Omega look at him with a dark look, getting out and closing the door behind him.
"Come on man, I was just taking a few photos. Hey! Give that back! You can't take this!" The reporter snapped at Steve when the Alpha snatches the camera away from the Beta and took the film from the camera which made the Beta curse and snaps at Steve as he tried to wiggle out of the Shield agents' arms.
I hope I was able to explain.
It was a magical night in Tony's opinion, the best night of his life if he had to say so too. Tony let out a happy sigh as he opened his eyes, his smile getting bigger by the second when his sleepy gaze fell on Steve, who was sleeping beside Tony with his arm resting on Tony's waist. Part of Tony couldn't help but break a little, he finally tasted what it was like to be Steve's but sooner or later Steve was going to go back to where he was from, leaving everyone behind, leaving Tony and Peter behind; just that thought brought nothing but sad and depressing thoughts to his mind, but Tony shook them off. Not now, not when he had the most amazing night of his life, that thought was for another day, it was a problem that future-Tony was going to deal with, not the present-Tony; Tony now was going to enjoy his time with Steve, he was going to enjoy his time and hoard as many happy memories he has with Steve and Peter, and in the future, he will reminisce about those happy times and fall into the what-if. Tony, Tony was just going to roll with the punches, for now, he was going to enjoy and get busy making many happy memories that had Steve in them before the star's departure.
"OK… where did this come from?" Tony asked his words slowly, not wanting the man in front of him to snap which will end with the two of them fighting which will result in Peter waking up startled and start crying, an action that Tony wanted to avoid, especially in his and Peter's safe haven.
interested in everything paranormal or out of the world as he used to call it. One day he managed to catch Rogers by chance when he was leaving the house and he became… I think obsessed would be a light description… he start camping in the Rogers family house, trying to follow Bucky and Peggy around pestering them about Rogers's past life and how he came to have the powers he holds now; then one day, he just… snapped. On the anniversary of Rogers's death, Johann took the closest person to Steven Rogers, at that time it was Bucky and Peggy's six years old, Stevie, to the Rogers's family house; with his partner Johann beat Stevie to death in the living room and planned on drowning him in the lake later, hoping that Rogers would bless him if he gave him the life of someone who resembles him in looks and name as a sacrifice." Tony closed his eyes as he heard those words, cursing internally as he let out a harsh sigh through his nose.
Humming a soft song under his breath, Tony grinned when he saw the town come into view, wondering about what change in his absence. Entering the town, Tony's eyes followed the familiar paths, taking in the changes that took place, the new shops that opened, and the old ones that closed or changed, making Tony's heart flutter in his chest.
The woman walked slowly through the road, her blue eyes taking in the greenery before her as memories started to dance in front of her mind eye, reminding her of happy times when everything in the world was still right. The woman hummed a soft tune under her breath, gazing around the place with longing, she still remembered the sound of children laughing as they ran and play around these woods, painting her day with happiness as she gazed at them with love-filled eyes.
"Isn't this too much?" Bucky asked when Steve survey their fifth shop, which was an amazing place selling winter wear, Bucky's uncomfortable tone made Steve gaze at the Alpha who looked like he prefers to be anywhere but here, Steve's eyes soften at that, and he gave the Alpha a reassuring smile.
"W-where… i-is… m-my baby…" Steve managed to hiss through his dry throat, sending a harsh glare toward Bucky as he ordered him to tell him where Morgan was, where did he take his baby? The crestfallen look Bucky send him was an answer enough. "N-no… no!" Steve shrieked letting out a scream that made Bucky jump and come toward him trying to calm him down. "Y-you k-killed her!" Steve screamed over and over again, ignoring the gentle hands that came toward him, screaming and shrieking and trying to move his hands to hit Bucky without any success.
Tony's lips twitch up at that, and Steve could see how misty Tony's eyes were, they both were trying to hold their tears back. "Even Dead… I'm The Hero." Tony said making Steve let out a laugh that turned into a sob.
Taking a deep breath Tony sends a text to Steve, marching toward Harley to check the boy over. Other than being thin and some food surrounding Harley's mouth which Tony wiped away, the boy seemed OK, just tired. Not being able to help himself Tony ran his hand through Harley's hair, which gained him a purr from the sleeping boy causing a soft smile to cross over Tony's face as he leaned down to pick the sleeping child in his arms, frowning at how light he was…
"Now why do you think that?" Steve asked with raising interest, well, at least Harley knew that everyone was angry at the stunt he did. Running away was no excuse, even if Harley was scared, it didn't excuse him running away and causing everyone to panic, he could have told Betty about his refusal of adoption; Harley could even come to Steve and talk to him instead of running away. What would they have done if Tony didn't find Harley? What would they have done if they knew about Harley missing days or even weeks later? Steve knew he would have turned feral if that happened, the same could be said about Tony, especially when his Omega seemed to be attached to Harley.
"Get the fuck away…" Growled Stane as he pushed Tony hard, no one notices the sound of ripped clothes, as for Stane he starts his daily beating making Tony curl into a small ball trying to protect his head as much as he can. After what seems like eternity Stane huffed as he straightened himself, he then left the cell closing the door with him.
"No! You are Captain America you can't rule the world, Spider-Man will stop you!" The pup laughed as his father tickled him mercilessly which caused Tony to laugh at that a little especially when the pup turns to Tony. "Mr. Stark, help! Captain America went rogue!" The pup said between his shrieks of laughter, which made a huge smile take over Tony's face.
When he reached Peggy's office, he throws the door open making it slam into the wall behind, making Howard and Peggy, who were arguing once more jump and look at Steve who looked like death had chewed and spite him. Before Peggy was able to say anything Steve stalked toward her with a growl making her takes a step back. "Is this a joke?" He hissed at her making Howard stand in front of Peggy trying to calm Steve down.
"Good, I think…" The Alpha said just as the pup start snuggling into his toy purring in content, which made Jarvis smile and stand beside the bed to get a good look at the pup.
He asked in his mother tongue, looking at the child who shook while looking at him, the king frown when the child didn't answer him, it seems like the child didn't know his tongue.
"No Dad, no just go to sleep, everything is going to be fine," Tony said, trying to smile at his father, but his trembling lips won't allow him.
"Oh look, Megan, there is Pepper," Tony said with a smile, letting Megan go after she screamed in joy and run toward her mother. "Hey Pep." Tony greets his friend hugging her when he reached the woman, making her hold into him tightly.
Tony was happy, he was really happy, he couldn't remember the last time he felt this happiness, but he thinks that it was years and years ago, before Stane and all of the shit happened in his life, but Tony will be lying if he said that Peter wasn't one of the reasons of his happiness, because no matter how painful it was, no matter how humiliating and heartbreaking, Tony will never regret having his baby, because not only was the small child his sanity, but he was his, his and only his, even if Stane was the donor, because by the end of the day, hearing his baby's happy giggles and squeals as he was chased by his family in a game of tag, made Tony's heart flutter happily in his chest.
"Tony… what did you do?" Pepper asked in a slow voice, trying desperately to keep her eyes above the waist and not let them wander down Ty's body as the man screamed and shrieked through the TV, flashing everyone as the police tried to restrain him. Rhodey on the other hand was laughing and clapping his hand, the look of utter happiness clear on his face (He never liked Ty, to begin with, so for Rhodey this was gold)
"Very well, Sir, Edward take that man away." Miss Rushman snapped at her partner as she pointed at the Beta that was trying to run, which made the Omega sighs in relief and hold into the pup, adjusting his grip on him, to the side so he can carry him comfortably then she turns to Tony who was cooing to the pup wiping his tears away. "If you don't mind, Sir, I would like to take your statement at the station." Miss Rushman said which made the Omega look at her and nod his head following her toward her car.
Meeting Dr. Cho was as nerve-wracking as it was the first time, making Tony wish that he wasn't here in any shape or form; but Tony was pregnant, and he needed to make sure that his baby was going to do OK, that it won't be affected from the car accident he had more than twelve years ago. So swallowing his pride and fears, Tony went through the exams and tests and held Steve's hand tightly when his mate tried to calm him down.
Tony waited inside his house until Peggy and Bucky left, and when they did Tony only gave a tired sigh as he slides down until he was sitting on the floor, his mind going into overdrive after his meeting with Peggy and Bucky.
"Of course you would do sweetheart… now come and put some sunscreen on my back," Tony said which made his husband perk up like a puppy and rush toward Tony, causing a smile to twitch on Tony's lips. Turning on his stomach, Tony let out a content purr when his husband's big and strong hands start running over his back, giving him a massage while spreading the sunscreen.
. it was Tony's way of asking for a new start, that's what he probably meant by putting it in Steve's car. After all, the only other person who has the spare keys was Tony, and his husband clearly used them before getting back home. That was the only conclusion that made sense to Steve, especially when S.I. was five minutes away from the café Natasha and Steve went to.
"Yeah, so here is the thing… look, I'm not interested, it wasn't about you being an Addams, it was about me not wanting to be in any relationship and you being bushy, would I have liked you if you were normal? Sure, I would; date you? Probably, but the thing is, you are not normal, neither am I, and this new version of yours is nothing but a cute face and no mind, a boring one, in fact, I actually prefer dating an Addams than making you change who you are just to be with me." Tony tried so hard to ignore the-madly-in-love/heart-instead-of-eyes look Steve was sending him, and Tony knows that he will regret this later, but he prefers an Addams chasing him instead of this carbon copy who will be miserable for the rest of his life, this was the only apology Rogers was getting, the Tony Stark way, the 'Me gonna live the rest of my life regretting that I made you turn into an Addams again but I feel like shit about last night' way. "Look, this is how it will end, I will take those roses, it's your way of saying sorry for showing wearing this and having that stupid idea of me loving you if you changed yourself, you on the other hand are going to get rid of all these clothes, though keep this new haircut, it's better than the shaggy mess it was before, and lastly, we are never gonna speak of this ever again, got it?" Tony narrowed his eyes at Rogers, ignoring the So-in-love sighs the man just let out, he took the roses out of Rogers's hands and pushed Rogers out of the workshop not commenting on how easily Rogers accept being herded out. "Oh, and before you go, black is your color, you look terrible in every other thing, bye." Tony ignored the mad grin on Rogers' face closing the door behind him with a sigh.
"What happened?" Tony grounded out, frowning darkly as he gazed at the lake, not wanting someone else to come and tell him another sob story about how poor Rogers is nothing but a victim. It wasn't like Tony didn't suspect that, but he doesn't welcome the fact being shoved in his face to try and soften the lies and betrayal the town has done.
"Hello?" Tony answered he paused at what he heard, going pale at that…
The day that Anton left this world, was like any other day, it was so funny thinking about it, he remembered that he saw Anton walk with the help of a stick (Because he couldn't walk straight anymore so Anton start using sticks to help to go from place to place) until he reached their place… he wondered when Anton's place near the river became theirs… he watches as Anton sat on the ground grunting a little at that and then looked up at the sky to smile as he saw the star shine.
So why, after all the reasoning Anton thought of, was his Alpha furious? Ready to return to where Steven was and start a screaming match, why does Anton's Alpha growl and hiss and demand blood? Demanding that Anton find this Daniel and finish him? Was Steven not thinking of James when he decided to remarry? Did Steven remarry to give James some stability? Why…? Why? Why? Anton's mind kept repeating over and over, trying to find many answers to the questions that plagued him after the shocking sight he witnessed.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, a little bit of fluff, a little bit of kissing, sadness, violence, near character death, hostage situation, Steve being a BAMF and Tony losing his mind! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
It was only a few minutes before the winds calm down, not that Tony was paying attention because he was grumbling about idiotic blonds and them not respecting the workstation; with all of his grumbling, Tony didn't notice the person who was sitting on the sofa in the corner of the room studying him, it was after that he turned to search for Rogers he found the person gazing at him with bored eyes.
"Didn't I tell sweetheart?" Bucky murmured into Steve's neck causing Steve to gasp in shock when the Alpha starts kissing his neck and scent glands, making Steve feel uncomfortable and disgusted. "I want you, since the first time I saw you, I knew you were mine; my mate, my everything…" Bucky whispered, causing Steve's eyes to widen in shock and for terror to size him at the realization… all this time Steve wondered how Johann Schmitt manages to copy Bucky's voice to try and lure him out… he should have known, he should have realized that it was Bucky from the start.
"Steve!" Tony choked out as he tried to stop his laughter, for Steve started to tickle him and make noisy smacking kisses. "Stop it you heathen!" Tony squealed, trying to stop laughing before his sides hurt, trying to pout and fail because his heart was pounding in happiness when he heard his Alpha's happy chuckle.
"It wasn't your fault…" Tony whispered, getting a tired look from Steve as the Alpha shook his head and leaned his forehead on Tony, taking in the comfort from his Omega, something that Tony never denied anyone even when he was pained and broken, which was something that Steve always admired Tony for.
"You know, there is another place, two hours' drive West of here." The man said gently, in a voice Tony didn't think the man was capable of, which made the young man raise his head to look at the man expecting this to be one of his father's many traps, thinking that Tony will be desperate enough to take the bait, but the thing is, there was a slim chance that the man doesn't know about his father, a chance that the man was genuine, a chance that he will be able to save his baby! "Do you know about a town called Shield?" The man leaned toward him and asked that question, making Tony furrow his brows and shook his head slowly, the possibility of the man being a lair and one of his father's people who were paid increased by the second. "Here…" The man nodded as he gave Tony a map, which the young man took slowly and opened it, looking through the map, raising an eyebrow when he saw a circle on one part of the map.
“Hello to you too, honey bear, now come and help me before I decided that the floor is a good place for your birthday presents.” Tony called out, sending a mock glare toward the Alpha, trying to hide the laughter that wanted to get out, when Rhodey let out a yelp and rush toward his presents, afraid that Tony will go through his threat.
Seeing his love awake, Tony almost jump out of his chair and toward Steve, planning on holding the Omega tightly and not letting go; if this was a dream, then Tony wished to never wake up from it, he wishes to be with Steve in any way he can, even if it was just a wistful dream like this.
"Do you know Italian, Mommy?" Peter asked excitedly, forgetting about his project in the hope of listening to his mother telling him something new, maybe his mother will be in the mood to tell him about his father today after all the Omega didn't talk about his father for months now.
"I am sorry if I opened an uncomfortable subject… I guess I am a little bit rusty in the department of social interacting." Tony said looking at his feet as he walked beside the Alpha, eight years ago, he would have probably chatted the Alpha's ear to deaf, but now? After so long avoiding people and Alphas and ignoring everyone that was outside of his circle of friends… yeah, he was hopeless wall-flower.
The blond man was followed by a female Alpha, she had fiery red hair that fell over her shoulder until it reached her waist that was covered in intricate braids and bright emerald green eyes that scanned the room with bone-chilling precision. Steven felt himself tense in place when the woman's eyes fell on him and stayed there, Steven's glare only made her smirk, and her smirk widen when she waved the double-edged ax she carried in one of her hands, and Steven didn't react other than scuffing at the display. Next was a man with a dark skin whose scowl rivaled even his on a bad day, he was swinging his sword while his eyes inspecting the people inside of the room like they were preys. But as soon as they stepped inside of the room they stepped aside to give passage to the leader.
Pepper's exclaim made Tony chuckle and shake his head, looking around the place with a soft smile. Rhodey had already finished the rest of the room, and the only thing left was connecting Jarvis to the rest of the cameras/sensors/speakers that were installed around his baby's room; now Tony can say he will sleep comfortably tonight knowing that his daughter was going to be OK.
As all of you know, I published four more stories last month, check them out and tell me what you think!
Two hours later, Steve was finally sitting beside his baby's side, wondering how his life could be one big joke. A cold has gone wrong and ended up causing his son pneumonia; how did Steve overlook this? How did the man whose first priority is his son overlooking his baby's health? Was he so much out of his mind after the home invasion he and his baby suffered, that he didn't acknowledge his baby's health? Steve should have been the first one to notice, how did he not notice that his baby was sick?
"I see…" The woman said as she gazed at the young man in front of her who was looking at her with concern. "Do you… how did you met Dr. Erskine, if you don't mind me asking?" The woman asked taking a sip from her tea hoping that the warmth and the scent will relax her a little bit, she never thought that she will hear those words before… never thought she will hear the words 'Erskine' and Dead' in the same sentence, especially when the man seemed so invincible, but she should have known, after all, the man was seventy when she met during the serum testing.
It was like a dream; if Tony kept his eyes shut and just breathe the content and happy scent that has no pain and hurt linger in it. It almost seemed like an impossible dream; a dream he yearns for, a dream he spent years wishing for; it almost made Tony refuse to open his eyes. He just wants to stay in this warm and happy place, with Steve's content and healthy scent.
Gently, Tony raised his right hand, trailing his fingers gently around Steve's face, his lips, between his brows, the bridge of his nose… Tony didn't know what he did to be this lucky and end up with an amazing person as a husband. "Enjoying yourself, sweetheart?" Steve asked in a low voice, causing Tony to curl his toes in pleasure, the Alpha's eyes were still closed, but Steve shuffled until Tony was held in his arms.
Without speaking they both undid their pants and stepped out of them. They took off every article of clothing beside Steve's dog tags until they stood naked before each other. They appraised the other Tony more shyly than Steve. Steve liked what he saw and willingly at that. Tony was of a lean build and sparsely haired, his work in the gym did wonders to him in the past year and a half. Steve dragged his eyes across the body in front of him and Tony visibly shuddered at the attention. His cock lay half hard in a nest of dark curls and Steve just wanted to bite and lick him all over. Tony shuffled around before he took a step towards him and they kissed again.
"So what are you going to do Steven?" Peggy asked that night when everyone was lead to their rooms, everyone was exhausted from what they have learned today, and they all were concern about Steven and his counterpart, after all, they just learned that Steven was supposed to be their 'Steve' while their current teammate was supposed to be from the other universe but they have switched places, it was draining and mind-blowing in away.
"Yes!" Steve almost shouted, just to show Tony that yes, he desperately wants him, and they should probably move before the heat hit fully which then meant that the two of them will be too out of it.
"The winner has arrived!" Tony cheered as he entered the kitchen with Peter sitting on his shoulders pouting, Steve raised his head after he put the last dish of breakfast on the table, sending Tony an amused look which got him a wide grin from the said man as he put Peter in his chair before sitting on his. "What kind of present will I get oh, fair… lord of the house…" Tony said after he nearly slipped up and said mate and Steve's lips twitched up, deciding to forgive Tony for his near slip.
"Ty! What the hell do you think you are doing by making unwelcomed passes on someone?" That was Angie's voice as she snapped at the man towering over Tony with a voice full of rage and anger, which made the man whose name turned out to be 'Ty' growl and back away from Tony which caused Tony to breathe a relieved sigh. "I should tell your Pa about you, I'm sure a few spanking will set you straight! Drinking and harassing people, you never change; just wait until Barnes and Carter know about this." Angie growled as she crossed her arms over her chest, which caused Ty to growl at her before huffing, waving her off before walking away, while cursing under his breath.
"Goddammit Rogers! Why are you ignoring me? It has been two weeks!" Tony finally snapped when he finally saw Rogers walking into the kitchen were Tony was making coffee, after two weeks of locking himself in his room with Barnes. It just happened, Tony just snapped, it was actually within Tony's right to snap at Rogers, for the man start ignoring him since they brought the Winter Soldier back, it was so unfair, so unfair for Rogers to leave him alone after everything said and done, so unfair for the man to abandon their six months relationship to return back to someone who was more machine than human, it was so unfair for Rogers to leave him alone after he… after he…
Steve wasn't even able to go home and check on Dummy and JARVIS, but Jarvis, who usually go home for a little bit every day, trying to prepare the place for Tony's return, told him that everything was OK, still, he missed those two, they were like children to him, believe it or not. The first day at work, Steve spent it locked in his office, Natasha usually come to update him about what took a place when he was away, Clint was there too, asking about the Omega and pup with a worried look on his face, Phil took the job as his secretary and was the one who reminds him to eat something every minute that pass, Fury and Maria were on a mission, something about Aliens coming to earth and whatnot… Steve nearly slammed his head on the table… aliens, like Steve, needed to hear about something like this (He stopped being surprised after waking up from the ice 42 years later) But to be honest, he was grateful for the five spies, if it weren't for them, Steve didn't know what he would have done.
Getting inside the room, Tony's eyes, widen in fear when he saw Steve thrash and writhing on the bed, pain, and hurt and agony, in every twitch of his body, causing disbelieve and pain to go down Tony's heart… why? Why Steve? Why did it always end up with Steve being hurt and him having to watch from the sideline hopelessly, why not him?
"But Howard, what if some unsavory Alpha tried to do something? At least with a powerful Alpha, Tony can be protected!"
"Stop it!" Someone cried out before the men attacked, and Steven turn his eyes only for them to widen when he saw the king's son run toward Steven and stand between him and the men while growling at them, Steven doesn't even know how to react when he saw the small pup, smaller than his babe, glaring at the man, daring them to take one step.
Natasha worked with the police chief Fury, a scary man that always gaze at Tony with narrow eyes like he was a criminal, and Tony would have taken an offense to that, if the man didn't practically look at everyone like that, even Natasha, and she was his right arm. Clint, on the other hand, work as an archery instructor, which to be honest confused Tony at first because he thought archery wasn't a thing, but after he saw the man in the field, Tony changed his mind, he even start thinking about enlisting his baby in Clint's classes when the baby was old enough.
Steve sighed softly as he tried to open his eyes slowly, he felt like shit, but that wasn't something new to him, he felt like shit ever since his husband died, maybe even before that. The thing is, Steve and Tony both knew that the super-soldier wouldn't age like a normal human being, it made them suspicious, but it was confirmed in the end when the year 2030 arrived and Steve didn't look older than his mid-thirty, it made Steve concern, especially when his husband was in his early eighties and was getting older and older by the day, it was Dr. strange in the end who told them that Steve was bond to live a long, long life, for the serum that was created by Dr. Erskine was still an 'Unknown' in their universe, it had crushed Steve to think that he would outlive his husband and friends, and he may even outlive Fury, it seems that the only person who would outlive him by this point was Thor.
Tony then went to the messages icon and pause a little, what was he going to write? He doesn't know his location, though he suspects it was under Stane's house, but that was just a suspicion, the man could have changed his house or he was in a fucking cabin in the woods for all he knows! After a little pause, his eyes light up, of course! How did he forget! The only sentence that was Tony and Aunt Peggy's secret! When she read it she will know who he was and she will make Shield track the message!
It was an hour later that the two of them were walking inside the mall; Steve can see the amazement in Bucky's eyes, which informed him that he did a good thing in getting the poor Alpha out of the house. The two of them spent the time chatting as they went window shopping, that was until the Omega saw a shop with clothes that may be Bucky's style; feeling excited, Steve dragged a protesting Bucky inside and start looking at the clothes with fascination, heading to the shirts and going through them, taking a few and putting them in Bucky's arms, ignoring the Alpha's flushed face as he hissed at Steve, pleading with him to leave.
"You are welcomed… JARVIS." Steve said back with a smile, feeling lighter then he felt in… years now. But his smile dropped as he read the next text JARVIS wrote.
Originally I planned to publish this chapter earlier, but then things happened which kinda distract me from doing that.
A little on the short side I know, but all of my stories will be like this until after New Year.
"Natasha is right Tony, are you planning on spending your heat with Steve or do you want to spend it alone?" Howard questioned, doubtlessly making plan after plan to every response Tony will give, something that Tony always appreciated about his father and how he handles whatever life hurls at him.
"Oh, shush, darling you look dashing even on your worse days," That made Tony snort a little but he gave Winnie a small smile as she let him go. "By the way dear, I want you to meet someone," Winnie said with a happy sparkle in her eyes which made Tony hold into his groan, it seems like he was going to suffer from another failed attempt from Winnie's matchmaking, the older Alpha seemed to take it upon herself to find the perfect Alpha for Tony, someone who will charm the Omega off of his feet as she said, so far, it only lead to awkward meetings with strangers that her daughters introduced to him, Clint never let him live it down ever since one of the Alphas that Winnie brought fainted on top of Tony when he realized he was meeting
Though he couldn't say the same for his father, you could say that his father will drop by his house at least once a week to start the same argument, he never knew how he found his home, but he was sure Stane had a hand in it. The one time he showed up with Stane, you can say Tony may or may have not paid the kids in the neighbors to drive them away… they were such helpful kids! Tony laughed at how Stane run into his father's car with pink glitter glued into his head.
Natasha had asked him the second day he was in this Past/Parallel nightmare he was in.
Steve never questioned that, for it was bliss. Ever since the first day Steve put his foot in here, he was always back here every night, again, and again, and again… he cleaned the room from top to bottom, usually stop to see the pictures of Tony… Tony standing with his friends grinning… Tony with his robots… Tony with Peggy, her mate, and Jarvis… Tony with recent pictures with his father and mother, smiling shyly to the camera… Tony the teen who had his whole life in front of him, who was supposed to go and see the world, who was supposed to fall in love one day and find his mate, who was supposed to have his kids with his mate and live his happy ever after… Tony… the teen that Steve failed because he was a coward…
"Sorry babe, but I really needed to go." Tony got up as he said that going to Steve and kissed the Omega tenderly before quickly drinking the rest of his coffee and grabbing his Jacket. It was only a few seconds before he rushed toward the front door, Happy was already waiting for Tony, which made the Alpha, nodded to him as he got inside of the car.
So what do you think?
!' that Sam let out as he tried to make Natasha see reason. "Honey, there is food in the fridge, and snacks in the cabins, if you need anything just call, we would be here shortly," Natasha said, her hand running gently over Steve's covered head, causing the Omega to hum and groan once more. "I almost forget, Bucky called, he said he is going to come over, to talk about something important." Natasha's voice gets lower and lower as she left his bedroom, but Steve understood why Bucky was coming over, something about Tony and Howard fighting about Steve's stand in the family.
"I know that it hurt Steve, but you need to move on, this will only hurt you in the end." Tony said as he leaned toward Steve, which made the Alpha growl at him and back away as he sends the Omega a harsh glare.
"Insatiable." Steve murmured into his next thrust, no meanness in the word, just fondness and adoration in his tone and eyes. And there's a stir of delight in Tony's belly at that look, Tony was so sure that Steve was feeling smug because he was the one who's reduced Tony to this.
/Warning/: This Chapter contains, cursing, sadness, crying, anxiety, near mental break down, near child kidnapping, a little bit of violence, fluff! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"He doesn't have any living relatives…" Peggy said slowly, making the Alpha glance at her before giving her a file making the woman snatch it out of his hands and flip through it with interest, frowning when she didn't see any photos, just dates, numbers, and little information to be known with the grandson's address. "Fine then, it seems like I need to visit someone very soon… let's hope he knew something." Peggy said to herself as she closed the file humming to herself at the thought of meeting the man's grandson, that thought made a smile take over Peggy's face…
"Who was that mean Eye-Patch, Mama?" James asked after the two of them left the crowded area, which caused Steven to relax that he finally managed to escape the whispering and pointing fingers. Hearing his babe's words caused a chuckle to leave Steven's lips, amusement coursing through him at his son pout; as much as Steven wanted his son to enjoy himself and see the bear just like he wanted, Steven can't stay one more second with the people who kept pointing at him and shying away in fear.
Tony then start humming in boredom, looking around the place with a thoughtful look on his face, wondering if he should decorate the place or not, he did give a few comment to the sleeping man, complaining all the while about Rogers. "What did he do this time?" Came the sleep-filled voice, which made Tony jump and let out a squeak he will deny letting out for the rest of his life.
"Who the fuck are you?" Snarled the witch when her eyes settled on Nebula, taking her in with so much rage and hate clear on her face; the witch was nothing but a child who continuously threw tantrums left and right. Nebula wondered what Thanos would gain from adding the nausea of a female into his armies, probably her magic ability, but Nebula knows for a fact that if Thanos gave her more time, Nebula would have found a stronger magic-user, one that wasn't ruled by their emotions.
4-Það er ekki kominn tími ennþá. -It is not time yet.
… Tony wanted to cry, but at the same time, he wanted to laugh, laugh, and laugh until he stopped feeling the hurt that caused his heart to shrivel in pain.
"Oh, no, it's OK… it's just we don't talk about Peter's mother that much." Steve ends up saying which made Tony hum at that and walk beside the Alpha, the two of them spent the time chatting a little bit, with Peter running between their legs altering between hugging Tony's legs and demanding to be carried by Steve, which was a little bit strange for Tony how forward the little pup was, but it was sweet, and Tony did give Steve a tip or two about how to control over-energized pups… babysitting Clint's pups comes with that territory.
"How did you know… that the Omega was down there?" Fury started fidgeting a little. "When we talked with the neighbors they told us that the phone towers had a problem in the past few days, that the message the Omega sent was three days late, that in that time Stane made sure to close the staircase that went down… how did you know he plans on burring them alive?" Fury asked desperate to know how the other Alpha knew all of this, how he knew he should use his voice on Stane.
"Sucks to hear that, what grade are you, Peter? After all, a smarty like you is sure in the eleventh's grad." Tony said which got a giggle from Peter as he shook his head at that, causing Tony to hum happily as he finished cooking the chicken and put it in a bowl and checked on the pasta.
So here Tony was, pouting as he saw the black S.H.I.E.L.D issued car pulling in his driveway, it was only a few seconds before Rogers was led out of the car in cuffs, with Barnes fluttering all around him trying to make sure that he was OK while ignoring the agents that ran out of the car screaming bloody murder while having a suspicious red substance on their person that Tony wouldn't even bother to think about, for his sanity.
"I know some of the stories… old man Philips always talk about the Shield." James offered, still too distracted to tell Anton any information of use. "I know the Shield was a present to Mama, someone gave it to him as a thank you for saving them… old man Philips said the Shield with the star was the weapon Mama used to fight with the Hydra king when the monster killed my grandmother; old man Philips even swore on Odin that Mama was nearly succeeded in killing the Hydra king before he was betrayed and nearly killed!" James whispered his words full of awe and adoration, making Anton wonder how much of the child's words had truth to them.
22-Taktu þjónana til bátanna. -Take the servants to the boats.
"Is it because of the woman who came today?" Harley suddenly asked around a mouthful of mint ice cream, causing Tony to stop for a second and turn his head around to gaze at Harley, the boy was frowning harshly as he glared at his ice cream darkly.
"Thank you for the reminder, I will take him off your hands." Tony said as he walked toward Steven, taking Peter into his arms, smiling when his son snuggled into his chest, murmuring something that sounds suspiciously like 'Lucky Star' which caused Tony to chuckle a little at the sleepy murmur his baby was letting.
I can't help it that I have an overactive imagination!
It was hard at first when Anthony was introduced to his mother, as his mother feared that Anthony was manipulating him and using him, but with time, his mother warmed up to Anthony when she saw how much love he had for her son, how he will lay the world at her son's feet if Steve so much as wanted it.
?" Steve asked the grin refuse to leave his face as he made another sharp turn at a speed that no sane person will ever reach unless they were planning on dying. Steve could still vividly remember the insane and scary face that his love done when he was done with his parents, leaving them comatose from fear and terror while pissing themselves before deciding that he got bored and left the villa.
So Sarah always knew about her son and grandson's wariness of Omegas, she was reluctant at first when she invited the Omegas of her neighborhood, but Clint was an old friend of Steve and he knew about Peter situation so he stayed away from the pup as far as he can while still enjoying the get-together, but that left Tony, the Omega who doesn't know about her son or grandson, but she wasn't about to leave him out of it, especially after what Winnie had told her of the Omega's story, poor kid, lost his pup and his family because of his father's stupidity.
"Don't cry, sweet thing, you said it yourself, Peter needs to interact with other people and make friends, I don't think that our baby would enjoy the company of grown-up that much even if he love us; plus even with Morgan being there, she is more of a little sister than a friend… and she is three years younger," Steve whispered, cooing and showering Tony with kisses until the man calm down. "Just imagine, baby, our Peter would come and tell us all the crazy stories he went through; the friends he would make, the teachers he would terrify… the poor souls he would torture… it would be a good experience for him to choose his victims instead of us." Tony nodded along with Steve's logical explanation, a pout taking over his face at the thought of how numbered his days were now… at this rate his baby would not need him anymore!
"We came here to see the Shield!" James peeped up, standing in front of Petrus as if protecting him; his blue eyes were narrowed as they took Anton, sizing him as if the Alpha was a potential threat. Anton doesn't know if he should laugh or clap for the small Alpha who resembled his dam the longer they spoke with each other. It wasn't like Anton had much experience talking with the small boy, considering that the queen usually herds the boy away every time Anton came in contact with him. It was refreshing to be able to talk freely with the boy without the queen sharpening his sword to stab him.
"Oh…" Tony ended up saying shakily as he turned around and returned to his task of washing the dished, lips trembling and his eyes becoming glassy because it can't be… how is that even…? Does that mean…? Million other questions swam into Tony's mind as he tried to stop his hands from shaking…
The next gunshot was close to Tony that it made him flinch and back away, his heart pounding in his throat. "Don't play coy with me, Anthony Stark… or should I say, Anthony Carbonell? A real nice cover, I admit I didn't think of that, I thought you will try and leave the country when you didn't show up at that house in Georgia, but to my surprise, you were daring enough to stay close and in this ghost town too. Very nice, now move, we are returning to New York." Obadiah growled as he pushed Tony in front of him, ordering him silently to march out of the house, ignoring the growl send his way by Tony.
It didn't stop Harley from fantasying though. It didn't stop him from staring at the Rogers house and dream about what it would be like to return back home every day and get hugged tightly, it didn't stop him from wondering what would happen if Mr. Tony accepted for Harley to stay with them even after having a baby… it didn't stop Harley from calling Tony
. I wanted to present the house to you before all this mess with Howard and Pepper happened." Steve choked as he heard these words coming from his husband; his heart couldn't help but pound in his chest like crazy.
"And how do you know that? More importantly, how do you know Asgardian?" Tony said with a pout as he took the book back while glaring at it, hoping that it will magically turn into English or any of the ten other languages he knows, he can't believe that a book this seductive can't be read by him, this is an outrage!
Steven's mind remind him as he narrowed his eyes at the way the woman studied him before turning to Nicolaus.
She opened the fridge with a thoughtful hum, taking the juice from the fridge and turned around, only to blink when she saw a doll sitting on the counter gazing at her. Natasha shivered at how the porcelain doll looked a little bit like her with the red hair and green eyes, though the doll had half of its face broken, and the white dress she was wearing was drenched with a red substance.
"You know, it isn't fair that Stark got to have the only thing I spent half of my life chasing after." Bucky stated bitterly, and Steve never felt as pained as he did when he saw the sadness in Bucky's eyes. "Isn't there any way?" Bucky asked, and Steve didn't dare to mention the desperate tone in his voice.
Tony looked at the flowers in his hands, jumping on his feet nervously, wondering what Steve will do once he saw Tony holding his favorite flowers for him, especially when it wasn't even the flower's season to bloom… today, Steve told him that May, Steve's neighbor, and friend, was going to babysit Peter, something about the woman missing the small boy, and who wouldn't miss such a precious bean that brightened everyone's day?
"Ha-ha, laugh all you want, see if I'm going to make you breakfast today for this stupid prank." Steve said as he gazed at his Alpha who was leaning on the wall for support, continuing with his laughter, especially now that Steve's face turned red from embarrassment.
"Well then, I hope you won't mind working as a translator." Tony said as he thrust the book into Steven's arms while taking a few more books and added it to the book, nearly overflowing Steven's arms with the fifty books he manages to snag before Peggy start pulling Tony's ear telling him to stop while returning the books in Steven's arms to the shelves causing Tony to whine.
Steve looked at the ceiling with an open mouth, not believing what he was hearing at all. "How is that even possible Edith? The blueprints were of a time machine, universe traveling is impossible unless someone has magical powers, and if I remember correct I returned the Infinity Stones and made sure they will never fall in the wrong hands again." Steve said running his hand throw his slightly long hair to slick it back, mind racing with every possible path this encounter could end with.
Raising her head the Omega let out a breath she didn't know she was holding when she saw that the front door was opened, did the Omega really gave her an invitation to his domain even when she didn't deserve it? Maria thought to herself watching the open door for five minutes straight before finally gaining the courage and got out of the car and walking toward the door, every step she took made her heart pound in her chest like a crazy, she was about to meet her son's mate and child.
Months go by after that day. When they'd finally begun to get enough from making up for the lost time, Steve's heat had started and made them bound to the bed for days again (And Peter to spent his time with Bucky who came to visit). To say that those days had been intense would be an understatement. Something that had started as a lust ridden from Tony before the heat, had turned into a serious conversation and finally manifested into reality during Steve's heat. That something had definitely added a whole new level to the experience as if all that they had been through wouldn't have been enough to make them hungry and desperate for each other to the point of Tony not eating for two days and Steve not washing for four.
Stunned, Tony couldn't help but let out a surprised laugh as he gazed at the baby, raising his other hand to open the kid's small mouth, his lips twitched up when he saw tiny fangs in the baby's otherwise barren gum. A mutant? It seems so with his strength and strangely out-of-place fangs, probably why his parents abandon him.
"You!" The blond growled as he saw Anton standing in front of him like there was nothing wrong and that made Steven growl and let out a war cry as he went to attack the brunette with the pillow making the man shriek and dodge the crazy blond. "You cannot just stay dead can you?" Steve let out a growl as he attacked Anton once again, which made the man dodge once more.
“Did I do something wrong?” Tony asked, unsure what to do with how the older man acted around him, he starts feeling that he should have mentioned about what went on last night, but something deep down told Tony that he should hold this a secret until he was certain of what he saw, maybe it was really a few teens who were performing a humorless prank.
The next morning was the same as the one before it, waking up exhausted and drained; even when Tony realized that he hadn’t gone to sleep but the stress made him pass out, last night's events still dancing in his head, numbing him to the bones, leaving him a jittery mess in the aftermath. Tony wondered in the back of his mind if he was losing his mind if what he saw was a trick or a hallucination he dreamed, but he knew one thing, the horror he felt was real, no matter what the circumstances were.
"Hi… Peggy." He whispered to the woman that was reading her book, the woman looked at him and Steve had to give a smile, Peggy looked as beautiful as ever, no hair out of place, and still wearing that red lipstick, and the most important part, she doesn't look older than 35 years old, simply put, she was beautiful.
Usually, when the creature dared to stop a bully from hurting someone, it was usually followed by screaming, it was followed by things thrown his way, by cries and begs for mercy, it was followed later by snapping and angry screams and the words
. Tony thought to himself.
"I'm back!" Tony called out as he closed the door behind him, the sound of Peter squealing in delight as he ran toward the Omega made Tony smile and lower himself to the ground, holding the pup tightly in his embrace when the boy was within his arms reach, which caused the boy to purr happily and snuggle into Tony's neck, letting out a purr in delight, which made the weight on Tony's back vanish. "How was your day, bambino?" Tony asked as he had to force himself to let go of Peter and stand up, smiling at the pup when the boy starts chattering immediately about his day as he pulled Tony toward the dining room.
"That was not the deal!" The Omega snarled and hissed which made the Alpha give a dark look as he leaned toward the Omega making the Omega growl at him and hiss, hoping that the Alpha will drop dead and relieve Steven from the headache that took over him.
So what do you think?
Steve looked at him with soft eyes. "Oh, Tony…" Steve whispered his voice raw, and then Steve kissed him, kissed more love into his cheeks and lips and hair. Tony trembled as Steve held him through it too. The overwhelming sensation of it all threatens to lull Tony into a sweet sleep, but the Omega fought it, wanting to soak in every second of the moment. Steve though must have felt his fatigue, because he smoothed Tony's hair back and kisses him one last time as he held him.
"No Steve, we are not crashing anywhere, especially not in Bermuda triangle," Tony said dryly as he send his husband a glare, returning back to his tablet before finishing another Iron Man prototype, but this time the color scheme would be black and red, just like Steve. "Besides, I still want to live; we can talk about dying together in the amazon jungle, like Gomez and Morticia when I reach my eighties," Tony said, causing Steve to pout a little before letting out a sigh, and later a smile crosses his face as he probably started imagining their lives together.
Nightmares still haunt Tony when he was asleep, sometimes when he was awake, and sometimes when he saw his father or even aunt Peggy coming near him without being prepared for it mentally he will lose it and panic, it broke his heart that he fears aunt Peggy and his father, but the doctor told him it was normal, that he was isolated and hurt in the past six years that it was normal… it made Tony hate himself for being weak, he hates himself when his body relax at Steve Roger's scent, his fresh scent, like the forest after the rain, warmth of the bonfire, and strangely the scent of ice that surrounded him, it made him calm and sleepy, and he had to stop himself from purring aloud. He hasn't seen the Alpha in the past two weeks or so, which only succeeded in making his nightmares increase more than ever.
"I… d-didn't, mean it, Papa!" Peter sniffed as he tried to wipe his nose with his sleeve, only to be stopped by Steve who took a tissue from the bedside table and wipes the boy's nose. "T-the room wasn't locked… Lila and Copper… they wanted to see the room, I told them, no, but they said that Tony used to let them in that room when they were little, and then… and then the puppy ran inside and we couldn't stop it! I'm sorry!" Peter let out a few sobs as he hides his face in his father's chest, which made the man give a tired sigh at that.
"Sorry brat, you do not have anything I am interested to tread you the Shield for, thank you for the story though, it was fun." Anton grinned, herding the kids outside of his workshop and ignoring the complaints about him being mean and a trickster…
Finally after a long time, an update!
The silence between them continued until Steve crossed the few feet between them to stand before Tony. "Tony, are you sure?" Tony's mouth was on his prevented him from repeating his question. Stunned, Steve could only stand there, before he pulled Tony gently to his chest, letting out a shuddered breath as the scent of pre-heat intensifies, making Steve hold into his growls lest he scared the Omega. Tony pulled away from the kids and mumbled something, before once again rigorously staring at his feet; face flush bright red both from arousal and from embarrassment. The action causing Steve's lips to twitched up as he cupped Tony's face in one hand to tilt it up. "This is unlike you, Tones." He spoke calmly.
"But Dad!" the two teens whined as they were scolded once again for running away and leaving his side and annoying other customers. Tony felt a little bad for the harsh scolding the two teenagers got, but from the tired and exasperated look on Mr. Wilson's face, this was not the first time the two teenagers did something like this. "We are sorry, Mr. Stark." The two teens chimes in cynic as they turned to apologize to Tony after being ordered by their father; Tony on the other hand waved the apology away, a comforting smile on his lips informing the two teenagers that they were forgiven.
The universe that Steven came from is the MCU universe, it followed the movies from the start of CA: TFA to Avengers: Endgame, if you read the first chapter you will notice the changes I made in Endgame that affected the universe Steven is from. In that universe, Steven's Shield was indeed destroyed, though you will have to read the story to find out :D
The silence that blanket the place after Steve left was suffocating; Tony could do nothing but look up at James who was glaring at him with disgust and hate shining in his eyes. "Like father like son; don't you think big brother?" James asked with a mocking tone, and Tony tried hard not to bristle at the way his brother was talking to him, James always hated them, all of the Stark family, so it was no surprise that he will sneer and mock him at him when they were alone. "Does that scene remind you of anything? Because it sure as hell does; remember when your father did the same thing to my mother? Not even giving her the respect of solving the problem in the secrecy of their own bedroom, instead, he screamed at her in front of Stane and all the servants, do you remember what happened after that big brother?" James asked in a faux innocent voice as he tilted his head, his words causing Tony to grit his teeth, trying to shove the unpleasant memories away.
Bright, bright, brighter… Steve made sure to shine as bright as he can, ignoring the shrieks and screams and cries of pain that was heard around him, ignoring how his core and magic was burning everything and anything that it came in contact with; only those who were blessed or had a lucky star watching over them would survive. Everyone closed their eyes tightly to protect themselves, trying to Shield their vision of the brightness that burned and burned.
"You… what are you doing here! This is not an elevator for the public or employees!" The Beta woman squeaked which Steve ignored as he saw that there were only a few buttons in the lift but he didn't know where that fucker Stark was, maybe he shouldn't have ditched that fucker who brought him here. "J.A.R.V.I.S. do something!" The woman snapped which Steve ignored completely as he taps his foot on the ground, sending the man and woman a glare.
When they reached the room, Steve hesitate before entering, but he took a deep breath and went inside, his eyes fell on Tony, who was still pale as a ghost, the dark rings under his eyes made him wince as the youth looked like a raccoon, though he had to thank the staff who worked here, they had bathed the Omega and cut his tangled hair to a manageable length, he looked more human since Steve saw him last time. Steve noticed that, yes, everyone was here, even Natasha who was looking at the Omega with sympathetic eyes, Natasha's eyes landed on him and she marched toward him, with a small bag in her hand. "Everything you asked for." She said making Steve take the bag from her hand looking inside, he then hugged her, making the woman held him tightly before letting go. "If you need anything, call me." She said making Steve smile at that and ruffle her hair which made her grumble half-heartedly. "Here." She said producing a phone out of her purse.
Tony never personally met the boy that Peter was all over, but Steve did meet him a few times, joking about how the boy and Peter could pass as brothers, which usually made the pup squeal happily and beg both Steve and Tony to bring him to their home, which usually got a laugh from both the adults… though, Tony could go without being called by Peter's principle every week to inform him that the little boy always gets involved in the school fights, because of that boy Peter befriended.
Reaching his house Tony grin as he made a B-line to the deck, letting out a hush of giggles like he knows that he was doing something naughty and getting away with it, which made him let out more giggles this time, his heart pounding in his chest, the happiness of earlier that day made him giddy, he ignored the boat and left it alone, planning on using it come morning.
(See the end of the chapter for
So why would he be stupid as to endanger his only chance of being something, of changing the world into a better place for that…
Steve on the other hand was frozen in his place, gazing at Bucky's back with wide eyes, not believing what he just heard from the Alpha, did the two brothers made this story up? But from the look in Bucky's eyes, the Alpha was clearing thinking that Steve was crazy, Steve practically scared the Alpha that he fled from here. "I'm… I'm not lying, Tony, I swear I am not…" Steve finally said after he was able to gather himself, tears start clouding his eyes as he gazed at his mate with confusion and fear, wondering what happened to him that he couldn't remember last night.
14-Leitaðu að öllum; sjáðu hver er með ullarþræði í vinstri úlnliðnum. -Search everyone; see who is wearing a thread of wool in his left wrist.
The first thing Steven did was bracing himself when Thor called Heimdall's name, and it was the right thing to do because not even a second later, the light from the rainbow bridge surrounded all of them. Steven felt himself being pulled up faster than light and he had to hold his breath, at the tugging he kept felling until they landed in Asgard, but Steven could handle it, after all, to enter the 'New Asgard' on earth you also have to be summoned by the rainbow bridge, a fate Steven didn't know how the Asgardian did. Landing in Asgard was not all that glorious, because as soon as everyone landed, everyone but Steven and Thor fell on the ground moaning in pain and dizziness, and Steven had to wince when he saw Clint throwing up on Thor's boots which made the God shriek and jump away while cursing seven ways to Sunday… Steven had to stop himself from facepalming, especially when Thor give a girlish scream after he slipped and fell on his ass in Clint's vomit… talking about revenge.
"Don't try to play the victim with me Tony, a year; you knew I fell in love with you after half a year! You had a whole year to tell me who you are, a whole year to prepare me for your true identity! But how do I find out? I find out from your father as he came to kick me out of our apartment! I fell sick Tony, I thought I was going to die; I was hauled to the hospital to be informed that I was pregnant! I was a child, who was forced to choose either to drop out of college or getting rid of the baby, you never were there, you promise but you never were there!" Steve's voice cracked which made Tony swallow, both of them too tired and drain to try and hide their glassy eyes.
"I… I'm not him…" Tony finally said, he didn't even know when he gained the courage to finally say those words that plagued him for a long time now, and when Steven tilted his head in confusion Tony took it as his chance to explain. "I'm not the person you always think of me as, I'm not Anton, whoever that way, I'm Anthony Edward Stark, I'm not him." Tony really hoped that his explanation will stick in Steven's head this time; he hoped that Steven will realize that he wasn't Anton, whoever that fella who made Steven hates him for no reason.
Today the three of them decided to go and buy the necessity to the baby nursery; Rhodey had already painted the room a lovely creamy color, the only thing left was the furniture, which was already bought and delivered to the house without Tony saying a thing because apparently living in a small town meant that your business will always have people sticking their nose in, and when they know that you are buying something for the baby, it meant you get everything for free. No matter what Tony did, plea, or threat the owners that he will pay them or he won't take a thing, everyone just coos at him, and then they wave his threats away, saying something about it being their present to the baby or something, they even argued with Tony when he wanted to give them at least half the price; to make the matter worse they even called Peggy on him, which got him nothing but a painful ear pulling that caused him to pout to Kingdome come, it ended with Bucky taking pity on him and take the list off Tony's hand promising Tony that he can pay him back by fixing things around their house when Bucky doesn't have the time for it, which Tony agreed happily.
"Hey, hey, hey, first of all, I have never touched an alcoholic drink in three years! Second of all, what do you mean by me fighting James? Baby, do I need to call Bruce to come and check you? Did you hit your head when you passed out? You are making no sense!" Tony looked like he was a minute away from a full-blown panic attack, Steve even saw his Alpha's hands twitched near his pocket like he was ready to take his phone out and call Bruce.
Tony frown, gazing at the pieces of his armors scattering across the table, what happened yesterday still replaying in his mind; he still remembers the betrayed look on Steve's face, the heartbreak in his eyes, but most importantly he still remembers the redness on Steve's hands and face from the holy water he threw at the man. Tony admits that he may have overreacted yesterday, he admits that it was totally uncalled for to treat Rogers like how he did, but then again no matter how much Tony screamed at Rogers that he wasn't interested in him the man still chase after him no matter how many times he screamed no.
"Something wrong?" Bucky asked with worry shining in his eyes, which caused Steve to shake his head and turn the table on their conversation, getting back to it while ignoring his phone that was buzzing like crazy, serve his Alpha right for ignoring him and their baby on the most important day in their life, after all, how many times was someone going to be a parent for the first time?
Usually, all of his friends will come to his house when they need their candy fix, or in Clint's case; his children will scream and cry until they have their candy fix, which meant that the blond Omega will crash in his home and beg for help until Tony can unearth a few candy bars for him.
When they arrived at the heart of the village Anton had to hold himself from letting his grimace show, it was one thing to show his feelings in front of his friends and allies it was another to show it in front of his enemies. So instead of growling at Tyber as he wanted, the king don a blank mask, narrowing his eyes and straightening his back as he walked toward the two people who he wished didn't exist in the world.
!" Tony sighed, probably shaking his head too when he heard the pleased 'OK!' coming from Peter who let out a happy purr and snuggled into Steve a little more.
It was after nine when Tony and Peter returned, by that time, Steve was ready to call the Alpha, he can clearly imagine how the Alpha and the pup probably forgot themselves in the lab and laughing like mad scientists, and Steve was pretty sure that the Alpha and his pup would have eloped together came the morning, he was a little worried because Tony was always a little dangerous when he was in the lab, mainly for the sometimes stupid ideas that will seem good to the Alpha, only for them to blow in his face not an hour later.
"The last time someone made me angry, half of the universe was nearly destroyed, and my Shield ended up broken." That statement made Loki inhale sharply as he looked at the blond man, eyes widen at the true meaning of these words, and it made him put his cup down and gaze at the man in wonder…
"Oh, you're so cute!" Tony said unconsciously as he sat up and brought the boy in his embrace cuddling him like he hasn't seen any cute boy in his life, and a cute one like Peter at that, his action only got him a knowing smirk from Steve and a confused look from Peter. "Of course I will teach you! I will even ask the scary Natasha, the best Ninja in the world to teach you!" Tony purred in pride as he saw his baby's eyes widen at his words and for him to jump happily all around the place as he said yes!
The third is a Medieval Alpha/Beta/Omega dynamic story, with a dark Vikings Tony, and a take-no-shit from-anyone queen Steve (Yes, you read right) the story is kind of sensitive, so all the readers should read the warnings in the story.
To be honest though, Tony can’t wait to marry Steve, and he was happy that the same sentiment was shared between his Alpha, which is probably why they agreed to hold the wedding in four months from now, maybe it was fast, some will say, and some will say they haven’t planned it at all, but the truth was, Steve and him just couldn’t wait anymore, the connection the two of them felt was too strong for it to be a fling and the was no uncertainty to cloud their relationship, the two of them knew that they wanted to spent the rest of their lives with each other.
"Tony?" Pepper called out and when she reached the living room she grins happily "Oh, my God! I miss you." Pepper laughed as she runs toward Tony hugging the Omega, Tony grin at that and hugged her back, taking in her lavender scent. "It had been such a long time! Oh, Wow Tony, you look glowing! What's your secret?" Asked Pepper as she let Tony go, making the Omega grin at that.
Finally, we reached the end! A little on the rushed side, but what can I say?
The old man in the supermarket asked Steve why he was there, he asked Steve to go back home… part of Steve wondered what the older man meant by that; Steve wondered if the older man knew that this was going to happen and that's why he was trying to make Steve return back home.
Steve's sharp voice made Tony tense and rush toward Steve with a shout, he could feel aunt Peggy and Peter's gaze on him as he rushed toward the soldier and raised his fist to strike, the soldier sensing his intentions, went to grape his fist and flip him over, but Tony was fast and he twisted out of the soldier's reach, and sent a kick to the back of Steve's right knee, hoping to make the Alpha lose his balance and fall down, but the Alpha seemed to know that this was his plan from the start because he gave Tony a smirk before he jumped out of Tony's reach and rushed toward him with his fist raised high, that made Tony gulp and trying to avoid Steve, but he was already late, the soldier opened his fist and took hold of him, and flipped him over his head, which made Tony squeak as soon as his back hit the matted floor of the boxing ring.
without feeling awkward about it, Peter was as cute as always sneaking in Tony's house more often than not which ended with Steve or Sarah sometimes Bucky knocking on his door an hour later, Peter was getting the therapy he needed, Steve even told him that he can see some changes in the small pup, which made Tony hopeful that the little one will be all healed. Though what Tony would have hoped to avoid was his friends teasing and cooing about him being in love with the Alpha, as much as he wanted to deny that, he couldn't, because his flushed face always exposed him.
"OK…" Harley smiled, his eyes start sparkling in wonder, which made Tony's breath leave him in a rush. Tony doesn't know why but seeing the small boy relaxing around him, made something flutter inside Tony's chest; it made Tony feel like he has done something good…
"I summoned a demon." Rogers said with a happy smile, looking at Tony like he was a puppy waiting for praise, which is wrong to think of Rogers like that especially when he was a psycho. "Don't worry, he didn't run this time, I locked it in my room and next time it will go after Bucky." The happy smile widens even more, making Tony scream.
It hurt Steve how Tony practically starts living in his office, rarely coming home, leaving Steve wondering if the Alpha was doing OK, Steve, he gets bored, as much as he loves painting, he can't spend the whole day painting and drawing, nor he can spend it cleaning, he needed someone to talk to when he wasn't out with his friends or when they came to visit, and unfortunately, it seems that James wasn't all about talking, more of holding himself in his room without getting out unless it was the middle of night… though the blond really hoped that this will change soon…
Too much for a slow burn XD, they kissed!
As time went, though, Tony became grateful for the additional time he had to straighten up his mind; the additional time gave Tony and his family a lot of time to think and bond with each other; especially he and Steve. It was true that the two of them were nearly on the same mindset and never argued that much, but the extra time for just them and Peter helped them greatly.
If Tony agreed on one thing, is that being in the police station sucks, mainly because he knows they suspect him on some level, other because as soon as they reached the station he was told to wait in the chair near the intriguing rooms, and of course he refused to let go of the pup when some knot-headed officer tried to take him, and when he tried to pull the pup from Tony by force, the kid screamed bloody murder until he was put in Tony's arms again, so here Tony was sitting on the hard plastic chair with the small pup sitting sideways in his lap snuggling into his chest holding his toy tightly.
Steve was cranky, he was tired, angry, hurt, in pain, and he hates this life and everyone in it; why can't Bucky Goddammit Barnes realize that he was not welcomed into his life at all? Why can't he realize that as soon as Steve gets better he would leave this place and go search for his real family? Why can't anyone just leave him alone? Steve wanted to be ignored and not followed twenty-four/seven by nurses, doctors, and Peggy; he wanted enough time for him to go search for the truth and decide what to do next.
Harley knew he should have stayed with Mr. Tony when the man told him to distract Peter, he knew he should have pulled Mr. Tony with him and ignore the harsh looks the woman was sending, he knew he shouldn't have left Mr. Tony alone. The thing was, Harley was scared and as soon as Mr. Tony gave him the permission to leave, he took it and run toward the house hoping that Mr. Clint would help and save Mr. Tony from the scary woman outside.
Steve frown at Tony, making the inventor bristle at the look he was receiving, the only thing that stopped Tony from throwing Steve out was the sad anguish in the star's eyes, it made Tony stump, why was the star looking at him like this? "Sounds like a cold world, Tony," Steve stated in glancing at the screen with a frown, causing Tony to take a deep breath trying to calm down.
An update, we finally saw Stane got what he deserves!
"I… I attacked t-the Omega after insulting him and drawing the f-first hit…." Hamar stuttered from his place, not even daring to raise his eyes from the ground; everyone tensed like a bow when Starkad stood from his throne, everyone trying to back away from the Alpha who seemed more deadly than he was a few seconds ago, as the wind sends his raging scent toward those who were standing in the back.
It was only a few more seconds before everything went down, the sound of a broken door reached Steve, and then the gunshots were heard, causing Steve to flinch and rush to hide in the bathroom's tube in fear of a stray bullet hurting him or his baby. Whatever was taking a place on the outside of the door was hell from the sound of it; screams of the police, the snarl of his stalker, the guns that kept firing… it was probably fifteen minutes before everything became quiet, but to Steve, it as forever until this nightmare was over.
So sorry for the late update, take this long chapter (By my standers) as an apology!
Peggy and Bucky were crazy, that's the only explanation that Tony can reach, the people of this town had lost their marbles, all of them; that's why they still talk about 'Stevie' or more accurately Steven Grant Rogers. That's why they talk about the haunted house and the lake monster who doesn't like bullies and the God's knows what. Everyone in this Godforsaken town is mad.
OK, so who predict the stalker was Bucky? The ones who did that will get a cookie!
"'K, Mommy…" The boy said not turning from his toys, it made Steve smile a little and walk toward his son and picked him up which made the boy squeal in joy as Steve start tickling the little boy mercilessly, just hearing his baby's squeal and laughter made everything worth it in Steve's eyes.
So when the Avengers finally were called to fight Loki, Tony was more on board with that, maybe he could even convince the God of mischief to break Rogers' spell for the right price! Rogers was with them that mission, which, as much as Tony screamed his head off at his teammates to not do this stupid thing, no one listens to him anymore, which made him huff and buff until his face was red, and he ignored Rogers who tried to follow Tony like a puppy with pleading eyes… he got repulsor to the face, but unfortunately, Rogers was able to avoid the blast.
"We should crash the plane into Bermuda triangle!" Steve chirped happily, his words entering one of Tony's ears and leaving by using the other one. "Uncle Fester, you meet him at the wedding, he went there in the 1900s and went missing for 25 years! He said the place was fun, last time I checked it has a great internet connection…" Steve continue, babbling about how they should go and see this black hole and how romantic it would be to get lost in there and die together and other things that Tony was sure were one of the Addams family traditions or something.
"Tony, please don't lie." Steven said gentle, but Tony was able to detect the steal behind his words which caused Tony to tense, before he gazed at his hands, letting out a tired sigh as he took the stick from Steven's hands, the man was still watching him, not taking his eyes off him.
Everyone was set on the edge; not only were they worried about Tony, but Peggy and Howard were trying to make the judges they knew to reconsider their decision of letting Stane out with nothing but a slap on the wrist because Stane deserved nothing short of death. Steve had been tempted to break the lab door down to see how Tony was doing, but the Alpha was never careless enough to destroy the Omega's safe haven, so with that, everyone was forced to wait for Tony to show up after locking everyone out.
"You speak as if you know…" Tony muttered, getting a small laugh from Steve, it made the Omega's lips twitch up into a smile despite him not wanting to.
When it finally clicked into Pepper's head what Tony just told her, she squeals and hugged the Omega tightly making him let out a happy laugh. "Oh, I'm so happy for you Tony! Who is the lucky person? When is the wedding going to take place?" Pepper let go with a huge grin, only for the grin to fall at Tony's sad look. "There is no Alpha…" She got a nod from Tony, which made her let out a quiet 'Oh' and look at the Omega. "W-when is the appointment for the…" Pepper couldn't even finish her sentence, being a pregnant Omega without an Alpha or a mate was frown upon, but in the past ten years or so Omegas' right had been on the move, Omegas made process, they changed people's views on them, but even then, she didn't think that Tony will keep the baby, especially with Stane steering his father out there.
And the source of all of their problems? A freak who called himself Helmut Zemo… the Red Skull's son… great… peachy! Tony was so going to have a long talk with his aunt about these kinds of guys she always fights, and since when did the Skull have a son? It wasn't written in history, hell! Even his aunt Peggy didn't know about the Skull having any kids. "Ah, finally! The Avengers at my present!" The man's words made Tony close his eyes tightly, a killer headache was about to take over, at the thought of the man in front of him monologuing on and on about his evil plans… Tony has better things to do than hear the man out, like seeing his mate and child.
"I… I…" Daniel squeaked and Anton had to bite his lower lip to stop himself from snorting and giving his hidden place, whoever the person who was speaking with the Omega was one breath away from drowning himself. "Can I please… have the permission... uh… courting you…r…" Daniel said before he started to choke and muttering, gaining an amused huff from Steven who was holding in his laughter.
"Yeah, his name is Steve Rogers." He let out a snort as he saw his father choke on his wine… will more of having to spit it out, but the man will say otherwise if someone asked him. The room became even more silent afterward. "I promised myself I will mate no one but him… shame, I am sure that Hammer is a good boy and all, but I already have an Alpha." Maria looked more confused and distress by the second. Tony was relishing in it.
"I saved someone's life, and gained them in the process." The Omega said shortly, which made the Alpha scowl at the answer but he ended up crossing his arms and looking at the Omega for a long time before he tilted his head to the side as if thinking hard about something, the Omega's heart pounded in his chest, waiting for the Alpha's final words, praying for Frigga and Loki that they will listen to him and help him save the innocent lives of his friends.
Well, it was mainly because both of them weren't ready to go all the way, Tony with not being comfortable enough to have sex once again after the last time that ended with him falling pregnant and losing his baby, and Steve who is trying to get over his ex who left a bad taste in his life that still clouded the minds of the Rogers family, especially Sarah with her being overprotective of his family… nearly controlling sometimes… Tony thanked Steve for being a strong-willed and Winnie for taking no shit from Sarah as she kicked Sarah making the Alpha see reason and stop trying to ruin her son and grandson's lives by being controlling.
Even if the pain and blood filled the cold, unwelcoming room. And he was sprawled on the floor, or as much as he could be in the small bathroom. It was barely big enough to give him room to spread his legs. It was not placed… no place to have a baby, but there was no hope to escape, and he won't give birth to his baby
"The voice in my head… I always hear it since I was small, but… but I can't hear it anymore, besides you are here... you are Captain America and you are dead." Tony's voice cracked, which made Steve want to go to the Omega and hold him tightly.
Unfortunately for Tony, life was never fair to Tony, fairness was out of play ever since Tony was ten years old and Jarvis died… anyway, out of the pity party Tony threw himself into; at this moment Tony was in one of S.H.I.E.L.D.'s meeting rooms, getting his head hammered by Fury and the PR personas for the stunt he pulled at his birthday-ball… so what if Tony was engaged to Steve? It's no one's business but his! Right at this moment, Fury took it as his business to go on and on about how reckless Tony was by making his relationship with one of the Addams family public and exposing Steve's identity of being the original Captain America/the former Winter Soldier in the process.
"W… w-what was that?" Tony asked shakily as the cat ran toward the high fences of the mansion and passed through the bars, it was only five seconds before the people outside start screaming and the cars start crashing into each other, he was sure that he heard a man screaming 'It ripped my fingers!'
"Nothing, baby, everything is going to be fine; it's just Tony and the Avengers getting called," Steve stated calmly as he rushed to the panic room as fast as he can without running and waking Peter even more, it was a few seconds before Steve skid down the hall, his eyes widen when they fell on someone… actually, it was not someone per se, it wasn't even a person! It was… it was a raccoon; a raccoon with big guns but still a raccoon, a rabid raccoon that glared at Steve and pointed the guns his way.
Betty's sobs made Tony close his eyes, counting from ten to one and repeating the process while taking deep breathes, hoping that he will calm himself and not start shouting at the poor Beta because of a fit of misleading anger. "OK… OK, calm down Betty, calm down and tell me what happened. Please…" Tony breathed out his eyes not leaving the boy who was rubbing his eyes with his fists and yawning ready to go to sleep any second now.
"Peter…" The boy said shyly and pointed at himself which made the man smile and nod his head. "Why 're you crying…?" Peter asked as he wiped the man's tears, which only made the man give a choked gasp and pull the pup gently to hug him. It made Peter tears up at that and his lips to wobble, but his Papa walked until he was standing beside his Mama and him, which made him sniff a little and wipe his tears, he had to show his Papa that he was strong, a hero like his Papa calls him.
The station attendants don't comment on the bruises, the swelling around his eye, or the cut on his brow that stopped bleeding. They stare at his shaking hands as he pulls off his gloves and hands over the money, the knuckles skinned and red-raw. He pays in cash only, anonymous and untraceable, and keeps his head down. There are cameras everywhere, and maybe its paranoia, maybe the bastard's reach doesn't extend as far as he claims, but Tony isn't taking any chances. He pays in crumbled bills, hoarded over years and months for this moment, and then he kept on moving, never staying in one place for more than it takes him to refuel and go to the bathroom.
It was only a few seconds later before the woman was laughing, her dark laugh made Tony's whole body shiver, and he had to grimace, at least she is not as scary as Steve when he loses it. "Oh, I know now what he sees in you, no wonder he fell for you; you will make a wonderful addition to the Addams family." The woman grin, her eyes sparkle dangerously as she took Tony from head to toes, causing him to grimace. "My name is Wednesday, tell Steve I send my greeting; goodbye little rabbit." Wednesday grin and snapped her fingers; the winds picked up and start storming inside of Tony's office, sending everything across the room.
A small amused smile made itself known on Steve's tired face, and he straightens himself, planning to go inside and give Tony a piece of his mind. From the corner of his eyes, he saw Bucky waving to Steve, bags of takeout in his metal hand, probably showing it off, from the look of the nurses around them. With an amused smile, Steve waved to Bucky, causing the big Alpha to grin; his childhood friend will probably rub it in Tony's face, it was his version of a pep talk, which was shit in Steve's opinion.
Pepper took a sip from her coffee with evident satisfaction, before choosing her words carefully. "You got someone looking out for you…" She said her words slowly, causing Tony to nod his head. "I'm guessing more than the one if you'd let them." Pepper hummed to herself as she turned her coffee cup in its saucer thoughtfully.
So what do you think?
or something of that sort; thankfully the two of them were angels as soon as they finished their pillow fort and had their snacks, leaving Tony to finish his work before starting to prepare dinner. Burger steak as the kids demanded.
The king should know that because of him not coming to answer Steven's plea, because of him taking the information about Johann and disappearing for six years, two of Steven's children died because of him being a sleazy oathbreaker with that Beta of his, and because of that Steven will blame him till the end of all lives and until Ragnarok is here. "I never found your letter." The king answered in a sure voice and Steven wanted to scream at the lie the king dared to feed him in his face. "The Beta you were talking about, we found him in one of the ports a day and a half journey away from the Hydra king's palace. The Beta claimed that he managed to escape and in his escape, he stole those scrolls… there was no child with him…" Steven's lips trembled at these words he heard, his breath hitched and he moved against his will until he was holding into the furs of the king's shirt, gazing in the king's eyes searching for his lies… only to find no lie upon gazing at the Alpha for a long time.
Seeing the Omega cry, was what snapped Steve out of his shock as he turned to the children with angry look, causing them to cower in fear. "Lila, Copper, please take Lucky and go to your house… I will talk with your parents later…" Steve said through gritted teeth which made the kids take their dog and rush out of the room, and as much as the Alpha knows it was wrong of him to act like that, he couldn't help it, especially when Tony starts sobbing as he took in the chowed out blanky that was dropped on the floor by the surprised puppy. "Peter… go into your room…" Steve said when the small boy starts shaking when he saw the Omega curl on himself on the floor while hugging the blanky.
"My husband loved dancing… we used to dance in a private garden every date night," Steven finally shared with Tony. The young man looked down, causing Steven to pause before turning the subject to something lighter. "Say, where are the high heels you always wear? Tony squeaked at that, looking at Steven with shock and betrayal.
" The Omega said showing his left wrist, and the Chief narrows his eyes when he saw a white thread of wool wrapped around the Omega's wrist, that made him blink.
"Darling, I want you to be honest with me sweetheart, does your Papa knows about you running away from home? Is he hurting you?" Tony asked the pup gently which made the pup shake his head as the tears start gathering in his eyes.
"God, I'm so jealous Tony!" Rhodey whined as he sipped his coffee, causing Tony to roll his eyes and munch on the healthy snack that Angie put in front of him and ordered him to eat. "Free stuff, being treated like a king, having people buzzing around you all the time… it makes me so jealous! Look at all this delicious food! What did you do to get on everyone's good side? Is it just the pregnancy thing or the innocent face and doe eyes?" Rhodey wiggled his brows which got a snort from Pepper and a pout from Tony.
His baby seemed to have the most luck out of the two of them, and Tony wondered if it was because Tony waste most of his luck; he was so sure that his lucky star gave him a lot of luck and Tony must have waste half of it when he was trying to survive the deadly situations he went through, he was sure that there were at least 2388 times he would have ended up died if it wasn't for the stroke of dumb luck saving him.
Everyone stayed silent after that, they could feel the anger rolling in waves from Anton, making everyone uncomfortable as they progressed toward the hunting ground; Anton hoped that by the end of this trip he would have calmed down enough to start thinking rationally, maybe even think of a suitable way to apologize to the Omega. The party continued to walk for a few more minutes, keeping open eyes for predator and prey at the same time, hoping to catch a buck or two, knowing that the meat would be appreciated especially considering the Winter solstice was getting near.
Whispers and near shouts were heard all around the village, causing Steven to furrow his brows as he gazed at the crowd that formed near the village square, no doubt surrounding the king and his party. Tilting his head, Steven tried to listen carefully to what the people around him were saying, a frown made itself known on his face when he heard the snipped conversation and shock exclamation… what happened?
"After their son's death, Peggy and Bucky trapped and banish Rogers to the lake because in their eyes he was responsible for their loss; they forbid everyone from talking about Rogers or mentioning his name to any other person. They treated Rogers as a substitute for their friend from the start and later convinced themselves that their best friend Stevie is also their son in some twisted way.
"Well, it is not my fault that everyone are idiots, and are overreacting about my engagement is it?" Tony finally snapped, getting feed up with how Fury kept repeating the same sentences for the seventh time, really? Really? Couldn't Fury find anything else to complain about other than his relationship with Steve? So what if Tony was engaged? People didn't care that much about him when it became a known fact that Ty abuses him so why should he care about what they think about his engagement with Steve.
"Everything is fine," Anton stated, his hackles rising as he saw Steven walking out of the forest with a… boy? A boy?! The Omega accepted a marriage proposal from a boy? A boy who was a Beta on top of that! Anton's Alpha snarled at that, causing Anton to hold into his growl and turn to his friend. "Prepare a hunting party; we are leaving in an hour," Anton said in a clipped tone, making Jamti narrow his eyes but did nothing to change his mind. Anton turned around marching toward his workshop to prepare for the trip, trying to stop the growl that wanted to leave him as his mind replayed the even over and over again; so what if the foolish queen wanted to remarry? It wasn't Anton's concern at all…
Howard took a seat in the chair that Tony occupied not a long time ago, gazing at Steve in the eyes. "You know, a long time ago I met someone just like you. Said the same honeyed words as you did years ago and just like my foolish I was an idiot enough to fall in love with him." Howard stated in a bored voice like he had so many important things to talk about than this, Howard then put his hand in his suit jacket's inner pocket to get something that Steve didn't pay that much attention to. "Here is the plot twist though, my dear old father was a smart and a cunning man, he saw something I didn't notice in the Omega, and guess what? He offered him the money in exchange for the Omega leaving me alone." Howard gave an empty smile as he gazes at Steve, and the Omega could see the cold anger burning under the emotionless façade that Howard was using. "Needless to say, the Omega ended up taking the money with the biggest smile on his ugly face; turned out he was more interested in the dollars I have than me, that's what he said on his deathbed anyway." Howard shrugged, opening the metal cast in his hands, getting out a huge syringe that was filled with a deep blue liquid.
/Warning/: this chapter contains, cursing, a little bit of sadness, fluff, dancing, everyone being protective AF, and Steve and Tony are going to kiss! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
So what do you think?
Tony looked at his mail than at the pair, biting his lower lip before taking a deep breath and going toward the pair. "Is everything OK?" Tony asked as soon as he reached the pair, smiling when Peter squealed his name and run toward him to hug him, which made the Omega give a little chuckle at that. "Hello to you too, bambino, how are you?" Tony cooed which made the pup chirp out a 'Fine!' that made the Omega look at the Alpha trying to contain his wince at the dark circles surrounding the Alpha's eyes, he looked like a raccoon. "Steve, what's going on, you don't look fine?" Tony asked the Alpha gently when the pup skipped to one of the bushed in Sarah's front yard and start playing with his toy near it.
By the time Tony finished his tale of woos, then it will start after that, him not moving from his chair, wanting to never acknowledge the next question in any way but knowing that he has to answer the woman. His face then will be turned toward the far wall, waiting for that question to be asked which meant that more unpleasant ones will follow soon.
Howard's wife… Maria. She was beautiful  and young but so, so tired, every time Steve look at her, he could only think of a withered flower that was left without water for too long. If she wasn't taking her medics for depression, she was attending, one of her campaigns that either helped to improve Omegas' right, or helped abused Omegas, or the one about finding missing Omegas… Steve never mentioned how she was running herself ragged, but he has the feeling that everyone in this house was doing the same… sometimes when Maria was looking at him… really looking at him, she will smile at him with a motherly look, she would walk to him and touch his cheek with her soft withered hand, and always whispers after she left him stunned how
Steve hummed as he gazed out the window seeing Tony being droved off to work. Steve on the other hand was a freelance artist and a good one at that, even if Howard always sneers at his work, so he knew that if he really put his mind to it he will be busy the whole day. However, he couldn't shake the nervousness of Tony's brother coming here to stay with him for however long the man needed to get on his feet.
Tony walked toward the mirror to inspect himself, tilting his head a little to the side, inspecting if something was off; only there wasn't anything odd about his attire, he looks handsome… as handsome as a walking corpse with a target on his back that is. "You look dashing, dear!" A feminine voice cooed making Tony squeak and jump, looking around the place with his heart pounding in his chest.
"You know, I can smuggle you and Peter out of the house without anyone knowing." Steve said with a mischievous look on his face which made Tony's eyes sparkle at that, Steve stood up and sign to Tony to follow him which made the Omega rushed to follow the Alpha an excited look on his face, though he starts fidgeting when they neared his father's lab, it had been nearly six years and a half since he went inside, which kind of made his heart pound in his chest. Steve though just went inside the lab like he owned the place, and Tony stood near the door, not daring to enter not look inside.
Steve won’t lie, the place was actually amazing on the inside with how modern and out of the world the technology there was, and Peter was doing well here, it stopped the night terrors from being as severe as they would have been if they stayed in the same place that the painful event happened in; Steve though was a little bitter that he was forced to leave Erskine’s house, his house, and Peter’s home since he was a babe, he was forced to run away with his tail between his legs and stay in this tower like a princess waiting for her knight in shining armor, a knight that Steve hasn’t seen much off since he moved here.
All of that and Peggy kept listening to him with rapt attention, her face going from concern to shock to horrified until it stilled in a blank mask, no doubt she was trying to make sense of his words, and trying to come with a contingency plan after contingency plan to help Steve.
He attends Happy and Pepper's wedding in November, and was the maid of honor even, he was so happy for the two, they deserve all the happiness, and if he paid for their holiday in Hawaii? No one needs to know. And to top it all he knew the gender of his baby! He was going to have a boy! Tony was never this happy in his life, he wished with all of his heart that this happiness won't go away.
"I appreciate what you're doing, but at this rate, it might take another year before we're both finally naked…" Tony groan and gingerly moved Steve off of him in order to stand to undress, causing Steve to whistle at the exposed flesh which made Tony grin; it had been months since the two of them truly enjoyed themselves.
"…bad day… a really shitty bad day…" Sam said as he sat up and took a swing from his beer, sighing and putting his head in his palm. "You know, I never hated my job so much as I hated it now, I couldn't believe that I was the reason breaking that Omega's heart informing him that his pup died." Sam muttered which made both Bucky and Steve look at each other over the Beta's head.
"What I am is of no importance, what is important is what you want…" Nebula stated in a monotone, blinking her eyes as she gazed around the destroyed room, scrunching her nose at the dead bodies in the corner, being eaten by mice and insects. What a messy child, she couldn't even kill her targets right. "You seek revenge, do you not? Revenge from the one named Iron Man. I can help you gain your revenge on him and his teammates for a price of course." Nebula stated, not blinking her eyes when the witch's eyes turned red with anger and bloodlust; a part of Nebula thought that the witch's eyes looked just like Thanos in one of his fits when he lusts for violence and blood, and maybe, maybe that's why her father ordered her to make the witch their ally.
"You are here, oh God, I was so worried; I was so worried..." Tony's voice cracked shivering as he tried to push himself into Steve; trying to mold their bodies together. "Your heart stopped, and I, it stopped…" A sob left Tony as he said these words; a whine got stuck in his throat. With a gasp Tony pushed himself into Steve's warm embrace more than he already is hoping to calm his instincts, reassuring them that Steve was really here with him.
Betty's shaky voice caused Tony to swallow, his eyes becoming misty as he cleared his throat, apologizing for the barista when the teen cleared her throat and told him he was holding the line. "Sorry, yes, I will like another order, cheesecake; blueberry one, please," Tony ordered in a shaky voice causing the teen to nod and Tony was thankful that the teen didn't start asking questions. "Betty? Sorry, I… sorry… he is here with me… what happened Betty?" Tony asked as he moved away, closer to his table to keep Harley in sight but far away that the boy didn't see him and realize what Tony was doing.
When he touched his belly he felt nothing, which made Tony's heart race in fear. "Where is he?!" Screamed Tony when he saw his father looking at him in relieve, at his question Howard's face fell, making Tony's heart drop with it.
"The glasses…" He muttered making Steve look at his side to see a black-framed glasses, it warmed him to see something so old as glasses, as they weren't used since 2034. He took the glasses and gave them to Tony only for the older man to shake his head. "Take it… i-it will h-help you." He said as he pulled his hand out of Steve's hand putting the glasses in it and pushes it toward Steve's chest. "It's c-called E.D.I.T.H…," Tony said making Steve look at the glasses.
Today was one of the good days, Tony can tell anyone that; he enjoyed the day with his friends in the town, laughing at Natasha and Clint as they bickered again and introduce him to their friends, he end up sighing happily at the amazing food Angie put in front of him without him even ordering but he inhaled anyway, and spent his evening in Peggy and Bucky's house as the two of them spoil him even when Tony pout like no one's business, but secretly he was all warm on the inside and happy to finally have people who care about him like how Pepper, Rhodey, and the Jarvis family (Rest their souls in peace) do.
The man though only content himself with sending a text to his husband telling him to come earlier for dinner, which to his delight, the Alpha answered not five minutes later, informing Steve that he will be home earlier today, which made the Omega rush toward the kitchen to prepare a delicious dinner, humming happily all the while as his heart fluttered in his chest, happiness taking hold of Steve.
The next time Steven woke up, it was to a killing headache as he looked at the creamy white ceiling with a dazed look, he turned his head a little to see everyone was sitting there talking with someone with yellow/blue clothes? Steven's mind was too groggy to think or care about details at this moment. Sighing softly to himself Steven sat himself on the bed which made everyone gasp ad rush to him, they were all talking his ears off, which made Steven contain his urge to scream his head off to shut them up, so he looked at the person that was standing in the back of the group looking at Steven with an interesting look.
3-Norse had weekly fully immersive baths indicates that nudity did not have the same status at that time as nudity does today. In fact, going by later graphics of mixed-gender communal bathing, even the nudity of the opposite gender was acceptable, and even normal to some extent, that's why Tony wasn't that affected bathing with Pepper and Natasha, even being a male between females. Considering that this is an A/B/O story, I think that this would have put many boundaries and different thoughts, of what is accepted between Omegas and other dynamics, mainly because of all the pheromones involved.
Steve was so pale; his mate was so pale that Tony feared that his mate was already dead if it wasn't for the harsh intake of breath coming from Steve and the heart monitor peeping with every intake and exhale. Shaking was the only thing that Tony could do as he took the seat beside the hospital bed, taking Steve's hand in his and squeeze, being careful of the tubes attached to Steve's thin arm. His mate never looked as small as he does now; even on his bad days, Steve always looked larger than life, always strong, always happy, always smiling, and full of life. His Steve never used to look like this even on his bad days, and Tony, looking at Steve now, he was afraid.
It was one of the rare times that he dared to gaze at Midgard, and this time he made sure not to look at Greece as he floats in his astral, he was having fun looking at the humans and their lives, that was until his eyes fell on Anton… it was not Anton per se, but it was him at the same time, reincarnation was a thing, it happened, though the only people reincarnated were those that will serve a great purpose in the universe.
"So? It doesn't matter! Tonight is about bonding between the two of us, understood?" The sweet smile left Serpentine's face, causing the woman to look at him with a dark threatening look; the killing intent coming from the ghost in waves caused Tony to snap his mouth shut and nod his head mechanically, hoping that he won't die today of all day, not now… Tony should have never agreed with Fury to housing Steve, he should have let him rot in the S.H.I.E.L.D.'s holding cells. "Excellent!" Serpentine chirped, the smile returning back to her face as she looked around the room, scrunching her nose at the decor. "Let's go to the kitchen and get some ice cream then." Serpentine send Tony a sharp look ordering him to move his ass fast, which Tony did, not wanting to be killed by a ghost, not now, not when he didn't even reach thirty-six, not when his birthday was nearly two weeks from now.
It made Steve concern, it made him scared that something wrong with his baby, it all started when a month later Peter who was watching Tony Stark AKA Iron Man save the day once again, the inventor had made a place for himself in the pup's heart, Superhero the pup used to squeal happily, then it turned to his hero. May had been with him that day, telling him about her another failure appointment with the doctor, the poor woman and her husband had been trying for a child for years. It all started when they heard a scream from the living room, it made them run to see Peter crying with his nose bleeding heavily, Steve had panicked that day, he had run to his son to stop him from rubbing his nose and smearing the blood everywhere, May had run to her house to bring her car.
Tony has quit his job as Iron Man (Temporary, even if he deny it, but Steve knows better), spending every free time he has with Peter and Steve, refusing for the two to leave his sight even for a second, which was both frustrating and sweet, occurring to Steve that is; occurring to Peter, this was the best thing ever!
Tony waited until he was five months before telling their friends (Being amazed and thankful for his husband's shirt for hiding his small bump) one of the reasons for that was because he was scared that this was a dream; he wanted to make sure that the baby was really here with him before telling everyone. The second reason was that Tony doesn't know how his friends would react to him planning on having another child; trying to adopt Harley after a month of marriage was mind-blowing as it is, what would they say when they knew about Tony being pregnant with another child?
Entering the bedroom, Steve wince at the mess he saw, letting out a tired sigh at the upturned furniture and the clothes and products thrown all across the room; part of Steve was uncomfortable at the sight in front of him, wondering why Bucky would go to such an extent for a mere crush. Steve knew that Bucky's feelings could only be a crush due to the Alpha not going out much and the only outside interaction with an Omega he has was Steve. The Omega was sure that if Bucky went out, he would meet and fall in love with an Omega way better than Steve; an Omega free of baggage and hard decisions, and Omega who doesn't have any child to think of their future.
Such a stupid question, an absurd one if Tony heard any… a question that Tony didn't know how to answer, and regretted not answering; Tony wondered if Rogers turned into a monster because of him, because of the question that went unanswered the day of his death. Tony wondered if he was going to lose his mind, trying desperately to find some kind of logical conclusion to a problem that not even science knew how to solve.
"Sure, if I come it means I can check that sexy ex-military while I am at it, tell me though, is it true that he is taller than your man?" Natasha leaned over and whispered her question, a knowing smug smile taking over her face, causing Steve to laugh and nod his head; Natasha seemed to be in a cheerful mood today, he wonders what happened to cause her to be this happy.
"Don't bring him into this, that's cheating, especially when you know he will agree with you, Steve." Peggy said, lips twitching up in a happy smile as she raises Peter who wanted in the ring, once Peter was inside he rushed toward Tony and jumped into his arms squealing happily when the Omega start kissing his face.
No, no, no, no, no, no! Wake up, wake up, wake up! Steve shriek inside his mind, begging everyone who will hear him, begging the damn stone attached to him to let him wake up, wake up!
"Ma'am, you have five goddammit seconds to leave my fucking property or I am calling the police!" Tony shouted, he couldn't believe that he was actually dealing with Peggy Carter now of all the times, where the fuck was that woman in the past four years? Why now of all time to make an appearance and when Steve was absent too? Was she planning on taking Peter away when Steve wasn't here? Doesn't she know that she is forbidden from being on Peter and Steve's side because of the restraining order? Where was Steve?
"Hello to you too, Dad," Tony said as he took off his scarf and put it on the coffee table, which made Howard raise his head and scowl at his son.
"I did, and came up with several plans to do so; all of them would have ended up perfectly. The thing was; I did not count on you having a child." Steven informed the Alpha leaning on the pillows that helped to keep him seated, his words causing the Alpha to lean back on his chair and give Steven a long look like he was studying the meaning behind Steven's words, which only made the Omega roll his eyes.
"Pete stowy…" He said tiredly making Tony let out a breath at that. So his baby wants to hear his story, Tony nearly laughed at that and broke down crying.
"Tell me, Tony, how far along am I?" Steve asked hoping that the Alpha will answer him, desperately wishing that the Alpha will tell him the answer… but Tony only tense in his place looking like a dear caught in a headlight. Steve's heart gave a bang at that, and tears start streaming down his face at his husband's indirect answer. "It's a girl, just so you know what to tell your father when he asks." Steve breathed out, pulling away from Tony and marching back toward his car, ignoring the Alpha's calls of his name…
"It's so not my fault, Wanda! He came out of nowhere!" The boy said from behind him, and Tony let out a worrying noise, thinking that maybe the two of them are planning something other than this being an innocent bump in. But on another note, it wasn't like Tony didn't have the money needed if those two turned out to be little thieves who pickpocket him in the supermarket.
Rhodey held his tongue because he can clearly see the pain on the Alpha's face, at first when he met the other Alpha two years ago, it took Tony in his suit to stop Rhodey from killing the person that Steve left Tony for breaking his heart, but Tony was trying to get better, trying to get over the Omega and open a new page, and Rhodey decided to do that, decided, to forget, only to be forced to realize that everything he thought about the Omega was wrong. "Well, Mr. Barnes if you want to know, Tony was in fact going to tell you about his plan in time." Rhodey snapped then took a deep breath to calm himself down. "He was going to tell you when the time is right, the first who is to know about the plan was supposed to be Commander Carter, in hope that she will give them a safe passage from Howard to another country, then after a month Tony would call me, then I will come and search for you to tell you about what happened face to face, and give you a letter from the Omega… then after six months, he will call his mother because he is worried that if he told her about his plan than Howard will probably hurt her to get the information he wants… after a year, they will be back, if the two of them wanted to because after a year of marriage Howard can't do anything legally…" Rhodey explained, trying to remember more about the plan but he couldn't remember anything more, it was probably because he tried to forget this foolish plan as soon as Tony came to him one day shaking and looking so pale and heartbroken.
"Steve, why are you here?" Tony's metallic voice stated, and even with the voice modifier, Steve managed to detect the panicking tone taking hold of his lover's voice. It was a few seconds later that Tony stood in front of him, the missiles in his suit pointing at Gamora daughter of Thanos when the woman had the idea of rushing to capture Steve.
Was I satisfied with it? I don't know, maybe not…
His mother's snappish voice made Steve's lips twitch up when it was followed by more grumble of his grandma, Morticia, and Gomez wishing him luck before dragging his grandma away or locking her away, he doesn't know, for he can't hear any noises other than his Ma's grumbling about old hags.
…" Steve purred, causing Tony to let out a dumb 'Huh?' as he gazed at the scariest assassin in the world… just how?
… the woman could only think as she gazed at the man her Steven always sower he would marry one day.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Mr. Rogers?" A nurse called out, nearly causing Tony to jump out of his chair if it wasn't for Steve holding his hand tightly and steadying him. The two of them stood up, following the nurse to the office, Tony's anxiety was increasing by the second and the only thing that held him from running away was Steve's gentle hand on the small of his back as it steer him to their destination.
Even if Stane comes a month later laughing throwing him a newspaper that confirms the deaths of Aunt Peggy, his father, and his mother in an explosion in SI last night, even if Stan throw his mother's lovely necklace that she cherished, even if Stane left him to his storming thoughts and pounding heart…
Oh! The plot thickened!
Tony couldn't believe what his ears heard right now, all these years thinking that Steve left him, thinking that Steve was disgusted by him, all these years... after all these years Tony finally knew the truth, after so much pain and heartache and feeling betrayed, it was all one of Howard's mind games, his Steve was out there, his Steve was struggling for years without Tony, his Omega was pregnant with their pup, a pup… a child that was part of him and Steve… Tony let a sob at that. "JARVIS, search for Steve Rogers, use face recognition if you have, just find him as soon as you can." Tony's voice cracked as he ordered the AI to find the Omega, he needed to find Steve.
When six months mark hit, Tony woke up in the middle of the night screaming his lungs off, shaking, crying, and cursing, he felt something squeezing his heart and refused to let go. That day he went to the hidden stash in the kitchen, he stares at the alcohol bottles, maybe for seconds, maybe minutes, maybe hours. That was until he admits defeat until he took them and start drinking bottle after bottle, he knew that him drinking the alcohol was him admitting his son was truly dead… and Tony hates himself for that…
"About what?" Tony asked, deciding to fuck it and take one of the tubs in front of him, his hand going automatically to the blueberry ice cream tub; so what if Tony got poisoned and died? So what if he didn't get to witness his thirty-sixth birthday? It's not like it matter, at least Tony will be able to run away from the unwanted marriage he was trapped in. Tony opened the ice-cream tub, thanking Serpentine when she gave him a spoon and he started digging in earnest in his ice cream hoping to get poisoned and fast at that.
"I am sorry Mr. Carbonell b-" Steve was cut by the older man laughing which made the Omega scowl at the Alpha when the older man regains control of himself he looked at Steve with amusement in his eyes, it made Steve tense as he saw the glee shining in the man's eyes.
Steve was cleaning the house when he heard the door being knocked on, which made him blink and gaze at the clock that informed him that it has only been two hours since Peter and Tony left, Steve hummed at that as he went to the door, knowing that if it was his baby he would have called him if they were about to return home, so maybe it was Bucky? After all, the man still felt like shit for inserting himself in Steve and Tony's fight, which after Steve cold down told the Alpha not to sweat it and that he was just stressed.
"I'm so sorry Tony." Clint said as he bites his lips and starts backing away slowly. "I am going to go, don't worry about Cooper and Lila, their Godmother is finally back into town and she wanted them with her today… I am really sorry." Clint said getting a nod from Tony who was humming to the pup, trying to calm the sobbing baby down, getting the wanted permission, Clint rushed out of the house leaving Tony and the pup alone.
The first time Steve laid his eyes on the baby after he woke up, he fell in love, and fell hard at that… this was his baby, a tiny human being that was inside of him, a part of him and Anthony… Steve has never been so happy in his life, he now knew the feeling that his mother told him about, Steve couldn't imagine his life without the little baby in it.
It was the first time that Tony was undone in such a way, the first time he was left as a breathless whimpering mess before they even started. Tony never knew that Steve even knows what sex meant, but that was silly of him to think like that, as far as Tony knew, Steve was a three thousand years old being, of course, he would know what sex meant and how to do it, especially when he no doubt saw a lot of people do it over the centuries. Even then Tony didn't realize that Steve would be like this; possessive and gentle, attentive as he gave and took, leaving Tony a mess by the end of their lovemaking.
"Her eyes… why are her eyes are blue?" Tony asked, feeling even more stupid and crazy for repeating the same sentence over and over again as if he was somehow trying to prove that Morgan wasn't his child.
Just like Steven thought, trying to finish a week's worth of work in one day is near impossible, even with the help of his baby who refused to let him work alone with no help, which as much as it was sweet, the Omega knew it was taking a lot from his babe. Working for that arrogant king was tiring and it was mentally draining, and the Omega knew that the king was doing it on purpose, trying to make him back away on his word, waiting for him to quit and condiment his friends' lives to Hel, but Steven will not do that, he will show that arrogant bastard what he was made of.
The wedding was breathtaking, it was beautiful and everything Tony dreamed of. Holding Steve's arms in his, was what grounded Tony and informed him that this was real and that he was marrying the love of his life. Gazing at Steve's eyes as they both repeated their vows made Tony breathless, his heart was like a bird fluttering in his chest as Steve's blue eyes never left his, shining with love and adoration that was mirrored by Tony. When they both said 'I do' Tony felt like a fairy tale coming true, especially when the two of them kissed after Steve put the ring around his ring finger; Tony never felt his breath leaving him as he felt it when Steve gave him that gentle kiss, sealing the deal of them being husband and husband.
The third time he woke up Steve let out a tired whine, trying to calm his heart down so that the doctors wouldn't force him down once more, his head was killing him and his body hurt! Opening his eyes, Steve looked around the place until his eyes fell on someone, the female sitting in the chair reading made Steve pause and for his eyes to widen in shock. It can't be… it really can't, this can't be Peggy Carter, because his best friend died more than 10 years ago in a car accident that took both her and her husband, so this is impossible.
James unlike Petrus, was unafraid as he took everyone in, studying Tyber with a tilted head and furrowed brows; James became as quiet as a mouse as he took the scar running down Tyber's left eye and neck, Tyber always took pride in his scar saying he gain it when he was riding the Hydra king's chamber. James's eyes widen and then narrowed as he raised his hand and pointed at Tyber with a dark frown saying as loudly as he can that Anton was sure the people in the back had heard him. "You are the oathbreaker!" James called out, and Anton wondered if he should laugh out aloud at the spoken truth or hide James and Petrus behind him before Tyber decided to do something. "Mama! The oathbreaker is here, Mama!" James called out loudly, taking one of Petrus's hands in his before James started running in the direction of the queen.
It was always the same; the same with the encouraging posters on the white walls that were painted light greys and blues in the hope of calming the patient. The same lounge that Tony lay on and gazing up at the ceiling while frowning at the cat poster up there wondering how in the seventh hell was the woman able to hang that cliché poster hoping to one day rip it off, how can someone handle seeing that poor kitten without wanting to go up and help it? How does the 'Hang in there, baby' post even give motivation, when all Tony wants, was tearing the poster of that the kitten who was looking as depressed as him, just how?!
"Your marriage is next week, I already arranged everything." That was the first words Tony heard out of Serpentine's mouth not even a day since the downfall of S.H.I.E.L.D., currently Tony was trying (Stress on trying) to eat his sandwich in peace, unfortunately for Tony, part of his sandwich got stuck in his throat and he got busy trying to hack it out to give Serpentine any consent to the new arrangement forced into him, like what? What?! Tony thought he had at least six months of peace before being forced into marriage! Not six days!
Everyone watched in fascination and horror how the Beta pales so much that he resembled a pale sheet of paper. "Did… did Tony knows about this?" Rhodey asked with a shaky voice and he cursed when Pepper nods her head… "Oh, God… this is bad, this is so bad, and Tony is going to kill him." Rhodey hides his mouth behind his hand thinking.
Bucky-doll and the red spider squeaked and hissed at each other, both of them trying to force the other to go and open the door, the action caused Serpentine to roll her eyes; if her Stevie was here, he would have already brought his knife into play, which will convince anyone to say yes. She wondered if that was the reason Steve chose Tony, but that was a question for another time.
As you all know I also published two new stories, the first one called 'A Little Place Called Home' it's a Stony Omega-verse, if you want heartbreak, hurt/comfort, and family feels then this is your story.
The sound stopped halfway through the room, and for a long time, Tony heard nothing, which made him relax.
"Genius, Billionaire, Mother, Philanthropist,
One day the man came to him with a papers and pencils, it was after Steve had told the man he was an artist, and Steve had to admit that his eyes sparkled a little in happiness as the older man gave him the papers, the first thing Steve draw, was the man himself, with his sparkling eyes when he was so consumed in telling his amazing stories, and a smile stretch his lips as he remembered a funny part, the next drawings were about Wakanda and her Black Panther, about the pub in England and how the man loved to go there on the weekends, about Brooklyn in 1956, and so much more, by the end, Steve was left with two papers and a stack of drawings that made Erskine's eyes sparkle with happiness seeing them, he gave them to the older man, who promised him to bring him the envelope and some stamps for the letter Steve wanted to write… that day, Steve wrote his last letter for Anthony, he told the Alpha about the pregnancy and the baby, he also told the Alpha that he wished him well in his life. Steve had already decided to keep the baby, it was the only family he had left, his mother died eight months ago, and his father years before her, the Barnes family were far away from Steve's reach and he didn't have the heart to go and force their hands just because they were family friends, and Bucky… The Alpha was away overseas fighting, Steve didn't want to be the reason that something happened to him just because he wishes for the Alpha to be here and have his back like when the two of them were brats in high school.
