Waiting for another reply, Sherlock reviews the text exchange from his journey.
It shouldn't, but it does.
Twisting the nipple, the images in his head shift. Fragments of his old masturbatory fantasies blend with newer ones of hands travelling further and of the pain from his nipple being the result of a brutally eager mouth. That's all it takes before Sherlock feels that his body is fully responding to the stimulus, blood filling up the erectile tissue in both nipples and genitals simultaneously.
And yet, there’s a respite offered by these particular rituals; and what’s more, the irrationality involved in them might just be something he’s willing to put up with.
John ought to know better. He should have asked about testing and previous experiences and he ought to have mentioned being clean himself before things progressed as far as oral sex. It’s fucking fundamental in terms of sexual relationships. They really need to have that conversation before things go even further, before they end up having--
“No, because he’s also my best friend, that shitty arsehole.”
John actually wants this for his own sake.
John sighs, trying to push down the feeling that her earlier comment had evoked.
Sherlock hadn't been someone who would run away from things. He might not have been exactly confident, but he had a sense of pride, or at least a sense of hiding everything that could be perceived as some kind of weakness. And so he had ran. And while Sherlock wasn’t someone who avoided people just because they disliked him, after that night it had no loger been mere dislike, it'd been disgust, and so he had begun avoiding them. Everyone around him seemed to know that he had imposed himself on Samuel, tried to lure him into his own perversities, and terms like ‘freak’ were no longer whispered, but spoken out loud. And thinking of what happened after that, perhaps they had been right, because Sherlock had only wanted to explain or set things right, but it had ended… worse.
, something that might have the potential to--
Sherlock experience guilt or feelings or worthlessness/serious self-doubt in both the flashbacks from when he was at uni and in the present time. Those feelings could be argued to be "too much" or "inappropriate"; in some cases guilt is appropriate; as when you've hurt someone for real (as in this case, but the way he reasons about himself could be seen as "out of proportion", the way I see it). Sherlock sees himself as "dangerous" to John, has guilt over wanting what he want, guilt over his behavior and guilt over not being able to even push John far away. He feels weak, pathetic and has low thoughts of himself, which can be a consequence of a feeling of worthlessness. He feels worthlessness in many moments in this chapter, both in retrospect and in present. He also describes how John views his anti-anxiety meds, which also would indicate a feeling of self-loathe, at least in the situation. John's thoughts on how things were after Afghanistan in the previous chapter is also in many ways depressive.
(He can’t very well come up with something more in the line of his earlier admissions to John, and making admissions of intent has so far been the only way he’s provoked a moment where--)
“The ones you mentioned. The effects of trauma. The way you reevaluate things. And the hypervigilance, the troubles sleeping…”
It’s not a more potent stimulus.
Now, it’s time to finally determine if quitting Clomipramine has helped restore his cognitive abilities.
(That being said, this is probably still not the healthiest of ways to fall into a relationship...)
(See the end of the chapter for
. He can’t see much at the moment, but he saw the six - and X is not a particularly good letter either.
It’s been a week since they woke up hungover and starving in the dingy little hotel where the unfortunate late night conversation had taken place. Neither of them had brought it up since then, and things were slowly returning to their version of ‘normal’, discounting a few awkward silences and a decrease in the numbers of accidental touches between them.
A bit of intermezzo in-between the miscommunication and the kink.
It’s so painfully perfect (
Using the word ‘gay’ about himself - at least saying it out loud - is not a possibility that Sherlock had even considered prior to that hazy, unfortunate night at the inn a few weeks ago. Defining something that has no real impact on his life seems pointless, and giving other people anything even remotely personal to use against him had always seemed like a downright absurd idea.
“Run!” John gasps, struggling to hold his grip on Jim Moriarty long enough for Sherlock to escape.
, clearly.)
“Will you ever respect that some choices are mine to make and that you don’t dictate the all of the terms and impose them on me? Will you ever let go of your megalomania long enough to do that?”
Lowered inhibitions and a tendency towards his borderline obsessive focus getting… unfortunately stuck on one point of interest, disabling him from even noticing that he’s sinking deeper into whatever it is that has completely overtaken his entire attention.
It’s hateful, in a way.
“So that’s a no?”
my shadow left trapped underneath
Sherlock is twelve when he takes the book from the child psychiatrist’s office.
“Who I am is not determined by anything but what I’m capable of and what I chose to do with that capability. What remains after that is only residual waste.”
The definitions of what conflicts can cause a cognitive dissonance seems to differ a bit between professionals, but I choose to use the widest definitions, allowing feelings as well as beliefs, ideas and values. There’s surely more dissonances in this chapter, and better wordings than in my short examples above, so feel free to add anything I’ve missed, if you like, because I rather adore new data in these topics.
His pulse is still too rapid and his chest feels far too constrictive for the pounding in his chest. Neither the pain nor the sudden burst of movement seem to account for such ridiculous levels of activation of his sympathetic nervous system.
Sherlock doesn’t believe in revelations -
Executive dysfunction in this chapter:
He doesn't feel heavy like this.
John takes a breath, trying to come up with anything that he can do to move this ahead, but the man in front of him is making it so hard to think, to find a natural way to progress, to--
“Fine,” John sighs, and passes behind Sherlock's chair to reach the counter and turn the kettle on once again, moving the dirty pile of knives a bit further from the edge of the counter kitchen counter next to the sink while he waits for the kettle to boil.
“Sensation seeker?” John echoes. “You really expect me to believe that anything that concerns you is that simple and straightforward?”
“Headboard. Grab the headboard.”
Mycroft is occupying an armchair in one of the few rooms of the club where conversation is allowed. He looks up from the sleek laptop perched on his knees as the door opens.
...going to be such a mess to clean up. And he knows from experience that if someone is going to clean up a mess, it will inevitably be John himself. The only one in the cab who actually holds his tongue about all the thoughts inside his head like a responsible adult. Therefore, he's sentenced to do just what responsible adults do: taking the consequences of others lack of impulse control.
. Beat.
“Infatuation causes a chemical imbalance in the brain,” Sherlock says, deliberately slow, “not the other way around. Love isn’t
“What have you done this time?” John repeats, voice a bit softer this time -
There’s so much self-destructive behavior in this fic that I could probably write an essay; but I’ll settle for this for now.
(7) chronic feelings of emptiness
Sherlock ignores John’s comment, because that is what he does when John complains about any of the ‘un-fucking-believable’ things Sherlock ‘puts him through’, and strangely, this seems to be just another one of those.
It's completely and utterly absurd.
(Every other notion is a sign of either pathetic romanticism or pathological codependency.)
“I'm sorry, my mistake,” John says, clearly attempting to sound serious for Sherlock’s benefit, and Sherlock might scowl, but there’s no edge to it, because poorly concealed amusement is not the worst possible outcome.
After that, the mere idea how Sherlock hadn't been consciously aware of this part of John’s identity almost every single moment they spent together seemed downright laughable.
The first thing that registers is the panic.
“This one might actually be something of relevance.”
--and instead of rejection, Sherlock gets another mouthful of John, a firmer hand on his scapula, pressing them closer, until this is no longer kissing, but something decidedly more…
After a few minutes Selma's engaged in a conversation - or rather a monologue - on the impact of music on the brain, a subject that makes her shine like a lightbulb whenever she brings it up. It's fascinating, but John isn’t paying it much attention, something Selma must notice but doesn’t mention, and John was thankful for the sound of her voice. It served as some sort of distraction and kept him - at least in part - from drifting off too far in his thoughts. It was important to keep some thoughts at a distance. They brought up too much… nothingness. And that was his one fear; the nothingness. A vacuum shouldn’t be able to produce feelings; feelings came from something, not from nothing. Still, John found the vacuum that sometimes settled inside of him to be one of the most insistent producers of corrosive feelings.
All the colors are muted, the drugs taking the edge off most of what’s happening inside his brain; his obsessions, his perceptions, his coordination and also his ability to think. Sophia is a vague intimation of dark blue, pale yellow and ocher moving in front of him, and for a moment, he forgets what it was that he needed her to tell him.
Sacrifices are to be made.
24 pills - which is the exact number - in 72 hours means two pills every sixth hour. Reasonable dosage, really. Sherlock can’t, however, say this. ‘Reasonable dosage’ is something that John’s not likely to believe he’s capable of when it comes to narcotics.
They assume. It's a dangerous thing to do, because you can only assume things based on what you know, and most people know so disturbingly little.
“You’re ashamed.”
“Tell them about how you sneaked away from patrol that time in Afghanistan,” Selma prompts, and John instantly regrets telling her that story.
In the bathroom, washing the semen off his hands and the mix of tears and saliva off his face, John acknowledges one simple truth.
John looks up at him, surprised. The orange is glowing more intensely, pulsing in a way that Sherlock has never seen anyone’s colors do before. It should not be important.
It shouldn't register as erotic, the notion of John admiring the effects of his own ability to make Sherlock twist in his grip.
Over 50% of those with OCD experience “just right” obsessions or compulsions. Those with “just right” OCD symptoms are likely to have:
The answer hits Sherlock at the same time as he looks over to John, who is pointedly looking away from him, because that’s what John does when he knows that if he even looks at Sherlock when being this furious, he’ll explode, and right now John refuses to do so, because at the moment, John refuses to be upset with Sherlock, because he won’t allow himself to be after what---
“Shit happens.”
“So, ehm, I guess that's something that we should talk about, then.”
Sherlock won’t. He thinks he might never be, but there’s no point getting into that.
“Does anyone else know what Leonard knows about you?”
“And most people are tedious.”
As long as Sherlock is not looking he will remain unaware of what John is currently radiating. Until he opens his eyes he won't know if the colours still pulse or if it they’ve slowed down to a steady, languid rhythm the way their both of their heart rates have done by now.
no. That's not it. John's still close enough to cause proximity blur and the world did keep on turning after Judgement Day.)
(He should get out of here before he acts on a compulsion to do something about the pressure that’s building up behind his sternum, forcing his fingers to twitch and making him fight the urge to--)
(I promise that possible future notes won't be this long.)
“What's so funny?” Victor asks as he sees Sherlock's grin.
Sherlock turns his head away, but John sees the moment his face turns into a grimace, and John doesn’t quite understand what’s happening or what it is that causes his admittedly mental but usually somewhat more collected boyfriend to get like this, but whatever it is, John isn’t the one who’s most unsettled by it.
“Oh, good, I suppose,” shrugs John, putting away butter and milk in the fridge.
- to…
“I only managed to extract what they said, couldn’t get time or date.. But it was in one of the last conversations Sophia had.”
“And by ‘context’ you mean...?”
(One hundred pills ought to be enough for now.)
- one.
The Work.
A nod from John, and Sherlock rubs his hand against his own newly-shaven chin as John resumes his Sudoku game on his phone. Sherlock's wondering what another hand would feel like against that part of his body.
illogical.)
Sherlock doesn’t even know why he keeps talking. This is more than ‘a bit not good’ and this could actually make things uncomfortable for John in a way Sherlock has no wish to subject him to. But the words seem to form themselves, and it's almost cathartic; this is bound to happen sooner or later anyway. Speeding up the process will only make the strain go away sooner, and then he can do what he knows is ineluctable; take the humiliation and the guilt and deal with them. And he will no longer be in a position where he risks harming John, and that's perhaps the most significant factor. The distress his words might cause John now is less then than the distress staying with Sherlock in some kind of blind, pathetic hope that Sherlock is not who he actually is would inevitably prove to be. And while he hates the possibility that he’d cause John discomfort by these words, there is a certain satisfaction in saying them out loud instead of keeping them locked inside his own head, where they’ve swirled and repeated themselves ever since that first kiss. Now they’re be out of his head, out in the open, and he can move on. John can move on. As long as there's no chance that John will refuse to see him for who he really is, they’ll both be better off.
- as soon as John realises that he’s not in Afghanistan, but in his small, tidy bedroom with his laptop on his bedside table, the light diode flashing every few seconds.
Allowing only a few - three - slow, cautious strokes, Sherlock proceeds to extract lubricant and a dildo from his night table, letting them rest on the covers next to him as he gets his pyjama bottoms and pants off, leaving a pile on the floor, out of sight.
“You made the correct conclusion when you deduced that I am not suffering from depression.”
“Don't flatter yourself, John. Being gay is not the same thing as being desperate to be fucked by anything with a penis and a pulse.”
[ ] M = Maybe
“At first I thought you weren't interested in anything sexual. But then it became clear, thanks to your friend the dominatrix, that you can be. And that's what I don't understand. Why you would deny yourself-- You've never been one to withhold from anything you find… stimulating.”
John finally breathes after what might have been the longest cohesive exposition he’d held for months, at least on topics other than public transport or hypochondriac patients. He must have been awake for quite some time putting together arguments and insults in a way Sherlock knows that he usually does before he delivers his stated opinion on matters that might be uncomfortable for everyone involved. Usually these opinions aren’t about Sherlock, because John is rather comfortable with grumbling with him whenever he sees a reason. They usually involve authorities, co workers (other than Sherlock) or that one incompetent bank employee that John finds unbearable enough to report to the manager, after the way he’d treated a woman in the line before John a few months ago. But today, Sherlock’s the topic of John’s exposition, and he doesn’t know if he ought to feel special or degraded by this fact.
“Don’t think it was boredom, though. He seemed to watch all of us like he was trying to understand what kind of… I don’t know, like he was trying to read in between the lines, or something.”
It’s not the whole truth, and Sherlock knows this, even if he doesn’t know what constitutes the rest of the truth. The possibilities are plentiful; pity, reluctance towards acts that challenges John’s perception of his own sexuality, misplaced caution regarding Sherlock’s state of mind, lack of sexual attraction, fear of intimacy, the potential threat of another
Biting back the rest, John averts his gaze from Sherlock - or rather Sherlock’s right hand, which is objectively quite badly bruised and swollen by now - for a few seconds before apparently trusting himself to speak again.
He stepped into the role of a dragon slayer, and he slew the dragon. The rest of it, the outcome, is out of his control now.
“You’re telling me not to say what we both know because it’ll make you furious?” Sherlock raises his eyebrows, looking down at his shorter friend in a way that can't be described as anything but ‘slightly condescending’.
His body gradually adjusts to his upright position as he makes his way towards the bathroom, and he briefly acknowledges the fortunate inhibiting effects of too much Oxazepam on the phenomenon of nocturnal penile tumescence -
“Someone who’s wondering if you can find out if their grandmother was unfaithful when she went missing for a few hours at a county fair. In 1954.”
As the taxi takes a sharp bend, Sherlock blinks his eyes open at  the same moment a text alert beeps from the pocket of his coat.
“Nah, I think the dove meat theory is more intriguing to her. Something to theorize about as she goes by the kebab stand every day.”
Somehow, what he feels is anger.
A shiver, but not out of anticipation.
Sherlock nods.
Sherlock approaches this the way he approaches anything he fails to understand - by reading.
John’s face is on his shoulder, more or less, and so Sherlock can't see what's--
Sherlock could protest, could push the issue, because he needs an answer as to
“Quitting psychotropic drugs has certain physiological side-effects, some of which can be quite incapacitating for a short period of time until the brain reestablishes its previous uptake of the affected neurotransmitters,” he says, voice matter-of-fact, distanced.
The pressure rises further as John walks to the door on the right side of the cab and Sherlock automatically heads for the left side -
Another kind of challenge, just begging Sherlock to take the bait so that John can finally explode, finally tell Sherlock just how wrong this all is.
He tries to take deep breaths, keeping enough oxygen in his bloodstream to prevent the physiological manifestations of panic. This is all just a chemical reaction to increased reuptake of serotonin. His brain will adjust in somewhere between two weeks and one year, based on an average from the studies he’s read. Two weeks would be preferable.
“Socially radical?” John asks, brow furrowed.
"Dependent. Empty. Useless. Broken. Inadequate."
“Are we done?” Sherlock asks, suddenly impatient, glancing down at John where he sits with his hands wrapped around his empty coffee cup.
Sherlock looked away from Molly's open face and focused on the fire. Belonged to John?
"So, Sherlock," John ventured, curious and still a little concerned about the night before, "did you sleep OK last night?"
"Sherlock, is your eye bothering you at all today?"
John thought it over. He could see now why Sherlock was feeling a bit unsettled. It wounded him, though, the guilt in Sherlock's voice. That he didn't understand how genuinely good he was, how worthy of love.
So that's what John wanted, then.
. It had to be four.
He needs to find a pattern -
He's long suspected that he might have conditioned himself to a degree where the pain from the clamps alone would be enough, even without sexual fantasies or touches, to provoke a sexual reaction.
John is silent for a second, but he’s stopped in his tracks well before reaching the kitchen, and he’s turning his head to look at Sherlock. His face is inscrutable and his colours weak and pale.
(Needs not to think--)
It's almost quiet in his mind.
. He wouldn’t make any kind of… No, he wouldn’t. John wills himself to relax. Of course Sherlock wouldn’t display any kind of… togetherness. Still, John feels his pulse speed up with an irrational fear that something will give them away, will give him away. It feels like the way they talk to each other or the way Sherlock acts like John is some kind of possession that he can pick up and place wherever he wants, when ever he wants to, will somehow give away the fact that John Watson is not a typical bloke who happens to be living with a madman, but a bloke who engages in an unhealthy, casual and very sexual relationship with said madman. It shouldn’t make him ashamed, but it still does.
neuroanatomical anomaly.)
His left foot slides an inch on the railing. Beneath him, the stream is loud enough to drown out the thrumming of his heart, sweat breaking out all over his body. For a moment, everything sways before Sherlock manages to regain his balance, the surge in his stomach making shivers run through him at the sight of the water below.
With a slight nod, Sherlock proceeds into the hallway, continuing to hold John’s gaze until it’s no longer possible, and a heartbeat later, he hears the door close behind them.
“A partner touching me affectionately without asking first”
It was on a pavement similar to this that Sherlock found the finch, and he remembers thinking that, if you have to fly into a window and die, it's doubly unfortunate for it to happen in such a dull place.
It tickles at first, but then the pressure become more insistent, and the tongue -
Sherlock could tell her that she really hasn’t answered his question, and that she can stick her superiority and her patronising insinuations where the sun doesn’t shine, but he doesn’t, because he can’t really come up with anything that sounds any less childish than his initial question.
Two individuals controlling their breathing while pretending this is not vulnerability.
John will feel reassured by the fact that Sherlock ingests tea, and that’s just what Sherlock needs, since Lestrade has been inquiring about a case that the Met might need his assistance on if they can’t solve it before tomorrow.
There’s a sense of intoxication, being this close to something that could be that…
He won’t lose what he and John had by pushing this. What they had -
Sherlock abides by the laws of logic, not morality, but if there was such a thing as being ‘good’ (or, in Sherlock’s head; being ‘Just Right’), then John was good.
John gets to his feet and looks at the book Sherlock's holding open to where the stump of a page is all there's left.
). Sherlock ignores him, as is his habit. Sherlock’s wrapped and then rewrapped in his cocoon of sheets -
John glances over the top of his paper. There’s a wrinkle between his eyebrows and his eyes are slightly crinkled -
Fingers. His scalp feels like it's being pinched by a hundred acupuncture needles as the hair in his nape is lifted when John's fingers card through it.
“I just told you why,” Sherlock snaps impatiently.
Focus.)
he types out and quickly sends to John, before he has time to change his mind.
As the cab pulls over to the side of the road and Sherlock, for once, pays the driver, John gets out, grabbing his key and unlocking the front door. Half a minute later, he can hear Sherlock’s steps on the staircase, can watch his friend take off his coat and head straight for his violin.
First, he reads up on the current research, and perhaps he can be excused for getting a bit side-tracked considering the state of - or rather the complete lack of - studies on the long-term effects of antidepressants on cognition and neurodevelopment. By morning, Sherlock has dispatched several emails to different authorities and institutes regarding the appalling lack of research in psychiatry compared to other medical fields (although part of him still twinges at calling psychiatry a ‘medical field’, given said lack of research and given his old habit of throwing the lack of reliable evidence, by way of an insult, in the face of each and every mental health professional he’d been forced to interact with).
Molly looked surprised by the question. "Others? No, there are no others. He is... unique."
He pulled his hand away, resisting the urge to chuckle at Sherlock's slight whine of disappointment.
John felt a twang of affection and sympathy for the younger man. Sherlock certainly had a mysterious and perhaps troubling past that he preferred to keep private. "You don't have to talk to me about it, Sherlock, but I think it might help."
, John bottomed out and paused. He opened his eyes and stared deep into Sherlock's. John was a rather experienced man, but he had never experienced anything quite like this before. He felt completely connected and he wanted to stay like this. There was no urge to rush forward, to finally be given the permission to thrust, to race towards the obvious conclusion. Just like this, here, with Sherlock, John was satisfied.
Sherlock nodded in agreement and they repeated the motion for the third time. Sherlock followed John's hand with a grip on his forearm, the entire action taking less than a few seconds.
"Alright. Good." Sherlock was still blinking, he seemed to be coming back to himself. He released his grip on John's hand and forearm and shuffled back up to a sitting position.
in people, when I always saw the bad. He liked walking the city with me. The pubs and the back alleys and the parks. Everywhere we went, we met new people. That's when I started establishing the homeless network. I spent so much time with Victor and among people."
In the pre-dawn darkness of the third morning, Sherlock was woken from his bed where he had been staying beneath a makeshift lean-to with several of the elder ladies. Molly, Nikau cradled at her breast, led Sherlock along the beach to the point east of the village where the offerings to Wh'an were left. Sherlock wore the short kapa cloth kilt-like garment around his waist that was customary for the men. He carried with him his bundle of scientific notebooks, now filled with words and phrases of the Island People's language. In the first hints of morning twilight, he could see a canoe at the water's edge. It was large with one long outrigger, similar or identical to the craft he had arrived in.
John clenched his jaw. The caring side of John was gnawing at him to address this.
"It's alright, John, you don't have to run away."
Remember me to a lass who lives there,
"Here, wash your hands," John instructed, leaving Sherlock there and heading up to his room to grab the saline eye drops that he used when his eyes got dry in the winter. When he returned, Sherlock was standing awkwardly in the middle of the kitchen, holding the dishtowel in his hands. "Come here," John said motioning back to the couch. John laid down exactly where Sherlock had just been and relaxed against the pillows.
"Interesting," Sherlock finally responded as he returned to his meal. "I suppose that explains the kitchen chairs in the sitting room."
When John woke the next morning, he was alone. He went downstairs to find out that, despite it still being early, Sherlock had already gone out. It wasn't unusual for the detective to go out early in the morning because he preferred the commuter-crowded streets and tube stations for interacting with members of the homeless network. He had a talent for blending in with crowds, when he wanted to.
"You speak their language?"
The tranquility of the evening was interrupted by a sudden, violent burst of motion from the waves. A deep rumbling noise accompanied John's massive form as it lunged from the water, seizing Sherlock roughly around the waste and neck with his strong tentacles and abruptly snatching him into the sea. Sherlock let out a surprised shout and tried to hold the notebook high so that it would not get wet, but angry-red colored tentacles had wrapped tight around both his wrists, pulling his arms down to his sides and plunging the precious notebook, still clutched in Sherlock's hand, into the sea. Sherlock was fully immobilized, submerged to his neck, held firm with his head back against John's chest so that he could not see the creature's face. Sherlock struggled in vain as Octopoda pulled him farther out into the lagoon, moving so fast that they cast a wake in their path.
Sherlock sat contentedly in John's arms for several more minutes, his head resting on John's shoulder. As the first rays of the rising sun streaked the sky, Sherlock pushed back so he could see John's silver-rimmed octopod eyes in the twilight. There was so much he wanted to talk about with John, so much he wanted to tell him. Quietly, with no reservation, he spoke the phrases in John's language as he had learned them from Molly.
The two men lay quietly in the dark, the silence was heavy between them.
The journey down the hill was certainly quicker, but no less strenuous, and by the time Sherlock reached the sea, his feet were sore and his hips, knees, and ankles were aching. He removed his sailcloth shoes, being careful to save the used ropes and sailcloth, but discarding the worn leaves. He was proud of the design as his feet had been protected remarkably well. In the dwindling daylight, he rested briefly before continuing down the beach towards his home, full notebook in hand. He walked where the warm ocean waves could lap at his weary feet. He searched the water once or twice for signs of John but he saw none. Perhaps John would be back at their beach when he returned, but perhaps Sherlock would spend the night by himself for the first time. He tried not to worry, but is was difficult, and he was lost in thought as he walked along.
"Sherlock, you are a good man. You've made a career of helping people. Of saving people. You've saved me. Whatever malice, or anger at the world, that made Booker decide to kill those people, you don't have it and you never will. I know you, Sherlock, I know you're not a sociopath."
After a few minutes, Sherlock spoke. "Alright. I'm better now."
*****
John waited another minute or two, then rose from the coffee table and held his hand out for Sherlock. The detective sat up slowly and took the offered hand, then stood hesitantly from the couch. John gently led him into the kitchen to stand in front of the sink.
"How many drops?" Sherlock asked.
"Do you think Victor would have seen the
"Can't sleep?" John asked.
The night passed quietly. The good doctor / blogger was at his desk in the sitting room, typing up the details of the case for his blog while the events of the past few days were still fresh in his mind. He glanced at the computer clock, 10:30 PM.
But Molly never arrived in Australia. The merchant sailing ship was rocked by a great shock and caught fire in the night. She had been hurried into a lifeboat but was thrown from it in the melee. As she was swept farther away from the blazing ship, yelling in vain for aid, she had been certain she would drown. Instead, she was saved as Sherlock had been: stolen from death by the tentacles of a mighty sea beast. However, whereas Sherlock had woken to find himself alone, Molly was left on the shores of the Islander's village. She was received with great welcome and jubilation and soon took a husband, had 3 children, and found happiness among them.
..." He wasn't sure exactly what he was referring to: being in bed, the snuggling, or the erection, or maybe all of it.
"Again?" John asked. "No drops."
A few moments ticked by before Sherlock glanced up at him, briefly making eye contact before quickly returning his attention back to the view through the dissecting scope. John had noticed it though, the white of Sherlock right eye was not so white. Red vessels stood out against the pinkened cornea.
Out on the street, John ran down the sidewalk to catch up with his flatmate, shouting his name, but getting no response.
"Have you been a sleepwalker before?" John asked.
"Sherlock?" he asked, somewhat surprised, as he sat up in bed.
"You don't... mind?"
"Can you try, for me? What if I help you?"
William Sherlock Scott Holmes is 24 years old and he lives a simple life on a small island in the western tropical Pacific Ocean. Every day he rises from his plain bed of grass mats before the sun breaches the horizon. In the dim light of the early morning, when the sky is cast in serene blue and the coming day holds endless possibilities, he marks his notebook to count the days, now 47, since this new life began.
"Yes, John," Sherlock gasped, "yes to
"Yes. I'd rather not talk about it."
John locked eyes with his flatmate. Sherlock sat still, the journal forgotten in his lap. A few moments passed without any response. Finally, Sherlock shook his head.
When they are not swimming together or sharing a meal, the unlikely pair simply sit together on the beach. John rests with his octopod parts in the sea while Sherlock rests on the dry sand. As one might expect of an octopod, John is a very tactile creature, relying first and foremost on his sense of touch. When they sit together, John will occasionally reach out with a tentacle to touch at Sherlock's hands or face, demonstrating the importance of touch in his abilities to assess the human's condition.
John pulled the duvet up over both of them and snuggled deeper into the pillows. The warmth from Sherlock's body was comforting and he was relieved his flatmate's nighttime crisis seemed to have passed. He would lie here for just a few minutes, just long enough to make sure Sherlock was asleep.
certainly were. Sherlock searched John's face, trying to gauge his response. An unsettled expression crossed John's features, and his gaze shifted away, then back, to Sherlock. It was not a look of disgust or offense, but one of... contrition?
John reached down and grabbed the spare blanket off the foot of the bed. He folded it into a makeshift pillow for himself and snuggled back down behind Sherlock and tried to arrange himself in the unusual position.
How would one soothe a child in such a state of distress? He was hugging, rocking, whispering, trying his best to make him feel loved and safe.
John startled awake to the sound of the door to 221B closing. It hadn't slammed, but his military doctor instincts were tuned well enough that the out-of-place sound of the latch clicking back into place had roused him from sleep. He listened as Sherlock's footsteps descended the stairs. The door to the street opened, then closed. John climbed out of bed and padded over to the window, hoisting it open and putting his head out into the damp and cold night air.
Sherlock to relax. He pressed in with one finger, just past the double ring of muscle and stilled. Sherlock gasped at the intrusion.
Suddenly, Sherlock understood.
It was Sunday morning, going past 8 o'clock, and John was just opening his eyes to the subdued sunlight filtering past the curtains of his bedroom window upstairs at Baker Street. Despite usually being an early riser, he had worked the past 5 days in a row at the clinic and he was ready for a few days off and a little extra rest.
(In fact, it's one of the aspects where reality might differ from his own fantasies - in his fantasies, everything is immediate.)
John’s face goes through so many expressions in a matter of seconds; anger, shock, arousal,
“I don’t want you to… I don’t want us to do this, not anymore. You don’t have to, it’s idiotic.”
. False balance is worse than unbalance, because the scales will always find a way to level out. False balance is for those who can’t face the reality of an imbalanced, impaired mind.
“And what will you do to let me know when you don't want it, or if you'd like me to stop anything?”
It's just an idea, after all.
For now, he’s alright.
• reassurance-seeking (i.e., comparing notes with others, to determine whether their sense of something being ‘off’ is valid)
. Sherlock is inferior to Mycroft in intelligence, self-control and chemical balance, but he will always have this one, simple advantage.
It’s not a question, or at least it’s not phrased as one, and so Sherlock doesn’t bother answering.
It's been three months. Three months, and while they'll now share both Sherlock's bed and have confessed to certain mutual affections, they are yet to put what they are to each other into words.
Minutes ago, things were as they’d used to be. Sherlock, high on having been right, pointing out all the obvious patterns, John’s
Looking sharply at John, seeing the pieces of two entirely different puzzles begin to align, Sherlock can’t help grinning.
It would disable him to find out if his brain functioned better without it.
(A minefield, this. It began when Sherlock first refused to tell John what he'd done to himself that had left him trying to evacuate his guts into the toilet. A constant vibration under his skin. A shift between them.)
They're stroking lazily along Sherlock's tendons, up to the base of his skull and down to the notch of his first thoracic vertebrae.
There’s one of Mrs Hudson’s blankets hidden halfway under the sofa, so he pulls it over him, initially shivering as the cold woollen fibres shift against his skin.
Sherlock nods, hardly moving, but John must see it, must see what his words have reduced him to, because he stays silent as he leaves the room.
“Relationships are messy.”
Sherlock takes three pills, chewing them for faster release, and when he gets to the hotel (137 steps -
(http://the-toast.net/2015/05/22/code-words-for-gay-in-classic-films/)
“Yes, you texted me that information last night.”
John sounds genuinely surprised as he voices the question, and Sherlock feels a sting of something not unlike anger, because there’s are answers right here: it’s in the few feet that separates their narrow twin beds and in the way John had looked at that space as soon as they'd entered the room two hours earlier.
“You're not a sociopath, or a freak,” John insists with his jaw stubbornly sticking out, ignoring Sherlock's rhetorical question.
All John can hear is the sound of ragged breathing. Theirs. Together.
Within the days of his initial deduction, Sherlock managed to deduce that Gabriel must have been with his current boyfriend for at least two years, that said boyfriend was most likely a borderline hoarder, insisting on saving anything that could possibly become ‘useful’ one day, that they had a romantic sex life utterly free of any kinks and that they regularly went to look at cars together, but never managed to agree on which one to get.
[   ]  = Maybe
Sherlock averts his eyes to the laptop screen, withdraws his hand from John's thigh, placing it on the keyboard where it should have been all along. John’s breathing seems to have paused.
“I've made up my mind.”
“Either you’re losing your marbles or you’ve managed to get yourself spectacularly high, and I’m very interested to know which one it is, Sherlock,” John says, gritting his teeth and hoping for the former rather than the latter, given what he’s managed to piece together about Sherlock’s life before Oxford during the six months they’ve known each other.
(See the end of the chapter for
It's something he'll not risk. Too many minefields on the way.
It’s been a long time coming, but in the light of what he’s feeling right now, John recognises that he can no longer deny that he might be experiencing some rather paradoxical reactions of his own.
“I-- was not aware of doing... all that,” John offers slowly, apparently still processing all the words that Sherlock just flung his way.
He needs to hold himself together. It's a fine line, but prescription medications for a symptom he actually has should not be crossing the line, not even where John is concerned.
It’s the one complication that Sherlock’s been spared. Simultaneously a relief and yet another proof that he’s more malfunctioning machine than vulnerable human. It had seemed fitting.
And for John, the same pattern apply. He doesn't seem to panic - he even falls asleep. In the beginning of what later turned into sex, John is worried about being able to do this, but during and after, he finds himself surprised that he not only manages to do it - he actually thrives a bit on it this time.
Seconds of soothing touches, fingers combing through tousled curls and--
“We’ll go somewhere more private. We can talk there,” she says, and she's a shadow of the old, constantly smiling Sophia in the pictures. Sherlock follows her through the almost empty streets of windswept Edinburgh, squinting to keep the drops of water from his eyes.
*author whistles innocently as she reviews her 18 pages worth of sex scene*
to the woman before he too almost manages to collide with her on his way towards the cab.
“Oh, you secretive man,” Matthew says with a laugh. “Any other exciting secrets we ought to know about?”
(Would it be any different if--?)
“I'm not talking about the case here.”
A hair style can be suddenly and loudly be declared  to be ‘gay’ and a certain kind of gesture will make you ‘look like a faggot’ in the eyes of a group of teenagers, and even if Sherlock himself was never part of any group or circle of friends, the slurs and implications were impossible even for anyone, even an outsider like himself, to miss. To him, these categorisations had seemed entirely random, but he had nonetheless picked up on them, carefully avoiding to accidentally do anything that might give him away.
“You have questions," Sherlock says, then corrects himself. "
John sighs. Tired. Exasperated.
Dry, clinical, inconsequential.
He’d suspected it; hadn’t held his breath hoping for a different answer.
True that.
Answer to current item - Sherlock
John breaks their eye contact, clearly struggling to reorder the words in his mind before finding any that would do. Sherlock continues, John’s reaction being no worse than he’d anticipated.
Usually, he would just go through the pattern of a thought and then put it away, but this time he can’t. This is a new one, and he hates the new ones. They are always more intense and overwhelming than the older ones, since he’s yet to figure out the pattern he needs in order to deal with them. The draw in his stomach increases, and he can’t tell what’s the nausea and what’s the consequence of not being able to put away the thought. It just hangs there in the air now, tipping the balance more and more the longer it lingers there.
An act. Method acting, an aquired skill.
The thought of the edge of a table pressed into his ribs and how panic and fury had made him lose control, the way his stomach had felt as John made his little ‘observations’ about how hands were far more ‘personal’, the feeling of almost losing himself in the shifting intensities of pain from said hands, the thought of the cool air against his skin as John left the kitchen afterwards and the sensation of being almost-empty as the almost-quiet dissipated minutes later.
The question being; if the goal is pair bonding, which means will prove most efficient?
It takes effort -
“What I want to do to you? Can't you deduce that?”
Sherlock attempts to make his gaze as steady as his posture as he shakes his head, uncertain of what exactly he's negating with this gesture. There seems to be more than one meaning to the words, judging by the way John utters them and the way the arterial red is becoming more and more prominent before him.
(Involuntary verbal admissions as a reaction to physiological stimulation -
Slowly, firmly. A glans moving over lips where saliva has just dried, spreading another wetness over them. John watching as Sherlock begins to open his mouth to take John’s cock, and he pulls Sherlock’s head back before Sherlock has a chance to do so, looking steadily at him before allowing Sherlock’s head back to where it had been, resuming to drag his cock over Sherlock's lips.
And as John gives in to exhaustion, letting his forehead come down to rest against Sherlock's shoulder for a few breaths before gathering the strength to take a step back, to allow their eyes to meet, that's what he'll remember as the only truly shocking thing in all of this.
“That’s quite enough, Sherlock.”
Amusement.
John finally lets both his hands resume their positions on Sherlock’s hips, holding him firmly and probably bruising his skin as John thrusts into him.
It’s almost blinding, the pulsing red that exploded in the room as John spoke his final words. The teal tiles are discolored by the red glow, and the intensity of it is yet another proof that this is when it must happen -
. Impossible to ignore, but the external counteraction of them might be possible to postpone. This is working - he's finally working - back to 'sharp' and 'brilliant', back to a situation in which he's not impaired, back to normalcy - and this isn't the time to disrupt it all by being compulsive.
Being aware of a bias unfortunately does nothing to cancel out the effect of said bias.
Sherlock doesn’t answer. The question is irrational, but holds an annoying amount of truth. But no; the cube hasn’t offended him, the impairment of own fragile mind has. And he would rather be offended by an inanimate object than his own brain, even if being offended by an object per se would mean that his mind was failing in perception and interpretation of his senses. Unfortunately, he does frequently feel offended by objects; their shape, their nuances or the colors they radiate.
John seems temporarily taken aback, his lips slowing down while he attempts to formulate an answer.
“Oh,” he just says, slowly and knowingly, letting Sherlock understand just how much John’s observed in this moment.
Sherlock flinches as he feels the sudden vibration beside him on the mattress.
The eye contact finally breaks as John moves closer, leaning over him, and everything is suddenly proximity blur and breath.
John’s mouth is close enough for lips to grace skin, John’s body a solid living pressure behind him, the door a static lifeless pressure before him.
When he hears the door to the flat close behind John, Sherlock counts to three taps with his toes, then turns his head, eyeing him.
, never clearly defined or easily categorised.
Charming. Clearly, that’s all the answer he’s going to get from his manipulative, malpracticing so-called psychiatrist, and he should get moving, should go in and--
) that's already had far too much influence over him, skewing his perceptions in an unacceptable way.
Being brought out of that one sharp point of single-minded focus always feels like something akin to being washed over by a wave of cold water, his mind shattering into five different lines of thoughts again.
When ignoring one thing, focus tends to drift to other things. Sherlock finds himself listening to the sound of the rain on the windows, the constant smattering against the glass making any life that goes on outside their windows seem muted all of a sudden. The sound of the rain does, however, lend a certain feeling of normalcy to this sudden perturbation of their usual patterns.
- must have been lost months ago. As the unexpected, comfortable ‘warmth’ between them was slowly, gradually infiltrated by...anticipation-
He shakes his head, passing Sherlock on his way out of the kitchen.
He'll head back home, and John will already be there, his shift over and the leftovers in the fridge ready for the microwave.
It's something close to ‘restraint’. Why?
It isn't that Sherlock thinks about death constantly.
“Schampo. Make it two bottles while you're at it.”
The realisation that they weren’t did nothing to improve matters.
(It has been three days and far too many shifts at the A&E, John seemingly too tired to even consider anything remotely sexual, and Sherlock growing increasingly bored, and now, finally--)
Mycroft tilts his head thoughtfully, and after a moment he seems to accept the need for directness.
John, whose face is not as relaxed and loose as it would normally be after a few pints. Instead, there’s something focused about him - no; his head his held a bit higher in that way that makes his jaw slightly more pronounced and there’s a strength in his posture that speaks more of… control.
“Open,” John says, still breathless after his orgasm, but there’s something very much intent in his voice.
(This is exhausting.
In the meantime, he will need to resume his use of functional patterns -
Several, he soon gathered. Starting with not being deterred by people’s warnings about Sherlock, nor accepting Mycroft’s offer about money that very first night.
His lips are still tingling. Sense memory -
Still; does failing on one account make for an excuse to not even try on the other? Sherlock needs an obsession - John’s not a distraction, though touching him might be - and Sherlock knows that John secretly revels in being at the centre of Sherlock’s attention, so maybe it’d be to their mutual benefit, not just to fill up his own mind, his own senses and--
From now on, trigger warnings for intrusive thoughts which might be of a violent or otherwise disturbing nature may apply, as do trigger warnings for depressive thoughts/behavior.
Based on the follwing item of
“Sherlock,” John says, words coming out in a punctuated manner that speaks volumes about John’s discomfort, “there are some things which I should not have to explain to you. Even when it comes to how bloody wrong all of this is.”
John is a contradiction and an impossibility and right now, John is alive and still here and looking at Sherlock with a hint of disbelief in his smile, but there’s no sign of pity.
“I see.”
(Attempting research now would only result in failure, because his mind is overflowing with
“Look at me, you stubborn git,” John insists, irritation and determination mixed in his voice, out of keeping with the colors that entered Sherlock's field of vision as John stepped closer. The purple has a core of red-green.
the data seems inconclusive, and
- looks like he’s just awaiting final confirmation of something before he can throw himself into a fight. Sherlock tries not to think about John’s proximity or the fact that something is vibrating inside him, making it almost impossible not to tap his foot just to relieve some pressure.
The same arterial red that flashes at the inside of Sherlock’s eyelids as the cab makes a right turn.
(It would have been too simple if it had only been about the physical aspects.)
John looks at him, and Sherlock considers whether or not what he’s already given will suffice.
People admire his skill at seeing patterns that no one else notices. There’s a significant difference, though, between seeing what no one else notices and seeing what isn’t even there. There's nothing 'amazing' about seeing patterns that don't exist.
Doing this to a woman John would have licked and stimulated her breasts or clit while circling his fingers around her anus, distracting her from the slight discomfort of the initial penetration of his fingers. With Sherlock it’s different. John can’t face Sherlock while doing this to him, not yet. Still he knows that the lack of contact will be distressing to Sherlock - for reasons still unknown - and he can’t stand the thought of the way Sherlock looks almost confused when that happens, trying to swallow his reactions but failing. So after John has slid his hand down Sherlock’s spine (more firmly than he normally would, because this is Sherlock and Sherlock for some reason needs that) he lies down on his side, pressing against Sherlock’s side as he presses his finger into him without any further preparation. Sherlock jerks a bit at that, so John lets his other hand grip hard on the only part of Sherlock that he can reach from this position, which happens to be his upper arm.
Somehow, he highly doubts it is.
There are crumbs on the carpet. Every nerve ending in the soles of Sherlock’s feet sends sensory information to his brain; the filter that usually sorts out at least part of the superfluous information was burnt away by the grey skies the day the silver birds reappeared.
Next to him, there’s John, and Sherlock regards him out of the corner of his eye.
Moans; more muffled and ambiguous than before. A slight decrease in tension around John’s cock after just a few seconds of stroking and pulling on Sherlock’s cock.
“I thought women were not… ‘your area’?”
“Well, yeah, he’s usually a rude git, but this was a bit more arsehole than usual. Not sure what got him in that mood, though.”
As he steps on the threshold to the bathroom, Sherlock’s expects to find himself scratching at his own chest to be able to breathe, expects an intense craving for the (questionable) release offered by the blue pills in John’s long-forgotten pill bottle, expects his hands to be shaking with the need for anything to dull out the pressure that has been been building up ever since John slumped down on top of him, sated and unsteady, leaving Sherlock with nothing but the silence of the room and the sound of their joint breaths.
“Some kind of app or program that allows for communication, but won’t leave much evidence behind. Hopefully they didn’t use privnote, as I hope to recover some of it.”
Nothing’s changed, for what he had tried to do, what he found himself almost compulsively grasping for in the backseat of the cab, was never fundamental to what they are - whatever
- mixed with cold grey -
Sherlock knows there are nuances, but it's one of those things he’s never quite managed to learn how to differentiate between.
, he thinks, knowing damn well that no one is going to do anything to help him with his current-- situation tonight.
It’s two pills and two hours later that John walks past Sherlock - sitting in his chair trying to solve a case via email and finding it less than efficient as a distraction - and lets his finger slide up Sherlock’s neck.
“Oh, come on, it’s nothing that’s not legally provided to the psychologically impaired,” Sherlock snarls, regretting his words even before they’re out.
Item on the checklist that’s illustrated; “
It’s time to stop postponing the inevitable.
Sherlock flinches slightly as John’s lips first make contact with his neck. The fingers in Sherlock’s hair tightens and lips become teeth and tongue against warm skin. John’s other hand finds Sherlock’s hip, his thumb pressing into the dip of the iliac crest, stroking firmly, his other fingers pressing into the muscle on the other side of the hipbone. Sherlock’s breathing picks up and John’s hands keep alternating the pressure, keeping the sensations unpredictable, because Sherlock’s likes unpredictable things, and John… John likes this.
At least that’s something that’s still working, and some patterns that are cooperative and useful.
While the in-betweens are somewhat less bothersome these days, they are nonetheless still a recurrent phenomenon.
This particular tech is one of the few on the force that seems to think that Sherlock's reputation as both a freak and a sociopath is exaggerated, and who is therefore  willing to argue with him.
The look of disbelief on Mycroft’s face makes up for Sherlock having had to disclose the fact that taking himself off the Oxazepam and Alprazolam had been unpleasant for all involved.
And John says it like it's not Earth-shattering, like it might be safe -
The pressure and the tightness. John presses his mouth against Sherlock’s shoulder blade, first licking, then kissing. The sound Sherlock is trying hard not to let out makes John want to force more sounds out of him. Biting into the soft skin covering the scapula, John is rewarded with a hitch of breath and a moan. Hoping that it will be distraction enough, John pushes his finger deeper in.
“No I’m not
Sherlock wasn’t someone who ignored clear evidence. Therefore, he made the decision not to ever attempt closer acquaintance with anyone again after what happened with Samuel. It was at rehab this decision had formed, after things had gotten… worse. There was no other word for it. ‘Worse’ seemed to be the only accurate term, because he lacked the ability to describe what had actually happened before he ended up in rehab. Once the decision was made, life became easier. He could not change what had happened, but he could do the only logical thing; make sure that he would never be close enough to someone to become that infective or that out of control again. It was the only logical solution.
A psychiatric side-note; It should be mentioned that what Sherlock experiences with the tapping, the pressure and what he perceives as external compulsions isn't quite that easily categorised. At this point, I'd say that it's a mix of compulsions (which is something you do to reduce the discomfort of an obsessive thought), a stim (a behaviour which is self-calming/self-stimulating regardless, but in this case it might be prompted by an obsession) and a tic (an involuntary movement or gesture that you feel a pressure/urge to perform). I just want to clarify that some of what Sherlock regards as part of his OCD might have a different - or mixed - origin, which is only natural, given the high rate of comorbidity between the thing he never let anyone diagnose, OCD and other neurodiversities, and nothing in this story should therefore be regarded as purely symptoms of his OCD (which in this story doesn't manifest itself in any of the more common ways, but that's covered in another A/N, so let's get on with the story…).
(It wasn’t so hard, after all.)
(And Sherlock suddenly knows that he wants to have it all - to have both: cases and…
It is not a pleasant thing to have one’s insides inspected too closely, Sherlock has come to realise. Most of the things that he sees in himself as the hours turn into days are petty, useless and downright absurd. There’s nothing brilliant about his mind, not when he is unable to do something useful with it.
…- had revealed a discrepancy that needs to be addressed.
” he says, looking up at Sherlock. “But I can’t honestly say that any of the rest of what you said made much sense to me.”
Trying to find an answer, John fell silent. He found himself thinking about the vacuum, about how far he had already gone - so many times - in order to escape it. It was fear of something that could - would - destroy him. Not the fear of getting a knife in his throat or a lethal dose injected during a kidnapping. It was fear of something well-known, something almost worse than dying. What would he do to avoid it? What wouldn’t he do to avoid it?
Sherlock is quick to catch on, and for once, he lets someone else's silence affect his behavior. Sherlock waiting for John instead of leaving without a word, and doing it more than once, is a nice change, but John finds that in this case, Sherlock’s vague gestures are not sufficient. After all, is Sherlock even capable of feeling remorse?
A tingling moves along Sherlock's neck, making him repress a shiver.
An entire chapter on Sherlock considering his own reactions and possibilities while standing by a bathroom sink.
John finds the prospect of discussing sexual preferences with Sherlock to be about as pleasant as having one's molars removed, except there's no shame or embarrassment in having one's teeth pulled out.
want to?” Sherlock retorts.
Working his finger in and out without allowing the muscles to fully adjust, the sensation only increases. As the second finger breaches the opening, his movements are fully synchronised with his mental images.
The strain in John’s voice.
The front door slams hard enough to startle Sherlock out of  what must have been a shallow sleep.
. There’s a distinct smell of cleaning aids and a slight trace of old rubbish in the air, which is frowsy and feels heavy. It’s something that he perceives as pressuring about the quality of the air, but Sherlock knows that no one else will notice it. The frowsy smell and the tightly packed air make his stomach remember that it’s still upset and he struggles not to let his face give away any discomfort. The whole abandoned coffee shop is a blend of the grey, sharp light coming through the huge windows to the street and the dim shadows where the light can’t reach. The electricity seems to be turned off, so no soft yellow light makes up for the harshness of the daylight -
John went to Sherlock's room, retrieved the small box with the drops inside, and stopped by the bathroom to wash his hands. He grabbed a tissue and returned to sit on the coffee table facing Sherlock where he lay on the couch.
"Breakfast, yet?" John asked as the kettle boiled and he set about making them both tea.
John groaned and leaned in to nibble at Sherlock's ear lobe. "I want to taste you," he whispered in Sherlock's ear, then began kissing a trail down his neck, descending lower and lower towards the prize.
Sherlock reached the confluence of the stream with the sea and donned his leaf and sailcloth shoes. He searched the shallow waters for signs of John one last time, and seeing none, he began his journey up the streambed.
"I can't know. But... no... I suppose not."
John picked up the antibiotic eye drops from the table next to him and held the bottle up for Sherlock to see. "See, the cap is still on. Can I hold it above your eye for a second? I won't touch and then I'll take it away."
John let go of Sherlock's cock, using his right hand to slick his own length with the remaining lube. He pulled his fingers from Sherlock and crawled back up over Sherlock's chest, bracketing the younger man's shoulders between his hands as he leaned over him. John looked into his eyes then lowered himself for another kiss as he lined the head of his cock up with Sherlock's hole.
Spoiler alert for those of you who don't read the tags: the next chapter contains sex. It does nothing more for the plot. If you came here to read a fluffy story about John, Sherlock, and sleepwalking, you can stop here knowing they are happy and safe together.
Sherlock was already crossing the room. "Because you're lonely and you had a nightmare," he replied as he tossed the covers aside and climbed in next to John. "Besides, I can't sleep in my bed because there's a porcupine in it," Sherlock added as he wiggled down into the bed, unceremoniously shoving John back towards the wall with his back.
There was a quiet knock at his door.
Sherlock gave a non-committal hum, he was clearly engrossed in his experiment.
At last Sherlock emerged from the cave and began the careful journey down the slippery slopes of the great hill. The winds and rain were gone and the hot sun beat down, causing great waves of moisture to rise from the dampened landscape. The devastation of the forest was modest, but when they arrived at the village, he was taken aback to see that most of the houses and all but the largest veranda had been washed out to sea. The people were not deterred. They worked steadily clearing away the sand and flotsam, salvaging materials, and harvesting palm branches from the upland forests.
“In what way do you--” John begins impatiently, grimly, before breaking off, his eyes widening just a fraction. “Are you saying that that’s why you didn’t notice when those blokes-- Oh, shit.”
From the floor below, clearly now: footsteps. Several pairs of them.
“Only because the opposite of what Mycroft thinks is often a good place to start.”
(It would have been so much easier if it had been like the previous times. The proximity and the fading light and the touching and--)
Death is inevitable. That's all there is to it. A clock ticking for every one of us until it stops.
. Vital to emotional bonding. Sherlock's recent observations led him to the preliminary conclusion that emotional bonding was almost exclusively a result of emotional proximity due to verbal sharing, but in a few fragments of
He will have to begin by making sure not to just lock the two of them in the morgue and simply let them continue their mutual disarming of each other. It's tempting, though, and John figures that he too should be allowed to act on his impulses every now and then.
and I stand silent next to you
A muffled sound coming from John’s side seems to surprise both men. Sherlock’s eyes flicker up, noticing Selma barely containing a giggle while trying to make it look like cough.
“Damn, it’s freezing,” John mutters to no one in particular, breaking the silence before allowing it to settle once again.
- In this story, Sherlock is experiencing that his tendency to see people ‘radiate colours’ is increasing. The whole idea about ‘seeing colours’ in this story is based on the neurological condition known as synesthesia, which is defined as “a perceptual phenomenon in which stimulation of one sensory or cognitive pathway leads to automatic, involuntary experiences in a second sensory or cognitive pathway.” (Wikipedia). One of the most frequent manifestations of this is seeing individual letters or numbers as if they are in a certain color (that is constant for whenever you see that number or letter). The variation of synesthesia that Sherlock experiences here is something I’ve never seen or heard described, but I then Sherlock could of course never do anything by the book, and I also found that it added to his other sensory experiences in this, as well as became his way of interpreting other people's’ moods or at least his experiences of said people. The specific colours that people and moods are provoking in him are shamelessly based on what colours I relate to (not as experience visually as Sherlock does) different moods or people.
There’s no time to navigate them into another room or for figuring out practicalities. It's too urgent, all at once.
(Which he is, in a way, but John doesn't have to be made quite so aware of that fact. In time, perhaps John will be in charge. That thought isn't without appeal.)
John doesn’t smile, he only keeps looking intensely at Sherlock, like he’s trying to put the pieces together.
John says it lightly, part serious, part joke. The last few months he’s used that tone of voice more often, as if giving Sherlock any serious-sounding suggestion would be to expose himself to ridicule that couldn’t be joked away so easily. Perhaps he has a point.
“I-- I needed to solve it. It’s the first one. Since-- After I quit the--”
“Very observant of you. I would never have guessed that you had such a keen interest in fine clothing, given the state of your own wardrobe,” Sherlock simply states, waiting for the kettle to boil while his heart beats just a fraction faster.
something tells him, but he pushes the thought aside because he should not occupy himself with thinking about what he can’t have.
(There's nothing particularly…
… and Sherlock
Wrong track. It’ll be a dead end, and anyway Sherlock prefers to derail conversations.
Borderline criteria in this chapter;
John memorises his words.
Sherlock's doing it.
(Better than being him.)
It’s not tears. It just tastes salty in his mouth as he rests his head against the cheap tiles of the bathroom floor.
“I am not in a mood,” Sherlock objects, standing on tiptoes to see if there’s any clean mug on the top shelf, or if they’re all in the sink, unwashed.
[   ]  = Maybe
“I can own up to being a freak. Nothing new under the sun, isn’t that what they say? Now; what I don’t understand is this; you find what I desire to be ‘wrong’, yet you yourself don’t really want it ‘vanilla’, do you? Not with me.”
as you conduct all the light until it no longer blinds.
“Oh, for goodness sake, just get on with it!” Sherlock snaps. “We both know why you called me here.”
This is what I like to call "indulgent wanking".
“Oh?”
Sherlock draws his legs up just a bit, hiding an erection that is seemingly not going to be put to use.
I think that while it’s true that there are some motivations that are similar between Sherlock’s self-harm and Sherlock’s desire for pain in a sexual context, that is because he will always look for things to drown out the noise in his mind and he will always be intrigued by strong sensory input, but I very much believe that that are the only really strong connections between these two behaviours. And there’s one important distinction; the aim of his self-harm was to try to regain some control, while the aim of painplay is to lose it. He’s contradictory, but I also believe that these two things truly don’t register as the least bit alike to him, except for the neurochemical response.
the scene in front of me overexposed
If one has to die, one should at least avoid doing so like a finch crashing into a window, unable to see what is right in front of it, before falling to the pavement on a dull side-street. There are better ways, and better reasons, and Sherlock refuses to see this notion as sentimental, because a person is, after all, a sum of actions and their consequences.
“The morgue, there’s a corpse that might be interesting to a cold case that I looked into a few months ago.”
Sherlock leans his head to the side, exposing more of his neck to John, but John doesn’t take the hint. Instead, he stretches and groans a bit as he lifts himself off of Sherlock, pushing himself up to a sitting position.
It's only after they step into the lift that'll take them to Lestrade's office that John eyes him, all pale green and a faint pulsing orange. There's no purple to be seen, and John's look is quizzical beneath furrowed brows.
“What about… anything sexual?”
From now on, John will simply have to lock the bathroom door regardless of what he’s doing in there, because fuck it; regardless of what people might imply, they are not some kind of married couple that’s been together for twenty years.
In hindsight, drugs might not be the best way to make life bearable even if you don’t plan on living all that long.
Selma is sitting on the floor, resting against the wall, completely focused on whatever it is that she's doing on her phone. It takes a few seconds before she averts her eyes from the screen and looks up at John. He feels his mood drop even further; he does not want to talk to anyone right now, least of all the person who’s just witnessed most of the humiliating exchange in the morgue. Fortunately, Selma doesn’t speak, just regards him thoughtfully, making no attempt to get up or gather her stuff.
In the silence that falls between them, Sherlock can hear the sounds of both their breaths as they mingle and entangle until it’s almost impossible to determine which breathing is his own and which isn’t. It’s distracting, just like the tension that currently seems to be residing within the few inches of air that’s separating them.
Things have always been odd, and could hardly get more odd, but John’s not going to point that out.
Coming home, John finds that the evening is turning out to be even worse than he’d predicted. Sherlock is not only moody, frustrated and bored; he’s also attempting to be civil about it. The result is frighteningly out of character and rather disturbing.
“But you said…”
“I need your expertise to be able to determine whether the wound on his left leg was treated under less than ideal circumstances, implying that he might have been treated in a country with less developed health care or a military hospital,” Sherlock announces and looks as if he expects John to just grab his jacket and follow him out that very instant.
like with shallow focus - a wide open lens
(See the end of the chapter for
Standing in front of the mirror in the en suite, Sherlock is either being brave or simply trying to rationalize his weakness away. The discrepancy between the two options is unsettling, but the outcome will probably be the same no matter the reason behind the action, he decides, too tired to battle the noise inside his head. It’s been eight days since The Decision and something needs to be done. He’s losing time in more ways than one at this point and measures need to be taken in an attempt at damage control.
. Three light taps of his hands to the side of his thigh. A pitifully small relief.)
On the other side of the wall, John is bumping the toaster against the microwave as he wipes the kitchen counter. Normal sounds. Not the silence of an empty flat.
There’s fingers kneading his nipple and there’s a sting of pain through his body. Sherlock can’t suppress the sounds this evokes, but they drown in the wet cavity of John’s mouth anyway. John lets go of his nipple and the pressure on his body eases, his mouth is once again empty and his eyes flutter open.
From now on, those things might have another kind of subtext for John, and it's absurd, but it's also the way the human mind works.
When Sherlock doesn’t offer any reply, John looks up, and it seems to take him a moment to connect the sudden sound of the coffee grinder on the shop counter behind them with Sherlock’s silence. Once the din finally stops, Sherlock taps his toes inside his shoes to rid himself of the lingering discomfort, considering John’s question.
John leans back just so, allowing them to see each other without the filter of proximity blur - no; allowing John to see the digits on the microwave, the ones Sherlock registered 4.5 seconds earlier.
“He seemed to imply that you were… you know."
There's an expression on John's face just before he pulls Sherlock's trousers down. An expression that Sherlock can't quite read, but although it reminds him of determination, it still doesn't look anything like the determination he saw earlier on John's face.
John whimpers at the thought, feeling the pressure building up inside of him, and he gasps, or at least his body attempts to, but since his mouth is full he ends up gagging instead, his eyes tearing up as he tries to breathe through his nose. Getting his breathing and his rhythm back, John thinks that it’s too much, all of this.
“Oh, I don't fret about it. Just get over whatever stupid moral objections you have towards subjecting me to pain and degradation and get on with it,” Sherlock says without looking up from his phone.
(It goes to prove just how tired this all has made him - attempting to apply logic to something that has always defied it. He needs to stick to the palpable things - pulse, breathing, the lactic acid in his thighs.)
Intellect over biology.
As always, pennypaperbrain makes my Swinglish (Swedish-English) words into real English ones, and also makes me reflect on the maelstrom of words that my texts consist of, making them clearer.
Too much.
John's voice doesn't sound all that demanding - he knows he probably won’t get an answer.
Sherlock reacts instantly to the shift in John's voice - from teasing to downright… suggestive. There's a flutter in Sherlock's eyelids, and John can almost see how surprise gives way to anticipation.
It shouldn’t matter, because whatever the answer, it wouldn’t change anything about the present situation, and the present situation is what he needs to deal with.
“Would you mind… perhaps expanding a bit? Take it slow, because you know everyone’s an idiot.”
Sherlock should take better care of himself, his father would say, but then his parents are miles and miles away and do not have to endure Sherlock's poor sleeping habits or his steadily increasing smoking habit. It's no longer their immediate problem that their youngest son dives into his newest interest with an energy that seems boundless, learning how to fence only to excel at it in record time, before spending the next three weeks hardly leaving his room, his brain too useless to see through the greyness that was waiting for him around the corner as soon as he reached his goal.
(At the age of ten, Sherlock found this phenomenon fascinating. Twenty-two years later, he finds it…
The knuckles on Sherlock’s sternum alternates in pressure, allowing Sherlock brief respite in-between the overwhelming sensations that scourge through his body with every turn and twist of John’s hand. A few deeper breaths and a partial, quick unclenching of muscles before it surges through him again and it’s too much, too intense and Sherlock won’t be able to withhold a more vocal response much longer.
“Ah, yes. Your little case. You've been making progress.”
Filthy, breathless,
Sherlock can feel his cock stir slightly. In the mirror, it still looks mostly flaccid where it rests against the dark brown patch of pubes, surrounded by the coarse hair.
“I don’t think you really want to do
Sherlock crosses his arms and regards his brother for a moment before he answers perfunctorily, “I don’t.”
Three taps with his left hand on the counter before three steps are taken across the floor, one tap with his hand against his thigh so the sum doesn’t add up to six. Sherlock’s chest is five inches from John’s, and their lungs expand and contract almost in tandem, Sherlock’s breathing only marginally faster than John’s.
“John,” Sherlock says, ignoring both questions. “You’re needed.”
It’s not like they’d been his drug of choice, but suddenly Sherlock finds that he’s got no choices left to make for himself.
John slowly nods, only half-heartedly trying to hide his ‘yeah, poor genius’ face, but Sherlock’s past caring about that just now.
It's an instinctive kind of panic, the sort that makes you fight for your life no matter what you might think of said life.
There'd already been far too many anomalies in the way he functioned, in the way he behaved, so many things that had made it far too easy for the people around him to disregard him, despite the fact that he was their superior in almost every way that mattered, in almost every way that had any kind of practical implications in areas beyond schoolyard hierarchy and meaningless social interactions.
And as two soaking fingertips invade his mouth, pressing inside and pulling slightly back before pushing further, Sherlock meets John’s eyes, then quickly averts his own gaze, already too exposed and too raw.
It's a strangely satisfying thought, being able to simply do so.
John’s eyes go wide, and then he’s preparing to retreat, looking steadily at Sherlock but clearly about to step back from the entire situation.
, as he would think of it only in these situations, his vocabulary always shifting when he considers himself as a sexual being, as an object - fingertips running down the side of it, the other hand still pinching his left mammalia.
(See the end of the chapter for
“So basically, you won’t acknowledge it as a science, but you’re happy to make use of it anyway?”
- that line, revealing just how what a fine balance it would be if this were to-- if they were to--
Yes. Definitely tugging. Curls teased between fingers, hands fisting loosely, pulling away from his scalp and--
A chime. Vibrations of a very palpable kind emerging from his dressing gown pocket.
It’s not close to what Sherlock wants, to what he’d offered John to do, and it angers him to think that John might consider this some kind of compromise - a bleak substitute of things that Sherlock is yet to experience with anyone but himself.
(He hadn't seen this coming, but his body is prepared and his mind is overruled by his body, and for once that knowledge isn't hateful, because his body knows this -
Selma radiates impatient excitement at the thought, and John finds himself smiling, because he’s noticed how Selma’s eyes follow his every move, asking him questions about how he decides on which brand of suture to use and how tight the stitches should be to leave the least scarring. She’s never told him about wanting to learn how to do it herself before, but then Selma mostly wants to learn everything, so it comes as no surprise.
Anxiety is just a chemical reaction, albeit a surprisingly potent one, Sherlock concludes, absently running his finger over the crescent indentions in the soft skin of his palms while the vertigo finally recedes.
As he steps into the flat he doesn’t bother to shrug off his coat, because he’s not staying.
There's no obvious tension to be felt in Sherlock's muscles, he knows, but that does not mean that he's relaxed. On the contrary; Sherlock is hyper aware of any minute shift in movement or intention that might occur in the hand touching him, knowing that the fingers that are currently providing a pressure that is just shy of painfully light and ticklish could shift into inducing sharp pain any given moment.
John believed Sherlock had been referring to anxiety when Sherlock had told him about being eleven years old, about it being the first time his life fractured. On some level, Sherlock finds that it's almost not a lie, more of a partial omission of the truth.
is pathetic.
As they manage to climb back over the fence and are once more surrounded by the deep, unlit woods  with just the faint light from the cloud-covered moon to guide them, they're both grinning, if not acknowledging it.
John nods, his chin tilted upwards, and Sherlock knows what that expression means, because he does pick up on these things, even if he can’t always decipher them correctly.
Phone still in hand, Sherlock passes the woman in the driver's seat a few notes and walks slowly towards the door that has now closed behind John.
A simple truth that makes the lingering trepidation over sex with Sherlock dissolve even further.
It’s so very close now, and John hopes that Sherlock’s body’s gotten used to the stretch by now, because he is no longer willing to hold back on slamming into Sherlock with force. The sound of their bodies colliding is amazing - the way Sherlock’s body takes the impact of the thrust is gorgeous.
With his voice now mostly muffled by John’s skin, Sherlock sighs and continues.
If his pubic hair were to be slightly less spread out, the overall impression of his naked body would be more well put together, Sherlock gathers.
(For more notes on Borderline PD in this 'verse, see chapter 5 of A Study in Floodgates)
Medicinal, in a sense.
Interesting
(Sherlock radiates no colours of his own, but would it be possible for him to be stained by someone else's shades as they leak out into the synapse gap between their bodies?)
Sherlock almost raises his eyebrows, but holds back any gesture or comment, pressure increasing as he refrains from pointing out the obvious flaw in John's conclusion.
- so he settles for not attempting to imagine that they are, only brushing his own nipple absently, thinking of what he would like to do to John.
Well, he’ll just have to show her that he doesn’t doubt her ability to be professional. It's what he does; he stands silent and watches the whirlwinds around him receive some harsh blows from the people around them, never agreeing and always silently offering his ‘amazing’ or ‘that’s great’ to them a few moments later, pretending nothing's happened, all in order to save their pride just a bit.
“You're uncomfortable with the fact that you like hurting me, as this is not something you've ever done or wanted to do before, at least not consciously, and it doesn't fit your mental image of who you are. Trust me, it fits you very well from an outside point of view. You like giving people what they need, and this is what I need. You also have latent dominant tendencies which you have only ever allowed yourself to express, in appropriate ways, during your military career, but which you otherwise try to repress, seeing as you don't want to be ‘that kind of bloke’, especially when it comes to women. I bet a few of your lady friends would have been intrigued, but you'd hated it, because it would have reminded you of your uncle. I, on the other hand, am - and I quote - ‘an arrogant arse’, and am not likely to agree to anything I don't really want, and the ‘arrogant arse’ part does make it all the sweeter, doesn't it? To answer your question; since you're not comfortable with what you want, it's not a very difficult deduction that you find my inclinations to be abnormal just like you find your own interest in the activities to be so.”
Sherlock had hoped that it would have been a one-off. But hope is something dry and clinical, and that’s what this ought to be as well.
Sherlock is aware that he might lack practical data concerning standard reactions during physical proximity, but he is very skilled at reading body language.
- looks like he’s waiting for an explanation of what caused him to stop in the middle of the street, staring at the sky. Sherlock meets his friend’s gaze while he’s taking off his gloves and getting his phone out, but pretends that he hasn’t noticed John’s unspoken question. There’s still a pressure behind his sternum and a creeping feeling tingling in his lower arms, but there’s nothing to be done about it now.
His penis is still not fully engorged, his fingers finding their way under his pyjama pants, just resting over it, feeling how the erectile tissue gradually swells until the soft skin is fully stretched out underneath his hand.
For the first time in his life, he finds it.
(Is it still “dating” when you already share lives?)
As his hair grows increasingly tousled and wispy from John’s hands, Sherlock contemplates the only thing not boring about this; the obvious and rather fascinating dissonance between what Sherlock had thought what John would want out of this and what John actually decided to start with.
Sherlock’s been balancing on railings for his entire life. It’s never felt quite like this.
The fingers on the back of his neck tightens, but it's nowhere near painful. The sense of force behind the action, however, is quite intriguing.
Another note on social reciprocity;
A minute later, one of the many things Sherlock cannot have gives up a sigh, shifts uncomfortably and then returns back to his room.
Shame isn’t something that Sherlock is particularly prone to, but when he thinks about the fact that he’s getting hard - that he gets so violently turned on - by the same part of John that makes John himself stifle his sobs in the early morning hours, Sherlock knows that it’s shame that burns in his face.
(These kind of things take some getting used to, and neither of them know how to adapt to things that aren't dangerous, absurd or all-consuming. Then again, perhaps this could prove to be all of these things. Or it could end before it got a chance to become anything but absurd. It's a difficult distinction.)
“I… hm,” John begins, his voice sounding a bit like there’s something in his throat.
In the freezing air outside, Sherlock seems to regain some of his coordination and manages to walk almost without John’s support until they reach a bench as far away from the party as they can get without actually leaving the area.
. Something like it.
Sherlock recalls that he never did get around to informing John about the outcome of his and Helena’s…
He admires her methods, and the leather feels like a whispered promise against his skin before it all becomes too hazy to make out.
Mrs Hudson has brought them both tea, and while Sherlock ignores his cup, Mycroft has almost emptied his before Mrs Hudson descends to her own flat after having cleared the table for them. Mycroft has been attempting to be pleasant, which means that he’s got something up his sleeve that he will doubtless enjoy deriding Sherlock for. Sherlock has so far offered him nothing but silence, but his patience is running out as Mycroft once again reaches for the cup.
I like to include this quote instead of one from Wikipedia, as I really agree to Marsha’s view on this;
The touch is light, causing a real and very somatic sensation of vibration, and Sherlock can’t stop the compulsive tic that he knows will make the vibrations in his skin go away. There are too many compulsions queuing in his mind to stop this one from escaping his control, and suddenly his hand is rubbing firmly against the point where their thighs brushed, replacing the tingling on his skin with something more palpable.
. Sherlock had known, of course, it had been written in every sparse movement of the man who unwillingly had let himself be dragged down to the lab at Bart’s. That John himself had seen it for what it was was a surprise, though.
“No, I sold them on the streets for milk money,” he snarls, then bites his lip. “Of course I took them!”
“OK, seems they called him ‘Lot’ and he had trouble sorting his documents to get treatment at a place called the Rushfordshire Clinic. Otherwise, there’s not much about him.’
“So, ehm. You don't do relationships?”
John gives a barely visible shrug and continues to walk into the kitchen. A hint of artery red has appeared, but it’s not the kind that Sherlock would see when they were… about to do something sexual. No, this, Sherlock has learned, is anger.
Standing there naked in front of the silver-framed mirror beside his wardrobe, freshly out of the shower, Sherlock is a blend of all those things -
Logical.
The words are uncomfortable, his throat unused to talking after more than 27 hours of silence. Sherlock doesn’t want to look at Mycroft, but looking away would be a display of weakness. He doesn’t need to display any more weakness than he is already doing; naked, unshaven, trembling and with his nerves having apparently migrated to the outside of his body.
It's sensation seeking, or it's self-discovering. At times it's testing the limits. It's trying out if we've discarded something we might actually enjoy.
“Do make sure to pick up the pills my dear brother administered to the wall of his room; I’d hate to see Mrs Hudson find something that might interact negatively with her ‘soothers’. Sherlock didn’t seem to find these soothing in the least, I’m afraid.”
(John can't quite imagine what it would be like if Sherlock were to ever do such a thing. While John's had more than his fair share of sexual encounters, he's seldom been with anyone so single-mindedly… ‘submissive’? Now that his own sense of guilt has been somewhat eased, John is starting to see that everything about Sherlock’s behaviour in sexual situations, apart from those very first uncoordinated and too hard kisses, have  been pretty blatant when it comes to this one thing. To imagine Sherlock being decisive and forceful when they're close-- no; John finds that he can't quite picture that.)
Missed this. There will be more.
They stay like that for several minutes, and the urgency to grind, the need for friction, is slowly becoming easier to control.
logic
Sherlock can’t take another step, but he can’t stay still either. People are beginning to bump into him. He’s obstructing their irrational paths and their normal lives and their senseless routines. He disrupts.
“The way she spoke about him. Not the way you speak about someone who’s tried to tell you that you are losing your grip on reality and ought to seek medical attention from the NHS; especially not if you’re having paranoid delusions.”
John snorts, but it's a far cry from his usual bickering face, his shoulders tense and the past few days of increased psychosomatic pain taking its toll.
“Do they know?” Sherlock asks.
. Just until his brain readjusts fully after the tricyclic antidepressants. Just until he finds another escape from everything that's making him…
Now; Self-medication, part I. Trigger warnings for substance abuse (past time) and possibly (depends on how you read it) uncomfortable sexual content.
Yet some decidedly non-physical things do.
The problem is in itself a cause for distress. Reviewing his own reactions to John during the last 20 hours Sherlock can observe tendencies that would indicate certain physical and emotional responses consistent with a very specific sentiment.
“Right, let me just finish my beer, okay?” John says to Sherlock, raising his glass.
Breathing in, breathing out. It’s only words, and there are things Sherlock knows that he can’t have.
“Then go,” Sherlock manages, his ragged breathing still making it difficult to talk and the taste of acid making every syllable sting.
Sherlock will not ask her his actual question. It’s something he’ll need to figure out for himself, he realises when he can’t even make himself write the words.
Performing a faked nonchalance that he knows John will see through, displaying something troubling but true beneath, pretending that he is oblivious to John seeing through him. It's a strange act, in which highlighting the truth is the objective rather than obscuring it. And yet.
- should not be focusing on.
“That’s so exciting, John!” Eva says, rising to her feet with the empty glass in her hand. “I need one more of these, can I get you anything, Sherlock?”
In the brief pause that follows, Sherlock becomes aware of his own fingers, their light tapping against his trousered thigh, and forces them into stillness. His toes continue the rhythmic movements instead.
They will need to talk about this some day soon, really talk about the limits of what they do and not just conclude things without any explanation or discussion, but John finds that he can’t really be arsed to think about it at this very moment.
No one listens to him and if they do, they fail to understand him anyway.
Being stretched hastily, the eagerness of someone being more than ready to get off. A mouth - not his own hand - on his cock, distracting him from the discomfort, but not fully. Words uttered in between swallowing him down. Filthy, hungry.
“Oh.”
“Didn't want to make you uncomfortable,” Sherlock admits, not sure what compelled him into being quite so honest.
Working memory -
The pressure isn’t gone, but it’s declining, and instead of finally allowing himself to act upon the need to ease it, Sherlock takes three hesitant steps until he’s faced with the bathroom mirror.
Compensation was defined in the A/N on the previous chapter, but I’d like to add some to that definition in this chapter.
Things like this don’t happen to him.
It’s hateful, finding himself incapable of speaking in full, comprehensible sentences, but he’s had no time to prepare his words, and while his usual problem is an excess of the things, this is different.
Only seconds later, his phone silently lights up in the darkness of his room. He discards the sheet -
He's aware that both his voice and his choice of words have become less colloquial than usual, which he knows that John has picked up on as one of his defence mechanisms, one he uses when he needs to distance himself from something he does not want to seem affected by or ignorant about.
“Since you decided to upset the balance that you have benefited from for the past decade, you are now subjected to another unfortunate side-effect of serotonin imbalance. Another display of obsession, if you will.”
Focus - Sherlock’s not even trying to keep his focus, deeming the matter to be exceedingly dull, but even if he had attempted to do so, I think that this version of him hadn’t been able to, and that not trying in this case might be a bit of a defense mechanism - if you don’t care, you can’t fail. Sherlock’s having clear problems both in canon and in this story to sustain his focus and attention on anything that he doesn’t find interesting or relevant to his interests, and in my head, the reason he doesn’t even try to is the same reason as the one stated above; he knows he can’t. He used to try, but he never managed, and when he tried, it drained him of his energy.
- to lift him up from all of this, release him from this purgatory, but he wasn't even granted a “no”, he was just left there in his childhood room, wondering if he'd spoken into the nothingness.)
It only takes half an hour to gather everything he needs to find the people he’s been looking for ever since he realised that the cases were linked.
But love turns out to be a chemical defect found on the losing side, just as his brother has taken it upon himself to repeat every now and then, and Sherlock turns out to be very much on the losing side, because ending up in a rehab facility after getting sent down from Oxford cannot possibly be anything but a loss.
“Maybe I’m not playing simply because it isn’t a game?”
Compensation in this wider meaning could mean either that you learn to cover up some of the tells of your mental health issues or that you put in a lot more effort and energy than most to achieve the same result as they do, due to the mental health issue. You use your abilities to make up for some of your difficulties. Those difficulties may be stopping you directly from doing something you want (become good at something that requires a certain amount of consistency or attention, for example) or stop you more indirectly from acheiving your goals due to you not being able to meet the expectations of others (in your chosen field there might be certain expectations of you coming across as social and outgoing, for example).
He trashes and twists, but his hands lose their grip and John slumps against Sherlock, falls over him until Sherlock loses his balance too. Falling flat against the mattress, Sherlock makes some sort of distressed noise, and John has a distant thought that he might ought to help him, but the heaviness of his own body is too much.
- the fading arterial red, the deep forest green, the Tyrian purple and that magnificent tangelo orange without facing John. In that respect, his crossed wires are offering him a way of assessing emotions that is superior to reading facial expressions.)
A sting, a fierce one, and Sherlock's mind is not balanced enough for this conversation, because John's wrong, so wrong, and Sherlock's…
Gabriel Samsoie was in a romantic relationship with another man.
John seems to say something like  “hardly reassuring”.
(Even with a tolerance like his, the amount of benzodiazepines he's ingested since he woke up is making him feel a bit unsteady.)
“I’m only explaining that we are not and never will be an item. I don’t wish to sabotage for you by letting people assume that you share my inclinations. It could prove to seriously impair your already moderate chances with the women that you need in order to create the uninspired, unstimulating life that you pretend that you want, just because you need to feel ‘normal’, and I’d hate to get in the way of that.”
Unlike before, he hadn’t instinctively known what to do to keep himself together, to calm the cacophony down or to regain a modicum of control. Then, in his late teens, he’d discovered that it was possible to cause oneself pain in far more deliberate ways, and that it was possible to tune out some of the unsettling things happening inside by overriding them with a pain that was far sharper and more distinct than what was raging inside.
“Fair enough,” Sherlock allows.
Carl Powers died in the water. Would it be ironic if the only person who was smart enough to realise that it was murder was also found dead in the water?
(Everything always is, once you really look at it.)
He’s reluctant to give the woman any credit, but whatever she may lack in bedside manner and personality, she makes up for in empirical knowledge and insight in her field. Their text conversation had lasted well into the morning, and Sherlock ended up reluctantly promising to at least consider visiting her research department in Seattle to let her perform a few extended interviews and some cognitive testing, so that she could use the data in a case study, since he was ‘so snitty about the state of psychiatric research’. In exchange, she’d also tell him more about her new… theory regarding the origin of his impaired mental state.
Sherlock doesn't move, doesn't acknowledge the touch with more than the sudden stillness of his body. Because he'd just decided that John wouldn't miss the blue little pills if a few more disappeared for a while. Then he'd find someone to sell him new to replace those he'd taken from John's pill bottle. It's easier not to jump out of your own skin when you know that there's something that can dull the tingling of being in a constant limbo.
- Sherlock’s notion that John is straight, and his knowledge of the fact that the physical aspects of what they’re doing sometimes makes John a bit distressed, contradicted by the fact that John initiates not only the sex, but the anal fingering, which Sherlock sees as a very ‘gay’ form of sexual act.
(Which is marvelous news, all things considered, because no one in their right mind would find silver birds ‘amazing’ or put comments about the radiating of tangelo orange down to ‘seeing the world differently’.)
(Another kind of intimacy?)
Sherlock’s voice is steady, his fingers still efficient, even if his mind doesn’t absorb any of the tells and clues of the body in front of him anymore.
“You do know that they’re not currently treating anyone by inducing insulin coma, don’t you?” John inquires, his voice perfectly serious. “But seeing as you also have a phrenology poster on the floor next to our sink, your knowledge on this particular field of science might be in need of a a brush-up.”
An obsession is always an obsession, and somehow, suffering will always be involved, Sherlock thinks as he fumbles with buttons and shivers at the sounds John makes as--
“This is all the information we have on known connections between the parties involved in the disappearances. I trust you will dispose of the contents once you have everything you need.”
(It still doesn’t seem relevant but--)
Sherlock shouldn’t even think about– The army had almost cost John his life, and that part of John is not something to objectify, not something to imagine as John pushes into him like this or when firm hands hold Sherlock’s hip still and John fucks him steadily, teaching him just what he’s good for and–
finding it to be most practically useful.
But living has never come easily to Sherlock, so it shouldn’t be a surprise that his temporary relief ends like this.
At the time Sherlock was treated as an in-patient, most of the conditions that are currently considered to be 'neurodevelopmental' - in this case primarily the autism spectrum diagnoses - were considered to be a form of 'brain damage'.
“Oh, you’re in medicine as well?”
The thought of just wordlessly presenting John with the box of implements does have a certain, abstract kind of appeal.
(No one believes him anyway, no one that matters, at least. Maybe they'd believe him once they'd found his body in the water too? They'd not be clever enough to determine if Sherlock's been murdered too.)
Item on the checklist illustrated;
This isn’t easy, but being fueled by stress hormones makes it slightly less difficult.
“The posh boy likes a bit of rough, is that it?”
“No, that’s John’s area of expertise,” Sherlock concludes, reaching for his phone again and beginning to fidget with it. John has known Sherlock long enough to read the discomfort in his every movement, but he wonders if the others can see the tension.
Bitter taste floods his senses and when John’s fingers make no move to withdraw, Sherlock lets his tongue swipe over them, slide between the two digits, exploring them. Beside him, John makes a sound that is somewhere between sated, intrigued and demanding.
After a few seconds, John’s hand withdraws.
and walks out to the kitchen.
“What’s a ‘consultant detective’?” Eva asks, leaning over the table again, displaying a bit more of her chest than John's currently comfortable with. How can someone look so different in their everyday clothes than the do in scrubs? It makes no sense. Still, this is another version of Eva. A version that's currently focusing her eyes very pointedly at both John and Sherlock.
His protest is swallowed by John's mouth, and the amber warmth of the glow still left on the altar after his sacrifice. There's something else there too, something a bit more fierce than Sherlock's grown to expect from the few kisses they've shared so far.
Then John moves behind him and it stings and it’s… better. It’s getting better.
It’s something to return to.
(And why had there been anger, he still doesn’t understand quite what happened just seconds or minutes ago, and he needs to examine that reaction and--)
His eyes has never left John’s, and John doesn’t look away now, just stares at Sherlock, his phone now completely forgotten in his hand.
What he would let John to do to him.
(John prides himself - or used to pride himself - on being a thoughtful lover, Sherlock knows.)
Returning to the present time, Sherlock’s mind is set on a more current question of logic.
The frequency with which John licks his lips during the cooking of their lunch is increased after that -
It isn’t.
his chameleon psychiatrist said when he claimed distractions were for lesser minds.
“Well, perhaps you should focus behaving like a professional nurse before you start attempting doctor’s work, Selma.”
“You don’t get your shirts tailored,” John blurts out, then seems to regret his observation, judging by the way he bites his lip.
It’s the bruise and the cut on his face, Sherlock realises after a few moments. That's what John’s gaze keeps returning to.
John works his hand on him until Sherlock’s body melts down the sofa, limbs heavy and trembling. It hurts as John’s finger leaves him, but that’s not the most distressing feeling the movement causes. The weight of John’s body over the right half of his body is grounding and too warm and reassuring and stressing, all at once.
(https://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/publications/pandas/index.shtml)
Sherlock leaves the papers scattered over the desk and the surrounding floor, moves to close the window to prevent any rain smudging the ink on his notes.
John’s voice comes from where he’s still hunched on the floor, looking up at Sherlock with patience, awaiting further explanations.
In this chapter, I’d say that the first part, the one about the abnormal social approach, is rather clear. There are not many things about how Sherlock handles this conversation (or, in last chapter, initiates it) that are close to some kind of norm. I think that this part is evident in the show as well, and it’s impossible to say whether it’s a conscious decision or an inability to manage a ‘normal’ approach. In my headcanon, it’s both. It’s a partly a conscious decision, but the decision is based on the notion that if you’re not even trying, you can’t be said to having failed at it. It could also be said that John does not have the most typical social approach either, not in this conversation, and not in canon while interacting with Sherlock, but he displays a much more typical (but not fully) approach when he’s putting his mind to it and is around others than Sherlock.
Sherlock gives a short nod, then takes another sip of his drink, watching John watch him.
If John notices, Sherlock hopes that he will attribute any shift in Sherlock's face as that of an innocent - such a hatefully inaccurate term - presented with pictures of an overtly sexual woman.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. I need to get back to class now.”
. It’s visible even through closed eyelids. It’s not the color of intimacy or affection - Sherlock is not sure exactly how to define those sentiments, let alone to determine what colors they might provoke. It’s the color of need, expectation, sexuality, lust--
“Right, OK, we've covered that then.”
Mycroft has the advantage of the unexpected. Sherlock has the advantage of apathy making even the unexpected pass by as if it was nothing. It probably was. If Mycroft intended for Sherlock to protest the fallacious statement, then Sherlock intended to not give a shit about it.
And then Sherlock's back is suddenly against his duvet, and then there's a whole other pressure, the pressure of John's body on top of his own, moving against him, mouth finding his cheek, his shin, his ear--
As the sounds of Sherlock tuning his violin fills the flat, John is reluctant to acknowledge that nothing’s changed within the last ten minutes.
“I thought I might… become a bit distracted. I thought that the combination of withdrawal and distraction would prove--”
“Goodbye, Sherlock. Do consider the possibility of acting like a grown-up.”
There's a hint of uncertainty - of protest - in John's features, but it dies away as John takes in the intent and the excitement in Sherlock's eyes.
John slowly nods, as if to himself, and then walks towards the kitchen.
“Is that so?” John asks after a few seconds of silence. “And how come you of all people know this? I thought you said that ‘human nature’ wasn’t exactly your area?”
The symptoms of OCD or tic symptoms suddenly become worse following a strep infection.
- and then at John, seeing how John’s eyes are fully focused on him and how the change of subject and seating seems to make John more relaxed.
Sherlock could still back out. There's still time to turn around and avoid this.
This is all Sherlock’s work. He’s managed to trigger something in John that shooting people or being in mortal danger don’t touch.
An important aspect of self-destructive behavior is the inability to handle the stress stemming from an individual's lack of self-confidence - for example in a relationship, whether the other person is truly faithful ("how can they love someone like me?"); at work or school, whether the realization of assignments and deadlines is possible ("there is no way I can complete all my work on time"). Self-destructive people usually lack healthier coping mechanisms, like asserting personal boundaries. As a result, they tend to feel that showing they are incompetent is the only way to untangle themselves from demands. Successful individuals may self-destructively sabotage their own achievements; this may stem from a feeling of anxiety, unworthiness, or from an impulsive desire to repeat the "climb to the top."
The problem with (or; one of the problems with) self-medication is that there's often a tolerance built and symptoms of withdrawal when one doesn't self-medicate; it leads to addiction. Sherlock rationalizes a lot (being without was perhaps only terrible due to being with his family that day, it's temporary, he can control the dosage, he is aware of the possibility of building tolerance, he knows what he's doing and so on) about it, which is part of the denial of the seriousness in this.
He’s not even sure what is a performance and what isn’t, anymore.
When John leans closer, there’s no smell of alcohol in Sherlock’s breath, and John suddenly finds himself thinking about that one visit to the mall and the way the lights had made Sherlock tense up and avert his eyes and the way he’d--
. His newly toweled hair is still wet enough to make the shoulders of his striped shirt damp, just out of a shower that took approximately 7 minutes longer than his usual post-work showers -
“You do realise that I'm already done with most of the term?”
“Alright. Good, I think.”
“It's not like anxiety is unusual, especially in people with high intelligence,” John provides. “I don't know why you'd rather let me think it was depression. Besides, except for the withdrawal, you seem to be able to cope well enough, but you would, wouldn’t you, you bloody brilliant git? I mean, I have patients who actually believe the end of the world is nigh, so it's not likely your anxious symptoms would be the most mental I've ever encountered.”
Getting up, Sherlock feels the cold floorboards beneath his feet as he wraps a nearby sheet around himself before heading to the ensuite.
“Logical. If you hadn't reacted favourably that'd meant that you were unlikely to actually want these things, and then what would be the point of me asking for them?”
Joseph freezes for half a second before he answers.
“Anyway,” she continued. “Put him out of his misery in that case.”
He should probably do something, reciprocate in some manner, but instead Sherlock finds himself just relocating himself a bit to the left, allowing himself to be pressed against the wall instead of the doorframe. The relief in the muscles of his back is in itself enough to make him groan.
It's absurd, this impulse to defend his brother, given that it’s essential for their… relations that John retains a healthy suspicion towards everything Mycroft might insinuate about Sherlock in the future.
“So, ehm, are you?”
“I don't want to know!” Lestrade says, putting up his hands as if to shield himself from finding out yet another thing he’d be theoretically obliged to arrest them for.
An erect penis, more precisely. An erect penis that’s only a few inches away from his face.
“Yes,” Sherlock agrees, his eyes searching John's face.
Trigger warnings for several internalised -phobias.
“I… have never even heard of that. But if it might be curable, how come you haven't gotten the diagnosis confirmed?”
As Sherlock approaches the brick building containing the university chemistry labs, he slips out a stealthily-cut copy of his tutor’s key and heads for his favourite lab.
It’s so blindingly obvious.
The smell hits him as soon as John has stripped off the remaining clothes and settles with one knee on either side of Sherlock’s ribs. There’s genital hair and the smell of genitals and it’s hard to suppress the slight nausea this produces, but there’s also a very erect cock and a very determined John looking at him. And John grabs the headboard with one hand and Sherlock’s hair with the other before nudging his cock against Sherlock’s lips. Willing John to just get on with it so the feeling of being used and almost suffocated by blood-filled erectile tissue will enable him not to focus on the smell and the involuntary vision of genital hair between his teeth, Sherlock tries to dive forward, taking John in. He can’t, however. The grip on his hair won’t let him.
Sometimes, chaos makes it impossible to determine who has the upper hand in a battle.
It burns very much and perhaps this is not the best of ideas. It doesn’t matter, though, because they’re doing this and Sherlock wants very much to know what it feels like to have John Watson doing this to him.
or pointing out that Sherlock was
. Preferably cigarettes, but patches would do.)
It occurs to John to tell Sherlock that he's close, getting closer, almost there-- but he doesn't, instead allowing his body to tense up and his moans to grow louder, telling Sherlock, wordlessly, that this will soon be over, will soon--
Sophia had told her loved ones about what she was going to do - about disappearing so that another person would not be found. Now they have to live with the not knowing how long she will stay alive, alone, but at least they don’t have to search for her.
Emotionally unstable. Broken. Pathological. Desperate.
It’s half an hour after the argument-turned-confession and John taps away at his laptop while Sherlock occupies the kitchen as he cleans out the fridge. It’s an old retreat -
When Sherlock is eighteen years old he decides to give psychiatry one more chance.
“Doctor Watson, I assure you that there are other things I’d rather give him, but I will give them to you instead, in case he… sees reason.”
John adds another log to the fire, and Sherlock adjusts his position on the floor - his back is getting stiff and even through the carpet, the floor is too hard for his oddly sore muscles.
A shallow, sharp breath from John as he feels the air against his half-hard cock. A breath held, and then slowly let out against John's cheek as Sherlock looks, seeing John grow harder.
Political games were always more Mycroft’s cup of tea than Sherlock’s - too dry and clinical, and Sherlock prefers to observe the mess that people make in their own lives rather than the mess caused by lobbying, bribes and governmental scheming. It makes his own structural distortions fade in comparison.
No one believes Sherlock, and Sherlock is powerless, because he's twelve years old and everything hurts so fucking bad.
Dropping his phone, Sherlock gazes across the roofs of London and spreads his arms wide. He leans out into the unknown, and then he’s falling.
Solving problems.
At least this time, he’d stopped before it had a chance to get…
- that’s what it’s all about, that’s what they all--
Keeping his face void of all reactions, Sherlock feels how John's hand is slowly…
Ultimately, it doesn't matter. Sherlock had known that John would potentially question Sherlock's lack of practical experience, and had his words already prepared.
“Sherlock, don’t even try that. Don’t try to push me again.”
“An apo--”
(See the end of the chapter for
. It’s the realisation that he will need to breathe, and that his nose is adequate for this when he doesn’t want to interrupt what’s happening.
(A submissive gesture, calculated as to take some of the edge out of his words.)
Alright. Acceptable. A strange and unfamiliar urge, that.)
“Let’s go, then,” John says, tipping his head to the side, and starts towards the back door of the building.
Insufficient adrenaline in John’s system -
(This is how relationships slowly die, and until a few minutes ago, John hadn’t even been sure if they were even in a relationship. Fuck, he still doesn’t know if they’re in a relationship.)
Sherlock is losing time.
“Because providing me with drugs yourself was an enterprise free of concern?” he counters.
Categorise and sort into neat boxes.
“How so?”
(And interesting detail is that Marsha Linehan herself suffers from BPD. As someone who works with Borderline clients using Marsha’s methods every day, I find that fact to be one that adds depth to her descriptions and methods.)
John won’t come closer. Sherlock gets John’s breath against his cheekbone instead - just one word spoken against his skin.
There are suddenly enough possible reasons for John’s hesitance that Sherlock finds himself at a loss as to why he thought that this was even remotely possible.
This is very much not the time to inquire about something so… raw, but it slips out before Sherlock has a chance to stop it.
A glance in the mirror indicates that there’s still a faint glow to Sherlock’s skin, but it could just as easily be from the shower as from the orgasm, he concludes, adjusting his curls. The product he uses has made a few of them a bit stiff, but he needs to wait until his hair is completely dried before brushing it. It’ll have to do.
“Well, the subject never came up,” John simply says.
(Heroes don't exist. If they did, they'd be cruel. Once he used to ask for someone -
* * *
This dissonance between the expected outcome and the actual outcome is yet another broken pattern, further increasing the tension behind Sherlock’s sternum. If he doesn’t act straight away, the pressure could send his already frazzled mind into a paralysing spiral of unwanted thoughts and physical reactions, efficiently preventing him from doing what he’s set out to do.
John’s voice is inquisitive rather than hesitant now. Alcohol sometimes have that effect on John; causing him to forget about the years he’s spent building up a reserved but seemingly polite distance to most people around him.
“You’re wrong.” Selma doesn't sound offended, but her voice is more hesitant than it usually is as she continues. “It’s twenty-seven.”
(The body. It gives away far more accurate information than words do. People rehearse their lies verbally, not physically. Physically would be wiser.)
“You’re right. Not about the bulimia part, but otherwise… yes. I should be impressed, I guess, but I know it takes one to know one, so I’ll hold back my praise.”
No. John gets it. The angle of the crow’s feet at the corner of his eye, the pulse that’s not slowing down even after they quit the stairs. John knows.
Sherlock had allowed John to take something that John had very clearly wanted to take - which had also happened to be what Sherlock had thought he wanted as well - and he’d allowed John to see him like that, had done it despite his own instincts when it came to not allowing anyone else to know about this side of him. There'd always be that risk; the risk that he'd do something like he had done with [partially restored]. But John had liked it. They both had, in their own ways. John might have liked the physical aspect well enough, but for Sherlock it had been more about the… psychological? aspect of it. In his mind, the humiliation of his own submission and the way John had used his body to derive his own pleasure from had been on repeat more or less constantly since then, causing dryness of the mouth, palpitations and a tingling sensation in his midsection.
- with his right leg resting on an economy pack of garbage bags -
“They’re not missing,” Sherlock snaps, attempting to keep his voice unaffected -
Answer to current item - Sherlock
“No. It isn’t.”
John’s fist hits the counter without warning.
His palm finds another palm and as he lets his fingers close around Sherlock's hand, Sherlock doesn't flinch, doesn't even avert his eyes from the window and it is a strange sensation, sitting there in broad daylight, holding the hand of a man who John has only ever seen doing anything affectionate within the confines of their flat.
It hadn’t ever been about pleasure. Nothing that even reminded of pleasure, unless a slight ease of the panic counted as such.
It’s one thing to ask John to hurt and control him.
John gives him a few seconds, and when he speaks, it's frustratingly matter-of-factly.
As soon as Lestrade finishes the last phone call needed to confirm that the suspect lacks an alibi, Sherlock supports himself with a hand on the desk, rises and nods at the police inspector.
(One of the most unpredictable patterns Sherlock's come across. Not as unfortunately random as the patterns of his own brain, though.)
(His own reflection, as seen out of the corner of his eye, shouldn't register as foreign, but it does, it often does, and it feels like he's being watched by someone, always observed and--)
Behind him, John is once again walking away, leaving Sherlock standing by the window.
Just as the pressure deep in his throat paired with the non-existent friction on his own cock is getting unbearable John pulls out of his mouth.
There’s something Sherlock’s not telling John, because there’s no point in telling him. This will pass, and everything will be back to normal. John will return, and this will pass.
Once again being an active addict, on top of everything else, would be the tipping point.
“Duly noted.”
The packet hits the wall behind the chair before Sherlock even realises that he’s furious. His breathing is painful and rapid as he feels his pulse pick up at the sudden movement. He must have jerked upright as he threw Mycroft’s pity across the room, because now he’s sitting up, the sheet tangled around his waist -
Sherlock goes to the bathroom, returns, and looks at the textbook as it waits for him on his unmade and unslept-in bed; and suddenly it’s all too much. Days and days of reading these unspecific, subjective and ludicrous criteria, and all he gets is several possible diagnoses of ‘not otherwise specified’ pathologies.
Now Sherlock spends the compulsory lectures thinking about everything but what's being said, except when he finds something on which he needs to correct their lecturer. He’s taken up fencing and started studying Latin during the lectures in order to escape the tedium of hearing about things that are simple enough that Sherlock draws his conclusion long before the entire problem is presented to the class, who all act like it’s some kind of challenge to keep up with the studies. The only real challenge is to keep motivating himself to get out of bed day after day, if he even made it to bed the night before.
“We wait,” Sherlock answers, because while he will not be idle - there’s some Internet research he can do himself while Beta works on the laptop - he’s not sure if anything will come out of it, and John doesn’t need to know that he is pulling every loose end he can find.
Pervasive Development Disorder - in DSM IV, this category held diagnoses like Autism and Asperger's syndrome. The NOS diagnose is similar in many ways to these two diagnoses, but primarily Asperger's.
, Sherlock has known that it’s something that he wants very much to experience. He hadn’t, however, been able to make himself go through with it before. Not during those drug enhanced encounters at uni, before it all…
Based on the follwing item of
This doesn't evoke any particular sentiment in him. It is what it is, and it's his skin, so it shouldn't bother anyone else.
“You say those things about people to make yourself feel superior, and to give them a reason to dislike you, because if you give them reason to do so, it doesn’t hurt as bad if they do.”
. His brain is anything but logical without the chemicals adjusting the deficient levels of certain neurotransmitters.)
(Sherlock’s always hated that idiom, because for most people, it makes no sense. To him, however, it does. There is a Right and a Wrong side of everything.)
John doesn't talk, but he makes his way through the crowd, creating a path for Sherlock to follow. An impulse, an absurd one, about reaching for John's hand so he can follow with his eyes closed.
Sherlock manages to crack an unusually morbid joke during the cab ride, but John’s lips doesn’t even quirk up.
There’s a familiar sense of vibration in his bones coming from a pressure that’s building up inside of him, instantly threatening to erupt. He needs to relieve some of that pressure. Suddenly, it seems like his sternum might burst. He knows it’s impossible, but resisting the pattern seems even more impossible.
“I’ll be late, so… see you tomorrow morning, then.”
“Oh, please,” Sherlock sighs. “You’ll let him test drive cars in deserted car parks and use all your time and energy to make up for the time lost, of course he’ll want that. What twelve-year-old with an overprotective mother wouldn’t?”
Sherlock might be combusting from the pressure, but doesn’t let it show on the outside. He can take the panic -
“I could stop doing it.” Sherlock licks his lips, realising too late what that gesture could imply.
“Are you done?” John asks as Sherlock closes the laptop and straightens his lapels.
Sherlock; not attempting to lead in this. Not only accepting, but wanting (needing?) John to do so. The contrast to what they usually are. The contrast to what John usually wants to aspire to. The acquiescence to what John actually wants.
It will not be within his comfort zone, but then none of this has been. In fact, this has all been the very opposite of ‘comfortable’.
Bracing himself for something he knows will probably be painful, Sherlock is taken aback when there’s a sudden pressure against his buttocks and then a hand around his cock.
“Why would I need a grand moment in order to show off?”
“I know,” Sherlock cuts him off. “Neither am I.”
Working as a consultant, he would normally be required to display at least decent social skills and be cooperative, and most certainly to explain his deductions step by step in a more pedagogical way. However, he is so brilliant at what he does that he’s given quite a lot of leeway, and doesn’t have to live up to those expectations, even this inability (or unwillingness) still gives him certain disadvantages, such as being questioned all the time. Sherlock is a (former?) drug addict with (in this story) clear traits of autism spectrum disorder as well as other neuropsychiatric conditions and his personality is not an advantage in this situation. But he is a genius who excels at what he does, hence compensating. He has to prove himself over and over again, and he does. But there are other - less ‘classical’ - ways in which he compensates as well; having John with him to smooth over some things, but also to look to for advice on certain matters in which he has a harder time than most, acting like the abuse of the other doesn’t matter, using his theatrical skills to fool others and by ‘owning’ his own inabilities; ‘high-functioning sociopath’.
Instead, he goes online and starts to put the information Sophia gave him to use.
A fresh thrill of pain flares from his ribs, and in that moment, everything goes blank and all Sherlock can feel is the metallic taste of intense, sudden anger, coming seemingly out of nowhere and rapidly rising like bile - like heartburn - in his throat.
Sherlock gets up from his chair, takes the folder from his brother’s hand and offers Mycroft a brief nod before leaving, his fingers
With that in mind, Sherlock returns most of his attention to his observations of the different tissues, gradually managing to pay less and less attention to the fingers that are now almost massaging his nape and shoulders with just a bit more pressure than before.
Eating the last of the chips, Sherlock watches the flask, the way the powder is dissolved as the burner underneath heats the liquid.
His hoes discarded, John is leaning down as he pulls off jeans, pants and socks all in one go before straightening up again. It’s not a sensuous display, not like in badly produced porn, it’s a practical and effective movement and it’s so simple, so oddly prosaic in the midst of all this and Sherlock’s suddenly--
Sherlock wants nothing more than to get out of here -
“Seems reasonable,” he offers, then falls silent for a moment before continuing, rather incredulously now. “So basically this Dr Martell, who has actually been struck off and is no longer allowed to perform any clinical work, will house us for two weeks while giving you some free…
“But I…
For this chapter, the third one on Borderline Personality Disorder (or “Personality Syndrome”, as DSM-V has now renamed it), the following diagnostic criteria was used;
The sight of John evokes a sense memory. Stubbled chin against the skin over Sherlock's clavicle, fingers tightening their grip on Sherlock's shoulder.
This could have been pleasurable. John’s fingers easing the shirt from his shoulders and then continuing to stroke down his back. John unfastening his trousers, letting him step out of them himself as John tugs his own shirt off, leaving Sherlock to rid himself of the socks. He leaves his pants on; a second skin covering damaged skin. And this isn’t pleasurable. Not when there’s both distance and too much light between them.
“You are unbelievable. I need to leave, now. I can’t have this conversation right now.”
might be - had started, John had shoved two of his own, almost forgotten Nitrazepam into Sherlock’s hand and told him to “just fucking take them”. It had been an unusually resilient fit of insomnia, even by Sherlock standards, and in his severely sleep deprived state, Sherlock hadn’t questioned exactly what John was giving him.
“I guess I could do better than this,” John finally says, nodding at the laptop.
Somewhere in his mind - the mind Sherlock’s rapidly losing more and more control of - he registers the pressure against his legs as John moves in closer in response to Sherlock’s instinctive attempts to fend himself against the pain. Looming over him and immobilising Sherlock further, John continues to rub his knuckles against his breastbone.
When the major depression caused by his neurotransmitters readjusting themselves to the lack of various drugs finally begins to wear off, Sherlock finds himself a new and rather effective way of ridding himself of the last persistent symptoms of his depression.
John's voice breaks through the tension with two words that aren't really a question.
That was-- not exactly what he’d been meaning to say, but it doesn’t matter, not now, because he needs to keep talking. If he stops, he might not be able to continue.
• repetitive behaviors
“Bet he was uncomfortable; nothing makes him more stressed than the boredom of common, relaxed socialization.”
Sherlock only wishes John could have chosen another subject of conversation.
Returning to idleness.
“Oh. And because of that, things could get… odd?”
He wants to see how Sherlock looks when he gets that wrinkle between his eyebrows, fully focused at the task at hand, at mastering this new skill and bring as much pleasure as possible to the first woman he's ever-- Oh. Yes. Sherlock is always a marvel, but if John had to pick one thing he likes to watch Sherlock do the most, that'd be when he puts all his brilliance into learning something new, his control over his movements so perfect and his entire mind engaged, every sense heightened. Watching Sherlock’s eyes be both hazy and entirely focused on John's body when he first learned just what made John throw his head back and gasp, learn what made him forgive almost any rudeness or stunt or--
Sherlock raises his left eyebrow slightly, but that's the only acknowledgement he gives her.
A driver throws herself on the horn when Sherlock crosses St Giles, neglecting pay the traffic any attention.
“I don’t think it is. And by the way, you’re an arsehole.”
John Watson is, apparently, not quite right in the head.
“Sherlock, if you think that this is about--”
And it’s often like that in life - it’s not the things one would expect that makes someone else decide to give life some more time, or perhaps to give themselves another chance. When it comes to how you handle the struggle to keep on living, there are no absolute truths or rights and wrongs, only life and what you make of it.
. And looking at John, who actually smiles a tired but content smile -
“Psychiatric diagnostics?” John asks, clearly amused. Sherlock fails to see where the humour lies.
In psychology, cognitive dissonance is the mental stress or discomfort experienced by an individual who holds two or more contradictory beliefs, ideas, or values at the same time, or is confronted by new information that conflicts with existing beliefs, ideas, or values.
“Also, why do you like pointing out things that people don’t want others to hear?”
John breaks the kiss, breathing too hard, the last moments of the kiss have been more pressing of open mouths against each other than actual kissing. And as Sherlock feels how his sphincter slowly relaxes, John presses a bit further, than halts at the pressure that once again increases. Sherlock wonders if he ought to stop stroking John, if John wants to… in him? But that doesn’t make sense, because John isn't gay, and anal penetration with another man is a rather homosexual act. Even Sherlock knows this, and he’s not that ajour with contemporary sexuality. The thought and the contradiction in this is distressing, because even if there’s no genitals involved, John’s still penetrating him, and Sherlock can’t see why John would want to, because John’s admitted that the fact that Sherlock’s a man is somewhat new and a bit uncomfortable to him, and Sherlock hates that, hates the thought of John being uncomfortable. The most confusing thing, however, is the fact that John initiated this, that John breathes hard and seems to take some form of pleasure from penetrating an anus with his finger. It doesn’t make sense, but it feels sensical. No, it doesn’t; it feels intense, insane, invasive, incredible....
John; puzzled. Sherlock; almost crushing the mug, albeit discreetly.
Answer to current item - Sherlock
“I am not in a compromised state!”
It's a condescending gesture, but Sherlock does in fact need more benzodiazepines. Just a few more days. The withdrawal cannot last much longer now.
(Still, it's so hard breaking his own patterns.)
“I assumed as much when you left and didn’t even bother to text for twenty-four hours,” comes John’s reply, matter-of-fact and even slightly off-hand, like Sherlock was stating something obvious. But the fact that it arrives several seconds after Sherlock spoke suggests otherwise.
Two teenage girls are skipping on the pavement, almost bumping into him, laughing out their excuses as they almost crash into a woman on their other side.
There’s no point in being delicate about one’s possible psychopathologies, he reasons.
[   ]  = Fantasy
“I never do, do I?” John sighs, but there’s something more beneath those words.
“It clearly upsets you, which is curious. Is it because it raises the game to a level where you can't follow it? No, you're working with me, so you're clearly used to not being able to keep up. That's not what's bothering you. It must be something else, then. The fear of what harm a truly clever mind could do when it is set on winning the game? No, you're not about fear. You don't fear danger. What do you fear then?
Judging by pace in which things are progressing, that doesn't leave much time.
The woman herself, however, is inconsequential to his reaction.
“I,” says Sherlock, wanting to keep things accurate, “did not attend boarding school.”
“Right, I can work with that. To begin with.”
John pockets his phone as Sherlock gets to his feet and heads towards the gate, feeling the slight numbness from the Alprazolam as he makes his way through the crowds.
“Just right” OCD symptoms involve more of a sense of “incompleteness” rather than the need to “avoid harm” seen in more typical OCD symptoms. “Just right” symptoms are more likely to be experienced as discomfort or tension rather than anxiety.
Sleep is the respite he’s after, and anything beyond that is a luxury he cannot allow and does not deserve.
John’s hand generates pressure -
Sherlock allows himself to study the pulsing, arterial red that bathes the stairwell for just a moment longer before he turns around, resuming the climb up the seventeen steps to 221B.
John’s close now, looking up at Sherlock, who straightens his back automatically, needing his body to express something he’s not even remotely close to actually feeling.
The pull on the hair just at his nape eases, and for a minute, there’s nothing but endorphins flooding Sherlock’s blood stream as John almost gently cards his fingers through the curls, pain beginning to dissipate.
and if I gave everything up so that you wouldn’t have to
- and now a text message to Helena Martell, but he’s finally made up his mind regarding the fact that waiting for an impending terror is often worse than living through the actual terror - at least then you have nothing more to fear. One thing less to haunt you. One thing more that you've already butchered. Either way, living it isn't as bad as fearing it. John knows this too. Unfortunately, John’s subconscious is stuck in a place where the worst still hasn't happened. In his sleep, John is forever trapped in all the different moments that occurred just before disasters struck.
“I’m not so great with inhibitions as it is. I prefer to keep what inhibitions I do have.”
Sherlock turns the book towards himself, but doesn’t make any attempt to open it. In the dim evening light of his flat, he wouldn’t be able to make out the words. Even more frustratingly, he doubts that he would have enough focus to read even a simple textbook on questionable scientific findings about human nature.
The door closes behind him, and he’s finally left with nothing but himself and this room.
John snickers slightly, and Sherlock suddenly needs very much to see him, to observe his face in order to be able to accurately interpret the situation and the words.
Sherlock lets his fingers continue drifting over John’s sternal ribs, which he’s spent the last few minutes absently and lazily exploring by touch. John’s hand is resting on top of Sherlock’s head, where it’s been intermittently carding through curls as Sherlock’s breathing settled into a slow, steady pace.
hands
After casting a quick glance at John, Sherlock returns his gaze to the street in front of him, his fingers tapping absently against the wheel.
When Sherlock glances pointedly at the box of antacids waiting on the counter between them, the manager automatically picks it up and finally deposits it in the bag. Then, too caught up in her own thoughts, she fails to hand it over to her customer, who snags the bag from her and gives a short nod before turning towards the door.
Something that John has a problem with in this story, repeatedly, is the ability to view himself in one way despite the fact that he often behaves in contradictory ways. He’s a doctor who was also a soldier, and he’s a lover who takes pleasure in hurting the one he loves. He’s a straight man in love with another man, and all those contradictions are almost impossible for him to handle, which might be explained by his low sense of self; it’s usually easier to accept the contradictions in yourself if you have a sense of who you are. Dichtomies are a common obstacle.
It feels surreal, far more than the sex, to find himself being entangled with Sherlock Holmes on their kitchen floor.
It’s starting to look like things might progress more rapidly than he’d anticipated, and Sherlock has always been one for seeing to every eventuality.
Hopefully his body will get used to this too.
As John’s breathing is once more shallow and relaxed, Sherlock is faced with another problem. He recognises that this is one of those situations when he needs to make a decision. It’s not even a big one - not if you put it into perspective, and Sherlock is someone who constantly puts everything he does into perspective. But for now Sherlock is in a limbo of
(Except if it does. Human nature is unpredictable and erroneous.)
As if to illustrate John’s point, a hand reaches up and begins to stroke the side of Sherlock’s neck. Fingers slide up into his hair, carding through curls for a few seconds before closing around a handful of hair in a firm grip, pulling his head sharply backwards until Sherlock’s staring up at the cornice and the ceiling, his back arched and his neck twisted awkwardly to the side.
Sherlock manages a slight nod, suddenly aware that John’s once more looking up from his laptop, awaiting an answer of some sort.
“And what do you do, John?” Matthew asks, clearly intrigued.
In fact, it might even constitute a ritual of sorts, and Sherlock is well aware that ritual is one of the easiest ways to alter your state of consciousness. Useful, if one's state of consciousness tends to be littered with excess thoughts and obsessions.
Typical.
For J, who gave me a lot to think about on this subject with their comment on last chapter - thank you!
“Bed,” John says, the word uttered almost directly into Sherlock's mouth as he breaks away from the kiss.
Eva looks a bit crimson, but to John’s relief, she doesn’t look mortified. John makes a vague ‘I-don’t-know-what-he’s-on-about-he’s-always-like-this-so-don’t-mind-him’ gesture to her, and she actually smiles a bit at that.
“Hardly your most impressive deduction,” John says, his voice steady and dry as his gaze falters.
in over a week, John doesn't know what to make of what had happened, and perhaps that'd been enough to discourage him from any further ill-advised experiments with--
Breath. Heavy, in tandem.
“Good morning,” John says, entering the sitting room.
“It’s generally not legally provided in the doses you must be taking. Do you have any idea what kind of--”
(There’s no pressure, no vibrations, only this; the full and intense focus on the pattern that’s taking form on the screen in front of him as he works with both his hands and his mind, untangling and sorting through the data.)
- before the paper is once again covering Sherlock’s view of his friend -
There might be other ways to convince John--
“So you still decline treatment?” Mycroft says. “Tell me, what price do you think you will pay for that little rebellion? There was a reason you were put on that medication, and until recently you accepted that reason. You were… very undermined by your own neurochemistry for several years. It was only thanks to Clomipramine that things improved.”
A mere practicality, just like intravenous solutions.
“When did we last eat-- Never mind. Just bin it. I think there are some pizzas in the freezer. I'll have the ham, thank you.”
The reaction is yet another proof that John Watson knows at least some things about observations and tells.
Sherlock thinks John is going to take the bait, and start discussing what has happened between them, but as happens more and more frequently, John surprises him by asking something far closer to the heart of the matter.
Sherlock's forehead is touching John's, their breaths diffusing in the space between them, the air they inhale already warmed by someone else's lungs.
Sherlock opens the door, stopping in the doorway and watching John. John sits on his bed, his laptop on a pillow on his lap. He looks just as neutral and unreadable as he did two hours earlier and Sherlock finds this stressful. Unpleasant expressions are somehow preferable to unreadable ones. Certainty is always better.
“Sherlock asked me to come assist him on a case when… he found out that I was a doctor.”
(It's slightly thrilling, in all its unsettling sense of displacement.)
“Please, I think we need it. Unless you have somewhere you need to be?”
Rubbing the left - always the left - nipple, he lets his other hand feel the response in the right nipple. It's tightening, hardening.
“Then what have you taken them for?”
Sherlock doesn’t mean to let that sound out, the sound that without a doubt communicates his bent to being touched like this. It’s not something he wishes to communicate, because it’s not who he wants to be in front of John, but it’s all he wants to feel in these situations.
Maybe it’ll be enough.
“You are self-destructive, Sherlock. So am I. Let’s just leave it at that and get to the point. I’m not leaving just because you want to push me and poke me until something finally blows up in your face.”
“Carpet needs vacuuming,” Sherlock points out, brushing away crumbs that have stuck to his bare arms, getting to his feet and making his way over to his chair.
