“You need anything—and I mean anything—you call. Hell, even if you don't call, I'll be by with food and beer, if you'll have it.”
Sherlock was just about to head off to bed when he saw the light out his sitting room window. Swinging back and forth as it was buffeted in the howling wind, the light grew closer and closer to his house.
He means more than John and Sherlock, more even than the two and a half of them in the room right now.
“Lucky thing, ordering a size too big,” he said, glancing down at his shirt. He’d conceded to one pair of holiday maternity pajamas, and even he had to admit they were rather festive. His shirt was white and long-sleeved with a big green wreath over his belly. The pants were flannel and soft and probably the most comfortable thing Sherlock owned right now, with a very forgiving and overlarge elastic waistband that just managed to stay in place where he put it.
“If you don’t stop, I’ll wait until he’s crowning before I inform you that our second child is on its way,” Sherlock threatened, throwing a look at John.
“Alright,” John said, shifting a little and sliding his arms under Sherlock’s. He put one hand on Sherlock’s full belly and the other on his breast, thumbing over a nipple and drawing another gasp from the dark-haired man. “Do what your body tells you to do.”
“Joanna Grace Watson-Holmes,” John corrected with a grin, and Sherlock chucked the daisy at his face.
Despite the doctor’s assertions that Sherlock did nothing wrong last time, he takes it almost unbearably easy once he crests 34 weeks. He hardly takes cases, even over the phone, and sleeps in and takes lukewarm baths and stays in his pyjamas and eats truly appalling amounts of applesauce. Mostly, he rests, and thinks.
“Her,” Sherlock agreed, smoothing his hand over his round belly. He didn’t bother masking the smile that curled his lips at the mention of their daughter. “She’s as good a reason as one could hope for to miss out on autopsies and liver samples.”
To his surprise, Sherlock gasps and doubles over, crossing his arms over his chest. For a moment, when he is still caught up in the adrenaline of the fight, John doesn't realize why Sherlock is as wounded as he is, and then—
“John,” Sherlock breathed, his tone almost a whine. His whole body was jerking as he tried to hold himself back, but all too quickly John was driving him to the edge.
“I love you, too,” Sherlock replied, kissing John back. His canines dragged over John’s lower lip and his eyes were damp. “I’ll be back soon. I promise.”
“Consider the mood entirely killed.” Sherlock shoved John off and went to pull the sheet up. John stopped him with a kiss to the cheek, and then one to the lips, and a hand roughly caressing one breast, rubbing the nipple between thumb and forefinger. “...Maybe not.”
John’s throat clenches. “It’s...the done thing.” He’s aware of how stupid he sounds. He feels about that stupid at the moment.
lost her. And you just—you don’t even—fuck!” John’s heart is thumping in his ears. He clenches his fists before he does anything stupid with them. “Do you even care? You were her
“You look resplendent,” John said, bending double and kissing Sherlock’s stomach. Even that touch made him groan softly. He was arching his back to the point of discomfort to give his middle as much room as he could, and even so he felt crammed with food. “My beautiful man, stuffed full. I take good care of you, don’t I?” He ran his hand over Sherlock’s stomach.
Sherlock did what he was told, as best he could. The pain grew worse, until he was certain he was tearing at the edges. But then John’s hand was gone, moving away from his sore flesh, but there was still resistance there -
John turned, squinted, and then rose an eyebrow in surprise. “I do,” he said, making an impressed face. “I believe you wore that when we went to the hospital to have her.” He jerked a shoulder in Cara’s direction. “Must’ve shrunk in the wash.”
When they reached their rooms and the en-suite, it became clear why Sherlock’s corset was so ill-fitting. Once he was divested of his clothing, it was obvious that his body was preparing for a birth, the baby dropping lower in his womb. Angry red marks where the corset had dug in, even after having been adjusted, spoke volumes of the change.
Sherlock shrugged a little. “I think he’ll start to look more like a person in a few weeks. He’s not even a day old yet. Give it time.”
When they get home, John takes it upstairs to what used to be his bedroom. They had spent months painting and shopping and bickering about everything from the wallpaper to the lampshade.
John chuckled and rose from his chair. He stretched for a minute, popping a few joints in his neck, and then shuffled over to the sofa and sat down, dragging Sherlock’s feet into his lap. He started just above the ankles, rubbing at the swollen skin of Sherlock’s calves, trying to release some of the edema so that as he worked his way down, the blood would have someplace to flow. Sherlock was right, to an extent - this pregnancy was taxing his system more than it would have done for the average Omega. It was understandable, though. He was a tall man, but slight of build, and John was just certain that if he’d actually submit for a blood test he was likely slightly hyperthyroid, as thin as he was. Still, he was as healthy as could be hoped for, staring down the barrel of a full-term twin pregnancy.
"I hadn't realised it was so cold," Sherlock said quietly, and shook out of John's arms, pushing himself away and wrapping his own arms around his stomach. "My apologies."
Interrupting John's thoughtful silence, Sherlock tossed a pair of keys at his mate. "Under the sheet, in the shed beside Gladstone's stall. Take the car to town. Fuel it up while you're there. Money in the glovebox."
John returned soon with a cup of tea and a bottle of pills. Sherlock took both, nursing the tea slowly. John took Tess for a moment and put her in a nappy, cleaning her perfunctorily with a damp cloth and then swaddling her in a blanket. He helped Sherlock into a state of partial redress and changed the flat sheet, and then gave the baby back to her exhausted mother. After wiping some of the sweat from Sherlock’s face and neck, John went out to fetch their daughter and her grandmother.
Another knock, this time joined by a muffled call. "Anyone there? It's bloody cold out here, it's about the advertisement."
“We were meant to be traveling with a newborn, you know,” Sherlock groused, bending down with effort to pick up a sock he’d dropped whilst packing. He straightened back up with a huff and watched as an elbow rippled down his broad side, a protest for being squashed. “If you were out here, where you’re meant to be, you wouldn’t be quite so cramped.” He tossed the sock in his suitcase and sat down heavily on the bed, catching his breath. “And mummy would be much happier and far less huge.”
On Violet’s anniversary, Sherlock hauls his swollen body out of bed and wakes John up. They dress—John in a jumper, Sherlock in comfortable jeans and a paternity top he’d worn with Violet—and go to the cemetery. The grass has been mowed recently, and it sticks to Sherlock’s shoes as they walk to where she rests.
John is there to catch him and to hold Sherlock’s shaking body as he breaks. They sink to the floor, Sherlock only barely clinging to John. The energy of a moment ago is entirely exhausted. At the floor, the smell of acrid burnt cloth is stronger, but it’s not what brings tears to John’s eyes.
Bite by bite, they ate what was left of the mashed potatoes. John had to get up and re-fill both of their water glasses partway through, and getting up was a laborious effort. Sherlock noticed John cupping his middle as he walked to the sink, and was sure he would have had to do the same if he had gotten up.
Sherlock nodded and waited for another contraction to build. He started to push as it reached his peak, pushing harder this time, and was rewarded with an onslaught of pleasure that made his vision go black at the edges. He cried out roughly and kept pushing, his toes curling. His cock was rock hard again and pressing against the base of his belly, but he didn’t need it touched. The feeling of the baby’s body moving down, stretching him as it emerged, was better than any touch he could have anywhere on his body. Even John’s fingers on his nipples, which was usually enough to have him writhing, was a dull echo in the background.
"Pour the milk in, don't spill it. I'll stack these back up." Sherlock ignored the apology and bent to pick up the egg cartons. John hoisted the first pail up and poured it carefully into the cooler. The pail was warm, and John was surprised. It made sense, of course, that it was warm, having come from inside a cow and all, but all the same it was strange.
Sherlock’s thighs were burning, his round ligament was aching with strain. He knew he’d barely be able to move the next day, but he didn’t want to stop. “Hha, aah, oh - god, ow, John,” he panted, trying to force his legs to move again though they’d all but given up. “Aah, please - just -“ he let out a whimper and gripped the headboard tighter, letting John bounce him on his lap and ignoring the strain on his legs as he let his partner fuck him harder and faster.
He looked down at the round curve of his belly, so great now that he couldn’t see his own feet. “You’re getting to be a chore to haul around, sweetheart,” he informed the baby, who didn’t deign to reply. John entered the room a few moments afterward with a bottle of lotion and a biscuit. “Crumbs in the bed,” Sherlock said, but took it and had a bite nevertheless.
At first, the smoke is too thick to see. John holds his breath, squints, and waves his arm in front of his face until his eyesight clears and he gets a clear vision of the scene.
“You do,” Sherlock replied, shifting uncomfortably on the chair. He’d never overindulged to this point before. He was beyond repletion, and was slightly nauseous, he was so full.
“Another little someone to love,” Sherlock said, drawing a breath and letting it out. “I can...be happy for that. Happy for our daughter.” Of course he could be.
Sherlock looked at their kitten proudly as it wobbled blindly through the box. Sherlock had eaten the placenta after he’d severed the umbilical cord and licked the kitten clean, effectively erasing any evidence of its birth.
The stall was filled with the sound of rain and gears clicking for the next few seconds, and then with a wet, slick noise, the calf fell to the ground. Sherlock eased himself slowly to his knees beside the calf and picked a piece of straw from the bedding, folding it in half and sticking it in the calf's nostril and clearing its airway of fluid and afterbirth. He rubbed his hands quickly along its wet sides, working the amniotic fluid into an accidental lather, trying to get the calf to "breathe, dammit, breathe!" he cried, and pounded his fist against the calf's ribs before rubbing his sides again.
She had a thick head of dark hair. Cara had too, but with her father’s coloring. Tess took after her mother, full lips with a pronounced bow and a button nose. She was purple at first, but as the minutes went by and John cut the cord she brightened to a pale pink. Soon she had all but fallen asleep, her lips moving and hands clenching and unclenching - a movement Sherlock had felt for weeks, but now she was testing it out on her own.
He stood in the shower, water pounding down over his back, and held his stomach with both hands as the baby moved. "I don't want you," he whispered. "Stop moving, for christ's sake, stop moving." He nearly broke down and cried when the foetus kicked him.
John shook his head. “No, no. If you think being serval will be easier on you, then that’s the smart decision to make. No reason to keep you like this if it’s really uncomfortable.”
“The world’s shortest, least sexy strip tease,” Sherlock said drily, trying to stretch out the ache in his lower back.
John looked down at the yellowish fluid washing down the drain and called for the midwife. She squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “You’re exactly right, that’s just on time. Things might move a little quicker now.”
From where John sat, with Sherlock between his legs, he could see Sherlock’s belly draw up with each contraction - at least, he could see it for as long as Sherlock stayed still before he started to writhe. John was unutterably glad that he was writhing in pleasure and not in pain - he hadn’t even imagined that Sherlock would be one of the few omegas that experienced pleasurable births, but now that the reality was squirming between his legs he was delighted.
“Sounds about right,” Sherlock said drily. “I certainly feel like I just birthed a ten pound, eight ounce baby.”
Sherlock sighed and ran a hand over the shape of his belly from stem to stern and back. “Bigger than Cara was,” he said, nodding. “I’ll be properly huge by the time she arrives.”
"Yes," Sherlock murmured, the hand on his stomach sliding back and forth slowly. "Research has shown that it provides the best start for an infant. I'd be a woefully bad parent if I didn't breastfeed."
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, but nodded in agreement. He could sense John’s anticipation and excitement, and he felt the same feelings start to build, himself. “Get me a straw, then,” he said. He would need to stay lying down as he drank - if he were sitting up too straight, he’d be able to burp and he’d lose all the carbonation. John got up and returned a few moments later with a cold two-litre bottle of soda and a long straw. He sat back down and put Sherlock’s head back in his lap, and put the straw to his lips. Sherlock put a hand on the bottle to steady it and began to drink.
John rose from his chair and walked to where Sherlock was standing at the stove. "I'm not sure if you can feel it yet, but it's moving right now. Give me your hands." John held them out, and Sherlock's eyes flickered upwards for a moment before he pressed them to his stomach.
“If I can fit her,” Sherlock said. Tess’s body felt too large inside him now. He’d been so sure of his capability only a few hours ago, but now, faced with the gargantuan effort of childbirth, he wasn’t so certain.
"Dog. You'll meet him when we go out to care for the sheep. For now, lunch." Sherlock set the basket on the worktop and put five eggs in the refrigerator, leaving the rest sitting out.
"I know, Sherlock, it's crowning, your baby's crowning. It's stretching the skin, that's why it burns. Don't push for a little while, okay? Let your body move it out, I don't want you to tear."
Sherlock nodded. He did - not much room, granted, but he didn’t feel as full as before, without the pressure from his trousers digging into his middle. He let out another burp that had bubbled up and said, “You can keep going.”
The faux heat flared stronger and brighter with every thrust and gasp and rake of fingernails on skin, until Sherlock was sweating and squirming, eyes wide and dark with lust. John above him was in a similar state, droplets beading on his furrowed forehead. Sherlock felt his rhythm start to falter and he was hit with a craving for John’s knot - something he hadn’t felt in years. But that wouldn’t happen, this was a false heat --
John couldn't help but laugh nervously at Sherlock's analysis. In a short period of time, it would be John checking Sherlock's body for dilation and labour, trying to feel their baby as it came out.
He settled onto the couch beside his mate, taking Sherlock's palm and turning it upwards. "I bought you something when I went to town to get groceries. The antique shop just outside of town? The cashier at the grocery said I might find something there."
Sherlock moaned and shook his head, eyes half-closed. “I already had dessert,” he said, shaking his head at the empty milkshake cup on the table.
"Our baby," Sherlock corrected gently, and sighed. "I suppose you're right. I think you'll be a more intuitive parent than I, though. You're much better at nurture."
John gathers up everything in the memory box and places it on the little table next to the cradle. Then, he gathers himself and goes downstairs.
They’d been quizzing Cara on the baby’s name for a little over a week, and it seemed that she was starting to make the connection that the wiggly thing inside mummy was going to be her little sister. It would be a little while longer until Tess arrived, but Cara had been too curious about mummy’s growing middle to keep from addressing it now.
John, and blinked. "I need a moment." And without waiting for John's reply, Sherlock strode out the back door and collapsed onto a step.
Greg glances back towards the main room and his brow creases a little with worry. "Where's Sherlock?"
Their kisses grew more and more intense, and at some point Sherlock found himself being tugged to his feet. He had to bend over now to kiss John, but it didn't really bother either of them. Their dinner sat forgotten on the table as their kisses and embraces became more heated, bodies pressing closer together and heating up until they were both sweating and saturating the air with pheromones.
John had moved Sherlock's gift into his vacated box stall bedroom, on the off chance that Sherlock would have the desire to take the car and discover his gift. It was just a small thing, more sentimental value than anything, but he hoped Sherlock would appreciate it. The metal was cool in his palm and the chain swung lightly back and forth as John walked back into the house, hiding the fob watch behind his back and out of Sherlock's line of sight.
The walk was slow going, in mud which was truly up to John's ankles. His wellies made slick sucking noises each time he slogged through a wet patch, and eventually decided to walk behind Sherlock instead of abreast him. It was obvious the man knew where to step, which patches would stay driest and hold their weight up. John was glad for a reprieve when Sherlock stopped partway up a rocky slope and picked a flat rock to perch on, but when he looked over he saw that the man was pasty white and breathing heavily.
“You hear that?” he said, turning back to the mirror and stroking his sides slowly. “Come out. All of us are ready for you.”
He will later doubt that he was making the sense he thought he was, but John understands. "You will," he murmurs, leaning in close and kissing Sherlock's brow. "You'll see everything, and I'm right here. You're doing fine. Just keep going."
"Male, mid thirties," Sherlock mumbled, and swept across the room to open the door. There stood a short man, dripping wet and chilled to the bone, and
“Her head. I know. The nurses showed me too, you know,” John said, scooping Joanna up and settling her in the crook of his arm. She didn’t so much as stir. “She’s so little,” he murmured, shaking his head and staring down at their daughter in awe. “I thought she’d be bigger, but she’s so tiny. How can fingernails even come that small?”
John snorted and put his paper down. “Trust me, you are still growing, and you have not reached maximum baby capacity. You have at least two more weeks, hopefully, before you reach maximum baby capacity. That’s the best outcome, at least.”
“And that’s okay,” John soothed, rubbing a little more firmly. Those muscles would give sooner or later, he knew. “You know how much I like to see your tummy. Let it out for me?”
Their spoons scraped the bottoms of their bowls before Sherlock spoke. "Omega pregnancies have a higher success rate with a Bonded Alpha," he started.
“No. I mean, we can eat it. All of it. When we get home.” John froze in place. “I know you have that...thing you like, with food. And here we are, with three coolers full of objectively very good food, enough for five people, ready to be warmed up and eaten. We could do that.”
That night marked the last night that John spent in the box stall. While he was out tending to the sheep with Victor, Sherlock moved all his things back inside, and although it worried John to have his…mate…doing manual labour while he was pregnant, he was inwardly overjoyed that Sherlock had cared enough to do something so sentimental.
Sherlock lets John hold his hand during the short service, but it’s limp in John’s grip. He fixes his steadfast gaze on the floor some three feet past the heartbreakingly tiny coffin and doesn’t move.
“Well, this isn’t how I anticipated I’d be dressing for our first anniversary dinner,” Sherlock said, settling the waistband of his trousers low on his hips and adjusting his shirt.
“Another girl, love,” John’s voice said, close to Sherlock’s ear. “You did it. You made two beautiful, perfect daughters.” He moved, and Sherlock felt the shifting of the cord and the snick of the scissors as it was cut, and then John wrapped the second one in another towel and started to clean Sherlock off a little.
Later, after she’d been burped, changed and redressed, John laid her down on her back in the bassinet by the side of the bed. “It’s time for us all to get some rest,” he said, turning off the lamp on his side of the bed and dimming the one on Sherlock’s. The clock flashed 11:46 p.m. - Sherlock had gone into labour at just past nine in the morning, delivered her at nine in the evening and fed her at 11 p.m. It had been a long day and tiring for everyone, but especially for Sherlock.
He seated himself at the bar and ordered a pint, checking his wallet surreptitiously to see just what all he'd be able to order before he wouldn't have enough to pay for his meal. He thumbed through three measly bills and shook out several pound coins before deciding he'd have to be relatively dry this evening unless he wanted to try and scarper out the loo window like he'd attempted last time. His shoulder twinged and John decided that he'd just as well pay for this particular meal and take care of tomorrow when it came.
The box slips from John’s grasp and falls softly onto the carpet as he doubles over, buries his face in his hands, and lets the tears come. His shoulders shake with sobs. They scrape his throat raw, catching until he chokes and nearly retches, but he can’t stop. He can’t breathe, and he still can’t stop. His vision goes dark and his head spins until he has to sink from the chair to the floor, onto his knees and then all fours and then just rolling over on his side and sobbing until he feels like he’ll never breathe again.
“Suppose that’s a good thing, though?” Molly said, then caught herself and explained. “I just mean - if you don’t have as many cases there, maybe crime is down, yeah? And, well, you’ve got -“
“And you’re going to be a dad,” Sherlock replied, and he laughed when John laughed through a fresh wave of happy tears.
She was heavy on his belly. A little purple, and very wet, but save for a few streaks of blood on her head and shoulders and tummy, she was clean. She had a few wisps of dark hair stuck to the very top of her head. Sherlock took her little hand, waving angrily in the air, and she clutched his finger tight. “Ten fingers,” he said wetly, “And ten toes.”
Nearly half an hour passed in which neither man spoke or made any real noise other than breathing. They could see sheep along the hillside, but they were at least another forty-five minutes' walk away. Suddenly, John remembered something Sherlock had said earlier. "Where's Victor?"
“I can’t,” Sherlock said, tears threatening at the corners of his eyes. Drawing enough breath to speak was painful, and he couldn’t stop touching his belly even though the lightest touch sent spines of pain through his bloated organ. “No more, John, please, no more.”
John gave Tess a proper bath, dressed her in a soft baby grow, and held her for a little while. Sherlock took an hour’s nap and woke up feeling a little less exhausted. “I want to feed her,” he said. John gave the baby back to Sherlock, who pulled his shirt up to bare a breast full of milk for their daughter. He held her to his nipple, fidgeting a bit until he remembered how best to hold a nursing baby, and then to his delight she rooted and took hold, suckling hungrily.
John made a thoughtful noise. “I have some soda,” he said, but he sounded a bit funny when he said it. Sherlock looked up. “I want you to drink it, but not burp. Let the gas build up. That’ll make you look even rounder.”
John kissed him, softly, carefully. “We can pretend it just wants me, if that helps,” he said, a smile playing across his lips.
somehow. He shifted experimentally on the sofa, back and forth a little, and he was surprised when a frisson of heat sparked up his spine and pulled a moan from his throat.
John kicked the mud off his wellies and slipped them off, setting them on the porch beside Sherlock's. "Oh, I'm sure. I can't imagine, though. Poor bloke. He doesn't even get anything good out of the deal."
They made it as far as the edge of Paddington Park Gardens before Sherlock got winded and had to sit down. He slumped on the bench, rubbing his belly slowly. Cara jumped in a pile of leaves that had just been raked, and John got up to go catch her before she did any more damage. “So, Tess,” Sherlock said ponderously. “What do you think?”
They stayed in until the water ran cold, and then Sherlock moved on unsteady legs out of the shower and into their bedroom. He almost collapsed on the bed, his ligaments loose to let Tess through and too loose to hold his hips steady. He closed his eyes against an oncoming pain, but pinned as he was on his back, he couldn’t do anything to head it off. He held John’s hand tight through the spasm, gasping and moaning through it.
Without much conscious effort, Sherlock found himself lying on his side in bed, with John stripping off his clothes and tossing them aside. The Alpha laid behind him and slid a thigh between Sherlock’s legs, using the friction to rub against him. Sherlock let out little gasping noises and ground down on John’s thigh. His movements were shorter and more labored than usual, but John didn’t seem to mind. Before long Sherlock felt the insistent press of John’s cock against his back, then against the curve of his arse, as John gripped what was left of his hips and used the grip as leverage to gain more friction and more contact.
John repeated the name. Sherlock could feel his laugh more than he could hear it, with John’s chest pressed against his upper back. “Yeah, I mean. I think that might be it.”
“Yeah,” John said, and picked up her damp body. He slid her between Sherlock’s thighs - cord too short to hold her otherwise - and Sherlock reached for her around the swell of his belly and then there she was against him.
"Of course," John grinned and leaned his head against Sherlock's shoulder. "You did really well last night, delivering Marjorie's calf and then your own baby. That was a lot of work."
Sherlock was almost too far gone to notice when John turned off the shower and toweled him off, helped him stand on shaky legs and stagger heavily to the bedroom. He paused at the bedside to squat again and make that same deep, primal noise, his whole body gripped by the muscle spasm that held his uterus in an iron grip. John helped him onto the bed and let him squat there again, squaring up in front of him so that Sherlock could hold any part of John to brace himself and do what his body told him to do.
“I don’t want to,” Sherlock said, his voice almost a whine even as his muscles trembled beneath John’s hand. “I look - I look fat.”
"Because it's a two hour walk out to where the sheep are, and I don't want to do it on an empty stomach, do you?"
Sherlock nodded. “I’ll be fine. It hurts now, but when your brother gets here, I won’t hurt anymore.”
“Slave driver,” John said, leaning forward with effort. He picked up the glass and drained it in one go, then raised one eyebrow. “If we’re keeping even on this, I think you need to finish off your water.”
"Oh!" John looked bemused. "I don't know. Nothing, really. I guess I just didn't want to call it an it."
“I still love carrying your babies after week thirty, they just don’t carry quite as easily after that point,” Sherlock said, leaning forward and bracing himself on John’s chest, then continuing to move. “You try to imagine how it feels to carry a wiggly football between your hips for forty weeks and then we’ll see who’s griping.”
John’s tongue circled the head of his cock and Sherlock cried out, pushing up into John’s mouth. The movement made his stuffed belly cramp and he cried out again, holding his distended belly, so close to coming that he was shaking now. Another long burst of pressure had his fingers scratching over his stomach, sure he’d pop open. John’s fingers dug into his belly, so pained and stuffed and crammed tight that it felt like John was going to pop him like a balloon. Sherlock howled and came, his stomach cramping as John pushed down and emptied the last of the whipped cream and gas into his ballooned body.
Sherlock nodded and moved, throwing his leg back over John’s thighs and letting John’s cock slide out, still hard. He eyed it hungrily. “Fuck me,” he said, his gaze raking up John’s body. “Fast and hard, until you come. And then I’m setting new rules.”
Each sip had him feeling more and more full, as the carbonation kept popping and expanding inside him. He could feel his stomach getting tighter and tighter with the gas and the drink. Intrigued by the feeling, he moved his body from side to side, making the liquid inside him slosh audibly. The pressure changed a little, the gas mixing with the liquid and making his stomach bubble. “Ough,” he said, clapping a hand to his stomach as the sloshing settled. “That’s…very full.”
“Hi.” John tipped his chin up to kiss Sherlock’s jaw. “Everything alright?” He briefly tightened his grip on Sherlock’s side, a reassuring squeeze.
John sat up and pressed a kiss to the corner of Sherlock's mouth, and then gazed down at their infant daughter. Nodding, he smiled. "Yes. Worth it."
Sherlock was quiet for a few minutes. He broke the silence with a short purr. “I’ll wait until I can’t stand it anymore, and then I’ll say goodbye to you and change. Once I switch, I’ll have to stay like that until they’re born, and for awhile after. If they’re kittens, I’ll probably stay as serval until they’re weaned. It could take…a long time, John,” he said, rolling over with a grunt and a wince to face his mate.
He leant forward and pushed himself up to stand. Using the bed post to steady himself, he stretched as much as he could, the muscles in his back straining to support the weight on his front. He took a few slow, waddling steps toward the en-suite, both hands rubbing the low curve of his belly. He waited until the door was closed to turn on the light. He ran himself a glass of water from the sink and sipped it slowly, trying to figure out what had woken him in the first place. Usually it was the need to pee, but not this time - perhaps something in the flat had made a sound. He used the loo anyway, just in case, and headed out to the kitchen instead of going back to bed. Something told him he wouldn’t be able to go back to sleep now.
"I know you are, love. Let's get you inside, okay?" Sherlock nodded and let John pull him to his feet, and it was all he could do to keep from crying out. His muscles were stiff from pulling Marjorie's calf, and now, from labour, and his back protested loudly as John balanced him.
John's cheeks heated as he realised Sherlock's implication, and decided to play along. "I am, and Marjorie should enjoy it."
"So…do you need qualifications or…I don't know, an interview, or something?" he asked, his gaze flitting to the man who was simply staring silently.
It was later, much later than they were planning to stay, by the time John bundled a tired and aching Sherlock into his coat and out the door. One glass of mulled wine had turned into several, and everyone but Sherlock was indulging merrily until night began to fall. Finally a rosy-cheeked John had looked out the window and startled, almost immediately wobbling to his feet in his haste to get Sherlock safely home before pitch dark set in.
"What I would do for you," Sherlock whispers, struck with reverence. "Everything, anything, for you."
He throws himself forward, backs Sherlock against the wall, grabs his wrist tightly, and drags it downward. Sherlock snarls and resists, but John is stronger just now. He presses Sherlock's hand against his stomach, over where their baby grew. Sherlock turns his head away, the muscles in his jaw flexing.
The baby’s body moved inside him, past the ring of his cervix and down the canal. The pleasure built again as he was stretched wide, but this time it was unrelenting - because the progress was so slow, the pleasure started to grate at him until it was almost unbearable. He was shaking with tension and strain, and the head seemed lodged inside him, not moving forward, but not moving back, either.
Sherlock took John’s hand in his own and slid it under his shirt, pressing his palm against his firm, warm skin. “You’re full of shit,” he said lovingly. “But I appreciate you trying to calm me down. It’s not working, but I appreciate it anyway.”
"Fucking- fuck me, John," Sherlock panted as he fell back against the mattress, spreading his legs and exposing himself to John.
Sherlock let out a low rumble, a thanks, and set to work severing the umbilical cord for their third kitten. Soon enough, the newest kitten was stumbling around the box just like its older sisters as Sherlock ate the placenta.
A change of sheets and a fresh gown followed quickly. The nurse confirmed he was just past seven centimeters and dilating quickly. Sherlock felt his composure slipping away as the minutes passed, contractions holding him in their grip every five minutes or so. The baby was low, very low, his head pressing against Sherlock’s dilating cervix and making his hips ache badly. He shifted constantly from side to back to his side again, unable to find relief from the pressure.
Sherlock awoke to the sound of a kettle boiling a few hours later. He sat up and scrubbed the sleep from his eyes, then winced at a dull pain in his back. He groaned when he got up and made a quick stop to the toilet on his way out to the kitchen, where John was waiting with two cups of tea. “Back hurts,” Sherlock sighed, sitting down gingerly on a chair. He took a sip of his tea.
“You sleep. Now,” John said, leaning over and kissing Sherlock’s forehead. “She’ll be here when you wake up, I promise. I won’t abscond with her whilst you’re asleep. God only knows I wouldn’t be able to handle a newborn baby by myself, let alone a newborn Holmes.”
“Oh, how I wish you’d have kept that thought to yourself,” Sherlock sighed, sliding his hands over his belly. “Turn the telly on. I’m bored, and if this is it we’ve got some waiting to do.”
With a sudden, slick rush, he was empty. The longest silence in the world stretched out, Sherlock’s ears ringing, until the room was filled with the sound of a newborn’s cries. Sherlock’s heart started again and fresh tears coursed down his face, and he held out his arms for his baby.
John made their second round of plates, and Sherlock noticed that his stomach was rounded, too. He sipped at his water whilst John portioned out the food - they were close to finishing the vegetables and turkey, but had a lot of mashed potatoes, stuffing, Yorkshire puddings and cranberry sauce to go.
Fact: Sherlock found himself getting attached, more metaphorically than physically (as 'physically' was already long completed), to his baby.
to, Sherlock. It's not exactly an option. There's one way this baby can come out, and it involves you and a lot of work. Come on, love. You can do it."
Sherlock makes a motion like a shrug, but without raising his shoulders all the way. “What do they care?”
At around 4:30 in the morning they decided that this was indeed actually happening. John went to call the emergency medical centre only to find that he had no cell signal, and the home phone line wasn’t working, either. “We’ll leave as soon as the roads are cleared,” John said, rubbing Sherlock’s back. “I don’t mind if we’re in for longer than we need to be, I’d just rather have you in hospital than stranded out here.”
Sherlock was glad that John was facing the other direction. His back was throbbing almost continually now, the dull ache he'd woken up with spreading out with each pulse and tightening his stomach. If he didn't know any better, he'd think that he was-
“Must be unpleasant,” John said, his hand resting where Sherlock left it, over the baby’s bottom. His belly had become just slightly lopsided as the baby settled, with more baby on his left side than on his right.
“No, probably not,” he replied, and stepped toward Sherlock to put his hands on his hips. His nose was just at the level of Sherlock’s neck, and he nuzzled carefully into the open vee of his shirt collar to press a kiss to his skin. “Growing in there. Hadn’t really noticed anything. But you really are pregnant, love. You’re going to have a baby.”
They set up a nursery in John’s old bedroom. Sherlock sits on the floor, belly prominent on his middle, and watches John set up twin bassinets. They don’t know yet how many there are - something about Sherlock’s condition defies diagnosis with human technology - but they know there are at least two, maybe three. They can’t estimate by his size, either, because they don’t know whether the kittens are more like Sherlock or more like John, or are entirely serval as Sherlock was when he was born. It’s hard to predict anything. Regardless, they’ll be able to double up in bassinets for a short time if they need to.
“You’ll have that back before long,” John assured, standing up on his tiptoes to kiss Sherlock’s full lips. “For now, I’m happy to enjoy your body exactly the way it is.”
"Oh, bugger." Sherlock grumbled and pushed himself up onto elbows, his back smarting as he did so. "How's she acting?"
Sherlock let out a high whimper and did as he was told, releasing his abdominal muscles. His skin seemed to expand under John’s palm, revealing a full belly that Sherlock had been holding in since they’d left the restaurant earlier that night. He looked down and let out a pained noise.
The heat is like every other, and like no other they’ve ever spent together before. Sherlock has always found himself embarrassingly unable to modulate his emotions in the throes of the fever, though it has never presented too much of a problem before. But this time, it is overwhelming. The longing and the terror swell up until they are almost unbearable. Sherlock is grasping and needy, the lust tangled with something more tender and profound. He clutches at John and says “please,” and John, his John, his wonderful John, gives him what he needs.
"That doesn't matter." The man waved a hand distractedly. "Your shoulder - it is healing well, I presume? I doubt a cross-country trip of Scotland was what your GP suggested."
Eventually, John set their firstborn down in the box and, with Sherlock’s permission, picked the second one up. It seemed equally lost in the arms of a human, but went quiet when John held it close and kept it warm. Sherlock repeated his pantomime and John obliged. “Another girl,” he said, and Sherlock nodded. The cat seemed tired but proud, and John was proud of him.
"Okay," John replied slowly, patting the nearest cow - Agnes? - on the rump. She didn't twitch, instead stood placidly without even looking around. "So…do we do that now?"
“Joanna is coming to visit,” John said on a Tuesday morning, looking at his mobile. “She said she and Cameron have a weekend off and wanted to visit.”
Sherlock felt his first contraction a quarter-hour later. He was still in the bath when it came, gripping his belly weakly and then growing stronger and stronger until he winced and shifted in its grasp. It held on for twenty seconds and then released, and he felt another powerful wave of nausea roll through him - though thankfully, not a productive one. “John,” he called out, eyes closed, arm dangling from the edge of the tub. “I just had a contraction.”
“I can probably last another week,” Sherlock said, grabbing John’s hand and dragging it to rest on his full belly.
One night, after Sherlock has gone to bed, John is watching something—he’s not sure what anymore—on the telly when he hears a quiet knock on the door. He stiffens, knowing it’s Mrs. Hudson. She’d left them alone for a few days, but it was time to talk, John supposed. A tear grows fat on his lower eyelid as he remembers—Mrs. Hudson was going to be the baby’s godmother, her honorary grandmother.
"Nothing. I lied. That was a test. She's the worst; if you had managed to get her eggs from under her without her biting you I would've let you do the rest yourself. Settle down, hen, I swear I've no idea why I keep you around." Sherlock slid his arm under, looking in the hen's eyes warningly, and withdrew two smooth white eggs.
He washed his hands and went back to bed, staring determinedly at the back of John’s neck until he fell asleep again.
“Nothing to worry about, darling. You’re doing very well with your puzzle,” he said, redirecting. He took a few slow, swaying steps closer to Soren, looking down at the half-finished puzzle on the carpet. “The missing edge piece is just over there.” He pointed at a piece that had gotten kicked off to Soren’s right.
“Quietly,” he heard John whisper as he opened the door. Cara ran quickly to the side of the bed and climbed up, and Mrs. Hudson was only a little slower to arrive. “There she is,” John said proudly, putting a hand on Sherlock’s knee.
Another laugh, louder this time, somewhere between a bark and a guffaw. “Are you serious? Of course I am.”
“Remember when we talked about acceptable reasons to wake me up in the middle of the night?” John slurred, squinting through the darkness to find Sherlock’s form beside him.
John paused after the head was sheathed, because Sherlock’s thighs were trembling and he was gulping in air like he was in danger of drowning. Plus, John needed the moment as well; Sherlock was so warm inside, and the clench of his muscles so unforgiving, that this could all be over very quickly if he wasn’t careful.
“Of course not.” Yet another lie. John was his sole reason for contacting Ella Thompson in the first place. His first session consisted almost entirely of him begging her to tell him what to do about John.
It’s both a blessing and a curse, John’s ignorance. John will never understand that, with three words a matter of years ago, he singlehandedly made Sherlock Holmes—just as, with five words a matter of weeks ago, he singlehandedly wrecked Sherlock Holmes. That John could show up on his doorstep with three daughters, a stray cat, a dying dog, and the rotting corpse of the Prime Minister, and Sherlock would offer his home, his resources, his protection without hesitation.
“There was part of me that was just glad it wasn’t him. Because if I’d had to watch him die again, it would’ve fucking killed me.”
“We can stop,” John says, still rubbing at Sherlock’s skin. “It’s no problem. There’s nothing wrong with changing your mind, you know. Or we can try again another time if you—”
“Ah,” John said. “Right. I, erm. Thought that little Italian place just off Marylebone High Street. It’s been there for ages, but we’ve never been. So I thought… I dunno.”
John couldn’t help it. He twitched, frotting weakly against Sherlock’s leg. His cock gave a sweet, pitiful pulse and nearly spilled in his pants.
Then he strode back to the living room, stood in front of John with the coffee table between then, and slammed the box down on top of it.
(‘question’), of course I didn’t have to look up the proper grammatical terms. Just because you’ve dispensed with primary school grammar lessons doesn’t mean the rest of us have.
A case? John’s breath caught. He remembered Islington, his failure and Sherlock’s foul mood after, and then he remembered what Sherlock had said last night: that he’d been trying to get an interesting case for
“Sure,” he said, forced casual. “I mean, we don’t really know everything that’s out there, do we? The things that are beyond our understanding, that science doesn’t have an explanation for. Cold spots and all that.”
“Christ,” she said around a gasp. It always surprised her. How many years had she been masturbating now, and still every time she did, she was still caught off guard by how glorious it felt. Why did she ever leave her bed? Why didn’t she do this all the bloody time? “Oh my
Now that John was paying attention, he could hear the distress in her voice. And Sherlock evidently could hear it as well, as he let go of John and spun hastily around.
He remembered the dream so vividly only because he was woken in the middle of it by the phone buzzing loudly on top of the desk.
Perhaps, when John had satisfied herself, she’d let Sherlock sit up and have her again like that. Bounce her in Sherlock’s lap while Sherlock mouthed at her smooth, lovely breasts and suckled at her nipples until each one was a hard wet pebble and John’s hands were knotted in Sherlock’s curls, holding on for dear life as Sherlock fucked her through another orgasm or three.
” The word was half shouted right in John’s ear, and John fought the urge to flinch away from it. “Of course!”
of the opinion, rather. Since he met you, Sherlock has gone to great lengths to ensure you don’t suspect how very
John wets his bottom lip with a quick swipe of his tongue, and his eyes narrow, his forehead wrinkling as he concentrates. Superimposing his knowledge of human anatomy onto Sherlock’s body, plotting his first incision.
A week later, John woke to an email from the fetish site in his inbox: a notification that 071411120418 had added John as a friend.
It was only then that Sherlock recalled he was still fully dressed. That he would have to, at the very least, remove his trousers to proceed. He began to do so, but his hands were sweaty and shaking; both the button and zip slipped in grip, ruining his attempt at haste. Removing his trousers once they were undone proved even more difficult, as it required him to sit properly.
“Sherlock,” John says, touching the sleeve of Sherlock’s coat. It’s a tender, familiar touch. A dead giveaway on its own that Lestrade again fails to see.
Then, to Sherlock’s surprise, he bent over to lay a kiss on the top of Sherlock’s head. Lightly, barely even ruffling Sherlock’s curls. Before Sherlock could stop himself, he was raising his head instinctively: inviting John to kiss his forehead, which he did with a pleased hum. Despite himself, Sherlock felt affection swell like a bellows in his chest.
“Here,” he’s saying. “It’s time to eat. Christ, if you’re not hungry, what do you fucking want?” And then: “God
“Unh!” he said, and heard Sherlock echo him, although whether it was in response to the groan or the photo, he didn’t know. Didn’t care, really. He slipped so easily into the sleeve, so quickly and smoothly he barely felt the ridges as his cock skidded over them, hardly felt any friction at all in fact. Just the quick, wet glide and then the suction. Like he was being sucked right in and cradled sweetly.
But John, occasionally brilliant John, understood. His expression went so soft, so plainly adoring that Sherlock’s heart swelled in his abused throat. “All right,” John said.
He also has a mole on his back to the right of vertebra T10, and another a bit lower where the waistband of his pants sits just above the swell of his arse. Individual freckles dot his legs in various places, and there’s an isolated burst of them on his right bicep.
Sherlock smiled back, so soft and affectionate that John was mentally transported to the previous night: Sherlock curling up beside him and kissing his shoulder tenderly. “A bit.”
Still, it wasn’t all that different from before. John still needed more. More fucking her raw, less bothering with her clit. God, she wouldn’t even complain if she didn’t get off at all. If she limped out of this cubicle with her clit still swollen and throbbing, her pussy still drooling wetness and wanting more. In the lift, soaking through her knickers. In the cab back to Baker Street, Sherlock watching her squirm—maybe even Sherlock slipping a hand between her thighs and letting John squeeze it, rub against it, biting her lip to stay quiet so the cabbie wouldn’t know what they were up to.
Of course he knew that, on some level. Maybe. He’d known of Sherlock’s self-confessed asexuality for a long time, but admittedly he was a little ignorant on the specifics of what exactly that meant. He’d always assumed that Sherlock couldn’t grow close to another person in that way, even romantically. But this very much sounded like a confession to him.
John rises to his feet so fast it makes him dizzy. He cringes, sucking air through his teeth. “Tomorrow? Sorry, I can’t go. I’m totally swamped this week. The surgery is understaffed and I’ve been filling in for someone on maternity leave.” He turns to the sink, wringing out the tea-soaked cloth over the drain. Any excuse to hide his face, though Sherlock can still probably tell the lie for what it is just by the tone of his voice.
His jaw clenches. He shouldn’t have to put up with this nonsense. The worst of it is that John will get angry at
Sherlock looked thoughtful for a minute. “I suppose,” he began slowly, “Anything is fine, but I wouldn’t suggest attempting to stimulate my penis. I’m not
…” John’s mouth fell open as he came suddenly, Sherlock’s hand not slowing down as he started spurting over his chest, hips jerking forward and stomach muscles squeezing tight. It forced a long, broken moan out of him, and he curled over slightly, his supporting arms weakening but managing to keep him upright. As the intensity receded and it begun to feel over-sensitive he had to still Sherlock’s hand, which hadn’t stopped or slowed during the whole of his climax, milking him to the very last drop.
Whatever the reason may be, Sherlock trusts and cares for him on an unprecedented level. The thought rouses a wave of butterflies in his stomach that has nothing to do with his seasickness.
The spinning bottle selected its next contestant. Sherlock grimaced, but nevertheless stood up to take his duty as kissee. He smoothed down his shirt, snatched the scarf from Greg and sat in the chair. Securing the blindfold (it already smelled of Lestrade,
He tries. The second his nose goes under, his arms start to flail in panic. Sprays of water arc overhead until he manages to pull himself upright again, sputtering for air. “I can’t.”
And just like that, his mood plummets like a lead anchor. “Lovely,” he growls, what resolve he had moments before dissolving like acid in his gut. “Always on the pull. Glad your priorities are in order, but do try to remember why we’re here. Sex traffickers, lives at stake, that sort of thing? You can let your mind wander south later when we’ve done our job.”
It's an accusation. True to form, Sherlock’s quicksilver mind has flipped from confusion to cold suspicion like the flicking of a light switch. John tries for apologetic nonchalance as he carefully picks the shards of his teacup off the floor, gathering them in the palm of his other hand. “I’d love to go, Sherlock. I really would. But I do have a lot to be getting on with here, unfortunately.”
Sherlock laughs freely. “You’ll have to get me here. We both know I can outrun you on dry land. Come on, you can do better than that!”
But the thought occurs that, in this theoretical other life, they might never have met. Given John’s unfortunate neurosis, he doubts that their paths would have crossed at all. John wouldn’t set foot on a ship unless he was being marched off to war. Sherlock pushes the notion aside. What a depressing idea. But it does make him wonder: When did John’s presence become a
Everybody always said that Sherlock was an arsehole; socially inept, incapable of sentiment. What they didn’t know is that he simply reserved those feelings for the few people he truly considered important to him, and John was lucky enough to be counted among them. They were both mature and comfortable enough in themselves that this odd arrangement seemed to work, and after that first time, John felt much better about going out to places, so long as Sherlock was there with him, keeping him safe.
She’s really serious about this. Something about her tells him she usually gets what she wants. He’s not quite sure whether he should be cheering his good fortune, or insulted by what was clearly a sexual ambush. Speech failing him, all he can do is stare at her. How is he supposed to make rational decisions when there’s an imbalance being created in the blood flow between his brain and another region entirely?
“So I assume the failsafe worked?” Sherlock asks. “You wouldn’t be standing there looking so disgustingly chipper otherwise.”
“Why?” Sherlock countered impatiently. “If I already know who it is, it’s not going to make any difference whether I wait or not, is it? Next!”
But the way Sherlock was touching him, kissing him— there was a physical hunger there, too. Needy little noises spilled from both their throats, hearts pounding and lungs gasping for air. But even as he pressed close, their hips grinding together against the wall of his room, Sherlock remained modest and soft between his legs.
That's probably true; the less they speak to the staff, the better. If they let anything slip it could prove disasterous, but John knows this already and probably wouldn't take kindly to a reminder, however well-intentioned he would mean it. The last thing he wants to do is disappoint John again by showing so little faith in him. In fact, he's coping well so far; he's earned a break. The feel of solid earth under his feet for a few hours wouldn't hurt, and might be just the boost he needs for what Sherlock has planned tomorrow.
Fortunately for the would-be victim, John is an incorrigible flirt— and there’s the first and undoubtedly only time that sad fact will ever come to his advantage. She got lucky. If he hadn’t been here, nobody would have spotted the danger before it was too late. Sherlock definitely would never have given her a second glance.
He can’t stop thinking about all the times they’ve stood in the hallway of their flat and shared a long, burning look, breathless as they came down from the adrenaline of a case. It was almost like they were waiting for something to happen next, or for one of them to make a move and… do what, exactly? He always tried so hard not to think about it. He used to pretend it was his imagination, just his brain playing tricks — intrusive thoughts, the call of the void, whatever you’d call it — but there was a part of him that dared to believe it could be real, and he was afraid of its potential, as if that gap between them could close so effortlessly if only one of them was brave enough to take initiative.
It suited him. It was an odd thought, but John could imagine him walking around the house like this, completely naked, and he would look as prim and as elegant as he did in any of his tailored suits.
“Sherlock—” John gasped, and then Sherlock’s soft, cupid-bow lips were pressed against his. Almost chaste, at first, but John’s current state and the reality of what was happening was tearing through him like a falling meteor, and he couldn’t hold back any longer. The kiss quickly turned carnal, and at the first insistence of John’s tongue, Sherlock’s lips parted and allowed him inside.
“What now?” John asked, shoving aside his shame and anxiety and focusing on the problem at hand. There would be time to examine the fallout from this later. Pale light flooded the cramped space when Sherlock switched on his phone, and both of them squinted while their eyes got used to the glare.
The ward is bright and airy and nothing at all like how he feels watching Sherlock languish in that room, surrounded by the equipment that, for now, is keeping him alive.
He wrenches his hand out of John’s grip. “This will be faster with both hands free,” he breathes, hoping that John will buy the lie. “Let me swim behind you. Slipstream like fish and jet fighters do.”
Sherlock’s narrow eyes peel themselves open, unfocused and dim. As soon as they recognise him, they fall shut again beneath a furrowed brow. His cracked lips part on an exhale. “You idiot,” he murmurs.
“Are you in pain?” he asks, testing Sherlock’s pupil response with a penlight. “I can call someone to unlock the settings if it’s not enough.”
anything?” he asked finally. “There doesn’t seem to be any textbook definition that fits our particular relationship. And yes, I’ve searched.” Then hesitantly, he reached over and took John’s hand in his, squeezing it gently. “But does that matter? You’re… important to me, John. Maybe more than you quite realise. I would do anything for you. Whatever that means, is what we are.”
The worry melts from Sherlock’s pallid face, and John is privately glad. He doesn’t know what he would do with himself otherwise; there’s nowhere else he’d rather be but here, supporting and taking care of him. In only three short days he’d grown to miss Sherlock’s deep voice, the spark of life in his eyes, the flourish of his coat as he made a dramatic exit from a room in his unmistakable style. John drinks up every word, every glance, every movement like a thirsty man crawling out of the desert and back into civilisation.
Sherlock swallows back the rising bile in his throat. These people are animals; it’s clear they’ll give him no quarter. He’s cornered and outnumbered. His only options: Fight, or flight. He could take Mikhail on, armed as he is with a weapon he clearly doesn’t know how to use effectively. But isn’t that what John must have thought, too? Of the two of them, John is the better fighter. He couldn’t have missed it.
“I’d be happy to watch the rest, only I’m quite sure a number of people around us are aware of what really just happened.”
Hard, grey eyes look John up and down, clearly assessing his strength. Mikhail must not think much of him, because his mouth pulls into a slow, ugly grin, and when he speaks, his voice is low and hostile, with a treacle-thick accent. “This is not place for passenger. This is staff only. Go back to public area, nosey little man, or I call security.”
Sherlock opened his eyes then, and fixed John with the kind of intense, penetrating look that he usually reserved for crime scenes, and it was clear he understood exactly what John needed. John felt him reaching in and exploring everything, stripping him bare; a spotlight shining across the landscape of his inner self, unapologetic, unreserved. The sudden vulnerable exposure was so shocking that it sent him flying over the edge with a choked gasp.
John rubs his eyes. That explains a lot. “There’s a lot more nuance to exposure therapy than simply dumping the person in a tank of their worst fears, you know.”
The memory puts a smile on his damp face. The stars will know why he did this, and only they will hear the one thing he always wished he could have had the bravery to say by the end of it all. If there was ever an appropriate time to give up, to admit defeat, now feels right.
John laughs at that; a fond, breathless sound. He paddles awkwardly the rest of the way back over to him, reaching out to take Sherlock’s hand. As they draw close, his smile fades. Even he must be sensing their dwindling prospects of survival. “Really though, isn’t there anything?”
But all his carefully laid plans went to hell in a handbasket when he actually made contact. He hadn’t anticipated the effect such a simple touch would have, and he’d failed to account for the rest of his senses conspiring against him in that moment. The smell of John’s skin, his aftershave, the alcohol on his breath. The gentle sounds of his breathing, the feel of it rush against his mouth when their noses slid together. The slight wetness of his lips, where John had subconsciously licked them just a moment before. How unbelievably soft it felt, how pliant, how movable; he was trying to catalogue the sensation, but his mind filled with images of morning sunshine and biscuits with tea and ridiculous jumpers and John’s eyes, John’s smile, John’s laugh.
Molly and Mrs Hudson giggled at him. He glared at his finger for a moment, eventually solving the problem by putting his glass down.
Mindy’s devilish eyes linger on him and John turns back to his phone, in part to avoid her increasingly uncomfortable questions, but also curious as to how Sherlock managed to find one of his favourite rooms in the most unlikely setting.
Something warm and comforting closes around his hand, calming him. He looks down at the handrail and sees only his own hand there.
His remembers the shock he felt when the words slipped out. He hadn’t meant to lay it out there in such stark terms, but it’s no lie. He wonders if Sherlock remembers it? And if he does, could he feel the same…?
“Oh, they’re, um. Yeah, healing well,” he says, glancing at them. The skin beneath his bandages is sore and itchy, but he’s trying not to aggravate them. It’s a good thing he has strong self-control.
Sherlock makes a weak protest, but barely seems to have the strength to move. He beats a fist between John’s shoulderblades. “Leave me here, you fool.”
Sherlock’s eyes squeeze shut, pressing out the moisture that had been building along their rims. John is stunned. He’s seen Sherlock cry stage tears before but never genuine, emotional ones. This is a first. The tears track down his face, and John can’t resist an overwhelming urge to reach out and gently swipe his thumbs across Sherlock’s harsh, pale cheekbones.
John isn’t dissuaded. “Show me where.” Reluctantly, Sherlock guides his hand to his side, hissing when John’s fingers pass over the torn skin and flesh. John gets a grave look on his face. “This backstroke, think you’ll be able to manage it?”
Molly blushed at having been excluded from the list of John’s undesirables. Nobody mentioned how Sherlock was also excluded, but Anderson wiggled his eyebrows at Mrs Hudson, who caught his meaning and couldn’t hide her coy smile. Sherlock noticed the secret exchange, of course. He noticed everything. But he didn’t understand it, so settled on narrowing his eyes at them in suspicion.
That’s usually a safe assumption. But right now they’re alone with no way to call for help. It’s the pitch black of night in the middle of the Mediterranean sea, and nobody on board the Aurora will notice their absence until the ship docks at Naples. That’s ten hours away, at least. The search and rescue will take even longer.
“Hm?” He glances across at her. The waitress, Mindy, sits opposite him at a table in the café where she first served him four days ago. Of the crewmembers John has spoken to, Mindy has been the most receptive to his questions. She’s also an unapologetic flirt; her advances on him have been relentless. “Oh, this? Not exactly. Puzzling is more like it. But that’s nothing unusual.”
The water sits calm and undisturbed sixteen feet beneath the pool’s smallest diving platform. John glances across at him. “What’s that?”
John sat in a dazed, happy state. Having given him a few minutes to recover, Sherlock cleared his throat. “I think we should call it a day, don’t you?”
John seats himself on the edge of the bed. “I ‘spose it does sound a bit teen,” he muses. He puts his hand back in Sherlock’s hair, almost for the simple fact that this is something he can do freely now, without the lingering sense that it’s overstepping some invisible boundary. But mostly because when he does, Sherlock presses into the touch like a cat being stroked. “What would be better, then? Husband?”
His heart is pounding beneath his ribs and he can’t seem to stop, the excuses spilling out of him uncontrollably. When he turns back around, Sherlock is staring at him wide-eyed, mouth hanging slightly ajar.
So after finding himself dosed, and spending the rest of the night with an erection that just won't quit, he’d begged John to take them home and help him deal with it.
Sitting back down beside him, John stretches his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders, hugging him closer. And whether he goes willingly, or simply doesn’t have the energy to resist, Sherlock tilts into him with a soft sigh. He lays his head on John’s shoulder, whispering miserably.
?!'" he exclaims, a little louder than intended in the quiet cabin. What does that even mean? Is that John's nickname for him, or something he picked up from Lestrade's crew of braying hyenas? He leans closer, hushing his voice. “First of all, that makes absolutely no sense. I am not
He made a move to haul himself upright, but Sherlock stopped him with a finger to John’s lips. “Stay there. I’ll grab something.”
He felt a tugging at his jeans then, the zipper sliding open, and Sherlock moved to delve beneath the waistband of his pants towards the centre of John’s aching need. It took a great deal of willpower to catch Sherlock’s wrist, stopping it before his hand could find its prize.
They held each other’s gaze for what felt like an eternity before Sherlock responded. “…Would that bother you?”
Frustrated and upset by his own outburst, John’s pace picked up considerably. Sherlock, with his long legs, easily kept pace; now that John was opening up a little, he was not about to let this go easily.
His shoulder lifts in a perfect imitation of his brother. “As a last resort. But why sacrifice when there are viable alternatives? He will do fine. The donor was carefully selected, I assure you.”
“Sorry,” John shook his head, still grinning at the mental image. At this entire situation. This was ridiculous; here they were, trapped in a car boot, tied together with Sherlock frotting against him as if his life depended on it, because it actually did. John’s mind stuck picturing Mycroft in a brassier and lacy panties. Ripples of laughter ran through him, made unsteady by Sherlock’s movements.
That was more like it. Everyone loosened up over the course of several increasingly risque rounds, at which point a devious gleam lit up in Greg’s eyes. It was time for a new game.
“Please let me save him,” he tries again, appealing desperately to whatever might exist of Mikhail’s humanity. “You don’t want to become murderers, do you? That’s not part of the job. If you let me call for help, I swear to you we’ll leave quietly. You won’t hear from us again, I give you my word.”
“Fuck— whoops. Sorry!” They shared a giggle as John sat up on his elbows. “So, um… I don’t want you to do anything you’re uncomfortable with. But if you’re okay with it, I would really like to see you without those clothes on,” he asked hopefully.
From there, Sherlock was aware of nothing but the taste of salt in his mouth and the muted throb of John’s pulse against his tongue, growing stronger as his teeth sank deeper. Blood leaking from the broken capillaries, collecting under the injured tissue. John’s flesh swelling, body struggling to heal—
” with such genuine satisfaction in his tone that John shivered just remembering it—then fine. It was fine. It didn’t matter that he hadn’t needed or even really wanted new clothes. And it certainly didn’t matter that John would never be able to do the same. That John had quite literally nothing to offer Sherlock in return.
John drew back, his face already turned away. He wouldn’t look at Sherlock. God knew what Sherlock would see if he did.
Of course Sherlock did. It was obvious, wasn’t it? One needed only a basic understanding of genetics to see it, which John certainly possesses.
He struck another match, tossed it to the floor as well, and dashed towards John. John expected more, another lamp or Sherlock to get thrown through the air, but Sherlock clasped the other end of the cot and wrenched it away from John without difficulty.
He could have stood behind her and slipped into her before she was even fully wet. Rocked his cock into her until she was squirming and gasping, reaching between her thighs to touch herself as she was fucked nice and slow and deep.
,” he said again, sounding gutted as his fingertips rubbed curiously along the cuff, feeling how the cotton stretched over John’s ankle.
“Good, good kitty,” John was murmuring, stroking Sherlock’s face with his free hand. Whimpering, Sherlock raised his chin and nuzzled John’s palm. “Oh, you lovely thing. My brilliant, perfect pet.” A firm, slow drag of his fingertips over Sherlock’s prostate, and Sherlock’s whole body shook as he whined, feeling his prick pulse and leak a fat dribble of precome. “That’s it. Make a mess of my jeans. Now everyone who looks at me will know what a needy kitty I’ve got.”
John obeyed, although he felt perfectly ridiculous like that. With the Fleshlight in the middle of his pillow and John gripping the cylinder with one hand, putting his weight on it so the sleeve part of it was tilted up: ready for his prick. He needed his other hand to hold the phone against his ear, which left him nothing to use to keep himself upright and steady. He found himself pitching forwards, lying almost flat atop the pillow with his forehead mashed against the headboard.
things, to feel productive and useful, and became quite tetchy when Sherlock suggested the surgery was a waste of John’s time and energy—even though it obviously was.
She pushed John face-first into walls and doors and bent her over every piece of furniture in the flat that could carry their combined weight, all to put her closer to that little fabric strip and the healing bite mark it covered.
“Sleep in mine,” Sherlock says, and doesn’t consider his wording until John goes stone-stiff beside him. Then he feels rather like Molly, blushing and stammering. “Not…. Not that. I mean…. Look, I sleep less than you, certainly less than her. I can talk to Mrs Hudson about putting a bed in 221C so that when I sleep, I can sleep there. Rosie can have your room, and you can take mine.”
“Thank you, Mrs Hudson,” Mycroft says with a smile so false and simpering—intentionally so, of course, he never does anything without reason—that Sherlock can’t help but roll his eyes.
The second link took him to a porn site, where a video immediately began playing of a man arranging himself facedown on a bed with a vibrator (similar in shape and size to the one Sherlock had linked him to, but nowhere near as expensive) beneath him. As John watched, the man manoeuvred the toy so that it lay lengthwise against his fraenulum and then he began to frot gently against it.
Tender protectiveness welled up in John like smoke, making his throat feel tight and his mouth dry. He wet his lips, curled his arms around Sherlock’s trembling frame, and nuzzled Sherlock’s cheekbones, kissed his temple. Immediately, Sherlock leaned into him—as much as he could, anyway, which was little more than a tilt of his head and a twitch of his nearest elbow.
Sherlock planted her palms on the bed and raised herself so that she could look between their bodies, watching as John’s bottom dimpled and quivered when Sherlock thrust against it. The sight—what was it about this sight? It scrambled her brain, caused her chest and groin to feel tight, made her gnaw her bottom lip to keep from crying at how she never wanted it to stop.
Sherlock shrugged and lifted his own wine glass for another sip. It wasn’t the best vintage, but neither was it terrible.
In an attempt to move past his fixation, John agreed to meet up with some of the rugby lads from Blackheath at a pub. They hadn’t changed since John had last seen them. Still downing pints like they were in their twenties, still taking the mick out of each other and laughing loud and long, while John was tipsy after only one pint and ducked his head when he chuckled weakly and said very little about himself.
“Fuck,” John groaned. Tried to, anyway, although with the lip-biting, the swear was muffled and incomprehensible. He swayed unsteadily, caught between the instinct to thrust and the desire to sit back and let it happen.
No, and Sherlock very much intends to undress John entirely. Divest him of his vest, trousers, pants, and socks.
Almost as soon as the stranger began to wee, Sherlock—who was just as still and alert as John—seemed to come alive and kissed John’s hair, tightened her arm around John’s chest, and began to move her fingers again. Using shallow wrist movements this time, rather than full-arm ones, so she wasn’t really thrusting any longer: just rocking in and out gently, leisurely.
“Something happened,” Sherlock said. “He said something to upset you. Something unexpected. You were optimistic about him. You packed a toothbrush, a small bottle of water-based lubrication, a vibrator, and extra condoms in your handbag; you had every intention of spending the night, yet—”
“Because they were marks that you made,” John says, in the same voice as when he unearths some new element of popular culture to be astounded that Sherlock isn’t familiar with. “Because you’re a possessive git and you
The most brutal of the bite marks—most of which were flushed a dusky pink—was the one on John’s nape. Which, Sherlock saw now, actually did partly overlap the faded one, albeit only slightly, like a pair of joined rings. The entire area was swollen and bluish, although the outline of Sherlock’s teeth was darker, almost burgundy, and startlingly clear.
Only to close it again, his teeth making a cartoonish clacking sound, a second later when he throws open the fridge door and sees inside it.
He didn’t bother with finesse or technique. He swallowed John’s prick as deep down his throat as it would go and sucked until the faintly salty aftertaste of piss flooded his taste buds, until John was gasping like he was dying and gripping Sherlock’s hair like a lifeline, until John’s cock had hardened so much that Sherlock’s jaw ached and his throat was so full it felt like it would burst.
When Sherlock finally gave in and shoved his pyjama bottoms down, it only took four strokes before he was coming, shooting semen all over John’s bedroom floor and his own clothes. The aftershocks wracked him like a tree in a storm, and he sat panting and shuddering until the shame and horror set in.
When it was nearly time to meet Sherlock for dinner—which he absolutely wasn’t going to skip, John Watson had never backed down from anything in his life—John debated taking his cane with him, just in case, but ultimately dismissed the idea.
John put a stop to that as well and fairly plastered himself to Sherlock’s side, narrowly avoiding splashing his cup of blood all over them both.
Sherlock is on him before he can even set the plug aside. It falls to the floor, smearing lubricant on the carpet, as John is mounted. Sherlock plants his paws on John’s shoulder blades, claws digging into skin, and forces John’s chest to the floor, holding him down with his arse in the air so his slick, loosened hole can be filled with Sherlock’s cock.
When the collar and the black cat ears he sometimes paired it with were arranged artfully on the still-bundled bedsheets—not that John would care about artfulness, but Sherlock saw no point in bothering with any of it if he wasn’t going to put forth his best effort—Sherlock fetched his mobile phone and snapped a photo of the items on the bed. Then he texted it to John and sat down to wait.
John cleaned himself as best he could in the sink and then simply stood, patting his face dry with a towel and watching himself in the mirror, thinking about what he’d just done. Having sex with Sherlock, sleeping in Sherlock’s bed. Exactly as he’d promised himself years ago—before Mary, before Moriarty even—that he wouldn’t do, no matter how strongly the thought sometimes (often) appealled.
Of course it had. It had slipped from Sherlock’s pocket and, with his tossing and turning, had ended up nearer to John than him. At least he could still feel the bulge of the condoms in his other pocket, although that was slim comfort.
“Notes on some of my more interesting cases. Autopsy reports, crime scene photos, a few signed confessions.”
The last word snapped presumably because John was staring at him, shocked. “You… How on earth do you know the current theory on ghosts?”
That might’ve been true. It was hard to tell the exact shade in this low lighting. But the colour was similar enough that John suspected it wasn’t a coincidence.
She meant to drop trou entirely, but once her trousers were open and her jumper rucked up to her ribs, exposing the front of her knickers (plain grey cotton ones, she hadn’t planned on being shagged today), Sherlock slid a hand inside them—taking up the same position as before, except that now she was cupping John’s bare skin, and when she pressed in with her middle finger, it slipped past John’s labia and very nearly inside John’s cunt.
“Fuck,” she moaned, shuddering. With Sherlock’s thumbs keeping her spread, Sherlock could see her clench around the toy, the muscles squeezing and relaxing so quickly it looked like her cunt was throbbing. “Oh Christ.”
, he told himself, pumping once, tracing the most prominent vein with his thumb. He watched his fist nudge the foreskin over his cock head before drawing it back. He felt the sweet kiss of sensitivity when he was exposed. His eyes drifted shut, and his head dropped back. The water beat down on his crown and streamed down his nape to his back and his bum.
Yeah I have read about your case, though I’ve not been following it closely. Mr and Mrs Spirson, right? A shame if they got caught up in something awful. You’re right that in the photo he looks like a right bastard, something about his eyes I think, but she looks kind.
John began to chuckle but was cut off when Sherlock swooped down to kiss him again, bringing yet another cloud of cigarette smoke. This time John went ahead and coughed and turned away.
It’s meant to be quick, little more than a mashing of his lips against John’s before John recoils in surprise, but John doesn’t recoil. Rather, John’s mouth goes slack even as the rest of his body goes rigid, and it’s very nearly a proper kiss. John’s bottom lip is trapped between both of Sherlock’s, soft and dry, and his breath fans over Sherlock’s philtrum.
Footsteps on the stairs startled Sherlock from his reverie. He’d only just identified them as John’s when the door flung open and John’s boots appeared in Sherlock’s vision. They were newly scuffed. He’d come back to the flat in a hurry, jogging part of the way.
It did. The blood tasted darker, somehow: heavier. John could almost feel it weighing him down as he drank it in long, deep pulls, and when he paused, chasing the drops he’d spilled down Sherlock’s wiry forearm, he realised that his thoughts had grown slow and syrupy.
John slept well that night. No tossing and turning, and he dreamt that he was a teenager again and tasked with cleaning the tub for his mum, who was alive and happy and sharing a fag with one of John’s ex-girlfriends from sixth form.
By the end of Sherlock’s list, John is wearing the squinty eyes, small mouth, and creased forehead of the deeply unimpressed. Sherlock supposes he should have anticipated that. After all, humiliation and discipline seem rather commonplace in BDSM relationships, according to his research.
“Yeah, but that game was trying to be realistic, wasn’t it? Pretty sure this one isn’t. I mean, it takes place on a different planet for one, and you can buy guns in vending machines.”
Sherlock was watching him intently. “You don’t like when I pay. It makes you uncomfortable. You also don’t like when I invite you to my flat.”
“Sorry,” he says in a whisper, as though there’s any point in being quiet with the racket Rosie is making. “I was just going to grab a few toys. It’s too early for her to eat, so—”
He remembered only after he’d dropped the mobile into his coat pocket that it was John’s. It thudded against and then slid neatly into place alongside Sherlock’s own phone.
John wrapped her arms around Sherlock’s shoulders and mouthed at her collarbone, then trailed her lips upwards near Sherlock’s throat, feeling as Sherlock—already gasping and sweating—grew even more short of breath and sweaty; her arms jerked, and the handcuffs rattled even harder.
He has to throw out several shirts, four pairs of trousers, and a selection of socks and pants to make room for all of John’s clothes in his wardrobe and chest of drawers. But he considers it a worthwhile sacrifice just to be able to see John’s jumpers hanging beside his own dress shirts, John’s pants nestled in a drawer with his own.
“No.” John’s voice is soft, but there’s a degree of steel in it. “Not today. I’m not going to risk pushing you too far today. Here, come here.”
“Like what? ‘You’re not fooling anyone’? ‘You’re going to drink yourself to death that way’? She’d either stop trying to hide it altogether and just get smashed, or she’d stop coming home afterwards. It’s like what you said before, about addicts. You can’t
Can the context of the encounter still be considered sexual if one participant is not aroused? Seems unlikely—in the same way that it isn’t a murder if the victim hasn’t died.
The most active role anyone had ever taken helping her get off, the only time anyone had ever touched her feet sexually, the most honest she had been about her sexuality since Victor Trevor in uni.
Sherlock stopped his shepherding, seeming taken aback, and John glanced over his shoulder in time to see Mycroft give Sherlock a sharp, closed-lipped smile that seemed to communicate a dozen things at once, none of them in a language John understood.
Sherlock neither knows nor cares what arnica cream is. He can feel the full weight of John’s affection settle on him like a thick, warm quilt, and he wants to savour its heaviness.
Sherlock’s scoff wasn’t so halfhearted this time. He ducked his head so that he could rub his nose against John’s and breathe against John’s lips. “You needed it. You loved it. Do I have to keep repeating myself? I despise repeating myself. I want to take care of you. I want to give you everything you need, which at the moment is a purpose, a source of excitement.”
That was well out of order, bringing up Harry when they were meant to be talking about Sherlock. “Unless you’re going somewhere with this, I’d stop right now if I were you.”
, Sherlock thought muzzily, flexing his fingers in the bedsheets like he was kneading them while John fetched the lube and got him even wetter.
John gnawed viciously on his bottom lip as Sherlock suckled the sensitive crown once, then twice, before he swallowed down the first few inches and remained there, letting John’s cock thicken fully on his tongue.
“Please, John,” Sherlock tells him, and squirms even closer still, plastering them both together. “I need it,
“They’re pleasant people. Ordinary, or so I’m told. Mummy was a mathematician. Very well-respected, especially for a woman in a traditionally male-dominated field. Father was a musician. Spent several years as a cellist for the London Philharmonic Orchestra, although he was actually capable of playing several instruments, not just the cello.”
He was heavy, heavier than he looked. Dense bones, Sherlock had always suspected. Somehow after all these months, it was still a surprise. Sherlock found the suprasternal notch beneath the layers of John’s jumper and undershirt, and gave it a pointed nuzzle.
He shifted in his armchair and clasped his fingers beneath his chin. He didn’t look away from the bit of wallpaper he was staring at and said nothing. Let John think he was so deep in his mind palace that he hadn’t heard the question.
He didn’t know how to respond, so he didn’t. He plugged in his phone to charge and cast his gaze around the bedroom. He’d rolled Rosie’s cot in here earlier, positioning it in the corner—he’d talked about removing the wheels after they’d bought the thing, certain they were some sort of safety hazard, but he was glad he’d never got around to it—and she was asleep in it, her little eyelids twitching in REM.
“You just like listening to yourself beg, don’t you? Pretty whore. I’ll make you beg until you’re hoarse. Put my tongue in your cunt and suck at your clit until the only words you know are ‘Please’ and ‘Sherlock.’ I’ll make you cry my name, John. Mrs Hudson will have to invest in a white noise machine. The walls will shake with your cries.”
It reminds him of having his mouth fucked, pumped so full of come it dribbles from the corners of his lips, which makes him think of being filled from both ends.
Sherlock takes the glass to the kitchen and dumps its contents down the sink. When he returns to the living room, John still hasn’t moved. Sherlock sits across from him, trying not to betray how uncomfortable he is. He’s never been terribly fond of this chair, but now he has associations. It feels wrong to sit in it, especially with John right there.
John’s resolve broke, and he chuckled, then ducked his head and hid his smile in his palm. This was absurd. This entire situation was completely absurd. But before he could respond, the phone chimed. Then it chimed again.
And with that, he slumps further and drops his head into his hands, hiding his expression. The shaking begins again, primarily in the shoulders this time, and he gives a tremulous inhale that has Sherlock seizing in panic.
Look. I’ll give you the birth date and such and also the stuff about the military, the locum work, and Harry, since that’s all in the blog, but how do you know Ella is my therapist? The bit about my being disabled is totally unfounded, and I’m also not sure why you think I’m depressed. Or why you think I don’t like Harry.
more mental than physical—that faded almost as soon as it appeared, just to see John’s eyes go half-lidded and hazy as Sherlock ground the sole of her foot into John’s lap.
John blinked. Was he cheerful? He didn’t think so. No more so than usual, anyway. “Erm. No, I don’t think so. I slept well last night, though. That might have something to do with it.”
“Right,” John muttered, silencing the phone and shoving it into his pocket when he’d had enough of SH’s barrage of texts. “Not stalking at all.”
Sherlock didn’t appear nearly as alarmed by the tone as John would have liked. In fact, he seemed almost pleased by it. “You’re angry.”
Again, the idea was oddly appealing. Perhaps this whole thing wouldn’t be as awkward as she had feared.
John grips the arms of his chair hard enough his fingers leave visible indentions in the fabric, and he uses that to heave himself into a standing position, his entire body practically rigid with frustration. “I never said that! Christ, Sherlock, I never even meant to
Oh god, John wanted it. She wanted Sherlock’s fingers in her cunt fucking her so hard and fast that people on the pavement would be able to hear the racket they were making.
“Excellent,” said Sherlock, sounding breathless. John ached at the thought of what he was doing to make himself short of breath. “I just texted you a photo.”
But mostly they reminded him of Sherlock. Not just because Sherlock had bought them for John—sought them out specifically for John, then sat at a table in a restaurant and fondled John’s feet just to relish the feel of them—but also because the skull design brought to mind the skull on Sherlock’s mantel. Which might’ve been the entire point, John supposed.
The sound of it wasn’t pleasant—loud, it reminded Sherlock of some sort of kitchen appliance, and it always drowned out John’s moans, her gasps and breathy wails.
“That’s not why I made my character a woman! And are we even playing the same game? Pretty sure there’s nothing bouncing or jiggling anywhere.”
‘Just the word,’ he told himself. ‘It’s nothing more than you’ve already done.’ If Sherlock wanted anything more than that, then… well, then John would just have to deal with that when it came up, wouldn’t he? Although with any luck, that wouldn’t happen for a long while.
“I did, yeah. Found a guide about it online yesterday. Seemed a shame to keep using the default if I didn’t have to. Anyway, I’m going to pick up some copper from the chest so I can make a sword.”
Sherlock Holmes might’ve been a bit of an arsehole, John thought with a smile, but at least he was an interesting one.
“Yeah, that’s right. Best not struggle, Dr Watson,” said the man. His voice wavered. “Those are silver, those are. You’ll do yourself a good deal of damage if you fight.”
He turned onto his back, hoping for a reprieve, but that was even worse. The metal plug shifted inside him, stretching his hole wider, and the long, black fake fur of the tail swept against the backs of his thighs just before he lay down and flattened it. His collar jingled loudly.
Immediately, Sherlock leaned into him, unfolding his arms and slouching so he could press their foreheads together. His breath and clothes stank of tobacco, and John had to hold in a nose wrinkle and a cough.
fine. I just would rather you tell me instead of… well, instead of shoving me off and acting like you can’t get far enough away.”
“You know why he’s here? He’s not paid or anything. He likes it. The weirder the crime, the more he gets off. And you know what? One day just showing up won’t be enough. One day we’ll be standing round a body, and Sherlock Holmes’ll be the one that put it there.”
John inclined her head. “Okay.” She circled round her chair and sat in it. “Well. I’ve got time. So tell me about it.”
“You went along with my instructions to attend the North London littles munch, despite having no idea what sort of situation you were entering into and despite your distrust of me. Then you not only agreed to dinner with me tonight, but also to return to my flat with me. Not to mention how much you miss the war you were invalided from—you’re languishing without it.”
“By the latter,” Sherlock adds swiftly, “I of course am referring to acts that could be labelled ‘extreme’ by—”
‘I’ve been paying extra attention to how long my paragraphs get since you whinged about it the once you know and now you’re whinging about my punctuation?’
“Mmhm. Maybe next time I say I’ve got everything under control, you won’t doubt me, yeah? When we’re playing on a computer, at least. Oh, looks like his little minions are still about.”
That earns him a chuckle, John baring his teeth in amusement. “You will take any case, no matter how ‘dull,’ if you think someone is being abused. You get upset when people are cruel to animals, and violent when anyone dares to threaten Mrs Hudson. And I’ve never had sex with anyone who made me feel half as adored and cherished as you do. You’re the least sociopathic person I know.”
Of course he is. John’s arousal is evident in not only his smell but his eyes, his breathing, his temperature, and of course the hard cock tenting his trousers, pressing into Sherlock’s stomach.
John pulled away so he could watch his own hand as it lifted Sherlock’s prick, holding the hard length perfectly perpendicular to Sherlock’s body. His thumb swiped, quick and light, over the fraenulum. Sherlock’s prick jerked and his lower back tried to arch. Hr hardly even recognised his own cry. It was so soft and wavery, startled but blissful.
He slid the toy out until John was crying out again as his hole stretched around the thickest part. When Sherlock pushed it back inside, John managed a shuddery “Daddy.”
“As little as possible,” Sherlock said, as though there were nothing wrong with that at all. “I thought it best to remain true to your fantasy. If, after all, a true ‘tentacle monster’ existed and were intent on buggering me, it would surely dispense with—”
In short, the whole thing moved very quickly from generally bizarre to the most intimate experience John had had in years. He was keenly aware that they were in public, that a smattering of other restaurant patrons were gaping at them, that his heel was only inches from Sherlock’s crotch. He squirmed, toes wriggling in his shoe and jostling his foot in Sherlock’s lap.
“You needn’t look so severe,” said Mycroft. “Now that we’ve finally been introduced, I only thought we might have a little chat. Get to know each other.”
Footsteps. Slow, deliberate. Like a heel dragging purposely against the carpet with each one. Making itself known.
He closed his blog, leaving only the window with his email open, and he nearly closed that as well before he noticed he had a new message. It had arrived less than a minute ago, according to the time stamp. The subject line read: “071411120418 sent you a message ‘A proposal’.”
Something like ten minutes spent upstairs, lying motionless in bed under the covers, waiting for his erection to flag—all for nothing. He was just as hard now as when he’d woken up. In some ways, it was worse now. The groggy haze was gone, the need to piss was gone—and the shower was familiar wanking territory, the water was warm, and his hand was making slow passes down his chest, up his thighs, along his waist.
The rest of the flat was silent. Both cats hiding now, startled by the crash, Mrs Hudson assumed, which was quite all right with her. If John and Sherlock weren’t underfoot, then they wouldn’t trod on the glass shards and hurt their little paws. Mrs Hudson could find them both and remove John’s jumper after this mess had been cleaned up.
“There was a possibility—remote, obviously—that I was wrong about the shopkeeper,” came Sherlock’s voice from the kitchen, accompanied by the clang of cutlery. “In which case I thought we could browse the inventory, see if anything caught our fancy. And if I was right—”
“You just can’t leave off, can you,” John muttered, becoming more alert as the seconds passed, but Sherlock paid him no attention.
“Get up,” said Sherlock, startling John from what seemed the deepest stage of sleep he’d ever experienced.
Sherlock gave a low, wordless murmur that John chose to interpret as agreement, although he knew very well it mightn’t have been intended that way. Probably wasn’t, actually. Because everything John had seen of Sherlock said that he was single-minded and persistent and a tiny bit infuriating and nearly as stubborn as John. John foresaw rows about this in the future, complete with storming out and pouting and childish arm-waving. It would be years, probably, before Sherlock finally understood that John wasn’t going anywhere if Sherlock didn’t want him to.
“You have the worst fucking timing,” John said, a few hours after Lestrade’s text. His tone was aggrieved, but he certainly wasn’t protesting. Rather, he’d settled on his back in the centre of the bed, with Sherlock knelt between his spread legs and undoing the zip on his trousers. “I have to leave in—”
John shakes his head, leaning forwards so he can slide his tea onto the table alongside Sherlock’s. “It was me being a twat, and giving in to irrational fears because the whole mess of my marriage was apparently more traumatic than I realised. But for fuck’s sake, Sherlock.” He laughs, a little forced huff of breath that means he really doesn’t think any of this is funny at all. “You can’t honestly tell me you think we’re going to end up like Mary and I did.”
“A month.” There was the surprise Sherlock had been expecting, just before John dropped his head into his hands again. “Jesus.”
Removing his finger from John’s arse was nearly torturous. Sherlock did it as slowly as possible, which afforded him the sight of John’s hole trying to cling needily to his finger as it slid free. (A ridiculous thought, he knew, it was simply that the lubrication was drying up, John’s skin no longer gliding so smoothly against Sherlock’s, but when the alternative was John’s arsehole being a hopelessly greedy little thing, oh god, he hardly cared about reality.)
“How do you want me?” he asked, and the noise Sherlock made in his throat sounded rather erotically like a growl.
“Come on,” she urged. “Be a good slut for me. Fuck yourself harder. I want you to soak my hand. I want to lick your come from my fingers.”
Not true, of course. He still had ten more minutes. But the unanswered question would grate on Sherlock, make his massive genius brain start firing on all cylinders.
‘Well,’ John conceded, ‘suppose it’s just an ordinary business expense to him, isn’t it?’ SH was clearly filthy fucking rich. What did John know about how rich people thought or behaved? He’d never been one, nor would he ever be at this rate.
After the discussion with Molly, Sherlock forgot all about finding him a case. Regrettable, even disgraceful. He’ll do it now, then, after he’s rearranged the contents of the fridge so he can store the toes in the crisper.
Hasn’t he? Hm. No, he supposes he hasn’t. Although he scarcely even remembers how he used to be, before…. Well, before.
Sorry, that turned out a bit woe is me didn’t it? The point is, I’ve felt very old lately and I thought you must’ve been younger. I’m quite relieved you’re not as young as I was afraid. And no, five years is not insurmountable at all. ;)
Sherlock’s voice was hoarse when he answered. “Doesn’t matter. We’ve the rest of the night for you to try again.”
and sex. Sherlock’s claim on him is as obvious as the scratches on John’s lower back, which he is now certain drew blood; they sting too much to have not done.
(John’s exact words, in fact, are: “If you’re determined to fixate on something I say, I’d rather it be that than something I said in a moment of panic that had nothing to do with you. And I’m not joking about the size either. I want it massive, in all capital letters, so you can read it no matter where in there you’ve got yourself lost. Go on. I’ll wait here until you’ve finished.”)
John didn’t hesitate to comply, dressing quickly in one of the coveralls as well as a pair of white cotton shoe coverings. Sherlock, however, only slipped on a pair of latex gloves—to John’s considerable confusion. “You’re not wearing anything else?”
Sherlock didn’t, actually, as that sounded more physically taxing than she felt capable of at the moment. But it did give her an idea.
While he waited for the reply, he investigated the inside texture. There were closely packed ridges just past the entrance that loosened into spiralling waves as he delved deeper. The material was surprisingly flexible and adjusted easily as John moved his fingers in wide, slow circles.
“No,” Sherlock said, hardly paying attention to him any longer, now that he had something concrete to ponder. “No, it’s… fine, good. Thank you.”
. The vibration from Sherlock’s voice felt good. A nice little tease. John’s hips thrust forwards instinctively, chasing the sensation, and at the movement Sherlock’s arms jerked, fighting briefly against the cuffs.
. She’s stubborn and impulsive, and although she might berate others about the consequences of their actions, she never gives a thought to her own until it’s too late. It’s tedious, yes, and sometimes infuriating because she’s utterly incapable of cleaning up her own messes, but we put up with it because—”
John was practically sobbing, grinding helplessly against the vibrator while Sherlock fucked her. This time, Sherlock knew exactly when her orgasm hit, because her body went rigid, the muscles in her thighs twitching almost violently and her fingers closing around a fistful of sheets so tightly Sherlock could hear the fabric groan as it stretched and nearly ripped.
It might take a bit to figure out what I’m doing with the headset. I’ll respond to your email tomorrow and let you know when I can give it a go. :)
Navigating the stairs to 221B while carrying the shopping turned out to be more treacherous than John had hoped.
John shrugged, gesturing vaguely in the air. It was impossible, really, to describe all of what had happened then. Not without taking hours, anyway.
? Why does Sherlock’s body remain dull and limp while his mind sparks and lights like a firework? It’s inexplicable and
. There was no welcome screen or spinning hourglass while it loaded. Instead, it had gone immediately to the home screen.
The dilemma was still weighing on him that afternoon when John received another parcel in the mail: a plain, nondescript box from L H Trade in Bath just like the last one.
Carefully, shakily—Mrs Hudson quite loathed her hip these days—she lifted herself to her feet, then paused as John gave an almighty, twisting, full-body shake. It was followed swiftly by another, even stronger shake, this one so vigorous that it upset his balance and he wobbled a bit on his paws. His ears were still flat on his head and his eyes were as wide as saucers. He took a single, plodding step forwards and then seemed loath to take another, so he remained frozen and tense in the middle of the floor.
Sherlock expects John to freeze, pull back, and demand to know why he would want such a thing. Sherlock has written an entire speech to give in response, rubbish about how he’s dreamt of it for years but never felt comfortable enough to ask for it, until now, until
Alarm. Sherlock’s heart pounds, panic like a shrieking siren throughout his body. It’s an irrational reaction; he knows this. John has said nothing surprising, nothing worth becoming upset over. Still, the reaction persists.
Sherlock huffed dramatically and threw up his arms in a sort of ‘Dear god, look what I have to deal with’ way. “No one
Not any of the things about Sherlock that John would’ve been keen to discuss, unfortunately, like what John had gleaned about his work thus far, how terribly clever he was, the sorts of leaps he could make from barely noticeable details, or how attractive and talented his mouth was.
. John couldn’t remember any time she had seen Sherlock in the red, lumpy armchair that John had claimed as her own. But she wasn’t given any time to ponder that.
John was sure he was gaping like a fish. A drug cartel. The cheerful woman with the flour-covered apron. Christ. “Er. Yeah,” he said. “Yeah, I imagine so.”
“Say what?” John said, to give himself a few extra seconds to think, although when Sherlock huffed impatiently, he gave in immediately. “Right. Um. Thank you… Daddy.” The last word was no louder than a whisper.
“I’ll shower,” said Sherlock, practically buzzing with eagerness. “I’ll clean everywhere. You can roger me like you’ve been wanting to for weeks. Would you like that? Shall we see if we can ruin Daddy’s boring sheets before the new ones arrive?”
“You’ll hardly be able to move,” Sherlock said. She’d caught her breath now and sounded deeply, deeply satisfied. “Your skin between my teeth, your cunt on my cock. You’ll just have to lie still and take it.”
It was brief but satisfying, and Sherlock fell into a heavy doze with John’s hair against his lips and the taste of his own come (licked eagerly from John’s mouth) still strong on his tongue.)
It was surprisingly tiring, not at all like wanking himself with just his hand. Sweat dripped down his temples, back, and chest, and soon his pace began to falter, then drop off altogether.
Just as they discussed, he is laid prostrate in the centre of the bed, and John climbs atop him, straddling his bottom, and scratches.
Which was unthinkable, as far as John was concerned. It was an utterly benign request. He kicked off his shoes, letting them fall onto the carpet with a dull thump, and then climbed into Sherlock’s lap exactly as he’d wanted Sherlock to climb into his: his knees digging into the cushion and his arse on Sherlock’s lower thighs.
“I only worry you’re losing sight of yourself,” Ella kept insisting. “Sherlock sounds—” The pause here was very brief, and her kind, open expression didn’t change in the slightest, but it was enough John understood that her impression of Sherlock so far was not favourable. “—nice. Fun to be around. I just don’t want you to forget that the focus of your blog should be on
“In short, you are very much addicted to danger. You are also content to listen to me, to follow my instructions, to cater to my whims, and to be more or less unaffected by my considerable social deficiencies. So when you said earlier that you aren’t who I think you are, that I would be bored to death by you, you are very, very mistaken. I know precisely who you are, and you are quite possibly the least boring person I have ever met.”
Sherlock grunted with every backwards thrust, a muffled “uhhn” every time John’s knuckle kissed his rim, followed by a hearty suck on John’s throat as he thrust forwards, dragging his wet cock along John’s lower ribs. He sounded gorgeous; he probably looked even better, his skin growing flushed with fresh blood and his plump arse bouncing on John’s hand.
“The sister. A woman’s husband of four years begins engaging in regular sexual activity with the woman’s older sister. When the woman discovers the affair, why would she take revenge on the
Sherlock considered getting up. He never sat on the floor, not like this—without something occupying his hands or some other substance in the mix. John was surely becoming concerned, perhaps even alarmed, the longer Sherlock kept it up. As if sensing the thought, John carefully transferred himself from his haunches to his backside, and scooted so that he was sitting against the side of his armchair with his knees bent. Pointedly joining Sherlock in his uncharacteristic position.
Sherlock touched John’s face again, and John turned his cheek into Sherlock’s palm, nuzzling the leather. The sensation and the smell calmed him, centred him, shooed the rest of the monstrous bits away until John was left with a dawning horror at what he’d just done.
Then he was gone, bounding out of the flat and down the staircase with a briskness that meant he’d been well-fucked and satisfied.
That there was a perverse sexual element to the murder of Adam Taggert, age 37 and newly divorced, was undeniable. The leather cuffs, the ball gag, the vibrator (its batteries completely drained), not to mention the traces of fresh semen—it was so obvious even Lestrade had seen it.
, he thought. He hadn’t even taken his dressing gown off, much less his trousers or his pants, and he found he couldn’t stop to do it now. The idea of John beneath him, arching under Sherlock’s weight, ruining his lacy knickers with his dribbling cock—too tempting, it called to Sherlock too strongly. Not even his mind’s last desperate attempt to steal control from his body—the whisper of
“God,” John said, sounding blissful. “Oh my fucking god.” He shoved his arse back into Sherlock’s face and wrenched Sherlock’s hair, which hurt so badly that Sherlock could
Another, bigger move of his hips, this time with a little swivel at the end, and—‘Oh,’ John thought, going starry-eyed, ‘oh, that’s nice.’ Driving Sherlock’s prick even deeper, stretching John’s entrance even wider, it made John feel dirty. The good sort, the kind that made John want to writhe and beg and embellish his moans and make a generally slutty sight of himself for his partner to enjoy.
“Yes, I prefer to text, but you weren’t responding to any of my messages and this is a matter of urgency. I despise repeating myself, but as you seem to require it: what is your medical opinion on—”
“... Too much again, yeah? Should we maybe be coming up with attack plans, by the way? Every time we come across a group of enemies, we sort of just—”
Sherlock rushes to his chair and lounges in a pose that is arranged to be careless. He picks up a book without noticing the title and opens it to a random page, reading without seeing any of the words.
“I could drop her,” Sherlock says, standing. “No new case today. I wouldn’t mind having someone to keep me busy.” John considers the sleeping baby in his arms, considers the bedraggled Sherlock in front of him.
some nameless, faceless mass of disapproving onlookers), he thinks of how little time has passed since he lost Mary. It seems gauche to be thinking of Sherlock as anything other than his best friend when Mary is so recently interred, especially since she’d died to save Sherlock. It’s the cruelest kind of joke.
John continues feeding Rosie, letting Sherlock think. Sherlock’s brain is silent, for once, abated by a warm and pleasant feeling spreading from his chest, like sinking into a bath that’s the perfect temperature. Gradually, he eats his lo mein.
Sherlock had countered, and god but hadn’t that made John’s chest constrict warmly.) He has to be at work in just under an hour. John needs to prepare to leave- he considers waking Sherlock, but concludes that Rosie is in good hands and he can get ready faster if she’s taken care of. He hasn’t lived here in quite some time, but even in light of the recent repairs and renovations the flat hasn’t changed much. Certainly, the shower hasn’t moved. Sherlock won’t mind- probably won’t notice- if John steals some of his soap and shampoo, borrows his razor. John showers quickly, then retrieves yesterday’s clothes from upstairs. It’s a little sloppy, but it’ll do. By the time he’s got his shoes on and returned downstairs, he’s got forty minutes to work with.
9:25 am: Sherlock washes his hands. (Very important, when handling acidic chemicals, human remains, small children, or all three in combination.) Then, he washes Rosie’s. He, with some help from Mrs. Hudson, puts Rosie in her carrier, secured to his chest. (It requires some adjustment, as John had worn it last.) Rosie still smells like vinegar.
“Oh, stop pouting, it was a joke.” John dissuades, brushing Rosie’s hair with his fingers. “You’ve been doing very well with her.”
“Is this okay?” He asks. John nods. They’re quiet and still for a moment, and the only sound is their breathing. John breathes faster than Sherlock, Sherlock notices. Sherlock closes his eyes and listens to John’s breathing. There’s an energy in the room like the electricity in the air before lighting strikes. Sherlock wants to touch and smell and taste, and happily reminds himself that he has the rest of his life to do so. His heart is pounding against his rib cage.
“This isn’t pure Bach,” Sherlock tells her. “This is Bach’s Violin Concerto in E major as played for Rosie Watson.” Then Rosie plunges her hand into his mouth and he can’t really explain anything at all.
Gradually, Molly’s focus shifts and it’s clear that she’s returned to the kitchen. When she’s completely back she seems to realize that they’re still standing by the kitchen island, reflected in the gleaming door of Molly’s oven. Molly gestures vaguely in the direction of the table. (Four seats, but only one has wear that indicates frequent use.) They sit, but the silence continues.  Molly’s eyes are still red, but the tears are gone. There’s something painfully unfair in that, in seeing her wounded and walking away having been spared her grief. An apology can mend wounds, but it isn’t quite as gratifying as sharing those wounds. People become close when they’re vulnerable, or so Sherlock has been told. She’s shown her wounds, it only seems fair…
8:43 am: Sherlock digs through the cupboards and produces an unopened box of baking soda and a half-empty bottle of vinegar. He finds one of Rosie’s plastic bowls and sets it on her high chair’s table. He sifts a thin layer on baking soda into the bowl. Then, he pours the vinegar.
Molly sighs. Once more, Sherlock waits for the door to swing shut, for her to retreat to stop the whistling, for her to send him away- for now, or forever. Maybe not forever, after all, she’s still talking to him. Sherlock waits. The tea kettle is getting louder, harder to comfortably ignore. Nearing a volume that will certainly bother the neighbors. Then, Molly’s face softens into something akin to resignation.
The events with Eurus unfold, and John has to admit to himself that it’s not Sherlock’s fault, it was never Sherlock’s fault. John finds that every time he forgives it gets easier. Every time he’s loved it has gotten harder.
Sherlock isn’t one for pointless self-indulgence, but John has decided to stay tonight- it’s a special enough occasion that he feels it warrants a bit of self indulgence. So, Sherlock imagines. From the quiet sitting room of 221B, Sherlock considers the warm body asleep in the bed upstairs. For a moment, he lets himself pretend that later tonight he’ll close up the laptop, kiss his sleeping daughter on the forehead and click the baby monitor back on so he can climb the stairs and crawl into bed with the man he loves. He imagines how John would feel, warm and sleepy, half-awake when Sherlock slips under the sheets, smiling slightly and teasing him about the lateness of the hour and the curry on his breath. Sherlock’s chest aches and he forces himself to stop. He reminds himself that John is here, and that he would do anything to keep John here, even if that means John never knows what Sherlock thinks of when it’s four in the morning and the world is quiet and still.
And he would not fail John. He had failed John so many times, in so many ways. Somehow, John had always come back. After dragging him through hell and back time after time, somehow they had emerged together- battered, grieving, and exhausted- but together again, at the end of it all. Somehow they always do. Deduction is the natural conclusion of an understanding of existing patterns. Patterns form, and he would be a poor detective indeed not to notice them. Mary noticed, certainly.
“There’s a reason she chose you for her game,” Sherlock continues. Molly doesn’t stop crying, but she looks up, her wet eyes meeting his, her hands away falling from her face.
Then he met Arthur. Arthur was a medic, one of the Fusiliers. He had a smile like a lightning storm, and never an unkind word for anyone. He had quick hands and a wry sense of humor, a love of classic rock and an ability to tell stories that could make anyone sit down and shut up and listen. They worked well together. They could perform surgery without speaking, just a seamless flow of communication without words. They were an excellent team and together they saved lives. It was good, it was everything John had hoped for when he’d joined the army. Every night, at the return to barracks, Arthur would clap John on the back and say, “Well done, Watson,” and smile like a clap of lightning, thunder rolling and sending the hairs on the back of John’s neck stand straight up, and John would smile back, and that would be enough.
The footsteps are all wrong- too little weight resting on them, too shuffling, too slow. Not the slowness of hesitation, but the slowness of age, going off of the arthritic pauses as weight shuffles from one foot to the other. The door to the lowest landing turns. One of Mrs. Hudson’s friends, then. Not-John.
Sherlock closes the book and tosses it onto the coffee table, not minding where it lands.5:13 pm strikes. Sherlock hasn’t been counting the seconds, exactly, but he doesn’t need to look at his watch to know when the minute changes. He walks to and fro, between the kitchen and his chair, from the door, where he puts his ear to the wood, listening for John’s steps, to the kitchen again, frowning.
It was weeks after Mary’s funeral before John let Sherlock hold his daughter again. Sherlock had tried to avoid it before, generally confused by the noise and the mess, terrified equally by how
Rosie is fast asleep, lying on Sherlock’s chest. The covers are still on the bed, and Sherlock’s wearing yesterday’s clothes, but he’s dead asleep. He’s constructed a wall of pillows around the outside of the bed -
“I know how it feels to want someone you can’t have,” is what he decides on. He isn’t sure what he expects her to say, but she says nothing. Her hand crawls away from the handle of her mug and finds Sherlock’s where it’s resting on the table. Her skin is soft and dry (frequent washing, latex gloves). Her touch is gentle, and warm, and he surprises himself by wondering if that could be enough, if they could both pretend, and she could love him, and he could do his best love her back. They could have quiet evenings watching telly, he could bring her on cases and impress her, making deductions just to hear her praise. There would be John still, John and Rosie, the family he wants that doesn’t want him, but it would be alright because he could return home to Molly and her warmth, her soft hands.
who had left him alone and guilty. Sherlock was back and John was angry, but there was still Mary. Mary who
3:57 pm: He’s on a roll- his mouth isn’t quite keeping up with his brain, but it’s trying its best. The client’s eyes are bright- god, but he loves the ones who can keep up- and her lips are pressed in a tight, focused line. He’s missed this, the rush of a real case, the intrigue, he feels on the verge of something brilliant when-
And for what? After everything they’ve been through, to go back to being flatmates? To see John every day?   ̶̶  of course he wants to see John every day, every day of the rest of their lives but  ̶̶  to see John every day and know that he can’t have him the way he wants? He will take John any way that he can get him, but to have him
Sherlock opens the bag and finds containers of lo-mein and beef with broccoli. He sets the beef and broccoli at John’s seat at the table and grabs the lo-mein for himself. It’s so much like old times, before Sherlock “died,” before Mary, that Sherlock feels a wave of sentiment in spite of himself. He comes into the kitchen for forks just as John is leaving it, and they brush against each other in the narrow doorway.
the way John did. John can make Sherlock’s mouth water, make his pupils dilate, his pulse elevate, but somehow he’s never called Sherlock on these physiological responses. Sherlock didn’t want sex until he realized that he wanted everything with John, wanting the grunting and the sweating, the foolish absurdity of it all. He can’t imagine wanting that with anyone else.
“She wants you to shut up and play for her,” Mary laughs, leaning against the mantle to watch. Sherlock obeys. Time slips away from him. Rosie relaxes into the carrier and babbles to herself. When she looks at Sherlock, he smiles at her, giving her small feedback, mindful of Mary’s remarks about being a responsive caretaker. “You like that part?” he asks, playing the movement a second time. “What about this?” He shifts into the next Bach concerto in E major. “Do you like this one, too?” Rosie’s eyes widen, and Sherlock widens his eyes back at her, launching into the next piece, as lively as the last.
