Cas tilted Dean’s face back to look at him, wiping his eye. “I’m right here, Dean. We’re safe. You saved me too, remember?”
Dean spotted Cas’ phone discarded on the passenger seat. He picked it up, frowning at the name ‘Pure Evil’ on the screen. He put the phone to his ear with his shoulder while changing gears. “Who dis?”
Dean calmly walked up the centre of the deserted road, shooting any bad guy that happened to reveal themselves. He spun around, shooting with the accuracy of an angel of death. Without warning, a stray bullet came from the side, hitting the front of his right leg just below the knee. Dean dropped with a yell, rolled on the ground, and killed the shooter with a bullet between the eyes.
“Mr Winchester is a contract killer facing two dozen counts of murder in ten countries. Absent a legitimate deal, he will never breathe free air again. Under no-“
Dean got to the top of the stairs, and spotted Chuck at the top of the metal staircase. He took quick aim, shooting at him, just as the police officer yanked his wrist from the side, pulling Dean off balance. He got Dean to drop the gun by slicing at him with the knife as they spun around. Dean jumped back, keeping his distance from the wild slashes. He then allowed the guy to step in close on his terms. Dean grabbed his wrist, angling the knife away while he elbowed the guy into the face. Dean then pulled him headfirst into the wall, taking the knife and plunging it deep into the guy’s side. He roared with pain, before slumping to the ground. Dean took the gun from his holster, checked the magazine, and glared after Chuck. Dukhovich was running over a metal walkway nearby, Dean shot several rounds at him, but the bastard somehow dodged. Chuck ran across the wide roof, dodging around the various metal units as Dean tried to shoot him from afar. “Like fucking Bugs Bunny, lucky prick.”
They looked from Dean to the broken vase at their feet before backing away slowly as the distant sound of thunder echoed above them.
"I don't blame you. You're right. You should be scared of me. You said I could subdue the dragon. I tried, but it's pointless because you don't believe in me."
“As I said, all answers can be answered if you walk through this door,” The sound of a door opening and closing had Dean turning to see two big men dressed in a suit standing there with their arms crossed and looking in Dean’s direction.
"I'm just saying you've taken a lot of blows to the head." Sam glared at his brother as Dean continued, "I mean, I know the Disney princess hair gives you some padding"
She had only heard stories of the man who was on the verge of enslaving the human race, using them as livestock to fill the bellies of his followers.
He’s only met the man once when the marriage was announced. He himself had been much younger, only when he turned 18 would the ceremony take place.
She smirked at him and gestured to the entirety of the place. “Everything is legal during the purge,” her smirk turning into a smile, all teeth showing including the fake canine teeth she was sporting, “We focus on one of the most important aspects of human nature: Pleasure,”
"Let go,” the voice soothed, feeling a hand on his throat, turning it as he felt something sharp graze his neck. “You’re mine now,”
“Some kind of survival game,” was all Cas said, shrugging the topic off by quizzing Charlie on one of the questions.
“That’s good,” he folded his hands together in his lap, glancing down at his watch. “We’ve made quite a breakthrough today. We have thirty minutes left in your session. What would you like to talk about?”
Cas looked from Dean to his coat. Reluctantly, he started maneuvering out of the said coat. He looked around, trying to find a place to chuck it.
“Why don’t let me decide. But first, tell me what happened after that night. You were so happy and then you vanished,”
"No, I'm serious. Believe it or not, your paths crossed on more than one occasion. Admired you from afar,"
Sam rolled his eyes, mentioning something about how Father wouldn’t like knowing his eldest and first in line was dabbling with servants.
“Very good.” He murmured as he began kneeling to come face to face with Dean. He brought his hand up to cup Dean’s face briefly, the ice-cold feeling a contrast to his sweaty skin. He gave Dean a small smile as his hand moved away to rest where Dean’s hand was keeping pressure, resisting slightly when Castiel tried to move his hand away. Giving a low whistle at the site, blue met green briefly before Cas did the unexpected. He pushed his thumb into the wound.
“At least I’ll die knowing you weren’t really dead,” he muttered weakly, coughing again followed by a wheezy inhale.
“Hang on,” Dean whispered into Cas’ neck, the only thing grabbing the man’s attention was when Dean’s hips stopped thrusting. Abruptly grabbing hold around Dean’s neck as he lifted Castiel off the bed.
He heard a low...purring type sound coming from in front of him, the next thing Dean knew, he had a lap full of the Dragon’s head pushing its way into his lap.
Letting out a yelp when those feelings came back with force, pulling him into three separate directions, followed by animalistic noises from all directions, hissing and snarling as one force tugged him around like a rag doll, tripping over his feet as he lurched from one direction to the next.
How the heck was this possible?! Dean thought to himself. He rushed forward to start fixing the mess when loud footsteps approached.
“I can't do it,” Dean murmured to himself, shaking his head, placing a hand on the edge of the boat as he attempted to stand up in the moving boat.
This one couple wasn’t exactly rare, though it put him in an awkward position. The women whose meter was high while the male was somewhere between middle and low.
"Castiel…" Dean pleaded, watching the man clutch something tight in his hand, bringing it to his lips.
The crowd cheered as Dean’s boat was fully in view of the village after being pushed out into the lake.
…but...Castiel didn’t believe that. Whenever their hands would brush, he would see...warmth...happiness in those eyes. It would make Castiel’s heart swell as the butterflies in his stomach fluttered around like crazy.
“Ah, ok. Well, thank you again, Cas.” Dean started, reaching back into his suit jacket to pull out his wallet, pulling out a crisp ten-dollar bill.
While Cas became a whimpering, panting mess, his grip on Dean alternating between loose to a vice-like grip, feeling himself getting harder and harder from the friction of Dean rubbing against him.
“Such a good boy,” Castiel murmured between them, taking in the man before him. Drinking up the display that was his and his alone.
“Easy there,” the man murmured between the two after Dean pulled away, a small huff of frustration from being stopped.
He didn’t get too far when a hissing noise slowly grew louder. Turning around, he was met with gold eyes shining through the darkness.
The church before him stood tall, with one of those crosses that stood at the tippy top of the tower. Painted white with stained glass on all the windows and the large oak door separating the world outside.
Dean squeezed his eyes shut, willing himself to not react, his limbs frozen and unable to do a thing.
“Did-did you know about this?” Dean asked, head tilting to the side in confusion. He had his pants on as well but his shirt hung loose in his hand as he waited for Castiel to answer.
When he opened his eyes again, he saw the man next to his bed, kneeling down making eye contact with him.
“Move up,” Castiel ordered, watching Dean move farther up on the bed. Shifting out of his shoes, Castiel moved onto the bed as well, one knee between Dean’s legs and the other on the outside. Placing one hand on Dean’s lower back, he placed the instrument at the entrance.
The small cafe was bustling for a Friday evening, Dean was lucky to have found a spot to himself where he had some relative peace and quiet. He looked up towards the night sky, taking in the crescent moon and surrounding stars.
“I’m seeing that. That’s how I ended up here,” He was able to finally turn his head completely, taking in the person, the creature nowhere to be seen. He kept his gaze on them as he slowly got up, the numbing feel of the paralysis ebbing away.
"We saw the target. We left him alive. We didn't see this one-" the sound of something splattering and something wet hit Dean, when he looked up, the person, was gone. Looking down, Dean was covered in blood.
The metallic color of the vase, embellished with depictions of leaves and vines with a full moon standing out amongst the design.
The couple before him drone on and on, complaining about the nonsense they’ve covered multiple times within prior sessions.
“Uh, Cas, the last person who looked at me like that...I got laid,” An attempt at humor at a time like this, Dean needed to work on his timing. In response, a second finger was added, causing Dean to lose his train of thought, moaning at the intrusion.
Raising a brow at the question, Castiel nodded his head as he was lead down the hall. When Dean first started using their services, Castiel had remembered the man asking if they could use the bedroom.
He blacked out, he thinks for a few seconds, possibly even minutes, groaning in pain, trying to catch his breath.
After that, someone had given him information on people that can help him prep for stuff like this. It was weird at first, but in the long run, it helped out a lot.
Only her and her nest held any power over the rowdy bunch. Becoming commanders, the mouthpiece of the Alpha when his presence wasn’t there.
“Bobby-” he started, the rest of his words falling short as he dropped to kneel at the man’s side, eyes scanning over his uncle for any damages. Dean felt his heart and stomach drop at the blood covering the man’s lower half and blood oozing from his neck. “Bobby,” he whispered, raising a hand to the man’s cheek. Still warm.
Castiel stared at the man before him as Dean pulled out another headband, this one was brown with antlers sticking out and placing it on his head. What was more absurd was the little bell on one side that rang every time he moved his head. That when a thought crossed his mind.
“Yeah, Sam gets first dibs on sleeping because he needs his beauty rest,” Dean commented from the gun cabinet, loading up his 9mm, glancing over at his little brother with a smirk.
“Why do you give me such generous tips?” Dean paused in placing his wallet back into his pocket, he shrugged it off as he reclined in his seat to lean against the window, left arm across the back of the booth and his other hand grabbing for his coffee.
He shifted irritably in them before walking through the doors, his guard staying at the door opting to watch from afar. Nodding a greeting to his parents at the end of the table just as Dean sat at his spot beside them on the right.
"Everything ok, Dean?" He asked casually like this is an everyday thing. Which it is, to him at least.
Meanwhile, tucked away at the edge of town stood a lone coffee shop and a very frantic man who has just spilled coffee on a customer as they were leaving.
Castiel felt like the air had been punched out of his lungs at the sight. The rational part of him thought it could be any random number. With any kind of significance to the man.
Alastair pulled out the nail and threw it at Cas. It fell short. Cas threw the nail gun back at him in response. “Why in the fuck did I do that???” He thought wildly to himself. Alastair shot a nail at him, which Cas didn’t dodge fast enough. It skimmed along his hairline leaving a deep gouge that bled profusely, getting into his eyes. “Fuck!” Cas went for his gun, but it was gone from his belt. Where in the shit did it go? His mind raced as he wiped at his blood-filled eyes furiously, trying to see if it was on the ground.
“And he fucking ruins my life with one lucky shot through a window the size of a-“ He cupped and squeezed both hands in front of him. The vendor looked to his own chest before squinting at Cas in confusion.
Zach had managed to get Gabriel into another headlock, tightly crushing his airway with his forearm, pulling him back to knock Gabriel off his feet. Zach used the few inches height difference to his advantage, crushing Gabriel.
The truck reached the first round of barriers around the courthouse, smashing right through the parked police cars. The bomb within it armed itself.
Chuck hauled himself to his feet. “Your Honours. I could save us all some time. May I address the court?”
Dean’s lawyer piped up. “Assuming we accept this arrangement for Sam Winchester, there’s still the matter of an agreement regarding my client.”
Jody and Zach smacked the table in frustration. Jody barked at the two agents near her. “Coventry, every available agent, now!” She went back to the phone. “Come back to me with any updates.”
Dean cocked an eyebrow over his shoulder, wondering what had happened. He quickly hunkered down as shots were fired at him again by Alastair. Dean’s crazed eyes landed on the flare gun discarded on the ground. He picked it up, checked it, and righted himself as soon as there was a shooting lull. He took quick aim and fired it directly through Alastair’s open windows. The car filled with smoke and curses as they tried to deal with it. Dean giggled to himself, making sure his boat was staying the right course. Alastair’s car spun wildly, stopping at the next junction with a bridge. They fled the car, coughing.
Dean smiled as he slipped under the covers on the other side, settling down. He turned on his side to face Cas, who sleepily turned to face him, settling down again with a happy sigh. Dean worked an arm under Cas’ head, pulling him in close. He gently rubbed the remaining unabsorbed ointment into the burns on Cas’ temples, and then carried on stroking down his face, until he wound his arm around Cas’ waist, holding him tightly, making sure he was covered fully. He pressed a soft kiss into Cas’ cheek, marvelling at the little frown and then smile Cas gave in his sleep, before he burrowed his face into Dean’s chest. Cas’ arm wound around Dean’s upturned hip. Holy shit, Dean could definitely get used to this.
Knowing that he could never fully thank Dean or Cas for the love and care they have given him during the weeks of recuperation, he decided to throw them a Halloween costume party. A brief conversation with Cas led to the discovery that aside from costumes, he had no clue at all about a traditional Halloween, the games, the movies, the fun. This was all about to change. And if some matchmaking occurred as the evening progressed, who was Sam to get in its way? (He had his own TV in his room with a good store of food laid in to keep himself out of the picture for a little while) Sam giggled evilly to himself, oh this was gonna be good!
Dean shook harder, openly crying, pressing his face close to Cas’, the open blue eyes unseeing. Dean pulled Cas to him in a hug, cradling him close as he rocked while sobbing. “Don’t go, Cas. Don’t. No no no no. Please come back to me.” He couldn’t still his shaking hands long enough to properly feel for a pulse.
“I haven’t done a lot of Amsterdam jobs lately. Just need to get my gear.” Cas took out his tool pouch from his inside pocket, rifling through it closely. “The problem is, all the windows are poly-carb. They have extra layers of laminate.” Cas took out a tool, zipped back up the pouch and put it back into his coat. “And obviously there’s a Heskar alarm system, which is the premier unit on the market. That’s got three fail safes. But…if I can just…” He started at the keypad with the tool when the front door opened unexpectedly. Cas dropped the tool, pulled out his gun to point it directly at Dean, who was grinning at him from the doorway, already drinking a beer. He nearly choked on it when he saw Cas’ face. Cas looked up and down the front of the building.
Alastair ran up the stairs of the underground behind them, giving close chase, gun in hand, smacking startled onlookers out of his way.
Cas stared at the closed door for a moment, his new situation catching up to him. “Well shit.” He whipped off his jacket and got to work.
His hand grasped what he was looking for. He pressed the bottle of lube into Dean’s hands. “Oh fuck, Cas, baby. I gotta warn you, I’m not gonna last. Especially when I’m remembering my prime spank bank material of you on a motorbike. That’s really kept me going all these months. And now those delicious noises you made a short while ago…..” Dean pressed them firmly together, eyes closed as he groaned.
Cas joined Dean by the car. As Dean fiddled with his cufflinks, Cas pulled the light purple tie that was hanging from his pocket, wrapped it gently around Dean’s neck and went to tie it into a neat knot. Dean smiled at Cas softly, watching him. He grabbed Cas’ hands to still them, shaking his head as he pulled off the tie and stuffed it back into his pocket. “Not quite yet. And Dukhovich?” He pulled Cas in close to him by his own blue tie, whispering into his ear. “That motherfucker’s gotta go. I may have mentioned already.”
“There is no other plan! The plan is we’re in a cow pasture. That’s the new plan.” Cas stomped ahead, putting as much distance between him and Dean as possible. Oblivious, Dean went round a chewing cow, continuing with the conversation.
Rasputin darted in and pressed both cables to Cas’ temples, electrocuting him. Cas screamed in pain as the wet towel smoked and sizzled. The electrical sounds dissipated when the goon whipped off the towel. Cas was sprawled back in the chair, gripping his knees. He gagged and coughed painfully, glaring up at Rasputin. “I really don’t fucking like you.” He spat at him.
Dean watched this little internal battle with amusement, smile growing wider when Cas stopped straining his head up. “Are you going to play nice, Cas?”
Cas increased his speed, crossing the bridge with a jump, landing in front of Alastair’s second vehicle. He carried on down the canal ahead of them. The soldiers shot at Cas instead. Cas reduced his speed by going up on his front wheel alone, and they quickly passed him. Cas then came up behind, shooting into the vehicle as he kept pace. He got the driver, who flopped over. The vehicle immediately careened over the ledge, landing upside down in the canal.
Dean stepped over two bodies, carrying on up the staircase. The medical helicopter drew near to the building.
Gabriel pulled into the underground parking garage of the local Interpol office. The news played on the car radio.
“Because of you. You used me to climb the Interpol ladder, and here we are again. Oooh.” Cas had made it to the bathroom, where Dean’s blood splatters still shone on the white tile floor. “Are you up for promotion, Gabe?”
Cas made a boy scout salute with his hand against his leg, which was his full range of movement. Rasputin glanced at it.
"Thanks Cas. Can I have them for a week? I'm away on a business trip for most of next week, but I'll see you at the Christmas party, yes?"
Dean wagged his finger in Cas’ face. “You’re an annoying motherfucker, with all your rules and shit. I mean, if he can put up with that, he must really be an exceptional big brother.”
“Do you trust me?” Dean questioned, staring Castiel in the eye, despite looking at the man upside down.
“I’ll admit, that was hot,” Dean continued, oblivious to the look as he shyly pulled his shirt on. “To be honest, I liked that choking thing you did,”
“Glad to have you back, Cas. But not to rush things, we need to get out of here before Lucifer comes back.” Nodding in agreement, Dean made sure Cas could walk before they made there was down the aisle of pews to the front door.
A pipe dream she could get behind, but their kind was shunned after the Alpha was sealed away. Her kind hiding in the shadows once again she was born. Never leaving for fear of death with the surge of genocide afterward.
“Do you two have a compromise or something? Sex and a relationship while he pays for your schooling? Pretty sure leaving bruises on your face wasn’t part of the deal.” Dean stated, face unchanging as he asked. But Castiel could barely make out the concern behind those now intense eyes.
"You know, this whole 'deep cover' thing... It just wasn't - it wasn't a terribly well thought out plan. Donning this - this Cas mask? This grim face of constipation? Just ugh!"
Wait...that weird guy that...that sits in the corner. Quite all the time. Has that...uncomfortable stare. That guy?
Sneezing loud enough that he probably alerted the entire kingdom of where he was, he sniffled in relief when the ordeal was over. It didn’t last long when he heard the loud slam behind him.
some good. Being cooped up in the library is turning you into a hermit. Maybe we can find you a nice girl to bring back here and release some of that tension,”
Dean had just managed to get his heart to calm down only for it to jump right back up to a heart attack.
"He's not Senator Roan, who believed in the cause and survived until She was a nominee for President-"
It was then that Castiel dropped his phone. Pushing it away with his feet, staring at the thing as if it had grown a head.
“You know you don’t have to ask to spoon afterward,” Dean teased in response after gathering up his clothes.
Crying out in pain as he fell to the ground, he reached a shaky hand into the pocket of his robe, pulling out the Ocarina.
“This is crazy,” Sam stated, breaking the silence as he watched his brother pace back and forth, muttering incoherently as he went.
“Let’s do an hour and a half rotations, give sleeping beauty enough rest before his turn,” Bobby confirmed, not taking his eyes off the monitors.
Dean kept him in place from his hold, punching him again to the face and once more but to his stomach.
Watching the steam rise, he braced himself as he descended into the water. Hissing as his joints were soothed by the heat.
"What the hell are you talking about?" Dean demanded, confused by her statement. She smiled, from across the fire, he was able to make out the sharp canines.
“Uh, Ma’am. My friend, he is just coming down from the adrenaline rush and from something being smashed over his back. He may also have a concussion from hitting his head on something after falling from being attacked. He was also scared that this man could have killed him,” Castiel defended, maintaining eye contact with the cop, a hand on Dean’s shoulder to emphasize the point.
“Are you ready?” Castiel spoke softly, a cue for Dean to take his fingers away and push his gaping hole in Castiel’s direction. That and the needy look in the man's eyes as he looked over his shoulder at him. He guided Dean to grasp the metal headboard next to them as he positioned himself on the bed, lining himself up before slowly pushing in.
Dean filed that useful piece of information away and followed him in. The bright high-ceilinged room contained several metal cages of clothes, weapons and supplies all around the walls, as well as a metal staircase leading to an upper level.
Cas sat back, sipping at his tea. “But Dean, you’re gonna go to jail. For a long time. And you might be killed on the way there. So why?”
Cas undid the ribbon, already knowing it was a hard backed book through the wrapping paper. He ripped it open, turned it to the front, placed it on the table and just stared at it.
“And there’s no sign of Agent Novak. Maybe 15-20 dead mercenaries, heavily armed. The media circus is in town. But that’s not the worst of it.” He looked into the empty shell of the van. “Winchester is gone.”
One final bullet from their car chose that moment to go off, hitting the bad guy’s van, causing it to explode in flame. Cas’ expression didn’t change as he watched it burn. Yup. That seemed about right.
Dean yelled “Fuck!” and tossed the now empty gun. Dean had a look at his leg and couldn’t see an exit wound. He hobbled unsteadily to his feet, making his way to the footpath. It was eerily quiet along the street. Gabriel peeked his head around the van, and watched as Dean disarmed a dead bad guy, and hopped up a nearby arched alley. Gabriel figured it was pretty safe now, and ran to follow Dean. He caught up with him a short way up the alley, pointing his gun at Dean’s back.
Dean kicked him brutally in the chest, sending Chuck clean over the edge with a yell. Dean peered over after him. “And that was with my bad leg too, you fucking bitch.”
Cas left the bathroom, shrugging on his suit jacket. It was one of the finest suits he’d ever worn in his life. It was a slightly different shade to the light grey from yesterday, with a finer white shirt. On noticing this, Cas rubbed the sleeve with reverence, spotting the suit bag. “Holy fuck, is this Armani?”
Cas ran off with such force that as he looked after him, Dean suspected he may still have his wings. He turned and saw that Sam was also gone.
popped Kurasawa.” Dean’s mirth quickly left him when he saw Cas’ face. He decided to explain quickly.
Cas pulled the bike around and stopped at the edge of the bridge, lifting his visor to watch Dean as he zipped home free down the canal. Dean looked over his shoulder, blowing Cas a kiss. Cas huffed a little laugh as he smiled after him, forgetting to be mad at him.
"I will hold off on my sigh of exasperation. Really Dean?? He works in your department after all. A very talented photographer if I may say. How have you not met him yet?"
“You look wiped, Cas. Sure you won’t let me drive? Please?” Dean leaned in, placing one hand on Cas’ to emphasise his plea. Cas didn’t move his hand, looking up to Dean. “I can’t.” Dean nodded sadly, sitting back, taking his hand with him. Cas sat back heavily too.
The sun was up when the bus approached Dover. Cas and Dean were seated in the absolute centre of the bus, nuns on all sides. Dean was loudly joining in with the nuns’ Italian folk song, with almost the entire bus clapping and singing. Cas simply sat with a sad frown. Dean was dancing in his seat, jostling off Cas, trying to get him to join in, singing practically into his ear. Cas slowly looked at him, then looked away, wondering when this hell would end.
“Yeah, I’m fine, peachy even. Not concussed at all. Well, there’s your guy.” He pointed to Dean. Gabriel breathed out a relieved breath. “Thank you, Cas.” Gabriel pulled him down for a tight hug. Cas righted himself afterwards, wincing. He had to tell his brother something, face to face, here and now.
Cas watched with a dead panned expression. Of course Dean did that. Of fucking course he did. When he heard the horrible crunch of the final landing, he was honestly uncertain if Dean had impaled himself, cracked his skull open or survived. The sound of the SWAT team got closer behind him. “Holy fucking shit.”
Cas wasn’t the biggest fan of the dark, or spiders, or clowns, fears all caused by his major past experience…… Why the hell had he come in alone???
Sarcastically. “Ok, ok, I guess we will, Jesus Christ!” Cas returned his phone to his pocket, resuming his glare at the clerk.
“Take a mental picture of it. I find it’s safer if we use a car that blends in with the surrounding traffic.”
Gabriel killed the engine and news report with a sigh. This day was going to suck balls. He made his way upstairs.
Dean squeaked, then bucked with a loud whimper. Cas could feel Dean’s cock twitching between them at the comment. Cas licked and sucked down Dean’s neck, taking his time. Dean fumbled with the top of the lube cap so much that Cas took it from him, coating his fingers to work himself open while he attacked Dean’s nipples with his mouth.
Charlie and Jess took deep breaths, held hands, and jumped through the door with a scream. Cas was wide-eyed at their bravery until Dean said to Sam with a laugh, “They’re very brave when they know there’s no scares, aren’t they?”
Dean grinned widely, gently turning Cas on the spot so Dean could grab his hips from the front instead, pulling Cas in close to him. Dean looked at him with an ‘Is This Okay?’ look. Cas nodded, biting his lip, as Dean began moving Cas’ hips against his. Cas was already wide eyed with a dry mouth, allowing Dean to guide his movements. Dean pulled Cas’ arms around his broad shoulders, which Cas couldn’t resist rubbing along, staring into his eyes. He wasn’t able to see the colour in the dim light, but they were laser focused on Cas, accompanying a soft smile. Dean was slightly taller than him, and leaned down to rest their foreheads together, deepening the eye sex as they swayed together.
He pressed a condom and small tube of lube into Cas’ hand. Dean then turned so he faced the door instead, presenting his bare ass in all its glory. He leaned back and guided Cas’ free hand, feeling him go shock still when he found the plug buried in Dean’s ass.
"It was so easy. When you pulled Cas' name out of that hat, every single piece of paper said 'Cas'. They way you both looked at each other, this was inevitable, I just helped it along."
Dean lowered himself down onto his elbow so he could grab Cas’ hair, changing the angle slightly. Cas instantly yelled, keening as Dean hit his prostate head on with every thrust. Cas clutched at Dean desperately, teeth clenching together. Dean smiled to himself. “There it is. Come for me, Sunshine. Untouched. Show me how much you want me.”
In another part of the building, Dean Winchester was buckled into chains as he was brought to an interrogation room with short shuffling steps. He settled into his seat more comfortably, glancing about at everyone with an amused face. He was impressed at the amount of armed officers his presence required, grinning to himself.
Gabriel shook his head and walked away. He did not look pleased. Cas got up to follow, fearing he had gone too far this time. He let the remainder of the deck in his hands spill all over Dean as he passed.
“No, not at all. I meant just, tell us about you. Jess, Charlie and I are all in university here in town. Dean moved out here a few years ago when I did, to help with rent and such. He’s a mechanic and fireman. How about you?”
6pm saw Dean still on his laptop. Charlie rolled her eyes. She and Garth had put the finishing touches to the decorations. They had quite a big open plan office space. Some of the cubicles had been moved aside to accommodate a party area. Heaving tables of food were accompanied with a large crystal punch bowl, which may or have not been spiked. Charlie's lips were sealed. This was a fun office, but every little helps. Once the merry making had begun with Christmas songs blaring loudly, she decided it was time to get Dean.
Cas sat on the chair, watching him. “I saw you got out of the cuffs. How come you didn’t run?” Cas asked curiously.
Cas was hauled onto a stretcher, groaning in pain as he settled down, carrying on a conversation with Gabriel as if nothing had happened, although he grimaced with pain every now and then. “Okay, so here’s what I’ve been thinking - celebrity security. It’s low stress, just boy bands and shit. And hey, if one of those little shits gets killed, no one’s gonna get all that mad at me.” Cas giggled. Gabriel smiled fondly down at his brother, making room for the paramedics as they tucked a blanket around him.
A little while later, Gabriel was watching the events play out on the television news as he stared down at the ringing phone in his hand. Dean was in the bathroom, cutting up along his pants, trying to attend to his gunshot wound. He could see Gabriel through the partly open door, and shouted to him.
Back at the attack site, Alastair surveyed the burnt out vehicles with distaste. They searched the area for footprints.
When they were done, Cas sat back with a happy sigh. He refilled his cup, gulping it back. Dean used some bread to wipe his plate, moaning around the final bites. Diane was over like a shot. “And how was that? Ready for your pie now, honey?”
Alastair’s goons were stuck in a high speed chase with some Interpol cars, trading shots back and forth. There were some car casualties on both sides.
Cas took the bag reverently and peeped inside. When his face lit up as he gave a delighted "Awh!", Dean knew he had done good. Cas drew out a pair of fine leather gloves and a warm blue scarf, and just stared at them.
“Make a shank yet?” Dean began to probe his wound, looking for the bullet. His voice turned pained as he dug around.
The waiting staff member had told Charlie there would be a picture, so they could all try to get in it together.
Dean sat on the bed, gently rubbing Cas’ hair. “Cas? Cas, honey? Time to get up. Time for court.” Dean saw the head shake a firm no. “Yes, yes, wakey wakey Cas.” Dean laughed as his attempt to pull down the blankets was stopped by a firm hold on them from underneath. Dean pulled them off from the side instead, revealing a very grumpy Castiel, glaring at him through one eye. Dean smiled back.
“Rowena’s family, Cas. She’s fierce. She’s saved my ass more times than I’d care to count. Nobody would dare cross her. We’re safe here. She helped me find you.”
Between increasingly frantic kisses, Cas managed to gasp out, “Is this real? You’re really here? Oh!”
Dean burrowed under the covers, opting for the side nearest the bathroom, leaving Cas by the window. He turned on Cas’ bedside light, and flicked off the main lights overhead. He settled on his right side, facing the wall, hugging a pillow, his back to where Cas would be, listening to the shower starting up. Shortly, when he was well on the way towards sleep, he became vaguely aware of Cas moving about the room. Dean shakily remembered thinking how nice it was to have someone in bed with him when Cas sat on his own side. He didn’t remember any more as sleep pulled him under.
Dean passed a man leaning against the last building before the grass. He began to follow Dean at a close distance, eyes laser focused on him. Dean carried on, oblivious, passing a tall hedge on his left. The man took out a large knife and was just about to make a grab for Dean when Cas stepped out of the hedge and yanked the would-be attacker back in with him.
“You see, that’s the right reaction when people find out about your weird car relationship. I like you, Cas. I think we’ll keep you.” Charlie nodded knowingly.
A thick wave of grief surged up in Dean as his heart split open. He buried his face beside Cas’, fresh sobs wrecking through him as he clutched at Cas’ shirt. He cursed all the years he had wasted when he should have just told Cas how he felt, instead of giving in to his own stupid fears. And now, it was too late.
While pondering his options, Cas opened a few shirt buttons, rolling up his sleeves to the elbow. Fuck it was warm in here. He came back to himself, bringing his beer to his lips, glancing to the dance floor.
Dean cracked open one eye, blearily fumbling to turn off that fucking alarm. He blindly punched the screen until it stopped, settling down again with a happy huff. It was only then that he noticed Cas was stretched out on top of him again, face tucked into his chest like before, with the blanket almost completely over his head. His hands fidgeted around Dean, head twitching. Dean squeezed Cas slightly. “Go back to sleep, Cas. I’m here.” He got no response, but felt Cas’ breathing even out again. Dean stroked through Cas’ soft locks gently, wondering again how he had ever gotten so lucky.
“Oh, oh, oh. That any way to greet your brother, bitch?” Dean had the phone on speaker by the sink, as he prepared his instruments.
Dean rounded the car and barely got his own damaged door closed. Once Dean was buckled in, he grinned at Cas. “To answer your question, I’m me.”
Dean chuckled. “You’re like Rambo.” Cas closed his eyes, wondering if anything was broken as Dean sped off.
Dean could already feel his face turning red, but then he looked down at himself, glad of the distraction.
Gabriel was standing nearby, arms crossed, frowning down at Cas. “If Dukhovich is acquitted, he’s back in power next week. I won’t let that happen.”
“No fucking way.” Dean slammed the boot shut, finally finished with his task. “I gotta help you get back that Triple A shit I fucked up. The guilt’s killing me.”
Cas spoke over him. “I got it, you’re going to be that inmate that all the other inmates come to for advice. They’re very lucky.”
Dean was now driving through a little forest, the path fenced in on both sides. A car smashed through the fence, tipping off Dean, following closely behind. The other cars followed, more soldiers leaning out to shoot at Dean. He carried on, oblivious.
Zach joined in. “We have taken every precaution to make sure that your involvement is completely classified.”
Dean leapt up. "No no I have to apologize for last week. I have been under crazy pressure. I didn't drink much, but I was so tired it went straight to my head and made me weird. I swear I'm not normally like that. I'm so sorry."
“This is as close as I’m gonna be to him for a very long time. And in case you’d forgotten, I’m the reason he’s even in there in the first place. It had to be special. I didn’t run off on you, I was just taking care of this errand, and I was going to come right back.”
“Awh man, you are such a little brother, it’s crazy. Going to all this trouble for your big brother’s approval.” Dean landed beside him, grinning from ear to ear.
“Son of a bitch.” Cas muttered to himself. He turned off the junction, continuing on their journey, flicking off the interior light.
The judges conferred. Zach leaned in to whisper something to Jody. Gabriel looked around with a nervous expression.
Dean’s heart ached at the toothy smile Cas threw him. Fuck, he was so beautiful. He hoped he’d put many more such smiles on his face. Dean turned to his food and tea, while Cas sampled his own.
Cas panicked for a split second, as he had not been paying attention to Sam at all with how close Dean had been to him. Suddenly, Charlie gave him a gentle shove, and Cas had no choice but to carefully begin making his way up the stairs. About halfway up, he heard a creak. He turned to see Dean pretty close behind him.
Linking arms with him and guiding them back to Garth, she excitedly flailed her arms as she said, "Come on now Boss, you know you couldn't do without my designer skills. I keep this place afloat. You don't have to do anything except look pretty. Everybody wins!"
They were quickly seated into a booth, facing each other. Dean didn’t even look at the menu, noticing the specials displayed on the board over the counter. The waitress came over, all chirpy and bubbly, too much so for this hour. She spoke with an English rather than a Welsh accent. Cas watched her energy with heavy jealous eyes. He hadn’t been this tired in a long while.
Dean looked after it with wide eyes, reluctantly following Cas down the hall. “It was empty anyways.”
Dean got up and engulfed her in a bear hug. "Best. Present. Ever. Charlie. You've really outdone yourself."
When Cas sent him an audio file of his voice saying “Good night Dean. Sweet dreams.”, no one had to know that Dean wept himself to sleep.
Gabriel nodded hopelessly. The door was loudly whipped off its hinges. Nothing happened for a moment with all the smoke from the cutting machine hanging in the air. Suddenly, Dean burst out with a flurry of bullets. He dropped everyone within range, and viciously attacked anyone he could get his hands on. Gabriel followed, taking out a few that were trying to sneak up behind Dean. He stayed low behind the overturned van, providing back-up.
"Dean. You are young, hot, unattached, and all of this stress is going to send you to an early grave. It's plain not healthy. Come on, it's time to go and unwind. Besides, it's about time you met Castiel. There are only two weeks left to get a gift for him. Have you even thought about that??"
Cas grunted before looking back to the screen. He looked up again when Dean cleared his throat loudly. He was still standing in place, although somewhat more awkward than before. Cas tilted his head and squinted in confusion.
“I told you I like you, Cas. A lot. Had to make sure you were safe. And all the looking out for you before on jobs, I wasn’t lying. I rarely do, actually. You didn’t believe me about all of that?”
Dean’s eyes had widened temporarily at Gabriel’s name, but he recovered his smirk quickly. “You know, Dukhovich’s men have killed every single witness that’s been brought against him. And my security detail’s a dozen off duty cops?” He looked around, not impressed.
“That’s what I thought. You’re lucky there are cameras here, and that the mask took most of the blow. Now get out of my sight.”
The room lit up when Dean pressed the key card into the slot. Cas’ jaw dropped as his wide eyes took in the fabulousness that was Dean Winchester. He wore a simple Led Zeppelin t-shirt, jeans and boots. He still had his longer hair and trimmed beard. Dean gently released him, staying close while throwing Cas a trademark smirk. “Miss me, Cas?”
Cas went upstairs, taking three steps at a time, and knocked on the bathroom door. It gave easily under his knuckle, so Cas peeked his head in to see an empty running shower and an open window. “Fucker said he wouldn’t run!” Cas ran back down the stairs.
Dean stepped out onto the square. Alastair spotted him immediately, speaking rapidly into his microphone. His goons started shooting at Dean from all sides. He crouched down and ran to the street opposite.
“Don’t you listen to him, baby. You’re perfect just as you are.” Dean grinned at him with an already full mouth of crust and apple.
The first agent on the Coventry scene rang Jody as he walked through it. Jody and Zach had the phone on speaker on the table between them, both hunched over it.
Dean smiled at him and looked back to the sea. They rode the rest of the way to Amsterdam in silence.
Cas drained his cup, sitting back with a happy sigh. “I think it’s sweet.” He closed his eyes, pulling the covers back up to his neck. Dean watched his face even out as he slipped into sleep.
As soon as Dean stepped into the room, Mick revealed himself, in Freddy Kreuger make-up and gear. “Dean-o! How you doing? Know i can’t frighten you.”
The police officer turned, slashing with a practiced arm, neatly cutting the throat of the soldier. The other managed to say a few words into his radio, alerting the other guards to Chuck’s escape. He was cut off with a gurgle as the officer plunged the large knife into the centre of his chest. Chuck watched calmly as he slid down the wall, coughing blood weakly. Two more heavies appeared, taking the handcuffs off of the very pleased former dictator.
Dean smiled widely, leaning up to kiss Cas sweetly. He pulled back, grinning into Cas’ face, then snuggled down into his neck again with another happy sigh. Dean resumed his finger tracing, noticing he was now causing goosebumps along Cas’ flesh as he strayed towards his nipple.
Cas pulled himself up and hobbled out of the shop, leaning heavily on the door, allowing Dean to see his state more fully. Dean’s face fell in concern. He dashed out of the car to Cas’ side, cupping his face to look at his bloodshot eyes closely. “Jesus, fuck, Cas. What the hell happened? How many did you take on? Fifty?”
“Here you go, my lovelies. Grub up. And the coffee. I’ll leave the pot there for you. There’s plenty more where that came from.” She poured out two cups for them with a smile before withdrawing.
“Now now, it’s taking longer than expected as I’m gonna get you out the right way, Sammy. A full pardon, so you can go back to your life a free man. How’s that sound?”
Cas was bringing his latest client to the airport. They drove through quiet London streets, Mr Kurasawa in the back seat, nestled between his two wives. Two more cars joined them, one pulling in front of, and the other behind, Cas’ Jaguar. A helicopter circled overhead. Cas’ team made contact through his earpiece.
He turned, clocking eyes with Alastair. Dean gave him the finger as he gave the boat some throttle. Alastair smiled evilly to himself, barking orders. A guy leaned out of the back window, firing an automatic weapon at Dean.
Cas sat back laughing, dropping the cutlery, reaching for the coffee pot. “I’ll not deprive you, Dean. It’s all yours. Just don’t start talking to it or anything. You’re already eye-fucking it obscenely.”
Dean looked up with disbelief, all levity gone. He met the Interpol agent’s eyes. “You’re going to pardon… an innocent man. That’s mighty fucking decent of you, isn’t it?” He did not break eye contact.
Garth was held firmly in place, crushed against the table. “There must be some… other lesson I could teach…” Chuck held out his hand, and a gun was placed into his grasp. On seeing this, Garth fought harder to stand. “NO!”
Castiel nodded, looking a bit puzzled and sat down on the outer seat next to Garth. As the night progressed, and Dean got calmer, he learned a good deal about Cas. He had decided to call him Cas pretty much immediately. Castiel had liked the nickname saying he preferred it to the long version that everyone used. He was inspired to photography by growing up watching nature documentaries, especially David Attenborough. After doing wildlife photography for National Geographic for a while, he wanted to explore more of the world before eventually deciding to settle down in the city. He had had a few of his pictures in the magazine, but that was as ambitious as he had been so far. His parents were gone, he was an only child and didn't really have any other family. These facts were mainly deduced by Garth's questions as Dean didn't quite trust himself to speak much. Did that guy gargle glass?? That deep voice was so sexy. Cas didn't speak to him directly much. Dean didn't blame him, Dean was acting like a complete idiot, getting tongue tied and sweaty. His usual patented Winchester-James Bond charm must have the day off. He couldn't say his goodbyes fast enough when the time came so that he could go lie in the fetal position and wish for the ground to swallow him up.
“Too bright.” The light immediately dimmed enough for Cas to groggily open his eyes. The first thing he saw was a smiling Dean, and he was almost surprised at the surge of instant relief he felt at the sight. Dean had come back for him. Dean had saved him, even after Cas had punched him in the face and told him they were done. No one had ever rescued him before. He’d never been important enough.
Dean leaned in to Cas’ ear again, breathing gently down his skin, causing Cas to break out in a happy shudder. “Fuck, you’re magnificent, Cas.” Dean nuzzled into the side of Cas’ neck. Cas made such a wanton noise that he was glad the loud music covered it. Fuck, when was the last time he’d gotten laid anyway? He could feel Dean chuckling, whispering, “Oh you like that?” Cas nodded briskly, breathing hard, feeling the chuckle vibrations once more.
Castiel groaned low in his throat when he came to. His eyes still closed as his head throbbed in pain. The musty smell wasn't helping, especially since his face was squished into it. He tried not to gag at the wet smell, creaking one of his eyes open. His heart sinking at seeing nothing but darkness. Shifting his head, he realized he was blindfolded. Before he could do anything, he heard a noise off to the left of him.
A chuckle floated through the air, cutting through the sound of rain and the creaking of wood as it became ash. Snapping his head up, he caught sight of a dark figure within the flames, a stark contrast from the orange and yellows of the fire that roared around them.
“Yeah,” his fangs slowly descended, Castiel taking in the missing ones that had been extracted. “You can go to hell.”
This continued on, all was quiet. A couple of dead ends here and there. It became really confusing since there was no map, no indication where the end was.
He could never make it fly. No matter how creased and sharp he made all the edges, it sunk every time.
“Hang in there Cas,” he called out, turning around to grab the biggest rock he could find to beat against the wall repeatedly. Two more hits sent the wall crumbling before him, giving way to another area.
“So he's not coming for you.” Castiel put together, running a hand through his hair as he moved past him. It’s true. Dean’s been here for days and Michael hasn’t shown up. That means...if Dean didn’t love him...would that mean…? He turned around to see Dean hadn’t moved from his spot. His gaze out toward the ocean with the kite in his hand.
He truly believed what he was doing right but it all fell apart. Those people...they were innocent! The crunching ahead of him alerted him that
He glanced up, intrigued to see that each of their respective meters had spiked a little to the right.
"That is not the reason I am here," the voice replied, cold and uncaring, as they ignored the ruckus.
I honestly couldn't wait til the 31st to post this chapter :D and i'm happy to say that this will more than likely be five chapters :D
The one time Dean walked away from the counter to bring someone their order was when this man decided to leave and conveniently bumped into Dean in the process. After apologizing to the couple he was bringing the drinks to, calling to Charlie to refill the order for free, he turned and started the same process with the man.
"So we abducted him, a big wig who we knew Sam would try to save. My demons were able to raise me out of that cage. Taking forever, might I add, breaking all those chains. By Letting Castiel "Wake up" during the purge- and you know the rest,"
“You haven’t stopped training since you got back,” Sam started and Dean can tell he was about to start his lecture on Dean’s recent habits.
“So the Pizza Man finally delivered,” she murmured when he turned she had a knowing smile on her face.
Staring with animal blood until he was able to regain his strength, using his pathetic stature on people to lure them in, sucking the blood until they looked like a dried-up corpse.
“I said, What kind of person would I be if I let someone stumble home. Besides, the bar’s closed, my shift ended. I have plenty of time to drop you off.”
He was confused. Dean had thought this whole time that it was his Father who had kept this secret. Instead, it had been his Mother... this whole time. Rubbing his forehead, he stood to turn his attention to the large, iron, double doors. He could feel the energy begging him to walk through them.
He shuffled the cards into a pile before scooting his chair out so that he could take the empty beer bottle to the kitchen. It was late and Dean was supposed to help open tomorrow.
Instead of responding, he closed his eyes and sunk into the bath until the water was just below his nose.
What Castiel isn't expecting one night was the man to be by himself at the bar. Since the guy has been coming, he's never been alone.
He was surprised when he was told that he managed to apprehend the vase during the struggle. What bothered him about the whole conversation was that they kept asking if he touched the urn. Even though it was wrapped in cloth and in his bag when they found him with it.
Dean stared, completely entranced by the item. His heartbeat quickening at the site, mouth suddenly dry when his eyes saw the item in person.
“Nope, no chick flick moments,” Dean looked Cas in the eye, staring firmly get his point across, Cas nodding, right as Dean opened the door.
Dean stared down at his food, his stomach rumbling for sustenance but he couldn’t bring himself to eat.
Pulling away, the whine of frustration from the man below, Castiel stood up to watch the puckering hole as it anxiously awaited for what was to come. Instead, he placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder to get him to sit up, turning him so he rested his front on the wall. Castiel took his hand and moved it so that his hand rested at his own hole.
They drove for another half an hour, Castiel was truly confused as to where they were going after Dean took another left.
Another hard smack had Dean biting his lip, the stinging and the plug still in his ass, swiftly followed by three more smacks to either cheek.
"I don't blame you," Eldon spoke, the hand that was gripping his hair moved to caress the side of Castiel's cheek. "Of all my little toys, you picked a good one." Castiel shuddered at the term. This was not his choice. None of it.
“We need to leave,” Castiel ordered quickly as he turned to grab his own clothes, putting on his pants just as quickly, he was buttoning his shirt when he realized Dean wasn’t doing anything. “Dean, come on. We can’t stay here.”
“Great. You’re demoted down to Associate. Go see Crowley and get out of my site.” The man jumped at the tone, chills running down their spine before scampering off.
Dean let out a breathy moan at the sight before him, the expanse of skin, the muscles, mouth parted as he gasped and moaned as he continued rocking his hips faster and faster.
“-I can’t,” his voice coming out scared, trembling as the conversation continued. His mind was a mix of emotions as he fought the internal rage that was slowly growing. Clawing its way to the surface.
“Clarence,” Meg’s voice rang out, turning his attention towards the women as she entered the room. He didn’t understand the nickname, but she was so fond of it that he allowed it. He also had a soft spot for her after she came to his service. “Maybe you should slow down,"
Balder did have one enemy, Loki, who watched Frigga in her haste, noticed that she missed one plant. The mistletoe. So Loki made an arrow tip of the plant, gave it to someone else to shoot it, striking Balder dead.
Of course, if someone were to ask how they both ended up tangled up in Christmas lights, later on, neither one would be able to answer.
Castiel felt his cheeks heat up, surely he was completely red at that remark, unintentionally burying his face into this creep’s neck. What he would give to just melt away or suddenly disappear right now. How had this happened? How did it all come to this? Eldon chuckled at the display, bringing his free hand back up to cup Castiel’s hair like he was comforting for embarrassing him intentionally.
The words caught his attention, blue meeting green. A flicker of hope in those eyes as Castiel’s thumb moved on its own. Swiping along the soft, plump lips as those eyes pleaded for him to do something.
By the time someone came to collect the now empty tray did Sam comment that it was late and should head to bed.
His mind started racing, he wasn’t lying, but Cas wasn’t buying it. Its true Dean has known him for so long. Which means there’s only one thing he can do. In an agonizingly slow gesture, he slowly started to kneel. His left knee touching the floor while his right armed draped over his right knee. He looked briefly in Cas’ eyes before letting them settle on the floor.
“So...shall we start?” Indicating to the empty spot he was expecting Dean to be occupying. Making an ‘oh’ face, Dean made his way to the loveseat, taking a moment to compose himself before dropping his pants. Cas didn’t even give him a second look as he was squirting lube on his two-fingers. He did look up expectantly as he rubbed the liquid between his fingers to warm up the lube.
Dean whimpered when Castiel removed his fingers, but Dean gave his butt a small pat to reassure him of what was to come.
As for the ones who wanted sex, he had to make up an excuse over the phone as to why he couldn't do anything. One guy got so concerned that he thought Dean got some kind of butt crab infection. Whatever that is.
Castiel had backed away, thanking them for coming as Dean slipped beside the man and tucked the bill into Castiel's hand. He took joy in watching Cas jump, scrambling to catch the money, cheeks slightly red when he noticed Dean was already out the door before he could return it.
“Have a good day,” The customer said with a smile, the other two people having gotten up from their seats to leave with him.
Head dropping, he tried to compose himself from his kneeling position. The humming under his skin as it tried to pull himself together in order to continue his path but he ignored it. Raising a hand to the man’s forehead, he whispered:
When Dean said no, the bigwig had gotten angry, started calling Dean a high-end prostitute and to suck his dick like the good little fag that he was.
When Dean looked over his shoulder to see the expectant look from Cas, he internally groaned. He started this slippery (no pun intended with lube still in his ass) slope, might as well fall all the way down.
Castiel paused. So far he’s kept what he’s found, but that’s the second time his character took it without asking.
"Please," he started, eyes lifting towards the man when he looked down at Castiel. "They aren't involved in anything."
“Dean. It’s me! Your Brother, flesh, and blood!” Sam gulped out, the glow in his hand disappearing as he held up both hands to show he was unarmed. “You can’t believe the words of this creature.”
“Because you think that if something happens between us and it doesn’t work out, you think I’ll report you to HR or something,”
“Make sure he drinks plenty of water, limits any physical activity for a while, eats and sleeps,” Dean’s attention zeroing in on the voice. It was deep, gravelly and tickled a spot deep down in Dean’s gut.
He's never heard of this place as the car came to a stop along the tree line where all the other cars were parked.
"Have you ever wondered why, on an island where so many people had perished, there isn't a single skeleton or even a bone?"
“How are classes?” The question was not entirely random as Castiel obliged him, informing him about an upcoming assignment and a term paper due next week. “Eli said you didn’t show up the other day.” He tried not to flinch when Eldon’s finger caressed his cheek, the topic changing quickly. Formalities are now out the window and Castiel wasn’t sure how he was going to deflect whatever it is that Eldon was going to bring up.
Castiel mentally scolded himself at the memories of whenever he caught sight of Dean entering the shop, he would get this weird warmth in his belly. It was calming, serene, and unusual. He only remembered this feeling when he first met his boyfriend.
“I don't want to,” he said almost childishly, moving away from the hand. He wanted an explanation. He also needed to get out of here, away from this person. His mind was racing while his body just wanted to collapse into the man’s arms and make love.
“Go to the man,” she spoke suddenly, catching him off guard. “You have 2 hours left. Kevin comes in an hour, I can handle myself until then,”
"Careful how you handle me," Dean commented when Juac placed the first loop around his body. "You might turn me on,"
“Yeah,” he cleared his throat. “That’s me.” He sat up and tucked the small memorial card into his suit pocket. The boy nodded, walking all the way out the door to place the cup on the table. “Thank you...how do you pronounce your name?” Dean questioned, narrowing his eyes as he tried to read the small name written across the nametag.
Dean turned his attention to the last two standing calmly as if their comrades weren't bemoaning on the forest floor in pain. Blondie finally pulled his hood off, a glare at his hair flowed free from the confines. His pale skin made his blue eyes pop.
"Fine." The irritation clear in his voice, the gun lifting from Castiel's lap to under his chin, those fingers gripping harder to expose more of his neck to the barrel. "Any funny business…" leaving the words hanging in the air. From what Castiel could barely see, Dean held up both hands, moving one hand into his coat pocket, showing off an old flip phone before opening and typing out a quick message. Flipping it shut, Dean placed the phone on the table just as the door to the cafe opened, voices and shuffling of shoes filled the air.
the voice murmured, their hand feeling less cold, as it moved its way up past his stomach, pinching his nipples on its way to landing on his neck.
Dean only stopped the kiss to get up, pulling his shirt over his head while Castiel quickly unbuttoned his. The two met in the middle after both having completely undressed. Cas on his knees to meet Dean who was still standing at the foot of the bed.
Dean smirked. 'Boris' had his hand on Dean's shoulder as ‘Juac’, the first man who had been leaning against the tree, got up to walk over towards him while pulling rope from his bag.
"Think of this as," he paused, getting off the bed so he could stare at the naked man before him. "Payback. For making me stand outside your door while you and whomever you brought home that night, listening to everything going on,"
Others were whispering about how Prince Samuel, the one who was to become the advisor of the late Prince, will have to take up the throne now. Even though he’d make a great King, he was no Dean.
He ended up giving her a half-smile before excusing himself from the dinner table shortly before the food arrived.
Leaning up to brush their lips together, reaching down, Dean aligned himself with the puckering hole before pressing in with just the tip. They both hissed in pleasure as Dean slowly started to rock his hips, pushing farther and farther inside.
Dean flipped through a couple of more pages, shutting the book so as to grab another to flip through.
“Bring him to the dungeons. I’ll deal with him shortly,” he commanded, waving his arm to dismiss the demon.
"You brought me the wrong brother!" At that, he turned and knocked everything that was sitting on the altar off. He picked up a cup off the floor before throwing it in a random direction.
He reached through the hole in the man's briefs with the other hand to pull out his prize and holy mother of everything good.
“Dean,” Castiel said, not realizing how deep his voice had become. He brought a hand up to rub at his throat, clearing it slightly just a flicker above the man’s head caught his attention.
“Dean… I don’t understand,” Castiel stated, unsure, as he watched Dean walk into the room with a rather large box in his hands.
Dean stared, trying to wrap his head around what the man just said. If what he said...this isn't real. There's no such thing. Dean's not a religious man, but there's always a possibility with proof. But this is just downright impossible.
“Out the back,” Dean scrambled to shut the door, grabbing the closest thing, a candelabra, to stick in the handles to keep the door closed.
The words Dean said playing through his mind. It was clear as day. He was blinded by this man, thinking there was something that could possibly happen between them.
Dean nodded, his tongue sticking out as he began to run it along Cas’ length. Back and forth before swirling his tongue at the tip.
“Funny, I thought the same thing,” Dena commented, noticing he was able to move his pinky. He tested other parts of his body, foot, hand then his head. He was able to move it slightly.
He shook his head while raising his coffee to his lips, opting to sit outside in the cool morning air. Waiting for time to fly until he had to go in for work at nine. Glancing down at his watch, internally groaning that it was only after seven.
he thought to himself, watching the man from the corner of his eye as he watched the front door as patrons come and go.
The people scrambled, one of Dean's bullets finally hitting a target. They cried out, limping towards the open car door.
Art has been done by the AMAZING  The Friendly Pigeon!!! ^^ I love her artwork, so freaking amazing :D :D
When did his face get so hot? He brought a hand to his cheek, feeling the slight warmth beneath his fingertips.
It was like Castiel didn’t have control over what he did next. Later he’ll say it was the booze that made him reach out for Dean’s wrist. Keeping him there as he whispered ‘please stay’.
Before Dean could think of how much he enjoyed the sensation of being manhandled, the stinging in his as completely distracted him.
If Castiel hadn’t been regularly attending those yoga classes, this definitely would have felt awkward.
Click. Empty. The sound of the hammer being cocked again. A chill ran up and down Dean’s spine, his heartbeat slamming against his rib cage.
Just then the doors behind Dean opened, causing him to fall back. But he never fell the ground; instead, he felt arms hooking his and lifting him up. Looking at the people who grabbed him, he almost jumped out of his skin at the sight of the black eyes.
“And you can show me more of this kinky side of yours,” The wink through Castiel off guard for the second time.
"What are you up to," Castiel attempted, his voice as professional as he could get it at the moment.
Before either one said a word, Sam was reaching up to grab the collar of his shirt, pulling it to the right to reveal a tattoo. There, right at the collar bone was a bold, black inked number.
“Little shit!” The last words he heard, the three Eldon’s angrily looking at him before pouncing. Castiel yelped in surprise as the two went tumbling out of the booth. A stray trail of blood leaked from the man’s hairline, his face is close to Castiel’s as he uttered. “You’ll pay dearly for that.”
“Dean,” Cas tried to keep his voice stern, losing all resolve when Dean sucked his thumb to the knuckle.
The cries of the dragon echoed as he tried to escape its prison, thrashing, and growling as it tried to reach for Dean.
Choosing the next item, he lathered it extensively. This is as big as anyone could get so it should be good.
"Still, it's overly generous." Castiel tried, even going as far to take a step back, his tray held to block Dean from placing it in his apron.
He felt the gooseflesh raised along his body as the temperature in the room dropped, Dean, shivering before it was suddenly gone.
He lost track of how many times he wandered around the junkyard, making sure the area was secured. So far no one has set foot in the area, if that had happened, Bobby would have called over the walkie to alert him of anything.
“This must be some kind of kill the minotaur in order to escape,” he mumbled to himself. But then again, there was nothing mentioned about what was in the maze from what he’s read.
The two had agreed that Sam would stay to watch Bobby and the bunker. After helping to set up and checking the current traps, making sure everything was safe and secure.
“That's not the dragon. That's the sign,” Michael stopped him, staring at the red sparks descend, illuminating a silhouette in the distance, moving to the front of the ship to get a better view. “Dean!”
Uriel let out a strangled shout when he felt something scratch along his face, feeling the skin breaking, the smell of fresh blood filling the air. He glanced up to witness Castiel bringing his fingers to his lips, licking a droplet from them.
Castiel noticed a slight crack in the man’s voice, curious as to what he was thinking about at that moment.
A simple white long-sleeved shirt with a green jerkin tied off in the front with a black cord. Black trousers and boots to complete the outfit. He’s worn these clothes before but now, for some reason, they started to feel stifling.
Amidst the moan of protest, Castiel tore himself from the man’s side to cross the room and out the door.
He stared in horror as the man stood up straighter from his leaning position on the rail of the Life Guard tower. His ID tag dangling from his lanyard, the name "Castiel" next to a headshot.
Needless to say, someone’s icing may have gotten a hole in it down the line, which ended up on someone’s face. The retaliation of the other squirting some back.
Looking at his screen, the phone was locked but the notification still showed despite him turning those off because he woke up with multiple notifications saying “
“You ready for my Cock,” Dean questioned right as he pulled out the Dildo, Castiel containing his whimper at the sudden empty feeling.
Every part of him seemed to fade away as his lips easily slid along the man. Need, want, lust slowly taking its place the longer the kiss went on.
“Now tell me,” Castiel continued, turning his back to the man and to the table behind him. Full of interesting gadgets that Alastair had laying about. He picked up a metal pin, the length of his forearm.
He concluded that he couldn’t trust anyone in the castle. Everyone seemed to have an association with magic.
He smiled, even though he was surprised to see the brunette when he saw the hand waving from there table. Making his way over, he spotted a vaguely familiar figure sitting with Hannah and Meg.
The kind that when he wakes up in the morning, he either has a mess to clean or a problem to take care of.
"It's ok, I'm just surprised that you managed to have a waitlist of two months. I've only had that happen a handful of times for me,"
“Castiel you okay?” the concerned voice of Alfie called from the kitchen. He must’ve heard Castiel drop his phone.
“Pray tell,” she finally asked after watching the man squirm under her gaze, his hands clenching and unclenching as he debated over what to do.
“Then I’ll fetch it myself,” Dean put simply like it was no big deal. He’s been outside the castle numerous times. Running errands and doing his Father’s bidding. This is no different. Finding the thieves that stole a vase? That’s nothing.
"What do you want to do first," Dean asked, pulling Castiel from starring around them. "We can get something to eat or walk the path first then come back and eat?"
Before he could do anything else, he felt a finger under his chin, forcing him to turn to look into those glowing blue eyes.
"Cas," Dean started, pulling away from the man's neck, probably gonna be a whole bunch of hickies their, to try and look into the Cas' eyes.
The room was quiet again, Castiel allowing Dean to take his time. The one thing he’s learned from the start was not to force him. Doing so would result in Dean clamming up.
He couldn't help it when his hips jutted forward just a bit, but it was enough to elicit a choked noise from the man. Blue eyes closed, head falling back against the headrest at the surge of pleasure from the feel of the vibration from the back of the man's throat.
“Sir?” tilting his head towards the source, he squinted at the lower rank demon that was disturbing his time. The man stood tall, looking off into the distance so as not to make eye contact with his boss. “The raiding party has returned,”
"Ah, that's right," Eldon's hands disappearing from Castiel's hair, the gun still in place. "I want you and that family of yours gone."
The quiet between the two brothers didn’t last long as the sound of a knight with their clinking armor approached the library.
“Now I understand what it's like to be away from the one you love. You were against our wedding, I remember,” The argument, despite how long ago, played in his mind as if it were yesterday. They had gotten into a fight about how this marriage was a joke. Originally Sam was supposed to marry Michael, but Dean wouldn’t let Sam do it. Sam was dating someone. Dean just doesn't know who it was, but he was pretty sure that his parents would disapprove of it.
Even now, lying in his bed with his latest conquest on the other side of his king-sized bed, did he let himself wallow in the emptiness.
Gasping out on the last note, Castiel opened his eyes as he took in his surroundings. He was covered in sweat from all the exertion. He slowly rose to his feet, pocketing the instrument as he got his bearings. He wasn’t expecting the sounds of waves crashing around him, the moon shining bright overhead.
The notification flashed on his lock screen, reminding him that he was in the middle of the game some hours ago.
Something stroking his cheek snapped him out of his haze, but a new problem arose when he realized he couldn’t move. He could feel the soft texture of whatever he was laying on, possibly a bed with something really warm by his side.
“It’s ok. You don’t have to do this,” he trailed off, placing his hands in his pockets, ready to start his journey home. Although, he didn’t get far when a hand caught his elbow in a gentle grasp.
Hands gripping his shoulders as he toyed with kissing and licking, enjoying the man below as he writhed in pleasure at the attention.
The gentlemen who gave him the ‘M’ was pleasant, nice even. Handsome too wearing a business suit, clean-shaven. But something just seemed off with the guy and it made Dean shutter. The stiffness of the handshake and the intense look.
His nose crinkling at the thought of the last man, the one who gave him the card with an A. He wouldn’t give him the time of day. He looked like he was rolling around in the streets for a while with the way he was dressed and smelled. Some kind of rotten egg smell.
Eldon hummed, Castiel holding in a shudder when he felt the man's fingers ghosting along the left side of his neck.
It’s true, Dean thought to himself while his mother guided him out of the library. She waved him goodbye before walking back in.
"You're used to being feared," Dean started calmly. "You don't know what it's like to be loved. A man or a dragon - I love you for who you are," his heart wanting to burst out of his chest when the Dragon inclined its head as if letting him know he was listening.
“How will sexual intercourse make this year any different?” Castiel asked, truly confused at the comment. He watched Dean’s hand pause at reaching for something inside, shaking his head the comment before looking up at him.
It must’ve been the way she said, he would tell himself later after he looked up. Accidentally making eye contact. The smirk on her face was enough for him to know he was caught now and wasn’t about to let go.
“You want this,” Castiel asked, removing his fingers so he could rub his cock along the cleft of Dean’s ass.
"Sir?" Castiel questioned, gazing down at the man. Dean had his eyes downcast, his free hand sitting on the table in a clenched fist. Castiel watched as Dean pushed the food away.
"If he gets ahold of that vase, this will have all been for nothing!" Shouted knife guy temporarily distracted as they turned their anger towards their companion. Taking the opportunity, Dean pulled one of the knives out of the tree trunk, throwing without aiming towards the owner.
Back in the van, another agent shouted at Gabriel. “Agent Novak! God dammit, there’s too many!” He was dropped by a shot to the head that came through the open door above them. Gabriel spun, aimed, and took out the sniper through the opening. He shot again, dinging the door which banged closed. Gabriel flopped back, only then noticing that Dean was removing the chains from his legs, almost completely free.
"Can't help you anyway pal, don't even know what you could get her." Dean smiled. "Who do you have Charlie." The elevator dinged.
Chuck Dukhovich and his personal army arrived at a remote run down house. They began searching and trashing the place as Garth Asimov sat shaking at the kitchen table. A guard stood at each shoulder. Garth began to shake even more as Chuck sat across from him, staring at him without blinking.
Dean coughed as he righted himself. “So much for your intricately calculated travel plans. That’s why I was trying to bounce on your ass, you see, it’s safer for you if I’m on my own.”
Cole tightened his hold on his gun nevertheless. Dean laughed away to himself as they pulled into a narrow street. There were parked cars close to each side. Gabriel rubbed his palms down his legs again. He had an awful feeling that something was coming. The agents nervously looked out the windows. The whole van was tense.
Ignoring the groans of protest, Dean opened the passenger door for Cas, who smiled and sat in quickly. As the others fumbled into the back, Cas ran his hands along the smooth dash. This car was clearly well cared for and well loved.
Cas drew his ringing phone out of his inside pocket. “Just help me to understand-“ He broke off as soon as he spotted the name “Pure Evil” flashing up on the screen. Cas’ eyebrows rose in disbelief, and he gave a sarcastic smile. He thought to himself, “Oh this should be good.” He held up a finger to the clerk. “Just give me a second here.”
Dean pulled them off the highway, racing along quiet streets towards the centre of the city. Alastair’s guys were placed along all routes heading downtown. One team was parked nearby and spotted them driving past. There was a flurry of activity as they raced to catch up, speaking into radios to give the position to the whole team.
“What a pretty little town. Old narrow streets, buildings nice and close. Lots of great views from all of those windows…. ” His voice trailed off as he looked outside meaningfully.
She stepped outside the room briefly, returning with another tray, settling that in front of Dean on the bed. “Now, you boys eat up. It’s leather night, so I have to go show my face downstairs, but I’ll see you in the morning. Tiny’s on the stairs, so don’t worry about anything.”
He headed out to meet them, stopped at the top of the stairs to cast one more critical eye over the Bunker before he closed the door after himself, put his hands into his hoodie pocket and assumed a sickly air and expression to keep up his charade for another little bit. Dean and Cas were just getting out of the car as he arrived, laughing together at something Dean had said. Damn they looked so happy, this had better work! Cas reached in to get the bags, not noticing that Dean continued to look at him longingly. Sam loudly cleared his throat near Dean, causing him to leap out of his skin.
He quietly made his way out and shut the door behind him. Dean spent several more minutes looking at the prints. Charlie had been right, Cas was incredibly talented.
Dean pushed the door open, holding it wide for Cas. The place was deserted, but there was loud music even in here, along with the same dim light. Dean pulled Cas into the end stall, pressing him up against the door as he leaned over to lock it after them. This movement brought their faces very close together. He stared heatedly at Cas, eyes roving over his features. Cas couldn’t take it anymore, grabbing Dean’s face and pressing their lips together at last. Dean was completely onboard with this, groaning into Cas’ mouth. Dean pressed himself fully against Cas, elbows on the door on either side of his head as he began rutting against him. Cas moved one hand to grab into Dean’s hair, deepening the kiss. Dean wrapped one arm around Cas’ waist, pulling him ever closer in to him with a moan. Dean could feel Cas’ hard length as he hefted Cas’ leg up around his hips, pushing their erections together.
The first guy led with his gun. Cas grabbed his wrist, yanked him in further and off balance. Cas whacked the rolling pin off his face, then off his wrist until he dropped his gun. Cas wrapped the rolling pin around his throat, gripping him in a firm headlock. The Belarusian flailed wildly, shoving against Cas, pushing him back into the kitchen door which slammed into the second guy’s face, and also trapped his outstretched hand, dropping his gun. This loosened Cas’ grip, so while keeping the door shoved closed with his back, he kicked the first guy solidly into the chest. He luckily tripped and fell face first onto the grill, screaming. Cas stared at him with a confused head tilt wondering what the hell had happened.
Gabriel heaved in welcome breaths as he turned to look for his saviour. Cas was standing with his back leaning against the doorway, one arm clutching himself. The other was outstretched with a gun in hand, steady as a rock, as Cas glared death at Zach. Once he saw Gabriel was safe, the arm started to shake, and Cas slumped into a heap.
"What have you done?" Castiel question, all manner of professionalism out the window as he tried to figure out what happened. He was in the middle of a session with a patient when the alarms went off. The lights shut off, the sound of gunfire, after that, he was hit over the head.
“But I can save you,” he can feel teeth gently grazing his ear lobe, followed by something wet tracing the shell of it.
To be honest. I only intended this story to be 4-5 chapters long. But someone *stares at Cas and Dean* decided this needed to be longer. *sigh*
He was only one out of five people in the world with this special ability of his. The only reason he knows about this was because of one google search and he was contacted by an unknown number.
Honestly, they just met just after his father's funeral and this girl was moving things along quicker than Dean wanted and that was saying something. Before, he loved fast and frisky women, but now, it didn't feel the same.
“Another,” he demanded, the utter silence was deafening. But no one questioned him as one of the servants placed a nervous-looking person before him. Shaking as they looked around, trying to figure out where they were.
He was about to click the box but the screen changed, the somewhat familiar black background with the white words saying:
A roar above had the brothers look up at the Dragon circling around. It made one more circle before it dove
Sam peaked around the corner of the door to make sure his brother wasn’t pulling his leg, moving all the way in and closing the door for privacy. His face pinched with concern as he tried to start the conversation.
“Turn around,” Castiel spoke low, letting go to let the man move. “Against the seat,” he pointed towards the opposite spot. Dean moved quickly, leaning his front on the cushions leaving his back end exposed.
Dean watched through half-lidded eyes as Cas carefully maneuvered himself out from between his legs and leaning forward to place a kiss to Dean’s forehead before getting to his feet.
Castiel remembered when he first met his Mate, all those centuries ago. He already had a vast knowledge of his powers and full control over them.
Castiel has been the Maître D of the local "The Corner Place" restaurant for three years now. He moved from the busy city of New York to the quiet workings of Lawrence, Kansas.
"Dean, we have to at least try. If not, then we don't know if this Castiel guy is the one that could end once and for all," and damn it, the puppy dog eyes.
Just short of his twenty-fifth birthday, Dean Winchester is the firstborn to John and Mary Winchester. First in line to the throne, after he marries and his father steps down from old age, he will rule over the Kingdom his family had built many generations ago.
“How can I not be?” he answered simply while watching her flick her dark hair over her shoulder. She gave him a knowing smirk. “With him by my side, I will be invincible.”
Dean watched and felt Cas place a hand on his hip as he guided his cock to Dean's hole. Gripping the armrest, the feeling of his cock was much bigger than the plug.
Luckily it had cooled enough to where it didn’t burn him but the wasted coffee! He could hear the woes of the spirits crying out at the spill.
He pulled his hand away from his neck to straighten his outfit, looking down at the attire that had been picked out for him.
Glancing at his watch for a brief moment, he turned his attention back to the building. The girl was a big help in finding where he was going. It wasn’t too far from where he was, which was a lifesaver.
Dean had kissed his neck, followed by a swipe of his tongue in a small spot at the junction where his neck and shoulder meet.
"Cas," Dean whispered, his movements stopping, his head moving back to look at Cas in the dim light, "We're gonna get caught if you don't-"
Dean peeked around the building's corner. The coast was clear on the streets, but he wasn't going to risk it. He turned around and headed for the alleyway.
“You’re keeping your options open like we talked about and that’s not a bad thing. Were you able to at least climax?”
It took some time for the red-headed witch to make her appearance, taking every passageway possible to get to his small throne room.
The banging on the door calmed eventually, allowing the four to release the anxious breath they’d been holding it the entire time.
“And you call me a sap,” Dean commented before leaning in to seal their lips together under the mistletoe.
"Dean, are you- you know we- we talked about this," Cas stuttered out when he saw Dean pull out a box from his pocket.
That interested the Alpha immensely. He rose to his feet, the urge to break something rising given his frustration.
The kid is a freaking genius. Glancing over his shoulder one last time, he walked through the doorway towards the throne room.
“Ok, enough with the small talk,” she cut in before Castiel could attempt any other conversation. “Your brother told me he introduced you to Dean,”
Castiel wasn't upset. He really can't be. At the time he had wished it was him during those moments. Instead, he had to stand outside the door, per Dean’s commands, and battle a raging hard-on every time.
He felt a small smack to his ass causing him to bite his lips, letting his head hang when another followed closely behind.
He could swear some of the maidens and male servants had pointed ears, like the two thieves in the woods.
He didn’t have long to chose when they heard rapid footsteps heading their way. Dropping it right then and there, the two sprinted down the dark alleyway.
“Cas,” Dean called out, eyes scanning the apartment for his elusive boyfriend. It’s been two hours and there hasn't been a peep from the man.
"Do you know what you want? I'm buying." Sam's words final, leveling his brother with a look while Dean bit his lip to keep the retort. This was one of the reasons he did not want to take over. People had been treating him differently, paying for everything, giving him stuff. It's all fine and dandy, but it gets old real fast.
Also, I apologize. The ending of this chapter had to be redone so many different times because I changed it multiple times. I hope everyone enjoys what was decided ^^;;
Without a glance over his shoulder, he hopped onto his means of transportation and peddled into the slowly waking town. The glow of the sun was peeking over the horizon by the time he reached the small coffee shop around the corner from his job.
Sam's eyes narrowed, flinching in pain. Smirking, Dean raised a hand, green energy flowing around his fist, readying himself before bringing his fist down. He was sure he was going to make contact but he was suddenly weightless and flying backward. Grunting under his breath when he collided with the floor, searing pain spreading from the back of his head. In a daze, he was vaguely aware of the form above him, this new weight settling on top of him as he blinked the fog away.
Castiel was glad that he didn’t run into anyone on the way out. ‘Small victories’ he thought while grabbing his bike. He flinched every now and then at the sudden pull in his leg as he peddled to the coffee shop, a trip that took twenty minutes, thirty depending on traffic. If people would let him cross at the intersection.
Pulling at the taped edge, he carefully unwrapped it, trying not to rip the paper. A weird habit he’s picked up pm. Why waste perfectly good paper when you can reuse it?
Dean and Cas looked at each other then back at the phone. Looking out, the could demons scattered around the bunker in Bobby’s salvage yard. Some of the traps were already sprung with bodies hanging in the air or laying across the ground.
The buzzing under his skin seems to have settled down after that crazy morning. That cold, ghostly sensation...but after that moment, he felt much better. Energized if anything.
“Either he got lost or was hungry enough to eat it raw,” laughed the second, removing his hood to reveal a mess of black hair and a scruffy gray beard.
'Cas' brought one hand up to silence him, then bringing the finger to his chin. Looking away in thought before a wide creepy smile appeared.
“You liked it,” Castiel after a few beats of silence. “He did something different,” he gauged, head tilting to the side. He was curious.
“And you’ve been my friend since I was able to walk and talk,” Balling his hands into fists, Castiel closed his eyes, wishing it was enough to block out whatever else Dean was going to say.
“But you never answered any,” A smirk on her face, resting her cheek in her propped hand as she watched the man squirm.
Of course, the added hot chocolate and pizza was Dean’s idea as they settled in for the night. The Christmas lights around the apartment gave a soft light for both of them as they watched their movie in peace, enjoying each other’s company.
By his 25th birthday, Dean Winchester, the oldest son of John and Mary, had inherited the fortune after his parents were killed in a car accident.
“Exactly,” Bobby agreed, “I like this guy. Probably the only Medic I’ve seen that knows anything about the MMA.” Giving Dean’s leg a quick pat, he looked towards Garth. “Anyways, we’re gonna grab our stuff from the locker room,” and with that, they left, leaving Sam, the Medic, and Dean.
Squinting a bit, Castiel could make out a white horse-drawn carriage in the middle of the trees, coming to a scene of penguins and polar bears.
Letting out a deep breath he hadn’t realized he’d be holding, he let the man go. Watching the trainee stand up quickly, bow with a fist on his chest before walking away.
“Hey Bobby, did you get that?” He muttered into it with his eyes laser-focused on the area before him.
Dean ignored the smirk from his brother as he pulled out his phone, dismissing Rachel by mumbling something about maybe tomorrow? Rachel pouted, leaning back, and pulled her phone out. Dean rolled his eyes, glancing up at his brother whose smirk turned into a smile.
“I’m not fond of survival games,” Sam’s voice cut in during their momentary pause. Castiel looked over at him, a little surprised he spoke.
He wanted to close his eyes, another act of defiance that he could add to his list. He also did not want to witness the black that filled what were the greenest eyes he’d ever seen. Knowing he’d let this happen. Knowing...that he was supposed to kill this man before any of this was supposed to happen.
“Do you want your usual?” He asked, getting right to the point as he started unbuttoning his own shirt.
“And I don’t have to,” the words final as he finished what he was doing, standing with the intention to walk away only to pause when she said that she’d just ask more until he finally does.
Dean grit his teeth hard enough to feel them chip as white-hot pain began spreading through his body. Eyes closed tight, body giving way from the shock, his back hitting the wall so now he was sitting flat on his ass with his legs on either side of the body before him. Castiel had kept a firm grip on Dean’s wounded shoulder while his other hand gripped Dean’s bicep to keep him in place, the new position not hindering him at all. In fact, all he did was move closer, each knee under Dean’s thighs, almost pinning him into this awkward position. A whole head taller, Castiel brought himself lower and maneuvered himself to speak into Dean’s ear.
Dean bit his bottom lip, head falling back as Cas began to pump his cock. His body shook as he tried to hold back from cumming too soon.
Having someone ejaculate during these sessions is not uncommon. Like Castiel thought earlier, he’s had to do it professionally before. It’s one thing to see Dean’s dick, but to have it in his hand now. Castiel had to work on his breathing, trying not to get caught up in the moment. He kept his focus on the matter at hand, eventually getting the toy in sync with the stroking of Dean’s length.
In here, the deserted hallway, he removed his hat and trench coat before checking the room key Crowley handed off to him.
“Clean this mess up.” Dean started, the comment directed at the man as he brought a hand up to rub at his forehead. He took a deep breath in, held it for a few seconds, then let it out. “And you.” He stopped in front of the nervous-looking man, reaching to take the gun from his hand and handing it off to another person who walked by as they started cleaning up the area. “What’s your rank?”
He licked the tip with the flat part of his tongue, lapping up any precum that was leaking, all the while staring up at Dean who looked back with pure lust.
Turning his attention towards his bed, he saw the covers and pillows all clumped together into a pile in the middle of it.
The man gave him a look as he pulled the rag from his shoulder to wipe the counter from where he accidentally spilled some of the liquid.
“Son of a…” he trailed off, looking from the door handle to the stained glass in the door. Looking through, he couldn’t see anything. It was like these people that owned the church didn’t bother to clean their windows.
“I guess,” not sure how to go about this. “Just, text me when you get home and tell me how you’re feeling. You have my cell. But I’m giving you homework tonight,”
“Where is everyone?” he finally asked, noting that their party was missing among the scattered corpses. From the corner of his eye, he watched the demon shrug her shoulders.
“In an hour or so, or whenever his business meeting ends. Everyone is supposed to be leaving for lunch today,”
“Says the people who kept everything a secret from me,” he retorted, his senses tingling at the back of his mind while his eyes searched methodically for a shadow or a glimpse of his brother.
“He confesses,” he started, bringing the blade in his hand into view. “How long he’s looked for a place to worship and,” he squatted to Castiel’s height, a smirk on his face. “I’ve put him on his knees,”
"Black coffee?" A voice asked a moment later, pulling three sets of eyes in the voice's direction. The familiar blue eyes of Castiel giving his best service smile, holding out the first cup. Dean held his hand up, thanking him as he took his coffee. As Castiel distributed the other two, Dean was reaching into his pocket and pulled out a crisp twenty-dollar bill.
“He looks good. Didn’t know he was dating someone though,” He made an ‘oh’ face as he fiddled with his cup, trying to keep himself busy.
I am posting this earlier than my posting days because I haven't updated this story in some time and I apologize. I hope everyone enjoys this next installment ^.^
His army was becoming restless, wanting blood and revenge after all the years of waiting for his return. Now that he was, he was holding them back. But none of them were willing to go against his command. The display of power he demonstrated at the very beginning of his return was enough to quiet even the most bloodthirsty among them.
She had the most devilish look on her face as she waved her wand, Castiel watching the stain lift and disappear in the air.
Slowly he pushed his middle finger in without any resistance. He started slow, in and out, hearing the slight hiss from Dean every now and then. It didn't take long for Castiel to add the second digit.
"Now that we know how to get in, you're almost useless, if you weren't my brother's vessel. Now that I walk among you with this meat suit, we can move forward with bringing Hell to Earth."
“Are you sure you parked it along the street?” Dean asked a few minutes later after not finding anything.
Ducking under the stone into the new chamber...no...cavern. This place is huge! Staring at the giant cave.
‘This thing was acting like a Tamagotchi’ Castiel thought to himself as he clicked yes. Because why not? What sicko wouldn’t feed their character?
“No…” his voice sounded dejected which had Castiel raising a brow. “I was trying to cheer you up,” he continued.
“Thank you for coming to my rescue,” he thanked when Michael came up to wrap a blanket around his shoulders. Dropping to one knee before Dean to fit the blanket comfortably, a hand coming to rest on Dean’s cheek.
“I’m sorry to interrupt, but there is some business to discuss,” he said while eyeing the witch up and down as he stopped just before the Alpha.
“None of your business,” Dean commented, tearing at his ceremonial robe, twisting and braiding it with the rest of the strips to become a tightly woven rope.
Gulping, his throat suddenly dry, he looked down at himself. Maybe he should have worn a shirt? Too late now, taking in his black sweat pants.
A strong gust of wind descended upon them, bringing in dark clouds and extinguishing the ceremonial fires, everyone curling into themselves in fright at the sudden change.
He couldn’t bring his eyes up, opting to sit back on his heels, hands clenched into fists on his thighs. Keeping his gaze downwards, like a good soldier. Accepting his new fate. He failed those he cared about and now he’s going to take the repercussion with his dignity still somewhat intact.
He placed the card back on the table, his mind reeling that four people had given him identical cards. What’s sad is that the only one standing out was the first guys. Those blue eyes grounding him to the spot as he fumbled with his words to apologize.
“It’s a puzzle though,” Castiel clarified, shifting some of the cards so they could go another round.
She looked up when she heard the clunking of his shoes on the expensive tile, her lips painted red as they pulled back into a smile showing off her purely white teeth.
“The usual?” Castiel managed, taking the smile from the guy as a yes. “To go as well?” they nodded. Turning his back, he mentally scolded himself for realizing that the entire coffee machine had been disassembled for cleaning. “It’s gonna be a while...” the words trailing, his hand falling to his side when he turned his head to find Meg appearing from nowhere by the man's side.
“Do you remember this?” Mary asked, pulling out the little origami dragon he had made years ago. When he wished dragons were real but learning the tales about what they did made him weary. Dean accepted it graciously.
"The things this one can do, in the bedroom alone?" Castiel wanted to puke at the shudder of delight in the man’s voice. "Let's just say he's willing to do
“Watch out! It's very high up here!” A figure emerged from the darkness which made Dean’s heart thump as he took in the man before him, the voice was familiar, he wore nothing but a poorly wrapped cloth covering his nether regions.
“I told you specifically not to let him in!” Bobby all but shouted, the three of them were huddled in the main room while their unexpected guest was placed in one of the “guest” rooms.
It was its massive size that made Dean drop his sword suddenly to duck out of the way, its body and air around him causing Dean to lose his balance, tripping into the boat. Hitting his head on the bench he had been sitting on.
When the tail lights of his friend's car disappeared down the street is when a black SUV pulled up next to Castiel. The passenger window rolled down to reveal a pale, familiar face that gave Castiel a predator smile.
Castiel heard and felt the unbuckling of his belt, the zipper being pulled down, hissing when the warm hand pressed against his dick through the material of his underwear. He felt Dean’s face move closer, the smooth skin of his shaved chin touching his cheek. The cologne he was wearing sending shudders through Castiel’s body, his legs nearly collapsing when he felt a light kiss to his neck. One after another, covering Castiel’s entire neck as Dean’s hand continued to torment him through the cloth.
“Give me your hand,” Dean half demanded half asked as he held his own out. He watched the man lift up his own hand to stare at it.
Castiel gripped the plug again, pulling it completely out. He stared at the puckering hole once again as he placed the used item on the towel he just produced from his bag.
“Dean you don’t want to do this, you’re still under the Incubus’ spell,” when Dean pushed Cas onto the bed.
But the first couple of guys who helped him, one had been a real asshole. Another, geez, it was his first day! Don't get him started on the one was hitting on him right in the middle of prepping, went to touch Dean without his permission. His excuse was that he thought Dean would have been 'ok' with it.
“Gesture?” Dean started with a huff of laughter. A pang of something went straight to Castiel’s heart at that. “If you’re talking about you’re status-”
"Grande, Iced, Sugar-Free, Vanilla Latte With Soy Milk." The brothers looked at the girl with equal parts confusion before Sam looked to Dean with a 'and you chose this' expression.
“It doesn’t matter, I might delete it,” Pushing his phone into his bag, he pulled his textbook closer to him.
Not to mention that ghostly chill that seemed to find itself on his body at the most inopportune time. He’d be discussing something and what felt like a hand sliding over his nipple.
When Castiel came in, the guy was the total Professional that he was supposed to be. Kept the talking to a minimal, did his job with precision because he knew what he was doing and the guy was really gentle.
“I-uh- was looking something up for a game,” he said truthfully, clicking out of a chatroom for ‘Escape the Maze’.
"It's fine," Castiel panted out, repeating it over and over, looking up at Dean. The darkness making it hard to read his facial expression.
He felt his chest warm when the thoughts of their quiet evenings together came to mind, Dean cooking dinner for him, watching the man take care of his garden, watching him work with his shirt off…
“That doesn’t answer my question,” Dean muttered out through clenched teeth, struggling against whatever was paralyzing him.
He was also secretly grateful that he hadn’t spotted that weird energy crackling around his brother’s head like he’s seen before. Nor any of the delusions from the days prior. Like everything had gone back to his standard of normal. He was probably lacking in sleep, the illusions were just a sign of his need to sleep longer.
After her nest and the Alpha had settled in, it didn’t take long for the followers to show up. The numbers counting into the hundreds, thousands now.
But Dean did pop his head up and turn it towards Cas, who was sitting on the floor next to him, in time to make eye contact with him.
His heart gave a loud thump, a sound only Cas could hear but a strike of fear followed suit at the familiar feeling. Itching at the back of his mind when his heartbeat picked up speed.
On the screens, the camera was focused on their new occupant who was sitting on the bed. He was sitting up with his legs over the side, hands holding onto the edges with his head hanging down low.
Crap, even his voice seemed vaguely familiar. Running a hand through his hair, Dean’s gaze went everywhere but towards the man before him, even lingering on the camera in the top corner for a moment before turning his eyes to the floor.
When Castiel had asked where they were going, Dean kept tight-lipped. Opting to hold Cas’ hand, pressing a kiss to the back of his hand, his other on the steering wheel.
“Well, Mom’s worried,” Sam said again after Dean brushed by him. Turning to watch his older brother pause at the door.
Cas walked up beside the car to survey the destruction. “Yeah, I guess so. And they just got lucky with checking the back roads, knowing the direction we were going in. Fuck!” Cas kicked the burning car door closed in frustration, frowning at the blazing shell of their car. He headed towards the enemy vehicle.
Dean cocked an eyebrow at Cas’ tools, looked at the car window, and punched clean through it quite easily. He recoiled back, shaking his hand to dislodge the pieces of glass. Cas pursed his lips at him. “Art is subjective, Cas.” Dean frowned at the little cuts peppering his hand.
“Then you’re coming to our place. Make you forget all about that douche. Several pricks had a chance with you and left you hanging? They’re clearly idiots, Cas. You’re breathtaking.”
Dean zipped on through the canals, wondering where he should go to lay low, looking around to try and discern his location in the city. He was going along his canal too fast, coming to a T-junction. “Fuck!!!!!” He quickly pulled to the right side, drenching a hen party on a nearby boat who had just gotten the champagne in. Cas passed over the nearby bridge.
Cole sidled off back to his hiding place. Dean watched him with angry eyes, staring back at Cas once he was out of sight. Now Cas had squinted eyes as he looked at Dean with his adorable head tilt.
Cas crossed his arms, still watching the retreating bus. “Yeah, but they love you. Me? They want to perform an exorcism on me.”
Mick nodded to Cas and the others as they joined. “Nothing much. Working away until Ketch finishes his studies, then we’ll go travelling.”
Cas was surprised at the huge wedge of disappointment that stabbed through him. But Sam had said Dean was single?
“I’m doing very well, thank you. How are you?” Already losing interest, he held up an air freshener to the clerk, mouthing whether he should try it or not.
When they reached the parking lot, he saw Sam, Jess and Charlie near a big black muscle car. Dean swept his hand towards the car majestically. “Castiel, meet my Baby. Ain’t she pretty?”
Cas surged forward, winding his arms around Dean’s neck, kissing him passionately as he waited for his body to adjust. Dean’s hands tightened and loosened on Cas’ hips as he tried not to move his own.
Dean pulled him through the front of the building, helping him to step over the multiple dead bodies as they went. An alarm was blaring from somewhere inside. As they passed through the shattered front door, people were screaming and running around the street. Three smashed cars littered with bullet holes smoked just outside. Several dead bodies were draped across them.
Dean pulled out onto the road with ease. “By the way, we’re going trick or treating tomorrow, Cas. And then back to ours for more hijinks, which will definitely last well into Sunday. And you are not to judge me on the amount of candy I will eat. You’re more than welcome to come. You know what, no. I bought you photo stuff. Now, you have to come. Please? Sam has Jess, Charlie has Ruby, Benny has Garth. I need you. Please? Sound good?”
“Just a whole load of Dutch buildings, although the Rijksmuseum is right across the canal from me. With its massive clock. Exactly what I need right now.”
Dean panted softly. “I hope you’re prepared, Cas. A relationship with me involves an obscene amount of sex. And I do mean obscene. In all sorts of ways. I hope you’re extra flexible. We might even break a few beds. The current record is 4. Think you can keep up?” Cas could barely speak, grasping at Dean as he completely rocked his world, managing to stammer out, “B-b-bring it.” Dean smiled when he saw the force of his hips was pushing Cas further up the bed on each thrust. Cas held a hand up above him to brace himself off the headboard, which was thumping loudly against the wall.
“On the upside, I made a cool FBI friend that day. Rufus still keeps in contact, so that’s nice. But I don’t want to talk about it anymore for now, please. Why are you looking at me like that? Have I overshared again?”
“You know, for a dude that runs around killing people, you have a really strange thing about bleeding.” Cas zipped up his pouch, putting it back in his inside pocket, throwing his bag into the back seat.
Garth looked to Chuck sharply, swallowing hard. He gave a little watery smile. “They’re on holiday.” Chuck had a faint smile on his lips.
Cas huffed a little laugh to himself as he spied Kurasawa through the plane window, waving his goodbyes. Cas smiled and waved back.
Cas yanked Dean’s hand away from his head, but Dean kept a tight hold, intertwining their fingers, kissing Cas’ knuckles. “You’ll be all right, Cas.” Cas smiled softly, eyebrows up, matching Dean’s fond gaze.
Outside, the attackers had mostly won, and attached a length of chain to the back van door. They started up a heavy duty laser cutting machine that began to rapidly cut through the armoured door. Within the van, behind Dean, they could see the flames from inside as it cut through. Gabriel stared at it with fear, his shaking gun lowering slightly.
Cas scowled at him for a moment, before nodding. He got out of the car, stretching, moaning as his back popped, keeping an eye on Dean as he rounded the car to him. “Those security cameras are ancient, I don’t think they’re even working.”
“It was a cheap move, attacking you from behind,” she continued while helping Dean stand. “Thought you were supposed to be a powerful warlock,” she teased. But Dean did not comment, he felt the familiar tingle at the back of his neck, without hesitation he lifted his hand to the right, fire blasting from his palm and hitting the oncoming enemy. A soldier from his parent’s kingdom. That could have been someone he knew.
“Whatcha need?” the oldest questioned moments later after dressing, calling out for his brother that it was all clear.
He tried to fight, tried bringing his hands up to push the guy away, and moving his head away, but he couldn’t.
He wasn’t in control of his body. His hands pulled Sam’s toward him before shoving the man across the room, sending his body into one of the pillars. The gasp could be heard as the thing crumbled around him causing the Alpha to chuckle under his breath as Dean felt his body begin moving towards Sam, Castiel’s hands slipping away as he crossed the room.
Dismissing the new nickname, he gave her a small shrug in response while dropping his gaze to anywhere but her.
"Drop your pants," Dean commanded as he took off his flannel shirt, so he was only wearing the black t-shirt underneath, and shoving it between the stacks of chairs.
"Hold on!" Dean went to chase after them when they began to retreat, stopping only when the clap of lightning struck above. He looked up to witness the branches bending, giving way to reveal the blackened sky above, the moon disappearing behind a dark cloud.
It was pitch black, the hairs on the back of his neck raising when the thought of Hatchet Man. Appearing out of nowhere saying his famous catchphrase:
“Well, that’s what you get for letting him take you down, throwing punches and elbows at you til the ref finally decided to intervene,”
That sinking feeling was back. And Dean wasn't surprised it hadn't ripped through his pants and spilled all over the floor.
“A dream?” Castiel questioned, squinting his eyes as he thought about the word. “I don't ever have dreams. What are dreams usually about?” Dean brought his knees up, wrapping his arms around them as he pondered about it.
He was taken back when Castiel suddenly shifted from his knees to stand, towering over the man before him.
They talked far longer than either intended, the sun having gone down quite some time ago. Wine changed into Ale when a servant brought them a tray of meat and cheeses to snack on.
"It was a good date," he repeated slowly, pausing to let his hand move down his face to cover his lips once again. Castiel jerked back at the hard look in Dean's eyes. "Except, it never happened." The 'clicking' sound alerted them both, followed by a bright light flashing from below.
“I guess,” Dean’s voice said suddenly. “Since my old man croaked not too long ago...I guess it doesn’t matter what I do,” the words sounded reluctant, relieved if Castiel was hearing right.
“This way,” Dean instructed from behind, slipping past Castiel to get into the hall. And they ran. Down the hall as shouts filled the air for them to stop. Through the exit and to their freedom.
“That’s true,” She started slowly as if trying to soothe the savage beast from attacking. “It might just be a setback-"
"Let's start from the beginning. My demons were getting restless. Feeding became hard. So we struck a deal with these lowly humans in their time of need."
Castiel stopped in the middle of picking a flower, a  sudden bolt, his control of the dragon slipping slightly. His body feeling hot as he turned his gaze to his hand. The flowers sizzling before erupting into flames.
“I know it’s not. I’m just skeptical about there being an actual living being trapped in something for centuries.”
“I needed to see you-” he was interrupted when the man nearly ran across the room into his arms, kissing him before he could say anything else.
“The dragon will never harm you, Dean. Ever. I promise.” Dean watched the man pull out the gift he gave him, holding it out for him to see. “A new man was born last night, remember?” Castiel defended, his words strong liked his word. “Because of you. And he needs you.” Dean gave a wobbly smile, Castiel’s hand a meer inch from him before standing up.
“Ready as we’ll ever be,” Dean answered watching Bobby plop down at the computer screens. He clicked a couple of things on the screen before pulling up a government page.
Shrugging his shoulders, he walked into the dining hall with his head held high and a cocky smile on his face when he winked at his brother’s over dramatic eye roll.
A cold feeling settled on his left side, body shuddering as he wrapped the blanket tighter around himself, groaning when the sensation moved lower to his hip.
"Can You Hold Me" By NF and Brit Nicole was a huge inspiration for the majority of this chapter. I do hope you all enjoy, and Thank you to all of those that have Kudo'd and Commented on this story, words can not express how grateful I am. Especially with how long it took to update each chapter <3 <3
"Great. That means we have to keep him." Dean said, an air of finality to his words. Sam and Bobby looked at each other, nodding in agreement.
His green-eyed bartender was just closing up a tab for a couple when he turned his attention on him. He gave the couple a smile before making his way over.
“I’m afraid we will be closing soon,” she announced, surprised at the maiden for now blushing when the man gave her an easy smile.
When Dean was done, placing his pants on the seat opposite of them, Cas leaned forward to place his free hand on Dean’s hip, guiding him to sit on his lap. Obediently the green-eyed man did as he was told, his legs on either side of Cas’ hovering over the man’s length, letting out a small whimper when he felt Cas’ cock rub along the cleft of his ass.
Laughing at his brother’s bitch face number two as he was shoved half-heartedly in the shoulder, Sam reluctantly agreed.
“I was intending to pick up a guy, but she came onto me. And I just rode that wave,” Castiel nodded. Dean was openly Bi, Castiel had summarized that he performed better with males than females.
It didn’t take long for him to drain the body, tossing it to the side with the other as he sat back in his seat, enjoying the bittersweet taste. Watching wearily as his servants began removing their lifeless bodies.
Hissing under his breath at the smack to his ass, moaning from the tongue, the only relief he got was when Dean pulled away, the feel of the head of his cock poking at his entrance less than a second later.
“Thor’s mom?” Dean asked, opening his eyes to stare at Castiel in disbelief. “What does she have to do with it?”
Like any other person, the curiosity got the better of him and he still downloaded the game. He had heard people talking about it for a time, whispers here and there. Soon it became non-existent. Like everyone had given up on it.
Resting an elbow on his knee, hand dangling between his legs. His other hand rubbing his face in irritation.
“As every great villain says, You haven’t seen the last of me,” before a blinding light burst from Cas’ eyes and mouth. Dean turned watched as a sliver of light float above him for a few minutes before drifting out the broken window Lucifer created earlier.
Castiel tightened his grip as Dean held him in the air, one hand on his ass, encouraging his right leg to hook around the man while the other still had his one leg hooked over the other.
“My memories,” Dean struggled out, feeling the clutches of unconsciousness creeping in. “are private,” he managed out before his world went black.
"H-hey!" He shouted as they began to walk away. He frantically grabbed at the closest weapon, the second blade in the tree. Throwing it haphazardly in their direction.
“You’re going to eat me?” Dean said a little more delirious than he intended, closing his eyes, at the feeling of the hand running through his hair.
“Dean,” Castiel stopped mid-sentence to widen his eyes. “Call me Dean. I’ve told you this before.” A warm feeling ignited somewhere below his stomach, his heart to flutter.
His body seemed to act on its own when he couldn’t make up his mind, leaning forward to close the gap, lips pressing to the others.
During that time he was able to pick out the regular's with a single glance. There was the mayor from time to time and some higher political administrations coming in here and there.
Dean let out a sigh as Castiel took the tip into his mouth, slowly taking little by little until he was able to reach the base, hearing Dean let out a pant.
It didn't take long for the door to swing open, revealing a handsome man with nothing on but gray sweats, his lightly tanned skinned torso with freckles everywhere, sandy brown hair and the greenest eyes Castiel has ever seen.
The other man did not resist, he allowed Dean to shift himself till he was straddling him, revealing in the familiarity.
When Dean didn’t respond Castiel sat up a little straighter in his seat, his mind beginning to make connections.
Reaching up and behind him, placing his hand on the man’s thigh, encouraging him to move forward, deeper. He heard the man above him moan low in his throat after he was able to fully sheath himself. Castiel breathing evenly, relishing the pinch on his nipple, the feel of a hand on his neck in a gentle hold.
He groaned at how satisfied he felt, wanting to pull the blankets over himself and fall into a deep slumber when the sound of clothes rustling alerted him to the Dean’s movement.
Stopping suddenly, his entire body acting as if it had been dunked in an ice bath, he stayed where he was. Maybe if he didn't move, they won't knock again?
“Make sure to drink plenty of water,” Castiel commented, walking back to his bag that was next to Dean.
Castiel hummed out, one hand letting go to give Dean’s ass a firm smack in between thrusts, eliciting a strangled gasp from the man.
Bringing his attention to the man before him, Lucifer, that's what he is sticking with because Cas can't do that...or maybe he could. He was wiping drops of blood from his face, a smile appearing once again.
Raising a brow at the ridiculous statement, Dean turned away from the man. Sam, keeping his stance as he watched his brother closely.
I really tried to finish this story before school started, but alas...I didn't :( the characters were being stubborn. I hope you all enjoyed this chapter, the next one is already planned out. Hopefully I can't get it to you, my amazing readers, as soon as possible ^^;
He turned to Juac, launching himself shoulder-first into the man's crotch. He quickly got to his feet so he could bring his foot down for a solid heal to the man's crotch again.
There was silence between the two, Alastair keeping to himself by the stairs as a slow smile spread across Castiel’s lips.
Castiel was the first to move, walking over to his trenchcoat to find his smokes and matches. When he turned back around with a cigarette to his mouth, he raised a brow at the knowing look that Dean was giving him.
“Your efforts were done in vain. Mary made sure that the seal that kept me from my true self remained intact." He could sense a presence from behind him, he turned his hand in that direction as he blasted a surge of energy. The smoke cleared to reveal nothing there. A low shuffling noise to his left alerted him, he swung around with his leg, stifling the satisfaction he felt when his foot came into contact with his brother's side. He watched his brother drop to one knee while clutching his side. "You should stick with the magic, close combat was never your thing."
Castiel was so lost in the feeling that he didn’t feel Dean’s hand on his neck move up until he felt the swipe of his thumb along Castiel’s bottom lip. A crazy thought appeared, blocking every warning bell ringing in his head as he decided to take that thumb into his mouth.
Smirking triumphantly at the awkward pause between the two, he took the opportunity to slam his head back, grinning when he made contact after hearing a crunch followed by a howl in pain.
“I’m glad you’re awake,” he spoke finally, the words were soft, a sense of relief from what Dean could make out.
Castiel hummed appreciatively at the sight before him, reaching into one of the many hidden compartments of his limo to pull out a bottle of lube. He poured a generous amount on his hand as he leaned forward and off the seat to place two wet fingers at Dean’s entrance. They easily slid in, adding a third after a few pumps while his other hand-coated his own need. The man below was moaning with each push.
"I know, but in this, it just doesn’t fit in," Castiel responded, crossing his arms, squinting his eyes.
By the dim-lit room, Dean was still able to make out those familiar, piercing blue eyes he loved so much.
And that’s where Dean found himself less than an hour later, curled up on the couch an armful of Castiel as they marathoned Christmas movies. One compromise for another.
“I’m not in the mood for games,” he started, dropping the soiled cloth on the ground, taking a step closer to the chained man.
He coated himself before bringing himself to Dean’s entrance, running a hand over the man's back when he watched the man tense up.
Hands wandered, Castiel’s removing his clothes, not caring if they ripped. The skin on skin contact had Dean shuddering, wrapping his arms around Castiel’s neck to bring them down on the bed. Their lips never parted.
The intruder managed to sneak in through an open window, which Dean had told him early on before the cops showed how the weather felt nice and but he didn’t want to go outside because he was watching a movie called “Tangled”.
A thought struck him, where in the hell was he? He wasn’t a prisoner, based on the lack of chains and bare walls.
"Let's take you and I for example," he said while gesturing between them. "I care a lot...a lot about you, and Christmas is my better way of showing it,"
Castiel didn’t care when he heard the items on the dresser being shoved haphazardly by his body as he was propped against the wall, his hands trying to find something grab hold of as Dean began a bruising pace. His body slipping down as Dean’s grip on his hips continued the merciless pursuit for release.
“Counsel, approach the bench.” Both the prosecution and the defence approached the bench of three judges.
Cas wrenched the door open so they could get onto the roof. Cas knew they’d been spotted by the way the helicopters changed direction, whipping their searchlights around. They got to the edge, looked over, then Cas motioned for Dean to stay back.
Once the meeting wrapped, he slipped away from the handshakes and back pats, into the safety of the corridor outside. With head down and his index fingers rubbing circles into his temples in an effort to thwart the threatening headache, he longed for the peace and security of his own office. He had lots of emails that needed his attention. He headed through the cubicle farm praying he wouldn't get stopped for a signature or some other stupid reason.
Cas paused, letting the gravity of what he was about to do sink in. “Right, well. I’m calling you because I’ve been thinking. Some things have been put into perspective for me recently, and…. I forgive you. Yeah. Feels good to say that. I forgive you, Gabriel.” Cas gave a little laugh to himself, hardly believing the relief he felt. It felt good. Real good.
When in position, the staff member reminded them to smile. As they pushed off as one, they got sprinkled with water, causing shouts of surprise. They swiftly landed sideways in a giggling pile at the bottom, with no clue how the picture had turned out. Cas’ cape was wrapped around his face, Sam’s hat was somewhere, Toto had gone flying. Once they had sorted themselves out, they ran over to the photo booth.
Zach leaned in to whisper “Excuse me” to Jody before getting up and leaving the courtroom. Gabriel followed. Cas watched him go, but stayed where he was.
"Only the best for you Cas." Dean smiled as he picked up the bags. Cas all but skipped back to the Impala, much to Dean's amusement.
He could see now that he knew the truth, how their past encounters had been wrongly interpreted by him. Dean had indeed looked absolutely horrified when he’d skimmed Cas’ shoulder with his shot in Prague. Dean hadn’t ever attacked him directly, not once. He had just kind of been there in certain situations before disappearing without a trace. Cas had always assumed he had won or scared him off. He laughed slightly at his own misplaced pride.
They came up to the opening of the other stairwell, able to hear the two soldiers reaching the top, rapidly shouting to each other. As one came around the corner, Cas cracked the butt of his gun off his face. He quickly disarmed and beat the second with his gun too, hitting the first one again for good measure.
Cas’ jaw fell open. Dean stood back, reached over and closed Cas’ mouth with a grin. He took Cas’ hand again and guided him to the next room.
“Do you know what happens when a Triple A rated executive protection agent loses a client? Triple A. I was up here.” Cas held out his hand at eye level. “Then I opened up to you. And why wouldn’t I? You’re my brother. My only family in the whole wide world. And I fucking told you his name. It was the first time in my entire career that I revealed a client’s name. I trusted you. And, bop bop bop bop…” He dropped his hand in increments to his knee level. “Now I’m down here. The dead guy’s up here.” He brought his other hand up to belly button level.
“A secluded B&B, grab some proper sleep, then we head to the ferry on the back roads once it gets dark again. We wouldn’t make it tonight.”
Gabriel was being debriefed by Jody, Zach and an Interpol tech. “Facial recognition identifies this man as Castiel Novak, but then again, you already know that, don’t you, Agent Novak?”
Since giving up the demon trials, he had been getting better very very slowly. At least they had the bunker to hole up in. It did mean he was useless for hunts for a time, but he could still research the hell out of a case for Dean or Garth during his bouts of energy that were thankfully becoming more frequent. He knew it would take another few weeks, but he could feel himself becoming whole again.
“Nah, I’ll go along with the program until Sammy’s free. Then I’ll do my thing.” Cas gave another pained laugh.
Not thinking, Cas stepped quickly, so obviously the wood on the step broke through. Cas reacted on instinct, pulling his foot back with a snap, spinning, overbalancing himself, only to hurtle head first down the steps.
Cas and Dean walked through the metal detectors in the courthouse lobby, the sounds of protestors loud outside.
Cas wasn’t a fool. He could feel himself falling for Dean, had mostly fallen already, despite all odds, and it scared him. Didn’t it?
Dean couldn’t help but tease. “What’s your next trick? Gonna show me how to escape without escaping?”
“Not much left really. Cole is in one of the next two rooms. He moves about. Then it’s just the big slide out and you’re done. They spray water on you. So no big scares left, you’re mostly finished.”
“It postpones fatigue. Refuels glycogen, electrolytes, slowly. It’s not working particularly well right now, but still, I got you one too, while you were having one of your world class power naps.”
Outside the courtroom, Zach was nearly out of the courthouse, but Gabriel caught up with him in a lonely hallway.
Cas stepped carefully along the corridor, coming to the fire escape doors at the end. Staying hidden, he peered through and saw several Belarusian soldiers through the glass, armed with semi-automatics, making game plans.
Dean panted softly, bleeding freely from his wound. “No, nothing at all Sammy. I’m always good, you know that.”
Dean grinned, delighting in the needy moan he pulled from Cas when he thrust against him. Dean took both of Cas’ wrists, pinning them above his head with one hand, pulling Cas’ shirt open with the other, buttons flying. Dean rutted against his Cas, licking down his neck and collar bone, smiling as Cas bucked, trying to free his hands to touch back. “Fuck! You are infuriating.”
Dean singsonged with him, following him into the hallway. “-no adjacent rooftops. You’re not the only observant son of a bitch here.”
Dean’s eyes widened as he belatedly tried to pull his gun out when Cas grabbed him tightly by the throat. Cas’ other hand grabbed Dean’s wrist, curling it away, hitting it off the door frame until Dean dropped the gun. Cas tried to take out his gun, but Dean grabbed it with both hands, wrenching it, and his throat, out of Cas’ hold. Dean grasped the gun tucked into his pants at the small of his back. He whipped his hand around, but Cas blocked it, kicking it out of his grasp. Cas got his second gun out, but Dean lunged at him, shoving him into the far wall of the hallway, kicking it from his hand. Dean pressed Cas against the wall with his hips. They had both pulled out more guns with their right hands, but managed to grab each other’s wrists with their left hands, resulting in a stalemate of outstretched arms.
