The cat – exactly what its name was seemed to depend on who you asked – made an offended wheezing sound, and stalked away down the hall.
He looked, well, not good exactly, but definitely better than he had the last time she'd seen him, when the jail and trial mess had still been going on. More like himself. He'd clearly shaved recently, washed his hair, wasn't wearing wrinkled, days-old clothing, and he was standing up straight, despite not meeting anyone's eyes.
been too good to be true. "I would have done the same thing," Steve said, rising and walking around to Tony's side of the bed, wanting to look him in the eye. "You were right about that." Maybe if he turned the situation around, Tony would realize that the issue at hand was that Steve had been worried not about the risk he had put other people at, but the risk he had exposed himself to apparently without even noticing it.
Thor folded his own arms across his chest and glared sternly at her reflection. "The last time you and I spoke, you threatened to rip my eye out."
"We wouldn't have been able to get to them all in time without Thor," Tony said. He turned to Thor, the expressionless faceplate of his helmet hiding whatever emotion lay beneath it, and added, "It was a good thing we had you with us today. Blowing up is not my favorite thing to do."
"And that's bad?" Wanda asked. "It makes a certain kind of sense, I suppose. There would be magical resonances involving the potential to create life."
Steve?  He hadn't answered his communicator; none of the others had.  And there had been that explosion...
Jan raised her eyebrows. "No, you have Kree metabolism, which is even better. I hate you and Jen sometimes. It's one of the perils of being short; five pounds looks like ten on me." She set the bowls to one side and dug her spoon straight into the ice cream; it wasn't as if anyone else ate it, anyway, with Spiderman and Jessica Jones no longer staying in the tower. Thor, who was better at respecting labels on food than most, never touched her ice cream.
"A perception of unreliability is a death sentence, especially in the current economy." Layton again, harping on his favorite topic. He'd been an accountant before rising to executive level responsibilities, and profit and loss and balance sheets were near and dear to his heart. Tony might have empathized more if he wasn't always such an irritatingly pompous doomsayer about everything. "There isn't a bank in New York that would loan to us if we needed it," he went on, "or extend any significant amount of credit, not when there's no guarantee who will be in charge of SI in six months."
"Like someone else," Steve said, lamely. He couldn't quite bring himself to tell Tony that he looked beautiful; he clearly wasn't enjoying his stint as a woman, no matter how well he was handling it, and telling him that would just be rubbing it in.
"Drop the book, Doom," Steve said.  "There's no way out.  Your teleportation technology won't work in there."
Hill looked at him, her eyes uncomfortably sympathetic; he preferred her cold, professional mask, he decided. He even preferred it when she snarled at him. "You didn't request pictures," she said.
“You must be tired.  No one can sneak on these floors.” She knocked the heel of one boot against the metal deck plating, the impact making a sharp, metallic sound.
He had finally gotten used to the near-silence in which Tony often used computers these days; the lack of clacking keys was one of the few benefits of the Extremis, since Tony tended to type furiously and loudly. The quiet was nice, peaceful. They hadn't had many chances lately to just sit around and relax.
"Steve is grateful for that," Tony said, his voice carefully even in a way that Hank remembered from talks with HUSAC and Koening, and from California, before that. "Drop it, Hank," he added, turning to give Hank a stiff, fake smile that might have fooled him, once, before he'd spent months watching Tony smilingly present laws and programs he hated to the press. "Now isn't the time."
"No." Tony shook his head, something within his armor whirring faintly. He smelled like hot metal and burned plastic. "This literally shouldn't have happened. The odds of that crane hitting the building at precisely that angle, at exactly the right point to cause the most damage possible, are minuscule, and even if everything went perfectly wrong, it shouldn't have done this. The building shouldn't have been on the verge of total collapse, unless it was loaded with structural flaws to begin with, and the company that was building it has an almost perfect safety record." He held up one hand, ticking points off on the fingers of his gauntlet. "Building collapses, gas main explosions, subway accidents. Do you know how many times two subway trains have collided underground in the entire history of the New York subway?"
"Once I shower, I'll still have twenty minutes before Pepper comes looking for me," he said, smiling at Steve. "I'm going to see if there's anything to eat in the kitchen. Want to come?"
She must have realized that Carol was staring, because after a moment, she pulled her hands back, letting the folds of her skirt hide them.
He knew it wasn't going to work, knew Tony had to have changed his access codes during the Registration fight, but even trying something useless was better than doing nothing. "Armor override Steve Rogers," he said, the words hurting his throat. "Code 34-44-54-64."
He hesitated for an instant, torn between the instinct to rush to Wanda’s side, the desire to grab Sam and shake him and make sure he was all right, and the fear that Tony was bleeding out, dying, already dead.
The unrelenting ache made him feel vaguely nauseous, but at least the flashing lights in his vision and the breathless tightness in his chest had stopped; that and the sudden rush of airless dizziness that had nearly put him on the floor had been what had persuaded him to go to Maya. Thor had been right — whatever was wrong with the Extremis, with him, could be incredibly dangerous if it struck during the middle of a fight.
Jan clearly had the same idea - she was flying directly for Harkness's face, hands together in front of her, ready to fire off a bio-chemical stinger blast right into the woman's eyes.
Sam, harassing Atlas on his left, folded his wings and dove under both massive arms, while Tony fired his jetboots and climbed higher, the two of them swapping places as smoothly as if they had choreographed it.
Thor's frown deepened. "That is troubling news indeed," he rumbled, "for whomever it is has participated in an attack at the very heart of Asgard, albeit a circuitous one. Loki, that treacherous snake, planned not just to humiliate me, but to capture me and induce me to bear one of his children. As I am my father's successor to the throne of Asgard, so my own child, whether male of female, would likewise succeed me, placing the spawn of frost giants upon HlidskjЗlf, the great silver throne from which the whole world can be surveyed."
"Don't mention what to Steve?" Steve's voice came from the doorway, just as Clint, with typical bad timing, grinned, and said, "Is this connected to that thing where you can talk to computers but Cap doesn't like it because it makes your brains leak out your nose? God, you're whipped."
"My point," Steve told him. "Fox News still likes to show clips from several of them. Everyone go get some sleep," he added, to the room at large. "I'm gong to call Ben Urich and tell him the press conference is being pushed back to tomorrow evening."
"Is it a rule that all the questions in this game have to be about sex?" Steve asked, knowing he probably sounded ridiculously plaintive.
"Mr. Stark," DeFalco corrected himself. "I have to say, this is significantly more progress than we expected to see at this stage in the project. Your people have been working on this for what, two months?"
"We should have upgraded the engines on this thing two months ago, when Tony wanted to," he muttered.
Agatha was a servant of Chthon. She was the one who had helped Loki craft the curse he had cast on Tony. She was going to call Chthon up to inhabit a human vessel, the way he had once possessed Wanda.
"About what? Being a suicidal drunk for most a year?" Tony flung both arms out in a needlessly dramatic gesture. "Why not?"
“No more being impaled on spears by chaos demons,” Tony agreed amiably, his words starting to slur again.  “Jus’ because I love you.”  He patted Steve on the back a couple of times, and then let his arm go limp, a heavy weight across Steve’s shoulders.
"We don't even have a bookshelf in here yet." Tony's voice came from directly behind him, moments before his arms slid around Steve's waist. He rested the sharp point of his chin on Steve's shoulder, the edges of his goatee rasping against Steve's neck distractingly. "Leave those for later and come help me test if the bed is sturdy enough."
Steve ought to have told at the very least the police the truth - Tony had broken the law, after all, and caused a significant amount of property damage in the process - but he hadn't been able to give up the hope that Tony would redeem himself somehow, that he would offer up some explanation for his actions that excused or explained them.
She shook her head. "It worked and didn't explode, but the supervillain we were trying to contain with it escaped anyway." The two of them had tried to get Captain Marvel to help them test the strength of the field and its efficacy at containing beings who could transform themselves into energy, but Monica had categorically refused to let herself be used as a test subject for a machine built out of repurposed kitchen appliances. Wanda hadn't blamed her. Much as she usually trusted her teammates, Hank and Tony's ideas of what did and didn't constitute acceptable risks to take in the name of advancing science were... very flexible. The fact that Hank still tested experiments on himself despite once having been stuck at twelve feet tall for over a month as a result probably told you all you needed to know on the subject.
“No.”  And eventually, that would stop seeming both miraculous and too good to be true.  “Sin is dead, but none of us… everyone’s going to be okay.”
The alarm in Hank's voice came through loud and clear, despite the crackle of static in the connection.
"Stop this, Agatha!" Wanda was screaming. "You know this isn't you! He's controlling you, using you!"
Loki raised an eyebrow. "I have no need of human souls. No, what I propose will cost you nothing. I will aid you in getting the spear, and then you will give its power to me."
Jarvis, on the other hand, was one of the best cooks Wanda had ever known. And, ever since the first time Beast had done a rotation on the team, he always kept twinkies in the freezer.
"You didn't see yourself," Sam told him.  "You were unconscious and bleeding from your nose and mouth."
Sam shook his head.  "No.  Some of them had machine guns.  And lousy aim."  He frowned at Steve, and added, "You want to sit down?  How hard did Doom hit you?  Or zap you, or whatever he did?"
He resisted the impulse to hide behind a piece of equipment and made himself stay put, bracing himself for her reaction; she would have to find out eventually, and everyone would know after Tuesday. Better to get it over with now.
Steve blinked, turning to look over his shoulder at Tony; Tony would fall over where he stood before he'd admit that other people's suggestions that he might need sleep had any merit, so he wasn't talking about Steve's not-so-subtle suggestion that it was time they went to bed. Which only left the conversation that they had had right after he had woken up in the hospital.
It wasn't a bad idea; when Thomas examined the case, his nervousness and general hostility decreased to almost nothing, replaced by stiff professionalism. By the time Hank and Jan were walking him out, he was almost smiling.
"You what?  There are manual releases.  What did you do to it?"  He frowned slightly, and the light on his discarded chestplate flickered on for a moment.  The scattered pieces of armor wobbled, then went still again, the light going dark.  "Ow.  Okay, bad idea," Tony said, and tried to sit up.
The dim grey glow of twilight appeared through the wide hole in the wall as the cloud of brick dust settled.  Through it, less than a spear's-throw away, he could see the river, and the city skyline beyond it.  It was not Manhattan, nor were any of the East River's great bridges visible, which meant their prison lay on the West side of the city.
"I hate my leg sometimes," Don said, the stab of familiar frustration almost as hot as the knife wound.
"Yeah, it is," Clint interrupted. "Because you're coming down here now, and I'd like Tony's opinion on the computer systems before we let it run with nobody watching them."
The room was still littered with the remains of deactivated Doombots, which meant not everything that had come with Doom had vanished when he did.
"I've never really worked with Triathlon," Rhodey said, returning to the topic at hand. "I hear he's done a good job as a team leader for the Initiative, though." He frowned faintly, expression speculative. "I wonder if I can get him reassigned."
The gleaming metal workbenches looked sterile and empty without an ant colony's terrarium set up on one of them. He hadn't taken them with him when he left - no, when he'd been thrown out. He wondered, not for the first time, what had happened to them.
He didn't like the extra delay, but he ducked into the bathroom to throw a few handfuls of water on his face and rinse out his mouth. As soon as he saw himself in the mirror, he realized that Sam had been right; there was a wide smear of blood across his chin and the right side of his face, and his teeth were red.
"He works for SHIELD. You have a file on everyone." Something that had been both more and less worrisome at various points in time.
What would it be like to kiss him now, to feel the rasp of stubble along his jaw, to wrap his arms around someone every bit as tall as he was? He had forgotten how gorgeous Tony was, or at least, forgotten the impact of it.
At least the Museum of Natural History had refused to bow to pressure to remove all discussions of Homo superior from their new "Hall of Human Origins" exhibit. You had to take victories where you could find them.
It made a grab for her, and Wanda ducked under its arm and inside its guard, shoving a fist-full of raw chaos energy into its metal faceplate.
"The museum people are going to kill us if Doom damages that book," Sam said.  As attempt to lighten the tone of conversation went, it wasn't bad, but Steve found that he didn't particularly care about angry museum trustees and potential lawsuits at the moment.
Jan's sigh of relief was audible.  "Good.  When I woke up and he wasn't here, I thought maybe they'd taken him away already."  She didn't specify what she thought he'd been taken away for, but whatever it was, was unlikely to be good.
"Call SHIELD," Steve said, then remembered to moderate his voice into something that was less obviously an order as one of the two male police officers — white, with thinning hair and a police sergeant's insignia — glared at him. "The weapon used to stab the security guard belongs to a woman on SHIELD's terrorist watch list."
"We are not here for gain!" Zemo flung his cloak back over one shoulder and struck a dramatic pose, glue gun aimed squarely at Steve. "I swore I would be avenged on you, Captain, and so I shall! What my team has not accomplished, the powers of chaos will do for us!"
Tony sank down in one of the chairs, and buried his face in his hands, only remembering once it was too late that he was wearing three layers of make-up and that touching it would smear it.
Wanda nodded. "And I need to talk to Strange.  I know you don't want me going up against Doom or Chthon, but I have to do something."
Tony knew that feeling intimately, had known it long before Registration had forced him to sell out. It was part of why he'd been willing to try and work with HUSAC and Superhuman Registration in the first place, why he'd gone along with Dickstein and Koening and Gyrich and all the others, and not just because Koening and Dickstein had used the things he'd done when the Extremis had been hacked to blackmail him.
Tony's armor was still as brightly polished as it had been that morning, completely free of scratches or scuff. He landed beside Steve with a hiss of jetboots and the harsh, metallic scrape of metal on asphalt, and something inside Steve relaxed.
"Great." Jan flashed him a brief, unconvincing smile. "Wanda. You can come critique other people's designs with me. It's always useful to have a second opinion."
Thor had not read the transcripts from the Senate and Congressional hearings; even had he had the inclination to do so, rebuilding Valhalla had consumed all his time, and much of Don's as well.
Doom.  She was giving him to Doom.  Don got his feet under him and launched himself at Loki, ignoring the way his knee flared with pain.  Thor's memories of countless battles were there in his head, nearly indistinguishable from his own; he slammed his shoulder into her stomach, reaching for her belt knife.  A stab upwards under the ribs or into the kidneys would take down even a giantess, and then he could get to Mjolnir and-
"It shouldn't be. Your transformation back to your own gender wouldn't be gradual. The Scarlet Witch and I would be unraveling the spell one layer at a time, slowly weakening it until it could be broken, at which point you would revert back to your natural form."
She still didn't know what it had been; she hadn't made it past the front entry hall, where she found over a dozen Doombots, all of them throwing energy bolts left and right, and one.
"I can't trust anyone with it!" Tony repeated, all but shouting. "I can't. I-" he broke off, covering his face with one hand. "Oh God, I do sound crazy. I sound like
The last time they had met in a casual setting, out of costume and not on Avengers business, had been in a dinner in California, where Steve had tried unsuccessfully to convince Tony to abandon his obsessive and self-destructive attempt to reclaim his stolen technology. Since then, they hadn't interacted unless the team required it.
“I couldn’t fix the injury, but I think I was able to fix something.  My chaos powers are partially entropy-based, and I can… sometimes I can sense when a system is degrading or damaged.  We tried to use that once, on the Force Works team, but the computer hardware couldn’t handle the chaos energy for prolonged periods of time.  A human body has more natural chaos in it, and is more resistant to it, but Tony’s not a standard human anymore.  I don’t know exactly what was wrong with his Extremis, but I could feel that it had destabilized.  So I sort of… gave it a nudge in the other direction.”
Over the past month, Steve had guiltily found himself somewhat enjoying Tony in this particular stage of sleep-deprived fatigue; Tony tended to start using Steve as furniture when he was tired. Steve shook his head, and gave Tony a gentle shove in the direction of the bed.
"I'm just going to-" Clint started, then stopped awkwardly and muttered, "Yeah, I'm leaving." The sound of the elevator door sliding shut behind him was loud against the faint background hum of equipment.
"It's Swiss," Tony protested. "It cost two thousand dollars. And technically, it's not a watch, it's a chronometer."
Because after all of the trouble he'd gone through to keep his armor's specs out of Nick Fury's hands over the years, he wasn't about to just hand them over now, no matter how much SE might need SHIELD's business after losing the US military contracts.
The blood was all over his hands, seeping through his fingers despite his efforts to stop it.  It dripped off the sides of the hospital bed, pooling on the floor, the red so dark in the smoky candlelight that it looked almost black.  Doom would-
"I didn't think it would work," Steve explained. "I just couldn't stand doing nothing. The over-ride code I used was my old one. Tony never changed it."
“You’re so hard to please,” Tony said.  “Don’t use the Extremis, don’t get stabbed, don’t take me anywhere expensive…”
"Good." Tony said, forcing his voice to be steady again. He opened his eyes and looked up at Steve, managing to dredge up a smile from somewhere. "If you're going to stay, though, you'll need to put on some eye protection. I wasn't kidding earlier about the hot metal."
He'd drawn this years ago, not long after he'd joined the Avengers. Long before Wanda had been possessed — she and Pietro had still been with Magneto then — and before Hank's problems had started. Tony's drinking hadn't gotten bad yet, and... and Tony had also been hiding a serious and potentially fatal heart condition, and Steve himself had still been shaken up from the war. Hank's powers hadn't worked properly half the time, and they'd all been so new at what they were doing that Jan had nearly died just months after they'd formed the team.
"You won't," Tony said. His pupils were huge and dark, making his eyes look grey. This close, Steve could almost count his lashes. "Please, Steve." His voice went low on Steve's name, breathy and needy in a way that made Steve's groin throb.
He couldn't protect them both from Sin and the potential threat of Red Skull and also lead the Avengers, and he'd already made his choice about which responsibility came firSt. That didn't make the idea of letting them face her on their own, of being only the back-up, called in 'if they needed him,' any easier.
"He's on his way now," Tony added. Then, "If this were fatal, he'd probably be dead already. The wound's at least half an hour old, and the poison was introduced directly into his bloodstream." He resisted the impulse to google Barnes's symptoms via Extremis; his trying to diagnose someone via the internet would be about as useful as someone else trying to fix an engine using information from a Wikipedia article. Hank would be here soon, and this kind of thing was his specialty. He'd identified the toxin A.I.M. had released downtown last month in a few hours, and that had been a chemical cocktail designed by A.I.M.'s top scientists; it was doubtful that Sin had that kind of talent at her disposal these days. Sin was erratic even for a supervillain, and didn't possess her father's ability to manipulate people.
"If you wanted to try and get out of sparring with me," Steve said, trying to make his voice light, and failing miserably, "all you had to do was ask."
"I hope so." Steve wished he could be sure. He wished he could stop worrying that each next disaster would be the last straw that made Tony snap again.
"I can't let you do this," Wanda said. "The real Agatha wouldn't want me to." She drew her arm back, gathered her power, and threw a hex sphere at Agatha. It splashed harmlessly against her skirts, the power fizzling out.
problems, almost no one was ever interested in hearing about how the Foundation's investments were doing. It had been a major concern a few months ago, when the stock market had been going haywire, but the Foundation seemed to be weathering the current downturn just fine.
"Let him go, you-"  There was a thud and a muffled grunt from behind Sam, and Hank's voice cut off abruptly.
Cap was sitting by the side of the bed, in one of those uncomfortable hospital chairs, shoulders slumped, and Clint knew right away that things had to be bad, because he didn't even look up when Clint came in.
Tony took a slow step back from Hank, who was holding himself rigid, as if expecting Tony to throw himself at him and tear his clothes off at any second. "It was my idea," Tony said. "I'm sorry, Hank, it was a stupid idea."
Complying with the SHRA had been necessary, both as the only viable way to exercise some degree of damage control, and because refusing to obey legitimate government legislation would have only made the public perception of superhumans worse – as the anti-Registration side's resistance, in fact, had.
Steve might be able to appreciate men, but relatively few men were capable of returning the favor. Women, on the other hand, were far more likely to return his interest. Which didn't mean that Tony did, since he was, after all, not really a woman, but Steve's subconscious didn't know that.
"You're going to be okay," he said, and for a moment, he could almost hear Sharon's voice echoing the words, touching his face with bloody hands and lying to him desperately.  You always told people they were going to be okay.  He brushed a few pieces of hair back from Tony's forehead, and tried to think of something more comforting to say.  "Just lie still.  We're calling an ambulance."
Tony avoided reporters like the plague these days, both in and out of the armor. He had adjusted the armor's voice modifiers to conceal his new, feminine voice, but he was still paranoid about the idea that someone might notice a difference and connect the dots.
Except... talking and joking with Wanda and Hank, pretending that their own teammates didn't hate them and their dead friends and family weren't haunting them, wasn't all that different from watching the Negative Zone prison at three a.m. with Hank and Reed, pretending that Reed hadn't come to stare at the portal after putting his kids to bed because he couldn't fall asleep alone, and that Tony and Reed weren't both silently keeping track of Hank's anti-depressant and mood stabilizer doses after the disaster with the cloned Thor, painfully aware that there was no way to keep a suicide watch on someone who could effectively kill himself with his own powers. And that had been before the end, when they had still had no inkling of how bad it was going to become.
Maybe Patton missed Tony; he usually made it clear that he regarded Steve as an inferior substitute for him in all ways.  Considering how much noise and upheaval he'd been through today, though, he might still be traumatized enough not to care.  He'd refused to come out of his cat carrier when Steve had rescued him from where he'd been huddled in the closet of his bedroom and brought him to Stark Tower, growling and hissing at anyone who came near him and actually climbing back inside it when Steve had tried lifting him out.
Tony's eyes narrowed, his muscles tensing, and then he relaxed again; Steve had the feeling he'd forced himself to do so. He met Steve's eyes, and said, with an attempt at a smile, "Don't worry; it's not as bad as you're thinking."
Steve, who did believe in being reassuring, smiled at Barnes as if he were still the cute, innocent kid he'd once been — a cute kid who, going by the man's record at SHIELD, had probably mostly existed in Steve's head to begin with.  "You're doing plenty."
of mass you have on me to pin me to the floor. Getting close enough for you to grab me would make this a very short fight."
Wanda nodded dully. The Registration Act. Steve's death. During the long walk from St. Margaret's, she'd managed to piece together more than she'd wanted to from her fragmented memories of Clint's conversation.
Not Henry Pym. Anthony Stark. Which would make sense since this was Tony's lab, but what the hell did he need a prescription for? Hank was the one on two kinds of anti-crazy meds.
The walk to the kitchen door took ages, despite the claustrophobic smallness of the room. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Steve stand, moving to follow him, saw Sam and Clint block Steve's path, Sam saying something to him in a low voice.
And taking Steve up on the offer, pretending nothing had changed, would have been fair to Steve. Steve loved him, he knew, but he hadn't been interested in starting a relationship until Tony had been female. He hadn't been attracted to Tony in a male body - it had been Tony's temporary, female body that Steve had wanted, that Steve had thought was beautiful, desirable.
Steve almost never mentioned dying, even after he jerked out of sleep gasping for air and shaking, something he'd done a lot those first few weeks. It didn't seem to bother him now, but Tony reached for his hand anyway, laying his own hand overtop of it and brushing his thumb along the back of Steve's knuckles. There was a faint, white scar across one of them, barely detectable even by touch. It was the only scar on Steve's body, now that the bullet graze by his hairline from fighting Red Skull had long since healed away into nothing.
Pepper had thanked him, too. Tony closed his eyes, forcing himself not to stiffen under Wanda's touch, and was suddenly grateful he had refused her offer of food as his throat closed up and tight pain seized at his chest. The air in the room felt thin and hot, suffocating.
"Which, of course, you did," Hank put in, without looking up from where he was absently playing with the bandage on his sprained wrist. He had injured the wrist escaping from Kang's guards, and his costume had been so badly burned and torn that he, too, had had to change into the extra clothes he kept around in his lab. Hank's "lab accident clothes" featured an Empire State University t-shirt and a much-abused white lab coat, and the dark circles of exhaustion under his eyes completed what Tony had once described as "the graduate student look."
"I'm going to kill Clint," Jan said calmly, plastering a stiff but blandly pleasant smile onto her face.
There was a loud thud from inside the kitchen, probably Thor slamming a fist down on the table again, and he and Jan both jumped a little at the sound. "Let's go back inside before the big guy breaks something," Tony suggested.
Loki smirked at him. Her skin was pale in the bright sunlight, and at one temple, Don could see the edge of a blue tattoo – the tribal markings of a frost giant, not entirely hidden by her hair. She had every reason to hate Thor, and no reason to help him. "You sound most certain, brother. Certain enough to risk thy paramour's life? Ah well," she gave an elaborate shrug, "mayhap Baldur or Heimdall will be more accommodating."
Clint blinked at Don. "You know that's all been over for more than a month? We've all kissed and made up, some of us more literally than others."
"You're my friend, Tony," Steve said, turning his face to the side to dodge the kiss. He could smell Tony's sweat, not unpleasant, but
It had never been that easy with any of the women he had dated, or the occasional man. Even with Jan and Pepper, who had been his friends before he'd ever thought of them in a romantic context, it hadn't felt this natural, this right. Probably because Pepper had already started to fall in love with Happy by the time Tony had gotten around to noticing that his assistant a) wasn't named Kitty and b) was extremely attractive, and because he and Jan had both known from the start that a relationship between the two of them couldn't last.
Sam blinked. "You mean," he said, slowly and calmly, "you could have shut him down at any point during that whole mess?"
The rest of the room was just as bad. People were screaming, crying, and hiding under tables. Others had started throwing things and lashing out at everyone around them. If they didn't get out of here now, someone was going to get hurt.
Steve nodded. "Mine as well." No surprise there; he hadn't hesitated for so much as a moment at Strange's Sanctum Sanctorum before offering his – their – help.
Maybe he didn't know Tony as well as he'd always thought he had, or maybe Tony had completely snapped under the strain of being both Iron Man and Tony Stark. Either way, it bothered him to see Tony so obviously upset, to see him in pain. It made him want to forgive Tony everything, just to see Tony smile at him again.
It was probably the most abject apology she was ever going to hear from him. Strange was not a man who admitted to mistakes easily. "I didn't notice him either," Wanda said, unsure if she was angry at Strange or not. If he'd been able to set the seals on her then, before Chthon had taken control of her completely and started to influence Pietro... "I don't even know how long he was there, pretending to be Agatha."
He shouldn't be fighting with Steve, not over this. They'd just barely started unpacking. He shouldn't-
He didn't actually say "dying again," but Clint could fill in the blanks. "Cap's not hurt," he said, shaking his head. "Just-- Jan and Tony were there when all of it went down, and they were both affected. Jan... she's awake, but she's really messed up. Tony's in some kind of coma."
"That's over twenty kilograms less than the average for this type of plant," Tony went on, pointing out something else DeFalco probably already knew. "And our highly advanced water filtration system allows us to remove all trace elements from the hot water we pump up from the aquifer, which means that our only industrial byproduct is one hundred percent pure H2O, which can be repurposed for other uses. Well, and the arsenic, mercury, and antimony we filter out of it. Right now we're using the antimony in alloys for several of the electronic circuits we assemble at our main plant and storing the rest, but our engineers are working on a way to reuse those, too."
"Sin was pretty open about her plans to kill us all."  Sam rubbed absently at his eye.  "I think with that book in her hands, she might be able to.  Everything feels... better... with it gone."
Carol stared fixedly at the back of the Lexus SUV in front of them, not looking at him. "What time with Rhodey? I've never heard about that."
Two-thirds of the bookshelves were already filled with Tony's books, carefully shelved by subject. Steve slotted his own in and around them, deliberately re-arranging everything alphabetically by title. It would probably take anywhere from days to weeks for Tony to actually notice, but when he did, the whining about 'why is
Tony stared down at his hands for a moment, wishing there were some meaningful way he could contribute. Biology had never been his field. Machines were much easier to work with than living things - more stable, more predictable. Biological systems existed in a state of constant flux.
. What?" she added, as Hank and Wanda turned to look at her incredulously. "Not all of us got our adolescent kicks by reading
Tony had disappeared again. If he was hiding in a corner somewhere, using the Extremis to hold a Stark Enterprises teleconference, Steve was going to physically haul him back to their room and tie him to the bed. He'd established only hours ago that the metal bed frame was very solid indeed, so it would take a long time for Tony to get himself loose.
"Yeah, that's the problem. You always kind of flirt with people. It's what you do. You're going to have to watch that; now that you look like a woman, guys are going to think you mean it."
Tony's eyes were drawn down Steve's broad chest to his stomach, flat and ridged with muscle and completely unscarred. Perfect, as if Sharon Carter had never shoved the barrel of a gun against it and pulled the trigger at point blank range.
You watched while they cut him open?" Tony wasn't sure if the expression on her face was pity or horror, and found that he didn't particularly want to know.
Tony blinked. "I'm still- Of course. You have a full line-up here already, Cap. I can just... stay out of your hair."
"Just this once, Hank." Tony turned back, crossing the foyer to where Hank stood frozen by the foot of the staircase, and put one hand on his arm. "If you lose it again, we can deal with that after we've stopped Chthon from manifesting and destroying the world, okay?"
"It's late," Steve interrupted, laying a hand on Tony's shoulder. "We can talk about this in the morning."
"Most of the emails I get are spam," he protested. "I can't believe the lawyers want me to keep them all. The girl in records management said that ninety-five percent of email is worthless and I didn't have to keep all of it."
Hill rubbed at her face with one hand, and swore under her breath. "Fury would choose now to decide to deal with the Madripoor situation personally. You have no idea how much I prefer targets I can shoot."
Steve flushed, and pulled one of Vision's noir stories off the shelf at random, going to sit in the chair opposite Wanda.
He wasn’t even sure what that meant, but the steady sound of Tony’s heart monitor hadn’t changed, and none of the other monitors hooked up to him had set off any alarms, so at least she hadn’t made things worse.
The fact that Tony was willing to swear the silly oath should have made him smile. Instead, he found himself hoping that Tony would refuse to, that he'd use Steve's promise to make him rest on him to get Steve to stay with him.
He could feel Thor’s bafflement, his other half not sure whether to be hurt or offended at having his first overtures of renewed friendship either ignored or rejected.  They had faced great danger together, fought a sworn enemy and shed blood together, and blood was what brotherhoods were forged from.
Steve's hand, which had been rubbing slow circles on Tony's back, froze. "Unless you want me to leave," he said, his voice tight and too calm, as if he were keeping it that way by force of will alone.
There was a long moment of silence as he and Tony stood there staring at each other. Things hadn't felt this awkward while they were fighting the robot. Steve had looked out his apartment window and seen Iron Man and the robot slugging it out atop the closer of the bridge's two suspension towers. Joining the fight hadn't even been a conscious decision.
"Tarot cards don't actually tell you the future, Clint. Don't worry about it. It's not the cards; it's all the ambient chaos. Try flipping a coin ten times in a row and seeing what happens."
Several minutes later, Steve was lying on the shower floor with Tony a heavy weight on top of him, his wet hair sticking to Steve's neck.
Hank took a step back from the computers, clapping his hands together. "Okay," he said, "time to get to work. Safety gear, or you're both out." As he spoke, he pulled what looked like a doll's safety glasses and mask from the breast pocket of his lab coat, both of them growing smoothly to full size in his hands.
Steve stood, holding one hand out to Tony. "Come on," he said. "It's late. You should wash that stuff off and go to bed." He was tired of being angry with Tony, of being suspicious, of waiting for the next meltdown, the next catastrophe.
He wasn't going to think about that, Tony reminded himself. Steve was back now. Nothing else mattered. And there were more important things to focus on right now.
said sex with men to anyone he knew, but that was different. Before Tony, there hadn't really been anything to admit to — nothing that was worth potentially losing the respect or friendship of someone he cared about. "And we're not making a statement. It's no one else's business."
Tony's body language stiffened up again as soon as he said Thor's name. "I already did," he said, ignoring the hoarse, creaky purr that now emanated from somewhere in the vicinity of his ankles. "Apologizing again won't change what we did." He sounded resigned, tired.
Jan rubbed the corner of the pillow between her fingers thoughtfully. That had worked better than she had expected. Not only was Hank on her side of the room now, it had somehow gotten him to relax. He still wasn't looking at her, but he was no longer holding himself as if braced for rejection, as if he expected at any moment for her to demand that he leave the room.
One of the invaders shouted, sounding more startled than afraid, and then all attacked at once, and the entire hall dissolved into a melee that was more brawl than gunfight.
Thor and Loki were rolling on the ground, throwing punches at one another.  Mjolnir lay several feet away, and Loki was doing her best to keep Thor from reaching it.  Everyone else was fighting Doombots.  Including... was that Doom?
Rhodey shrugged, and then grinned. "Well, this trip wasn't a total loss. At least I'm getting new jet boots out of it."
The last clear thing she remembered was the time a month or so back when a blond tourist had rescued her, and she had kissed him and taken him home for the night. Clint. His name had been Clint. It was, Wanda realized, the only name other than her own that she knew.
"I'm not sure we can afford to have her as an ally, either," Jan said. She patted him on the arm, and added, "Try to keep it together, okay? It's hard enough keeping this team functional as it is, between Thor and Hank and Carol's issues with Wanda."
things Steve didn't trust Tony to do, or not do, but he'd never doubted Tony's word, or the fact that he could always, would always be able to trust Tony at his back when it counted.
"I didn't realize you hated being part of the program that much." Tony's voice was chagrined, his shoulders tensing up and his fingers halting whatever they were doing to Rhodey's boots, and Steve took another step into the room.
None of that made waiting uselessly every time the others went out to fight something any less nerve-wracking.
"And then after I was finished with Kooning, or rather, when Kooning was finished with me, I had to meet with Gyrich, and then with what I think may have been half the Pentagon, plus the Department of Homeland Security." Tony groaned, rubbing at the bridge of his nose. "And Gyrich was actually the high point. I thought I'd never escape. I can't believe I actually volunteered to be Secretary of Defense once. I must have been insane."
Carol flung her arms out, instinctively trying to shield her teammates, and felt a sharp sting across her left biceps.  The impacts she was braced for didn't come; all but one of the weapons had jammed.
Tony felt a sudden surge of relief that she hadn't been, that he'd been spared fighting and trying to imprison at least one of his old teammates, and then instantly felt guilty. She hadn't been there during Registration because she'd been off in Transia with Chthon doing God only knew what with her mind and body.
It would have been so much easier if he'd never told Steve in the first place - he hadn't intended too, until Wanda had forced the issue. He could have just gone ahead and quietly gotten an abortion without anyone being the wiser, and then it would have been as if the whole nightmare had never happened.
"I know I'm going to regret asking this," Clint said, "but why did Loki want Thor to be knocked up, aside from the obvious pointing and laughing benefits?"
Wanda Maximoff came back to herself 39,000 feet above the Atlantic Ocean. The yellow and grey padded seat-back in front of her had "Lufthansa" embroidered on it, and the plastic LCD screen set into the back of the chair in front of her was displaying a map of the North Atlantic with a dotted line indicating the plane's flight path – from Berlin to New York.
"Clint wants me to kill the Marcus character off in a really bloody way. You know, he's got something he needs to talk to you about, and you should probably go easy on him when he tells you."
Thor. Steve's newly regained good mood deflated a little. "You need to talk to Thor," he said quietly, the words sounding stiff and awkward to his own ears. Usually, balancing his relationship with Tony with their responsibilities as Avengers was, if not easy, then at least not especially hard. They'd reformed the team
Thor nodded solemnly, and the black flash of the communicator tucked inside his left ear caught Steve's eye.  He'd been better prepared than Steve had.  Except he hadn't-No, he wouldn't have ignored a distress call from another Avenger, no matter how angry he still was at Hank and Tony.  "Did you hear any of this?" Steve demanded, turning to face Thor.  Thor would say no, he was sure, but... "If someone had responded-"
"That part of my life is over, Hank," she said firmly. "But... the next time you guys need help out on the West Coast, give me a call. You may not be my husband anymore, but you're still my teammate."
Wong offered her an equally awkward smile, protesting that she didn't have to leave, which was nice of him considering that she'd landed on his and Strange's doorstep virtually out of nowhere, with a literal demon on her heels.
Jan carried her back to the table she'd shoved Byrne under, absently murmuring to her as she did so. "It's okay, it's okay. You're safe now."
"Congratulations, Captain America." Tony spoke in solemn tones, but Steve could hear the amusement underneath. "You've defeated a five pound kitten."
Several of the intruders were in the basement, almost on top of the vault, but it would take them time to get around the security he and Hank had installed, if they were even able to.  Nobody Sin would have been able to hire could get around Tony's security protocols, and Sin herself had always favored machine guns and knives over electronic warfare.  Doom, on the other hand...  He could undoubtedly hack or disable almost anything Tony could set up, but he wouldn't be able to do it quickly.
Tony hadn't wanted to be pregnant. Had she resented him for that, for rejecting something she had wanted to badly? Or maybe she had subconsciously let her powers influence him, hexed him without intending to, because part of her had wanted to help him.
Clint held both hands up, cutting him off. "I don't really care what you want, okay?" he said, in tone of voice he used when he was trying to be commanding and act like he thought a team leader should. It sounded a lot like an imitation of Steve. "Hank's not a real doctor. And since you won't go to a hospital like a sane person, your other option is to have a doctor come here."
At the end of the day, Ben had to walk back into the Bugle's offices and face Jonah Jameson, who didn't believe in letting anything, including friendship, loyalty, or libel suits, stand in the way of a good story. And a man who was willing to let the Kingpin break his fingers rather than squelch a new story would not be put off by evasions.
The cat, who had been crouched unhappily in Steve's upturned shield, clearly woken by the noise, got to his feet and dashed through the door after him, body low to the ground.
Hank waved the hand holding the goggles at her. "Please," he said. "The second I turn my back, he'll be up to his elbows in my equipment's guts. I miss my mini-lab."
"No, I mean actually as a woman." Her eyes sparkled with a light that was positively gleeful. "Rock the dress and the make-up and the whole nine yards. Take that chauffer of yours as a date, or find some other poor sap who owes you a favor and make him do it."
He closed the magazine in disgust, knowing he'd have to open it back up and read the last few pages and already dreading it. It would just be more pointed, entirely legitimate and thoroughly uncomfortable questions, and possibly some more dredged-up dirt from the Congressional hearings. There was probably more about Tony's drinking, as well; reporters rarely got tired of rehashing that, and Tony had, unfortunately, given them a lot of material to rehash.
Sam was leaning forward slightly, looking deeply relived that the conversation had gotten away from Tony and back to the matter at hand.  "Luke and Spiderman still have their Avengers communicators," he said.  "We can stay in contact with them that way."
"Tony," Steve interrupted, and Tony immediately fell silent, his breathing unsteady. "Tony, you know you sound-"
Don commented in the back of his head, sighing in dismayed confirmation at the sight of the faintly bluish tinge to Tony's fingernails. His lips were likewise bloodless, and while not bluish-tinted now, they could very well have been so when Thor had first entered. The blood from the nosebleed would have concealed it.
"I was just pointing it out," Hank said.  "As a last resort.  I think Don's going into shock, and Doom-"
Hank ignored the newcomer; he was bent over a computer screen, typing furiously and muttering to himself. "Some kind of pheromone component, that's how they tweaked this to ensure the response would be fear and not something else... Pheromones are good, I can do pheromones, it's no different than talking to ants... Almost instantaneous onset, how did they do that?"
"Satisfactory to everyone? You must be aware that there were a number of people who were very unhappy to see the Registration Act come to such an abrupt end."
"I assumed he'd changed it!" Steve said defensively. It was insane for Tony not to have, to leave such a massive weak point in his defenses. He must have forgotten about it, ludicrous as that sounded. He had been juggling a lot of different things then, and he might have just overlooked that detail.
"Do you ever shut up?" Jan demanded, and then Sin shrieked.  Sam didn't see what Jan did, but it must have been effective, because when he swung around to pinpoint his fellow Avengers again, Sin was empty handed and snarling with rage.
The sudden, delighted laughter seemed to come from everywhere at once.  A woman's voice, but with a strange, harmonic echo to it that made Steve's teeth ache and his skin crawl.
She moved abruptly, a gesture with the spear knocking Carol out of the air and into a huge LCD screen, and this time Steve could almost see the blast of power rippling in the air.
The alarm system had made only a discrete chirp, which meant that it was merely notifying them of someone's approach, not informing them that something had smashed the front gate down. Nevertheless, Wanda gathered power in her left hand as she reached for the doorknob, preparing to form a hex sphere. You never knew when a giant robot or angry supervillain might attack.
The black dress clung to Tony tightly enough to show off a narrow waist and gently curving hips - combined with his shoulders, just broad and muscular enough from years of metal working and hand-to-hand training to balance the hips perfectly, the result was a slender hourglass figure that...
Hank's head snapped around, and Sin yanked him forward and threw him over her hip and directly into the wall.
"It's not," Clint grunted, blocking a metal fist with one arm and shoving his bow between the robot's legs, "and I'm not." The robot toppled, and Clint leapt over it with enviable ease.
He didn't know how much of it Steve remembered; more than he did, probably. There had been an explosion — or, no Wanda had been there, with children, and turned her face away from him — and one instant of pain, just long enough for him to think
Across the table from her, Tony had gone white. "This interview is over," he said quietly. "Leave. Now."
Steve shifted the cat to one arm, and reached back to rub at his neck with his free hand. "I'll try calling Linda again," he said awkwardly. "Maybe Strange is back now." He turned to go, and Wanda reached for his arm.
"I know," Steve said, trying not to think too hard about what Bucky killing someone 'not cleanly' might have involved, even if that someone had been a monster like Crossbones.  "But if she's hurt Hank or Jan, I don't care how crazy she is.  SHIELD's psychologists can have her when we're done with her."
"Please tell me you didn't know about the ninety percent fatality rate when you shot yourself up with it."
"I'd like to think this past month has proven that public safety can be better protected without the Registration Act as it stood," Tony said smoothly. "It should be obvious by now that this country's superheroes can perform their jobs better when they're not being micromanaged."
They might not be able to repair things this time, not when they had wronged Wanda far more deeply than anyone in the superhero community had ever wronged Tony or Hank during the Registration fight – they'd been acting of their own free will. Even if the entire team and the superhero community at large were prepared to forgive her, something he'd bet money most of the world's mutant population was never going to do, she might not be able to forgive them.
ago," Clint complained, but he went, managing not to smack his six feet of unstrung longbow against anything in the process. Hopefully that boded well for Hank's luck today.
Tony shook his head, holding his gauntleted hands up, palms out, but Steve didn't want to hear whatever excuse he was about to make. Not right now.
It would, Steve reflected, be reassuring if Tony occasionally demonstrated a little more concern over his own health. The Extremis allowed him to shrug off injuries more quickly these days, but not
How pressure sensitive was it?  Some of the interfaces he'd built for previous iterations of his armor could be modified to provide more neural feedback, including sensory data.
"—not entirely sure how to accomplish that," he was saying. "Stephen's always been able to ignore those little details. You weren't officially declared dead, and the police and SHIELD didn't really understand what happened in the first place, so there have been no legal charges, so your assets should still be in your name." He nodded at the doorway, and added, gently, "Your teammates are here."
He wanted to believe he'd been with Bobbi, but if he had, that would mean she was alone now, and if they'd been together, surely she would have come back, too.
"I'm meeting Steve for lunch when he gets back from the Helicarrier." Even had he not been, he simply wasn't hungry. An Extremis-induced headache had been wrapped around his temples all morning, ready to turn into the familiar ice-pick stabbing over his left eye if he accessed more than three streams of data at once.
There was a blur of red at the corner of his vision, and Steve automatically focused on it long enough to see Sam dive through Doom's legs to snatch the Dee manuscript up off the pavement.
Daytime tv was sort of mind-numbing, even with the insane number of channels Tony’s television had.  Clint shifted slightly on the couch, trying to find an angle to lean back against the couch arm that would put the least amount of pressure on the bruises on his back.  It was, unsurprisingly, the one that put the most strain on his cracked ribs.
"Good," Jan told her, "because Cap and I are keeping her on active status. With things the way they are, we're going to need her. And I don't think the team can take having two more people in the field who won't talk to each other. Hank and Tony and Thor are dangerous enough already."
Steve turned his head — the cat growled warningly again — to see Sam stretched out on the other couch, propped up on one elbow and blinking blearily at him.
Doom turned to face him, seeming not to care that he was turning his back on the rest of them.  Beside him, Loki was toying with a dagger nearly the size of a short sword, still wearing the same disinterested smirk.  If they rushed Doom, would she try to stop them?  Carol could be on him in an eye-blink, faster than any normal human could move, but Loki was far from human.
When Hank was on a roll, he didn't need any input from anyone else in the room in order to keep going. After a while, Clint didn't even bother to make interested noises. Unless he actually fell asleep, Hank wasn't likely to notice.
Clint ran his fingers through his hair, then leaned his head back against the wall of the elevator, trying not to think about what
"You--" Tony lifted his head, staring at Steve through the shower spray. "God, Steve, I'm so sorry." He closed his eyes, face twisting in pain. "This is all my fault. I should have seen it coming. If I hadn't been so distracted by stupid politics, if I'd actually been paying attention to the team, maybe I could have…" He shook his head, opening his eyes again. "I don't know. I should have seen that there was something wrong. I set us up to be vulnerable, playing politics, getting involved in so much government stuff. I painted a giant target on my back, and all the rest of us by extension, and now you--" he broke off, voice choked, then went on, "I am so, so sorry."
Or maybe her ill-luck powers were interfering in an even simpler way: why had she and Strange, with all the power and knowledge at Strange's disposal, been unable to break the curse that kept Tony trapped in a female body? What if the nature of her magic - chaos based, just like Loki's - was actually feeding the curse somehow instead of weakening it?
Abruptly, Thor turned on his heel and stormed toward the elevator, his fists clenched and his boots striking sparks off the concrete floor.
And the old Spidey luck was working true to form. He might still be mad at Tony, but that didn't mean he wanted him to be poisoned.
"Strange is in Hell's Kitchen," Barnes volunteered, from where he leaned against the corner of another bed.  For all that he'd trained with Steve, the way he held himself reminded Tony more of Natasha, a kind of coiled readiness that managed to be relaxed and dangerous at the same time.  He'd stayed out of their fight, but Tony suspected that he would have been between them in an instant if he'd thought it was necessary, possibly with a knife.  "He and Cage and Murdock are guarding the cathedral.  Spiderman might be with them as well; he's hard to keep track of."
Tony knew he'd screwed up, but still seemed utterly convinced that he had made the right choices - that he had, in fact, had no other choices - despite his obvious guilt over Titanium Man's death. Which hadn't really been his fault, if his story about the man's armor malfunctioning was true, and Steve had no reason to believe it wasn't. Accidents happened, in combat. It was why having a superhero who wasn't in full and complete control of his actions was so dangerous.
"Only if you're an actor," Wanda responded, without looking up. "And anyway, bad luck is my specialty." After a moment, she added, "The witches are the best part. They control or manipulate almost everything that happens in the play."
Don Blake had wished to discuss this with the other Avengers first, but Thor had over-ruled him.  Loki was Thor's area of expertise, not Don's, and the rest of their teammates were either wounded or distraught at the moment.
"Is there something in particular you're hoping to discuss with us, Mr. Byrne?" Tony asked him, after the waiter had taken their drink orders. "We put out a press release after we dealt with the Venom virus."
Dum Dum Dugan had seen it. Sal Kennedy, he was sure, had seen it, too. In light of that, it was a minor miracle that Tony had managed to command even a shred of Dugan's respect.
Steve was stretched out along the length of Tony's body now, one hand bracing himself against Tony's pillow and the other sliding up under Tony's shirt.
, too immense and wild for control. He flung it at Chthon blindly, an exercise of magical brute force, but even as the chaos entity was expelled from his mind, the spear's power was burning through him from the inside out. "Hoary fucking hosts," he gasped. "I call—upon—"
Hank flushed, his face tightening with a familiar look of discomfort. She could almost hear him saying,
"Great." Hank grinned, feeling a surge of ridiculous satisfaction at having something actually useful to do, and then the memory of Jan huddled in a hospital bed flashed into his head, and he added, "Nobody was exposed to them, right?"
Tony took a step back from him, disappointment visible on his face. "You're not-" he started. Then he fell silent, and turned to go, giving Steve one more torturous glimpse of his pale, naked back, framed by black silk.
At least Sally Floyd had apologized for breaking the story without telling them, though she'd put most of the blame on Tony for not answering his phone.
Doom waved an imperious hand.  "Put him next to Pym."  He gestured again, and the dim, hulking shape just beyond the energy grid was suddenly and dramatically spot-lit, revealing a generator of some kind.  While the two Doombots dragged an unresisting Don toward the corner, Doom keyed something into the machine's controls and the energy grid vanished.
Sharon was frowning now, a line drawn between her eyebrows.  "And Fury helped stop it.  We wondered why Sin had it in for him, when he wasn't involved in Red Skull or Crossbones'' deaths.  What was this ritual supposed to do?"
"I see you've decided not to be reasonable," Loki said coolly. "I had hoped we might discuss this as friends, as befits kinsmen, but since you insist upon spurning my offers of peace..." She shook her head, her expression a parody of regret. "I know where Sif is. Give me the spear, and when I have it safely in my grasp, I will tell you of her location. Persist in this foolish stubbornness, and I shall see to it that you never lay eyes on her again."
Clint made a face. "Don't sound so regretful. Also, can we change the subject? I really don't need sexual fantasies with you in them."
"Probably not," Steve agreed, "but it will take some of it off." He handed the towel to Tony, and watched as Tony proceeded to smear eye shadow and mascara around his eyes until he looked like a raccoon, or possibly one of the teenagers who hung out in the Village - one of the more interesting things about visiting Dr. Strange's sanctum sanctorum was always the people you saw on your way there.
Did Strange pick up on her sarcasm, Steve wondered, or was his arrogance too impenetrable for that? He was, admittedly, very good at what he did, but he also was very, very aware of exactly how good at it he was.
"I'm sorry I didn't tell you." He actually did sound contrite, which wasn't always the case when Tony apologized for concealing information. "I know you hate being kept out of the loop."
It was probably DNA-related, Clint told himself. Hank would be more careful if his workspace were covered in poisons, acid, or some kind of bioweapon. If nothing else, he'd never have something corrosive so close to a computer.
Wanda glanced down at her watch, frowning. "Stopped again," she muttered. "What time is it, Iron Man?"
And just like that, Jan realized, the painful, frozen tension in the air was gone. Well, if you ignored the fact that Hank was still staring at his feet and hadn't spoken since apologizing for being here, Vision was still pretending to be incapable of speech at all, and Tony was doing the bantering thing with everyone
Strange raised an eyebrow. "I didn't mean it to be," he told her. "Shall we begin? I need for you to demonstrate a spell for me, preferably one of the more complicated ones you know..."
It was like laying her hands on a live electrical wire. Power poured through her like fire, raw and uncontrolled, and only the hard-won control of years kept her from being swept away by it.
It was terribly unfair, she thought, not for the first time, that while she and Vision had needed to resort to magic to try and have children, Tony, who was risking his future chances of ever being male again so long as he remained pregnant and who had never wanted a child in the first place, had conceived without even trying to.
"With pleasure." A ghostly feminine form blurred into being in the window before him, uncomfortably close to his own reflection.
SHIELD had stood in the way of her father's plans for years, stubbornly thwarting all attempts to impose a new and better order on the world. It had survived the Helicarrier's destruction, survived Stark's weak and faltering control, and her agents within its ranks had been eliminated. All attempts to re-infiltrate the organization had met with failure, and Doom had forbidden her to try again.
All the love in the world couldn't make you enjoy sex that went against your natural orientation, could it?
It was a little girl, no more than three or four. She was standing in the middle of the floor sobbing, people rushing past her obliviously. "Mommy! Mommy!"
Tracking the son of a bitch down and making sure he never laid a finger on another human being again would not help Tony now.
Jan streaked toward Hank, and Don gritted his teeth and forced himself away from the wall.  He had to get to Mjolnir.  Once he had his hammer, he'd be healed, could get them all out of here.
Tony held a small, glass vial out to Hank, its contents as clear as water. It looked ordinary, non-threatening.
He had gained a new appreciation for the stimulating possibilities of open source software during the seminar where they'd first met.
Steve shook his head. "All the priceless historical artifacts in there, and they walk out with a book. Why break into a museum just to steal a book?"
One of the great benefits of being back on the East Coast was that the kitchen was Jarvis's domain here, rather than a semi-abandoned No Man's Land mostly used for eating the take-out Clint and Bobbi ordered.
"That's... a good idea actually." Steve frowned slightly, his mask crinkling over his eyebrows. "Is that really what it's like?"
"That's between me and Clint." Wanda's voice rose sharply as she spoke, the words sounding strained, defensive, as if she truly felt guilty. Good. She ought to. "I brought him back as soon as I could. He's one of my oldest friends—do you think I wouldn't do anything to be able to do the same with Vision?"
Clint stared at her, not believing his ears for a moment. Maybe he did need to have Don check them out again, because she couldn't have just said–
"Someone needs to contact Hank," Steve said. He needed to know what had happened to Jan, and he was also their best bet on finding out what this stuff she and Tony -- and all of these other people -- had breathed in was. "Ms. Marvel, War Machine, you stay here and help the paramedics get people out."
It was irritating to have to fish out his Avengers communicator and tune it to Peter and Luke Cage's frequencies when contacting them ought to take only a thought, but at least the two of them were carrying them.  Daredevil had refused, saying that it was 'too distracting,' and while Strange technically still carried one, it never worked.
If it did, she was going to take great pleasure in informing Doom that she'd managed to locate and obtain the manuscript completely without his aid. He wouldn't be grateful, of course — gratitude was probably beyond him — but he wanted the book badly enough that she might be able to squeeze a 'please' or 'thank-you' out of him. He would hate choking those words out.
Dr. Brackett looked from Clint to Sam. They both nodded at him, and he sighed, shaking his head. "Perfect. Wonderful. We can't sedate him, because God knows how it will interact with whatever he's already been given, and he can screw with medical equipment with his head. Do you have any idea how much sensitive and expensive medical equipment there is in this wing of the hospital alone?"
Hank resisted the impulse to ask Clint if the quinjet could go any faster. He knew perfectly well that it couldn't, and bothering Clint while he was pushing the plane to the limits of its flight envelope wasn't going to help.
She woke up still Wasp-sized, inside a shimmering bubble of energy that she knew already was going to be impenetrable and probably shock her when she tried to touch it.  Through the greenish distortion of the bubble, she could see Hank chained spread-eagled to the opposite wall.
Jarvis would be upset were he to break the mirror. Thor settled for turning his back on it and leaving the room in search of some place deeper within the tower, without mirrors or windows. He was careful not to look into any reflective surfaces on the way.
"Oh, she's that, too." Bucky made a face. "She really enjoys torturing people. Really, really enjoys it. Most people don't, not really, or if they do, it's the power they enjoy, not the opportunity to lick somebody else's blood off their fingers."
A fool's bargain. Loki must be desperate to regain the power the spear held; how much had she lost when Valhalla had fallen? "And how would I benefit in this little scenario?"
Hank didn't seem to hear him; his face had lit up in a wide grin that would have been endearing if it didn't bring to mind evil robots, hoards of creepy-crawly things, and plans that went terribly, disastrously wrong. "I tried comparing mutant DNA to normal human DNA — just the sequences containing the X genes, to cut down on the computer processing time — and it kept throwing up false matches. And then I looked at the CAT scans Beast did on some of the X-Men to map the regions of the brain that control the use of mutant powers, and the chemical process that occurs when energy mutants convert biological energy to electrical-magnetic or kinetic energy, and there were a lot of very familiar neurotransmitters there. Did you ever wonder why Pym particles never took on you the way they did on the rest of us who used them?"
"She doesn't think we can trust her," Wanda said, "probably because we can't. She doesn't understand how much more dangerous Chthon is. She's never really faced him; I think she's thinking of him as just another magical being, like Morgan Le Fay or the embodiments of chaos and order that we ran into a few years ago. Something limited, human. Something that can be defeated." She took a bite of her sandwich, chewing it without enthusiasm, as if she were eating mostly out of a sense of duty.
Had she really learned English at her Aunt's kitchen table? How long had she been able to think in it? Everything prior to the last few minutes was distant, almost unreal.
of the blows Steve had been shrugging off throughout this sparring session. It was possible that he was a little rusty, thanks to spending the past month letting his cracked ribs heal, but he was giving it everything he had, even though part of him winced every time he threw a punch at Steve. "Force equals mass times acceleration, and you have about forty pounds more mass than I do."
"I don't even own any dresses," Tony protested, knowing he was just trying to stave off the inevitable now; when Jan had her mind made up about something, it tended to happen. "I specifically told Pepper not to buy me any."
He'd refused Steve's attempts to help him, the fact that Steve cared about him clearly not enough to make a dent in whatever funk he'd been stuck in, and when Steve had practically begged him to reconsider his actions over the stolen armor, he'd refused to listen then, too. That had hurt as much as discovering that his government, his country, had betrayed him, maybe more.
He wasn't going to be able to do it. It was easy to resist something when it wasn't around to tempt you. Feeling the Extremis waiting in the back of his head every day, the constant near-silent hum of electrical activity and digital information around him just waiting to be tapped into, and ignoring it, every day... it was hard enough to do that with alcohol, and that was something external. The Extremis was part of him. Not using it was like not using one of his hands. Like never wearing his armor.
Whatever Doom had done to change that hadn't been his fault.  Tony had been right about that, for all that he'd expressed it by mis-quoting C.S. Lewis.  Steve had had no part in it.
"Are you all right?" Steve was staring straight ahead, arms folded, every inch the stern and stalwart Captain America as he watched the Wrecking Crew being carted away - there were several news cameras focused on them all - but his eyes kept drifting sideways to Tony. "He swung that thing at you like he was trying to knock you out of the park. I thought you were going to go sailing right on through the nearest building."
He'd been able to do that, once. Not since Afghanistan, not really - he'd lost the ability to not care what people thought of him at some point in those caves, building the armor slowly under Yinsen's watchful gaze - but before that, no one's opinion had mattered. His father's always had, but his father had died, and the longer Tony spent in charge of SI, dealing with the people Howard Stark had screwed over, the more he realized that his father had been a deeply unpleasant man whose opinions were not necessarily worth respecting.
The Mansion might not even still be there. Her memories after Chthon had begun to control her were vague, but the image of the Mansion burning was sharp and clear. Chthon had used Jack of Hearts' body to destroy it, killing Scott Lang in the process.
The Sanctum Sanctorum was said to contain portals to other dimensions within its walls, to be bigger on the inside than it was on the outside. Wanda believed it. Strange's - servant? Partner? - had led her down yard after yard of twisting corridors and up more staircases than there were stories in the building in order to bring her to this room, and she could feel the latent magical energy in the air here.
It was two stories overhead, with exposed iron ceiling beams.  The high windows designed in the nineteenth century to let in light had been boarded over, so that the huge, open space of the warehouse floor was lit only by a dim, bluish glow that came from some unknown source behind Loki.
, his chest a tight knot of pain. For an endless moment, his lungs refused to work, and then he managed to suck in a shallow, ragged breath. The sharp, suffocating pain was immediately cut in half.
Tony’s smile slipped for a moment, and Steve remembered the raw grief on his face in those magazine photos.  Before he could apologize, the smile was back, if a little too bright.
It wasn't really that funny, but Jan found herself laughing anyway. "Since when has being a superhero ever been glamorous?"
needed to get away from it. She was breathing the stuff in right now, had been for at least five minutes, and she had no idea what it was.
What was she — Then it hit Sam. Something like ninety-eight percent of human mutations had nothing to do with the X gene. All of them had been unaffected by M-Day; Wanda's power had clearly been going by Chthon's intent, rather than a literal application of her words.
Hank stared down at his right hand, at fingers curled so tightly that his knuckles hurt, and heard the faint click of Jan's heels against the concrete as she jumped down from her perch on the computer and returned to full size.
"I've had a lot to keep track of." It sounded like the pathetic excuse it was. He should have come in here and asked Maya to figure out what the hell was wrong with him days ago. Once she did, and he fixed it, he would be able to keep on top of things properly again.
The door swung inward before his fingers had even touched the polished brass, to reveal Strange, standing several steps back from the entrance. The narrow, Victorian hallway was dark, wreathing Strange in dramatic shadows; Tony suspected it was intentional.
"What is it?  How badly is he hurt?"  Jan sounded concerned, her voice sharp and shrill in the way it only was when she was Wasp-sized.  "Hank?"
Steve shook his head slightly. "I meant by the criminal." It wasn't actually a matter for jokes - watching blue-white lightning crawl over the outside of Tony's armor had been far too reminiscent of the stunt Tony had pulled when his armor had been hacked, and Steve had already been anticipating giving him CPR again, steeling himself for the feel of Tony's ribs bending and cracking under his hands, when Tony had groaned and sat up again. The shock his heart had gotten had probably been bad enough as it was, even if it hadn't succeeded in actually stopping his heart this time.
Hank deflated slightly, and Jan realized that he might have interpreted that as an attempt to get rid of him. "And get yourself some ice cream," she added quickly.
The result was immediate and explosive. Tony's eyes snapped open, and he came up swinging, fist catching Steve in the face hard enough that he saw stars for a moment.
The smile froze on Doom's lips. She didn't intend to kill him. She had accepted his offer. She was reaching for his mask.
Tony groaned, lowering his head back down onto his folded arms. "Sorry you had to see that. I know it's not pleasant. Ru always hated it."
"And here." Strange's hand moved lower, hovering in front of Tony's stomach, and then his eyes widened, and he pulled his hand back abruptly. "Light of Oshtur! That's- that's not possible. Dr. Pym's data was very specific."
Thor himself remained as well, during those times when his presence was not required in Valhalla. To return to the Mansion and dwell under its roof again would be to return to an earlier time when his fellow Avengers were all his trusted comrades in arms; to return would be to forgive Tony, if only symbolically.
"We're not getting married in Vegas," Steve said patiently. Tony didn't actually mean it, he knew, but given too much encouragement, he might decide to do it just for the hell of it. Booking the honeymoon suite in a luxury hotel at a moment's notice was next to impossible for most people, but money was no object for Tony.
Cap wrapped one hand around the metal bar that formed the side of Tony's bed, gripping it so tightly that his knuckles turned white. "I'm right here." He said it very quietly, and for the first time, Clint felt as if he were intruding on something. He and Rhodey probably weren't supposed to be hearing this.
"Tony," Steve said slowly, the worry that had been filling him joined by a sudden urge to grind his teeth, "are you actually suggesting that I should reconsider our relationship because someday you might end up being mind-controlled?" If he let that possibility keep him from getting close to people, he wouldn't have any friends left. If he'd been able to forgive Sharon for shooting him, forgive Bucky for trying to assassinate him as the Winter Soldier, what made Tony think Steve would be willing to give him up over something that hadn't even happened. "Should I get rid of Sharon and Bucky, too? And Sam, just to be safe?"
"You think you've won just because you've stopped us here? This was just part of our plan. We've hidden a series of timed explosives all over the city." Madigan grinned, a particularly gruesome expression that reminded Steve far too much of the Red Skull. "Good luck finding them."
It was true, just as the fact that they'd needed to make first the SHRA and then the team their priority was true. Chthon could turn the entire world into a barren wasteland, and would, if he got free.
"Hank shouldn't leave these things lying around," he told the cat, picking up the scrip. He was about to shove it into his pocket when he noticed who it was made out for.
"Pit viper venom." Hank said firmly, as if there were no room for doubt, but he was already moving smoothly to a rack of test tubes and a miniaturized spectrometer to test the swab he'd taken from the knife blade. "There's a standard anti-venom for that, if it's from one of the common North American species."
He was breathing.  Steve felt dizzy with relief as he pried Tony’s breastplate loose.  As long as Tony was still alive, they could fix him.  Maybe it hadn’t been that bad.  The spear might have just grazed him, the magic knocking him out, or-
Steve hit the floor on one knee, moving mostly by reflex, the Doombot's blast sailing harmlessly over his head.  Thor and Tony turned as one to take it out, and that was when Doom made his move.
"You have to tell him, Tony. Whatever you do is your choice, but he deserves to know." Wanda's voice was audible from down the hallway, the concern in it obvious.
Her boots were loud against the bare marble floor, and louder still on the living room's wooden floorboards.
Carol’s answering smile was a little strained, and her voice was suspiciously thick as she answered, “Oh, good.  Thank you.”  She turned to Steve, smile still fixed in place.  “You go first.”
The words made no sense, the rushing sound in his ears turning them into meaningless, barely audible noise. The edges of his vision were blurred and grey, and suddenly he was in the hallway, leaning against the wall and trying to keep his hands from shaking, not entirely certain how he'd gotten there.
"In terms of horrible things your exes have done to you, talking you into doing that to your hair was only marginally less horrible than Kathy Dare shooting you." Jan almost sounded as if she meant it.
"She's over three hundred years old, she taught me almost everything I know, and she has a magical link to Chthon."
"We know she's getting something out of working with him," Sharon said.  "Maybe she's just in it for revenge.  Maybe she
The idea of willingly aiding Loki in her transparent grab for power made him feel unclean, and the prospect of pretending to aid her only to stab her in the back as she had done to so many others was even worse, but had he done so before, she would not have gone to Doom to achieve her aims, and the Wasp would not have been captured, nor Iron Man injured.  Iron Man, who was already ill.  Nor Hank Pym captured, who was still Thor's teammate and thus his comrade in arms regardless of his past behavior and refusal to apologize for it.
"It's been almost a day and a half," Clint interrupted miserably. "We thought it would wear off, but it hasn't. And it turns out Wanda's chaos magic isn't exactly up to breaking spells cast by a god of chaos."
Wanda nodded silently, the two of them sharing a moment of wordless communication whose content Tony didn't need to guess at. Then she pulled up the cloak's hood and walked briskly down the steps.
"Actually, two weeks out of the past month he was in another dimension with Clea. Some kind of demonic entity was trying to breach the barriers between the dimensions and consume all life on earth." Wanda had pulled her torn gloves off by this point and draped them over the arm of her chair. The pink and red of her tights and cape were the brightest colors in the room, standing out vividly against the white walls and white tile floor; wearing her Scarlet Witch costume apparently made it easier for her to concentrate on magic.
"Is that the Marlboro Man?" Tony pointed at the first picture, a color-saturated portrait of a cowboy. "Is that supposed to be sincere, or a post-modernist commentary?"
"Need some clear airspace for a landing, I know," she interrupted.  Without turning from the quinjet's controls, Carol reached up and tapped a finger against her earpiece.  "The NYPD is already talking to them."
"Or inside your own head," Wanda said, remembering the incessant whispering that had battered at the edges of her mind as she'd fled from the church.
"Well..." he hesitated for dramatic emphasis. "SI's not going to go bankrupt in the next year," he finished, unable to suppress a smile.
A opening that blatant really deserved to be met with detailed descriptions, but it was late already, and describing exactly what he'd wanted to do to Steve for the past two hours, ever since he'd watched him lick spaghetti sauce off the wooden spoon he'd somehow found in Tony's unopened boxes of cookware, would have taken longer than actually doing it was going to. "I'll think of something."
She knew perfectly well that she had no reason to feel guilty over her drug-induced fear of Hank, because Hank actually had given her a reason to be scared of him. But that had been a long time ago, and she wanted to think that they'd gotten over it, moved past it, and knew that for the most part, she had. At least, when she wasn't being drugged out of her mind.
Hank sighed and looked down again, blond hair falling into his face. He always forgot to cut it when he spent time out of the field. "We fucked up." His voice was flat, tired. "You'd think it would get easier admitting that. It's not like we haven't had practice."
It was not often that Doom found himself matched for sheer physical and magical power, though both circumstances were far more common than his being matched in intellect. Even so, if Loki thought something as childish as looming over him would secure her a psychological advantage, she was an even greater fool than he had previously assumed.
He hadn't meant to fall asleep at all.  When they'd all returned to Stark Tower, to set up temporary headquarters in their remaining undamaged living space, Carol had "suggested" that everyone without a half-Kree metabolism catch a couple of hours sleep, so that they wouldn't be operating solely on what little sleep they'd gotten last night when the inevitable crisis hit.
Steve was frowning, his eyebrows drawn together in a way that was usually endearing but that, right now, was just irritating. He was going to be stubborn about this. Damn it. "We can't just hand Loki that kind of power," he said. "God knows what she'd do with it. She might not be as evil as Chthon, but she's a lot less predictable."
"I just don't think that's a conversation Steve really needs to have right now." That possible interpretation of events didn't seem to have occurred to Steve, and Tony intended to keep it that way. Steve had enough to deal with in the wake of everything that had happened to him, without adding that.
"Like you wouldn't believe," MJ said. Peter couldn't even feel jealous, because even as a straight guy, he could admit that it was true. Cap looked kind of like one of those statues of Greek gods from the Met, if you painted it with an American flag.
Rhodey tossed the feathers away from him. The cat launched itself at them with a clumsy speed that Steve had learned by this point was born of insanity. "After Gyrich, Gauntlet, and Justice, stopping crazy people from jumping out tenth-story windows is a vacation," Rhodey said, cat dealt with.
Steve hadn't been here in months, but he remembered how to order dessert in the way that would be least inconvenient for the staff. Of course he did.
Clint held a hand up, cutting him off. "You don't have to rant at me; I sat through all those hearings, too. But I have to say, the more I hear about that program from you and Jan, the more I see why Steve was so freaked out by it." There were parts of it that sounded like a good idea, like giving superhumans some kind of official training, and locking supervillains up somewhere they couldn't escape from every other week, but they were vastly outnumbered by the blatantly horrible parts. Like pardoning Norman Osborn and putting him in charge of the Thunderbolts, which only someone heavily bribed with Oscorp money could ever think was a good idea.
Sin adjusted her night vision goggles, which she had carefully turned off to avoid being flash-blinded by the explosions, until the world was brightly lit in shades of green again. The two men she had left outside would have cut the power, and the inside of the vault would be as dark as a grave. The SHIELD agents inside would already be on guard, but they would be blind, fumbling uselessly around in the dark.
It looked normal, quiet and shut up like just about any church would be on a Saturday afternoon. She couldn't feel anything out of the ordinary, either, though why she should have expected to, Jan didn't know. Wanda was the one who was sensitive to those sorts of things, which was one of the reasons why they had decided to put her back in the field. Carol had a better chance of picking something up than Jan did; her powers were energy based, and chaos magic was, after all, a kind of energy.
It paled beside the infuriating loss of the spear’s power to the Scarlet Witch, but that had been defeat at the hands of a foe who, while not as great as Doom, was still worthy of at least minimal respect.  Being forced to allow SHIELD’s busybody agents to haul him – him, Victor von Doom – away in cuffs, on the other hand…
"We've hit a small speed bump," he said. "It will only take a couple of weeks to remedy the situation, though."
"Jan!" Hank burst into the room, white lab coat flapping around his legs. He had obviously come straight from whatever he'd been doing in Avengers Tower without bothering to change his clothes.
It probably said something about how much time they had all spent in one another's company that no one had to ask which of Wanda's various costume designs Clint was talking about.
"Left-handed people aren't automatically evil, you know," Tony said, knowing it was off topic but unable to resist making the protest. Especially since, from Clint, it was probably an intentional attempt at being annoying, since he knew how irritating baseless superstitions were and couldn't possible have forgotten that Tony was the only left-handed person in the room.
"Oh My God, you're pregnant?" she blurted out. Pregnant. Tony. The entire concept was ludicrous, not to mention deeply out of character - Tony had insisted on protection every time they had slept together, during Jan's brief and ill-advised fling with him last year, despite the fact that she'd been on birth control. Then again, there had been magic at work. Maybe Loki's spell had over-ridden his and Steve's good judgment. Or magically over-ridden any precautions they had taken.
"There's nothing he could have done here that a fireman couldn't do better." Steve didn't have any powers, beyond the heightened endurance and flexibility granted by the supersoldier serum, and he didn't have Tony's engineering knowledge, either. What he did have was a lifetime of combat experience.
"I suppose it's too late to talk you into eloping to Vegas?" Tony's hair was a mess, half of it sticking up and the rest hanging in his face, and the mark Steve's had left at the base of his throat was already turning a nice, incriminating red. He wasn't going to bother to wear a shirt with a collar that would cover it tomorrow, either; Tony didn't care who knew that he'd been having sex. In fact, Steve was starting to suspect that he
"You don't have to leave," Tony said, still not looking at the rest of them. "No one's kicking you out."
Tony grinned even wider, and let Steve drag him down the hallway to their bedroom; he did, in fact, have a reputation to maintain.
Hank blinked, his attention suddenly utterly focused on Don.  It was the kind of look some of the surgeons Don had known had gotten when they'd opened up a patient, or that Tony gave machines.  To be on the receiving end of it was disconcerting.
He'd managed to get part of the panel covering the inner workings of the machine loose somehow, Don saw, despite not having any tools.  No, wait.  He had a tiny screw driver in one hand.  Where had that come from?
Tony had had two tickets to it, one for himself and one for an unspecified and to-be-selected date, for the past two months. He hadn't given the matter of whom he'd be going with much thought; there were always women eager for the chance to accompany Tony Stark out for a night on the town. Some of them were even women whose company he actually enjoyed.
He'd always been able to do that before, and when he couldn't, he'd known that it was time to take the armor off and give it to Rhodey.
Steve's worry vanished in the heat of irritation. "Where have you been all day?" he demanded, sitting up with a jerk. "Sub-director Hill wouldn't give me anything other than that Doom and Sin are working together. You can't find out something like that and then go to radio silence for hours."
"Repeatedly," Clint said, "and then you said that you, Hank, and Wanda were going to get to work undoing the magic, which was apparently code for 'I'm going to take my new girl body for a test drive.'" He frowned slightly, and then his eyes widened and he started to grin. "You didn't try the kissing thing on Wanda, did you?"
Steve resisted the impulse to protest that he would make a very convincing drag queen, realizing just in time how silly that would sound. "Bucky and I were never caught," he said, instead. "Okay, we were frequently caught, but not because people saw through our disguises."
"I wish Scott Lang were still around. He would have been great at this." It wasn't just that Scott had been a father himself; he'd been legitimately good with children, and had had an enviable ability to put complex concepts into simple terms without sounding as if he was talking down to people. Hank himself had never quite mastered that. "You could try calling Ben Grimm for advice," he suggested. "He's got experience with kids. I'd suggest the X-Men, but most of them won't touch the Initiative with a ten foot pole." He'd had to promise to run a battery of DNA tests on active and deactivated X-genes in order to get Hank McCoy to bring in an empath and set up extra training for Trauma, when the trainee's fear-projection powers had gotten out of control. "Scott Summers might be willing to give you a lesson plan, but that's about the best you'll get."
“Wanda’s awake,” she repeated.  “They aren’t letting anyone in to see her yet; the nurse said the SHIELD psychics were still evaluating her.”
Given Steve's mood at the moment, it was a good thing he wasn't seriously injured.  If Steve had reacted this badly to a migraine, a minor electrical shock, and a few moments of unconsciousness, he would probably have completely lost it over a real injury.
It had gotten him killed once already — Steve, Clint, Tony... her non-powered teammates were frighteningly breakable in some ways.
Jan landed on Steve's right shoulder with a thud, the weight of the electronics equipment in her arm making her uncharacteristically clumsy. "You tried to have your father killed by turning him into a living bomb," she said.
Right.  Matt was officially  Not Daredevil again.  On the other hand, everyone at the table knew his  identity perfectly well.  "Oh," Peter said, "are we still pretending we  don't know?  Fine. I mean Matt Murdock.  Matt Murdock, who is in no way  secretly Daredevil, sleeps in his law partner's t-shirts."
She shook her head, waving one hand in a negative motion as if Clint could see her. "Okay, you know what, I'm giving the phone to Cap now."
Now it was just the three of them, and Steve was enjoying beating them in the most humiliating way possible very much indeed.
Thor reached for Mjolnir's handle, the leather wrapped metal fitting easily against his palm. "Show yourself, Loki," he growled.
Someone had revealed Agent Carter and Barnes's location to Sin last month. Barnes had said that the source of the leak had been dealt with, but the fact that one double agent had survived Fury's investigation meant that more could have.
The red and gold helmet turned slowly toward him. "Steve?" Tony's voice sounded distant. "Where did the blood come from? Repulsor burns don't bleed."
No, none of them had intended for Bill Foster to die, least of all Hank.  "I know," Don said wearily.  Would he prefer that Thor's memory had been left alone and his body not been violated for the sake of science if the price was an unknown number of dead 'test subjects?'  Put like that, it was impossible to say yes.  Thor had accepted that — they both had.  But it still felt... damn it, there were signed consent forms for medical experiments for a reason.
Strange's Sanctum Sanctorum had been disguised as an under-construction Starbucks, complete with a limp banner that proclaimed an opening date several months away. The familiar metal construction scaffolding and black safety netting that one saw all over the city had almost entirely obscured the building's Victorian façade – until Wanda looked more closely, and the construction debris wavered and faded, glimpses of the untouched house beneath the illusion showing through.
He deserved Steve's anger and contempt, but that didn't make the thought of facing it again less painful. If anything, it made it worse.
There were a couple of moments of silence, while they all stared at the five remaining highlighted spots on the map, none of which helpfully stood out as abandoned Victorian Gothic mansions or conveniently empty state of the art lab facilities.  Barnes drummed his fingers on the table, then seemed to realize how loud the metal-on-wood tapping was, and stopped.  His arm was good work, especially for a Cold War relic, but the designers had sacrificed aesthetics for function — typical of Soviet work.  He'd probably refuse an upgrade, but something like Misty Knight's cybernetic arm, with built-in weaponry...
"If I'm doing this without powers, I expect you to do it unarmed," he told Clint a short while later, eying Clint's garishly purple compound bow.
"That doesn't make the consequences go away. Nobody trusts me or my company anymore, not after what Stane did. After what I did. Everyone knows what Tony Stark is like, how easy it is to get what you want out of him if you just use enough alcohol." Tony made a rough, half-laughing sound. "I probably won't even remember it in the morning."
"Man, are we lucky he gave you new access codes to his armor," Sam said, shaking his head slightly. "If he'd gone crazy like some of those people did, I don't even want to think about how much damage he would have caused."
Just hearing Sally's voice on the phone last week had brought the memory back, made him long simultaneously for both the scotch he still kept in his office — not offering prospective business associates a drink would be a sign of weakness, as well as a breach of unwritten social rules — and for the sound of Steve's voice. He'd made himself get back to work, ignoring the temptation to call Steve just to make sure he was okay.
"Or," Tony said, tilting his head to look up at Hank - the through-the-lashes seductive look was much easier to pull off at this height, it seemed - and taking a step closer to him, "you could do it again."
There was a loud thud behind him, then the unmistakable sound of Thor's massive, booted feet hitting the pavement. "Why do we wait?" he demanded. "Your message said it was most urgent." Then, to Tony, "This device does not function on the subway. Methinks you should remedy that."
Jan made a great show of thinking carefully about it . "The pint of Häagen-Dazs in the freezer door. The caramelized pear and toasted pecan flavor."
"But did you tell anyone?" she pressed. "When people like us lose it, it's a big deal. You have to tell someone. The more people who know, the better the chance that if it happens again, somebody will step in before anyone gets hurt. If nothing else, you should have told Steve. If any of us had known about Wanda..."
"Says you," Sam snorted. "How many fights with someone in brightly colored spandex did you get into while you were out running last week?"
Wanda flushed, her face almost as red as Steve suspected his own was. "You and Steve have a lot to talk about," she told Tony. "I should leave you two alone."
"Unknown toxins are not on the short list of fluids I'm willing to suck from your body," she said dryly.
She remembered the way the air around Sin had rippled and distorted, the white glow of her eyes, and the otherworldly voice that had made her ears ache, and shuddered.  Maybe there hadn’t been.
No matter how tempting it became, he was not going to point out how much better it would have been to have her nominally on their side rather than against them.
"Are you sure?" Clint said dubiously, raising his eyebrows slightly. "I could try getting a telepath or Dr. Strange or somebody to un-mind-whammy me."
Don suddenly felt very tired.  Maybe it was the situation, or maybe it was the blood loss.  "Where do you think the Odin force comes from?"
Having Steve to come home to, knowing that Steve's hands, his mouth, his body could actually make having a woman's body... not exactly a substitute for his own body, but fun nonetheless, that Steve
She kept walking until she had left town far behind, following a small, winding path right to the foot of the mountain, just where the landscape started to slope upward. Why on earth had she decided to live so far out of town? She ought to at least have a bicycle or something -- surely she didn't walk the whole mile and half every time she needed groceries.
"He was hallucinating earlier," Cap said, very softly. "When I got up there, he said-" he broke off, suddenly pale, and closed his eyes again. "Not still. He thinks I'm dead again. He said 'repulsor burns don't bleed.' He thinks I'm dead and that he killed me."
Clint winced; Jarvis wasn't going to be happy when he saw the scratches Matt/Patton/Churchill's claws had left on the shiny new floorboards.
"You aren't good with cats," Sam observed. "Remember that time you kept your neighbor's cat for a week and it ran every time it saw you coming?"
When they landed outside the West Coast Avengers' headquarters fifteen minutes later, Tony was still pale and in obvious pain, but didn't seem any weaker or sicker than he had been when they had picked him up. Hank's worst case scenario, that he was bleeding internally from a placental abruption, was seeming less likely. Still, he vetoed Tony's attempt to walk out of the quinjet and into headquarters under his own power.
* Tony's voice sounded in Steve's ear, coming through the communicator clear and undistorted the way it did when he used the Extremis rather than the communication link in his helmet. *
Clint was welcome to deal with her, and with all the other dusty and shell-shocked residents and construction workers. She didn't envy him.
"I have to hit you harder to knock you down than you have to in order to knock me down. It's basic physics."
Peter crouched down in front of Tony, trying to get a closer look. Tony's pupils were all dilated, but his eyes were tracking; as Peter moved into his field of vision, he blinked, eyes refocusing.
"This is going to sound terribly rude, but can I borrow your date for the next song?" The voice came from almost immediately behind him, and Tony turned to see an unfamiliar man in his early thirties, a few years older than he was. "You look very, very familiar," he was saying. "Where do I know you from?"
"This meeting is not a place for levity," Thor said stiffly, neither looking at Tony nor directly addressing him. "Trust must be earned, and is all too easily betrayed. But by all we have heard, the Scarlet Witch is, methinks, innocent of any such betrayal. And Chthon is a terrible enemy; none of the gods of Asgard have powers to equal his. My vote is that we accept her help."
She could hear gunfire from elsewhere in the mansion, but none of the Doombots in the hall carried guns.  More unusual luck; her shield would be as much of a danger as a defense in the face of gunfire. Bullets ricocheted off it at random, and it would have taken nearly all her concentration to keep them from hitting one of the others.
"Hank," Tony pointed out, "when you work on things for days on end without taking breaks, they tend to gain sentience and try to kill you."
The guards at the entrance of the compound that wasn't a chemical plant had been easy to slip past, clearly low-levels unaware of the importance of what they were guarding. She had been tempted to take the extra few minutes and kill them, but the guards checked in with the main building by radio every fifteen minutes, and tonight's goal was too important to jeopardize by risking alerting the target just for the sake of a little fun.
It was a prescription scrip, not a scrap of engineering print-out. A prescription for... Clint squinted at the name, unsure of what it was or even how to pronounce it.
Tony stepped back, out of Steve's reach, and forced himself to straighten up – he was only winded, after all, not actually hurt.
Hank, then. Hank had said he would be coming back with Tony, a sort of quiet defiance in his voice daring anyone to tell him no. Steve had been too preoccupied to care, enough so that he had nearly forgotten to tell Jan that Hank was coming. Tony was hurt. Nothing else anyone from the West Coast team had had to say had seemed important.
And in the meantime, people were being hurt, and the Post's editorials were encouraging it. Steve gave in to the impulse to pace — Tony wasn't looking at him anyway — and made a circuit of the lab, picking his way around a quinjet engine, partial suits of both Iron Man and War Machine armor, and a half-dozen pieces of welding and machining equipment. A purple tuft of feather that looked suspiciously like part of one of Clint's arrows was caught on the corner of Tony's drafting table; Steve pulled it free, smoothing the barbs back together.
, that whatever supernatural essence gods were composed of would come back if they gave it a body to inhabit. What they had gotten instead had been something else. Something... emptier.
He hadn't been able to influence her as strongly during the flight because the plane had been too far from the earth, where he was bound. Now that they had landed again, and she was back on solid ground...
He let Wanda keep the chair – she looked even more exhausted now, and he probably should have ordered her to get back in bed – and perched gingerly on the edge of Tony’s bed, taking Tony’s lax hand in his.
He'd been trying hard to avoid thinking of Tony since Tony's apparent complete lapse of sanity - and that was if Steve was being charitable - over his stolen technology. He'd especially tried to avoid thinking of Tony in this kind of context, because musing about Tony's lean, cleanly defined muscles and husky voice made staying angry with him more difficult than Steve wanted it to be.
He'd thought Steve was dead, known Steve was dead. Known if he tried to touch Steve, he wouldn't be able to. It wasn't that he hadn't known he was hallucinating -- he'd known that. But as surely as he'd known he couldn't trust his own perceptions, he'd known Steve was dead, dead because of him, at his hands. And even if Steve was just another hallucination, that had been better than losing him entirely.
"Which is what makes it such a bad idea," Steve interrupted. "If I thought you were being naïve – but you know how dangerous she is. I thought we were finished with you putting yourself in dangerous situations because you think you—"
"You don't have to marry me," he mumbled into Steve's costume. The edges of his goggles cut into his forehead, and the leaf-shaped pieces of Steve's scale mail were sharp aginst his face. "I'm only going to be pregnant for another couple of weeks, so you don't have to make an honest woman of me. It would take more than a debatably legal wedding to do that anyway."
The Mansion was full of high-tech training apparatus, but Steve had always found beating the daylights of out a traditional, low-tech heavy bag to be the most therapeutic way to spend an hour or so, when he couldn't get someone else to spar with him (Sam would never agree to do it any time Steve was visibly annoyed or upset about something. "It's supposed to be fun," he'd said, when Steve had asked him. "Not an excuse to find yourself a human punching bag.").
He hesitated, clearly choosing his words with care. "There's been a great deal of trouble and conflict in your absence, as I'm sure you've heard."
There was an instant of silence, everyone else presumably as surprised as Tony was. Since when did Loki feel any kind of familial affection for anyone?
"I wasn't sure the four of you would be able to get all the bombs defused in time," he admitted. "I should have known better than to worry."
Grabbing him by the wrist, yanking him forward, and throwing him over Steve's hip and onto the mat was as easy as breathing. And also, Steve thought with a wince, as Tony climbed to his feet again, not exactly pulling his punches.
Steve straightened, and turned to face Tony, ready to offer a sincere if slightly grudging thanks, when a resounding
Steve’s own cracked ribs had already healed, so maybe Sam had a point about the super soldier serum having a mild healing factor.  Not that he planned to admit it.
Two pages later, he was gritting his teeth. Nothing he'd read so far was actually untrue, and aside from the swipe at Hank, none of it was phrased in such as way as to openly attack any of the Avengers' abilities or integrity. It just... raised questions. About Hank's stability. About Clint's record. About Carol and Hank and Tony's involvement with the Initiative. About Tony's long record of health problems and, of course, his drinking. About Thor's presence, and what kind of consequences could come from gods interfering in human affairs. About Wanda's reappearance after a long and unexplained absence. About Steve's ability to lead the team properly after the disaster that the fight over Registration had become. About Sam's vaguely described connection to Red Skull — vague, because specific details would have made it obvious that he'd been manipulated against his will. Jan, oddly, seemed to escape Floyd's journalistic scalpel, possibly because in her case, there was simply less dirt to be dug up.
"And then he said that there had been complaints from parents that I wasn't a good role model, and they were going to have to reject my offer to volunteer and have someone else fill in during that time slot."
The armor's override code did nothing.  Steve tried it again anyway, then a third time, then gave up and started wrenching at the edge of Tony's faceplate.  The fact that the armor was dead didn't have to mean anything.  Tony could be completely conscious and unharmed inside it, trapped inside his own unresponsive armor.
Carol ducked out through the hole in the wall, and let herself drop back down to the sidewalk. The ground below her was covered in glass shards and broken bits of rubble; from the air, they formed a pattern vaguely like a face, with narrowed eyes, and a gaping, grinning mouth.
Steve blinked hard, trying to force back the tears that suddenly blurred his vision.  “No,” he managed.  “We won.”
Wanda shook her head, rubbing at the tattoo on her left hand. "No. You don't have to trust me. I'm not asking to come back to the team. Not now. Not after-" she stopped, swallowing, and continued. "I know I can't apologize or go back. I wanted to warn you."
Clint's lips twitched slightly. "Have you ever noticed that Cap always seems to assign the fun parts of these things to himself?"
These days, of course, he'd thrown away the ability to have even that. Forget sex or romance; he'd settle for just having Steve's friendship back. It had been a little better since that talk in the kitchen - Steve would actually speak to him about more than just official Avengers business now - but the trust and friendship that they'd once shared was broken, gone.
him – and Strange knew, with an instant's cold clarity, that if his shields failed, if he did not succeed in driving the chaos entity back, out of his mind, then Chthon would possess him utterly, make of him a puppet the way he had the Scarlet Witch.
Barnes moaned, and mumbled something in Russian, too low for Tony to make out. His pupils were dilated wide, making his eyes look black in the bright overhead lighting, and he was breathing shallowly, a barely audible wheezing note underlying each breath.
His heart. Of course. No wonder he had been having dizzy spells, had felt wrong, exhausted, ill. Tony drew in a deep breath, forcing himself not to react visibly, and tried to think how he would break the news to Steve.
“Are you sure you’re up for it?”  He’d been trying not to hover all evening, but he couldn’t help asking.  The visceral memory of Tony’s broken ribs
"When she reached New York, proximity to the Spear of Loki in Hell's Kitchen disrupted Chthon's control over her. She came to me, and I was able to place magical shields on her to prevent him from reasserting control." Strange stopped in front of a heavy, wooden door, pushing it open with one hand and waving them inside with the other. "I believe I will let Miss Maximoff explain the rest."
Yes, clearly it was Hank who was worried, and not Tony, Steve thought affectionately. "Hank's experiences with marriage are not universal," he said firmly.
. Old instincts kicked in, reminding him not to let his struggle for breath or the twinges in his chest show.
The team was standing in a loose huddle, everyone staring at Tony, who had turned away from them and wrapped his arms around himself. It was a very vulnerable, human gesture that should have looked odd in the armor, but Hank had seen him do it often enough before that any oddness had long since worn off.
Tony had come to a halt in the middle of the room, and was now blinking slowly at the boxes; he was starting to look slightly dazed with exhaustion. "Are you ever planning to unpack those?" he asked, frowning.
Offering to spar with Tony had been a spur of the moment decision, motivated as much by a selfish desire to regain one more piece of normalcy as the hope that it would help Tony blow off steam and relax the way it always did for Steve. Unfortunately, it didn't seem to be working. Tony visibly seethed every time he forgot to compensate for his altered center of gravity or smaller size, clearly angry with himself for the failure.
"You say the most romantic things," Tony said, and grabbed for Steve with enough force that all attempts to be slow and gentle went out the window.
Cap was staring blankly at the doctor. "He can't be," he said, voice rough. "He was talking before."
Don started to reach for the chart hanging at the foot of Hank’s bed, then stopped, glancing at him.  “Can I-“
Steve smiled, and kept looking at the woodcut; he didn't need to see Tony to imagine the rueful little smile on his face. "When there are fewer cameras around, maybe." In the woodcut, a man and a woman were locked in a passionate embrace, while a bird hovered over them, transfixed in a ray of light. In the background, a lion was eating the sun. The little plaque to the left of the image explained that the couple represented the sun and the moon, and the lion, the role of spiritual mercury as a universal solvent.
She sighed. "You know I shouldn't be doing this, but I get the feeling it will be easier for all of us if I just give in now. If you follow me, I'll take you to them."
The ambulances had turned off their sirens, but their lights were still flashing garishly. There was a ladder truck there now, too, the firemen busily extending the ladder towards the building's top floor.
The cat returned once more, Clint's arrow fletching firmly grasped in its mouth, and spat the feathers out onto Rhodey's foot. When he didn't immediately reach down to pick them up, the cat raised itself onto its haunches, placed both front paws on Rhodey's knee, and mewled demandingly.
He kicked off his boots, left his costume in a pile of leather on the floor, and crawled into the bed next to Tony, pulling the covers up over both of them.
Tony met her eyes before he spoke, making certain she knew how serious he was. "We wouldn't let that happen. Not again."
The library was one of the rooms in the house that Steve had always associated with Tony; there had been a lot of nights early in his time with the Avengers when Steve had spent hours very late at night or early in the morning sitting in the library talking to Iron Man. He'd usually been woken by nightmares of the war or the explosion that had killed Bucky and trapped him in the ice; he'd never known what Iron Man's reasons for apparently never sleeping had been.
If Tony had assumed that Steve's request that he come with him to the photography exhibit had been Steve asking him out on a date, then the fact that he had come meant that he did want the two of them to have a real relationship. That, in fact, he assumed they'd already started one.
Sometime over the past few weeks, it had turned cold. Barely October, and it was already only fifty degrees — and from a couple hundred feet up, with nothing to block the wind, it was even colder.
Wanda shrugged, tucking her hair back behind her ear. "All in a day's work." She left, tossing a, "See you in the morning," over her shoulder as she did so, and then Steve was left alone with Tony and unconscious Clint.
"Mr. Stark," Tony interrupted, suppressing the urge to snap at the man and making himself smile instead. His back had been hurting for the past day, probably from the fight with Hydra the Avengers had gotten into just before he'd left New York. He'd actually managed to avoid being thrown into or through anything or being hit repeatedly with crowbars or forcebeams or other large, blunt objects, but maybe he'd pulled something.
"Trust me; we're all glad you're back. Steve spent the entire time stomping around and pretending he wasn't sulking."
Agatha was between Wanda and the door. The only way out of the room was though her. Unless... they were on the first floor. Outside the window, it was only a three-foot drop into Agatha's flowerbeds.
Somewhere behind him, he could hear Thor shouting – Loki was gone, escaped somehow – and Doom’s armor clanking as he tried to wrestle free of Carol’s grasp.  None of it was as important as making sure he pulled Tony’s helmet off as carefully as possible, without jarring his spine.
that?" he snapped. "Do you think Fury would have made a move in the first place if he didn't have his ass covered?" He drew in a long, slightly shaky breath, and added, quietly, "They were using my designs in weapons, Steve."
Clint shook his head slightly. "Considering how lovey-dovey it looks when any of you guys fly while carrying someone, and considering the camera crews right over there and how much fun the media had debating whether or not you'd ever slept with Henry Hellrung, I think I'll wait for the Quinjet."
"I..." Don looked awkward for a moment, frowning down at the curved needle in his right hand as if he was hoping it would answer for him. Awkwardness was not something Clint had ever previously associated with him. "I was in town on family business, and I heard about the mass poisoning. I used to work here, once upon a time, so I thought I should come here and help out."
"My device worked just fine," Tony snapped, a brittle edge in his voice that probably had as much to do with pain as anything else.  "He was using some kind of magic."
"If he does," she pressed.  He was clawing at the walls she'd put up to keep him out, now, hissing that she wouldn't be able to keep him out for long with so much of her power walled away.
"The chestplate warped where the robot hit me. The seals are shot." Tony shrugged, and reached up to flick wet hair out of his face. A drop of water landed on the floor below him.
Bucky nodded, once, offering Steve a flash of the old, fierce grin that made him look younger, more like the kid Steve remembered; a 'we' from Sharon included him, now. He and Sharon had belonged to such different parts of Steve's life, until he'd woken up to discover the two of them had formed a relationship of their own without him.
"Because if you do so at my instigation," Doom snarled, "it will be the same, metaphysically speaking, as if I had murdered him myself, and the spear will be permanently sealed from us." Curse Strange for his thrice-damned interference, anyway. The spell barring Doom from the spear was a continual insult, too strong and subtle for even a sorcerer of Doom's abilities to break, and the fact that Strange had tied it to a person rather than to the spear's resting place was like a great, ticking clock working against him. If he was not able to act before Murdock inevitably got himself slaughtered by some supervillain or walked in front of a city bus, the locus of the spell would change, and he would have to begin his efforts to find a way around it all over again.
Steve winced, looking away from the all-too-graphic reminder of how many times Tony had nearly died. When he looked back, Tony had attached a cable to the exposed surface of the metal device, and was plugging the other end into the wall socket.
Tony hit him in a classic football tackle, his entire bodyweight colliding with Steve's ribs, and the two of them went crashing to the mat, Steve too off-balance to prevent it.
If her urgent return to the East Coast hadn't been prompted by an apparent lapse of sanity on Tony's part, she might almost have been grateful for the excuse to leave LA. The trip... hadn't gone well, though it hadn't been as bad as she had feared. She'd expected shouting and bitter fighting and that she'd leave miserable. She'd gotten the shouting in spades, but if anything she felt... slightly better for it, actually. Not better enough to want to stick around and keep doing it, but better.
As he stood alone in Tony's old living quarters, at the top of the tower that bore his name, and stared out at the city lights, it occurred to Thor that perhaps such hairsplitting had been unworthy of him. His friends had acted without honor, yes, but they had not done so with deliberate ill intent, and while he had not-quite — forgiven Tony, he had already made the decision to treat him as an ally once more, if not a brother. There was no dishonor in accepting hospitality from an ally.
"I was twenty-six, and I was trying to lead the team on my own for the first time." He was staring at Tony again, one hand resting on the back of the chair he'd been sitting in when Clint came in. "And you were this obnoxious little punk," Cap went on, turning back to Clint, a sad little smile on his face. He reached down and, without looking, brushed Tony's hair out of his face.
from being an idiot, well, that's a wake up call all on its own. And speaking of Tony, tell him he better not steal any more of my teammates."
Wanda winced; she could still hear her children's screams as Mephisto had re-absorbed them back into himself. She had been able to make them exist while she was around them; if she had been more knowledgeable, more experienced, more skilled, would she have been able to make the spell permanent, make them real?
"That's it?" Sam blurted out.  "That's why you wear that thing?  The Red Skull had you beat six ways to Sunday when it came to having a face that frightened small children."
Her own power was out of reach, still locked away in whatever spell Chthon had tied it up in, but the cathedral was full of chaos magic, magic that didn't belong to Chthon and therefore couldn't be controlled by him. Wanda closed her eyes and grabbed desperately for it, reaching toward the altar with her free hand.
He couldn't remember why he hadn't brought her in. He couldn't even remember leaving. He barely remembered anything after he'd arrived on in that little town, except for... the sex. He remembered that part.
He pulled his foot away from Tony's leg and sat up. "I thought we agreed that you wouldn't do this anymore."
"The sex pollen Loki used to make Hank and Tony... do whatever it is they did." To his embarrassment, Steve found himself unable to actually say it.
"Sorry?" Tony offered. In retrospect, that had not been his finest hour, no matter how pleasant spending time out of costume with Jan had been. "Steve took me to task for it like you wouldn't believe."
Tony snorted. "Not when it's people gluing baby dolls to trashcans and claiming it represents something deep and meaningful."
Clint had been to LaGuardia airport dozens of times, and it never got any less crowded. It wasn't that hard to get through the crowd, though, as long as you didn't mind shoving past people.
Installing it in the Mansion's main lab had been much easier – one of the benefits of his grandfather's insistence on buying a house that occupied an entire city block was that there was more than enough room for garage workspace, labs, quinjet hangers, and anything else the Avengers needed, even if they had to go below street level for some of it.
They were both staring at him now, Hill appraising and Sharon visibly disturbed, when footsteps sounded behind him.
Hank winced. He actually seemed to get smaller, though she knew that was only an illusion. Standing in the same room with him, only a few feet away, she would be able to feel it if he actually used the Pym particles in his body to change size.
Steve had taught her how to fight, had been the first person other than Pietro to care about her opinion enough to ask her what
Of course he would. And then he'd go from working at only partial capacity to being an active liability for Steve and the rest of the team, with no one but himself to blame. Tony stared at her for a long moment, trying to come up with an appropriate response, humiliatingly aware of Sharon and Hill standing
He wondered, on that first date to the museum, why it didn't feel strange to be 'on a date' with Steve, when they had been friends for years, and had belatedly realized that it was because they had been friends for years that it felt so natural. They had essentially been dating since they'd met.
second chance. Red Skull was dead, Doom and the Mandarin were defeated, the Registration Act was gone... they were supposed to have the rest of their lives together. What was he going to do if he got everything else in his life back but lost Tony?
"I thought it was cute." Steve set the bear down on top of a still-closed box and inspected the books he'd been packed with. A half-dozen paperback fantasy novels, one of which he vaguely remembered reading just before the SHRA had been passed; he'd never finished it. A book on twentieth century labor history that he'd bought just after he and Tony had started the New Avengers, and had never gotten around to reading. Then the yellowed edge of a battered paperback with warped, water-damaged pages caught his eye, and he reached for it automatically, already knowing what it had to be.
"Just because I look like a woman doesn't mean I'm going to let you treat me like one," Tony went on. "Come on, let me keep at least a little masculine pride."
Maybe he just suspected that nobody at SHIELD would be able to successfully shut Tony out for more than a few hours. It was just possible that Carl Santacruz could manage to lock him out for as long as a day – he'd been able to disrupt the Red Skull and the Mandarin's access to SHIELD's satellites, after all – but no digital system on the scale of SHIELD's could keep Tony out completely. Not these days.
Tony made an absent noise, then started to pace back and forth at the end of the bed, left hand rubbing at his temple.
Jarvis had an appreciation for storytelling, and for a mortal whose years numbered far fewer than Thor's, gave surprisingly wise advice.
"Too bad." Pepper cut him off ruthlessly. "He hasn't been in the office in four days. Bambi Arbogast is at her wits end. You know what happened the last time he disappeared. I know you're in there, Tony," she called, as the door swung open, "don't bother hiding."
None of the people in Oklahoma knew about Don Blake's connection with Thor, and none of the other Asgardians had ever really understood Thor's attachment to humans, even now, after spending time among them.
"You were dead." Even months later, it still hurt to say the words. "I needed to do damage control, to keep everyone else safe. If I hadn't stepped in, things would have been even worse."
Well, no, apologizing didn't undo the past, but, "Try it anyway," Steve suggested. "The way Thor sees it, an innocent man died at... not exactly his hands, but close enough that he feels dishonored by it. You know what that feels like. I've seen your face when reporters throw those questions about landmines and unexploded munitions at you."
Tony took a deep breath, forcing himself not to think about what it would like to walk into the ballroom of the Ritz Carlton on Steve's arm, to dance with him in public, to be able to pretend, just for an evening, that Steve felt the same way about Tony that Tony did about him.
Thor ground his teeth, trying to ignore the crawling sensation on the back of his neck and between his shoulder blades, the knowledge that were Loki physically present, she would be perfectly positioned to slide a knife through the gaps in his armor. "Some of them are capable of honor, which is more than anyone has ever been able to say of you." The words held the weight of truth. Captain America lived and breathed honor, and demanded it of all who fought beside him. Much as Thor had wished to deny it, even Tony and Hank did possess honor of a kind, though not by the same code as his own.
Nurse McCall ignored him, ducking around the exam curtain and calling out, "Don? Kel's busy. If you were serious about wanting to help out, you can come take care of this guy for me. He needs wound irrigation and stitches."
"It's written in your computer's appointment book, if you check," she said. "And I sent you an email."
And then Clint had left again, had taken the smiling lies she had fed him, that the thing-that-was-not-Agatha had told her to think, to say, at face value. Had left her alone again.
They landed on the bed hard, with Tony on top, and Steve spared a moment to be grateful that they had tested its structural integrity thoroughly. A less well-built piece of furniture wouldn't have taken kindly to having four hundred pounds abruptly dropped on top of it.
Steve groaned. "Damn it. I was hoping she'd stay Nick's problem." He turned to Ben, holding out a hand for the other man to shake. "Thank you for being understanding. Jarvis will see you out. We can finish the interview later."
"Have you seen Tony?" Steve's split lip was immaterial; he needed to find Tony, to deal with this, whatever it was, before it got any worse. "I need to talk to him."
Tony shrugged. "I knew the armor could handle it, and I needed to give the Falcon a chance to get into position behind him."
No. She took another deep breath and made herself focus on positive things. Steve was alive. Clint was alive. The superhuman population was not going to be rounded up and imprisoned. Chthon couldn't touch her anymore, as long as she was careful in using her powers. Some of the people she had hurt had been healed, when she'd broken the spell suppressing their X genes.
Jan watched him stride toward the door, resisting the impulse to rub at her temples. Steve clung fondly to the belief that he could make things turn out the way he wanted them to by sheer force of will. It was endearing, most of the time, but sometimes...
Thor walked away, taking care to make his footfalls soft, lest Hank and the Wasp hear them and come forth to try and speak to him. He would not hear the truth from Hank, not without forcing it out of him — the man had just admitted as much.
"Foster brother," Thor corrected. "We are not related by blood. Nor by affection, any longer; not since he first revealed his treacherous nature and became kinslayer and outcast."
Too many distractions, he decided. First Wanda's return, then that damn magazine article, not to mention the onslaught of disasters and petty supervillain attacks that had run them all ragged for weeks. Was Chthon doing it on purpose? Did he have that much influence yet, or was it just a side effect of how thin the barrier between dimensions had become inside St. Margaret's, the bad luck that followed Chthon seeping out and working in Doom's favor?
Steve shouted something, his voice angry and desperate, and Sin was still moving, how the hell was she still moving?
"I didn't expect your face to suddenly be between me and the robot," Hank said defensively, feeling his face heat. "Sorry." Clint's nose was the angry red of something that was going to start swelling soon, but it didn't look like it was bleeding, and Hank hadn't felt it crunch, so at least he hadn't broken it.
. Kicking Tony out of his own home was not something Steve was prepared to do, even if there had been the remotest chance that Jarvis would have actually let him.
"I can still feel it," Wanda said, frowning at the door. "It's fainter, but it's still there. The vault shielding doesn't block it."
Hank flinched, and looked away, suddenly seeming to find the computer screen he was standing next to utterly fascinating, and Tony winced inwardly. Ultron was not something to joke about with Hank.
For a moment, all he could do was stare at Tony. This wasn't an empty apology; Steve had heard those from Tony before and knew what they sounded like. Tony honestly believed that all of the disasters that had befallen the Avengers were somehow his fault.
"Let me."  Thor crouched down next to him, hefted Mjolnir, and gave a firm tap to the side of the armor's shoulder-piece — could you call it a 'pauldron' on something as futuristic as Tony's armor?
Considering the number of women he had dated, slept with, and then moved on from - and Jan, moving in the same social circles, had heard stories long before she ever experienced his talents in bed for herself, some of them accompanied by satisfied smirks, and some full of justified outrage at being abandoned mid-date because of 'company emergencies' that Jan suspected had involved a pressing need to don armor and jet boots - it could hardly have happened to a more deserving member of the Avengers.
