He gets a nod but the kid doesn’t move, so Dean leaves first. It doesn’t feel good but at the same time, he really doesn’t want to crowd the kid. Hearing
Dean freezes in the middle of spinning Charlie around and fumbles for his phone, his throat suddenly tight. He stares at the screen for a moment, at Cas's name there, and then realizes Charlie’s looking at him, worry clear on her face.
So instead of taking it for what it is, he pushes back in, cradles his face, and presses another kiss, insistent and desperate, against his lips. There's a content sigh, Cas’s hands finding their way to his thighs while his chest arches up into him. Dean folds himself over him, not letting up and pinning him to the backrest.
The lady at the post office had assured him that sending it over a week beforehand was plenty of time.
There's some more murmured conversation that Dean can't quite make out and then the front door clicks shut. While he doesn't stop cleaning, he straightens up a little. Anticipation mostly but also just because he feels more alert again, like all the energy that the evening zapped from him, is slowly but surely returning.
For a split second Dean considers telling Cas that he wants to marry him while they are standing at the security check, not yet in line but close by because time’s ticking. The idea of giving him that promise along onto the flight, back to Boston, and as company for their empty apartment sounds nice. It would certainly lessen the distance and yet make it even more unbearable.
He spent most of the day in a slight panic that came and went whenever he was busy enough to actually forget for a hot second that Cas would be here today. And that they'd be seeing each other face to face today for the first time since that phone call and that they would be within touching distance - and that he'd be allowed to touch this time. Technically. A nagging voice at the back of his head keeps reminding him that they won't be alone and that he really doesn't want everybody else to catch on within seconds. That he needs to act normal and keep his shit together.
It sucks but now he’s here and there’s not much he can change. But it’s also really not helping with his nerves. And every moment it takes before he can hear movement from inside, makes them scream at him, how bad of an idea this is and how he shouldn’t rock the boat. How, even with the letter burning a hole into his jacket right next to that stupid chocolate bar Cas bought him yesterday, this will go horribly wrong and Cas won’t believe a single word he has to say.
From where he’s sitting he can see most of the space and he watches Cas move in it with no hesitation. Like he’s at home —
“Kind of forgot about the whole thing. I'm sure I can swing something though. Bobby won't mind me coming in late if my work gets done.” With a quirk of his lips he continues, “Being the boss' family sure does have its perks.”
He considers it for a minute. There aren't many options this close to Christmas. "Last minute gift shopping?"
"Cas, I...," he trails off not sure where his sentence was supposed to go. He could, if he wanted to, say exactly what's on his mind. But the words stick to his throat, the thought of this being just a good-natured joke weighing them down. Maybe he should have thought this through before blindly calling. Before being rash and hasty and not smart about this. "I appreciate that you're on your way to becoming a pie specialist just for me."
When Cas is done, has finally placed the last plate in the cabinet, he drops the towel onto the counter and turns, leans back against it, and meets his eyes.
“You could say that,” Jo muses and at any other time, Dean would kick her under the table. Or stick his tongue out at her. Right now he stands up and walks around the table until he’s between their chairs. He feels stupid with what he just learned but he’s got enough left in him to throw his arms around them both and hug them.
“Well, at full pay and with some of my vacation days, yes. But we talked and they were understanding enough to keep me on board at half pay as long as I do what I can from here.” The lie slips off his lips easily. Too easy, if he’s being honest. But it at least sounds genuine and will fit in with every other aspect of the newest version of his life.
None of that had changed when he’d moved out, started living with roommates in the dorms, then Benny off-campus and in the end with Cas. They all handed over most of the responsibilities of keeping common areas clean and in order all too willingly. Dean knows they were probably happy to not have to deal with it, happy to not have to live up to his standards of cleanliness. But they also never bothered much with making his job easy. He’d given them hell for it regularly but it was accompanied by good-natured teasing on both sides. He’s certain some of his former roommates actually picked up a thing or two from him after a while. The only exception being Cas, who only got worse the longer they shared their living space. Not worse in the sense of not helping but rather in the way of creating clutter on every surface available to him.
Dean should've seen it coming though. And maybe he did in some way. But he didn't do a damn thing about it and now he's the one paying for it. Now he's the one who won't find any comfort in his own home — no, definitely not his apparently — and has to be on edge the whole time he's with Cas, lest he be the one to cause the real possibility of his father going beyond words. He knows he can, he knows he will.
Dean swallows, not sure what to say. So he picks up the rolling pin, flattening out the dough, burning a hole into it with his eyes. And Cas doesn't say anything either. The silence becomes heavy with unsaid words and an uncomfortable tension that's not supposed to be there. Not like this. Never this pregnant with everything, a potential to ruin things, to make things better, to get it all out in the open. Usually, there's just one-sided pining for him and a none the wiser Cas. That tweet, that application, are in both their heads, very much present, very much distracting. He really should tell him.
His father looks back at him, his hand resting on the banister of the staircase. “What? Your old man isn't allowed to pat your back anymore?”
“I guess, yeah.” Their idea doesn't sound like the worst. It's certainly better than texting it which he had considered for a hot minute as well but then burrowed along with the urge to punch something a few days ago. It hadn't just been a bad idea but it had also been a horrible day and yeah no they are right. He wants this to be good. He wants to give Cas something nice and not just all this fighting and anger that isn’t even Cas's fault. He wants Cas to know that he loves him even when he’s being an idiot. Even when they’re both being idiots.
He gives himself a minute, carefully massages his shoulder and upper arm against the strain while he listens to his father move around the kitchen, the familiar sound of glass being set onto a counter, a drink being poured. Then Dean forces himself up, goes back upstairs and packs his things, and is so incredibly grateful that most of his belongings are still in Boston, still with Cas. Because it means he doesn’t have to leave anything behind. It means he doesn’t have to come back here any time soon.
After two episodes, Cas excuses himself to the bathroom and Dean uses the moment to check his phone. He’s got a text from Bobby, letting him know that he doesn’t have to come into work tomorrow, and a few from Sam detailing how everything’s still good and that the hospital asked for a few things — documents, clothes — that they need. And while Dean has no desire to go back there tomorrow, he offers to take care of it anyway because he knows he got the time while Sam surely has more important shit to do. It’ll suck but if he couldn’t be there for Sam today, he can at least do this much. He shoots another text off to Ellen, letting her know about what happened and that he’ll still come in tomorrow afternoon if nobody else can cover his shift.
“What about Sam?” he asks and tips his head towards Cas, watches him touch the Impala’s steering wheel with a reverence Dean knows he taught him during their first road trip to Lawrence. The first time he let him drive her because it was the best option back then. Just as it is right now. It doesn’t feel like much has changed and at the same time, everything’s different. “You drove him here.”
, she had said and it was clear she was talking about his father. As if he couldn’t have made it to the hospital by himself. He did it on Thursday just fine.
but his heart’s not in it. For one he’s really fucking tired and it’s only gotten worse the further the day has progressed. Turns out sleep doesn’t come easy when every fiber of your being spends the whole night waiting for your phone to ring —
"Could you-" His voice cracks, dies off but Dean twists the bottle cap off without question, while his spine tingles with something he can't stand, doesn't want right now -
Touching is hasn't caught on, except for swapping it from one replacement car to another. But there are days when he's just overcome with the need to have it close by, to sit down on the edge of the trunk, right next to it. And it's not like they actually were like that often - just with each other, no need for immediate action, no tension. Just peaceful silence. But simply the general idea, the feeling of it, gives him comfort.
Hell, wasn’t he dead set on telling Cas about still being in love with him tonight anyway? So what difference would this additional confession make if he can be at least sure that Cas can’t possibly hate him more than he already does. Or did. Dean surely has no idea what Cas's stand on their relationship is. Or what he’s feeling about all their recent friendly conversations and flirtations. He started at least half of them but old habits die hard and if he’s stuck here working he’s surely just glad to see a familiar face that won’t be turned away by his sense of humor or inability to keep his opinions to himself. Someone he can just be himself with.
“It's fine. Should've known better than to jerk off while he was still up. It's not like he can't climb stairs if he wants to. Even with a busted foot.”
She’s leaning forward now, hands flat on the table and a strand of hair dangling dangerously close to one of the candles. He reaches out to pull it away from her automatically, while she says, “Again, why are you here?”
Dean's breath catches in his chest. Living here. Of course, that’s what him suddenly being around so much feels like to Oliver. Fuck, he’s going to be so sad, when he leaves again. Dean thinks back to his earlier question about him staying and wonders if he meant it in this way as well. It makes his heart thud painfully in his chest because what is he even supposed to say to this? 'No, and I'll be leaving soon again as well.'?
"It's not the sleeping," Dean mumbles. The drag of his fingers over Cas' back slow and steady. "You're afraid of the dreams."
“Be quiet,” Dean mumbles, chides himself for even going there while he opens the fridge and pulls out both a beer and last night's leftovers. He ignores how empty the fridge already is again and instead grabs a clean fork and takes the cold food with him to the couch. He turns on the TV — again, priorities when deciding on what he needed for moving out and what he could do without for a while — switches the channel a few times before he leaves it on another Dr. Sexy rerun.
“Not you.” Sam makes a face. “I mean. Sure. Just, you know, seems like a bit more than a good mood to me. You look-” He breaks off, presses his lips together. He makes a vague gesture, trying to say it without saying it. When Dean just continues staring at him, Sam folds like a house of cards. “You look like you do when you’re crushing on someone. Hard.”
Dean exes his whiskey and can't decide if Cas is an absolute fool or just foolishly brave. More importantly though he can't decide if he's worried or turned on by the sheer audacity Cas has to say words like that to his father when he clearly heard what he'd said to Dean minutes before. It’s exactly why he tries to keep them from being alone.
“Think I heard about that. Seriously though, if I have one nightmare about black holes and being disintegrated you’re going to pay.”
Dean rubs a hand over his face and wishes punching himself was a viable option right now. He says, “That came out wrong,” then realizes how bad that sounds and adds, “It’s true though.”
Dean blinks, feels his heart squeeze painfully. The confession is sitting on his tongue again, three words dangerously close to being spilled and it feels right but it’s not his place anymore. It’s hard to look away and he has to force his eyes back to the road. They’re only one street off from his apartment building. His voice is shaky when he speaks. “Turn right there and then it’s the second building on the left side. There’s designated parking in front of it.“
It takes a second too long for it to click but when it does Dean can’t help but laugh. “For fucks sake, Cas, I'm paying rent. Like you do when you rent an apartment.”
“Cas.” It’s astonishing how his voice manages to crack that heavily on a single syllable, how he feels like it splits him open and he can barely see Cas turning towards him again, through the tears that are there so suddenly that it rips a sob from his throat.
The girls stare at him, silence settling over them until Charlie says, very obviously confused, “My squire?”
"Right. I muted that a while ago." Dean feels a nervous laugh bubble out of him. And then they are just staring at each other. He steps closer on autopilot, doesn't quite invade Cas's personal space but comes oh so close to it. Tantalizing almost. Cas doesn't budge just blinks at him.
“Sure you can.” She’s rolling her eyes again but she seems at least a little relieved. Which is good because he really doesn’t want to deal with this. “Just don’t say we didn’t warn you when you end up moping at a table by yourself all night.”
“What kind?” He’s ready for the attention to not be on him anymore and he’s glad that Cas isn’t pushing either.
An hour later Dean’s standing in line at the post office and dilly-dallying on his phone, a stack of letters safely tucked underneath his arm. He should have expected that when Bobby said errands, he really meant errands and not anything that would be fun in any way. The list — sitting in the back pocket of his jeans — barely counts as a list with its three separate points. There are the letters, of course, then there’s getting some basic groceries for the garage kitchen — coffee, creamer, and some snacks mostly and he’s tempted to throw in some fruit just to get on Bobby’s nerves — and then there’s returning some books to the library. All things that should be quick and easy. All things that should be safe and with no chance of running into Cas. Well, the library would be a possibility if it wasn’t the public one. But that’s not a bad thing. It’s not like he wants to run into Cas again. Once was bad enough.
God, they're having their first squabble as a couple before they are even officially together. And he's not even actually mad. But just excited. And very much in love.
Cas makes a pleased noise and Dean feels a shiver run down his spine. He closes his eyes, grip on his phone tightening. His voice is quiet, barely a whisper, when he asks, “Did you mean it?”
Yeah, no, Dean really doesn’t care about the heartbreak part right now. He has to bite down on the smile trying to take over his face, ducks his head to hide it and to get his composure back a little. But even then he can’t quite keep it off his face. Fuck he missed him. When he looks back up, Cas is still staring at him.
Dean takes a deep breath and starts in the kitchen. The easiest, most mindless thing first, if just to get a rhythm going.
“Well, you should do it soon then.” She plucks the rag back from his motionless hands and moves down the bar to serve another customer.
“Uncle Cas said you can’t swing. Is that true?” Oliver is staring up at him with wide eyes and he looks so damn upset by the mere thought of it, that Dean has to bite back a laugh.
“Alright.” Dean can hear Cas walk back into the living room and takes that as his cue that it’s safe to change out of his jeans as well. Safe. As if he would’ve cared much if Cas had come inside. But again crossing lines and boundaries and all that shit.
Sam [11:15 PM]: He agreed to bring some of dad’s things to the hospital tomorrow. I didn’t want to talk him out of it but you know.
Dean full on knocks into the hood, with how hastily he scrambles upright. There's the immediate sting of tears in his eyes and he makes a choked off noise. His face feels on fire all of a sudden and he knows he looks like a deer caught in the headlights. He can't even bring himself to lie and deny it.
Suddenly everything makes so much sense again and Dean’s going to fucking cry. All the things not adding up — saying no but not breaking up, most importantly — do now and clearly,
The silence hangs heavy between them. Then his father says, “You know, it’s nice seeing you put up a bit more of a fight again.”
“Don’t Dean me. You invited him for dinner first.” The judgment in his voice is so loud that Dean’s certain even Oliver upstairs in his room heard it. He’d regret it but he feels a little off-kilter right now. He just really thought he wasn’t broadcasting his own stupidity all over the place. He can judge himself just fine for what he’s doing. He has no interest in listening to others do it for him just yet. He’ll take that after the inevitable heartbreak he’s setting himself up for. “I thought we had a deal.”
The door falls shut behind Dean and the only thing that greets him is the echoing silence of his apartment.
Still, it had left him with a sour taste in his mouth and dread settling in his stomach. Like he’d done something wrong. Like he’d betrayed his own values or something. Which he didn’t.
- and Dean moves his hand, firmly but oh so gently tugs Cas' hand away from his throat and pulls it to his chest, right over his heart. He hopes it's not hammering as much as his ears are rushing. "Think you can focus on my breathing?"
And maybe he laughs a little too much at something that isn’t even funny. But at least he’s still grinning when he reaches the end of the small parking space in front of the garage and crosses the street towards the pickup truck. The driver is hunched forward, head turned towards the window on the driver’s side and resting against the steering wheel and his hands in his lap. He looks like he’s dozing or passed out and that’s exactly why Dean does not look twice and instead immediately raps his knuckles against the passenger seat window. “Everything okay?”
Warnings: John having another stroke, mentions of the moment when John hurt Dean, just a lot of emotions really
“In private.” He nods, more to himself than them, because even saying that part feels right, makes him feel better about keeping quiet about it at the airport. “Probably over the phone if things continue like they're right now.”
There are fingers in Dean’s hair, carding through it and a familiar, steady presence underneath his cheek. Something soft is tucked around his upper body and it envelopes him in a pleasant warmth. The voices in the background drown on and he fades in and out, catching phrases of strings of conversations that are loud and boisterous until they aren't anymore.
When Dean finishes with his part, he steps back, scrubs down the counters, too aware of how he has to move around Cas to reach every part. So he keeps it short and quick and instead pulls himself up onto the kitchen island, watches Cas.
“You know, I didn’t understand it in March. I had no idea what changed, what made you break up with me.” He pauses, frowns. “Maybe that’s not completely true. I had a working theory.”
"Neat collection." Garth grins, eyebrows wriggling in this way he has and Dean feels his own face slip before he can catch himself. What did he ever do for Bobby to do this to him?
Oliver rubs his eyes, wiping his nose with his sleeve but shakes his head no. He’s still crying and it tugs at Dean’s heart in the worst way, making his own eyes water.
“No. Not really. Just” -with a deep breath Dean turns toward him, finds nothing but concern and love on Cas's face- “I need you to like not be mad at me for this.”
That his mind inadvertently trips down stairs it shouldn't even get close to anymore, is a problem he'll deal with whenever he feels ready. Barry the grain pillow is his only judge anyway.
At some point, he also considered that maybe the past days had been just a continuous fever dream and that it would all come crashing down right about the time when they laid eyes on each other and Cas would not show any reaction at all. And he'd be left looking like an idiot.
Not because of the cars Dean has to take care of but because he can't quite focus and it's messing with him and whenever he's left alone with his thoughts for too long, there's suddenly a smile on his face and he just wants to not be here anymore.
Dean opens his eyes and finds Cas staring at him, eyes wide and watery and so fucking blue even in this meager light. And it's not fair that he gets to look like this,
“It was another stroke,” Dean mumbles around a bite. He still has no idea if he’s right but it’s what his gut instinct is telling him, it’s the only thing that makes sense. He swallows. The chocolate tastes too bland, sticks to his teeth. He continues eating anyway if only to please Cas.
"Of course I did, I just-" he breaks off and Dean knows for certain the face he's making. It's the one that always graces his features whenever he figures out Dean's jokes too late, whenever he just misses the point and tries explaining something that shouldn't be explained. The one where he tilts his face, brows furrowed and mouth slightly open. Dean loves that face. "Oh."
It stares back at him in stark white letters on the black background of his feed. It looks garish and weird and in a sudden bout of vulnerability he hastily closes the app and turns off his phone.
“I’m sorry.” Cas looks away then back at him. He furrows his brows. “I haven’t eaten today. I was kind of preoccupied.”
Dean turns back towards his father, takes him in. Every other day he’d appreciate how very healthy he’s looking again. How the walking boot is gone, how his face seems to move just like before and doesn’t look as gaunt anymore, how his stance is strong again and not that of a frail old man. He doesn’t look like somebody who needs help anymore. He doesn’t look like he needs him anymore and maybe that’s what makes Dean not think twice.
Sam's "Just wondering." leaves him an opening to respond, to ask why exactly he's wondering here and what about. To continue this conversation, to talk about this - him. Dean doesn't take it though and neither does Sam.
And okay maybe he deserves the obvious sarcasm and anger that drips from the words but it doesn’t make it sting any less. “Yeah, I did. And I’d appreciate it if you’d give me a minute to explain myself.”
There's an angry huff. Dean’s pretty sure it’s accompanied by an eye-roll. “Stop sending me money. I don’t need it.”
Instead, Dean’s the best solution to a problem that can be fixed with patience and work. And his father’s not the only one he’s helping this way. After all, there’s a reason why he was the obvious choice when his father balked at letting a stranger into his home to take care of him and turned to his family instead because
And then Dean’s sitting there, mouth open and staring at them like he didn't just bare his deepest secret to them. Though it’s not really a secret. He just never said it out loud before. Certainly didn’t think he’d say it today of all days. A foot hits his shin and he flinches, blinks. The girls are still looking at him, wide-eyed but now both smiling. They look a little insane. He feels a little insane. All that comes out of his mouth is, “I really do.”
Dean’s pretty sure he did. Loudly and in front of both of them. He didn’t even bother trying it the first night, taking some leftovers into the living room instead. It didn’t really register as that unusual in his head because his father had been complaining about most of the food he’d been cocking. Sure he’d previously eaten them without hesitation despite complaining, so Dean had simply assumed there really was a part of it he didn’t like this time.
Dean blinks, straightens up a little, and swallows down the urge to immediately snap at him. Even if it surely would be within his rights. But he can be civil, he’s not the asshole in this situation. He settles on asking, “Something wrong?”
“Sounds good.” His father nods once and then he’s actually right there in Dean’s space, squeezing his shoulder and stepping past him to continue his way downstairs.
It’d be fine because he’s due for another crying session — everything’s been too okay, too detached from him the past two weeks — and today has been building up to a breakdown spectacularly. He’s earned it.
A muscle in his father’s jaw jumps with how hard he’s clenching it but Dean holds his gaze, stares back with all the pent-up anger of the past months suddenly right there, bubbling directly under the surface. He could punch him. His father literally complimented him on keeping that option open a minute ago. God, it would be so satisfying to give in to it. But it also would put him on the same level as him and there’s a voice in his head saying
He doesn’t wait for her response, just makes his way to the door as quickly as possible, accepting the call before he’s even fully made it to the door.
Twenty minutes later — here he thought he could pick out his sizes blindfolded but turns out he can’t — he’s stepping out of the dressing room for the first time. He tugs at the cuffs of the shirt, does a little twirl for the sake of the girls who show their appreciation by clapping a bit too loudly (Charlie) and whistling at him (Jo). Then he actually takes a look at himself in the mirror because he might as well.
Technically both types of connections are on totally different ends of the spectrum — professional and familial — but somehow they both still make Dean feel like he cheated at something. Like he got things without deserving them. Like he’s taking advantage of other people. When he brought it up with Charlie and then Bobby respectively they kept telling him that he didn’t need to worry about it, that everything was fine, that they were glad to have him around. Hell, they didn’t even make him go into detail about why he needed a place to stay. He knows they came to their own conclusions though. Especially Bobby. Because the guy
“And playing on the swings is like flying, right?” Oliver says and then his whole face lights up. “Oh! You should let Uncle Cas push you! He’s really good at it and then you don’t have to feel scared because he knows you don’t like being high up and won’t push you too much!”
Well, not drunk, drunk. But heavily buzzed and floaty in all the right ways. He's moved from the living room to his bed a while ago - he's getting too old to spend whole nights on his crappy sofa. His drink is sitting mostly untouched on the nightstand because he's been too busy laughing his way through his Twitter timeline - only filled with high-quality tweets, mind you, and fuck, he still needs to figure out how to be this fucking hilarious in so little characters - and it's just the best.
He stuffs his phone into the pocket of his jeans and hurries down the stairs. His father is in the living room, sitting in his armchair and staring him down over a glass that is definitely not filled with juice or water as it should be. “What happened?”
make Dean lower his eyes to the ground. He won’t take care of his father again. He said as much and he knows it’s what’s best for him, maybe even his father. But at the same time, it worries him. He’s not convinced that his father will cave easily, will take on professional help this time, and that comes with the fear of him refusing any help and increasing the risk of something happening again. Not even something big, just anything really. He remembers the whole thing with the broken foot, remembers how that was just a second of inattentiveness and with a fairly well-going recovery and how it set him back. This won’t be like that, he knows it and he’s scared that he’ll be the one losing something or someone again.
"Fucking years," Dean hisses to himself and only when he's back working, head again under the hood of some car - what was he even supposed to fix here? - and Bobby grumbling about how he liked him better last week when he obviously wasn't in love and such an idiot, does he realize how stupid this is. And the laugh burst out of him.
Something in Cas's features softens, makes him look younger, makes him look fond and Dean’s heart skips a beat. Cas gestures towards the empty swing next to him. “Sit?”
“I don’t want to cut this short but I have to go. My dad...” He trails off, knowing he doesn't need to explain but wishing he could find words to say it anyway.
In all of the excitement, he just forgot. He's proving to be the worst boyfriend he could be before they're even calling it that. And he can't leave work early today because Bobby was already kind enough to let him have tomorrow off so he can finish preparations for the potluck. And while Dean might be dumb some days, he's not dumb enough to go last-minute Christmas shopping on Christmas Eve of all days. Not that he has even the slightest idea what he should give to Cas. He kind of really doesn't want to buy anything at all if he's honest. But what else could he do?
“Yeah, whatever,” Dean says and mouths Bobby’s word with an eye roll, while he leaves the kitchen. Bobby’s responding, “I saw that!” falls on flat ears, and sure maybe Dean’s more amused by this than he should be.
Between breakfast being the most tedious affair of keeping both his father and Cas from broaching any problematic subject, and lunch being boisterous and loud with Sam, Eileen, and Oliver around, Dean's kind of glad that nap time means everything goes quiet for at least an hour before the rest of the family arrives for an even bigger Christmas dinner.
- or at least made sure he'd take some of the fake credit cards and not just disappear. But he didn't. So Cas is fucking homeless and it might as well be single-handedly his fault. "Get back in the car."
Dean’s ready, fully prepared for Cas to be gone when he leaves the bathroom — he knows he would’ve been. Instead, Cas is standing at the kitchen sink doing the fucking dishes like nothing happened — fucking saint that man — and Dean forgets for a minute or two that things are not okay anymore while he watches him.
When he’s back at the stairs, he waits, listens to more steps from the kitchen to the living room and the TV being turned on, before he darts back down, grabs both his jacket and shoes in passing, and then the door falls shut behind him and he’s out.
“I don’t want to make things more difficult. But I don't like him acting like you owe him something when he barely treats you decently.”
No, nothing like it because now, now he's the same in body and feeling if not in mind and the reaction he's getting is not just stimulation but the complete deal, the whole this is new once more thing - not that new and blood flicker through his mind and his teeth catch, drawing a soft groan.
. It really hits him then that Cas meant what he said last night, that Dean’s not just giving in to wishful thinking but that he actually still cares. And god if he still cares as much now, how must he have felt last year when Dean told him he’d be going back to Lawrence to live with his father? When all Cas could do was call and get by on Dean’s words and Dean couldn’t even give him that at all times? It hurts to just think about and while he thought that he was all cried out, oh he was so wrong because the tears well up just as harshly as before.
Dean doesn't get a response and for a few seconds, he considers calling him right then and there. But he takes a moment to breathe, reminds himself how that went last night and that he should just listen to other people sometimes. Whatever it is, he'll get it out of him. Even if this is Cas or rather especially because of this being Cas. He can deal with being anxious about this for a few more hours.
from Sam that makes something loosen in Dean’s chest, makes him sink back further into the hard plastic of the backrest. He won’t be here by himself much longer and things are going to be okay. Maybe not today or tomorrow but they will be. Dean closes his eyes, breathes, and waits.
“Don’t jump off,” Cas says, seemingly catching onto the urgent need Dean feels to be back on the ground again. But it’s only the warning, “The ground’s frozen,” he tacks on that makes Dean actually let the swing come to a slow stop by itself. Hurting himself and having to go to the hospital really isn’t in his plans.
“Dean, dance with me.” Charlie tugs at his arm, already pulling him away from the group. He laughs, follows anyway even if he’s not as big on dancing as she is. He’s here to have fun, so he shouldn’t be a downer. Except they’ve barely danced their way through a whole song when he can feel the buzzing of his phone against his thigh once more and it’s not just a text notification. It’s a call.
With a sigh, he drops his keys onto the rickety side table in the tiny hallway, shrugs his jacket off, and leaves it on top as well. He can practically feel it wobble underneath the added weight and swears to himself that he’ll fix the too-short leg as soon as he can. Maybe after he figures out a way to get the living room window unstuck though. Priorities and all that. He really should make himself a to-do list. And a list of things he could still use. Like a coat rack. Or just some damn hooks on a door. His shoes find their place next to the door where another pair is already standing.
“It’s Garth’s bachelor party. He’s getting married on Saturday. But I don’t even know half the people here.”
His hands are already undoing all his hard work on the car seat to give the kid more space to move. Except Oliver stays in his seat by choice, tears running down his cheeks now and a loud sob escaping his throat and Dean feels like the biggest asshole in the world for accidentally headbutting him. Just because he said Cas's name — he takes note of the fact that it’s still
Oliver keeps crying — expected — but doesn't respond to him at all — less expected. He kind of was hoping for more anger because he could deal with that. But the fact that he’s just sitting there bawling like he’s the one who got his heart broken — hell maybe he actually did as well — makes Dean flounder. It really has been a hot minute since Sam was this young and Dean even had to actively think about what could and couldn't be considered a smart parenting choice. Not that he has to — make parenting choices that is. Oliver isn't his responsibility in that way, no matter how much he's around, but that doesn't make him want to make the right choice less. Quite the opposite actually.
But what he most certainly does do is make sure that the topic of Cas doesn’t get brought back up for the rest of the afternoon.
Maybe it's because he's been on cloud nine since Christmas because now the thought of marrying Cas is a steady undercurrent in his head and everything reminds him of the possibilities of a future together. Their future together.
Which is exactly what leads him to take advantage of another one of his connections. Just one hand washing the other.
“Well, I’m gonna be back in twenty minutes. Don’t burn anything down.” Bobby’s steps disappear into the surrounding noise of the garage, music fading in and out behind the clanking of tools and short conversations. The air hums with the heat, crickets chirping somewhere and Dean can feel the sweat drip down his face. He blinks to keep it out of his eyes.
Dean’s last conscious thought for a while is that it would have made no sense for Cas to make a big deal out of this in the first place. After all, the only thing he’s doing is indulging Dean.
Before Dean can unpack that or even think of answering, there’s a loud, “Dean Winchester!” being yelled.
“Had some water earlier. Last thing I ate was-” He breaks off, feels the bile rise in his throat again — he thought it, he can’t undo that thought and it sits there at the back of his mind still — and forces himself to swallow it down, to breathe through it. “I threw up earlier, so I guess last night’s dinner.”
The notice that Beekeeper Cas (adorned by a flower and a bee because Cas could for the love of God not be talked out of it) has sent him a DM, taunts him and he can see that there's a link in the preview but it takes all the courage he has to open the message and click on it.
, Dean catches him all too easily, draws him in until Cas' forehead is tucked up against his neck. He leaves enough space, makes sure not to crowd him, while he rests there but can't stop himself from pressing his nose - his lips - into his mess of hair.
After a second Cas shakes his head and squints at him, mouth turned into a disapproving frown. "Well then be a good boy and keep it in your pants for one night. Might even make it better."
Forcing himself up and away from Cas's neck is difficult and through the tears clouding his vision still, he fumbles his way into a kiss, into holding his face between his hands. He tries to pour everything he has into it and it's wet and there's snot but Cas is still smiling and maybe it's not so bad that Dean wants to give him everything he can and not let him leave again.
He realizes that he’s just staring at Cas, when he raises an eyebrow, clearly waiting for some form of words — a greeting most likely — from him. And sure yeah, Dean can do that.
A laugh bursts out of him without him being able to do anything against it and then he's full-belly laughing, hiding his face in his hands and eyes tearing up. He feels giddy with the pure excitement of having said it for the first damn time. It feels good, it feels right. Fuck he's so gone on Cas. And drunk. He's really drunk. Both on love and alcohol.
“You made her hack your professor's email account so that he wouldn't see you accidentally attached porn instead of your essay.”
The kid’s, “With raisins?” makes him want to reconsider his offer for a split second — sometimes the kid reminds him a little too much of Sam. But right now he’d happily offer to make Sam's too dry vegan cookies just so that he’ll have something to do with his hands. Something to focus on other than his thoughts.
And really a fraction of time here and there for his own enjoyment is better than nothing at all. So he’s going to make the most of it.
The only thing that gets him through the day and cleaning the whole damn house in preparation for the 24th is the high that hits him whenever he thinks about Cas saying, "I love you." It's a novelty and he can't wait to see him, to hear it directly said to him, not through phone, not implied through written words. But just directly face to face. Maybe even a kiss or two? Hell, he's on cloud nine and he won't for a second pretend he isn't.
“What?” Cas's voice is low, scratchy in the way it only gets when he's just woken up. Oh, what Dean would give to be next to him right now, have it directed at himself in the grumbly
Cas [10:17 PM]: Will you pick up if I call you again? You don’t have to say anything if you don’t want to.
“Okay,” he takes a steadying breath and nods his head. He’s still sitting on the floor where they were peacefully looking through books a few minutes ago. Until Oliver had asked if they could call Cas for a story. Until Dean had to make good on his promise to Sam and own up to their new reality. “Totally get that one, buddy. But it's not nice to say that.”
“It’s Charlie’s. She drove us to the wedding.” He keeps his voice as steady as he can but there’s a breathiness to it that’s utterly ridiculous.
Cas, in all his sense of humanity, settles on top of him, right on his lap and replaces his ability to think with every inch his body presses closer, heavy puffs of air meeting the skin of his neck and cheek, stubble scratching along with it. It's not long before the overwhelming urge to touch, more and closer, makes Dean arch up into him. His hands reach, find not just Cas' body but one of his hands, tip him off-balance and force the air out of both of them with his full weight pressing them down. There are noises, gasps and whines, he's not sure from whom, and a nose nudging at his face. He turns into it, their lips catching and sticking and the burning brush of tongues.
Nearly close enough that Dean doesn’t want to push — just three days left — considers letting this pass. But he doesn’t like it in the least and he needs to do something. His hand slips further up Cas's neck, thumb brushing over stubble that's far past five o'clock, while he leans in. It’s a short kiss, more of a peck than anything else and when he leans back Cas is still just looking at him.
“Dean.” It’s all Cas says in response but it’s enough. Because Dean knows that tone, knows the way Cas's voice goes soft and warm, and sounds like Dean’s words matter to him. Dean hates it, even if his heart warms from it, even if he can feel it settle underneath his skin.
“I can't leave Sam to deal with this. If he's stuck with this, if he has to use his free time for this he'll-” He pauses, swallows. “I can't let him bring Oliver around because nothing else works. I don't want Oliver to see what he can do, could do to him, how he is when he's drunk. He shouldn't experience it first hand and Sam shouldn't have to explain why our father hurts people he's supposed to love. He's four. He's just a kid.” A kid. Just like he'd been before he'd just stopped, wasn't allowed to anymore. “Maybe they'd be fine for a while, maybe dad can keep it together. But I know he'll slip up. And I can't risk it, Cas, I can't.”
His father nods and turns back to the TV. He picks up the remote and unmutes it and the sudden loud sound startles Dean enough to make him flinch into the reality of what the fuck just happened. He walks away before he can do anything stupid. Like yell or punch his father or leave the house completely and never come back.
“I’m good.” There are steps, heavy and almost dragging along the floor and Dean swallows down any question on how he’s doing today. The crutches are never a valid indicator in the mornings, lingering sleep making his father feel more off-balance than he tends to later in the day. It’s how he hurt himself in the first place — foot catching on a corner and early morning hours — so while there’s a general worry about mornings now, the crutches shouldn’t make it more pronounced. “Are you getting groceries later?”
"Maybe I am." Dean is quickly finding, that seeing Cas's expression slipping into something not so put together, is becoming his favorite new thing. He smirks.
He takes his time changing back into his own clothes — the girls seemed satisfied enough and he’s hoping he’s off the hook now — and gives himself a moment to actually look. He really does look good. Better than he has in a while if he does say so himself. His arms are more defined and his stomach sits a little flatter than it used to, even if he forces it out as far as it can go. Apparently doing actual physical work and not just office stuff is doing him some good after years of, well not much at all in that department. It’s not a real workout or god forbid the running Sam praises so highly but at least it’s something — and he’s earning money at the same time which is just another bonus.
“Don't be ridiculous.” It comes out with more bite than intended and he breathes in sharply, pressing a fist to his forehead. Idiot. He’s such an idiot. “I really need to check on him.”
Somewhere in the room, a clock continues ticking and Dean forces his breath to follow along. His blood is rushing in his ears nonetheless, heart painfully thudding against his ribs. The words are out and he can't take them back again. He wants to. God he really, really wants to. But for what? So that he can pretend? So that he can avoid it again?
Dean [5:37 PM]: Well, you see, there was this very nice woman that asked me for a favor a while back.
Dean feels his throat dry up at the image it conjures up in his mind. He clear his throat, tries to not sound too excited over the idea of falling asleep to Cas's voice. "You want us to brush our teeth together over the phone? Sounds kind of lame if you ask me, man."
“I'm visiting during winter break,” is what Cas greets him with when Dean answers the call. And before he can even think of a reply, Cas already adds, “Don't bother. The tickets are bought and I'm going to throw out your whole Led Zeppelin collection if you even think about having Charlie return them.”
So when the sweat has cooled enough to become uncomfortable and his heart rate is back to normal, he gets up. He tugs on socks and a sweater before he leaves his room for the bathroom. Ten minutes later he’s standing at the bottom of the stairs, staring down the hallway. He hesitates for a moment longer before he does it anyway. He makes his way towards the last door on the left. It’s closed as usual but it’s easy enough to open it a few inches without making a sound. He’s gotten good at that one as well.
“Right, sorry.” Dean sighs and rubs a hand over his eyes. The momentary adrenaline of seeing Cas's name on his phone had been enough to get him jumpstarted. But maybe he still should have gotten coffee first. It would have meant more time to spiral into a mess of reasons why he’d call but it would have also meant time to prepare himself. Time to figure out how he’s supposed to or allowed to act here. “Would you please explain to me what I apparently did wrong without my knowledge?”
“You’re drunk dialing me. Awesome.” He can’t help but laugh, can hear Cas chuckling as well. At least he doesn’t have to worry about doing it himself then. Because if there ever was a night where the risk was greater than today, he’d be surprised. “But you didn’t plan on talking about space, right?”
Cas sighs, deep and heavy, like he's finally letting go of a breath he's been holding for months, and says, “Yeah. I missed you, too.”
“Doesn't matter. It was stupid.” It wasn’t stupid. It really, really wasn’t but admitting it out loud would mean admitting that he’s worried he’s going to fuck this up worse. He takes another sip of his drink. “I shouldn't be mad at him for ignoring me sometimes. I know he doesn’t do it on purpose.”
Dean blinks, stares blankly at the ceiling and despite the fact that he basically just got yelled at, he can't stop the warmth spreading in his body, the smile tugging at his lips. Fuck, he missed his voice. Him as well. He doesn't say any of that though. Because really what good would it do? Instead, he says, “Slow down, buddy. I have no idea what you're talking about.”
He's sure that if he really wanted to, if he tried just a little, he could find someone, could work at having this with someone. Even if just partially.
He pushes Garth hand back, lets go of him. He feels too hot all of a sudden, reaches up to tug at his collar. "Just don't touch that. As a matter of fact don't touch anything."
There's another one of those looks from his brother and Dean is so close to just standing up and leaving. He just wanted Sam in on this so that he didn't have to worry and could just keep focusing on Oliver and Eileen and acing college. Nothing in his plans said, be told off by your little brother for doing what you should be doing. Nothing in his plans said, talking about Cas's thoughts on this.
Dean wipes some of the tears away while he moves his hand to Oliver's chin, gently brushes his fingers along it. Nothing feels wrong and the only wetness on his fingers are the kid’s tears. He assumes it’s just the shock that brought them on. But just to be safe he asks, “Can you say ahh and stick out your tongue?”
“We took his car and he assured me that he’d ask Eileen to come here if need be.” Cas glances over, wets his lips. “Letting you leave by yourself didn’t seem like a good idea to me. To us.”
Once his initial laughter subsides - because this has to be a joke, right? - he cries. He's halfway through this stupid, actual application with an idea and actual thought put into it, when he's just overwhelmed by the feeling of missing Cas. And god it hasn't even been two weeks since they last saw each other, hell they talked on the phone last week even. But he just misses having him around, having somebody that humours him and his random bouts of excitement about movies and cowboys and Miracle being finally able to give paw. He just misses him so damn much that he has to breathe for a second before he can continue.
He’s suddenly fully aware again of where they are — Charlie’s place — how they shouldn’t be alone because there was a party going on a hot minute ago and how he apparently fell asleep in the middle of it. And sure he’s more than tipsy, has drunk more tonight than he has in weeks — possibly months even — and his constant state of exhaustion probably didn’t help either. So being buzzed and comfortable and tucked against Cas's side on the ratty couch in Charlie’s living room, surrounded by friends and so much positive energy just lulled him in far too quickly and everybody apparently just
Being there, watching him kill the demons, having him look like him but at the same time not at all is uncanny. He's not the same. Why would he be. He'd been gone, missing, dead. And he doesn't remember.
Cas picks up on the second ring and his voice trips over itself with the apparent need to have his words hanging between them. “I don't need your charity!”
By the time he feels steady enough to deal with the reality of the situation again — deal with the fact of what he just thought, if only for a second — his phone has notified him of two more calls and a few texts. When he gets it out of his pocket, still sitting on the floor of the bathroom stall, he finds all calls to be from Bobby because of course, he should have been at work by now, probably, he has no sense of time anymore. The texts are from Sam, asking if he got too drunk to remember how to get to work and oh god he has to break the news to Sam.
He nods again, ducks his head a little, and appears almost sheepish. “I think there are a few things we should work on before. Like not jumping to conclusions and communicating better.”
He feels too hot all of a sudden and rubs a hand over the back of his neck. When he looks back up, he catches Cas staring at him in a way that feels like a little too much for everything they aren’t.
The clink of a glass being set down on the bar in front of him draws his attention back in. He shoots Jo a smile that quickly drops when he has his first taste. He glowers at her. “Water. Really?”
And then Dean just caves, throws his arms around Cas's shoulders to pull him into an awkward side hug that does nothing but at the same time is everything. Cas stops what he's doing then, places his hands on Dean's arm and turns his head towards him. They're close – noses barely brushing, breath mingling between them – and it'd be the easiest thing to just close the gap. Dean can't keep his eyes from flicking down to Cas's lips and oh. That is a smile he's never seen directed at him. It tugs at something deep inside him and makes him swallow hard.
His exclamation startles Miracle, who jumps from the bed in a flurry and then looks at him, all confusion and puppy-dog eyes.
“You don’t have to do that,” Dean says and presses his hand to the wall to stop himself from stepping closer. “I can finish it up in the morning.”
. By the time Dean had finally been home, he’d already snuck two glasses of Whiskey during his shift at the Roadhouse and by the time Charlie had shown up, he’d already downed another and was pouring his forth. He’d been set on getting drunk to some extent because of what a day it had been and he deserved five minutes of forgetting. Then there was also the fact that he knew they’d talk about it and that he’d end up crying at some point and he really just wanted the excuse to claim any possible blubbering on the alcohol.
It’s ten in the morning and Dean would give everything to not be stuck at the garage right now. Surprisingly though, it’s not because of the fact that he can hear his father talking to a customer on the other side of the garage. Hiding away in the office is nice and all but in reality Dean should feel comfortable to be wherever the hell he wants to be no matter what his father is doing. It’s his right or something and he’s working on it. Which is the exact reason why he’s working on a car despite his father being here.
He’s maybe a little embarrassed at how everything in him snaps to attention at the harsh tone of Cas's voice but what the hell. He swallows and then meets Cas's eyes again. “I fucked up, Cas.”
“Well, you need a suit, for one.” Charlie steers them into a store — the first of many probably. She clearly has given this a lot of thought. “And you do give honest feedback.”
“Oh.” His breath comes back to him and he unearths himself from the blanket, the air suddenly too stuffy and hot underneath.
“A letter I wrote. To you.” Dean shoves his now empty hands into the pockets of his jacket, anything to stop them from shaking. Anything to stop them from reaching for Cas. “I sent it to you in February.”
Okay, maybe he forgot about it for a few days there with all the walking on eggshells and trying to avoid his father he’s been doing. But it’s caught up to him again and he can feel his stomach fluttering with nerves at the mere thought and he can't think clearly, thoughts always straying back to Cas and what he will say.
“I know you needed a place to get back onto your feet but I’m sure it’d do you some good to not have your life revolve around someone else’s schedule for once. Be a kid, be selfish and live by your own damn rules.” Bobby reaches for the newspaper and pulls it towards himself. He flips through it a little until he lands on the section for the advertisements. He pushes it back towards Dean. “Just think about it. There’s no rush.”
“I know that.” Cas eyes narrow. If Dean didn’t know better, he’d be worried. But if there’s one thing he knows it’s cars and he knows that Cas knows that. So really, this is just Cas being embarrassed and acting like he isn’t. Which to be fair, Dean gets that. It’s not like he didn’t consider running yesterday. Though he, you know, actually saw Cas and wasn’t just playing chicken with a possibility. That Dean spent the better part of the last three hours torn between wanting to run into him again and not wanting to see him, doesn’t matter.
"Then let's start with talking about this face to face. On the 24th?" Dean can hear the smile, the happiness so clearly in his voice and it makes him want to be there, see it on his face. He wants to see that blinding smile and how he flushes, when they talk about a new version of them, a boyfriend version. One that gets to touch unashamedly and openly, one that actually gets to kiss, and oh.
Dean feels the tension in him rise while Cas reads it and when he looks back up there's something on his face that Dean can't quite place. Something new and exciting. He steps closer, right up into his space and right up against him, until he can feel the warmth radiating off him seep through the fabric of his jeans.
I saw your tweet tonight and found myself to be a good fit for the position. As you know from numerous conversations, I am able to provide both the boy and friend part.
Cas who moves a little out of the way when a woman passes by him and who looks up and spots Dean exactly the second that Dean realizes he should run because he’s staring, heart beating a mile a minute and hands sweaty where they are clutching the handle of the cart. But his feet won’t move and it’s too late now anyway and watching Cas blink, mouth slightly open in surprise, feels like a fever dream.
“She’s not wrong, you know,” Jo says and she’s grinning, looking at Charlie like she’s the best thing in the world, and right, that’s a thing now. “You don’t just forget the last five years of your life in a few months.”
Instead, Dean says, “In fact, I’d beg him to take me back. Hell, I’d say yes in a heartbeat if he even so much as hinted at wanting me,” and landing a blow with his words has to be enough. He can’t help but smile a little because it’s not even a lie. It’s stupid, he knows, but so damn true. “How does that make you feel, huh?”
Dean lets him go, even if his stomach flips unpleasantly at being left by himself again. He tracks Cas the same way he tracked Sam earlier, watches how he moves to one of the hallways, and then notices the vending machine there. His heart flutters and he feels pressure build behind his eyes and it’s so dumb to get upset about Cas buying him a stupid candy bar but it’s just- Cas cares. He cares enough to be here, to want to help him feel better and Dean loves him so much.
“Alright. I'm going to go to the kitchen. You just do you. Whatever you want, it’s fine as long as you don't get into trouble. And if you need anything, you can ask, okay?”
He squints up at Cas, sees his grin, and tries finding the apparent humor in this. He gets distracted by the way his eyes sparkle. He’s certain he could look into them forever but he’s also quite certain he’s a little drunk on more than just sleep. “You're sleeping beauty.”
“Thank you.” Dean closes the door behind him as quietly as he can, doesn't want to disturb Oliver from his sleep again. It was difficult enough to get him to settle down today with him keyed up about his birthday already despite it still being a few days off. It's the only reason why he even decided to go the unfair route of enlisting Cas's help. It's the only reason why he reached out.
"How about you go say hello to the others, Jack? I'm sure they are looking forward to seeing you again." Cas sounds strangled and the smile on his face is polite but forced. His cheeks practically as red as the garish Christmas sweater Dean is wearing of his own free will.
But he doesn’t have to figure it out right now. This is definitely a problem he can poke for a bit before actually touching it. In theory, he can let this rest for as long as he’s willing to pay the rent and won’t need the money elsewhere. For as long as it takes him to get some form of control over his emotions, push down enough of them to be normal about seeing Cas again. But in reality, Cas's patience will run out sooner or later — because even if he’s a stubborn asshole, he has a breaking point — and Dean will be forced to make his move without enough time to prepare.
“See you tomorrow, Oliver,” she says, then focuses back on Dean. She gives him a smile that’s a little more than friendly and a tad bit too obvious. “Hoping to see you around as well, Dean.”
"Oh don't be like that, you love me." The words slip out, all teasing fun but then Dean realizes what he said. He freezes, his breath catching in his chest. Normally this would have been fine, said in jest during their usual banter. But tonight, in the darkness of his bedroom, last night's talk, and the application still hanging over them, it feels like teetering on the edge of too much, too soon, too close to their hearts. He opens his mouth, tries to apologize, and say he didn't mean to say it like that but Cas beats him to it.
“Well fuck you, too,” Dean spits and ends the call. He wants to pick up the phone again immediately, call Cas back and apologize — he's being unfair but he's not wrong — there's just no way he should continue this conversation right now. Because no matter what further words his slightly oxygen-deprived brain would produce, it would come out wrong and wouldn’t be what Cas wants to hear.
She looks at him a moment longer than pulls out the chair next to him and sits down. Her smile turns encouraging and she tilts her head. “Wanna talk about it?”
His father’s gruff, “No,” ends any attempt at conversation — one that Dean doesn’t even want to have — and while he looks back down, flips another page of his magazine, Dean scowls at him.
He gave up more than half a year of his life for this. He lost a job he didn’t love but at least liked and that paid well enough. He gave up the last five months of his relationship with Cas. He gave up any chance at fixing things with Cas before it was too late. And he’s getting nothing back in return, none of those things, and certainly not any gratitude from his father. Not even in the form of him taking care of himself. Dean never expected anything but he’d thought that he’d at least could stop worrying. His father may have been on his shitlist — or you know at the top of it by a wide margin — for most of his life but he’s still his father. And fuck everything that happened
“I don’t-” He lifts his gaze hesitantly to meet Bobby’s again. He finds nothing but warmth in it. So instead of blocking off, he asks, “Why are we talking about this if you don’t want to kick me out?”
Dean smiles, he can’t help it, and with the hand not holding his phone he tugs her against his chest, hugs her, and presses a kiss to the side of her head just because. She’s warm and he could probably stay in this hug for a while. Maybe he is more than just tipsy anymore. Maybe he should have taken his jacket outside. It’s getting too cold to be outside without one. “You’re sweet. But everything’s fine.”
Dean turns into the next aisle, plucks a bottle of each ketchup and relish from the shelf, and then focuses his attention back towards where he’s pushing the cart and comes to a sudden stop. Because right there at the other end of the aisle standing in front of the salad dressings, holding two different ones and frowning down at them, is Cas.
. It shouldn’t feel so odd but it does and for the life of him, Dean can’t figure out why him and his father getting along feels so odd. Or maybe it’s rather that he doesn’t get why his father doesn’t seem to insist on taking him down a peg.
and really, Dean’s in no state to even touch that one, so he lets it slip right out of his fingers again.
He’s on the good side of tipsy, mindful of the fact that yes he’s allowed to come in late tomorrow but he still has to get his ass to work — who came up with the whole bachelor party during the week anyway? But he’s not just drunk on alcohol. There’s still the warm fuzzy feeling that flares up whenever his phone signals a new text. But it’s been joined by a much heavier warmth that makes his heart skip a beat and his stomach flutter. The one that rises to the surface whenever he thinks too long about the fact that Cas kept him in the acknowledgments of his dissertation. Dean saw the submission date, it was after their break-up, so Cas made the actual
A few minutes later Dean’s arms are empty again and Cas has disappeared out of sight, past the security and out of Dean's reach.
"You should. I don't dese-" Dean's voice catches on a groan when he shifts and there's suddenly pressure against where he's achingly hard. His thoughts leave him for a second too long and he's lost.
“Don’t.” It comes out too harsh but he really doesn’t want to know whatever is going on in Cas's head, doesn’t want to know that he’d have appreciated it but that it wouldn’t have made the difference in the long run. “What’s done is done. Not like we can change it.”
Oliver zips his lips, eyes alight with the fun of a secret. He continues talking a second later, “Why?”
He reaches for a rag and cleans his hands before he sneaks off to the office area to just take five minutes to himself. Just to not panic in front of other people he tells himself. And to send a message to Cas.
Cas shakes his head and maneuvers him into a chair before returning to Dean's task of placing the groceries in their proper places. It takes him longer than it would've taken Dean, opening and closing cupboards without any plan of where things belong but just the thought of opening his mouth again, makes Dean's stomach turn.
“It's no problem,” Cas says and Dean pauses in the middle of the hallway, pressing his eyes shut. Of course, it isn't a problem. This was about Oliver, not him. Why should it be a problem? He already wishes he hadn't called, the familiar throb of a headache forming behind his eyes. He’s exhausted and all he wants to do is sleep.
“Yes,” Cas says and then the small distance between them is suddenly gone and Cas is brushing his lips against Dean’s. It’s gentle, barely there, but Dean knows he makes a noise somewhere in the back of his throat, hand letting go of Cas's swing to clutch onto Cas's shoulder. It’s apparently all the permission Cas needs to lean in again and then they are kissing, actually properly kissing around swing set chains on a playground in the middle of the night. One where Dean never spent a day as a kid but now can safely say is one of his favorite places. It’s not what he’s been dreaming of since seeing Cas at the grocery store but it’s so much better. When they part, they don’t go far, even if Dean can feel Cas's arm shaking slightly where his own is pressed against it. Into the small space between them, Cas says, “I really do.”
Dean lifts his eyes from where he's sorting through the weapons in the duffle bag laying in the trunk, putting them back into their place from where some tumbled out when he'd hurriedly grabbed what he needed earlier. He's just not used to this car and set up.
“Him being upset wouldn’t have been nothing,” Dean says and it comes out with too much bite, too much misdirected anger. He looks back at Cas, finds him staring back already.
Either way, Cas seems to have no problem today with giving Dean nightmares for the foreseeable future — space is undeniably pretty but even more so horrifying, okay? He doesn’t make the rules but he also doesn't need the details. Apparently, Cas doesn't care because as an answer to his request to change the topic, Cas sends him a long text about how one would die if one would fall into a black hole. Dean thinks it's fair that he decides to ignore him after that.
Cas rolls his eyes as if he already said every word necessary — maybe he did while Dean’s mind was elsewhere. “I was looking for a garage. A woman sent me here but she didn’t tell me the name of the place. Otherwise, I would have driven elsewhere.”
He deserves the kick to his shin for that but it doesn't make him feel any less embarrassed about the startled sound escaping his mouth and echoing through the too quiet restaurant. But what's it in the long run if it makes both of them dissolve into a fit of laughter.
Dean swallows, reads the words over again. He's pretty certain he could recite them by heart if he tried. He's also pretty certain Jo and Charlie were wrong and that this is a horrible, truly awful idea. But it's still the best idea he's got right now. And he needs to do this now.
He can’t say it. It feels dumb but just voicing it would make it that much more real. As if sitting on the floor of a hospital bathroom stall, the aftertaste of vomit in his mouth makes it any less real. As if manhandling his father into the car was any less real. As if seeing his too slack face was any less real.
Cas turns and shrugs his shoulders. His lips wrap around the, “Me, too,” in a way that makes Dean want to throw himself to his knees right there and make things right, makes him want to spill every thought, every wish he's had the past weeks. Because Cas should know, he deserves to know.
Dean doesn’t bother looking up from his phone. There’s an unanswered message sitting in his notifications, has been since this morning, and it’s taunting him. He should answer. He just doesn’t know what to say. He doesn’t know why there’s still a conversation happening at all. “A month since what?”
“But if it’d been all I had to offer right now, you’d take it.” Cas raises his eyebrows at him, daring him to object, while he picks up Dean’s glass. “Is more water okay?”
Maybe he can’t say what he wants to but he forces out, “I’m leaving in March.” Because that is his win in all of this. He won’t stay here in this house forever. There’ll be a point when all he does is visit again, always a set point for departure upon arrival. A point where he’ll once again do what he wants whenever he wants and his father won’t be able to stop him.
Dean's stomach turns, dread clogging up his throat. He presses his lips more forcefully against Cas' hairline, doesn't care, not a single bit. It's dark, it's just them and the room is drenched in heavy sweat and emotions. He whispers, "I'm here. You're safe." into it, not sure who he's reassuring.
Dean’s tired. He just wanted to turn in early after an exhausting day and the grain pillow is a nearly daily habit now. One that certainly won’t hurt him — or anyone else for that matter — and shouldn’t be an issue. But apparently, it’s enough for his father to judge him.
“Promise?” Cas looks at him then, face as blank as it can be when there are still tears running down his cheeks. His eyes shine with desperation but there are no expectations, nothing that makes it seem like Dean has to answer him.
He's quite certain there will actually and it eases his mind a little, makes it easier to focus back on work and get it done. Though admittedly the question of what to give Cas still never quite leaves his mind.
He shuts it down before it can catch. After all, the phone call just now certainly taught him that it’ll only lead to more pain. And really. He should know better. Cas said no to a life with him. There’s no coming back from that.
“Be quiet or I'll tell you how my flight was. Including turbulence.” Despite his words sending an unpleasant shiver down Dean’s back, there's no real threat to them. After so long without hearing his voice in person, always the slightly tinny sound of speakers there, Dean would gladly listen to anything if it came from his mouth.
Dean [8:40 PM]: Not from you necessarily. Just, you know, from my friends. Or brother. Take your pick.
In the end, though it always comes down to both of them only scraping at the top of what should be said and it shows. But for now they deal with it and — fingers crossed — they won’t have to for much longer.
He can’t help the laugh that bursts from his chest. It feels warm and good and makes the tears spill over. He ducks his head to rub his eyes.
He gives himself a minute to wallow in self-pity, wracking his brain hard to maybe just maybe find something in his head. It just has to be something Cas mentioned at some point that he'd like to do or where he'd want to go. He can magic something out of that information. He always does.
Dean thought he’d gotten past that part or was at least angry enough to not continue to be so stupidly in love to want that, want him still. Apparently, he’d only been pushing it around in front of himself though, and never dealt with it.
When he joins Sam at their replacement car – it's an ugly thing – and places the trench coat in the trunk with maybe a little too much care, he's met with raised eyebrows.
And when Castiel glances over, his expression even more sober than usual, Dean has to press his lips together hard. Because for a split second there, he feels the hot pressure of tears behind his eyes. He swallows it down.
Cas shrugs his shoulders, doesn't turn around. But there is pain, pain, pain screaming from every fiber of his being. "It's warm and dry. Everybody thinks I like to come in early."
“That was once,” Dean says, feels the heat crawl up his back. He remembers that the promise of sex was involved in Cas's coercion quite clearly. His body seems to remember as well and maybe sex would convince him to get to space. Zero gravity surely would make it interesting. He needs to focus. “But I did that for Oliver. Not you.”
With a groan, Dean drops his forehead to the steering wheel. His cheeks burn. “He walked in on me jerking off a few weeks ago. Had my headphones in and didn't hear him.”
He’s out the door by nine and only has to double back one flight of stairs because he forgot to take the spare key to his father’s house. He kept that when he moved out. Not out of a sense of responsibility — okay maybe a little — but more so because it meant if he needed things from his father’s place — unlikely but as today shows apparently not
“Because,” Dean flounders. It's not like he'll get in any real trouble. Sure, he may not be the biggest fan of all the healthy crap his brother loves but Dean gets it now. But the kid’s four. And it's a meal or two a week, so sue him if he’s having a hard time saying no to him. “Because he'll get scared that you like me better than him.”
“Right.” Dean has to swallow down more of the annoying fondness that sticks to his throat and wants to spill out with every second that passes, with every bit of normal conversation between them. Instead, he returns Cas's smile. “Then get her on the lot and pop the hood. I’ll meet you in five.”
They’ve been driving for a few minutes only interrupted by Dean giving directions every now and then when the silence hanging between them becomes too much. So he says, “Is it okay for you to ditch work like this?” If only so that he can distract himself.
Logically he knows that it wouldn’t help in the least and would be the dumbest thing he’s ever done. It’d be the first time they’d see each other since Christmas and the first time since they broke up as well and fuck. Dean’s not sure if he could stop himself from begging if presented with the option. He’s also not sure he wouldn’t be stupid enough to at least try to get one last night out of Cas. Be it through picking one more fight or just genuine conversation.
It’s a stupid excuse because it’s not true — he forgot stealing it from Cas but he didn’t forget it belonging to him in the first place — but it seems to be enough because Cas nods, all earnest and understanding, like this isn’t a show of how stupidly attached Dean still is to him. He’s sure there’s an unwritten rule book on break-ups and keeping your ex’s old clothes is definitely not allowed. He’s also pretty sure Cas has no care for said rule book and he’s proven right when Cas says, “It’s alright. I figured I missorted a few things while packing your boxes.”
Dean places the last bag of coffee back in the cupboard, then opens and closes the door a few times. When nothing comes tumbling towards him, he closes it one last time with a satisfied noise. He turns back to Bobby, who’s watching him, eyebrows raised. “Sure.”
Cas, who knows him. Who told him that he loves how much he cares about his family. So what if he doesn't quite get why Dean's still putting up with his father? He's still supporting him through it. And he knows that Dean misses his brother, his family, and friends all the damn time. He knows that visiting two or three times a year is fine but will never be enough. Hell, he probably already suspects that Dean won't stay in Boston forever, never even planned to. Maybe it's why he's been so quick to fight about the whole thing. Maybe Cas is actually worried about being left behind by him.
He's fumbling around, shifting through the trunk of the Impala. He was checking for something yes, but while the motions feel familiar and everything is right where it should be, he's lost track of his movements long ago. Knives, guns, materials for spells and summons, books. All right where they should be. And then there on the left, something not quite at home yet in the trunk of Baby. It's blinding despite fitting in with its surroundings, the dark muddy patches making it look just like any other unsaveable piece of fabric they had to ditch before. And yet...
as well but he can’t deal with that as well right now — as if he hasn’t heard it before. Jesus, he needs to get a grip. Eileen will absolutely kill him if he managed to knock the kid’s teeth out or something.
His voice is muffled by the rolled-up windows and he seems to realize it himself a second later because he makes to reach over to lower it. Except he gets trapped by the seat belt, jolting back and Dean has to press his lips together to keep from laughing while his heart tries to strangle itself with the fondness rising in his chest.
Tonight the whole process seems like too much work though, even if he’s literally supposed to do nothing but breathe, even if more sleep would be the smarter choice.
Charlie [8:01 AM]: I saw your face every waking hour for a while there and I would’ve let you stay even longer.
"True. Just...I'm going to leave you in my bedroom. Don't need you to listen to me pee." Dean gets up and stretches, lets Cas laugh wash over him. His sofa is comfortable but his bed, while short one specific person according to his imagination, will be much more comfortable.
Dinner itself is a relatively quiet affair and then after the kid gets an hour of TV time before bedtime and Dean doesn't even pretend to not want to cuddle with Oliver on the couch instead of cleaning up after dinner. Not that there’s much to do in the first place. But he'll pick a few kicks and uncomfortably sharp elbows over more work any day and he knows that neither Eileen nor Sam mind if he bends their usual rule — clean up before fun — a little.
Because while they both knew what it was like to live with all their belongings stuck in a single bag, Cas had grown out of it in the most splendid way. There were barely any weeks that passed without him bringing home some new knick-knacks he’d gotten somewhere — a gift from someone, stuff left on the streets, something he found on craigslist for free. Some of them he kept, scattered them around the apartment in a way that certainly created more mess than Dean wanted to deal with but at the same time made the whole place feel homier and lived in by the second. He learned to appreciate them by seeing how Cas valued things as simple as a bird feather, how those things made him smile fondly.
His father furrows his brow, mouth tugging down — dangerously so but not yet a scowl or full-blown anger. “You’ve got a problem with it?”
The air outside is cold and dewy, clinging to his clothes and making him burrow deeper into the collar of his coat. It's just dawning and most people are still tucked away in their homes, warding themselves against the cold. At some point Dean snaps a picture of the fog swallowing up the lake, to post it to his timeline.
“When was the last time you went and did something for yourself? And we’re talking big here. Not just going to the movies or sleeping in. Like big as in moving across the country.”
Around noon they make a pit stop at the food court for lunch before Charlie once more seems to have a clear goal in mind and takes the lead. Except this time they end up in a store geared to men’s wear. He freezes just for a second when they are suddenly surrounded by too much black, only intercepted by white dress shirts and the odd colorful tie here and there. It makes his stomach turn.
When he steps back into the living room after a quick trip to the bathroom and now dressed in sweatpants and a sweater, Cas is back on the couch, one leg tucked underneath him while the other foot remains planted on the ground. He’s got the remote in his hand and his eyes are fixed on the TV, absorbed by whatever is on and is that-
Dean barely makes it into one of the stalls of the men’s room at the other end of the waiting area before he’s throwing up his breakfast.
Cas shrugs his shoulders. When their eyes meet there's an almost indifferent expression on his face. The only thing that betrays his calm is a slightly raised eyebrow. “I haven't made my decision just yet.”
He's completely awake in a second, trying to stare his phone into starting up quicker but still, he has to lie there and wait. Wait until he can punch in his password - wrong the first two tries, correct on the third - and then it basically explodes, spews at least twenty new notifications at him, and right there at the top a name he's so familiar with that his heart lodges itself in his throat, makes it hard to swallow and think.
So he turns and slams the trunk lid closed, the spot where the trench coat used to sit, pleasantly empty again.
But Dean’s not that lucky today, probably used up all his good luck during the past week and all his conversations with Cas. Because when he pulls onto the street leading to the house he can already see his father’s truck sitting in the driveway. He considers driving past, just continuing on to the garage and coming back later, but the sight tugs at something in him, makes his stomach twist up. He pulls into the driveway behind it. Maybe he’s just going into work late as well or he has the day off. There are multiple explanations for him being home. None of which have to mean something’s wrong.
After a moment Cas gently tugs on his hand, brings him back to the seat he’d been in. Dean goes without complaint, settles back into the chair, and feels Cas's knee press into his leg when he sits next to him. It’s a familiar warmth. It’s grounding. Dean keeps his eyes on Sam’s back, even if he can barely make him out now. “I don’t know how he did it last time. Sitting here and waiting. He didn’t even call me before he knew something.”
Because apparently he’s been doing a damn fine job of pretending to be getting over Cas and had in fact done none of the getting over Cas whatsoever. He really should have known.
It’s such a simple answer, yet it’s loaded and there’s so much that hangs in the silence that follows it. Hope mostly, Dean’s heart as well. This has to mean something, right?
The whole house is a little more lived-in now that his father is not just bound to mostly staying downstairs anymore. Despite that upstairs is still mostly Dean’s space. For whatever reason, his father seems to be fine with keeping his bedroom on the first floor and Dean would care more about it if it didn’t come with the added privacy. But it also means his father won’t lift a finger up here — not that he does much cleaning downstairs either. Or maybe Dean is just too impatient to wait him out.
It's worded like a suggestion but it's clearly not and Dean moves before he can even consider not to, as if he isn't an adult by all measures that count and could leave and never come back, but as if he's a kid and this is his only choice. His father doesn't step out of the way, just slightly back. Far enough that Dean can squeeze past him without touching but still be in his father's personal space. Still be in reach.
He settles on a channel playing Scooby-Doo reruns — mindless, fun entertainment and no real brain power required — and finally reaches for his own food. They don’t continue their conversation while they eat, the TV the only noise besides quiet huffs of laughter every now and then and the clink of cutlery against the plates.
He can feel himself shrink in on himself, can feel the way his hands are shaking where they're still clutching onto the pillow. He fumbles his own steps, bumps into the door jamb and he pauses, looks back at his father.
He waves her off, adds a bit more sugar to his drink. He wonders how many more times he has to come here until she’s got his preferred ratio of sweet to bitter just perfect. Probably not many. She’s got a knack for remembering the details. “We’re not really meant for each other.” “Just because you’re not meant for each other, doesn’t mean you don’t need each other.”
Alcohol usually makes it worse. Drags his mood further and makes him into an even more obnoxious version of himself. But then it also makes the feeling go away for a while and makes falling asleep without his thoughts running in circles so, so much easier. He just has to get there first.
"Right here." He keeps his voice low, the dark and quiet of his surroundings seemingly expecting it of him.
Cas follows his instructions, takes a great deal of care when steering the Impala into its parking spot — another part that sold Dean on the place — but Dean keeps his eyes fixed on nothing because if he looks at him now for even a second, he’ll break. Do something stupid that he won’t be able to take back — like kissing him. He really doesn’t want to ruin this today of all days.
It’s probably his most distinct memory of being a child. Being surrounded by too many strangers, all dressed in black and making his surroundings appear that much darker than the gloomy sky and it being his mother’s funeral did on their own. He has no idea why that part, in particular, stuck with him as much but he also remembers throwing a fit when a few years later he’d been forced to sit through a church service, where there were too many suits around him. So whatever reason there had been, it clearly had freaked him out.
“I ran into him on campus, told him what happened.” Sam sounds apologetic but barely and if Dean were in his right mind right now he’d call him out on it. Instead, all he can do is stare at Cas like he’s seeing him for the first time after the break-up all over again. He didn’t realize how badly he wanted him here until he saw him. He didn’t realize it was even an option.
Thankfully he’s grown out of that particular phase but while he’s good with the whole suit thing out and about, suit sections in stores still make him feel a little out of sorts. But he’s here already and Charlie is beaming at something Jo’s pulled off a clothing rack and he might as well do them the favor. He got to judge them all morning already, he can let them take their pick at him. And really, he has no idea if his suit at home still fits so they are doing him a favor in some way.
— what he just did and he pushes up and away before he can even get the, “I’m so sorry,” fully out. He stares at Cas, eyes wide with panic.
“Right. Because that way you can worry about dad somewhere else and drive yourself even more crazy. Sounds great.”
Dean manages to keep it together until they’re stepping into his apartment, until Cas closes the door behind them and shuts out the rest of the world.
Bobby makes a noise that falls somewhere between a chuckle and disagreeing huff. “Yes, a brown pickup, kid.”
He’s already dreading going back home. Third-floor apartments with broken air conditioning apparently get quite hot during the day and stuffy during the night. If the temperatures would drop a little he would have already tried his hand at fixing the AC — he knows he can — but the heat is stifling and the promise of a cooler home is not enough to entice him. Just the idea of getting even sweatier after coming home from getting sweaty and covered in all sorts of things, makes him shudder. So for now he’ll just suffer through this heatwave. For the next one, he’ll be better prepared.
Though he’s mostly back to losing right now. Because the same way he spent a big deal of the years since he left Lawrence homesick — familysick? — he’s now missing Cas. Except it’s worse. Because not only is Dean not in the comfort of his own place where he can wallow in self-pity as he sees fit but Cas is the king of not answering messages and calls. Constantly busy with something and his head always somewhere else — on books, his doctorate, climate change, and bees, or even just Netflix — to keep track of what's going on just beyond his bubble. And if Dean’s not right there, being part of his bubble becomes difficult. Cas does his best though, which is all Dean can ask from him. But when you combine it with Dean being too good at shutting down when he's feeling things and is forced to talk about it in the limited time he has between both their schedules not always matching up and when he can't just take a whole week of random sentences and soft touches, to figure out why he's just constantly feeling the itch of frustration and anger underneath his skin, it just spells trouble. So it’s not their fault that most of their conversations end with one of them short with the other.
“You’re welcome.” She’s sniffling a little but her smile seems more genuine again. “But enough being mushy. You have like twenty minutes left to tell me about what you’ve been up to the past week. I want all the juicy details.” He checks his watch out of reflex and sure enough, she’s right. It sucks that this is his only real option to be able to hang out with his friends, squeezing in short meetups while his father is at his checkups or physical therapy. But he’s not quite comfortable yet with leaving him alone longer than necessary. There are just too many chances of something happening and Dean knows he’d regret not being there. It’s enough that he’s making exceptions for babysitting Oliver during afternoons or evenings already because well, it’s just easier than lugging the kid back and forth. That’s all.
Silence again. He feels his hands tighten on the steering wheel, feels the simple bundle of fabric reverberate in the trunk, in his head and body. He can practically smell the stale blood on it. And god no, this is not simple. Never simple with- with what exactly even?
This could get weird - well, weirder but Garth just grins, shrugs his shoulders and wanders off again. Leaves him standing there and only then does he realize how hard his breath comes. He's had enough of these moments, memories, to not be frazzled by them anymore. But this. This was different. This was somebody not respecting this...boundary he'd set. One everyone he's usually with knows - two people, just two because when does he ever usually spent more than a hot minute with people other than Sam and Bobby anymore.
Furthermore, I think my having stuck with you for years already is quite enough to qualify me for the position.
“Dude, you're running dry. You're literally bitching about Milton not being nice when she's barely even given you an actual compliment on your work before. So take a break. Forget about work for a second and do something just for you.”
He shrugs his shoulders, motions to his phone without showing her the screen. He knows for a fact that she wouldn’t let him leave if she saw who was calling. “I’ll be outside for a minute.”
“Cas. To Dean’s proposal.” Charlie looks at Jo, purses her lips. “The real one because he apparently didn’t get proposed to at all the first time.”
“Yes.” There’s rustling on Cas’s side. “I think my last glass of wine was one too many. It made typing rather difficult.”
“I know Boston gave you all those fancy little ideas about what's acceptable and I figured if I’d let you get it out of your system it wouldn’t become an issue in the long run. But it’s time to stop pretending and grow up, Dean.”
Dean knows he stopped breathing at some point during Cas's words. He’s also very aware of how much he’s blinking, trying his best to keep the tears down and some of his composure up. He presses his forehead against the chain of the swing, letting the cold metal distract him from the heat in his eyes. “Wow, okay. Well just to be clear that’s never been true. But why did you just roll with it? You didn't even try to stop me. Or make me see reason.”
Dean jerks back, feels his head knock into something and then he has a second of staring into Oliver’s startled face before the pain seems to set in for both of them, tears gathering in the kid’s wide brown eyes, his lip quivering.
“A brown one?” Dean turns back to the cupboard and clears out everything on the shelf to start over once more. He’s sure he can figure this out.
He knows his mouth is open when he looks back up at his father — shock mostly but also the hope that maybe he can get words out if he just tries. When he meets his father’s eyes though, all he can do is clam up. He doesn't want to give in but it’s like his body is operating on a different mindset than his brain, the bite of long-forgotten pain reminding him that the ice he’s treading on is impossibly thin.
And it's between kisses, wandering touches, and hushed sounds in the darkness, that Dean realizes it with all of the clarity that only late-night conversations and fatigue can bring.
There’s rustling on Cas's end. Then he clears his throat, sounds almost guilty when he says, “I wasn’t aware you were out with your friends.”
Shuffling, then the car door slams shut again. "Thank you," Cas says, voice nearly getting drowned out by the rumble of the Impala.
"And so can you if you want it." Dean moves before Cas can protest and then he's kneeling on the couch right next to him, grabbing his hands and squeezing them. "But what do you want, Cas?"
Taking Oliver to the playground wasn’t Dean’s smartest idea in the first place if only because it’s really fucking cold. But since they talked there’s been a constant itch under his skin to get Cas out of the house, get him away from his father so that he can shower him with all the love and attention he deserves without having to worry so much. So really, Dean did himself a favor when he asked Sam and Eileen if they’d be okay in handing Oliver over to them for the morning. Or so he thought.
And just like that the whole air between them becomes less emotionally charged again. Like they said their piece and that’s that, they can move on to lighter stuff, for now, forget about all the issues on the table and just pretend for a bit that it’s just another day. Hell, if he didn’t know better Dean would say Cas's tears were just brought on by cutting onions. If he didn’t know better he’d say his own were just because of being tired and hungry. It’d be hilarious and they’d laugh about it later. He can’t even stop himself from smiling at the thought because it surely would be ridiculous to look at. But it’d be nice. It’d be like old times.
The laughter gets stuck in his throat when instead of just unbuckling and trying again, Cas actually gets out of the car, slamming the door a little too harshly behind himself. He blinks at Dean across the hood, frown tugging at his lips. “Someone gave me directions. I didn’t know I’d end up here.”
“I believe you.” And now Cas looks away, expression incredibly sad but there’s guilt there too. His next words come out low and like a secret. “I can't say it back. I do but I can't- you hurt me and I know I'm to blame here, too, but that you believed I'd say no to you without explaining myself that's- Dean.” Cas's voice has taken on a desperate quality and Dean finally gives in to the tears, closes his eyes. “That makes this worse.”
"I miss you, too, you know." The words burst out of him in a rush, despite everything else settling heavily in his stomach. And they take all air with them and only when Cas says, "I'll be home for Christmas." a few beats later, does he breathe back in.
But that’s not something he can unpack here. So he says, “I’m sorry,” and leaves the three of them standing there.
He blinks again because now those are definitely tears in his eyes. He doesn’t remember when his own father last asked him what he wanted for breakfast and he feels dumb that such a simple question is sending him into tears.
And maybe it's because Dean doesn't want to ruin the hopes he has for the short time they have to be together.
“Don’t worry,” Dean says while he gets up. He yawns and stretches, dropping the blanket back onto the window seat before moving to the couch. The sight of the food and realizing that his whole apartment smells like it as well, makes his stomach finally announce its presence. He pats it gently. “Pretty sure I’d eat anything right now.”
Cas [4:49 PM]: The warmth of it should help you relax and it’s been treated with lavender which is known to help with sleep issues.
Dean holds his breath until his father actually makes a questioning noise, barely audible over the TV, and Cas continues, “It just means a lot to me that you care about Dean. Sometimes I wish my own family had taken me coming out more like you did. I mean, kicking out your child for simply loving someone, that's just cruel, isn't it?”
“It’s uhm-” he breaks off, has to swallow. The smile he forces onto his face feels off. “It’s a wedding invitation from an old high school friend. Garth. The wedding’s in October.”
Not the healthiest but counts as a vegetable. Dean closes the book, places it back onto the shelf. He’ll make more of an effort next time. He turns back to Oliver, who's found his way to the kitchen table and has climbed onto one of the chairs. “Only if you're not going to tell your dad, alright?”
Waking up to those things from Cas even less so because Dean has no fucking idea what the hell he could even want. They haven’t exchanged a single word since they broke up and Cas's last words had made it pretty clear again that he didn't want to talk to Dean again unless absolutely necessary.
It also means there's a reason to reach out again tomorrow, thanking and talking to each other. It keeps the feeling of not being alone during Christmas alive far longer. Something Dean always appreciates.
He smiles at her once more and then sets off back to the parking lot, Oliver still in his arms. “So, besides tag, what else did you do today?”
“I own this house.” His father levels him with an ice-cold stare that makes his muscles lock up. “Understood?”
Cas [4:51 PM]: Also it doesn’t get bothered by you wriggling around, so you can either go with relaxing or rolling around until you fall asleep.
He knows Cas will take enjoyment out of seeing it. Especially his appropriate use of emojis. And he's comfortable with this much. No one will probably question this. It's Twitter. He's posted weirder stuff.
“Why am I here?” It’s not the first time he’s asking but both of his previous inquiries have gone unanswered, Charlie just turning up the volume of the music blasting through her car — because they’d forced him into the passenger seat. No chance for him to escape that way, Jo had said with a grin and stuck her tongue out at him. Now though he’s trailing behind the two of them through the mall and if he really wanted to he could run. Even all the way back to his place if need be.
Not a question and Dean bites out, "You think?" without actually thinking. Yet his hands stay gentle, careful not to cause more pain. He tries again, "I spent forty years in hell," and then once more, "When you grow up with blood on your hands, these things happen."
“Not a single bit,” Dean says, turning back to the kid. There’s a tired edge to the way he’s clutching onto him and he’s starting to look ready to stop moving. They might as well start their way back. “Actually the only thing it did was make me hungry.”
With a sigh, he throws the comforter set and the sheet into his shopping cart and returns to his more personal shopping trip. Because if he’s already here, he might as well.
This time Cas does turn, frowning and head tilting. The tiny bit of confusion doesn't mask his hurt though. Dean bites his tongue to keep himself from apologizing. It would only make things worse right now. He'll make it up when he can. Cas will understand.
“Oh,” Dean says and realizes that it must be the reason why Cas looked the way he did last night. Exhausted and stressed and like the world’s resting on his shoulders. “What did you say to them?”
sits on Dean’s tongue but isn’t this exactly what he wanted earlier? To be close to Cas, to hold him, be held by him, just something beyond friendly touching? And won’t it be worth it in the end, if he can have another moment of pretense, can think of this as just another night at home where they bicker over bad TV choices and whatever else before one of them falls asleep and is woken up again to be ushered to bed? Just one night like they used to have and maybe tomorrow Dean can actually man up and be real with Cas about this, about what this,
“Dean Winchester, I swear to god if you don’t leave right now and fix this, I’m never talking to you again.”
— but they keep a conversation going throughout the weekend and somehow it's the best thing Dean has ever taken part in. It leaves him a little happier, a little softer, and ignoring the elephant in the room gets a whole lot easier when his brain is busy trying to figure out what counts as friendly texting and what doesn't. It’s actually surprisingly easy considering how huge that elephant called
Dean feels his heart get a little lighter when Sam hugs him back, except then he opens his eyes again and catches sight of who’s standing behind Sam and he feels it squeeze painfully. His breath catches in his throat. He untangles himself from Sam without even taking his eyes off of him. “Cas?”
Oliver complies and Dean smiles at him when there's no blood and everything is where it should be. He says, “Well, you don’t need a bandaid. But a hug maybe?”
“We don’t. But I’m not sure we included Cas in that deal.” He can hear the tinny sound of Cas laughing above his head, while he says, “Charlie, go back inside.”
Sam [10:12 PM]: Are you ever going to tell any of us why it's April and dad's better than ever but you're still here?
Dean could deny it, pretend he's got no idea what he's talking about but the last three days have shown him that he can't keep it contained anyway. So he might as well admit this much, "Well, it's nice to be happy."
“It wouldn’t feel right to give money to your competition,” Cas says, eyes too wide and fixed so intently on him, that Dean feels himself shiver.
The “Yes, sir,” slips from his lips like a reflex but it’s followed by a new wave of anger. Except it’s not so much directed at his father anymore, rather at himself. This hasn’t happened in years. There’ve been disagreements, there’ve been fights, there’ve been orders. But not once since he left for Boston has his father actually gotten up into Dean’s space like this and gotten a reaction. Because Dean knows better now, because he learned, because he thought he had that shit figured out when he didn’t flinch and back down when it came to the whole teen pregnancy debacle with Sam and then after. He thought he had it under control when he didn’t let his father assume his sexuality after bringing around Cas but actually took the chance to come out to him as bisexual.
Dean [5:57 PM]: You think it matters to me, let me know. If you don’t, keep it, chuck it, whatever you want to do.
"I'm okay." Cas' voice is rough, still fueled by panting breaths for the best reasons and it makes relief explode through Dean, wraps itself around his heart. He feels more vulnerable than he should while his body tightens and shatters apart soundlessly.
"Yes." It comes out way too petulant and from Cas's laugh he knows, he's convincing nobody. So what if he struggles buying gifts for Cas if they are for specific occasions? It's not his fault that he just has no impulse control and simply gives things to Cas whenever he sees or thinks about something that he's sure he'd like. Gifts are just a thing all year round for him. Why wait for Christmas or a birthday? The only downside is that he often draws a blank when he actually should be giving him presents. "I still have a few days left."
It's Cas that comes to wake him a little while later, the expression on his face is anything but the fond look he should have in Dean's opinion and followed by none of the kisses there should be either.
“No kidding,” Bobby says and rubs his chin. “Tell you what, kid. I’ve got some errands that need running. You up for that?”
"The roads were a little busy," Cas says offhandedly, while he hangs up his coat and Dean has to force his eyes away, has to stop himself from letting them linger on the way Cas's button-up hugs his arms oh so nicely. There's laughter from the living room.
“Me, too.” Dean closes his eyes, feels the cold stone of the wall press into his back, grounding him. “I just wish I-”
Dean [8:07 AM]: Those two weeks were long enough to make me feel like something’s staring at me at all times.
It's raw and claws at something deep down inside of Dean. He moves without realizing, is straddling Cas and pushing him back onto the bed. He goes too willingly. It pisses Dean off.
With a sigh Dean sinks further back into the couch, letting his eyes slip shut. He’s not stupid. He knows the chances of Cas still caring in some form or way are slim to none. Not with why and how things ended. They haven’t even texted since Dean let him know that he’d met up with Benny and even then Cas had kept his answers short and to the point. It makes sense and Dean knows.
This time he doesn’t knock his glass over but he knows he looks startled by Jo’s sudden appearance — though who knows how long she’s been back in front of him. He wets his dry lips. “Why would I?”
Cas's voice rings with worry from the hallway, where he's saying his goodbye to Jack and Dean smiles to himself, continues scrubbing the casserole dish.
"I still haven't given you your present," Dean says. His voice feels rough and too loud in the silence. He leans over and pulls it from between a neat stack of bills, found it to be the best hiding place earlier when he panicked about someone else seeing it. It's a simple white envelope, just a simple "Castiel Novak" written on it. He holds it out to him. He tries going for nonchalant, when he says, "You can open it now if you want."
But then again, the only thing he’s sure of right now, is that he’s still in love with Cas. So maybe Cas knows after all. Maybe the pages they are on aren't that far apart right now. Maybe there's still hope for them left.
Cas shifts until he's got Dean's hand against his lips. He presses a kiss to each of his fingertips. “You're a good man, Dean Winchester.”
, already. Like pulling on a favorite shirt he hasn’t worn in a bit, like getting back into Baby after not driving her for a while. He loves the idea even if it won’t change much in the grand scheme of things. And while Cas should hear it, right now isn’t it. The moment feels too off, too desperate.
A sigh on the other end and Dean can practically hear him roll his eyes. "I am a little more organized than you, thank you very much."
Finishing an errand and discovering a text from Cas that ranges from him listing the groceries he needs to him painting a wall of their apartment because he couldn't focus, always manages to put a smile on Dean's face and he knows Cas appreciates his updates on Oliver and commentary on yet another movie he'll never watch as well. And they still do manage some pretty good conversations if you omit the parts that have too much bite. There may even have been one or two attempts at phone sex, which, well, had gone somewhere at least.
Yes, there’s Cas, always Cas, maybe their own house one day — with a garden for plants and bees and a nice deck for family dinners — but beyond that, there isn’t much he’s certain of. Dean knows he enjoys living there, in the city, life surrounding them at all times and giving him the feeling that he can be what he wants to be and not have anyone care. But he’s not sure it’s something he needs anymore. He’s not as afraid of himself as he was when he moved there and the bad days haven’t been solved by getting drunk and strangers in a while. Which brings him back to Cas once more and his brain drawing up blank past the simple thought of asking Cas to marry him. He wants to. He really does. But returning to Boston, staying there, continuing their lives there? It kind of makes his heart skip an unpleasant beat and it's not like he doesn't have an idea why.
As a full-time employee, you are also entitled to the standard benefits package, including orgasms, homemade food, and free stays at my house. Please plan to begin your work immediately.
“Okay.” Dean can’t help but place his pen down, pushing the newspaper away from himself. He reaches for his coffee even though there’s barely a sip left in it. He just needs something to hold onto right now and a pen that can snap isn’t it. Because if they’re having a conversation involving his father it won’t end pretty. What a way to start his weekend. “Then what are you trying to say?”
“Look, buddy,” he starts after a while because he knows he's been quiet for far too long. “Cas and I, we-”
"Cas." It's all Dean can say. It feels like a warning, like a 'please don't do this to me.' Because for a moment there, he feels like maybe he misunderstood, that he's getting this wrong, that Cas is just talking about this as family, as friends but then he actually says it.
Bobby laughs loudly, says, "Good for you. Just remember to bring them round some time," and then leaves him standing there.
“This is not the tone you use with me,” his father says, voice level and almost as cold as his eyes. Dean feels his breath catch uncomfortably in his chest, can’t help lowering his gaze. Cold terror is settling in his bones and it makes him freeze up in a way he hasn’t in years. “Understood?”
It takes a second for him to get an answer and he licks his lips, lets Miracle outside, and watches her press her nose to the ground, picking up the scent of something and then following it into the darkness.
and why did he even say that? Sure, it’s the fair thing. The high road. But for what it's worth, it sucks a lot more than waiting for an answer the first time around. And maybe he’s still checking his phone every five minutes or so but who can blame him? This is kind of a life and death situation to him. To Cas not so much. Or maybe he’s really got to think about this. Which again is fair — Dean did break his heart after all — but if he’s actually still in love with Dean, then shouldn’t the answer be easy? Or you know, if Dean’s misinterpreted everything so far and Cas is not in love with him anymore, shouldn’t the answer be even easier? Though maybe this is him trying to figure out a way to let Dean down gently. As if there’s any way this rejection wouldn’t hurt like a bitch.
The line clicks and then it's just him and his thoughts again. Surprisingly, he feels a little lighter now and the twinkling Christmas lights on the tree put an even bigger smile on his face.
Bobby interrupts him before he gets the chance to finish. “How about I call him? You want him over there with you?”
– and keeps telling himself that it's fine. Even when a voice that sounds suspiciously like Sam pops into his head, reminding him that a stroke is not a joke and should be taken seriously.
Dean [2:23 AM]: I'm not sure it's normal to talk to your ex just because you're bored. Or flirt with them.
Instead, he sneaks off to his room and decides that five minutes of shuteye with the kid is the better alternative.
Whatever the reason though, there's never the perfect moment and Dean doesn't manage to speak up whenever they're in the same room.
The slight pain of his lip popping is enough to pull him back, from tugging his mind into the here and now again. He stuffs the last piece of equipment he needs into his duffle bag. The noise of the zipper closing is too loud, even with cars zipping by the motel parking lot. While he shoulders it his eyes flit back to the left of the trunk one more time.
Instinct says yes if just to drive the fact, that they aren’t anything anymore, in deeper, make it sting that little more and easier to get past it.
It’s a blatant lie — he’s not fine, if only because he’s still got no idea where any of this will lead — but he must sound genuine enough because she sighs and slumps against him. When he gently nudges her towards the door of the bar a moment later she goes willingly, even waves him off after a few steps. “I’m good. Go back to talking to your man.”
“Of course he does.” Jo sets down a small tablet filled with shots and plops back into her seat. “He's been moping since October. And it's only getting worse every damn day.”
“Because you trusted me. Enough to beg me to come with you because you needed to be there as quickly as you could. You even let me drive your car, so we didn't have to stop too much. And you told me why you had to be there when Sam told your father. Telling me what he did.” He sighs, heavy and tired. “You care so much about the people you love, Dean. Getting to see that meant a lot to me back then. And it still does.”
Dean throws her number away the first chance he gets while his heart twinges painfully, thrums a steady beat of
“Of course he did.” Dean purses his lips and swallows down the comment about how for once his father is at least drinking with a valid reason. Instead, he bites, “Good thing I know him so well and already bought his shit then.”
So they settle in and there's no shame in admitting that Dean dozes off for a bit, the bright colors and voices of some kids show lulling him into a hazy sort of attention that focuses solely on Oliver not running off to cause god knows what kind of trouble.
He doesn’t wait for a response, just picks up both his food and water before he leaves the room to find another place to finish his lunch.
Cas is the first one to open his mouth, face going perfectly blank and shutting the surprise away. “Hello, Dean.”
Sam left the job to him, left him alone so he could say 'goodbye' to Baby. And why'd he even think this would be a goodbye? Hell he's coming back here to get her the second their faces are theirs and theirs only again.
Cas [11:15 AM]: At least tell him you're losing your job over this. And talk to Sam. John's his father, too.
“Would you care if I did?” Again with the speaking before the thinking. He’s on a roll today. But something is itching under his skin. It’s reminding him that this isn’t how things should be and tiptoeing around in what should be a safe space, feeling like he’s a kid and scared all the time, isn’t normal. It isn’t how he wants his life to go. And things won’t change if he doesn’t do something. If not as drastic as moving to the other side of the country then maybe just opening his damn mouth will do for now. Try to communicate with him or whatever bullshit Sam would suggest at this point. “You never cared before.”
“That boxy thing from senior prom?” Jo nudges him with her elbow. She looks like she’s having the time of her life already.
stage after all and they crossed the line of polite conversation suitable to past relationships a while ago. “Take a right at the next intersection.”
Dean nearly knocks his glass over, feels the water spill over the sides and onto his fingers and the top of the bar. He blinks down at the mess before he looks up at Jo. She looks far too amused. “No, I haven’t.”
With a sigh, Dean drops his phone onto the coffee table and pushes himself up. For a moment he considers taking their now empty plates to the kitchen, starting on cleaning up, but he ignores the itch, instead goes to his bedroom. He pushes the door mostly closed behind himself and tugs the top drawer of his dresser open.
is. He’s very aware he should care. He just doesn’t. It’s really as simple as that. He’s fairly content to watch that elephant die at the moment.
Cas hums on his end of the line and then he finally must reach his hotel room, because the background noise stops completely, leaving just some quiet sniffling and the rustling of probably a coat and scarf being taken off. The vivid image of his flushed cheeks and wind-ruffled hair, make Dean press his hands into the dough a little harder.
Dean lowers his eyes, focuses on a dirty spot on the carpet — he really should do a better job at cleaning. His voice feels hollow when he responds with, “Got it. Your house, your rules.”
Cas [9:03 AM]: If you stop for food, do we have time for blowjobs before you have to pick your father up again?
Their last fight still sits heavy in his stomach. Because that's what it was this time, a full-blown fight that could in no form or way be classified as a disagreement or argument anymore. A fight where, if they’d been in the same space, they wouldn’t have been afterwards because Dean would have been too proud and Cas would have just disappeared somewhere — friends usually, except that one time where he’d slept in his fucking office. Those kinds of fights don’t happen often but when they do they linger.
Right, breathing is still a thing, and weirdly enough the nurse from earlier, reminding him of the same damn thing, pops into his head, and oh god, what if they have news already and he isn’t there. Fuck he needs to get it together. He manages a few deep breaths then blurts, “I found dad barely conscious in the kitchen. Drove him to the hospital.”
"Can't-" Cas breaks off, just shakes his head, one hand moving over the floor, looking for purchase to support his shaking, trembling body and finding none, while the other's pressed against his throat. Dean reaches out, notes in the faint light coming in through the window how his knees look scratched and irritated from the carpet.
“Want me to remind you that you’re the one that’s got the doctorate, doctor? Nothing you say is gonna sound stupid.” Dean knows it’s cheap but hearing the hitch in Cas's breath and feeling his own stomach trip over itself is a fair price to get an honest answer.
Dean squeezes his eyes shut for a second, breathes deep. He's not going to freak out about this again. He loves Cas and Cas loves him. And it's the beginning of February now and the beginning of March is Dean's deadline for staying here. That's what the doctors told him was absolutely justified, that’s what he will tell his father when the letter is sent. Once he’s got an answer at the latest.
Dean certainly doesn’t use Sam’s distraction to read Cas's latest text. He also certainly doesn’t reply with another smile on his face.
girlfriends apparently. Again, he’s happy for them but couldn’t they have picked a different day to come out of the relationship closet and make it a public thing? One where he preferably isn’t in need of people who will be miserable with him. He really doesn’t want to be the one ruining their mood but surely they must have picked up on something by now.
Instead of answering or letting go of Dean, Cas uses his own shoulder as leverage to wriggle down his scarf far enough that his mouth is free. It’s cute enough that Dean won’t complain about still getting a face full of scarf when Cas leans in and brushes his lips to his cheek.
He sighs, shrugs his shoulders, and wonders why he never told them about his own proposal in the first place. Embarrassment, probably. And maybe also not wanting to see the pity on their faces. But whatever the reason is, it’s so dumb to keep quiet about it in the end. Charlie knows, so does Jo and ridiculously enough in some form his father as well. And now he’s once more considering not telling Eileen — and in turn his own brother — which is just stupid. They kind of deserve to know what's with the whole Oliver still mostly avoiding him thing. So he meets her eyes and signs, “It’s a Cas thing.”
Missorted. As if Dean didn’t find things in the boxes that he couldn’t even remember showing Cas, things that he wasn’t even aware of owning anymore but that he did indeed like to see back in his hands. As if Cas would get mixed up about something that belonged to himself when he clearly had a much better sense of who had owned what in their apartment — he packed the fucking pie tins for god’s sake. Dean can’t help but laugh at the mere notion of Cas accidentally packing something he wore so frequently in a box designated for him.
Short and to the point and it makes an unreasonable amount of anger rear its head inside of Dean. He feels oddly reminded of trying to win the fight against Oliver when he was adamant about not wanting to eat anything the color green. There was a reason behind it but it had made sense to no one but the kid. Skipping out on your health check-ups after a stroke that’s not even a year in the past, seems to fall right in line with that. Anybody would question it. But Dean takes it as a personal offense.
That's all they had said after Dean had started the car. No further words exchanged just futile glances. Dean wants to say something. Wants to ask Cas how he's feeling because it can't be good. He only caught the tail end of the conversation between him and that other angel. But he got the gist - there for Cas, not the baby, but for Cas because of his pain - and if that's not on him, Dean doesn't know what in his life is. His fingers are vibrating with the need to mention it, tapping away on the steering wheel to the sound of silence and breathing, but he can't unglue his lips from each other. The drives not long enough anyway.
The words are out before he can even consider why it’s not a good idea. It’s as if he’s lost all of his common sense somewhere in the emotional mess today has been. His skin prickles uncomfortably with the ghost of his father’s touch and he can feel his own nails digging painfully into the flesh of his palms but has no idea when he started doing that. He very consciously unclenches his hands.
With a grunt, Dean forces himself up, reaches for the glass of whiskey on the nightstand, and downs it.
Charlie [8:08 AM]: But won’t save you from me barging into your uncle’s place if you don’t drop by the cafe sometime this week.
The itch that he did something wrong, that he somehow betrayed a relationship he’s no longer in, doesn’t let up, sits underneath his skin even upon his return home. It brings along a nervous energy to do something good, something he can’t screw up and he starts cleaning the upstairs area without much thought.
Dean [9:37 PM]: Sam gave me an article from his gender and law class thing. Pretty sure it could be useful to you.
And that’s how Dean finds himself sitting on a more or less cold swing seat, the metal of the chains biting into the bare skin of his hands and Cas’s hands tucked firmly around his waist while he stands a little too close. Oliver is standing off to the side underneath the frame of the swingset, grinning and paying too much attention for how flushed Dean feels.
“He’s your father,” Cas says and Dean snaps back to attention on the inside. Outwardly he barely manages to blink.
“Right,” Dean says and feels his throat tighten and his chest ache. God hasn’t he done enough crying today? “Make sure to close the door behind you when you leave. The lock sticks sometimes.”
“Well,”-a shaky inhale-“let me know when you figure it out and can tell me where you need your things.”
It surely played a role in him gaining the famous freshman 15 — though admittedly he was far from a freshman at that point. But he didn’t really care and neither did Cas and then he’d gotten comfortable in his routine and life. He was happy. Something like a few pounds too many didn't change that. Not that they really were too many. He’d just been, well, softer.
Bobby makes a noncommittal noise and they fall back into silence while Dean scratches another word into its designated boxes. “You ever thought about taking a look at the ads?”
Dean looks up from where he's mindlessly poking at his food. He appreciates being invited for lunch but he's just not feeling it today. Maybe it's just the food though. Trying new places — getting him out of his comfort zone, Jo had said, and for fuck sake he won't even begin to unpack the implications of that — isn't on the top of his list. “Bachelor party?”
They both turn at the sound of Ellen’s voice. She’s got a tray in her hand with various drinks on them. She gives him a pointed look and he can hear Jo snicker under her breath before she moves away from him. With a sigh, Dean gulps down the rest of his water and gets back to work.
He’s in the middle of the hallway, out in the open and still too many steps away from his own room, when his father steps out of the study at the end of the hall. Though study is just a fancy word for a storage room with a desk, a bookshelf, and a whole lot of boxes crammed in, it is very much his father’s space and holds barely any fond memories for Dean. He actually vividly remembers getting yelled at for snooping through some of the stuff in there as a teenager. He’d just been looking for old pictures.
He's usually a quiet kid. Mostly because he knows that screaming and throwing fits won't get him what he wants and he learned that early on. But it also means that when he's upset he tends to stop verbalizing, slipping in and out of signing instead, or going quiet altogether. So that he gets this loud, this actively angry at all is a rarity and feels like a slap to the face. Or being dunked in ice-cold water.
Dean grins and opens his mouth but before he can say anything, Cas's stomach grumbles far too loudly to not be noticeable. It startles Cas enough to let go of the chain and Dean’s not prepared for that so he loses his grip and they swing away from each other. Dean can’t help the startled laugh escaping him and he feels lucky that he’s still sitting on the seat when the swing has mostly stopped moving again.
"It's good to see you." He pulls Jack into a hug, squeezes him as hard as he can, before he steps to the side, lets them inside and into the warmth. God, he missed the kid. "Though you are late."
“Listening,” Dean says and lifts his head from where he's poring over a recipe. Figuring out kid-friendly food when the kid in question is a hell of a picky eater doesn't come naturally to him just yet. Oliver’s standing in the doorway, hands twisting in the hem of his shirt.
Dean flinches, bumps his head a little. He scowls at Bobby and continues working. "I didn't take anything, don't worry."
“That’s not a no, Cas.” It irks Dean that he won’t give him a straight answer. It’s not that he wants to know details. Just something. Honestly, even with all the casual small talk and catching up they’ve been doing the past week it’s like Cas avoids the topic like the plague. Or at least the details beyond being here for work. Work that definitely has to do with that shiny new PhD and if he met Sam earlier it must be something on the campus of Kansas University. And really Cas saying that much would be enough. It doesn’t have to be a big deal but Cas brushing it off once more, makes it seem like one. So it’s either really important or Cas is just trying to not upset him. Though Dean has no idea what about Cas's work could possibly upset him — they’re already beyond the
"Tell me to stop," Dean brings out between panted breaths, while his lips and tongue try catching the salty taste of sweat he missed underneath Cas' chin and by his ear. He feels feral, out of control. But if he'd just-
He's on the third variant of cookies when his phone rings, Cas's smiling face replacing the recipe on the screen.
And maybe some of that applies to whatever’s happening here between them as well. Maybe this is as close to admitting
Dean swallows. His reason was, no, is valid. That doesn't mean it wasn't executed in the shittiest way. He could have found him a place, dropped him off with other hunters - Jody maybe,
“I’m glad you’re safe,” Cas says, his voice cracking and too high. When Dean looks over to him he finds him cutting up some vegetables, resolutely staring down at his hands while his shoulders shake. It takes a second for it to click, to realize that
Dean swallows heavily. “What?” “I wish I could do more to help you,” Cas says and closes his eyes. He sinks further into the backrest of the sofa and even from down below, he seems to shrink in on himself. Even slightly drunk Dean knows this isn’t good. He sits up quickly enough that his stomach turns uncomfortably and the room spins from more than just the alcohol. The seconds where he has to just sit still and wait for the vertigo to pass, drag on for far too long. But then, god bless, he can turn, push the blanket completely off himself and crawl into Cas's lap. He’s already watching him again, half-lidded eyes and lips pressed into a thin line. “What’s this about?” Dean asks, mouth dry. He reaches out and rests his hands on his shoulders, his neck, feels his warmth even through the thick fabric of his sweater. Their eyes meet and Dean can’t quite figure out what he’s seeing here or what he’s even looking for.
They fall silent, staring at each other like it’s going out of style, and then open their mouths at the same time. Neither of them says a word though and they glance away. Cas clears his throat.
"Everything, Cas. Not just movie nights but cuddling and falling asleep on each other. Not just dinner together but real dates. Not just sleeping at each other houses but sleeping right next to you. Not just calling you my friend but my boyfriend as well. Not just being family by choice but creating our own version of family. Not just being in each other's life but spending our lives together. Just everything, you know?"
Dean didn’t make himself any promises but he knows that if he goes over there tonight he’ll fuck up again. Probably worse than last night, probably less easy to ignore as well. But maybe that’d be for the best. If he’s in this deep already, ready to slip up and bare his soul over the most stupid things after such a short time, it’ll only get harder the longer he pretends that being friends again — if that’s even what they are — is totally fine.
Warnings: reference to past (physical) abuse, John Winchester using a slur and physically hurting Dean
They are about ten minutes from his father's house when Dean can't do it anymore and he finally pulls over to the side of the road, even turns off the Impala. He’s too worried he’ll just pull back onto the road otherwise.
— and a fucking tote bag slung over his shoulder like he’s just shopping at the farmer’s market and not in a huge ass store.
He’s here for Dean and in his living room, in the apartment where he’s been on his own for months but wanted Cas there all the time. Where he learned to live by himself and knows that it’s missing something, someone,
“You’ll figure it out.” Dean tries for a smile when Cas glances over at him with his eyes sad and lips pressed together. It feels weak and too frail. “But if you need a soundboard I’m willing to listen.”
Dean stares at him. The grocery store lighting did nothing for Cas and where Dean thought he looked good yesterday, he looks amazing with the late summer sun burning down on them. He faintly notes that Cas shaved. “You already lost me, man.”
There's no panic, just the usual annoyance, and anger in the words. Still, Dean leaves his desk to open up the door to his room, the tacked-on poster flopping down again at one edge. It’s a sad reminder of his teenage years spent in this room. He absentmindedly smoothes the corner back up, while he interrupts Cas with a soft, “I'll be back in a second.” He doesn't wait for a reply before he presses the phone to his chest, a frail attempt at drowning out himself yelling down the stairs, “What do you need?”
And he knows he has no obligations towards Cas anymore. Knows that Cas has no right to ask this of him. Except where he does, where he deserves this much from Dean because last time he couldn’t give him anything, and now he can. Because he gets it now.
Eileen grins and hands over the envelope. He turns it over once, but the handwriting doesn’t ring any bells and then rips it open. Inside it, he finds a single piece of cardstock in an off-white color. He reads the words on it and can practically feel the color drain from his face.
He spaces out until Cas presses a glass of whiskey into his hands. He's holding another one and then he's leaving the kitchen for the living room and Dean just watches blankly not even realizing what's happening until he hears him say, “I think you could use a drink, Mr. Winchester.”
He's in bed within seven minutes - not that he's keeping track - only the dim light of his phone lighting up the room and Miracle does come to join him within the few more minutes it takes Cas to come back to the phone. She patiently waits for Dean's explicit invitation and then jumps up onto the bed once it's given, curls up directly behind his knees. He scratches her head while he waits, the phone pressed to his ear already.
Dean sort of freezes right there, one hand still trapped by Cas and his whole side pressed into Cas's chest and the position is awkward and uncomfortable but they are so much closer than before. He’s scared that if he so much as breathes, he’ll fall over completely onto Cas and he can’t let that happen. His heartbeat is too loud in his ears and his voice is quiet, barely there when he says, “Cas.”
“Do you really need me to tell you this, Dean?” He levels him with a glare. “You’re an adult. You don’t need things like this.”
"Hurts," Cas grunts, while Dean's hands settle on his face, tilting it back up, forcing Cas backward until he's not hunching over and there's room for his body, for breath and a level voice that's going "That's okay. Can you try and listen to me?" and that's his own and oh.
The door opens while Dean’s taking a step back, fully prepared to bolt, and he freezes. His eyes widen and he feels his cheeks flush. Cas just stares back at him, frowning and frazzled looking. It seems to take him a second to register who he’s looking at.
“You do that.” Bobby huffs a laugh and gets back up. When he passes by Dean on his way into the kitchen, he gently places a hand on his shoulder, squeezes it once. And with a weird sort of warmth in his stomach, Dean watches him open the fridge. “Now what do you want for breakfast?”
Dean [8:33 PM]: You know, if you’re going to be in town for a bit longer you should visit Sam and Eileen.
Because any chance at being friends won’t survive like this. And that’s on Dean and Dean alone — what does it matter that Cas let him lean into him, that Cas let him sleep on top of him? He set the boundaries and Dean jumped right over them — and if he can even attempt to get across how very much he meant that despite not meaning to do it, it’d be a damn miracle. God, he just wants to go back to sleep, if only so he can pretend it didn’t happen.
He wants a lot more than he will get and it’s the crux of why it’s a bad idea to even indulge in the mere hope. But it’s exactly why he feels keyed up to the point of being too aware of his surroundings. It’s exactly why his senses are heightened, picking up on too low voices and seemingly familiar bedheads, but never the right one. And while every false alarm that thrums through his heart, makes the pain of the next
Dean sucks in a breath, forces himself upright, and brushes the back of his hand over his eyes. He doesn’t even have to adjust the rearview mirror to check to know that they are red.
“Wow.” She goes quiet for a moment and they sit there in silence. He can faintly hear Oliver talking to himself upstairs in his room and the sound of the oven in the kitchen. When she nudges his foot to get his attention back, she’s frowning, looking almost guilty. “Sam wanted to call him, ask him if he’d be fine with keeping up for Oliver’s sake.”
His touch to Cas's shoulder is hesitant and barely there but Cas reaches back for him anyway, snuffling drowsily but obviously wide awake, and lets him move in close until their legs finally manage to tangle and all he breathes in is Cas.
Dean nods — he can’t remember telling her his name but apparently, he did — and she waves them to follow her to a different waiting area. It’s quieter there and she gives them a smile. “Doctor Anderson will be with you in a moment.”
“A lot actually. Just”-Dean reaches inside his jacket, pulls out the letter-“you should have this first.”
left. Acquaintances or friends even and Dean doesn’t think he could live with either but wouldn’t it still be better than nothing?
Dean could have seen his free days go a million ways. Really. Taking a look under Baby’s hood, going for a walk, reading, listening to music. Maybe binge-watching Dr. Sexy. Hell, even cleaning would have been on the list of possibilities.
The tears that have been sitting heavy and hot behind his eyes for months now — since he got the call, since he had to watch Cas disappear in the rearview mirror, since he spent the first night just as helpless as always watching his father pick up a drink — spill over. The sob that follows them is broken, too loud for the silence of the night. “I'm really not,” he blubbers, feels like a child, and lets Cas move him until he's in his arms, face still pressed up against his neck — a safe space, one where he can just exist as he is, one where he can be honest — and fingers running through his hair.
Dean knows he can't go back to his father like this, knows he'll start a fight the second they'll exchange a word but won't get the important words out anyway. But there's also the persistent throb of time, reminding him that he's been gone for nearly an hour by now, reminding him that his father is home alone, probably reaching for a drink again to feel some semblance of control. And Dean's not there to at least try to remind him of all the reasons he shouldn't — the new pain medication and all the other ones, the stroke,
over and over again. It would be annoying if the idea wasn’t still so new, if the thought of Cas being officially stuck with him wasn’t so enticing.
As if John Winchester would ever even consider talking to him about this, his emotions, anything concerning his health, really, that goes beyond the next appointment with one doctor or another. Not that it matters. Dean’s good at pretending that things are okay, that his father is the same man he was the last time they saw each other. So if that’s what his father expects from him, he’ll gladly deliver because he’s not really scrambling to be on the receiving end of those conversations either.
Dean tilts his head back, lets his eyes slip shut. The cold air feels nice on his face, lets him forget the heat of the stuffy motel room, brings on the clammy feeling of sweat cooling on his skin.
It's noon when Dean realizes that it's literally the day before Christmas and he still doesn't have a present for Cas. He drops his head onto the desk, pushes the documents he's sorting through to the side – Tuesday is his office day and he hates it with a passion.
“Nope.” He plucks one of the decorative flower petals from the tablecloth, rubs it between his fingers until it stains them blue.
“I was listening to your voicemail. Pretty sure he thought we were having phone sex. He was kind of pissed with me for a few days.”
“I like him more!” Oliver immediately exclaims and then proceeds to tell him every single reason why, while Dean finally gets started on dinner. It's admittedly not that many and the kid repeats a few. But he's met him in person ten times tops, and while there have been many phone calls, the kid is still only four and surely doesn't remember every time. By the end of it, Dean's smiling watching pasta cook, and maybe he’s glad nobody else is around to catch him looking so whipped — if only so nobody can tease him because it surely isn’t a secret that he’s head over heels for Cas.
But it didn’t stop there. Because when he left the mall he bumped into Rhonda Hurley, a former classmate and one of his many sexual awakenings. She had given him a once over like she was undressing him, like she could still very much take him down a peg, and then proceeded to ask him how he was doing. And Dean, all the while having very vivid flashbacks, had flirted back like nobody’s business. He’d only really caught on to what he’d been doing when she had scoured her purse for a pen and then had proceeded to slip him her phone number. He’d taken it, if only because he was too dumbstruck to say no.
Okay, maybe he should have let Cas know that he’d be still paying his part of the rent. He knows that Cas has hang-ups about accepting help from anybody ever, especially when it involves money. But it just had been instinctive to Dean and it’s not like he’s wrong. His things — clothes he’ll need soon because the weather is getting progressively warmer, but also stuff of sentimental value like his tape and record collection, family pictures — are still in that apartment, strewn across it with only a vague thought of
Cas [11:39 AM]: I appreciate you worrying about me. But I don't appreciate you badgering my friends into forcing me outside.
Dean feels his face slip, his breath catching in his chest because what? He can’t bring his mouth to open, to ask what his father is going for here, what the hell he’s thinking. But apparently, the question is all over his face.
Cas sighs, says “I’m sorry for bothering you,” and then without even giving Dean the chance to respond, he hangs up. It leaves Dean floating somewhere between utter bewilderment and fond annoyance, because what the hell was this whole conversation?
And before Dean can even come up with an answer to that, Oliver has already slipped off the seat and is tugging him towards it. Dean lets him because for one there’s no real reason he shouldn’t — the couple and their two girls seem to have made the smart decision to go home and are probably already warming their hands on hot chocolate and that actually sounds like a nice idea for when they get home as well — and two he can’t even remember the last time he actually used a swing himself, always just being the one doing the pushing in his memories.
He gets a happy noise of agreement, followed by, “He told me a story. And he let me wear his tie because I’m a big boy now!”
And while the words, “Five more minutes,” slip from Dean’s lips, breathed against where he’s still holding onto Cas, he realizes —
Cas looks over at him then and it makes the light from the lamps on the edge of the playground light up his features. Suddenly Dean’s all too aware of how tired he looks, how red his eyes are.
The next time Dean becomes aware enough of anything again it’s a hand that’s gently shaking his shoulder and disrupting his sleep. He can feel its warmth even through his sweatshirt and in between that and the solid feeling of a body underneath his cheek he’d rather stay right here. So he presses his face forward on instinct, nuzzles his nose into the warmth, and inhales.
"Well we can't exactly do it side by side right now, can we? And we've done less interesting things together."
“Well, it’s more comfortable to sleep with than other versions,” Dean says. After the initial conversation with Cas, he actually did his own research. Not because he didn’t trust his words but rather because he got curious about how something so simple could actually have an effect. And he also knows that he’s glad that Cas went to the trouble of finding this one because Dean really didn’t think he’d taken to the concept as much if it had been one of the more ‘adult’ versions of grain pillows that looked like actual pillows and not as comfortable — or huggable. He already knows that he’ll have to fight Cas for it constantly once they’re back in the same space. Dean loves him just a little more for it. So his next words fall from his mouth without any thought behind them, “And Cas gave it to me.”
“Good. It was good,” Dean says. He furrows his brow. “Actually. I have no idea. I was thinking about you the whole day.”
Clearly, it’s no surprise why Cas said no if he couldn’t even trust Dean enough to let him take care of him.
Dean blinks, focuses his attention back on Oliver — his cheeks are flushed bright red from the cold and they probably should head back soon because Sam will kill him if he gets the kid sick — who’s waving at him, squirming around on the swing so much that the only thing keeping him from slipping off is Cas's hands covering his on the chains.
“Nightstand.” Dean doesn’t make a move, eyes focused on Cas stepping closer and placing his phone down, even going as far as plugging it into the charger. There’s a piece of paper sticking to it and Dean considers asking about it. But he feels sleep drag at the edges of him, so he just closes his eyes and mumbles, “Thank you.”
Two hours later he's buzzed enough that he feels loose and comfortable and his mouth is working without his brain keeping up fully. Which is exactly how he ends up blurting, “I want to marry him,” in the middle of Charlie telling them about her latest Moondoor adventures.
The noise the trunk lid makes being slammed shut doesn't sound as pleasant as the one of the Impala.
Somehow this hug feels much more like a hello than their airport greeting had felt. And there's something to be said about keeping things behind locked doors and in the darkness of a childhood room with fumbling memories long past forgotten but Dean just presses his nose harder into the soft fabric of Cas's sweater and the unyielding feeling of his body underneath.
Dean’s eyes snap up, are back on Cas in an instance, and find him staring right back. He looks too damn sad. He looks too much like he gives an actual shit. Dean doesn’t want to deal with the implications behind it. He wets his lips, looks away again.
"Oh come on," he groans, rubs his eyes. His whole damn life he couldn't have cared less. He was content. Honestly not being in a relationship was easier. For him. For his non-existent partner. For his fucking heart because it wouldn't even be fully in it. But apparently, he's gone soft with getting older because lately he just wants. He wants to have a part of the happy-couple-pie everybody else seems to be eating. Wants to go to bed with someone. Wants to wake up with them. Wants to share early morning walks with Miracle. Wants to cook for someone else. Wants the silence in his home to be filled by more than just him and the space around him with conversation and humming. Wants the casual intimacy that only comes with having years' worth of getting to know each other.
And he doesn’t want to stay quiet, doesn’t want to give in because he’s not in the wrong here. He tries to wrench himself free but his father won’t let up. Apparently, even a stroke can’t take the training out of a former Marine. Another stab of pain makes tears shoot into his eyes and his fingers tingle like his whole arm has fallen asleep. Dean nods before he can stop himself.
“Sorry,” Dean bites out but tries forcing his scowl into a more neutral frown. Considering how unimpressed Bobby looks, he’s not doing a good job. “Had a rough night.”
They fall into silence. One that gets more awkward by the second and Dean shifts his weight, not sure what else to say or do to not have this moment end right here, while the world around them keeps moving. Though maybe it should. Maybe he should just go about the rest of his day and week and month and forget that this happened at all. Continue living the life he’s started to build himself again, one without Cas and one that can survive without him in it. But there’s an itch underneath his skin, of how maybe this doesn’t have to end here and maybe there’s a chance at
There’s a lot of alcohol — Garth is drunk at nine p.m. and fucking hell he’s doling out hugs like they’re going out of style — there’s also country music, a pool table and there’s a card game going on in the corner that Dean’s pretty sure is an illegal round of poker. Maybe he should be happy that they aren’t at the Roadhouse for this chaos but if he’s honest getting drunk with just a few of his friends in a familiar place sounds a lot more appealing than this — so what, he can’t quite bring himself to warm up to Bess’ cousins. He’ll be happy for the couple on Saturday, he’ll continue having his friendship with Garth. This is just something he has to deal with for two days, he can manage. For what it's worth, Dean’s even having a good night.
But if he’s asking for it now, he must have tried it after all then and Dean can’t help but wonder if the issue was never with the food to begin with. He also really doesn’t remember the last time his father called Cas by his name or even a conversation that involved a mention of Cas without turning sour.
“This isn’t a discussion, Dean. So either stay in line or shut up,” his father hisses too close to his ear and Dean twists his head away, feels his shoulders nudge up futilely but it only makes pain zap through his arm.
“You are, Dean. I still- You are still very important to me. That hasn’t changed. Even if- even if for a while I thought I wouldn’t get to have you in my life anymore.”
Cas looks exhausted, shoulders tense and mouth pressed into a thin line. Like he’s home after a long day at work and Dean can see it, can imagine his plants littering the window sills and them squabbling over the window seat being a prime spot for them. He can see new knick-knacks appearing on the shelves, their clothes piled on top of each other in the hamper. He can hear him complaining until Dean finally fixes the side table in the entryway and insisting on keeping that ugly-ass dresser Sam procured even if it doesn’t go with anything else. Cas would fit in so perfectly and Dean’s hit again by how desperately he wants to step up to him, slip his arms around his waist and offer him something to lean against. His fingers itch to reach out again
The kiss is the counterpart to his fingers cradling Cas' face like he is glass. His mouth pushes and pulls and bites and Cas- Cas pushes back, shaky but fully present and out to finish this. Just like he did that time-
"Just a few more hours, Dean. That's all. Then we can talk." Cas's voice is firm but the way his fingers dig into his arm now, betrays his calm demeanor. But compared to Dean, he seems to have a lot more self-restraint because he unwraps himself and with one more smile, leaves him standing there all by himself in the kitchen and by the sound of it, makes his way into the living room.
Because now that they are here, Oliver laughing excitedly while Cas carefully pushes him on the swing — most of his face covered in a bright yellow scarf because he loathes the cold — Dean can feel his heart bursting in his chest with fondness where he’s been left standing on the sidelines — Cas is the favorite uncle, alright. And all the while his mind is spinning in circles and playing the same track of
Dean’s heart sinks into his boots when his tentative greeting only gets a garbled grunt in reply that’s barely audibly over the door falling shut.
Dean snaps his eyes back up to Sam then back to his phone. It’s still open on the picture of Steve, Cas's usually very sad excuse of a happy plant — Cas hadn’t been joking when he told Dean the name of the plant species and Dean appreciated the irony a lot — which seems to have grown considerably in the last year and Dean has taken a great deal of joy in how, for lack of a better word,
The key turning in the front door saves him from continuing, from lying like the coward he is, and Dean has never been happier to be able to leave and return to his father's house.
, to be right. It feels like his heart is breaking all over again as he watches Cas take in the space, as he watches him look at all the knick-knacks on the bookshelf — the ones he made sure Dean had even if he was too scared to ask for them. And the last time they were in a space that was theirs was a year ago and he can’t have that back, no matter what he told Charlie last night. It’ll always be different. Whether they are just friends or if there’s an actual chance at something between them, they’ve lost a part. Maybe not a substantial one but something is gone. He wants it back in the same way he wants his father to be who he used to be, who he seemed to be in Dean’s earliest memories. It’s stupid. It’s hopeless. He’s so tired of losing. He’s just so damn tired.
"I won't." It's soft but the tug of fingers in his hair is insistent, a wordless plea that makes his stomach turn with want. He shivers, feels the sudden throb of his erection in his boxers and wishes he hadn't gotten so used to sleeping in flimsy nothingness already. It's not enough protection in his world. Not now, not ever. "I don't need to."
“Made me sick to realize that I felt relieved at the idea that it’d be over, that maybe I wouldn’t have to worry anymore.” Dean closes his eyes for a second, breathes against the nausea that creeps up at the thought even now. It’s duller than before but it’s still there. “It’s just not fair that he keeps doing this to me. To Sammy, too. We deserve better. But at the same time,” he opens his eyes again, focuses back on Cas, “I still fucking care. Even if I should know better. Even if I thought that.”
The light brushing through the curtains catches on the towel. It flickers like a halo around Cas' head. He just looks up at him, eyes big and wide. Expectant. And they've been here before and nothing's changed between them except everything has.
“Yes,” Sam says and before either of them can offer anything else, she’s off, introduces herself, and goes through all the information she can offer. She does it quickly but politely, pausing here and there to give them a chance to ask questions but Dean can’t focus enough to pay attention to the details.
Dean’s not stupid enough to be able to pretend that he only forgot about it because the invitation’s nowhere to be found. He’s under no illusion there. He just loathes the general idea of going to a wedding. He’s fucking bitter, sue him. Maybe a little mad at himself even but mostly he’s just coming around to a point again where he’s got the urge to give Cas a piece of his mind over the stupid no-through-text thing he did. It’s an on and off thing that comes back around once or twice a month when someone — Sam more often than not because he’s just so damn annoying with his constant need to check in with how Dean’s feeling — reminds him of it. Usually, he’s fine though and he won’t do it because what good would it do anyway?
And Dean is so glad he kept his trench coat. Because even if it's still just in the trunk, it is the one thing constant in his life right now.
“Truly. What a spectacular thing,” Cas says dryly and they fall silent for the last few minutes of the drive.
His father’s eyes narrow, hand coming up to grab at Dean’s wrist. His fingers dig in harshly but Dean couldn’t care less. “This is my house and I will say whatever the hell I want. You on the other hand should watch your mouth.”
For a moment he considers that maybe Cas did manage to sneak off, that he drilled some sense into Dean’s father but the simple idea of it is already enough to make him laugh. His father wouldn’t fold like that, not in his own house, not after a single conversation, and especially not because of a virtual stranger, who happens to be his son’s boyfriend. There’s of course the option that his father is picking up on what this is doing to Dean. How he’s fallen back into habits he’d thought he’d shaken a while back but that have steadily been creeping back into his everyday life over the last few months. Not just the bad dreams, which never really stopped to begin with, but also the itch to go overboard with his actions, trying to keep everyone happy and Sam away, and locking doors because without a lock there’s no privacy anymore.
“Oh, Dean,” Cas says and then he’s there, solid and warm and wrapped around him and Dean digs his fingers into his back, feels the stiff fabric of his dress shirt bunch and scratch underneath his fingertips. He presses his forehead into Cas's neck and shoulder, wishing he could be closer than this, could burrow in his pocket and never leave. Cas in turn holds him, both arms slung over his shoulders, one hand twisted into the hair at the nape of his neck, the other a blazing pressure on his shoulder even through two layers of fabric. His nose nudges against the side of his head and Dean feels small and like a child and it’s been so long since anyone has held him like this, like he’d splinter further if left to himself. But even with the ache in his chest so unbearable, he feels grounded, feels safe right here. And while he cries until he can’t anymore, Cas's hold on him doesn’t waver once. There are no empty platitudes either, no
It takes a second until Dean actually processes the question, forcing down his traitorous thoughts, while he blinks, looks down at himself, and realizes that, yes, he’s wearing Cas's university shirt. And it has to be Cas's because Dean never once in his life bought one himself. The shirt’s old and so faded that the font and husky on it are barely legible anymore. It’s one of the shirts he stole during his Christmas visit because Cas used to sleep in it and it smelled like him. It’s a shirt that’s become his, so ingrained into his wardrobe that he didn’t even realize he’d put it on this morning, simply going for a color that fits with his flannel.
This time when he stops in the middle of his sentence, Dean doesn’t pick it back up. Instead, he swallows, wets his suddenly too dry lips. “I guess.”
So Dean says, “I promise,” and after a second adds “If I break that, you can have Baby,” just to see Cas laugh wetly and roll his eyes.
And well that hits a little differently, doesn't it? Because trying (and failing) to delete last night's message was one thing but Cas openly replying to his second post with a confirmation like that is a whole different story. A "We seriously need to talk about this" kind of story.
heavy but it’s made for children for Christ’s sake. The chains are cold with the chilly autumn air and bite into the skin of his palms. Next to him Cas's coat flaps in the wind when he pushes off lightly and swings back and forth a few times before just oscillating. And then Cas finally,
“Good. Now go back to being around people and keep up with the breathing. Can’t have two Winchester’s in the hospital at once.”
“Of course.” There's no question who 'he' is. There never was. Not the first time Dean brought it up, nor every time beyond that.
“Well, I haven’t gotten around to asking him what the hell he was talking about but it certainly wasn’t my letter. Because that was lying around in my father’s study since the end of February. Returned to sender. Illegible address.”
