In contrast, Sherlock slept as if he didn't have a care in this world, which John found hard to believe. He merely watched him with a mix of envy, annoyance and confused regret that did not seem to have any obvious source.
He stared down at his empty ring finger, feeling a bit off-guard by seeing it bare. The ring must be on the night stand along with his watch. He would put it on once he got home and then he would feel right again.
Emily rolled her eyes at him. "As if you don't know. I'm sure your Psy told you all about our little conversation yesterday."
He shook his head, brow furrowed, so John told him.
All he knew was the memory of Sherlock, freshly back from the dead and staring at John with eyes too big for his face as he begged for forgiveness in a tube car rigged with exlosives and the way his voice had broken when he had pointed out that John would still have a life with Mary if Sherlock hadn't come back at all.
Sherlock sighed against him, responding almost immediately, and John moved his lips a little, catching Sherlock's full upper lip between his and lightly sucking on it. Sherlock moaned and opened his mouth wider, crowding closer.
John breathed in Sherlock's reassuring scent and focused on his heartbeat which was barely elevated - clearly Sherlock was forcing himself to stay as calm as possible, knowing full well that John would be able to hear and smell any sign of unease coming from him immediately.
He reluctantly opened one eye, groaning lowly to announce to the world at large that he did not particularly cherish waking up at this time and would like to sleep a little longer.
*****
"Please, let me do this. Let me make it right."
"Sometimes I really wish you weren't quite so reasonable," Sherlock sighed, dropping his head to rest it on John's left knee. "We could cause so much chaos at the Yard."
"Oh, because you're never lost in thought!" John snorted in disbelief.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at him but John saw the corner of his mouth twitch in a hidden smile.
Of course, that last habit was the one that made John finally snap and excuse himself to go for a short evening stroll in Regent's Park. Anything to escape the tempting sight of those mussed curls. Seriously, how was he supposed to pretend everything was normal when this was what he was constantly being subjected to? It just wasn't fair.
Sherlock is studiously not looking at him. "Yes, well."
There is no mistaking the way they look at each other, though. Sally has rarely seen two people more in love. It makes her feel as if she is intruding on a private moment.
Someone groaned, it wasn't quite clear who - perhaps both of them - and John had some trouble extracting himself.
John took a moment to straighten his uniform, not at all surprised that it fit him perfectly, and then threw open the door and marched back out into the lab.
More bullshit, of course. His shields had always been good but that was it - good. They had never been anything exceptional until John had appeared in his life and Sherlock had found himself suddenly paranoid, terrified of what would happen to both him and John if anyone were to discover how quickly he had become attached.
And Sherlock knew he meant it, could feel John's joy and elation through the bond between them, felt his own helpless desire returned tenfold.
"Name it," Sherlock said, a guarded look on his face.
"I did manage to keep in contact for longer this time," he mused. "A full twenty-five seconds, I believe, and only because you pulled away. It seems I was correct and that further exposure will desensitise me to touch."
"I wouldn't go up there, Mr Sigerson!"
He shook his head with a snort as all the furniture returned to its place. "The truth is, I could throw you out of this window with less than a thought and make you smash into the building opposite hard enough to break every bone in your body. I could make this house fall apart around us. I could derail the tube trains running through this city - several of them simultaneously, actually. I could do untold damages entirely by accident if I lost control over my ability for even a second. What's a little pain and a nosebleed compared to that?"
Grief.
"I'm not moving from here," Sherlock informed him. "I don't care who it is, they can damn well talk to me while I'm lying down."
"...You moved out."
At 8:25pm, Sherlock Holmes arrives at the scene, according to himself and the information Sally manages to get from Mycroft.
The shot had reverberated through the room. It had made them all flinch but the silence that followed was worse.
Sherlock raised his gaze to stare at him, looking a bit drowsy. "Soulsher," he slurred, pointing at John. "Hurts."
John turned his head to stare at the vet with soulful eyes. Sherlock had no idea how he did it, but the woman visibly melted.
After two days of retracing their steps without any results, Sally decides to change tactics.
The smile that twisted Sherlock's lips could only be called bitter. "If you say so, I shall have to try harder to aspire to your expectations."
And for some reason he wasn’t surprised at all when Sherlock complied, ducking under the canopy of flowers. John stepped back to give him room and suddenly the two of them were behind the flowery curtain in a tiny, dim corner between the drooping flowers and the tree in the flowerbed they originated from.
They spent a perfectly lovely evening there, talking easily and happily about this and that, tentatively discussing potential honeymoon destinations, and lingering over dessert.
So they would have to wait for any sort of clue about Sherlock's whereabouts. Until then, he would keep the game going. He strongly suspected that Mycroft was keeping an eye on John. If John had a way of tracing his scent, surely he would be on his way already.
"The smaller ones are healing well," he murmured. "And I'm sure the others will fade in time."
One of them, his head at an unnatural angle, was clearly beyond help. The metallic stink of Psy and blood washed across Lestrade's senses and he wrinkled his nose, turning away to focus on the other Psy.
Sherlock nodded down at his pyjamas John followed his gaze and groaned. Of fucking course. He had forgotten about the camo pattern. And Sherlock was making a visible effort not to let his eyes linger.
Sherlock has always been there, following him around or standing by his side, a lanky shadow with a barely concealed smile on his lips and hope in his eyes.
The light in his eyes and the way his bottom lip trembled when John made his vows. The suspicious shine of tears and the slight tremor in his voice when he made his own.
"You made it so very easy to take an interest," the other Psy said, shrugging. "You are Psy, you could be part of the elite - and yet you chose this life, invented your own job when none suited your interests. You even tricked them into letting you practice music. I have never met anyone else who was so much like me."
Sometimes, when she's had an early shift, Lestrade sends her home no later than 5pm, dangling the idea of an evening spent with Mrs Hudson in front of her like a carrot. More often than not, Sally gives in. She knows he's right and she knows it won't help her or the case if she works herself to exhaustion.
Sally sighs. It's been a long day of chasing paper trails to nail down the Waters Gang and she really isn't in the mood for anything but her bed. "Will this take long?"
"We'll pack your jacket as well and maybe a scarf. Is there anything else you want?"
John dragged himself into the bathroom, brushed his teeth, washed his face and returned to the bedroom to get changed.
The worst thing, Sherlock thinks, is that he didn't even know he was standing in the rain until he was already drenched to the bone.
He wanted to reach out, touch John’s back, his arms, run his fingers through his hair, anything. But John had very firmly pushed his hands up and told him to keep them there, voice full of authority, and the heady thrill that had shot down Sherlock’s spine wasn’t something he was willing to forego.
"Good," John said, nodding emphatically. "That's good."
"You've been running through the park for half the day and getting petted for the rest of it," Sherlock pointed out. "Not to mention yesterday and the day before. It's high time for a bit of grooming."
Sherlock, having used the time they spent talking to examine the body more closely, got up. "I must say, Lestrade, this is the first time in months that you've actually been true to your word and given me a truly interesting mystery. Come along, John, time to take our enquiries elsewhere while we wait for the surveillance footage. Lestrade, text me when you get it, we'll meet you at the Yard."
"Ready?"
"I certainly think you're an idiot," Sherlock said smoothly. "He's clearly your man, you got that part right. But how it could have escaped your notice that he hid the goods beneath a fake bottom in his freezer is a mystery."
They went for their usual walk around the park before returning to the flat so Sherlock could gather the papers and equations he had worked on the previous night and then they were off to the Yard.
“Not for lack of trying, I might say,” Mycroft muttered and Sherlock winced. He had tried, at one point or another, to get at the money with the intention of spending it all on cocaine. Mycroft had pre-emptively denied him access then and somehow Sherlock hadn’t thought about it again since then, much as he hadn’t thought about it before desperation had nearly driven him to France. It seemed like a lifetime ago.
A moment later, his call was answered.
"Nothing much so far, I'm afraid," Sherlock replied. "I'm sure John has been keeping you up to date as far as the rules regarding ongoing investigations will allow."
John was almost glad he couldn't respond verbally, but he shifted a little closer to Sherlock all the same, offering comfort in the only way he could. It was quite enough.
*****
He made himself focus on the steady sound of the sea rolling in, the rush of the waves on the sand, the calls of the occasional seagull, the buzz of the bees in their hives.
In short, while John had ceased being human, it felt as if Sherlock had become more human in turn. Perhaps he always had been and this was the first time he was able to show it, but the end result remained the same.
"A very good one," John agreed. "Good luck."
He brushed the white fur on John's chest, admiring the neat diamond-shaped form of it. "Very symmetrical," he observed. "You really are an exceptionally handsome dog."
"His name is Redbeard," Sherlock said to the room at large, not turning around. "And he prefers having his ears scratched."
Holmes doesn't even require prompting to dash down the stairs and collect the turkey, absolutely refusing to let Mrs Hudson carry it upstairs herself. "You went to all this trouble, Mrs Hudson. Sit down and let Sally and me deal with the rest."
He didn't know how he had managed not to snap at John when he had brought up the bloody divorce again. Did John really know him so little? Was he that good at hiding or was John just that oblivious? Or perhaps he simply didn't want to see.
He pulled Sherlock back towards him, using his surprise to steer him along, and reached out with his other hand to drag him down so he could kiss him.
The line hit him right in the chest like a well-aimed gunshot had done once, knocking all the air from his lungs. He read on, read more, because to stop now would be to cease existing.
This was not the sort of fake kiss he had allowed his female friends to draw him into on similar occasions at the pub. This was different.
He rocked his hips again and John groaned. "Except of course for any off-balance walking on our part," Sherlock added, smirking. "You better get up and have a shower now unless you want to embarrass yourself. I give it another five minutes before Mrs Hudson comes up the stairs to wake us and insist we need to start getting ready."
Sherlock put a hand on top of his head. "Shh." And to the man he said: "Well, you can see what he thinks about that. So that's a no, I'm afraid. Have a good day. Come along, Johnny."
John barked and went into the sitting room, glad the door to the hall was always open. He bounded down the stairs, listened for Sherlock's movements, and waited. He didn't have to wait long for it to happen.
"That's not what you smelled, is it?" he asked and John shook his head but nudged his hand.
“Look!” John said, as if Sherlock wasn’t looking already. “I’m wearing a flower crown!”
Sherlock nodded, an odd expression on his face. Relief, definitely ... but that other emotion... John blinked. Was that disappointment? No, he must be mistaken. It couldn't be.
John sighed and listened to Sherlock's rapid heartbeat beneath him. "You need to solve this murder as quickly as you can."
John laughed. "You really, really don't. I'm sure some people will disagree with me but who gives a fuck about them? Your mum is going to be absolutely delighted if you show up in this."
Mrs Humperdinck's demeanour softened. "Oh, I am frightfully sorry, my dear. You should have said! If you can provide a death certificate for your husband, we can-"
"Let's stop talking about other people," John suggested, working his way down Sherlock's neck with his mouth and tugging at his t-shirt with both hands. "I'm more interested in the here and now."
He gave a dissatisfied whine and hopped onto the sofa to curl up on the cushions and eye the Sherlock-less room with a mournful expression.
"What was that about?," Sherlock asked as they climbed the steps to 221b together.
Following his outstretched hand to take in the mess that was the sitting room, John blinked. “Did you say you and Mrs Hudson?”
"I doubt they will be willing to share information," Arthur said, wrapping his arm around Eliza's waist. "The owner isn't even here. Off down in London or somewhere, I suppose. The police were here and interviewed us all but of course we didn't know the first thing about what had happened. It was quite a shock to come down in the morning and see a hearse pull away and police everywhere."
It was moments like this where Sherlock found himself wishing for Molly's ability. M-Psy were quite versatile, some of them capable of detecting heart conditions without the help of any technology, others capable of fixing tiny broken vessels in people's brains without invasive surgery. Others were simply good at determining what was wrong with a patient and left the actual treatment to others. And then there was Molly. There wasn't a single thing a human corpse could hide from Molly Hooper if she wanted to find it.
John couldn't do much more than huff and nod.
"Wha-?" John stared at him in utter surprise. "Of course I want this wedding, Sherlock! The entire wedding is happening in the first place because I wanted it."
With a flourish, he closed the map and threw it in the vague direction of the desks. "It makes me wonder why he didn't use his car or public transport or at least a cab."
"Well, that's why then," John sighed. "I was at work when you left, you idiot. When I came back, you were already gone."
Quickly and quietly, they worked their way through empty hallways and past long-abandoned baggage wagons until they reached the main hangar. More old vehicles, towering mountains of crates forming deeper shadows in the dark, a lot of free space in the middle.
So John explained. At length. His voice was muffled by the fact that he kept his face pressed to Sherlock's chest throughout but Sherlock would rather take a bullet than suggest he move as much as a centimeter.
The DI sighed and John heard him feed several coins into the vending machine outside the loos. "Yes, you did mention he wants to marry someone else. That still a thing?"
“Yeah, sorry. They actually look a bit better than they did the other night. Must be the light. Make a note for your spreadsheet to always keep the ceiling lamp on for this.”
*****
"Impressive," Sally says, leaning against one of the desks in the sitting room and crossing her arms in front of her chest. "John has been gone for what, two hours? And I bet you haven't moved since he went to work."
"What is it? Did you remember anything else?" Sherlock asked, coming closer to see what John had written.
Sherlock struggled into an upright position and accepted the glass of water and the fast-acting headache relief with a murmur of thanks.
"Well, it's more an actual murder, but yes."
They had just clicked, the two of them, slotting together like one of these cheap friendship necklaces you could buy everywhere. Sherlock had been brilliant and amazing and so much fun to be around, had given John a hundred reasons to live and a hundred more to enjoy doing so. He had made everything better just by existing and John had, even then, been afraid of what losing Sherlock might mean. Of course he would have married him, simply to have some sort of assurance that he would get to keep this wonderful madman in his life.
And Sherlock's imagination wasn't good enough to imagine him saying that. Not those three words that he had longed to hear for so long.
oblivious. He must know what he was doing to him, right?
"I see. Now, can I help you with anything?"
The same laughter slowly trickles out of John's expression and Sherlock wants to reach out, gather it up with his hands like so much water lest it run out.
John's mouth dropped open in scandalised horror.
Sherlock followed him, sinking into the chair opposite and feeling reminded of home. "Yes, let's. I've been meaning to update my dirt collection. The police can get their statement when we're back."
Sherlock walked through the front door of 221b with no little trepidation the next day. He had spent what was left of the night at Mycroft's place in the guest room that was always his, catching up on his sleep with Redbeard curled up against his back. If it had not been for his reassuring warm presence, Sherlock doubted he would have gotten any sleep whatsoever.
But John, thankfully, had turned his attention back to Sherlock’s back. His fingers once again traced the scars there, following the long lines of the whip lashes.
It was unlikely to be a client. There hadn't been a doorbell and no client would have waited this long without interrupting him. No client would have stayed for the apparent ramblings of a madman.
father and a dead mother?"
John Watson, army doctor, blogger and partner in crime-solving of one Sherlock Holmes, is lying flat on his back on the floor. He is surrounded by various Christmas decorations, tinsel, the tattered remains of a Christmas goose, bits and pieces of paper, bullet casings, pine needles and two empty glasses. There is a bundle of mistle toe hanging from the ceiling directly above his head and Sherlock Holmes' face pressed to his crotch.
John turns to Sherlock. "Well, good night then," he says.
John did, although the idea of the loud blow dryer wasn't a very happy prospect. Once again, there was nothing he could do but resign himself to his fate and he did so with a sigh.
Sherlock pretended to be busy rereading his case notes in his little notebook while he waited for John to finish his breakfast. He was glad that John knew he sometimes only held the notes in his hands for something to look at while sorting through the data in his mind palace, otherwise John surely would have inquired why he never turned the page. In reality, he was too busy trying to sort out his mixed feelings about John's reaction to being presented with breakfast in bed.
"I'm not sure about the ginger hair," Sherlock said, deadpan.
John shook his head and made himself ask: "Why didn't you tell me you are in love with me?"
Warm hands on his body, fingers stroking along his cheek and carding through his hair, trailing down his neck and roaming across his chest. He had never been touched that much in all his life. It was glorious. Unfamiliar, yes, but glorious.
*****
Which, admittedly, she had probably wanted to do anyway. Now that Sherlock thought about it, she had given in surprisingly easily.
Sherlock shrugged again and stood, brushing dust off the knees of his trousers. "Bad luck, I suppose. I would have called it a missed chance but that would imply that a chance ever actually existed, which it didn't. He simply wasn't interested."
Molly blushingly admits she'll spend it with her fiancé, causing an instant interrogation session and happily showing off her ring. She shows them pictures of Tom on her phone and although they share a knowing look, neither Sally nor Mrs Hudson comments on the obvious similarities between Molly's fiancé and Sherlock, though Sally does tease her a little for keeping him under wraps for so long.
He badgered Lestrade for cases instead and tried to lose himself in the work, solving all those little problems that the DI presented to him. They did not do much to keep him occupied but at least they provided enough of a diversion to keep the thought of cocaine far from his mind. That was the best he could hope for for the time being. It was also the best everyone else could hope for.
Sherlock hung up. "They'll be here first thing tomorrow. Gosh I do enjoy people knowing my name. It makes everything run so smoothly. I didn't even have to deduce him over the phone."
"We have hardly been out of each other's sight for longer than a couple of hours these past nine weeks," John noted. "Maybe some people won't think it's normal but I honestly can't stand the thought of being away from you for too long, either. Never have done. We have always been at our best when we were together."
The wine was still quite warm and deliciously spicy. John sighed happily. "Brilliant. Did you make it yourself?"
The man sitting in his leather armchair smiled benignly. "So I've heard, but I didn't expect you to be out at seven in the morning. My apologies."
Sally smiles at them both, wondering if it looks half as wicked as she feels. "We're going to get dirt on Mary Morstan. And then we're getting rid of her."
Before he knew it, they were outside their hotel and John was fishing the keys out of his jacket pocket and then they were inside.
It was easier than John had expected but he wasn't going to argue with Sherlock doing what he had asked him to. Instead, his mind snagged onto something else. "Can I see them?"
"I'll do my best," he said, biting back the dozens of other things he wanted to say. "If there is a way, I will find it."
“Mary...”
He shoved that thought aside, too.
He had never cared about the goat one way or another. He had only meant to provide John with a distraction for Christmas, something to get him out of London and take his mind off his divorce and all that led up to it.
Wordlessly, Sherlock opened his hand.
They aren't at home now, though. They are in a club, dressed to have a good time and staking out a suspect in one of Sherlock's private cases. They haven't had one of those that demanded more than Sherlock's keen gaze in a while and John is grateful for it. He's certainly grateful the Yard isn't involved in this one because the idea of any of them seeing Sherlock dressed like this makes his hands clench into fists.
“Brilliant,” John murmured in his ear and smeared his mouth across the curve of Sherlock’s shoulder blade, unable to deny himself the taste of his skin any longer. “God, Sherlock.”
"Where is John?" Sally asks, dumping her bag and foregoing any kind of greeting.
, this is what he has been waiting for. This is John's mouth on his and John's soft, thin lips and John's hot breath and clever tongue and right here, with John breathing into his mouth, Sherlock understands that he will never drown in this ocean.
"You're only getting those if you deserve them," Sherlock reminded him. "I'm sure the imbeciles at the Yard will try to make you do all sorts of tricks. Try to remember that you're a very well-trained dog."
"You know, getting on. Your mother complains she never gets to see you and your father says he doesn't want to see you unless you come back for good, preferably with a mate and cub in tow."
Smiling to himself, Sherlock stripped off his own jumper and vest and began to peel off the longjohns. He still had on pants underneath them - you really couldn't be too careful in these temperatures.
"That's nasty."
"That's not healthy, mate," Wiltshire said quietly.
They were woken hours later by an insistent pinging of John's datapad.
She sighed and held him tighter.
John groaned. "I think we've got enough death already. The last thing we need is a second, entirely separate, crime scene on top of the other."
John huffed. Of course he bloody knew! It itched horribly. He stopped, waiting for Sherlock to walk several paces ahead before shaking himself again, this time more violently. Some of the mud and drops of water flew off, but he wasn't optimistic enough to believe he had gotten rid of all of it.
It was a ridiculous thought, of course. Certainly Sherlock was fully capable of looking after himself and had done so for many years before their paths had crossed. Hell, he had even done a credible job of keeping himself alive while pretending to be dead for two years. Surely he would be fine.
It landed on the carpet about a foot in front of John with a soft 'thunk' and he approached curiously. Bone, definitely. The scent was extremely penetrating. Something to chew on, probably.
John nodded and stepped back, watching as Sherlock's arms fell to his side, limp and suddenly awkward, as if he didn't know what to do with himself.
Sherlock smiled and settled into John's armchair, letting one hand rest casually on John's hand.
John snorted at himself.
"What about Holmes?"
"Lube," John gasped. "Condoms."
"I'm as sane as always," John said and there was a hint of a growl in his voice. "Was there something you wished to say?"
John felt a spark of excitement as Sherlock opened the envelope and pulled out the photographs. He had almost forgotten that Mrs Hudson had taken pictures and now found himself curious to see what he and Sherlock had looked like together from an outsider's perspective. All the pictures Donovan had shown him on her phone had been of John alone.
John backed off, watching as his friend squinted into the gap.
*****
Instead, he had been weak, helpless against Sherlock's drunken advances as worry and arousal fought a fierce battle for his attention.
Sherlock tightened his grip on his hand. “John.”
"Can I close the window now or do you wish me to freeze to death first?" Sherlock asked from the sofa. "Bit of an overreaction, that form of punishment."
Mycroft bent down and lifted Sherlock into his arms.
Sherlock nods and they both turn towards the kitchen. John to go upstairs, Sherlock to (hopefully) go to bed as well. John can feel his best friend standing right behind him, brought close by John dawdling for reasons he can't quite explain even to himself.
"So that leaves the other members of the staff," John said. "Perhaps it was Harold."
He had barely hung up before his phone rang again. He didn't recognise the number but he didn't need to.
"As you should be," Sherlock said gravely. "I will not let you down, John. Never that."
The look Sherlock gave him was mildly exasperated. “I thought it was obvious,” he said, stepping back into the hallway and gesturing at the wall. “His picture hangs right here. Couldn’t ask for a better physical description really - it was clearly taken only a couple of months ago. You can see the Elizabeth Tower in the background with all the scaffolding around it, so it must be a recent photograph. I’m sure he’ll tell you his motive in great detail once you catch him. Was there anything else?”
She reads reports well into the night, re-watches the footage a million times, creates a precise timeline of the night's events.
She grinned. "Okay then."
"Brilliant," John said, beaming at him. "So who was it, then? Mr Hendriksen? He and his wife work here, either one of them could have hidden the money."
He had barely come to that conclusion when he was already pushing off the wall and hurrying after Sherlock. As much as he disliked confrontations of this kind, it would be better to just get it over with sooner rather than later, before either of them could find the time to say or do something stupid.
He saw the way John tilted his head. "Don't give me that look. Stabbing oneself in the back is perfectly possible, depending on how desperate one is to make it look like a suicide and how intelligent the person in question is. I was willing to admit it is unlikely last night, but considering this surprising twist, I will not take anything for granted now. No, I'll have to see the photos as soon as possible."
He waited for the older man to safely deposit the tea tray on the desk and sit down himself before he spoke.
"Very serious," John murmured against his mouth. "Unless you've changed your mind...?"
"It's, uh ... wow." He felt something warm slide down his throat and settle in his stomach, and for a moment wondered if he had absent-mindedly drunk a sip of tea. "This is really thoughtful of you, Sherlock. Thank you."
"I don't understand," he admitted. "If anyone finding out is so bad, wouldn't it be better for you to just drop out of the Net?"
Moriarty looked furious, which was an entirely unfamiliar sentiment to see on a Psy. Clearly this one was well beyond the reach of Silence. He had probably laughed at the idea that basic conditioning could ever fully contain him.
"So, how's the hubby situation?" the DI asked.
"... Nikita Duncan, Anthony Nightstar and Kaleb Krychek have taken over the PsyCouncil. In their first joint statement, they have announced a New Alliance with the changelings and humans, the Trinity Accords, and the fall of Silence."
"Yes of course." Sherlock rose from the floor and stood up straight. "Where do you want me?"
Lestrade nodded at that. "Good. I'm glad he listened to you."
Sherlock nodded, glad that John couldn't see his face just now. "I had a stash of cocaine hidden in my bedroom. I retrieved it all while you were in the shower and flushed it down the toilet in 221c."
No one should react like that to something as simple as someone else holding their hand. The very idea was as alien to him as emotion was to a Psy.
John, mind reeling from someone casually referring to Sherlock as his "husband" shook his head. "No ... no, he didn't die. Not really, I mean. Faked it, didn't he?"
So she follows him down the stairs without a word and shoves a tray with two large bowls of pigs in blankets and a large plate of Christmas cookies into his arms, thinking all the while that she never thought she'd see him look so domestic.
"I ... what the hell?" the DI said, clearly beyond words.
Finally, he settled on a nice classical piece with a bit of violin in it and tried to gather his concentration. It would not do to slip up now. Dancing, holding John close, his hands in Sherlock's hands, their bodies only a breath apart ... it was hard. Sherlock was very determined to make sure that
John, rising from his crouched position, blinked. "Uh ... sure."
"Don't be silly," Patricia gave a snort. "She's still broken up about that loser who left her at the altar in Guildford. Everything makes her cry these days. And she showed me a picture once - that Freddie had similar looks to her bastard fiance, so it hit her extra hard. All I can say is: If it had been him, then good riddance."
A moment later, her phone buzzes again.
"Sherlock?"
Apparently the officer decided to let this slide and get on with the interview instead. All the better - Sherlock was getting impatient.
"Fine, you're right," John said shortly and hid behind the menu.
Patricia was the first to catch on. "Your name isn't William Sigerson, is it?"
He looked at the goat again. It truly was huge. And quite well secured.
Molly sips from her massive mug. The kittens on it seem to eye Sally curiously. It makes her wonder if Holmes got to her more than she previously thought. "Your text sounded ominous. What's up?"
Sherlock looked rather overwhelmed at this idea but John wasn't done. He had some ideas of his own.
It was half an hour past midnight when Sherlock returned to the Yard, looking tired and haggard. He sank onto a chair and closed his eyes, either unaware of the questioning stares people were throwing in his direction or deliberately ignoring them. His dog sprawled on the floor by his feet, resting his head on Sherlock's right shoe.
"We've been using Scrabble tiles to communicate," Sherlock informed him. "It takes a while for him to arrange them, of course, and proper syntax is not high up on the list of priorities, but it works just fine."
"So basically we have nothing," John said. "No suspects. No evidence. Just a dead changeling and an
He's sinking back onto his heels before his actions really catch up with him but any apology dies on his lips at the sight of Sherlock's startled fan. John can't help himself. He winks at the man, the corner of his mouth lifting just enough to imply that yes, this one is his.
John hesitated. They were at a crossroads. He could open one of the other flasks of tea or ... well, Sherlock had wanted a distraction, too, hadn't he?
Sherlock still hadn't moved.
"Experiment. I'm measuring the effects of cyanide on the time until moulding of different types of fruit."
Weronikia laughed. "Henryk, my love! Don't make me blush."
And it wasn't just because Sherlock was still clinging to his arm.
"Evening," she replies and nods at the microscope. "New case?"
“God, your hands,” John murmured. “How do you do that?”
Sherlock smiled into the curve of John's neck. "Maybe the Yarders will oblige us at some point, if quite by accident."
"Murder, embezzlement, another murder ... oh, this is shaping up to be very interesting indeed!" he exclaimed.
It was a beautiful place, John had to admit.
Sherlock looked as if John had slapped him and he instantly felt sorry for not having stopped after
No, that was his mind playing tricks on them. The crackling noise was still audible and he could see the steam - no, he realised. The smoke.
Sherlock opened his mouth, closed it again - and didn't respond. John noted he also didn't comment on the 'partner'-thing but that was probably because Sherlock simply did not understand that Mrs Hudson had not meant it in regards to a work relationship.
"You may have noticed that my lifestyle is not what anyone would deem 'safe'. People frequently wish me harm. Humans, Psy, changelings. No Psy can break through my mental shields unless they go to a lot of effort, though they might have other ways of causing me harm, and no human could possibly hope to overpower me. Changelings, on the other hand, are very physical fighters and have impenetrable mental shields. If I find a predator in the sitting room, I should like to know if I may expect an attack."
Up to now, John had not thought that this was a problem Sherlock ever had to deal with, but apparently he had been wrong about that.
"We are dealing with a Psy serial killer," he told his brother. No point to beating around the bush. "He has killed various changelings and Psy and has now taken to taunting me and John in private messages."
*****
Taking his silence for refusal or doubt, John elaborated. “It’s just ... it helped. You being there. Feeling your pulse. It kept me grounded. I didn’t have a single nightmare. No dreams at all that I can recall, in fact. But it’s fine if you don’t ...”
Sherlock let out bitter little laugh. "You'll never see him again. And this wasn't the way. I could have told you, had you asked. I could have saved you all of this. Forgiveness does not come easily to John. Did you think stealing his daughter and luring him to you would make him stay? He would have hunted you to the ends of the earth. And when you least expected it, he would have destroyed you and taken her home. Though I suppose I shouldn't judge you for miscalculating. John is unpredictable at the best of times. Even so ... he was never one to accept bribery or extortion."
Clearly they were going to be fine. He could take his eyes off them for a moment, though it was difficult not to soak up every second. John forced himself to go into the kitchen and put the kettle on. He didn't waste any time offering Sherlock food. He had just come from Mrs Hudson, after all, and likely wouldn't require food until the next evening.
And then there was that other sensation ... the mere hint of an idea of the kind of agony he would have felt when faced with the evidence of John and Mary’s mutual love, walking and talking and entrusted to him for safety.
"You can?"
"Thank you," John murmured against his shoulder, gave him one last squeeze and stepped back, smiling at him. "For organising all this just because I asked. I couldn't have hoped for a better best man."
Sherlock takes a breath, finally raising his gaze to meet John's eyes. His stare is intense.
"You're certain the killer is male?" John asked.
It's early December and the weather has turned cold and miserable. Sally spends her days at work or curled up in her flat with Dante, reading books. And of course there are her weekly meetings with Molly and Mrs Hudson.
Sherlock stared at him, wide-eyed.
“... yes.”
He wrenched open the door and strode into the hallway, just in time to see John stumble through a similar door down the hallway, a hand over his mouth. Sherlock glanced around, reached for the nearest vaguely bucket-shaped object and rushed down the hall towards him, shoving the thing - a large, empty waste bin - into John’s arms.
He blinked at her.
"He'd rather have anyone but you."
He couldn't drop out of the Net. They did not have a mating bond. Sherlock had never so much as hinted at feeling any sort of sentiment directed at John. His physical reaction didn't count - a body so inexperienced when it came to touch would react to anything and anyone if the situation was consensual.
And how was it possible for Sherlock to have "dust in places even a medical man wouldn't expect"? Dust wasn't like sand that somehow got under all your clothes - it tended to cling to the first bit of fabric it encountered instead.
He trailed off but John didn't need him to finish the sentence to know. The Council would kill them both.
I concur.
Mary was silent for a long time. When she finally spoke, she sounded as if she was trying very hard to sound supportive but couldn't quite hide the bitterness underneath. "Of course. Well, you've got a key. Try not to wake me when you get home."
"You didn't answer my call," the DI pointed out. "After how eager Sherlock was for information, I thought he'd be glued to his phone."
Affection. How strange it felt. How strange it was to finally be able to show it so easily, to display it without hesitation, without fear of being rejected.
Sherlock thought miserably and just barely managed to restrain himself to a clipped “Yes”.
John looked almost painfully relieved, managing another half-smile. “Guess we’re going to work sitting in our armchairs tomorrow,” he said. “Instead of sitting on the floor. We’re getting too old for this.”
To see Sherlock, of all people, seem so vulnerable was like a stab to John's heart.
Sherlock watched him warily but when nothing continued to happen, he finally allowed himself to start eating. They would have to have this conversation eventually and he wasn’t looking forward to it. Every single moment had diffused into nothing, had left him reeling and uncertain while John acted as though nothing had happened at all. And if that was the way he was going to deal with this, by pretending ignorance, then that in itself was a sufficiently clear answer.
John settled down on his bed, careful not to disturb Rosie, and leaned against the headboard.
Sherlock felt his smile widen. "I was just thinking that this is real."
He must have stood there for quite some time, unmoving, staring at nothing where a dog had been, because quite suddenly there was John's hand on his arm, giving a gentle squeeze that was in no way comparable to the very same gesture coming from his brother earlier that day.
He looked around. Donovan had almost soundlessly landed on the roof, having circled the building once, looking for windows, trying to get a glimpse of what was going on inside. She gave him a nod. All clear.
That made sense. John sighed. "Figures. Ah well, thanks for letting me know, Haley."
John wished there was an off-switch for that voice. It was annoying and confusing and telling him things he very much didn't want to hear or think about. It made him want to reach out and bury one hand in Sherlock's hair just to find out what it felt like. It made him want to do things he could never take back, things that were so far outside the context of friendship they didn't deserve to be named in the same sentence. He fought them off, all of them, but the want stayed.
John did a small half-hop to raise himself on his hind legs, his front paws pressed to Sherlock's thighs, and nudged at his chest where his phone was secure in the inner pocket of his suit jacket.
John ignored the way his chest tightened at the sight. It was not his place to interfere.
"By looking."
Molly nodded at them both. "I will see you shortly in the morgue."
*****
He would have to make them count.
John nodded emphatically.
"Nothing," she said innocently.
John grinned. "I think that can be arranged."
"Sherlock... can I kiss you, Sherlock?" He drew back a little, had to see his face, watch the words land.
"I used them to measure the temperatures inside a decaying pig last week."
John got up, stretched and hopped off the sofa, already moving toward the door.
Sherlock took a deep breath. "Because there's a GPS tracker hidden inside her bee."
That was a dangerous question to ask and Sherlock wished John would take it back. In the end, he settled for the easy way out. "Of course, John. I do trust you, after all."
The footsteps have died away, down another side street.
John nodded. "Yes. I am."
"Does ... does that mean we don't have to hide anymore?" John finally asked, finally starting to process the news.
"He's John Watson's flatmate," Tyson added, the first neutral words Sherlock had heard him speak so far.
Sherlock shook his head but it was Mycroft who replied. "Unnecessary. The bullet just grazed him."
Sally shrugs. "You heard me. I think it would be a good idea. We have so many cold cases from the past two years, solving some of them will please the Commissioner no end."
John made a face. “God, that’s ugly. And don’t get me started on the Barbican.”
"Common decency?"
The old cook smiled at him. "Just keep that in mind, will you? It's so rare to find someone who truly loves you these days."
"Well then," Wiltshire said, yawning. "I guess I'll get back inside, try to get some shut-eye. Have a good night."
Side by side, they lost themselves in the maze that was the massive Westfield Shopping Centre once more. The excursion had done wonders for John's mood and he felt decidedly light and happy. Every now and then he stole a sideways glance at Sherlock to find the hint of a smile hovering around the corner of his mouth. It looked a bit mischievous.
Sherlock allowed himself a wide, honest smile. "I knew you'd see sense eventually, John. You're welcome."
Sherlock nodded. "Agreed. He is a feasible option, though we have nothing that points in his specific direction, and I haven't seen enough of the rest of the staff to come to any particular conclusions about them one way or another. We will have to wait and see."
"Shields," Sherlock said. "Mental shields like steel traps around your head. This is why I think the Psy victims are low gradient. Anyone of a high gradient has shields that are close to impossible to penetrate."
John had come home half an hour ago and had disappeared into the bathroom for what he called a relaxing bath and what Sherlock called a waste of time and resources for no discernible benefit. A simple shower was much more efficient than lying down in a tub of water, there were no two ways about it. And yet, whenever they had had this discussion, John had refused to see reason and had in fact told Sherlock to 'pull that stick out of' his behind - one of those odd figures of speech humans and changelings liked to use. And then he had locked himself in the bathroom and had a bath.
The Psy said nothing, clearly aware that there was no point in trying to deny it.
His hands come up unbidden, mirroring Sherlock's own, and he lets his thumbs stroke along those impossible cheekbones.
"It's a ring," he said slowly. "One example of the large variety of jewellery available to humans."
John shifted in his sleep, one of his hands moving into a different position and trailing down Sherlock’s side as it did so to come to a rest at his hip. He shivered and tensed but John slept on and Sherlock gradually relaxed into his touch.
Everything else could wait.
"Right. Yeah, sorry. I just ... got lost in thought."
He lifted his head just in time to see two darker shadows detach themselves from the hedges on either side of the path and move to block Sherlock's path. One of them greeted him in the traditional London way:
"Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade, Scotland Yard. I have some-"
With a huff, he shoved the phone at John who barely had time to catch it. "Mycroft?"
John grinned, amused by the idea of anyone calling Sherlock 'sir', and climbed into the back-seat, moving along it to make room for Sherlock.
By the time he reached his front door, he had made up his mind to talk to her about it tonight. Yes, it was a bit of an abrupt one-eighty but John wasn't the sort of person to stall once he had made up his mind. That was how he had gotten into this mess in the first place, with his hasty proposal, fuelled by hurt feelings. That wasn't a proper basis for a marriage and he was going to fix that.
John looked surprised. "Really?"
Nodding to himself, John reached for the thermos flask Sherlock had indicated earlier and began to fill the mugs they had brought.
"That's it? We don't know a thing about each other and now we're looking at a flat?" John demanded. He didn't like others making decisions for him, never had, and his cat was bristling at the thought of taking orders from a stranger, and a Psy nonetheless.
He carefully lifted each of John's paws and rinsed between his toes and under the soles of his paws. "We'll have to cut your claws, too, I see, once you're dry. Don't give me that look, Mrs Hudson will scold us both if you leave scratch marks on the floor."
"If you want," he sighed and made a sweeping gesture at them. "Have at it, Johnny."
"I should get going," John says, tearing her from her thoughts. "Mary will be wondering and there's no signal down here."
"He sent me a text just before you left."
It's an easy promise to make. After all that they have seen and done and said and been through, this is the truest thing he has ever said or done or felt.
He barely managed to get in past the first knuckle before he started to come, gasping and shouting as it swept through him, taking him completely by surprise.
Now she's sitting in the familiar kitchen, Christmas music softly playing from the radio in the corner, and the scent of Christmas cookies intensifying as they finish baking in the oven.
"I told you all I knew about them when we first saw them," Sherlock defended himself.
Sherlock sniffed. "Don't be ridiculous, John. I merely didn't wish to bother you with the minor details. Of course, the number of minutes might still change depending on the conditions on the day, on whether or not everyone is on time and if the weather will allow for-"
“That’s impossible,” John said, shaking his head. “Why would she... how could she...?”
Sherlock didn’t reply, simply returned John’s embrace and held on tight. Perhaps that in itself was already response enough.
They stood in silence for a couple of seconds and then Sherlock blurted: "I'm losing him."
*****
Sherlock rolled his eyes at him. "Don't be stupid, John. I asked earlier, but you wouldn't answer."
They're fake-wrestling. It's not about the murder itself as much as it is about Sherlock's determination to find out just how exactly the victim got his bruises where he did.
The shift rippled through him, the pleasure-pain of the transformation a joy he had gone without for too long.
*****
John had only just found out about their marriage and already he wanted a divorce. Well, perhaps Sherlock shouldn't be so surprised. But then again, deep down, he had hoped that John might remember. It wasn't as if Sherlock had coerced him into it, after all.
Sherlock allowed himself the indulgence of watching him sleep for a couple of minutes, committing the sight to memory. Who knew if he would ever get to see this again?
"There's a good boy," Mrs Hudson said, automatically falling into the trap of talking to John like he wasn't capable of understanding complex sentences.
“Yes.” Sherlock said and thought
It was all the more reason to be furious with himself for letting things get so far out of hand last night. He hadn't been prepared for his flatmate suddenly making a pass at him and as years of longing had rushed to the surface John had been helpless to push him away immediately, as he should have done.
John made a choked noise and kissed him again. "I won't let it destroy you," he whispered fiercely. "I won't let it hurt you for even one more second."
With no other option, Sherlock followed him. There was no point trying to be quiet; the sound of clawed paws on the wood was impossible to miss.
He stripped off his pants as well and climbed in. If Sherlock wanted to have a closer look, he would just have to come and join him.
Sherlock's gaze landed somewhere just beyond John's ear. "I have some conditions."
John's approach, though not recommended by experts, was to send Mary home with promises to sort this mess out immediately, jump into a cab and head to 221b Baker Street, a place he had technically promised himself not to set foot in anytime soon, and barge right through the door in a fury that would have been towering if only he had been half a foot taller.
He held up the brush so John could see the hairs caught in it. "I'm going to add them to my collection in the bathroom."
“I’m taking that as a no, then,” Lestrade said, glancing at Sherlock. “I suppose you didn’t know, either?”
It was an unnecessary thing to say - they were still warm and Sherlock could smell them. It made his stomach clench and he tried to remember when he had last eaten. He thought he vaguely recalled a slice of toast but couldn't be sure when that had been or if anything had accompanied it.
"You may complain all you like, but I know you wouldn't miss playing for me for the world," Mrs Hudson says seriously. "Do be serious, Sherlock."
John didn't listen to what Sally said in reply, too busy sniffing at Sherlock's hands and trying to figure out what he had been up to. The autopsy, of course, but there were other, weaker scents that were much harder to analyse through the haze of disinfectant. Some of them smelled of chemicals, so he assumed Sherlock had been working in the lab again.
Sherlock made an outrageously swooping gesture with his arm, still clutching the empty glass, and John had to duck to not get hit in the face. "Jeez, maybe I'd best take you home and you can tell me all about that brilliant idea of yours tomorrow. I might even let you have an Advil or two if you're nice."
"I ... longer," Sherlock managed, his throat clicking as he swallowed. "I don't know about you but ... for me ... always, John, I ..."
Perhaps, he admitted in the privacy of his own mind, he had left the laptop in his bedroom on purpose after all. It was a perfect excuse to get away for just a couple of seconds, to regroup, to reinforce his defenses. Until John had made him best man and by default included him in all the preparations, Sherlock had never thought that his best friend's wedding would feel like a siege. He certainly hadn't expected that it wouldn't be the bride who was the invading army.
John shrugged. "You're all connected in the PsyNet, yes? Mind to mind? Wouldn't dissonance, which seems to happen in your head, have a ripple effect or at least be noticeable to others in the Net?"
John stared at him, delightfully shocked by this newly discovered side to his friend. He licked his lips. "I think ... I think that can be arranged."
Sherlock's eyes narrowed in suspicion. "In what way? Was I being polite?"
“Come on,” he said, reaching out a hand to help pull John from his chair. “Let’s finish this list of suspects and send it off to Lestrade so he has something he can work with. You’ve edited out so many of the names in your blog, there’s no way he could use it for any reliable sort of reference for his investigation.”
"Oh yes."
"The police already called for a doct-"
There was no warning, no awkward "May I?" with half-raised arms. John simply took the two steps needed to reach Sherlock and pulled him into a strong hug. It felt as if John was trying to put all of Sherlock's scattered pieces back together just by holding him tight until they got the message and glued themselves back into place.
He thinks he needs to get out of here, fast, before-
They returned home after Sherlock had belittled Lestrade for another series of smaller cases he really should have solved on his own and the ensuing arguments had ceased.
"Ugh."
Sherlock was cursed - according to his brother - with a thirst for knowledge about everything.
Take the Christmas tree for example.
"It was a good idea to get out of the house for a while and leave him to his mood," she continued, unperturbed. "You haven't been apart since you left for Dartmoor. I suppose after a while you do want your space no matter how much you love the person you're with. Lord knows I had days where I didn't want to see either hide or hair of my husband for fear I might throttle him the moment he made a sound."
"Well, I never say no to your tea," Mr Holmes says warmly. "And I'm afraid we're not going to leave without my wife interrogating your guest now."
*****
"Let the healer and her children enjoy the game. A couple of hours won't change anything for us."
God, he missed him already.
He turned his attention back to an interesting plant he hadn’t seen before when John called his name, sounding amused.
"I shifted," John explained. "For the first time since Afghanistan, I allowed myself to be fully me. Both sides of me. I was finally ... whole. And all of me loved you. Loves you. And you needed me and you felt-
“Always.”
"Sometime early Wednesday morning the police said." Patricia's eyes were gleaming with the joy of interesting gossip.
"Yes, mum." Sally hesitates, then adds: "Why don't you come over the next time I've got time off so you can see for yourself?"
He stalked towards them, grabbed John by the hand and turned him around before taking his face in his hands and kissing him right there in the middle of the pack's community area. He kissed him and kissed him and kissed him, until they were both breathless and he could barely hear anything over the roaring in his ears.
"No. I'm trying to hold on for as long as I still can. I thought if I could just get him out here, just the two of us, he'd realise he doesn't need anyone else."
"Huh?"
He firmly shut the door on that train of thought once more, adding several bolts for extra security.
He writes lullabies for Rosie and plays them on his violin. He writes lullabies for John, too, and doesn't quite dare to explain the difference to him.
There was only one source of light in the room, hidden behind a pile of wooden crates. They looked sturdy and John marked their position in case they might turn out useful later. The voice had come from somewhere behind them.
Sherlock blinked. "Pardon?"
Everyone else followed her example, eyeing all the others with suspicion.
The detective did, refocusing his eyes with a blink and staring down at John. His pupils were huge.
And so it continues.
He stuffed the lead into one of his coat pockets, shoved his arms under John's unresisting body and unceremoniously lifted him up.
Mrs Hudson tutted, sitting down on the armrest of John's chair and ruffling his fur. "Pish-tosh, Sherlock. Finding every person in London who litters! You could arrest half the population and still not make a difference."
He wrapped his arm around John to hold him close and brushed his lips across his temple, amazed that he was allowed such a thing now.
John has learned to cherish quiet evenings.
John tilted his head and tried to look innocent.
Catching sight of more people entering the room, he held up a hand to stop John's inevitable response. "The entire conversation is beside the point, anyway. I have no interest whatsoever in the waiter-"
"The killer would need to know how to differentiate not only between changelings but also between changelings in their human and animal form. To see a Dove flying over you and to then find the changeling in question is a tall order."
“You let me sleep,” Sherlock noted. He tried not to sound accusing but he thought it might have come out that way anyways.
Harry laughed out loud. "Oh, I like your mate, Johnny. He's a keeper."
Lestrade came barging through the door forty-five minutes after Sherlock's text arrived on his phone. "Sherlock? Sherlock, where are you? For fuck's sake, if you've gone off somewhere-"
But while the changelings around him smiled at the thought that their own packs had a similar structure connecting them, Sherlock heard the message she had not been able to bring herself to say out loud.
It was fine, as far as John was concerned. He wasn't putting too much weight on it and ignored what little pain he felt from the injury. Part of him wondered if perhaps dogs simply healed faster or if it was due to his having been turned into one, but most of him was focused on getting outside and finding a convenient tree.
"And you didn't say a word."
"I can't help you," Sherlock said softly. "Not this time. You've lost too much blood already. There is no coming back from this."
he reminded himself firmly.
And John took full advantage of the opportunity given to him.
This was John, after all, and petting John was not something he would have ever considered.
"Yeah," he admitted. "Longer than I wanted to admit even to myself. But it's always been true, even when I was busy denying it. Part of me always wanted this."
He reached out and pulled John back on top of him and they both cursed softly as their bodies pressed together, chest to chest.
They had barely reached the entrance of the park when Sherlock's mobile went off. Frowning, he pulled it from his coat pocket. "What is it?"
Stalling for time, John raised his cup to his lips and took a careful sip, making sure to keep his eyes on his friend. "Is this you trying to intimidate me? Because we both know I could have you flat on your back in two seconds."
"Tell me when we arrive," he said. "I'm checking the Net to see if anyone saw anything useful."
He stood and followed her out the door, the trays with the victims' brains floating in his wake. Molly sent him an appreciative smile and then wiped every expression off her face when they heard steps approaching around the corner. Her smile was a reminder that Molly, too, was waiting. And that for some reason, she seemed to have decided that Sherlock was someone whom she could trust with that knowledge. Perhaps, he thought, she had looked at him and seen something everyone else missed. He wasn't concerned - if there was anyone who wouldn't out him for going against the Protocol, it was Molly.
He swallowed around the lump in his throat and made himself speak. "I'm just ... really happy to see you."
"Will you explain about skin privileges now?" Sherlock asked in an obvious attempt to change the topic.
They reached the crime scene just as the twenty minutes Sherlock had promised Lestrade were up, and the DI hurried forward to greet them. "Sherlock! That was quick." He spared a glance down at John. "And I see you brought company." He held out a hand for John to sniff, ignoring the way Sherlock's eyebrows rose in surprise at the display of acting skill.
John moaned and dropped his head forward, resting his forehead against Sherlock's clavicle to watch the movement of his hand in the water.
"It's because you don't stink of metal," Sherlock said absently, still examining the sample under the microscope. "He says the really cold Psy, the ones who are beyond hope of ever feeling anything, smell like cold metal. The changelings all hate it."
Sherlock nodded. "Yes, yes. A lot of dust, hardly disturbed. I noticed there was less dust over there but Mr Hendriksen told me that the victim was up here about three months ago, fixing the wiring."
He reached out and grasped Sherlock's gloved hand in his, pulling him to a stop and turning so they stood facing each other. "No more, Sherlock."
' later, he returned with a bowl of fresh popcorn.
Still, he couldn't help but feel a bit anxious when he climbed out of the car Mycroft had provided to take him to Baker Street.
. He couldn’t get over that fact. He had almost snogged the man in Kew Gardens, like a hormonal teenager who just couldn’t exercise any self-control whatsoever.
The detective is a heap of misery on the sofa, where John can keep an eye on him. The only visible part of Sherlock is his unkempt hair, sticking to his sweaty forehead in places. The pile of blankets covering him trembles slightly as he shivers in his sleep.
Sherlock's warm mouth on his, those soft lips parted in surprise, the shape of that devastating cupid's bow against John's lips... he moaned and pressed closer.
It can't have been more than a week between the blog posts and the events John describes in them. He used to be quite fast about writing up the cases he and Sherlock worked on.
*****
"It's all right," John said again. "Come on, slowly now. Breathe with me."
But Sherlock was shaking his head. "I'm sorry, John. I'm not... strong enough to stay here and see you all the time."
Sherlock moaned, for the first time able to fully enjoy the contact without having to worry about pain or anyone finding out about what they were doing. For now, they were safe.
For one crazy moment, John wanted to pull Sherlock closer and kiss him. He balled his hands into fists instead. He was getting married in three days, now was not the time for these silly old feelings to resurface. They weren't welcome, anyway.
"Cuddling," John said, smirking. "They call it cuddling."
"Can you get in on your own?" Sherlock inquired, startling him from his thoughts.
"Uncomfortable?" John echoed. "What about me being
"Tell me something."
"Circumstances are not always in our favour," Mycroft Holmes says, twirling his umbrella. It's not really an answer. It isn't anything.
"I have seen you reaching out for me and drawing your hand back before you could initiate contact a thousand times these past five months. I want you to stop holding back. While we're here in the flat, I want you to take my hand, clap me on the shoulder when I do not expect it, nudge me out of your way, whatever else you can come up with."
John woke to the certain knowledge that something, somewhere, had somehow gone wrong.
Sherlock grimaced.
"I want to snog you silly everywhere, all the time."
The response he got was the huff and wheeze that he knew was supposed to be a laugh. He missed John's real laugh, the one he sometimes managed to startle from him in particularly ridiculous moments with high amounts of adrenaline coursing through their bodies. It had been far too long since he had last heard it.
Sally was all too happy to follow this particular command. "You've lost your mind."
The night was surprisingly warm and smelled of coconuts, thanks to the blooming gorse bushes growing on the hills all around the Inn. John breathed in deeply as he followed Sherlock along the building and around two corners until they reached the entrance to the kitchen. This was where the groceries from the village some eight miles off got delivered to twice a week and this was where the body of the concierge had been found, stabbed to death and covered in blood. Whoever had done the deed had left the door open but no footsteps behind. That was as much as Sherlock had managed to glean from the crime scene pictures, much to his annoyance. He had spent the better part of the car ride complaining about that circumstance and the general lack of professional behaviour that was to be found in rural police officers and their hangers-on.
"Bye," Sherlock said through a jaw-cracking yawn and stumbled towards his bedroom. Someone had changed the sheets in his absence, he noticed vaguely. When his head came to rest on his pillow, he was already asleep.
Sherlock gasped and jerked as John's leg brushed against his obvious erection. It was too soon for that, they both knew it. "Sorry," John murmured. "Let me..."
You can't die from a wound that only exists in your mind.
Sherlock nodded to himself and settled back in his chair.
The hot house did its name justice. A massive building made of glass and beautifully wrought iron and steel, it was filled to the brim with plants of all kinds, creating a lush jungle so far from the equator. The air was stifling and extremely humid, as could be expected, and the smell of thousands of plants and flowers hung in the air, thick and sweet.
Something occurs to her, then. "I feel I should apologise for suspecting you," she says slowly, awkwardly. "You have been relieved of all suspicion, but I was justified for thinking you had something to do with all these crimes. I'm still sorry it went as far as it did, though."
They looked at each other across the table.
“Maybe you can take me with you tomorrow, then,” John said. “I’d like to see that. Might come in handy if I go back to work and a patient walks in with a nasty bite after a visit to the zoo.”
He preceded Sherlock back to the couch and poured a generous amount of punch into his glass. It caused a pleasant warmth to spread in his body and a slight buzz in his head. Perfect.
Sherlock waited. It was early morning and he was surprisingly tired and currently trying not to doze off on a park bench.
It wasn't the first time Mrs Hudson had caught him in the midst of a panic attack and she had only needed to be warned once that touching him while he was in the midst of one was not a good idea. His reflexes, honed by two years on the run from various criminal organisations, were not suited for casual touch while his mind was shutting down. He still felt guilty every time he thought about how bruised her wrist had looked from where he had grabbed hold of her arm.
John quickly looked around to make sure none of the Yarders were around to pay them any attention before ducking into the small cubicle.
It wasn't much but it was something to hope for. It would be enough to see him through.
Sherlock ignored him and turned towards John, finally looking him square in the eyes. "Because I put it there myself."
"Beg pardon?"
Why would he tell her about any of it? Why would he confide in her, trust her with this kind of information? What the hell does he expect her to do about it?
John stood and crossed his arms. "Well, I suppose we'll find out which it is soon enough."
They continued on their way, walking past the left turn they usually took to return to the flat. John made sure to watch his step in case there were any further glass shards on the ground and when Sherlock gave a low chuckle he looked up in confusion. "I doubt you will step into another shard, John. But interesting that you decided to watch out for them now when the possibility of glass didn't bother you in 'our' part of the park."
John rolled his eyes at him and nudged the box towards him again.
Sherlock shrugged, biting his lip in pleasure. "It never seemed to make much of a difference."
"Sherlock?"
If they continued at this speed, John thought, he might be living with a person capable of understanding basic human interaction by this time next year.
Sherlock was about 98 percent certain that he had never before been so surprised in all his life. Granted, there had been that incident with the octopus at the London Aquarium once and the thing with the fire-extinguisher and the boiling eggs when he was younger, but nothing had ever surprised him quite as much as turning around with the full expectation of seeing John Watson and finding himself staring at a dog instead.
"Fine," Sherlock said shortly, still a bit tense after the DI's earlier comments. "He has adapted impressively well and seems quite content with the situation."
There was a longer pause, longer than Sherlock would have expected. John wasn't stupid and also a figment of his imagination, he shouldn't need this long to respond.
Sherlock blinks at him. "Wha-? No. God, no!" He looks horrified at the idea. "I'm not leaving again. Not ever."
"No reason to get my trousers all wet," Sherlock grumbled good-naturedly. "Wait here."
*****
"There," Sherlock said. "I have had breakfast and tea. Can I at least take a shower and get dressed before you decide to bully me into anything else?"
They pushed open the door and approached the receptionist's desk. "Hello," Sherlock said, taking the lead just as they had agreed upon on the ride here. "I have booked a double room for the week."
“Sorry,” he murmured and tried to withdraw his hand. He only made it an inch or two before his brain registered what his nerve endings were telling him and he promptly froze again, then carefully spread his fingers. Sherlock tensed further beneath his touch.
"Still. Text me."
He returned to his previous position and reached for John's hand again.
John shrugs. "Just because. I'm ready now. Tell me."
"Been a while since I last saw him in such a bad shape," Lestrade commented softly. "He always seems invincible."
He couldn't identify the emotion in John's voice. Sympathy? Pain? Grief? Exasperation?
He seemed to shrink before Sherlock's eyes, head ducked and shoulders drawn in, making himself smaller. It was unbearable to watch.
John laughed a little, even as he felt tears sting his eyes. It was fine. It was dark and it was just Sherlock. He was allowed this.
“I just saw him,” Sherlock said, rolling his eyes. “His bedroom upstairs is currently uninhabitable.”
Instead, all he could do was lie here in the dark and pretend his heart wasn't set on beating its way out of his chest.
Hidden assassins pointing guns.
Meanwhile, Sherlock sat cross-legged on the floor, his eyes open but unfocused as he added yet another layer of shields to his mind. Every now and then, John could see his eyes flare. By now, he knew it meant the Psy was using a large amount of power.
There would be no arguing about this. He didn't care what anyone in the world had to say about this. John was his and he was John's and that was all that mattered.
*****
It felt decidedly odd to leave the house without John by his side. They had hardly parted since Baskerville. In fact, apart from the one time he had asked Donovan to take John to the park and the notable incident where John had decided to take Mrs Hudson for a walk, there had been not a single incident where they had gone anywhere without the other.
This wasn’t going to take long and they both knew it. John wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s cock and they both groaned at the sensation of his fingers closing around hot, hard flesh.
He's on the sofa in his dressing gown, pyjama bottoms and a ratty old t-shirt - the outfit seems designed to make him look like a student at some posh public school and he definitely looks like he's 17 years old at most.
Finally, when breathing became an absolute necessity, he pulled away and slumped forward, pressing his head to John's trembling thigh and taking deep, heaving breaths.
The day of the renewal of their vows dawned bright and early, though neither of them noticed. They had been awake for an hour already, lazing about in bed and making out in that soft, warm cocoon of peace they had created for themselves. The entire day was going to be absolutely mad, so they were content to enjoy this oasis of calm while it lasted.
Of course there was information about the murders on the Net - the Psy who had witnessed the attack in the park would have uploaded it almost instantly, and they were hardly the only ones who would have information available to them in some way. He waited while his brother accessed the data and downloaded it into his mind.
make me
John blinked. "What?"
"Got my own, thanks. Wouldn't mind a light, though."
John curled up on top of the covers next to him, pressing his back to Sherlock's side and noting happily that he could feel his chest expand and contract with every breath the detective took.
As soon as he was gone, Sherlock resumed his angry pacing, muttering to himself about annoying older brothers sticking their nose where it didn't belong and getting on everyone's nerve in the process.
And stared.
He wiped his hands on the second towel he had laid out and then used it to wipe down Sherlock’s back. Only then did he climb onto what had become his side of the bed.
"Dr. Watson," the older Holmes brother said in that tone he always used when Sherlock was being unnecessarily difficult and he was appealing to John's common sense.
Of course he would have a countdown in his head.
He was glad for John's neck muffling his voice, glad to be so close he wouldn't have to see his face. "I can't let go."
The office had fallen silent, expectant eyes and ears turned to the latest instalment of the soap opera his life had become to them all. He didn't have a lot of time to decide and logic interceded before he had time to form any sort of emotional response.
They shared a wry smile.
As soon as his arms were free, Sherlock's hands reached for John's waist, the world toppled and a moment later he found himself lying on the bed, a drunk consulting detective hovering above him.
"See reason stated previously," Sherlock tells him and shrugs out of his coat.
They kiss like they always wanted to, like they always meant to, like they always knew they should have done so many times before. They kiss not like it is the only chance they will ever get but as if they will never ever stop, as if they are determined to make up for five years of waiting and longing and wondering and missed opportunities and lost chances all in one go.
Sherlock clung to his mate as if he might disappear, mouth clumsy and uncoordinated as he returned the kiss. His mind was swimming with endorphins and he was still struggling to compute.
It was stupid and dangerous to more people than just himself. He might lose control again, the PTSD destroying all rational thought. And if by some miracle it didn't and he stayed in control of himself, he would still be endangering Sherlock, subjecting him to the Psy Council's scrutiny. The Councillors, so rarely seen and so very powerful, were the dark spectres looming over their lives. Before meeting Sherlock, John had never expected to end up subjected to their laws.
"Yes," she says. "Congratulations. I'm sure it was extremely difficult to find out, what with all the boxes and furniture my siblings and I brought along."
It shouldn't have come as such a surprise - he had already killed for Sherlock and Sherlock had died for him, after all. But now ... John thought that perhaps there was more to it. Killing to save a life was one thing but Sherlock had just admitted his willingness to kill to avenge John's murder.
“I’m not carrying that for you,” Sherlock told him, grinning.
"Yes. She's too valuable and so far she has not shown any signs of wishing people to know she is not Silent. The Council doesn't see her as a threat."
He broke off, shaking his head, and turned his head to look at John. The rawness John himself felt was on his face, too. "Why?"
? You've tried to put a label on me from the day we met, John, and you kept being frustrated because none of them would fit properly. At least I always knew what you were to me."
Instead of answering, John pressed his head a tiny bit more firmly to Sherlock's abdomen and closed his eyes again.
They were pressed together, chest to back, skin against skin and John felt dizzy as more of his blood rushed south to pool between his legs. It didn’t help that Sherlock moaned again and pressed back against him.
*****
"Bye," she said, petting John's back as he came to sniff her legs.
Sherlock hesitated and then nodded once, jerkily. "You did. Nothing like this, though. Nothing even close to this. I've been... trying not to think about it."
But John's hands were still on his knees and John was still here and John looked like he might cry. The very thought was terrifying.
"Now listen here-" Lestrade began and John stopped paying attention. Clearly everything was back to normal and he was at liberty to think about the DI's words at his leisure.
He moans again, opens his mouth further, tries to lure John in.
Yes, today has been a good day.
"Goodbye Mary."
"Was that innuendo?" she asked, grinning. "Holmes, I think John has been teaching you some things while we weren't looking." She gave a fake gasp. "Is that why you smell like each other?!"
This is where the tedious work begins, the taxing task of calling each and every one of these places and asking if, by any chance, they might still have some of their security footage stored somewhere.
*****
Sherlock shook his head. "Not that. Look at this." He pointed at the screen. "That window."
Somewhere, something went
"I'm still sorry it happened," John told him. "I don't think I've ever been so scared as I was when I found you on the floor and saw the blood. Well, until you flat-lined, that is."
John smiled. "I can imagine. Waking up with you in my arms would have made me cave instantly."
It didn't make John trust
“Well?” Sherlock asked.
*****
Sherlock nodded. "Very. It'll be impossible. All they have to do is follow the streets. There are too many tracks in the snow there for anyone to distinguish theirs from the rest, if there's any snow at all, and they can just turn a corner and become upstanding citizens again. Let's get away from here while everyone is distracted."
The olfactory onslaught almost had him stumbling back as a heretofore unknown part of his brain - probably one that hadn't even existed earlier today - immediately started dissecting each and every scent he had just inhaled and his mind reeled with information.
"What?"
He had never shared a bed with anyone. Ever. He couldn't remember even sleeping in the same room as another living being. But here he was now and John was sleeping peacefully next to him, as close as he could possibly get with the sheets between them. A warm arm was slung across Sherlock's middle, keeping him from escaping should he have wished to do so. He didn't.
His voice broke several times throughout his little speech, but he kept going, lips fluttering along John's jaw and neck and chest. "I love you. When I stood at your wedding rehearsal and realised I couldn't possibly go through the real thing and keep my mouth shut so I called my brother for help. I love you. When Mycroft called to get me out of the wedding. I love you. That time in the hotel when we had an argument because I stopped you from telling everyone about Mary."
And John does, bless him, even though Sherlock isn't sure he said any of that out loud.
John didn't know what any of them meant. "There you are," he said. "I was wondering where you had gone off to. Are you all-"
She was a tall woman who looked like the tough kind of person you frequently encountered out in the countryside; the kind of person raised on fresh air and with a body fully capable of - and used to - splitting firewood at five in the morning on a snowy day. Something in the way she carried herself also suggested that she was blessed with the solid sort of character you could bend iron on.
"That's ... fuck."
John shook his head. "No. You've already exceeded all of them and you keep doing so. I know I can depend on you to do the right thing."
And if that meant that he would eventually contemplate shifting again, if only to keep from going insane and becoming a danger to everyone around him, then so be it.
And so John drank his cup of tea without any apparent issues. It tasted like tea, contained the correct amount of milk and no sugar, and was about as ordinary as a cup of tea could possibly be hoped to be.
They returned to their conversation and he barely noticed as Sherlock stood and drifted away towards his bedroom with a muttered goodnight to Mrs Hudson.
******
"What?"
"Why don't you boys go out for a bit?" Mrs Hudson suggested. "It's a lovely day and I'm sure a bit of play in the park would do you both the world of good. And when you get back we can put some ice on your face, Sherlock dear. That bruise doesn't look good."
me, Lestrade. He just ... doesn't want to be married to me."
"Now tell me, are you experiencing any discomfort?" Sherlock demanded. "Nausea, dizziness, disorientation, confusion, tiredness, fever?"
John had heard it all a thousand times before and now smiled to see Sherlock in his element, sniffing around the deserted crime scene in the middle of the night, his magnifying lens held at the ready as he examined this stone and that piece of dirt in the light of his torch. Every now and again, he would stop, stand straight and look around or pace backwards far enough until he could take in the entire building towering above them.
and I realised I had never stood a chance at all. That I had deluded myself all this time. I ... I honestly don't remember what happened beyond me signing those damn papers. I'm amazed I didn't just scream it in your face. I kept thinking it, you know? '
He flattened his ears to his skull and glared at them, hoping they would get the message.
"We all need memories we can treasure," John said. "And winding up your brother is just too much fun to not do it."
Sherlock looked away again and bit his lip. There was an odd expression on his face that John couldn't quite place.
The world turned a bit blurry around the edges, the next minutes nothing but a collection of hazy images and impressions of slick fingers and intense pleasure. He wasn't sure how he kept his composure through any of it.
Perhaps if he understood John better, he would eventually be able to arrive at these same solutions without needing John at all. It would be the most efficient way to solve this problem.
John tried to keep his breathing calm and his body relaxed. He was afraid that if he moved even a little, he would have to run to make it to the bathroom in time to be violently sick. He carefully brushed his fingers across the scar tissue once more. Sherlock let out a tiny, shuddering breath, and his muscles twitched.
The thought had barely crossed his mind when he stepped forward, and then forward again, so deep inside Sherlock's personal space his friend had no choice but to back away to avoid being run over. Sherlock's back hit the wall just as John raised his left hand off his shoulder to gather a good handful of Sherlock's hair in his grip and tugged his head down.
Lestrade notices where her attention has gone. "Turned out well for them, too," he notes.
think I am,” Sherlock said. “But there are two important factors standing in the way of this little theory. Firstly, I didn’t do it. Secondly, I had neither the opportunity nor the inclination to do it.”
“Just spit it out,” John said tiredly. “How much worse can it get?”
"Has Lestrade texted you about the CCTV?"
Seeing his raised eyebrow, the detective shrugged. "You did save my life tonight and I do appreciate a useful helpmate. I'm sure we can come to a mutually satisfactory agreement."
“Silly boy,” she said, swatting him lightly. “You make sure John here has everything he needs, you hear?”
She spat in his direction.
"Have you found out anything new about Sora's death?" Emily asked, sitting down kitty-corner to Sherlock. The other male, Tyson, took a seat next to her but didn't seem inclined to contribute to the conversation.
*****
A moment later, he heard it too: the soft scrape of a shoe on rough ground and the quiet churn of gravel. Someone was coming from the same direction as they had.
John sighed. "You wouldn't have," he said quietly, wishing he could reach out and force Sherlock to look at him, but his hands were still pinned. "When you said you weren't interested, I took your word for it. And I went through a collection of girlfriends so you wouldn't be made uncomfortable by my interest in you."
John watched him disappear into the bathroom and groaned, throwing his arm across his eyes. “Oh, god.”
And would it really be such a bad idea? It was the middle of the night and Sherlock had been awake for days on end. He was so fast asleep he probably wouldn't even notice a bomb going off in their room, let alone be woken by John's hand on his cheek.
his area, had he? That part certainly wasn't a huge surprise. But ... soldiers?
Sherlock felt he couldn't begrudge him that. He had really needed that time alone.
"I don't know," he repeated. "That's why no one usually does it. The risk is too great. Do you think the Council would ever say anything that could diminish their absolute power over us? We only managed to survive and thrive thanks to Silence. The only reason Psy no longer have the highest percentage of serial killers amongst their populace is because of Silence. This is a proven fact. What you are suggesting is that there was another reason for so many of us turning violent. If that is the case, I never heard of it."
Sherlock smelled of ice and rosin and chemicals and London - every gritty alley, every brightly-lit high street, every tourist trap, and the bank of the river Thames. That, and danger.
"Okay," John said, squaring his shoulders. "It's okay, Sherlock."
"I want to never get out of this bed," John said softly. "I want to stay right here with you and if I can't do that I want to spend every day looking forward to being here with you at night."
John barely managed to call out a hasty goodbye before Sherlock dragged him out of the kitchen.
John lay down on the sitting room floor and watched as Sherlock unpacked the groceries for the sheer novelty of the sight. He honestly couldn't recall a single time where Sherlock had voluntarily gone shopping, except for that one time when he had left without a word and came back three hours later with two dozen bananas. John had never found out what that particular experiment had been about. Somehow, it had never seemed important. Just another incident in living with the nutball that was Sherlock.
"Where are you going?" John protested. "I wasn't done with you yet."
He hopped off the bed and decided to take the chance and sniff out Sherlock's room. His flatmate certainly had no qualms about going through John's things, a little payback was only fair.
She sniffed again and John handed her a tissue, giving her his most reassuring smile at the same time.
"Just ... tell him I don't want to see him just now, all right? I just ... I can't do it right now. I think I could face anyone but him."
The next day finds Sally back at Baker Street around noon, just in time to help Mrs Hudson with her roast. The landlady has gone all out with the Christmas dinner.
*****
"Tempting," Sherlock murmured to him. "But I do need to chase down a criminal, John. Even if it's not a serial killer."
His friend frowned at him. "You think I should go? You want to come along? John?"
"Third one, too. That blonde woman with the hat. Melissa?"
His eyes were wide and his expression utterly devastated.
But clearly Sherlock had either forgotten or was unable to speak in a linear fashion. "She was dead and I thought... I thought you could finally come home. I had been gone for two years and all I wanted was to come home and then I did and you were gone. And that was... it wasn't great but I could accept that. Accept her, if I had to."
The Psy shook both their hands without flinching at the contact. "Judd Lauren. I see from the look on your face that you have heard of me, Mr Holmes."
John grinned. "Ohhh, we're going to watch the Princess Bride. You'll like it."
Thirdly, the man standing several paces away, a large army-green bag at his feet, was a soldier.
"You'll see," Sherlock murmured next to him, his breath leaving billowing clouds in the frigid air.
John smiled and allowed a low growl to roll with his voice. "The very fact that you have to struggle to hold on to your Silence, that it is a chore, that your entire being is fighting against it and chafing at these chains they put you in, makes me think there is still hope for you. All of you."
“I’m sure we can do better than that,” Sherlock said. “A couple of days of peace and quiet, good food and enough nature to get some clean air into our lungs and definitely no projectile vomiting of any kind.”
They got up early the next morning, had a large breakfast and walked through the Princes Street Gardens towards Hanover Street, where they caught a bus to the Royal Botanic Gardens. Although it was a lot cooler in Edinburgh than it had been in London, the sun was shining and, knowing they would spend the day outdoors, they had both donned a pair of sunglasses. Sherlock rarely wore his back home and had never seen John wearing glasses of any kind. It was very distracting and he hoped John would get a chance to wear them all day. Right now, it promised to be a beautiful day, though Sherlock felt compelled to point out that you never knew with the Scottish weather.
Accordingly, he made sure his response was even quieter. "Could we contact them? Ask them to speak to their Psy? I want to know how they did it. I want to know how they managed to leave the Net and survive."
He refocused his attention on the DarkRiver alpha couple. "So how did you do it?"
"Thank you for this very scientific analysis," Sherlock said. "It is not helpful in the slightest."
The more time she spends on the case, the less likely it appears that she will ever find even a shred of evidence. Whoever 'Mary Morstan' really is, she knows how to hide her tracks.
“You only saw him tonight,” Mary protested. “Is this really necessary?”
Several seconds ticked by in which Sherlock stared at him incredulously and John remembered who he was talking to.
He pulled his phone from his pocket and quickly searched through it before holding it out to the soldier at his side. "Here, if you please."
Sally smiles triumphantly at Holmes. He returns the smile, much to her surprise, and swiftly breaks the seal of the bottle.
She blinked, then attempted to look mildly confused. "I'm Psy, just like you," she said and her voice was remarkably calm. "I do not have emotions."
Sally blinks at her. "Mrs Hudson, I don't think-"
Mrs Hudson shrugs. "If we're lucky, they had just enough."
Lestrade cleared his throat. "Sherlock..."
"Better than I expected," John told him. "Thank you for making this a priority."
"Sometimes a Psy will become unstable," he said carefully.
All the changelings, Lestrade included, were staring up into a particularly high tree. Donovan, in her raven form, was circling the tree but was too tall to reach the thin branches on which a young ocelot cub dangled.
I want. I simply don't care about the bloody
Sherlock thought. "People change." He sniffed. "And I'm not going through the hassle of organising your wedding just so you can get divorced in a couple of months once she's fed up with you running off on cases all the time." But oh, how he wished it would happen.
"John..."
He opened his eyes again and returned his attention to the narrow space under the bed. There, shoved into the shadowy corner formed by the wall and night stand, was a smallish box. Sherlock pulled his phone out of his pocket. It might be useless for such things as phone calls, text messages and accessing the internet in this place, but the torch function worked well enough.
Sherlock gave a dismissive shrug. "Yes of course."
Several other men in suits nodded at him and eyed his Belstaff with a mixture of appreciation and envy as he joined them in the lift but that was all the attention he got and they quickly turned back to their own thoughts or phones or Metros in the time-honoured tradition of the British. They didn't even seem to notice his bruised face.
"No," Sherlock made it sound like a confession. "But I'm not much one for relaxing in the countryside and there's not even Internet here, so I thought if I just got in a smoke every now and then I might make it through this week without it all falling apart."
He pulled out his phone and then hesitated. "You call him. It's your discovery and he's used to listening to you sprouting incredible theories."
Sally frowns. "What precisely does 'no information' mean?"
He got off the bus and walked down towards the Yard, holding Rosie close and ignoring the handful of concerned looks he got. He felt warm blood trickle down his face. Perhaps he should have tried to clean up a bit but his hands were full.
“Ordinary people have three meals a day and seem to do fine,” John reminded him.
The two Holmes brothers lingered by the door, watching hawk-eyed as the scientist who had overseen most of the tests carefully injected the cure into John's front leg, at precisely the same spot where he had cut himself in the accident that had transformed him.
"So we are dealing with embezzlement, a patricide, another murder that was probably done to cover up the embezzlement, and in all likelihood our killer isn't done yet. I must say, Lestrade, this case is exceeding all my expectations. And to think I considered it a boring and straightforward affair at the crime scene!"
kitchen. "I don't believe this. You drugged me! And then you, what, made me marry you?"
John frowned. "Won't she have to talk with their Wing Leader first, to get permission to enter their territory?"
He dropped his bag by the door, stumbled two steps into the room and found himself faced with the empty sitting room and two empty armchairs and a silence that was so loud it hurt his ears.
"It's been more than nine months since my divorce, I think I'm good," John replies, clearly thinking in an entirely different direction.
John, bless him, all but jumped Sherlock in his attempt to get at the phone, barking and whining, his tail wagging so violently Sherlock thought he might have a couple of bruises to show for it on his legs later on.
Their victim lay on the walkway in the church yard, judging by the hive of activity there.
"So can you tell who uploaded these memories?"
"This is security footage of you buying a bottle of water at a corner shop. Interesting bag you've got there. Just the right size for half-assembled rifle, wouldn't you say?"
"Mine," Sherlock murmured in his ear, long fingers wrapping around John's cock. "This is mine."
John shrugs. "Probably around four? I'll text if something comes up."
"I don't know. Perhaps another assassination attempt on a Councillor. Perhaps the changelings are planning an uprising. But no matter what it is, I am almost certain the changeling packs around San Francisco will be involved somehow."
The body was that of a young man. He lay on the floor, a medium-sized puddle of blood spreading around his head.
? It was moments like this where he wished he could open his mouth and simply say what was on his mind. Perhaps if he had done so months - no,
The ground floor was deserted and they sneaked past reception and out into the night with no one the wiser. The door, of course, was unlocked.
He shakes his head. "I've had my people check them all."
John couldn't help the pleased little flutter in his chest at the invitation. It was a sign of trust that Lestrade had thought to invite him to something involving the pack's children.
"It's a goose."
Sherlock frowned. "I did. Just now, in fact. Weren't you listening?"
John is the first one on his feet. "You're joking. This is a joke. Sherlock, did you set her up to do this?"
"My parents' continued reliance on me as a dog-sitter," he told her smoothly. "Lestrade was just asking how much longer you will be able to stuff Johnny here with treats."
Sherlock deduced all of this from the location and design of the building alone, supplemented by the knowledge about the various London changeling packs he had accumulated over the years. That information had grown exponentially since word had gotten around about John, causing other changelings to come to him for help.
"How long were you going to hide that from me?" John asked.
John laughed and patted his back. “Fair enough. Here, stay like this for a couple of minutes until you can move again. And don’t even think about falling asleep now. This is a mutual experiment, remember?”
"Do you know... know your hair's got... got... colours... uh." He blinked, trying to focus. "What wash I say'n?"
Sherlock snorted. "Of course not. The thief always came through the kitchen entrance and they believe the murder was a one-off occurrence. Oh, and they leave the front door open for everyone wanting to go out for a smoke."
John ached at the implication. "I wish I remembered it," he said softly. "Will you finally tell me? You said it was my idea but I never fully understood how it happened or why. I suppose I didn't ask."
It was a suitable excuse and Sherlock managed to arrange his features into a half contrite, half annoyed expression. "Yes, well, you would think that these days they would manage to at least get a phone reception up here," he said. "It's not like we're in a developing country. In fact, you can get better phone reception in most of rural India."
"Because you wanted to."
"Don't I know it," Sherlock agreed. "What else is he good for anyw-"
*****
"Thank you."
Rob managed a credible attempt at disguising his laugh as a cough. "I'll be sure to pass that on, sir. Good bye, sir."
"Don't mention it, sir. I've been told to inform you that Miss Anthea has restocked the fridge and you are not to take on any work for a couple of days."
The receptionist - young, with a fake smile and fake posh accent and fake designer jeans - had the gall to demand further information, so he huffed at her and, with a quick glance at the clinic's layout, marched right past the front desk and towards the examination room.
"Too much input," Sherlock concluded, rounding on the people gathered around them. "Get out! All of you, now! Barrymore, you'll go ahead and make sure every door is opened the moment we approach. Lestrade, stay here and help me with John."
He can't for the life of him figure out what might have caused it this time. That's what John is there for, after all. And so, as he always does, as he has learned to do, Sherlock turns to him for help.
John came with a shout, his hands clenching in Sherlock's hair and the twin input was more than enough to send him over the edge as well, bringing tears to his eyes from the sheer intensity of it.
"No," he agreed. "If life was fair, I'd call Mary first and explain but I really don't want to have that conversation with Mr Hendriksen watching me in his office."
After a couple of minutes of silence, Sherlock dropped his hands and finally lifted his head to look John in the eye.
He shook his head. "But that is all I know about it. I know it was my idea and he went along with it. He claimed at the time he did it because it was sensible, listed all the advantages like hospital visits and so on, and I didn't bother questioning him further. I suppose I should have known there was more to it. But it honestly didn't seem all that strange that he would say yes based on that reasoning alone."
John stares. Blinks. Shakes his head. Tries to make sense of what Sherlock is saying.
"None. He was a good lad, always friendly, always happy to chat for a bit or lend a hand if you needed it. Mr and Mrs Walczak have been regulars here for nigh on thirty years and they said they've never seen a nicer or more helpful concierge than him. They always tipped very generously, though not so much in recent years, and it was never enough for him to afford the kind of stuff he had before he died. What does a boy like him want with an expensive watch, I ask you?"
Sherlock grumbled and made a spirited attempt of continuing to sleep by pulling his hand under the blankets and turning his back to John. John retaliated by jumping onto the bed and breathing hot dog breath right in Sherlock's face.
"But it will start again, won't it?" John asked grimly.
And Sherlock nodded and turned around and fetched the tea and the moment was gone.
John laughed. "Can't get anything past you, can I?"
All he got in response was a sound of protest followed by Sherlock's tongue tracing a wet path from his throat to his jaw. John moaned despite himself, hands flailing as he tried to grapple for purchase, for anything to hold on to. Sherlock's arms. Yes, that was a good place. Grab his upper arms, then... let him suck at adam's apple... oh Jesus ... no wait, that was
There was a growl in his voice and he knew he should apologise but his cat was too close to his skin and hating the scent of someone else on his Sherlock.
One argument with John and this is what he turned into - a mindless imbecile incapable of performing even the easiest of tasks.
"Sure," he said. "What are you in the mood for?"
John groaned and bucked his hips, a reaction that was both satisfying and immensely frustrating.
He fell asleep half an hour later and didn't wake until the nurse came in on her morning round, just in time for him to text Mycroft a status update, leave in a mad dash and make it to work on time.
Sherlock chuckled and sniffed. "I'm starting to doubt that, actually."
He didn't know what to say to that and she clearly didn't expect a reply. Instead, she turned her attention back to the body and began opening the ribcage.
Still, the cab ride passed in silence and John couldn't help some small sense of trepidation as the cab came to a stop in front of New Scotland Yard. He climbed out while Sherlock paid and took a deep breath of reasonably fresh air. The Thames made the air seem at least a bit fresher than in other parts of inner London and John idly watched the Eye spin slowly, showing their city off to countless tourists.
Mrs Hudson was delighted.
"Is that so?" But John was already reaching for a towel. "Well, who am I to stop you when you actually want to eat for once?"
Sherlock actually looked affronted at that. "Oh please. You have been acting strange all day, John. You won't meet my eyes, you've been positively jittery all day and just this morning you were radiating anger."
Sherlock sighed. "Fine. John, go fetch your lead and the bag, you know which one."
Sherlock allowed him to steer - or rather: drag - him down the hall and to the foot of the stairs where they paused for a moment so John could take a breath and determine how best to get him up there. The simplest solution would probably be to just stay by his side, allowing Sherlock to grip the rail and keep his arm around him. They'd have to switch sides but it should be doable.
He paces the sitting room while he waits for John to put Rosie to bed, already planning ahead for the next day. There is no case and the weather report seems favourable for an outing. New input is important, the stimulation of the brain in these early months and years. He can't wait until Rosie is old enough to help him with experiments. But until then ... baby steps.
The male said something else, gesturing now, and the adults appeared to relax a little. The children merely continued their play, oblivious to the tension.
John thought that was rather unfair and huffed at him, but had to admit that he would very likely have teased Sherlock about it at least a little.
John groaned in frustration. He shouldn't even be thinking about this at all, damn it. His wedding was in a little over a day and it would be a moot point by then. No. It
John was almost grateful to see a black car rolling to a halt just outside the perimeter set up by the police.
They went to bed late, with just one pile of unchecked files left for each of them.
"Better go," Donovan said, her voice uncharacteristically soft. Her gaze was fixed on John's back and she looked worried. Sherlock was good enough to notice that. "And Sherlock?"
When they returned to St. Bart's hospital, John therefore made it a point to greet Sherlock as enthusiastically as possible, winding around his legs and nudging at his hands and knees.
Sherlock had retreated to the bathroom to get changed and John took a minute to breathe before changing as well and knocking on the bathroom door. “Can I come in?”
Admittedly, it was quite late for dinner but John was hungry and Sherlock had indicated that he might not be completely averse to eating something other than cookies. And after four glasses of punch almost everything seemed like a good idea. John therefore didn't see anything wrong with getting the goose out of the fridge. He had meant to cook it the next day and it had already been stuffed, but he decided that now was as good a time as any to actually cook it.
"What makes you think this address is not on the list?" Mycroft asked calmly, examining the nails of his left hand. "I would not go so far as to call it a preferred address, but I do come here quite often."
There isn't a person who isn't appalled by what they hear about Mary and her actions. The judge is shocked, the audience is shocked, even the defence seems at a loss for words. How do you defend a killer for hire? How do you defend someone who doesn't seem to feel a shred of remorse?
"An opportunist until the very end."
Sherlock gasped in surprise but followed his lead, bending down rather than flinching away. He was tense, as he should be with a powerful predator's hand gripping his neck, but he made no move to defend himself. In fact, it didn't seem to occur to him that he should or that any other person would.
*****
The food arrived while they were just unlocking the door and the general ruckus alerted Mrs Hudson to their return.
is Daddy.
"No, no, entirely my fault, I wasn't looking," the man beamed at him, clearly unperturbed, then frowned and John saw his face light with recognition. "John? John Watson?"
So all that remained was the grief again, the pain of not knowing if or when he would see him again. Even that had been worse three years ago. Back then, he had been so sure the answer was 'never'.
"Oh," he murmured. "Oh, yes. May I kiss you, Sherlock?"
"There was an accident at a military research facility we were investigating," he explained in that matter-of-fact tone that would have been suitable for teaching a chemistry class but that hardly fit their current situation. "I doubt you would understand my explanation of the specifics even if I were allowed to tell you, but the short version is that this dog here is in fact John."
The real problem, of course, was that if he had been wearing his watch when he had been taken to the hospital, he had also been wearing his ring.
He blinks. "What?"
In the bedroom, Sherlock and John slept on, unaware of their visitor but secure in the knowledge that, for now, nothing bad could possibly happen to them. Not while they had each other to cling to.
With a start, John turned around and looked at him. "What?"
John shook his head. “I ... Mary ...”
"It's nice to see you have such faith in my marriage," John said, rolling his eyes and not daring to admit that he had the same concerns. "And I never claimed I wouldn't still work cases with you. You're not getting rid of me that easily."
"All right then. Let's hope this is better than the underside of a bridge, at least."
Lestrade nodded. “God, John, I’m so sorry.”
After minutes that felt like hours, John calmed down a little further.
Emily frowned. "You keep saying that as if he'd be completely heartbroken about Soraya."
*****
"He will be," Sherlock told her, trying to sound as convincing as he could. Much as he liked John the dog, he wanted John the man back. "Come on, John, let's go for a walk."
Lestrade gave him a long look. “Didn’t you?”
So John cradled his cheek, stroking one thumb over that sharp cheekbone he had admired so often. Sherlock's eyes were wide open and fixed on him.
Shaking his head as much as he could right now - not very well - Sherlock reached out with one hand, fumbled for John's hands and pressed them back onto his head firmly, making his fingers curl into his hair and tugging demonstratively.
Movement had caught his eye and a moment later a man with prematurely grey hair who had been reading a newspaper on one of the nearby benches up to now approached them.
John felt ready to burst out of his skin. His cat was clawing at his insides and it took all the concentration he had to keep from shifting.
Emily leaned forward and lowered her voice to avoid being overheard. "Has he ... you know ... defected?"
"You like it," she concluded. "You like it when he touches you. You let him do it and you tell yourself you are only placating your flatmate for your own benefit, but you know you're lying to yourself."
A pipe has burst in the flat above hers and the water has weakened the ceiling and caused some flooding in her neighbour's place. She was lucky to notice the issue so quickly but she and her neighbours will have to find another place to stay for some time until the building has been refurbished.
"Sherlock," John said softly.
He was out of his chair and by the door before the officer interviewing him had time to open his mouth.
While this story is over, I do of course have a whole pile of others already in the works. One reasonably short one (for my standards) is just lacking a bit of a final polish and will likely go up on the 10th of February. Those who've stuck around for a while know that I always try to post something new on my birthday, so I'll keep doing that.
He lets her bully him into eating, lets her chat about anything she wants, lets himself be mothered in a dozen ways. One day, Sally arrives home to find Holmes wearing Mrs Hudson's spare apron, elbow-deep in flour, helping her bake Christmas cookies.
Sherlock actually chuckles at that. "I'm unlikely to ever forget it, John. Of course I'll text."
John barked in agreement. Proper food! He'd be looking forward to a good Carbonara until this entire ridiculous procedure was done.
After a moment, he gasped. "Oh! John, fetch me a map of London!"
Less than a minute later, she called up the stairs: "I'm taking John for a walk, dear!"
He groaned, his thighs shaking with the strain. He was so close to the edge he could feel it at the base of his spine, waiting, waiting...
Sherlock blinked, confused. "No, why would I be? What has John got to do with any of this?"
Sherlock shook his head. "He sent the message as soon as they got word of the incident. I'm checking the PsyNet for more information now."
For some reason, that made John smile. "Want to know something funny?"
John relaxed into the sensation. The next thunder barely made him twitch.
Not bothering to wait for his flatmate to catch up, John bounded down the hall towards Mrs Hudson's door, finding that it opened quite easily beneath his paws.
"This is Johnny," Sherlock said, gesturing at John. "Sorry about his behaviour. He doesn't like men."
For a wild, insane moment he imagined doing that to Sherlock, just to see his reaction, but then discarded the thought before he could start taking the idea seriously.
John cleared his throat, wondering if his face really was on fire. "So, uhm ... about that..."
Sherlock stops mid-word, mid-breath, mid-thought. He thinks he might have misheard.
"Isn't it fantastic?" Sherlock grinned at him. "Murder on the Underground. It's both a splendid place to kill someone and also an utterly stupid place to commit a murder. There are enough cameras on there to make it absolutely impossible for the killer to walk away unseen and yet they disappeared."
They got on and John took a moment to wonder at how blasé he was about using a lift. Minutes after his transformation at Baskerville, the short ride out of the lab back to the surface had turned him into a shaking, terrified heap of fur. And now here he was, standing calmly by Sherlock's side and completely ignoring the noise of the winches and wheels as they were transported upwards.
It wasn't a direct admission but it also wasn't a denial and John could barely hear his words over the roaring in his ears.
John made to run a hand over his face, which reminded him of the papers he hadn't let go of since leaving the registrar's office.
*****
Clearly that didn't disturb his admirer all that much. He merely raised an eyebrow and John just knew he was suggesting that this might be a reason but not a deterrent.
"So," he said between bites, "what's the battle plan for this dreaded after-lunch conversation?"
Taking care not to make too much noise, they sneaked up the stairs and breathed twin sighs of relief once Sherlock closed the door to their flat behind them.
anyone at all - and even, embarrassingly, that he couldn't help but be a bit turned on by soldiers, but that didn't necessarily mean that Sherlock was in any way interested in John. He was, though, that much was quite clear to him. But John was ears-deep in denial about him, so this would likely be his reasoning.
John nodded. "Better."
"John ..."
The returned home in silence. This was not unusual but something about it seemed different and Sherlock kept a wary eye on John.
John was still staring at him and not saying a word.
"Sh'lock?" John mumbled and opened his eyes. He smiled. Then he registered the expression on Sherlock's face and the smile turned into something more serious. "Hey. What's going on?"
But then John kissed him on the cheek in a room full of people who weren't drunk and dancing and that doesn't fit. Sherlock can't get over it.
To get a grip on himself, he reached for the bottle of oil John had placed on the nightstand and poured some into his hands. “I think you should just take my place. There’s no point in pulling the towel back and forth.”
Sherlock found himself surprised for the second time in five minutes. "Tempting, but I'm afraid I have to stay here." He nodded towards the information desk. "I need to keep an eye on this one."
"If you want to have proper fun with scientific names," he said, "you check out insects and rocks."
And a spear of white-hot pain seared its way into Sherlock's mind.
Sherlock forced himself to keep his expression neutral. He disliked it immensely when people refused to tell him things he had clearly missed.
Sherlock's eyes flick to his mouth and linger and his expression is, well, it's one John thinks he might have seen before, what feels like a lifetime ago.
He thought for a moment. "John, can you smell anything unusual on her?"
Sherlock made a mental note to train John and his bladder to keep to a schedule more suited to the average Londoner.
John gaped at him. "
"Technically I've done that already," John murmured against his too-quick pulse. "But I take your point. And I want it to be clear that I won't debauch you until you have pledged yourself to me in the same manner. Wouldn't want there to be an imbalance between us."
Was it his imagination or did Sherlock's voice sound huskier than usual? And that look on his face ... was that mere confusion and worry, or was there something else?
They shared a look and started to laugh.
"Much like hair ties," Donovan mused. "I keep buying new ones because the ones I have keep disappearing."
He snatched in a breath and more words came tumbling out of his mouth. "Because lord knows I'm very well aware that you don't fancy me like that and I wish you'd
At present, his flatmate did not seem inclined to find anything funny, however. Instead, he stared at Mycroft with his eyes narrowed. "Must I remind you that all this -" he made a wide gesture with his arms to encompass the pool, the flash drive and his own state - "is the direct result of you asking me to retrieve the stolen data? That's the third time you have come to me with such a matter, maybe you should improve your security systems to prevent further occurrences of intelligence theft."
He thought of going back home and spending the rest of his life at Baker Street with Rosie and the thought of all the potential he had wasted, all the happiness that had slipped right through his fingers while he hadn't been looking. He knew it was only fair, that Sherlock had suffered this same pain for years and years himself, but that didn't make it hurt any less. He felt his throat close up.
He swiped to answer the call and held the phone to his ear. “What?”
Luckily, he didn't have to, for a moment later air hissed as the pressure lock was released and then the door opened and Mycroft's grip on his arm turned to steel.
It elicited a groan from John and a harsh curse that got quite a bit more creative when Sherlock unceremoniously pushed down his pants, dropped to his knees and swallowed him down, all within about five seconds.
"Are you sending me off to bed again? John, it's not quite midnight, I really don't see wha-" He paused, a sudden explanation occurring to him. "Oh! Right, you're right. Can't question the widow, she'll be asleep. I keep forgetting that boring people insist on regular sleep schedules."
She finally left and Sherlock watched out of the corner of his eye as John gradually relaxed as he re-immersed himself in their mutual task.
"You're hardly an idiot yourself," Sherlock told him firmly. "Don't sell yourself short. I really can't be seen with a mate who isn't utterly aware of how bloody fantastic he is. What on earth would people think of me?"
"It's morning," Sherlock informed him. "This is the usual time for people to consume breakfast." He said it like a piece of knowledge learned in a wildlife documentary.
"Yes," Sherlock murmured, tightening his hold on him ever so slightly. "Let's do that."
Sherlock spoke right over him. "I will
Sherlock decided it was time to get away and excused himself. There was still a receptionist to question and anything was better than standing here, watching John honestly congratulating Patrick and wishing him good luck in fixing his relationship with the man he loved. There was only so much he could take.
"Ah," Sherlock hummed. "That's what happens. How delightful."
A moment later, Mycroft answered the psychic call.
"I believe he is already providing me with the peace and quiet I wanted," John said pointedly.
Sherlock twitched in his sleep and shifted, turning onto his side and flinging out his arm until his hand came to rest on John's back before lying still again. John could sense him slipping into a deeper sleep and wished with all his heart that Mycroft's scientists would find a cure soon. He didn't know how much longer he could take being this close and yet so far away.
"Oh." Sherlock actually looked disappointed.
*****
Mrs Hudson relaxed and nodded. "I understand, dear, I've got a hip."
John gave a low, confirming bark and nodded his head. Sherlock's scent was a comforting background detail, integral to his peace of mind but not actually something that overwhelmed his senses to the extent of drowning out everything else. He knew his scent intimately and it was therefore just a matter of separating Sherlock's scent from all the strange smells the flat had to offer.
The words were blurring before his eyes as he tried and tried again to make any sense of them other than the one they did make.
Sherlock thought he hadn't even felt that helpless when he had rounded the lab table to find that John had been turned into a dog. Hell, he hadn't even felt that helpless when he had found John at the pool, strapped to a bomb and at the mercy of Moriarty, of all people. At least back then he had had a gun and been able to do something.
"That's not going to help while you're still wet to the bones," John told him.
"That wasn't a knife," John murmured.
Startled, John drew back, turning to look at Mary. She was gazing down at the gun, humming a lullaby, a soft smile on her face. But now that he looked at her properly, he realised there was blood dripping down her face, trickling almost gently from the bullet hole in her forehead.
John groaned and shoved the covers away, hoping the cooler air would shock him into wakefulness. Sometime while he slept, his t-shirt must have ridden up and he shuddered as the cool air hit his bare skin. Quickly, he pulled the cotton back down. "Gosh, I didn't think it would be quite so cold."
His thirst satisfied, John turned his attention to the dog pellets which had smelled rather enticing the night before. They still did and while his human brain was appalled, it was easily overruled by his canine taste receptors and he had no qualms about eating them all.
*****
Sherlock gave a sigh next to him and, against all laws of physics, managed to shuffle even closer.
And here is why ...
John and Mrs Hudson shared a look. "It's different," John said. "It's like ... just staying together means you are content, yes. But reaffirming your vows ... it's saying that if you could turn back time, you wouldn't make a different choice. You'd still choose that one person, no matter what happened between you over the years."
"A Mr Sherlock Holmes to see you, Ma'am," she said and listened for a reply before turning to him. "Can you give a reason for your visit?"
He stared down at the man asleep in his bed, in his arms, and tried to wrap his mind around the reality of all this. This strong, deceptively compact body was right here, warm and alive and
“God, I thought it was hot outside, but this is like a sauna,” John gasped. Sweat was forming on his forehead already.
"Thank you, John," Sherlock said primly.
John smiled.
"I love you, too." Her fingers tangled in his jumper. "Have fun."
"I never thought ..." Sherlock swallowed. "I never thought I would see someone like you. I could not allow myself to believe that such a thing actually existed."
John followed the trail all over the flat, dimly aware that Sherlock had finished his own inspection and was now watching him with curious eyes.
John could hear the tremor in his voice and it made something in his chest ache, like a sharp splinter, buried deep. He had no idea what to say.
Sherlock shook his head at himself. Of course they would. They were allowing touch now because John needed to know that he was allowed to be affectionate with Sherlock in the only way he could be right now. That was all there was to it. And once he had regained his human form, he would also regain his ability to speak, to physically drag Sherlock out of danger or stop him from running right into it.
*****
"All done?" the DI asked.
Sherlock opened his e-mails, deleting the usual junk mail and boring requests for him to find missing heirlooms and unfaithful husbands until he finally found the message he had been looking for.
"Wha-? Oh, no, just visiting a colleague," Lestrade said cheerfully. "You know what the shift work is like, can't always make the visiting hours. We were so worried when we heard he'd been admitted to the hospital."
What he could do, however, was watch Sherlock and make sure he actually ate and took care of himself.
-" Sherlock quickly tried to interrupt before the entire conversation could derail any further.
"Well spotted," John said, glad to see that Sherlock hadn't bothered with buttoning his coat. He unwound the scarf from his neck, threw it over the chair by the closet and raised his arms to Sherlock's lapels so he could help him out of his coat.
, have you ever considered a career as a massage therapist?” Sherlock asked as John worked his way down his spine. His voice sounded a bit slurred and drowsy.
Sherlock nodded, looking relieved before his expression shifted to apprehensive. "I ... I promised Mrs Hudson I would come to see her tomorrow-" He glanced at the clock on the wall "-well, later today. If you don't mind, I'd like to see Rosie. Say goodbye before I go this time."
"Oh really? And why not?"
Sherlock pulled back far enough to kiss him again and when Lestrade finally called again, his call went unanswered.
He softened his voice. "Sherlock ... he's ... he's treating you right, yeah? You, uh, you know if he ever does anything to hurt you, you can just walk away, right? You've got friends. If he is in any way-" he hesitated, not wanting to say 'abusive'. People tended to shy away from the word, to clam up because this sort of thing only ever happened to other people.
"Yeah, that."
But what if John had asked Sherlock to have breakfast with him?
"Sherlock..."
They both turned to take in Sherlock, who sat at the kitchen table in one of his usual suits, his hair its typical unruly mess as he swiped through his datapad. He glanced up at them for a moment. "Good morning."
"In the bathroom?" John asked, then shook his head. "Nope. Can't say I have. But I could suggest some things for you to examine that certainly won't require you to magnify them."
He could hear her quietly humming to herself as she made her way down the stairs and entered her own flat and felt something in his chest flutter with warm affection.
John tried to shrug as well as he could while lying down. "I've had worse in Rugby games."
“Shut up,” Sherlock said, nudging him with his knee again.
John laughed. “I haven’t said anything!”
He was tempted to get up, to answer the door, throw his arms around Sherlock's neck and not let go for a good long while until he could be sure the nightmare was over.
John decided it was time to do something, and if that meant sacrificing a piece of his own peace of mind, then so be it. At this rate, he would end up losing said peace of mind anyway, so he might as well sacrifice it for the greater good of getting Sherlock to let go of some of his tension.
"That's what I was thinking," John agreed. "Come on, Sherlock. I could really do with that cabin alone in the woods now."
Mrs Turner, 13:03
Sherlock's shoulders slumped. "I'm sorry," he muttered. "That was uncalled for."
"If you make the calls and have the train stopped and searched before it arrives, we can probably watch him piss himself," he told Lestrade. "Search his locker and check the desk - he's got a second phone glued to the underside and uses that to text his accomplices."
Sherlock was still staring but now his eyes looked a bit shiny. "John..."
Sherlock frowned and rewound the video. He pressed 'Play' and watched it again, and again, and again.
Finally, John’s voice pulled him out of his thoughts with a hesitant question. “You really would have let me marry her?”
Salt and musk and something all male, all John, that shot straight to Sherlock's core.
Mycroft's reply was cool indifference, as always. "I have no knowledge of Council-sanctioned hits carried out on random changelings. Give me a moment, I will download the file on the victims."
"If things had been different, chances are I'd be dead for real," Sherlock replied softly. "We're alive. We're here. I'm sure between the two of us we can figure out the rest."
John shrugged. "In that case, I hope you enjoy waiting."
John laughed and it sounded a little bit broken. "You died and I ... you have no idea what that did to me.
listening but better safe than sorry.
Sally doesn't cave, of course. You don't spend your career hunting down criminals and fighting for your position amongst a bunch of self-important, predominantly white, men without developing a backbone made of steel.
And just like that, he continued walking, heading towards the ferns to find the one he had been talking about. Sherlock followed him and wondered how it was possible that the heavens themselves hadn’t opened up to scream about his feelings to John. Surely the man couldn’t be
Before John can get too lost in that thought, the car rolls to a stop outside their home. He mutters his thanks to Anthea and their nameless driver and follows Sherlock out. By the time he closes the car door, Sherlock has already disappeared into the house.
He handed it to Sherlock, who stared at the bag for a couple of seconds as if John had just performed an incomprehensible magic trick before snatching it from John's hand and upending the contents into his hand. He carefully put on his watch and then slid the ring back onto his finger, staring down at it with an unreadable expression. "How?"
"You know what I am saying. Someone has been embezzling money from this company for what might be years and it has now cost the lives of your former employer and his heir. As the former head accountant, you may be another target on this person's list. I suggest you make yourself scarce. Do not tell anyone where you are going and keep your phone with you at all times in case of an emergency on your end or further enquiries on mine."
"You suspected fraud?" Sherlock asked.
Resigned to his fate and unwilling to waste the chance John had given him, he closed his bedroom door and went about getting some relief.
John moved a little and something - his
He rang the doorbell and John sat down next to him, trying to look as cute and harmless as he possibly could in case Mrs Forsythe didn't like dogs.
John rolled his eyes - as if he would forget! Before Sherlock could continue with the reminders and cautions, John sped up and dragged him along past Marylebone Green, ears perked as he searched for the usual sounds of a crime scene. Cameras clicking away, passers-by gasping in shock and excitement, police radios crackling and beeping - none of it should be hard to make out.
"Do you still want to examine the door?" He nodded towards the kitchen entrance.
"He worked as a security guard at the public pool in Soho. No wedding ring, but that doesn't mean much to changelings, does it?"
"It's a copy of the photographs from your wedding day," Lestrade said. "All taken by the wedding photographer. We're done processing them and I figured you might like to have them. I know Mary wasn't who we all thought she was but there must still be some happy memories on there. Friends and family and so on."
“Isn’t it?”
The following morning saw John relieved of his bandage, the shallow cut on his paw having healed sufficiently to no longer cause him any problems. In retrospect, he supposed his initial inability to walk had mostly been shock and the fact that he hadn't even been fully used to walking on four legs yet, much less feel comfortable enough to switch to only using three of them.
John let go of his hands and sat back. "Please don't get yourself killed."
"-but he likely already knows," Sally concludes.
He went to grab two slices of toast and returned to their table, where Sherlock was already buttering his toast with the air of someone performing a hateful task under duress, like a student doing his homework.
"Then perhaps you should talk to him," she suggests, quickly reaching the end of her patience.
"But now he's falling apart," Emily murmured. "Shit."
Now that he was here, Sherlock could not imagine life without John again. It sent another shiver down his spine and this one he was intimately familiar with - fear. Survival instincts were still present in the Psy. Fear was considered healthy so long as it pertained to a Psy's survival. He wondered why he experienced it now and turned the thought over in his head to examine it from all angles.
"Is she gone?," Sherlock murmurs from the sofa.
Most of the other guests were already gathered there, including the young newly-weds they had already encountered that morning.
Sherlock accepted the ball and they continued their game. But this time, John kept some of his attention on Sherlock and the path, ready to intervene should the stranger return or should someone else make an attempt.
Sherlock braced himself, wondering what was the most likely reaction. Shouting? Stumbling apologies and a hasty retreat? A quiet disappearing act under the guise of needing distance? It didn't even matter - either one would destroy him. He should have know he wouldn't make it very far, should have known he would eventually mess it all up and ruin everything, just as he always did.
Molly blinked. “What happened?”
So they went over it again, watched the woman walk into the reception area of the nursery and lean forward to speak to the receptionist, a friendly smile on her lips. They watched as Rosie was brought out, just having woken from her after-lunch nap and tiredly rubbing her eyes. The woman lifted her into her arms, lips forming the words 'Say goodbye, Rosie' and Rosie mumbled something that according to the tearful receptionist's interview transcripts was "Bye" and waved. And then they were gone.
"Good morning," John murmured.
It occurred to John that perhaps Sherlock didn't want to be his Best Man. But who else would he ask? Who else did he trust well enough to get him to and through his wedding day? And Sherlock had seemed willing enough, after the initial shock. After ... after he had recovered from what, in hindsight, was clearly surprise that John considered him his best friend.
Mycroft didn't bother pretending he had no idea. "Spring rolls and some sort of soup."
"Why do I do anything?" he evaded. "Curiosity." At least it wasn't a complete lie.
Neither of them spoke but the tension between them could have been cut with a spoon.
"How long was I out?"
"D' you see anyone else?"
"Sherlock? Sherlock, do you hear me?"
Sally grimaces. That is a nasty place to be for everyone in uniform.
Just then, there was the sound of a door opening and then Sherlock's voice.
The corners of Mrs Hudson's mouth turn down and she sighs. "I haven't heard a single explosion since he came back. Of course, he's been out a lot. He says he has to reacquaint himself with the city again, but I think he just needs an excuse to not be up there all by himself."
John's breath caught in his lungs. If Sherlock had emptied a bucket of ice water over his head, he could not have been more shocked.
"What is that supposed to mean?" Sherlock demanded, crossing his arms.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him. “Soon I won’t.”
"You're not usually that fussy about getting dirty," John observed. Apparently he was having one of his aware days. If he were a praying man, Sherlock would have sent a silent prayer to heaven to make sure John didn't suddenly become too observant of all the wrong things.
"Do what?"
"Looks like some of it may still be lodged in there," John noted. "I don't want to risk pulling it out here but I'm sure it'll be easily extracted during the autopsy. It looks like-" he squinted "-yeah, it looks like some sort of child's toy."
******
Emily led Sherlock towards her and the other changelings grudgingly made way for him. "He's a telekinetic," she explained, jerking her thumb at Sherlock. "He will get Hanson down if you agree to it."
*****
A noise caught his attention and he turned his head. Up ahead, the path made a bend around some trees and bushes and he could hear the sound of footsteps approaching. There was a familiar rhythm to them, at least a dozen boots hitting the ground at the same time. He wasn't surprised at all when a moment later a group of soldiers rounded the bend. A bunch of cadets out on their morning run, if he had to guess.
He nodded towards the hall and John smiled. "Right."
She looked like a stern governess and he didn't think it was a good look on her at all. Her eyes narrowed at the sight of him, which was just plain confusing. Surely she should have expected him to show up in his own home?
Sherlock gestured at the coffee table. "Well, he wants a divorce."
The other man relaxed as well and moved closer. "Not allowed to smoke, are you?"
John thought, moving until he was behind Sherlock and pressing his head against his legs to propel him forward and into the room.
Sherlock made a face. “Please, spare me your outbursts of sentiment.”
"I am?" the old man asked, smiling. "Still trying to find out more about poor Freddy's death, are you? My wife said you might come to talk to me."
Sherlock blinked at him again and his eyes unfocused for a second. "As you wish."
John's blood turned to ice in his veins. Suddenly feeling like an intruder and remembering the task Sherlock had given him, he backed away. He needed a moment to regroup, to let Sherlock's words sink in fully and think about what to do next.
They called the resulting sensation "pleasure", but Sherlock could not for the life of him conceive how any of these actions could possibly be pleasant.
*****
Perhaps it was the fact that he would be confronted with all of them at once?
Sherlock's head spun. He read it again, and again, and again. These words, in John's handwriting, the ink old, set deep into the paper, the envelope grubby from all those years in the drawer, the blunt, damaged left corners of each sheet of paper, corresponding perfectly with similar damage on the envelope ... this was real. A real letter, written by John, for him, three years ago.
John strengthened his grip on his shoulder. "Yes, I can see that you're getting smashed. I'd like to know why, though."
Sherlock stared back at him, too overwhelmed by these simple words to pay attention to the things John had left unsaid.
Now that the Baskerville case was solved and the excitement following John's unexpected transformation had calmed down, Sherlock was clearly getting tired, though he did try and hide it. At any other time, John may have been none the wiser, but now he could literally smell the exhaustion radiating off his friend and he wondered how best to order him to go to bed.
"Oh, I knew him," she said when the face of a fleshy man appeared on TV. "He came by sometimes on business dealings with Frank. Well, that's what I thought he was there for at the time, of course, and in a way he was. None of it was legal, of course. I think he was shot in the street a couple of months before you showed up, Sherlock."
Sherlock laughed.
Moriarty whirled around, ready to face the threat.
"But you don't." It was a statement of fact.
"We should take the one of the both of us and give it to Lestrade," John mused. "Just so that every time the Yarders forget you're human, he can show them this."
*****
“Well, these events in particular weren’t a choice per se,” Sherlock said. “It was part and parcel of the mission. And when they captured me, it was this or answer all their questions and then you would have died. I never even considered it.”
"Perhaps we haven't seen the full pattern yet," Sherlock said, perching on a chair with his eyes on the clock. "I told Lestrade to get the body to you as soon as possible so we can look for the compound immediately."
They grin at each other.
"Factors like what?" John asked. "And if you start with your personality, I am going to smack you over the head with something heavy."
Sherlock breathed it in deeply, wondering how much more John was able to smell. Perhaps he would ask him some other day. Not tonight, though.
Except that it did.
That was easier said than done, but John managed to scramble over the edge and into the tub. It wasn't very dignified, but at least he managed to get in on his own and didn't fall flat on his face.
John shook his head and squeezed his hand. "Not at all. I've hardly been an open book, either. Could've saved us both a lot of time, if things had been different."
"You can stay here for as long as you like," Mrs Hudson says, and pointedly adds: "Can't she, Sherlock?"
She hadn't known that. "Where are they now?"
something!"
As such, things that were labelled 'incomprehensible' or even 'irrelevant' instantly attracted his attention.
That actually seemed to cheer Sherlock up and he wordlessly raised his bow to continue playing while John went into the kitchen to refill their glasses. This punch was really fantastic, though he was trying to go slow. There was a lot of evening left, after all, and it wouldn't do to run out of punch ahead of time.
"-and I got over that months ago," John interrupts, jumping up from the sofa again so he can start pacing. "And it's not like I don't want to... you know. Lord knows I don't have this problem when-"
He did not, of course, inform Mycroft of his plans. John knew by now that all it would have taken was a short mental communication, something Psy did all the time, as easily as breathing. But Sherlock despised talking to his brother under the best of circumstances.
"It's fine," Sherlock said, shrugging. "The queue is moving quickly, at this pace we'll be inside in less than ten minutes."
John, his mouth stuffed with the very same, raised his head to give her an apologetic look, then tried to shrug. He glanced at Sherlock, who was staring at his landlady as if she had just confessed to having murdered someone and hidden the body beneath the kitchen floor without his knowledge.
Huffing to himself, John made his way out of the main flat and up the stairs to his own bedroom. He managed to open the door on his own, jumped onto the bed without bothering to switch on the light and discovered one great advantage of being a dog - there was no need to get changed or brush his teeth before going to bed. Instead, he could simply wriggle underneath the covers and curl up in a warm ball of fur.
"Sherlock ..."
He sighed.
"Not about that," John sighed. And, when Sherlock's gaze snapped back to him, hastily added: "Well, not
"Want me to come along?" John asked.
"A room for the night?" Garry asked, already rummaging for a key.
Silence had saved the Psy. He knew the other races could not understand this, but in the end, the adult Psy of their generation, the ones not yet mad but still feeling, had looked at their children and chosen to teach them not to feel rather than to watch them succumb to insanity and violence.
A small smile formed on Sherlock's lips. "Indeed. Waiters are ideally positioned to gather all sorts of information while doing their jobs. No one pays them any more attention than strictly necessary. It's how I managed to sneak up on you at the Landmark so easily."
John reached out and grabbed the front of Sherlock's shirt, forcefully pulling him towards him just as the tree toppled and fell to the side, right onto the coffee table.
John hopped off the sofa and trotted towards him, tail wagging. It may not have been an explicit invitation, but with Sherlock you had to learn to read between the lines.
"Would you like me to watch Redbeard while you're up?"
His voice rose at the last sentence, but he really couldn't help it.
Sherlock shook in his embrace. "John..."
He remembered that, too, and grew a bit solemn at the memory of that conversation. It had very nearly broken him, having to admit to even that much, and he recalled being relieved that at least John hadn't asked any further questions. Now, he could look back on it more fondly, knowing what that conversation had kicked loose.
He turned onto his side and shuffled closer until he was pressed against Sherlock's side.
That earned him another smile but Sherlock remained silent as they finished folding the blankets and, with one last glance at the burning goat and the bustle of activity around it, disappeared into the night.
Sherlock tried to take a breath but it turned into a strangled sob halfway through and he shuddered in her arms, wrapping his own around her waist and pressing his face to her stomach in a useless attempt to hide his tears. He was so done with pretending it didn't hurt.
"The attic?"
"Well, there are no traces, no evidence, nothing. So the killer was experienced and knew what he or she was doing, right? So I figured there must be other murders like that. Unsolved ones, I mean, without a scrap of evidence. Doesn't even have to be the same kind of kill, if it's a professional hit. So I started looking through all our unsolved cases from the past two years to find the ones that fit the same criteria: clean kill, no signs of a struggle, no evidence or leads."
John laughed. "I'll never play Cluedo with you again, ....William." There was only the slightest hesitation before the name and Sherlock shot him an appreciative look which John countered with a raised eyebrow. "I keep telling you, it's impossible for the victim to have done it."
Sally is shaken awake by the driver a little while later. Could be an hour, could be less. You never know how long it will take you to get from A to B in London thanks to the traffic.
"I believe our landlady is trying her best," Sherlock told her. "But she is a deer changeling and John is not. I do not know if that makes a difference. But I thought if he was friends with one member of your pack, he must know all of you as well. You are predatory changelings, you stand a better chance of knowing what to do."
Sherlock was standing precisely where John had left him, but he was no longer alone.
Molly sighed. “You’re an idiot. You are both idiots.”
John snorted. "I did catch on a bit sooner than that, thank you very much."
"A child has gone missing," Mycroft told him, speaking quickly before he had time to hang up again. "She's been gone for four hours."
Sherlock turned around and open his mouth to reply but his datapad pinged with an incoming call and the moment was gone. When he answered the call, his voice was as smooth and cool as always. "Yes?"
John fondly shook his head. "You need to sleep. You're talking nonsense."
Sally thinks she couldn't make this up if she tried.
Lestrade snorted a laugh. "What joke?"
"Just what I was hoping to spend my day doing," John said with hardly any trace of sarcasm whatsoever.
"For the time being. Now, did your brother give you an estimate of how long this situation is going to continue?"
John lunged for him and Sherlock toppled backward, suddenly flat on his back against the steep hillside as John bore down on him. The time for words was long past.
"I dare say," Mr Hendriksen muttered and turned to John. "So you would be Dr John Watson, then."
Sherlock couldn't deny the thrill it had sent down his spine, this idea of being claimed by John. Perhaps it hadn't been much in the bigger picture of things, certainly irrelevant considering John's words following that, but it had reminded him of John's notable jealousy all these years ago when Irene Adler had crossed their path. Back then, Sherlock had still held on to some hope that they would eventually work this out, that if he were patient for just a bit longer, John would finally realise what was right in front of his face.
"Was he a good apprentice?"
The door opened, admitting two men in expensive suits, and John wrinkled his nose as the metallic stench of Psy assaulted his senses.
"When I kiss you," John finally says, softly. "I never have this problem when I kiss you."
The man had been of slim, medium built, with close-cropped blonde hair and pale skin that suggested not enough time spent outside. He wore a perfectly tailored suit and thin leather gloves.
Did he? He couldn't remember.
Tyson shrugged. "Your choice, mate. But I'll ask around among the packs and if I find anyone with a nice cave or underground bunker, I'm going to personally drag you there by the scruff of your neck if I have to."
A bird changeling even taking the Tube was uncommon enough, but to have that same changeling be murdered by a Psy who had apparently randomly decided to break his natural mental shields was simply baffling.
But once he had brushed his teeth, changed into his pyjama trousers, and stepped into his bedroom, it was just in time to watch John crawl under the covers.
Sighing, he put the letter away again, carefully tugging it into his breast pocket. This at least he could keep close to his heart. Kind words. John's words.
. Was this why Sherlock never seemed to wear jumpers? Was he just constantly running hot?
A faint rustle of fabric told him that Sherlock was moving closer. "Did I try and buy cocaine?"
Thus, he waited. His phone was dreadfully silent and message-less at this hour of the morning and he missed receiving odd texts from John during the day. Was it possible to teach a dog how to send text messages? He would have to investigate the possibility.
John floundered for a moment. "Well, I'm sure Molly would be hap-"
Sherlock frowned. He hadn't expected dissent from John. Not in this. "But I need to
"You're engaged. You're getting married in less than a month."
Sherlock's mouth twisted. "Indeed. If there is a ghost in there, I imagine it has some quite dreadful allergies by now. Even the dust is dusty."
Frowning, Sherlock replied. “She was on her back, one arm stretched over her head, the other flung to the side. I can’t be one hundred percent precise about the position of her legs due to the wedding dress obscuring my view. There was a little footstool in front of her - she must have stood on it before she fell.”
I've still got a bunch of stories in the works, including an absolute monster of a fanfic ( a 4-part series currently estimated to clock in at 400k once I finish it and start posting) and some more reasonable fics that just need to be, uh, finished and get a bit of a polish before they're ready to be posted. I suppose I don't have to tell any of you that the above-mentioned monster has rather taken over my writing life, but I am trying to get some smaller fics finished before I subject you all to that one.
*****
"In case I change my mind?" Sherlock joked.
Sherlock snorted. "That's not going to help. Here, eat your breakfast. I put fresh water in your bowl, too, don't bother thanking me. And I'm telling you right now that we are going to use our walk today to visit our murder victim's home. It's time we solved this case."
A thousand unsaid words seemed to hang between them. John looked as if he were going to start to cry and Sherlock wondered if it was because of something he had said or if John really hated him being gone just as much as he did.
Fabric whispered against skin and John felt and heard the water slosh as Sherlock climbed into the tub with him. There was plenty of space for the two of them and John was gratified when he opened his eyes and found that Sherlock had chosen to sit almost directly next to him.
Unfortunately, Sherlock had not yet reached a point where "for the case!" was trumped by "basic decency".
