A clearly nervous servant was edging towards him bearing a covered dish, which he placed on the table next to the throne before disappearing with impressive speed. The sheikh eyed the dish then smiled knowingly and removed the cover to reveal a heavily decorated platter of what looked like..... I really,
“A court will not admit these as evidence”, the lawyer said, but I could hear the uncertainty in his words.
“Why do you say that?” I asked. It was wonderfully peaceful up here, the quiet barely disturbed by the faint sound of church bells and a train chuffing along one of the two lines that ran to London. It may have been November but it was still pleasantly warm, and I was feeling happy with life just now.
He pulled me into an embrace and we lay there on the couch, both naked as the day we were born but happy in each other's arms. This was absolutely....
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The Adventure Of The Speckled Band
'His Jumbo' blushed even more at that, but a kiss from Mr. Jukes seemed to make him happy again.
Oddly enough, they were not. As I had expected the prayer-book turned out to be a rare sixteenth century one from Scotland and the only surviving one of its type while the chair, which I had thought incredibly ugly and best suited for firewood, was from a German designer who had created it for a king (presumably one that he had disliked intensely). After all three items had indeed been assessed as having a total value in excess of ten thousand pounds¶, Mr. Jukes's cousins decided to contest the will on the grounds that their grandfather had not been of sound mind. Unfortunately for them he had pre-empted such a move by having four eminent physicians sign sworn documents confirming his sanity, so all his grandsons' efforts came to was a large legal bill. Mr. Jukes and my half-nephew sold their inheritance then purchased a large estate back up near Bamburgh where they made a name for themselves as generous philanthropists – even if one of them still blushed far too much!
“Technology is wonderful these days”, he said. “Who knows what they will produce next. Maybe some sort of dildo shaped in such a way as to deliberately keep pressing on the male prostate, so the poor sap who has to wear it out and about is in constant agony.”
“Human nature”, he said wryly. “It is part of the human psyche to want to find someone to blame when things go wrong, and we can all agree that the current world economic situation is very, very wrong. I have read the writings of this new German leader and he seems mentally disturbed, to put it politely.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Edgar, as ever, tried the innocent look that made him look like he needed the loo. I just about managed not to roll my eyes.
by Mr. Sherlock Holmes, Esquire
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
Being John, it was of course a
Finding Galahad
“The thing that I love most in my job is finding that special something in a fellow that I can ignite and that will make him into a soldier, not just a man. It took me all of five seconds to see that Scott, bless the lad, did not have as much as a scruple of it. As you say he came into the army because his father made him, something that did not surprise me in the least as the blackguard has a dreadful reputation across the March. I knew full well that Scott would fail, and I knew that when he did it would not be good.”
1918. The war finally ends – but not before someone discovers a not insignificant truth and confronts John over it.
“No. Stealing it.”
The lawyer nodded.
“That was just
“Something that you garnered from those social pages that you never read?” I teased gently.
1931. Actually the earth did move for John!
Relations between Sherlock and his eldest brother, always poor, had somehow contrived to get worse in the decade since their mother's death. Mycroft's poor behaviour over the years had as I have said ended in him being alone among the late knight's children in having to share his inheritance with most of his own offspring, which had left him with precious little. Spitefully he had even tried to contest the amount put by for Randall's widow Mrs. Smith (under the terms of Sherlock's late father's will she was entitled to half of his share albeit just the interest from the capital, with the latter going to charity once she had passed) but had only succeeded in losing what little money he had gained and more. He would doubtless have hated us both even more had he known that Mrs. Smith had only been able to fight off his efforts with Sherlock's financial backing, he having paid for her lawyer.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Around The Horne
“I was hoping that you gentlemen might take an interest in a rather difficult matter that is occurring in my home parish”, he said.
He smiled cruelly. I knew that he was a good man but even I felt cold at that. Perhaps what he was suggesting was too cruel even for....
I stared at him in shock. Jack's wife! But then…..
John really was a bad influence on me. I so missed him!
“Unhappily we have a connection”, he said. “My Aunt Brunnhilda – and yes, she really is like her name! – married a Welsh corporal called Huwel Jones and they had several children including a son, my cousin Bryn.”
“We tried that”, Mr. Dayne admitted. “It seemed to somehow supercharge our heats; we had to spend a whole week taking turns inside the poor fellow, sometimes even.... uh, together. He had to take a full week off work to get over it.”
When we went to the White Star Line offices to collect our tickets we were told that the 'Celtic's sailing had indeed been cancelled (although they used the phrase 'suspended'). I was sure that the fact I had Levi towering over me and looking somewhat hungrily at the gentleman sorting the tickets was why he very quickly offered us a free upgrade to their new ship which was making its maiden voyage in two days' time, the mighty 'Titanic'. I expected my love to jump at the chance but to my surprise he seemed unsure, so I said that we would think about it and come back to let them know the next day. There were no other sailings any time soon and I felt sorry for all those poor sailors who would be getting no pay through no fault of their own.
“Would you rather he thinks that you are someone who would break up a gentleman's marriage just so that you might sleep with him?” I asked dryly.
“The Germans would be stupid to try such a thing”, I said. “They cannot take on France
“In the murder of Mr. Alan Dallas we know that there were two shots, one at close-range and one at a distance that was most likely from the edge of the field. They key to understanding this solution of the crime hinges on which of those came first. I believe that it had to have been the distant one because we know that the victim instinctively drew his knife if he sensed the remotest hint of danger. I did consider whether Mr. Creighton Dallas had killed him as he would have been able to get close but there was clearly no motive; all that he inherited under his late brother's will were a few small family items. Miss Dallas, I quickly discovered, had never fired a gun in her life. So the distant shot
In spring we had a welcome visit from our godsons Tristram and Torre LeStrade, both then twenty-four and handsome young men who had done their Valiant father proud. Sherlock's godson Tristram had indeed followed his prodigious father into the local constabulary while my godson Torre had sort of followed my direction and was in his final year of training to be a veterinarian. Despite now being nearly fifty-two our friend and his wife had incredibly just had their
His smile faded.
“No!” I yelled.
A constable dies of sexual exhaustion after 'seeing' fifty ladies on his beat
“We had better go back to my room and think what to do”, Mr. Magnum sighed heavily. “If even you cannot think of a way out Mr. Holmes, then I might as well hand myself in.”
John stared into his empty dessert-dish, still hoping after all these years that one day his chocolate cake would somehow reappear there to be enjoyed a second time. He really was even more cute and adorable at times like that, although I would never have uttered either of those words in his presence. The one time I had actually called him cute had resulted in a Pout whose Consequences had caused us to miss the Sunday morning service.
“That is one of the less pleasant parts of a difficult case”, I sighed. “The coach of your rivals learned of your friend's preferences; I am afraid that Mr. Jukes’s predecessor as scrum-half discovered the truth and told the fellow about it, knowing him to be exceptionally narrow-minded. That was why his team broke your sport's code of honour and targeted your team-mate. When your own coach went to find out why, I am afraid that he lied to you when he said that he was thrown out of their dressing-room. His fellow coach related what he knew – greatly embellished, of course – so your coach set about ridding the team of Mr. Jukes.”
“Yes?”
I detected the slightest of reactions from my half-nephew at that and made a mental note to talk with him about it later. Evidently whatever the matter at hand was, it had clearly started
The Adventure Of The Aluminium Crotch
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
“I think it might have been Willy – Mr. Nye – our scrum-half before Ned came along”, he said reluctantly. “He’s friends with the Alnwick coach and he was around the changing-rooms at the time. Can’t be sure but I know he resented having to move position even though Ned’s miles better. Willy quit the team a few weeks back but is still around doing odd jobs.”
“Poor Bronn”, Mr. Lannister sighed. “Your invitation caught us just at the end of our heats, and it was the second time we had decided to stay in rather than go to a nearby town or village. We had to virtually carry him to the station; he was so grateful to you springing for a sleeper car that he slept the whole way down.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“I learned that from Mr. West, Mr. Galahad LeStrade's friend”, I teased, enjoying the fact that even John's scowling evidently took a lot of effort. “With what he gets to deal with on a nightly basis, he has to call on all his Latin inventiveness.”
We fairly bolted out of the train at Great Portland Street and were out onto the street in barely a minute. Our pursuer would be delayed by having to fight his way through the crowds so we had to make our lead tell. I almost shoved Lion into a cab and yelled the address at the driver, who set off at a fast trot.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Oh dear how sad never mind.
“The house trap will take you to Darsham in time to catch a train to Ipswich”, he said, and I noted with concern that he had not answered my question, “then you will have to go to Chelmsford and take a long carriage-ride to the home of his brother Mr. Hereward who lives in a place called Chipping Ongar. You will need him for what is to come. Two more things before you go, brother.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Do you see the pilots off on each flight?” I asked.
A criminal whose attempted theft of a gemstone led him to cause a 'tired' captain to strand his boat off Futility Island so that the villain could steal it from Mr. Falconbridge. Sherlock had however substituted a fake gem, and Mr. Campbell was arrested. He swore that he would get revenge by targeting John; when he escaped from gaol in 1898 he tracked him down at Brightlingsea in Essex but was prevented from finishing him off by first Sherrinford and then by Sherlock. Sherlock later lured the villain into a trap and shot him dead, having his body dumped off Futility Island.
The Adventure Of The Conk-Singleton Forgeries
The Adventure Of The Injudicious Judge
And looking guilty. With a coil of rope on the ground next to him!
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“A molly-house?” I asked once our friend had left.
“But why would I need the heavens”, he smiled, “when I have you on earth?”
I placed my hand over his in thanks. He had not even hesitated. I was sure that I could not love him any more, but I would try.
Which was why the telegram that was delivered later that day came as something of a surprise. Having just been told that our friends were still in England, I was confused to receive a message signed 'S. Holmes' from a place called Lincoln, Nebraska in the United States. That state was, if I remembered correctly, one of the middle states, so nowhere near Tennessee where we were heading. The message was short and to the point; it told me to do what my love wanted.
Whatever. I was too happy to care.
“Some people are quite insatiable”, I said innocently. Sherlock looked pointedly at me. I may or may not have gulped.
“Then let me make it up to you”, he whispered.
The Adventure Of The War Games
“It was good to see that Jo and Kit are all right”, Sherlock observed politely.
“Yes”, the fellow said. “And I thought that he seemed very nervous. He did not like me standing close to him.”
“The case, madam?” Sherlock pressed. She sighed, sounding almost disappointed.
“Why not?” the photographer asked.
The Adventure Of The Frightful Frankfurter
by Mr. Sherlock Holmes, Esquire
Given how attractive I had found most of Galloway, Mazarin village was, to be frank, something of a disappointment. It was a dour place of grey stone buildings set about a quarter of a mile from the halt which served it. My impression of it was probably not helped by a steady drizzle from an overcast sky, which cast a heavy pallor over the land beneath. There was certainly no missing Mazarin Hall, which squatted above the village on a shallow hill and had apparently been designed by someone who had been only narrowly rejected for the post of chief prison architect! The River Dee ran close to the railway just south of the halt then turned away to enter some rather dark-looking woods, there was a single standing stone set some way back from the riverside and, somewhat ominously, several men gathered around it.
"It was not your grandfather who got you that job on the railway, was it?" I pressed. "It was your mother, Lady Eleanor."
“Breakfast”, he grinned, slipping out and seemingly unaffected by our little marathon. “I shall fetch it into the main room.”
The man’s expression did not change but I definitely saw him tense. I wondered also at the use of the word 'two'.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
John winced. He got my point.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
1904. Less than a year to that cottage and a well-deserved retirement – but the dynamic duo's return to London is delayed by a case that takes them them to Galloway, where a scarecrow holds the secret to a murder.
The history of Sherlock's 'other' family.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
1927. Confetti, it's a wedding! And someone is definitely master in his own home (just don't tell the wife because... er......)
“Oh?” he said. “So this article in a society magazine about two elderly gentlemen, one a retired public servant and the other ex-military, both incapacitated through, and I quite, 'too much exercise for those of their age?”
With the country still struggling to cover from the Depression, the government was holding a Silver Jubilee to mark King George the Fifth's twenty-five years on the throne so Chuffingden was once more bedecked in red, white and blue. I felt privately that the gathering clouds over Germany's increasing aggression coupled with our beloved monarch's worrisome son and heir who seemed to actually admire Herr Hitler could not be so easily partied away, but I kept my thoughts to myself and the resident mind-reader. Besides, we marked the occasion with three sets of patriotic panties, none of which would survive to see 1936.
Bless him, Sherlock had even had my personal monogram, the letter 'W' stylized as an electric charge, engraved on both the doors. The back seats were however quite narrow, and it was fortunate that even at sixty-seven my love was as flexible as ever. We christened not only the back seats but the front ones and, in a feat which left me needing a long lie down afterwards, both at the same time!
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
John had been reading me an article about how I was to be honoured by an electric railway locomotive of all things. The Metropolitan Railway in London had had twenty of the things† rebuilt and were naming them all, with number 8 set to be 'Sherlock Holmes'. I would be joining the likes of Cromwell, Byron, Gladstone, Disraeli, Dick Whittington and Sir Christopher Wren. Some sassy doctor had remarked that this new technology was all very well but they needed a lot of charging to get going.
John did not pout at the mention of the fellow's name but followed me as we went into a small quayside office and asked after Mr. Day Penmarrick. We were fortunate; he was undertaking some repairs to the 'Saucy Jane' and we were told it was had a black hull with a thick white stripe along the side. It proved easy to find, as did Mr. Penmarrick.
I sniffed. But it was a manly sniff. And someone could stop looking at me like that.
Sherlock smiled.
Over a ton of stories about lusty fishermen in Dalmatia
The landlady was clearly disappointed that we were not seeking rooms and Sherlock cut straight to the point.
That much.
Look, at my age he should have been damn well grateful!
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
sneaky bastard!
She looked at me as if she wanted to hit me. I really hoped that she would try; John would take her down in a flash.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Do you know who did it?” I asked.
1939. Just remember, that inheritance might just come with a surprise bonus!
A short 250-yard street running north-west from Great Russell Street to where it meets the south-western corner of Russell Square. Montaigu-les-Bois is the village where the Montagu family, later the Dukes of Bedford who own much land in the area, hailed from in Normandy. This was also the nearest address to Sherlock's parents' house in Guilford Street which could be reached by cutting across the Square; for some strange and inexplicable reason he did not like to be reminded of this! It was ¾-mile away from the Bloomsbury Surgery so the closest of the four addresses to that as well, although not by much. Today the Bedford Estates are on the eastern side of the road (where Sherlock's and John's house was; it was later demolished) while the west is entirely taken up with the British Museum.
I woke at just before five the following morning and decided that enough was enough. I had promised to remain in London until Monday and Monday was now here, albeit just. I washed and shaved quickly, then raced downstairs. To my surprise Mrs. Rockland, never usually an early riser, was up and standing by the door holding a paper bag.
The Adventure Of No-Man's-Land
Third cup.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The village seemed unusually quiet and, rather oddly for that time on a Tuesday, the shop was shut with a rack of newspapers and an honesty box on the wall outside. Puzzled, I deposited my coins and took a newspaper, reading the main headline. Then I froze.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
We both laughed.
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
“I am surprised that they have the time to do it”, I ventured.
That was maybe stretching the truth slightly. I had had Miss St. Leger find me four very large Northumbrian men who had visited Bamburgh and ‘strongly advised’ Mr. Nye to leave the area. While he still had the use of his legs!
“You and Mr. Jukes both work for the North Eastern Railway?” I asked, playing for time. He nodded.
The Adventure Of The Dying Detective
The End Of The Peer
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
I smiled. At least as she was going all gooey-eyed over some sad-looking soldier in a photograph, she would not be simpering at.....
“Why?” I asked mulishly. I had planned to go for a drive in the Charger today but someone's wake-up call meant that all that juddering on my poor aching backside.... no. Even with our best cushion I still ached.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
of consequences. Not just the ruination of your business which I suppose might be considered of some small import, but death and panic on an unimaginable scale.”
“Not by my grandfather's wide definition of the word!” Mr. Jukes smiled. “He had us in here to read it which I thought a bit odd; there are much larger rooms in this barn of a place. He also insisted on telling us that he was reading it word for word; legal reasons, I suppose.”
“The money was drawn out of a recently opened bank account at Lloyd's Bank in Derby on Thursday the twelfth”, he said. “A false name, of course. I do however have more hopes of the railway ticket. No-one at the station remembers seeing Mr. Leeds and he often went there to see his lady-friend off on the train. She lives in Irchester, the next stop south of here towards London.”
Fortunately there are advantages to having money and influence. Sherlock was able to buy the farm himself and limit the restored Upper Chuffingden to two sets of terraced houses. Which as things turned out would be very useful.
I looked down into the little dean and the village below us and sighed. Anne had called earlier that day; Ivan was having nightmares most nights but otherwise was doing better than I had expected given some of the horror stories that I had read about returning soldiers elsewhere. Much as I did not feel it, I knew that we had been extremely fortunate.
“You mentioned that you were held for a long time at one station”, I said carefully. “Was it Darsham, by any chance?”
That was it. I came violently, moaning my release to the four close walls and he followed me barely a second later, painting my chest with his spend. It was heaven.
The Adventure Of The Houseboys
The Adventure Of The Troubled Tawer
by Sergeant Odin D'Arcy
The other annoying thing is that young Tobias has a lion's mane of hair while I (like my old dad) started going bald in my late twenties and have shaved my head ever since. Gives me the barely controlled savage look, which is a lot better when dealing with criminals than a nancy who looks as if he's just emerged from six hours in the hairdresser's while still styling their precious locks. And despite what some smart-arses at the station say we're
I smiled and reached across to take his lover by the hand.
I was about to wonder at how he had gotten from cinematography to sexual aids when I saw what had presumably come in the post that morning. I gulped in fear.
, and the boy had come to see us afterwards grousing that his stepfather smirked far, far too much. I agreed; as I told my love, smirking was really an annoying thing.
“Wow!” I managed weakly.
Mercifully he was searching the small cupboard in which we kept the dirty washing basket so he did not see my face turning bright red. I had made it through the week partly by taking that jumper and sleeping with it, the lingering scent of Sherlock keeping me going when I could not have the man himself. In my excitement at his return I had forgotten to add it to the rest of today's dirty laundry. It was still folded away neatly under our bed, doubtless full of my own scent as well as his. I might as well have placed a signed confession of my idiocy on top of it.
“What motive could young Mr. Fleet have had?” I wondered as we walked back to the corner of the fatal field. It was almost lunch-time but a fog hung over the place blotting out much of the light, and the stone stood out eerily against the skyline. “Or do you think that there was something between him and Miss Dallas, and that her father objected?”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The man before me lowered his head.
What had made me even angrier however was the discovery soon afterwards that the major had been informed not just by Anne but also by the Army of his son's actions, and they had been offered the chance to have him returned home only for the bastard to insist that the full punishment be carried out. Had it not been for the wonderful Lieutenant Carton-Jones (who survived the war but was severely traumatized by his experience; Sherlock and I made sure to take care of both him and his family in Monmouthshire) we would not have known until it would have been too late. I hated the villainous squire for that!
“Unfortunately one of her guests nearly exposes her actions when he 'slips his leash' one day and takes advantage of Miss Wolferton leaving some mushrooms behind on her plate. He is a small man – that was how I knew that fact, doctor – and his size makes him more susceptible that most. He is saved by a fortunately-placed beach-tent even if the lady inside it is somewhat traumatized, and his landlady is subsequently more careful. So once more all marches well – until her neighbour turns out to know a consulting detective who comes down for a holiday and finds out what has been going on.”
The young fellow who got out of the driver's side and could not have been twenty years of age was horribly familiar, even though I was sure that we had never met. Nearly sixty years since that ghastly Cornish fisherman had leered at Sherlock's backside in the Scilly Isles, over thirty since the teasing bastard's nephew had done the same, then one family member after another, and now this? My luck could not be this bad!
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
I did not, but the look on my father's face suggested that in fact I did. Like in the next five seconds.
“Russian”, he said.
Eleven months to go.
that I benefited. I do not remember much of that autumn for some reason.
“What happened?” I asked.
The general election in January of that year solved nothing; the Liberals lost over a hundred seats but clung on to power with the support of the Irish parties. Thus Mr. Asquith remained as prime minister and was still determined to force through the Parliament Act, giving the lower house supremacy in all matters. The king then promised to create enough new peers to change the balance of the Upper House and the Lords had to withdraw their opposition. Even the death that May of 'Edward the Caresser' – without whom to be fair we might well not have secured our
know how the game is played!”
It was a cruel question for I already knew the answer, even before my nephew's fierce blush confirmed it.
“I am not sure as to why even someone with your dislike of felines would wish to do that”, Sherlock said dryly. “So you are against such edifices?”
Sherlock seemed unusually thoughtful and did not answer. Instead he led me back to the field in order to begin our examination of the area. The place was not even and the slope down to where it met the wood was a notable one, so I doubted that anyone could have shot the victim from there. We then worked our way along one side of the field without finding anything.
“A dual door, one that splits and opens downwards dropping him onto a large feather mattress”, he said. “There are footmarks on the stage; you cannot see those from the audience of course but unless someone stands
“It is all part of life”, Sherlock agreed. “So, why did you need us here?”
He undid the blindfold and I was temporarily blinded by the brightness of the early evening light even though the sun itself was just over the crest of the hill. Then I stared in astonishment at the sight before me.
by Mr. Sherlock Holmes, Esquire
“I am so, so sorry”, he said glumly. “You have no idea how much I wanted this to be something – anything! – else. I looked up George Dundas when I had my first suspicions. He and the late Lady Alice had the same birthday –
Being the mind-reader that he is, I was sure that Sherlock must have known my concerns about his grandsons and their medical histories. Fortunately the birth last year of his great-grandson Tobias had soothed some of our mutual fears, and this year young Lord Harry hit the jackpot when the Twin Tendency reasserted itself with two brothers, Harry and Alexander. To cap it all my nephew Stephen's wife gave birth to a daughter who was named Henrietta after her grandmother. Indeed, it was a year for new things.
My twin walked round to the side of a small lectern and pulled a large metal lever. There was a mechanical sound from nearby – odd, I thought considering that we were floating on clouds. Then a familiar solid black figure rose majestically out of the clouds and... all that moisture was bound to make someone's eyes start watering.
“At home with Mother and Father, I think”, I said. “Why? Is something the matter?”
The journey to the cottage seemed interminably long – some bastard insisted that we could not have sex on the train as 'we would need our energy for later' – and we finally rolled into Berwick Station where the carriage Sherlock had arranged took us the remaining miles to our new home.
The son of Muriel and Randall Holmes, later adopted by the latter who was his natural father. A waste of space, he betrayed the country in 1918 during the final German offensive in the Great War and was shot after having been captured while fleeing to Germany.
→→→→→→1.1.1.1.1.1.1: Benjamin IV (2008-)
Sherlock pulled out a notebook and added the school to the impressively long list of places that we had been banned from. We were so bad!
“I take it His Majesty is well?” I asked.
“And that fellow still leers at you when he has
A hospital-themed saga; little known except that it featured rhubarb
“I do not think that I have a grandson any longer”, the old man said darkly.
“But what am I going to do with all that money, sirs?” Benji almost wailed. “Mr. Luke took care of me but I never had this much in my whole life!”
I reminded him sternly. “In modern war there are limits on the use of deadly weapons, doctor. Sir, what are the names of these ruffians who are bent on destroying your business?”
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
“As I said this is Arbir, not England”, the sheikh said laconically. “But after eating the 'veg' of the first lot of offenders, I suppose that I had better not have too much or I will start putting on weight.”
The constable had if anything understated matters; Miss Charlotte Dallas refused point blank to allow anyone to look at her father’s body. At least until Sherlock started on her.
He trailed off, looking cautiously at what was now his father-in-law.
Late on Thursday he actually fell asleep while impaling me in the bath, which embarrassed him horribly. I could see that he was flagging so while he was using the bathroom I covertly raised the Cornish flag on the flagpole outside.
coughing now, the bastard! – but in this one instance a more direct involvement was needed as one of my relations wrote requesting my help. And by one of those freakishly strange coincidences, he wrote from an address that was only yards away from Watson’s former home in Northumberland! So to England’s most northerly county we went to meet my unknowing half-nephew, Mr. Brencis Bassett-Evans.
“It happened when John was in Egypt in the mid-eighties”, he said. “A combination of past misdeeds by one of his ancestors that would have sullied his name even today, coupled with my own foolish attempt to keep that from him, led to his spending three years supporting the fight against the mad Mahdists in the Sudan. A modern penance, I suppose you might call it. John met your mother during that time; she was already in a relationship with the man you thought was your father, but she somehow 'forgot' to mention that minor detail to him – until as they say, the morning after the night before.”
I made the mistake of mentioning this to Sherlock and realized a moment too late that he might take it as an invitation to stop. Perhaps that proved that I was finally beginning to go senile; he proceeded to walk me all around the cottage while holding me impaled on his cock! I broke yet another cock-ring (not the platinum one, thankfully); they really do not make things like they used to.
, General”, I said. “It seems that you have descended to the base level of verbal and sometimes even physical abuse of your wife, and have also pursued such foul behaviour against your youngest son.”
“Seventeen is Mr. Cowper's route, the semi-fast from London as far as Leicester, sir”, the station-master explained. “Each conductor has his own clippers, with a different letter on them; there's hell to pay if they lose them! Mr. Cowper's letter is 'A', so he had to have clipped that ticket.”
The Adventure Of Prince Charming
“Tonight”, I promised. “Besides it is Saturday, so that will give you something to seek forgiveness for when we go to church on Sunday morning.”
“Carl”, he said warningly, “if I go and then find what you have just said is untrue, you know that I will come straight back without seeing her. I mean it!”
“Not the American ambassador in London”, I said. “The Straffordian ambassador for the Hawaiian Islands.”
He looked as horrified as Randall had been the day before.
“Another Cornish name”, he said. “There is a village called St. Day up near Camborne. You see, the railway company did consider extending the main line but is instead starting an omnibus service between Marazion, which lies east of Penzance, and Newlyn which lies a few miles north of Mousehole.”
“Not at all”, he smiled. “You will need all the rest you can get. Tonight, I am digging out the Roman gladiator uniform.”
“Of course”, he said. “The one that you ringed in that catalogue that you keep under the bed.”
Sequel to Brian's Got Talent, featuring the late man's three horny brothers
“That is unfair, sir”, I said firmly. “He is a good friend to you. If he had not besought himself to approach me for aid, you might well have been duped.”
“No, he and Colt are as bad as ever”, Mr. Wolf grinned. “They were kind enough to take the children for a week recently so I could take Edie to Scotland after the birth of Octavian; she was a little down after being advised to have no more children although I was quite relieved if truth be told as eight of the little blighters running around is more than enough for me! Plus to see Colt weeping buckets with Kay in his arms – it was wonderful. Although it is family that brings me here today.”
The Adventure Of The Colourful Stripper
“You”, he muttered, “are terrible!”
Most of the village. Ned damn well decided to 'celebrate; with a whole load of stuff he'd somehow got hold of from some place in London, thankfully at the start of a weekend we both had off. Which was good – as even by Monday I was barely able to walk!
→1.3: Elizabeth (1886-1944), died in a V2 rocket attack
My love also kept me updated regularly thereafter although the news was mixed; the time of the wedding and reception meant that he could not make the afternoon ferry back to the mainland but the hotel owner in Achnacroish had put him in contact with a local fisherman who could take him over to Connel (on the line into Oban and slightly nearer to the island) on Sunday morning from where he could get a train connecting with the night sleeper to London. Further telegrams on his way back from Glasgow and London only heightened my expectations and the welcome-home sex was amazing for two men in their fifties!
“It was partly my fault”, I muttered. Ivan had wanted to see the Holy Land, and I had used my (Sherlock's) influence to get him into a regiment that had been assigned there. Yet it had so nearly got him killed.
“Only the one”, he said. “A new housemaid, Lily, started last Christmas.”
“Although I would much rather not discuss such matters”, I said looking at Mr. McCall, “my investigations into your father uncovered that he is even more of a brute than I had first thought, incredible though that seems. Your mother, alas, is one of those brave ladies who is resigned to her fate so I was compelled to do something rather unorthodox. A burglar friend of mine broke into her home and stole her diary which I then had copied before he returned it, undetected. I believed, and I was correct to believe, that she would use that book as an outlet for her sorrows at her so-called husband's foul treatment.”
pouting, whatever anyone said. We had two guests at the cottage, one of whom was my least-favourite Cornish ex-fisherman of all time Mr. Laurence Trevelyan. And Sherlock did not need to keep calling the fellow by his old name of Lowen; he surely knew how much that annoyed me. It was fortunate that I knew he was too good to be doing it on purpose.
I looked pointedly at him.
Captain of H.M.S. Celerity who ran down and killed three men in the cutter Alicia then left them to drown. Sherlock demanded his removal from the Navy which he got, but the villain's friends immediately got him a job at a private company that only did naval work (i.e. a front). He was then shot at on several occasions until he finally got the hint and left for France. Such a shame that he fell overboard on the way over....
A Journey On The 'U.S.S. Enterprise'
The Adventure Of The Blanched Soldier
“He wants to make a film† about the Wriothesley case, 'A Study In Scarlet'”, I said, handing him the bag and not commenting on the happy whimpers that I got in return. “He thinks that it will be a great success, inviting the masses in to stare at our doings.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
I pulled a face and put the rest of the sticky chocolate bar down. These 'Mars bars' were far too sickly for my liking; their Whole Nut rivals were so much better.
“I think that we might go down to Biddleston Hall tomorrow and conclude this case”, he said.
Based on Mr. Henry Percy and his unique 'cab-bed'
“This does sound rather interesting”, Sherlock said. “I am sure that the capital's criminal fraternity would not object to our absence for a few more days. If the good doctor has no objection then we will accompany you back across the Border.”
“You are saying that my shop – I – could be infected?” he gasped.
to have come first, which in turn means that the shooter had to have been highly skilled.
“A cab is waiting outside, sir”, she said, handing the bag to me. “Bacon sandwiches for the journey. You should make the first train North easily enough.”
As we approached Epping there was no sign of the doctor – I had not expected there to be as I had noted the train coming up behind us just as we had entered the town – and we hurried in at the gateway. For a brief moment my heart soared in relief. There, picking early Bramleys off one of the trees in the grounds was Lion looking totally unharmed and.....
“That was what you meant when you said that the two gentlemen worked 'around the back'?” I asked. “They work here and that gives LeStrade's grandson the extra money.”
The man shrank back before his anger. Sherlock was terrifying when roused, as I (and my backside) knew well full. And the photographer really could have invested in some padded seats.
Some perverted blue-eyed detective insisted of course on 'testing' said equipment on me first. I mean, a stethoscope being used for.... really?
“Absolutely not!” he said firmly, blanching at the prospect. “If that dratted woman comes anywhere near this place I am reaching for my shotgun, diplomatic niceties be damned! But if Hector agrees then I shall invite Miss Woodhouse up for the day – provided that she promises not to bring her loud friend! – and we shall see what we shall see.”
“You”, he grumbled, “are getting worse!”
“Get some clothes on,
“Now”, my father said heavily, “why were you two fighting?”
“I did call at your cottage yesterday”, he said in a tone of mild reproof. “Unfortunately that must have been you were busy.”
“When the diva doctor has finished bowing to the assembled throng”, a voice came from right next to my ear, “we might perchance leave.”
“Where is your brother, sir?” Mr. Holmes asked urgently.
“I will need it!” he said fervently.
The Adventure Of The Father-Figure
The Adventure Of The Faithful Constable
“No, my nephew”, he said. “My late sister's boy David; she and her husband died in a train crash and left me in charge of his upbringing, at least until he is twenty-one. It was taken a few years back.”
The Adventure Of The Innocent Murderer
“I know that some transatlantic liners call in at Belfast, which is easily reached from Portpatrick not far from here”, Sherlock said. “Well, I shall wish you good luck if you do decide to make the great move.”
“The cab will be here in five minutes”, he said. “We should say goodbye to the old place.”
A black-haired valet who fatally conspired with Lady Antonia Moreton-Coles in the theft of her beryl coronet as she wanted a divorce from her husband. She had likely promised to marry him once her divorce came through, but she shot him dead instead.
Incredibly after coming on the bed, on the floor, into the fireplace and up against the window of a spare bedroom, King Lyon was hard again all evening, including the whole time that I had to talk to that dreadful woman with some bastard smirking in the background. Danny was absolutely insatiable and..... I could not wait for our next evening out.
I was suddenly having difficulty breathing as he coolly unlocked the thing and walked in. Inside there was indeed barely room to lie down and we knocked against each other as we tried to get undressed....
Sherlock looked at her in surprise.
“What about the police?” John asked.
“By the way”, he said, “I have a case coming up soon on the sea-front at Marseilles. Would you be able to accompany me?”
“Welcome to the family again, Tan!” I called out.
"Tell me how you came here", I said soothingly.
“Television?” I said, trying to stop my hat flying away in the stiff offshore breeze. “Pictures on a screen? Whatever next?”
I, John Hamish Watson, still maintain that this was not a real case and that some blue-eyed genius was being a mean meanie from Meanieville in making me include it in the Sherlock canon. But he 'persuaded' me – oh boy did he 'persuade' me! – and once I was able to hold a pen again I had to write it up.
Sequel to Dai Harder
my managers not to take any retribution against my employees”, Sherlock said firmly. “Those instructions were delivered to you by registered post, so I know for a fact that you received them.”
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
“Mind the tree”, Sherlock said reprovingly as our great-nephew turned sharply by the 'over-decorated over-burdened spider-infested fire-hazard' (his words) in the corner of the room. The young man glared at us both then stormed upstairs, huffing as he went.
His brother reddened. I began to get a bad feeling.
“Then I would follow that up by suggesting to Mother that she pursues her most excellent idea of having you and Muriel move in with her.”
He grinned lasciviously at me. I looked at him in confusion for some time before I got it. He was talking about.... me getting it!
“Why did you get Mrs. Smith to wash it?” he asked.
I was surprised.
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
The superintendent smiled his thanks.
I was out the room and halfway down the garden path in under a minute. But I still heard Edgar's first scream. I would have smiled, but somehow my mother would have known so I did not.
“Unfortunately there is also the boy to consider”, I said ruefully. “Would you like to be in his shoes when or if his father catches up with him?”
“Then it is our pleasure to wish you good day”, I said. “Once I have informed the general of the way things are, I will send a telegram to let you know all is well. Mr. Hale, I am trusting you with something most precious. Do not let me down.”
“Be not afraid”, Sherlock assured him. “Your mother was merely concerned that you were making your contribution to your father's hospital bills by selling your body in, ahem, rather less desirable ways.”
“Yes.”
“Do you have his ticket to Derby?” Sherlock asked.
“So you suspected him from the start?” I asked. He nodded.
“Henry – 'Heinrich' – is dead”, Sherlock said quietly as we sat on the bench outside the cottage.
1912. Money cannot help some situations. Sherlock and John can only watch – for now.
“I used to come here as a boy and just stare out to sea for hours on end”, John said as we walked along a sandy beach towards the impressive castle, looming large on the horizon. “Some days I would only get as far as Budle and paddle in the bay there but most times I made it here and imagined myself a brave knight back in ancient times, even if that was more medieval than Dark Ages England.”
“May I be helping you gentlemen?” she asked politely.
The Adventure Of The White Daffodils
“Uh huh?”
There were two happenings in the short period between All Hallow's Day and Guy Fawkes's Night that year, one good and one bad. First the good which involved my dear friend Benji, or as John called him 'that leering fellow who came over far too often'. Benji was certainly prodigious; in the autumn of the previous year his wife Bertha had given birth to twin girls (Sarah and Jane) and now she was pregnant again with what would be their twentieth (and, as it turned out almost certainly to her relief, last) child. I knew that Luke had helped the family financially especially after he had become godson to 'Luke The Second' (number sixteen) three years back. I had helped Benji's eldest son and namesake get onto the teaching course that he had been after and his second boy William was now applying to join the Army. John of course had provided free medical treatment to them all and that particular day he was called round to Bertha who had gone into labour some two weeks before her due day. Fortunately he was able to safely deliver her of a son whom they called Stafford (Bertha's mother's maiden name) although I know that the fight to save both mother and child took a lot out of my love.
Sherlock smiled and let me do what I wanted until I was ready, then finished undressing me and led me into the bath seating himself behind me and easing me down to rest against him. I was surprised that he was not even hard but then neither was I.
I gave him a sharp look.
“I know that I am being silly and melodramatic”, she said, “but the moment I saw that photograph I wanted to know more of that poor man. He looked so handsome and so…. I know that it is an odd thing to say but so
“There is no danger?” I asked warily.
“I also have to thank you again for sorting out that ghastly woman who tried to blackmail our grandson”, the superintendent smiled.
He shifted slightly in his chair. From experience I could see the harness underneath his jacket and shirt. The policeman caught me looking and blushed.
The Adventure Of The Unkindest Cut
“Go on”, I said.
“Not exactly”, he grinned. “From when she hit Mycroft. He will be in hospital for the next two weeks which hopefully will give him plenty of time to learn to think before he acts in future. When he gets out it will be to discover that 'someone' gave Mother his latest address and she has had every one of his possessions removed and sold!”
“You are right”, the sergeant said. “I would favour the other employee, Mr. Gerald Brown. Twenty-four, a right little know-all and – here's the good part – the previous recipient of Miss Ockham's favours before Mr. Leeds came to town and she upgraded to a better model. Our Mr. Brown thinks a great deal of himself, without much cause; Mr. Major made a point of telling me – twice – that there was no love lost between the two young men. Typically the sod has a pretty much watertight alibi for the time of the attack. He was helping out with a theatre group that he works with in town. He might have been able to slip away for a few minutes perhaps but nothing more. There's no way he can have left town and got back again, though like the others he could have hired someone else to do the attack. Sunday morning he also went to church and the vicar remembers talking to him as he left.”
“Watch!” I grinned.
“Who?” John asked.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
"His grandfather is from just north of Newcastle", he said. "Can't remember the name of the place, except it started with a 'B'. He got him a post on the railway on the loop line through Wooler and Coldstream but had been looking to get him somewhere on the main line as it runs a few miles from his grandfather's place. The old fellow isn’t in the best of health and Ned wants to keep an eye on him. Luckily his station-master put in a good word for him and he moved in at Belford.”
The Adventure Of The Quietest Place
“Then you will eat it naked while I make you achieve sexual release as often as possible!”
The Adventure Of The Flaxen Saxon
The Adventure Of The Fountain-Pen
“Just the one tomorrow night”, he said. “I shall get you both tickets.”
Mr. Malone and Mrs. Malone had gone out for a drive so we took a walk along the sea-front before returning to Rensselaer and telling them all. I looked north to where the downs began, and sighed. Somewhere out there was a beautiful cottage just for us, and we were so close.
Sherlock's unpleasant eldest full brother. After his divorce from Rachael, her marriage to Blaze, and Lady Holmes's accepting of the new arrangement, Mycroft became increasingly embittered. Losing all his money in the Wall Street Crash he naturally blamed his ex-wife and eventually turned up on her doorstep to demand restitution. He got a bit carried away....
“Take me inside”, I muttered shivering slightly.
At least that autumn brought an end to the Balkan War, although it would prove to be a temporary one. Tensions across the Continent were rising, and it would only take one idiot with an itchy trigger-finger to set things off. This was one time when fearing the worst looked to be the safest of bets.
I had visited Edgeware on the Thursday, so on Friday I decided to play a hunch and make a call on the young Mr. David Cooper who lived in nearby Stanmore. If I was correct in what I thought was behind all this, then there was one way that I could be sure.
“Never mind”, I said consolingly. “I shall have you buried out in the back garden beneath a cross and the words, 'Here Lies John Hamish Watson, Sexed To His End And Happy Ever After'.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“I shall fetch my records at once!” the photographer said, almost falling out of his chair in his eagerness to help.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Born in 1622 as Freewill Hawke to a Puritan family whose roots were in Lincolnshire but who were already in the Bourne Valley, their current home in Wiltshire. He took his new name at the start of the English Civil War in 1642 when he left the family home. His father and elder brother both died in the Battle of Langport (1645) and as a Royalist he was debarred from inheriting, the lands being seized by Parliament. He assisted the future King Charles the Second's flight after the disastrous Battle of Worcester in 1651 and regained the family lands on the Restoration in 1660 due to the timely (possibly too timely?) death of the new owner. After his daughter Jane became the king's mistress he was elevated to a lordship.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
I was relieved at that for I was rather hungry, though I suspected that the crispy bacon that this place served may just have encouraged Sherlock to delay our departure. I devoured my own food quickly and we were waiting outside when a police carriage drew up. The man driving it was Sergeant Glenmarrick and he was visibly relieved to see us.
I had several scores to settle with Sergeant Craig Whitefeather, and had I not been busy planning for my future happiness with John then his time would surely have come. And there was also his inactivity over my nephew Mr. Frensberg's problems which I owed him for. I looked at our guest shrewdly.
My nephew smiled, clearly relieved.
“Perhaps you might add the word of the scientists down at Oxford”, Sherlock said, “who also found
whimper!
“An essential part of her plans is that the attack has to take place on a Saturday. It is here however that she has her first piece of bad luck. Perhaps nettled by her temporary beau's happiness at his success, she makes a comment about his overly long hair and he decides to cut it without telling her. The lion loses his mane on Friday, the consequences of which will shortly become clear.”
been there for me. I just never realized it until it was too late. Everything you have done, every crazy stunt, was all for me. To keep my mind off all the hurtful things. And then you left, to save me,”
The men walked towards one another, slowly,  like they were afraid the other might bolt.
“There was a lot of things. Can we not ruin the moment by talking about the past?”
“Bloody hell!” John exclaimed as he fell for the umpteenth time that morning. “No, no, don’t help me I’ll get the hang of it again soon enough.” John watched as Sherlock gracefully skated a circle around him and then stopped within inches of him with his hand out. Sighing John gave in and took the offered hand.
“I did. I was feeling rather festive after our last case.”
“If I may interject, Sherlock, you also threatened Alasdair.”
Sherlock moaned. John tasted good, he felt good against him. But he also felt like an idiot, he’d been missing out on this for how long? Sherlock wrapped his arms around John trying to pull him even closer.
“Me reckless? As I recall Otaktay is the reckless one.”
get your email?”
your bearings, Sherlock.” And with a huff, Mycroft sauntered out of the room.
“Dada, I need to use the loo.”
“No. Just you John, Otaktay, Rayne and Greg. Humans. And not really even, since I am only half Unhcegila I am not driven by the need for human flesh.”
“You’re too late, Sherlock already has an abundance of wrinkles.” Mycroft joked smiling.
After showering quickly Sherlock left to feed. The need to be by John’s side was strong, even in the light of day he still felt something was off, maybe even wrong with John.
“That does not sound too bad”, he said.
I looked hard at Mr. Lannister, who blushed.
“We're the biggest chaps in the team!” Mr. Bassett-Evans said firmly. “We'll see Ned right!
“Did you two really get in a water fight? I mean, of all times?”
John saw the way the man reacted, his eyes going wide at the contact, he mistakenly thought it was because Rosie was filthy and was getting dirt wall over his nice clothing. Gathering Rosie to him he admonished her gently, “Come now Rosie, we mustn’t dirty the nice man’s clothes.”
They were now well on their way into the fall season, and the dropping temperatures were presenting problems not previously foreseen.
As John was pulling away Sherlock placed a shaky hand on his forearm stalling him. “You look horrible John, are you okay?”
“And did you let him?”
“What do you mean? Where is here? Am I dreaming?”
“John.”
Shocked into action Sherlock struck out, trying to push Alasdair off of him, but Alasdair was not only strong he was also older, more powerful and something none of them quite understood. Finally, Alasdair released his mouth, the older vamp was breathing heavy which Sherlock found odd. He was staring at him as though he wanted to tear Sherlock’s clothes off then and there. He didn’t even seem to notice Sherlock’s struggles.
John set about putting up a tent around Sherlock and Rosie. He had scooted Rosie's chair closer to the beanstalk and had her wrapped in an alarming amount of blankets, you could barely see the child.
“So, yes several months now. She is a bright young pupil, but how did you not know she was sneaking off?”
"Simple. You are of his line and he already shares a direct link with you. Both through blood and magic. I think he was able to manipulate you to act against your better judgement."
“Just checking on you dear. You’ve been so quiet the last couple of weeks."
“What? Let me see.” Sherlock sat down in John’s lap so he could see the screen better.
“I felt fine. Like I was just standing in front of another person. But I am the
“Could you please carry Otaktay outside to the back yard under the tree. The big one.”
John stood up stretching. “Nope. Although I did find some leftover dark magic from his tie to Moriarty, I got rid of that bit. I sent magic to heal him, watched as it invaded every cell and every molecule of his body yet he remains in a comatose state. I don’t understand.”
Sherlock jerked at the first feel of John’s thick fingers opening him up. This is what he needed, what he craved. His John worshipping his body, making him feel loved and wanted. As if reading his mind, and he very well could have, John slipped between his thighs again, his cock nudging his entrance. “Mmm, I love being with you Sherlock, I love touching you, hearing you, feeling you clench around me.” John pushed all the way in, taking Sherlock’s face between his hands, “I love
Sherlock bent and gave Mrs. Hudson a kiss on the cheek and a friendly hug.
John was going stir crazy like he had predicted. 2 weeks! 2 weeks was all that had passed and the many more weeks to go. Rosie was faring better than he, in fact, she often gave him words of encouragement. Apparently, a pinkie promise was all she needed to keep her sane and hope up in seeing Sherlock. He should take a page from his daughter’s book.
John smiled at Sherlock. Oh, he had no doubt he would too. “Why did he lock you up?”
“Really?” Sherlock and John both said as they made their way to her. John placed a hand in the middle if Molly’s back looking over her shoulder. Sherlock smiled at them before turning his attention to the screen. As he read over the information on the screen he couldn’t help but reach out and take John’s free hand. He knew Molly wouldn’t be able to see them from her position in front of them. Sherlock didn’t want to cause Molly any undue distress. “You’re right! Goodness, great job Molly. Thank you for your help.”
John groaned knowing what Liam was getting at, he didn’t know why but he really didn’t want to go to the fae realm.
Sherlock shook his head. He couldn’t understand how John still thought this was all some kind of joke, he had put his heart on the line, wore it like a badge for John to see. And it was apparent that John had taken it all with a grain of salt. He let go of John, taking a step back he righted his clothes and pivoted, turning off the music. Facing John again, he gave a small bow, “Goodnight John and Happy Valentine’s Day.”
“Seriously, who are you and what've you done with Sherlock? Careless is your middle name.”
Bloody hell, he loved Sherlock. He. Loved. Sherlock. The man made him laugh, made him want to choke him, made John inescapably happy. And he couldn’t, didn’t want to imagine life without Sherlock in it. He was like the glue that kept him and Rosie together. He and his daughter faired well before but Sherlock forced them to slow down and appreciate one another, take joy in the small things and to always learn something new.
“So no one likes her.” Sherlock stated.
Sherlock sat quietly for several long moments, turning the theory over and over in his mind. And to his horror, he felt a trickle of truth to John's words.
“Actually Samantha, you will be staying in the council's quarters. Everything you need is there. Your own room, kitchen with supplies and bathrooms.”
“No, I can
John watched Sherlock give Liam a not so friendly glare and Mycroft do the same to Sherlock. If the situation wasn’t what it was John might have found it funny.
Sherlock was fuming. The giant had left roughly an hour ago stating today was the first good day of weather and he wasn’t going to waste it inside with a moping Sherlock. Moriarty had even taken his silverware from breakfast. He didn’t trust him to try and break out. Which Sherlock guess he couldn’t really blame the giant because that was exactly what he had intended on doing except he had nothing to try and pick the lock with. Sherlock had even tried forming a pike out of ice but it was too thin and fragile to pick the lock and he couldn’t use it to lift the door off its hinges because it was enchanted with some sort of magic that made the cage seamless look as if it had been made from a single piece of metal.
John slipped his arms around Sherlock's waist and spoke into his back, “You're spoiled rotten, you know that.”
John stared at Sherlock dumbfounded, “Seriously? I didn’t. Why- What made you even come to this conclusion?”
Sherlock nodded to his mother and she pulled him down placing a kiss against his cheek.
“Well, I don’t know Alasdair, but it makes more sense that he would be lying. I don’t think I was close enough to the council's quarters to one, feel threatened by Sherlock or two, affect Alasdair.”
“Mushrooms don’t grow this big.”
Mycroft gave a smug smile but it was Hyde who spoke. “After John got you out, Alasdair looked as though he was going to get handsy with Liam and Mycroft decked him.”
Sherlock bolted out the flat and down the stairs. Well, that was wholly embarrassing. Hailing a cab his mind switched back to the reason Lestrade had called him. There had been a body found, but it was where the body was found that was most intriguing to him. The body had been found in the same location that the masquerade party had taken place. Lestrade had stated that a mutual friend had told him that he’d been there that night and he wanted to see if Sherlock recognised the person, seeing how there had been no identification on the body whatsoever. Thinking back to that night, once again, he had to be honest with himself, he hadn’t paid much attention to anyone else. He might not be of any help. And why was the body just being found weeks later? It was more likely that the person had been abducted that night, killed and dumped back in the same location. And of course, he couldn't help but think of John and the way he had looked. Sherlock had spotted him as soon as he had stepped into the party. It was like John was magnetic north and he was a compass, his body just immediately tuned into him.
“Mr. Gable had married twice, both wives having predeceased him. His first died after only a short time – an illness, I am not sure what – but his second provided him with some ten children. They were however a sickly brood and only three made it to adulthood, a girl Helen and the boys Aeneas and Troilus. One can only presume that either he or the second Mrs. Gable considered themselves Greek scholars.”
An Irish Adventure
A man in his eighties should not be made to hear something like that unprepared!
“Well we do keep such things, sir”, she admitted looking over her shoulder as if she feared the police were about to raid her premises for such an egregious offence. “But the demand for them is quite low. Indeed we have only sold one to my knowledge in all the years that I have been here. I keep the sales register so I can be sure of that.”
“Have you trespassed on her imperial fiefdom for some reason?” I asked. “Why?”
should have known better!
, which I believe translates loosely into English as 'temporary mercy'”, he said. “Please note the application of the adjective 'temporary'; it is rather important. You may return to your wretched lives – but the boys here will be watching you. Constantly. If one more person going into and out of that shop that my ladies use is inconvenienced in
I understood now, but I still did not like it and pressed close to the human heater next to me who... manfully embraced me. Thankfully after only a few minutes (although it seemed longer) the process was repeated in reverse, the dawn light shooting overhead to lighten our skies once more.
Sherlock frowned as he straightened his clothes.
“Yes. Wish it could be under better circumstances for once. I believe I would enjoy your company.”
John showered quickly wanting to join Sherlock again out in the room. When he did, he saw that Sherlock was under the covers and had no shirt on.
“Alright, and I will check the newspaper and the internet for clues.
“Dada! Did you know Papa and I have the same name?”
“Taping my name to the side of the bowl and putting Mrs. Hudson last in line.”
“Okay. We mustn’t put his name in case the giant gets it, then Sherlock can deny he knows us.”
Instead of being mad about Sherlock’s rudeness Fíona smiled, seeming to be genuinely amused by his actions. “I came to warn you about my husband. He isn’t what he seems.”
“I needed advice.”
“Maybe so, but the Major certainly viewed me as competition.”
“Sorry, just trying to get all the details.”
“How did you even know?”
“Well, as you said we really don’t have much to go on yet; I suppose we do need to wait until we get more information. But to be proactive about the whole thing I will set up surveillance and search the sitting room and stairs for clues.”
“Come sit over here with me Sherlock, let's see if I can’t show you how it feels to be held.”
John frowned again.
“Correct. And since you are already keeping one of his secrets, I’ll let you in on another. Hyde was the first person I bit after turning into a lycanthrope for the first time. I think it is why he can turn into multiple animals.”
John placed a hand on the beanstalk, it was hot to the touch, even through his gloves. Maybe they would finish in time. John crossed to Sherlock picking up his mug and tossing the cold contents. He refilled his mug with the coffee cocktail and helped him drink so, making sure he drank more than last time.
“I will go settle our guest and be back to wait it out with you Liam.” Mycroft led Alasdair and Lachlan out of the house and over to the Council’s quarters.
“Because I asked him about leaving. He said he didn’t trust me not to run away. Smart of you with the hairpin.”
He was unsure how much time had passed when he heard footsteps. He didn’t turn to look, it could only be one person, and he was enjoying the scenery. He’d never been to America and surely not during the late 1800’s early 1900’s. “It’s really lovely here, and peaceful. I can see why you’d want to stay.” John turned then to face his friend. He could see Otaktay was nervous about how John would treat him this time and it made John feel guilty for his previous actions towards this generous man.
Sherlock looked at John like he was daft. “And you do?”
After only maybe fifteen or twenty minutes both Sherlock and Otaktay had fallen asleep. John ran his fingers lightly over each man where he touched, finally allowing himself to think about the situation for himself. He was now alone in his own head with his own emotions and he knew in the morning there would be an upheaval of feelings so best that he came to terms with whatever he was feeling now.
John stared Fíona in the eyes for several long moments and then nodded his understanding. “Thank you Fíona. And if everything goes accordingly, you may visit me anytime, in maybe even my family in given time.” Fíona smiled a watery smile as she disappeared.
Sherlock patted John's arm and the shorter man let him go. “Alasdair and I were playing chess and as I was walking out, I'm loathed to say he
Sherlock pulled out his phone and sent a text to Liam, Rayne, and Mycroft notifying them that Alasdair was there.
“You alright over their little bee?” Sherlock questioned.
Opening the door to their flat he stopped short. Looking at the door to the flat again, he wanted to make sure he was in the right place.
“John, really! Was that necessary? We'll just have to share the bed.”
“He was off looking for someone who had taken on the
“Not true! When I met you two, you were still dancing around each other lost.”
“Could you at least mark the doors of the ones you have?” Liam asked.
“So what I’m hearing is it isn’t John’s fault that he got all
John smiled. He felt like an idiot why hadn’t he thought about that. Jumping up from the bed he fished out of the room.
“Yes, but it could be anything Sherlock. If Mrs Hudson did not leave it I suggest we call Lestrade in.”
“Did you find out what is wrong with him then?”
“I’m thinking he told us where to find the missing people in an earlier clue. Let’s go, John.”
John’s hand slipped and the egg he had been about to crack open slipped into the bowl whole. Leaving the egg where it was for the time being John turned to Sherlock, “Excuse me?”
Sherlock felt numb, he lost all feeling in his limbs, his vision narrowed down to just John who was suddenly on his feet looking concerned.
“Yes. I’m thinkin’ the reason I affected Liam is ‘cause of his fae side. I dunno really.”
John had moved to Sherlock’s neck, sucking on the pulse, scraping his nails along it. “Doesn’t this feel like old times? Us trying to get a little privacy with a sitting room full of guests?”
“Splendid. Would you care to accompany me out?”
John smiled into Sherlock’s hair. “No, of course not. I’m doing it because- I’m doing this because I love you.”
They ate for several minutes in silence.
John stepped up. “Sorry Samantha, Sherlock is not always good with people, especially new people he has to warm up to them a bit first. Just ask Otaktay. Even though Otaktay had helped to save my life Sherlock just couldn’t take a shine to him. Now they're friends. Give us a shot.”
wanted this for a long time. Like
from her, neither does Otaktay. I think we need to have a council meeting.”
"Well, you don't love him, you can barely stomach him most days. What else might my brother offer you?"
“What is that racket?” A loud piercing voice boomed, it was the giant. “If you’re going to play something chipper why not Wagner’s Ride of the Valkyries?”
“Oh, you know, tense. So many of the fae don’t approve of me. Some are fine with me because of the power I bring and more still are tolerant of me but not Mycroft. I’ve even had to make examples of some fae who have made attempts on either myself or Mycroft.” Liam collapsed on the couch throwing a leg over the arm. “I miss this place.” he pouted as he looked around. Suddenly Mycroft appeared on the couch next to Liam, pulling him into his arms.
A moment later Sherlock's father walked down the aisle alone and sat down next to his mother, who despite the lack of Mycroft's presence was still happily beaming. This wasn't looking good, but his mother didn't seem bothered. Sherlock shot a quick glance over to John, had this all been real he would've felt bad for his friend, but he was loath to say a small- okay, a big part of him was happy Mycroft had stood John up.
“Well, Mrs hip replacement was put out of the army for misconduct. A soldier under her command reported he had been sexually harassed and her counter-story was that they were in a mutual relationship. And Mr steel rods retired but he had several blemishes on his records. Several men and women reported that he made passes at them. A man and a woman both claimed to have been sexually assaulted by him and another handful that claimed he made inappropriate remarks around and to them.”
John tried to calm himself; when he was as calm as he thought he might get he left the bathroom. Sherlock surprised him when he rushed past him and into the now empty bathroom. John made a beeline for the bed, maybe he could be sleep by time Sherlock got done. And if he wasn’t he could pretend.
Molly smiled and gave a small wave. “I took all the names of people reported missing in the last 36 hours. Your commander still isn’t up here. Good thing we alrighty know about him. But anyway I figured it'll be a lot quicker -”
He closed his eyes. Sherlock’s smooth baritone always did things to him, things better left unexplored. He waited for Sherlock to say more. Moments passed and nothing else was said. A warm hand came to rest on his shoulder, and another turned him around. John looked up, he could just make out Sherlock in light from the street.
“Um, Sherlock.”
John started down the rope first and Rosie right behind him and then Sherlock. The sound of the giant’s footfalls was getting closer. Sherlock was afraid they wouldn't make it. On the ground Sherlock took lead. They would have to run across the open floor of the kitchen and if the giant happened upon them in that moment there would be no hiding. “You see that plant right across the room? There is a whole behind it, that is where I sleep. You will have to run as fast as you can.” Sherlock looked down at Rosie and ruffled her hair. “You can run fast right?” Her eyes were already big with fear.
“Was the kiss good?”
The man's face became stony with anger, and John was struck with how familiar he seemed.
John groaned clearly exasperated. He went on his tippy toes and kissed Sherlock. “No. I believe she could if she wanted to, but she just stared at me and let me figure it out on my own.”
“No, no. It’s quite all right. That was truly amazing.”
It was a slightly longer trip than the night he and John had made it going in the opposite direction, but people were out and about working and heading home and all the other stuff that people did in the early evening. By the time he reached the place he had already rehashed that entire night and he was thankful he always wore a long coat. Stepping out of the cab he took in a deep breath trying to steady himself. Once inside he decided to forego the elevator and headed up the long winding stairs instead to the first floor where the party had taken place; he was sure that would be where he would find Lestrade.
“That would be courtesy of Handsome 1 and Handsome 2 over there.” John and Sherlock wiggled their fingers in a small wave.
“Whatever do you mean?” Mycroft questioned.
John went off in search of Sherlock and Otaktay. He found them in the room Otaktay used when he stayed with them briefly. Both men looked up when John entered.
Sherlock and John started speaking at the same time.
Sherlock turned his gaze to the father of all vampires, “Your behaviour was inexcusable. I will continue to tolerate you because your transgression was against me and not John. Had it been him just know you wouldn’t be standing here now.”
“I bet you’ve seen the world though.”
“Do you have any intentions of continuing your association with Mr Sherlock Holmes?”
“Well was I wrong?”
“Aww, you doubt me, how cute. I love you too.”
“Hot doctor huh?”
“Yes?”
They walked for a long time, making small talk about the sky and constellations and other nonconsequential things.
“So the dark mother is sending this vampire out to scout for her? How would she even know where to find us?” Liam asked.
She smiled as John inclined his head slightly. “Hello John, Sherlock.”
Sherlock yawned. “Did you see anything out of the ordinary?”
As soon as Sherlock had his jacket off John started unbuttoning Sherlock’s shirt, pushing both his jacket and shirt off in one fell swoop. Sherlock returned the favor by unbuttoning and removing John’s shirt.
“Absolutely not. Why didn't you just suggest that Otaktay get in the middle?”
“Really? Which one?”
“I use the word torture in lieu of other words. And yes, I am still uncertain of the nature of Samantha and my meeting. I was meditating, and then I was dragged into one of my not so pleasant dream meditations and then I was standing in front of her nude. But it was real, as if I had dream walked to her. I haven’t been able to dream walk since Moriarty’s death. Yet she says she didn’t summon me and claims to know nothing of magic.”
“Good morning,” John whispered before he rushed off to the bathroom, he really had to go. When he'd woken up he’d tried to detach himself and leave the bed discreetly, but as he was turning over to get up Sherlock had latched on, wrapping his limbs around him and hadn’t let go. When John returned to the room he dropped down on the bed, laying on his back he scooted closer to Sherlock.
“Yes, yes I guess I am.”
John lightly hit Sherlock on his arm, “No, not creepy. Go, you need to give Mansi the blood; please be mindful of Alasdair. I’ll start here.”
John started choking.
“Has your magic or power, whatever. Has it ever allowed you to use it against anyone who wasn’t totally guilty?” Samantha asked.
He felt Alasdair touch his mind and then move on, it was like the man was searching for Mansi. John reached out for Sherlock drawing some of the magic to him and feeding it to Mansi.
"So the planning is going well then?"
“When John’s ticket was pulled it was by the pretty lady who had been seated to his left during breakfast, Sherlock had to fight not to go and snatch John away from her greedy paws.
“Yes to the first question, no to the second.”
Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson made small talk for the remainder of the meal. And Mrs. Hudson was so entertaining that Sherlock managed to only look over at John a handful of times. He was pleased however that every time he did look, John was already looking at him.
John thought about the song that had just ended and panicked. He raced after Sherlock, grabbing his arm just before he reached his room. “Sherlock-”
“Wait!” Lestrade yelled, “Did I miss something? When did this happen? You two have said repeatedly you weren’t an item. You don’t just go from not an item to will you marry me.”
John got into a rhythm tuning everything out but the feel of his muscles and his breathing. After pumping out roughly 50 or so push ups he made his way over to the bench press. He placed about 60 pounds on both sides and laid down. Before he could lift the bar out of its housing Alasdair was standing over him, shirtless, sweaty and looking like he'd stepped from Mount Olympus. John took in the man's features, he was extremely good looking. Broad in the shoulders and not overly muscular but defined. His long rust coloured hair was now a dark auburn from sweating and was piled loosely on his head. He had funny coloured eyes, turn your head one way they looked like the green of a far away ocean, turn your head another way and the looked like a burnt amber. He had a sprinkling of hair across his jaw and chin and a sprinkling more across his chest leading down into the pair of old sweats that hung low on his hips.
to go with them and if they turned her down she was to come back here. She hasn’t returned so she must’ve gone with them.”
“All three were in the military as we know. And-” Sherlock looked up to make sure everyone was paying attention, “Each one faced some sort of situation.”
The following morning John woke to an empty bed. There was no sign of Otaktay, but Sherlock was exiting the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his hips. John sat up on his elbows to watch as Sherlock approached him. He licked his lips as he watched water slide down his body.
John just smiled sadly and shook his head.
Sherlock stepped forward, placing his hands on John's shoulders.
Mike stood up patting John on the shoulder. “You’re rather resourceful, I’m sure you’ll figure this out.” Mike started to walk out of the pub when John called out to him.
“Ahh, and the doctor bit?”
Sherlock sat nestled into the folds of the potted plant as he strummed absently on his violin. It was a song full of melancholy. It had been several days since John had whisked Rosie away. And Sherlock couldn’t blame him, it was his job to keep Rosie safe. But Sherlock hadn’t anticipated this feeling of loneliness. He missed his lessons with the little girl.
“By all means,” Sherlock said breathlessly.
Sherlock jumped to his feet, running to the end of the table he motioned for John to follow him.
Sherlock pulled Otaktay into a hug, clapping him on the back as he did. “Yes, it really is good to have you back.” Sherlock pulled away and sat back down. “I don’t know if John has filled you in on our current situation but-”
“Sherlock, what should I do? We do? I could read Fíona like an open book whereas Alasdair I can’t get a read on at all.”
Sherlock gave John one long look and then he took off. With every THUMP from the giant John and Sherlock had to fight to keep their balance. Just as John was sitting Rosie down to help Sherlock move the plant the door opened.
Sighing John couldn’t deny how content he was in the moment. In the back of his mind he knew he needed to give Sherlock time to acclimate himself to being a part of a couple, and hopefully, perhaps slowly he would open up more and allow John closer. But, at the same time, John felt impatient. He’d waited so long to be with Sherlock, now that the chance was here he just wanted to jump in doing all the things he had only dreamed about before. Logically he knew if he pushed, Sherlock would most likely retreat and he’d lose him. But it stung when Sherlock seemed to reject him, like earlier when he’d offered to hold him. Yet Sherlock was now in his bed cuddling, what was he supposed to think? He might get whiplash dating Sherlock Holmes.
“Mmm, no.”
With his vampire speed, Sherlock was up and out of the room in the blink of an eye. John ran after him. Sherlock was so impulsive, what if he was running right into- the thought died in John's mind when he saw the damage done to the house as well as what was destroyed in the process. Someone had blown up their lab. There was a gaping hole in the house where it used to stand. On the other side of that hole stood Otaktay, Hyde and Samantha.
The duo sat across from one another in Angelo’s, Sherlock had stated that he did some of his best thinking here. John was eating while Sherlock stared into space thinking.
“I can't be sure but I would. Say another two hours for sure.”
Sherlock held John, rocking him slowly, “It’s me now John. I’m here now.”
Sherlock stood up abruptly, "'Cuse me; I'm suddenly feeling very cross."
John noticed Otaktay looked very tense.
“If there was a way, a way to get away from the giant for food without causing mass hysteria when he came looking for me, would you mind terribly if I came to stay with you and Rosie?”
John looked up at Rosie prepared to say something but stopped when he saw the way she was looking at Sherlock. There were so much trust and love in her eyes he couldn’t break her heart by telling her that it wasn't possible for Sherlock to make a violin out of a bucket of water.
“Wait? John, was your friend also considered a predator?” Molly asked not knowing about Sholto.
“Oh that”, he said. “They had got some of that new decaffeinated coffee in the village shop, so I thought that we might try some.”
“I would draw your attention to two things”, he said. “The unusual pallor on the fourth man's face, and his nose.”
“None of your own guests have been behaving at all strangely?” Sherlock asked. Mrs. Malone shook her head.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Sarah is right as per usual; I do babble. I had better start at the beginning.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“How could you have known that?” he demanded.
The Adventure Of The Diamond Lock
Going downstairs I let our visitor in and could see that something was indeed wrong. He sat down on the couch and fidgeted while Sherlock slouched into the kitchen and headed for the new coffee-machine that he had brought recently. I did not like the thick brew that it produced – seriously, one could almost stand a spoon up in it! – but he adored it.
We had to open a gate to enter the farm buildings themselves and the obscenely loud creak must have drawn the attention of the occupants of that building. Three gentlemen came out and even the worst consulting detective in the world could have worked out who was who. Mr. Drake Hale was a larger, older and broader version of his son Derek who was skulking behind him; the sergeant-major had not understated just how hirsute both men were. Mr. Scott McCall was similar in build to his friend and if anything even more slender, as well as considerably less hairy. He was however rather regrettably possessed of what was presumably meant to have been a moustache, but we all make mistakes when young. Even ones as bad as that!
It was the day after we had gained yet another family member, with Tantalus's son Carl having had a fourth child, a daughter whom he was going to call Elizabeth after his wife's middle name. Sherlock had said that he had a surprise for me outside, but that it would not be ready for some twenty-four hours. And no amount of pouting would get him to let me have it earlier.
Clearly I would have to up my game here. I moved round to kiss his other ankle before working my way slowly up his left leg to where his cock was now at full mast and leaking pre-come. Not wanting to make things easy for him I switched my attentions to his left hand, gently removing it from his book and kissing each finger before taking it into my mouth then working my way up his muscled arm. He growled but continued to read his book which I could now see was one about bees. No way was I coming second to that!
“Why?” Lion asked.
“No thank you”, I said firmly. “I have everything that I want right here.”
“I am saying that we can circumvent such a thing if you would allow my friend the doctor to perform an examination”, Sherlock said soothingly. “He would accord your father all the dignity that he deserves, and he could then be laid to the rest that he has doubtless well earned. Otherwise.... I am afraid that the wheels of officialdom grind slowly at the best of times.”
“What happened?” I asked anxiously.
“I think that I forgot my keys”, Sherlock said brightly.
→→→→→1.1.1.2.4: Mary Holmes (see above)
A milkman who delivers more than a pint to his lady customers
The play finished with two of the thieves captured and one having escaped, the latter breaking into the room in which our young selves were staying, to try to kill young Sherlock Holmes in revenge. Of course bumbling young John Watson inadvertently helped save the day by completely misreading the situation but allowing Sherlock time to get his pistol from a drawer and hold the attacker at gunpoint until the police arrived a few moments later. The closing lines were Sherlock thanking me for saving his life and me not having a clue what had been going on, which was par for my evening-long humiliation. Not even close to reality.
1924. A new member of the gentry gets Sherlock's help for a third time – before he even asks for it!
“What are we planning?” he asked.
Coming as I did from a somewhat irregular family – and that had better not be a cough from any medical personage in the vicinity as I have not fully worked through Brendon’s list yet! – I knew the value of a stable family life. Once I had found out who my real father was, I had asked my friend Miss St. Leger to track-down my assorted half-brothers, half-sisters and the rest, and to see that they were all right in their lives. I shall not divulge the total that she reached in the end, save to say that my late father did not as I had half-feared match my most famous house number in his determination to leave his mark on Mankind –
I frowned.
He went suddenly very white, so obviously he had got to the bit about the celery. That was bad, although not as bad as the greengages. Wait until he reached the eggplants.....
“What can we do?” I asked anxiously.
1939. A picnic on the downs, as war once again draws nigh.
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
The Adventure Of Mr. Smith And Mr. Jones
As the huge man broke down again I thought of how lucky I was that, unlike poor Luke, I had never had to make that terrible decision. Of course I would have given John up if he had found greater happiness elsewhere, but it would surely have killed me.
When you love someone as much as I loved Vic, the one cloud that always lurks in the blue skies of your happiness is what will happen when, inevitably, one of you gets taken before the other. Fortunately having the Sight enabled me to prepare for and effectively counter that, especially when my love, despite having just passed eighty, decided on a long walk up the steep hill near our home. I knew what that would do to him so I insisted on going with him, and when his brave heart gave out having made the summit, I lay there with him and waited for the final sleep to claim us both. Which it did.
Not the time, so not the time! And someone could stop smirking like that, damn him!
The Adventure Of The Scarred Scion
We were interrupted by one of the molly-men coming in with his takings. He was a strikingly muscular fellow who had to be around forty years of age, massively broad shoulders and absurdly small hips that had to render him absurdly top-heavy. It was fortunate that I was not the jealous sort and that had still better well not be another damn smirk!
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
The Adventure Of Charles Augustus Milverton
of the two has a most striking effect. The unlucky person who has the resultant mixture in their bloodstream loses all muscular control for a period of approximately twelve hours, and the growth of their body hair increases substantially.”
By arranging for my half-nephew’s neighbour in his cottage to obtain a job elsewhere that he wanted, I also enabled Mr. Jukes to move in so he was just a connecting door away from his ‘Jumbo’. Who, he wrote, was Jumbo-sized in every department! It seemed that I had acquired another family member prone to oversharing!
The surprise, I meant. He let me have it the other way all right!
I turned away to hide my smile. Miss Radley-Barnham sounded like her friend had gone and confessed to a massacre of puppies!
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
I was still staring at.... that. Sherlock seemed totally unruffled.
A five-volume series about an Irish servant, featuring a shillelagh
sphere of influence, I suppose much as we would resent it if they somehow acquired the Shetland Isles.”
I wondered what he meant by that. Our host looked beseechingly at him.
opening the door?”
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
“He left last night for the train to Castle Douglas that connects to the west”, he said. “He was definitely gone before all this went down though; Mr. Parker the stationmaster saw him make the Portpatrick train. I telegraphed the ferry offices and they had no booking in his name, though of course he could just turn up and buy a ticket. ”
The Adventure Of The Virtuous Heir
At least Ivan was getting better now; he had not had a nightmare for nearly a whole month according to Anne. When I thought how many young men had returned in such terrible condition, mentally and physically – indeed, how many had not returned at all – I shuddered. Although I had fretted when Ivan had gone to London last weekend; a servant of his late mother had apparently kept some things for him after his father had disinherited him, and she had asked him to come and collect them. Even from the grave, the former Miss Elizabeth Bradley was causing me unease.
“What about his son?” I asked. My lost nephew's wife had given him one son, called Wilhelm after the German emperor and born last year. Her husband had cut off all communication with his English relatives after he had gone abroad.
“Where's Sherlock?” I asked.
The Adventure Of The Winning Woman
“I think a visit to the shop owner is called for”, Sherlock said. “I will need your medical expertise to back me up. I may have to stretch the truth just a little.”
“The stone and therefore the place the body was found is about thirty yards from here”, he said. “From the angle, which way do you think the victim would have been facing when he was shot.”
A Welsh male voice choir finds a new way to hit those high notes
After breakfast – and more sex-with-Sherlock-wearing-glasses – we took a cab to Liverpool Street Station and a Great Eastern Railway train all the way to King’s Lynn. From there it was on to the Midland & Great Northern Railway, and a positively antiquated train over which I had serious doubts. However the elderly locomotive moved a lot faster than it had looked capable of and it was not long before we were pulling into Biddleston Halt. The Hall could clearly be seen to the south of the nearby village so we walked the short distance in the pleasant autumn sunshine.
at times (especially after the way we had marked the festive season at the start of the year!). The first powered flight had taken place in the United States shortly before our retirement, and the year of my son Ivan's case had seen the British Army's first powered airship† heralding a new age of war that would now take to the skies. As with my concerns over eugenics which I mentioned elsewhere I increasingly felt that technology was a mixed blessing, and that Mankind might come to rue inventing some things sooner rather than later. Plus I still reserved a special dislike for those ghastly 'auto-mobiles' although my son clearly loved the metal death-traps!
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“While we are gone”, he said writing something on his notepad, “you could do me one extra favour if you would.”
“That is very high-minded of you”, Sherlock said. “Are they close cousins?”
Fortunately it was not bad for us.
“Even better”, he said. “if we press a switch when we are inside, the lantern on the top will flash on and off so that everyone will know something is happening.....”
1919. John does not pout, nor does he sulk when 'Elementary' welcomes a royal visitor and his bodyguard. Even when both the bastards leer at HIS Sherlock!
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
On this particular day we had exchanged the countryside for the seaside, paying a surprise visit to the Malones in Eastbourne. The little resort was like our own Chuffingden bedecked in red, white and blue and several roads had been closed off for street parties. I smiled both at that and the frankly frazzled looks on the faces of the elderly couple.
I pou... scowled.
“This is very bad, gentlemen”, he said. “Three deaths all by the stone. People are talking.”
I blushed. We were not
Born in 1842, his father resigned the title to him on his eighteenth birthday. Very sadly however his planned marriage to Miss Alice Olney fell through when his wife eloped on her way to the service! The disgrace proved too much and some months later he took his own life but not before fathering a boy Harry off another lady, a boy who would subsequently be raised as the son of his sister Mary hence preserving his potential right of succession. Tobias met his half-brother Sherlock when he was nineteen and the latter only seven, but left an indelible impression on him especially when he bequeathed two items to him in his will – his pipe and his deer-stalker hat. They became Sherlock's most treasured possessions; he had copies made of both and always kept the originals safely locked away.
Don't get me wrong; I don't begrudge the old man his happiness especially at his age. But that he retired and moved into the same house as Tobias Gregson of all people? Worse, the two of them almost in each other's laps as they sat there? It's bad enough without having to put up with Gregson's whelp of the same name who, and Lord alone knows how, also made sergeant this year. They chose me first of course, but then decided to scrape the bottom right off the bloody barrel for the second post that came up. I can only guess the station cat turned them down.
1927. Sherlock and John continue to be.... well, themselves, although at least when John is not scared he still gets to be held in a manly embrace. Despite that damn smirk!
“Tell me about the jumper. John.”
“A military family through and through”, he said, his eyes widening slightly as he accurately (if belatedly) divined my intentions, “including various cousins also in the military. Scottish in origin as the name suggests but that branch has been in the Welsh March for many years now. Owen told me that the general was not best pleased that a daughter of his joined our profession, but as his wife had inherited a large sum as of her own right I suppose that she was able to skirt around that. Thankfully the law these days mean that she kept the money.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
by Mr. Sherlock Holmes, Esquire
At the end of November the House of Lords rejected the controversial People's Budget, paving the way for a general election the following year. Our cottage in Sussex seemed ever more a haven from such political shenanigans.
“I asked Mr. Leeds your question, sir”, the sergeant said. “He said it was the day before the attack. Apparently Miss Ockham did not like his long hair so he thought he would surprise her with cutting it. Like Samson.”
“I do not think so”, our host said. “Third or fourth, as far as I know. Their mothers are good friends though.”
The Adventure Of The Red Leech
The Adventure Of Addleton Hall
“You are thinking that he might 'go after' a married man?” I asked. I knew that that sort of thing did happen; Campbell and Sweyn had each had to sack one of their 'boys' because of such behaviour, which was a clear breach of the contracts all men signed when they joined up, but to be fair that had been just two times in nearly four decades which when one considered the size of their 'empire' was impressive indeed. Many so-called respectable businesses would not come close to such a record.
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
The Adventure Of The Time-Traveller
He stared at me in surprise.
“I agreed an arrangement with your mother that she had promised to tell you on your twenty-first birthday”, I said. “In return I kept out of your life, much as I did not wish to. But as you neared that date your grandfather the colonel was entering his final illness then and your mother asked to delay until he was gone. She did not mention that she too was unwell; the first I knew of it was when you wrote of her passing just weeks after his. I was furious, but I could do nothing without upsetting your life completely. How did you find out, may I ask?”
“The beach-house had a red door”, I said. “Did it not?”
I stared at him. There was clearly more to that.
I quickly examined the two bodies. Mr. Heston had been shot in the chest at a fairly short range as there was no scorching, while Miss Dallas some two yards away had been shot in the back presumably while trying to flee. Sherlock looked at the two bodies with that expressionless look on his face that told me he was hiding something. I knew him well by now.
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Oh really?” he said dryly. “Do they also make these new signals while yelling very loudly, 'how do you expect me to grab that at my age'?”
“Stealing clothes?” he grinned. “Conspiring with the villagers to keep your 'crime' covered up? Openly lying to me?”
Yorks And Lancaster
“The scrum-half is the fellow who pretty much controls the backs or the defensive half of the team”, he explained. “Oftentimes the captain and nearly always a good kicker. The hooker is the middle man of the front row of the scrum and usually controls that; the props are the men either side of him.”
The earl’s eyes narrowed.
Our young visitor had come to London where he had lodged with Mr. Edward 'Ginger' Tudor, the policeman we had helped one time and who now ran Sworldand's for Miss St. Leger. This fellow had married the eldest of Ginger's four daughters; the red-headed policeman had also had eight sons so clearly he had somehow caught some of his brother-in-law Mr. Benjamin Jackson-Giles's prodigiousness! We were surrounded by horn-dogs, it seemed!
The Adventure Of The Tide-Waiter
“What is it?” I gasped.
“Which could mean a whole new village”, Sherlock said looking concerned. “There used to be a hamlet called Upper Chuffingden there in the Middle Ages before – the chapel still exists inside the farm grounds – and like Martinsthorpe back in Rutlandshire, it too was depopulated to make way for sheep. Because of that the council is much more likely to allow building on it. They might even replace the fords with bridges and widen the road across the Downs, which would mean a lot more traffic in our own village.”
“The one who is always going on about the decline in moral standards these days”, I said. “Indeed.”
Inheritor of the family's tea fortune although he looked after both his brother Inglis (Sherlock's tutor at Tarleton) and their sister Lily. He was diagnosed with a terminal illness that would have taken years to finish him. His sister was packed off to the United States for a year after Iain decided to avoid all the suffering that lay ahead of him and take his own life by poison; his brother shot him to make it look like a burglary because suicide was still considered a crime.
I made it back to the house with impressive speed for someone in their seventh decade of life and burst into the front room to find my love sat on the couch.
“They will rely on a quick victory against France, or failing that to seize its major industries in the north-east of the country”, Mr. Guilford Holmes explained. “They believe that the Russians will be slow to mobilize with their infrastructure still fairly poor, the Italians will attack south-eastern France and the Austrians will secure their own eastern borders. They also think, perhaps with more justification, that despite all we have done to prop up the Ottoman Empire they too might be brought on side or at least kept neutral. It is not so much whether they are right or wrong on all those but what the Kaiser
1904. The first year in Sussex, and despite the world continuing to get itself into assorted messes, Sherlock and John enjoy their retirement in peace.
“How did you come to be performing it?” Sherlock asked. “It is not the usual thing one sees on a London stage.”
I smiled at that. ‘Granny Rose’ was Lady Holmes's formidable aunt; her first name was Elaine but she was usually known by her middle name. I had never met her for which I was somewhat thankful as Sherlock had described as 'even worse than my mother, although nothing like as dangerous with a pen', but I knew that she had a habit of lashing out with her walking-stick at anything or anyone that displeased her, family included. On the plus side he had also said that she was obscenely rich and was stringing his brother Mycroft along as he hoped to inherit her money.
“At least he is over the moon now that Harry has had three sons and secured the dynasty”, our visitor grinned. “He says young Toby is the image of his father though how he can tell that from a baby..... well. I received good news about Herry too; he has been appointed chief engineer as we all hoped.”
Gwen falling about laughing was no help either. I sighed; even in death those two rapscallions were a total embarrassment!
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Mr. Lannister nudged Mr. Blackwater who blearily opened his eyes and looked blearily at us both.
I really should have known better.
It was good to help good people.
There was another wedding later in the year when John's niece Mary married another American, one Mr. Buckler Gerrard. As the wedding was being held all the way up in Helensburgh he had decided not to go, especially after his sister-in-law had sent us a warning note that the groom had such a big mouth, we might well hear it anyway!
The huge form of Benji shook as he sobbed in my arms. He was seventy years old now but still a fine figure of a man, although he looked a wreck.
The rest of the Sabbath was spent mostly sleeping, which John wrapped around me still occasionally growling about tolerably passable-looking Cornishmen who wanted what was his. I made sure that I only smirked when I knew he could not see me, but somehow he knew that I was doing it anyway, which made him cross. Which.... you get it.
“I did not see Mr. Trevelyan come round”, he said suspiciously.
“I need you inside me”, I said desperately wanting to tear all his clothes off of that gorgeous body but somehow managing (just) to refrain from so doing. “Take me, John. Make me yours again.”
“Several things”, Sherlock said. “Your half-brother is what is unfairly still referred to as 'a half-caste', and applying theatrical face powder completed the illusion of a white officer. Why did you misrepresent him like that, may I ask?”
→1.2: William (1884-1957), lover of Carlyon Holmes II (1884-1956), youngest son of Sherlock's half-brother General Carlyon Holmes
married my daughter?” he said quietly. The nobleman nodded.
The Adventure Of The Maiden Aunt
“Really?” she smiled. “Then who was it that I saw was standing in front of the bathroom mirror reciting lines from 'Macbeth' the other day?”
“He is a lawyer representing a young gentleman accused of industrial espionage at the place of his employment”, our visitor explained. “His client's name is Mr. Ivan Leeds.”
The feather was suddenly replaced by his smooth hand, gently rubbing me off.
“You say your friend here can solve most things, sir”, Mr. Bassett-Evans said, looking at me a shade uncertainly (I had the unfortunate thought that if he ever found out about the link between us and was annoyed about it, he could likely have buried my body without breaking a sweat). “Hope so. Don't think the team can go on much longer the way things are.”
Thinking to myself that good manners were clearly not a perquisite for advancement in the modern British Army, I turned to the suggested page in what was a catalogue for a small art gallery that I had visited with John on one occasion. It featured a photograph of a naked young gentleman entitled 'Sir Come-Scribe'; he was about twenty years of age with various pieces of clothing scattered nearby. The saucy fellow was very clearly of some flexibility from the way he was lying on a pommel-horse and holding one leg almost vertical, with only the top of his departed trousers close to the camera covering his modesty. And then only just.
“This time?” the earl said sharply. “Here?”
Electric Avenue
The Adventure Of The Hysterical Woman
The Adventure Of The Five Orange Pips
“You had a visit from Prince Pale of Strafford Island yesterday”, the pest began tersely.
Mr. Ireland took a moment to assemble his thoughts before beginning.
A Dissolution sex story set in an abbey, featuring some strange monks
“Pray tell me about it”, I urged. After all this was John’s friend. I owed it to him to do what I could.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
And there went the fast breathing again. I was so bad to him -
disorganized. Given who I slept with of an evening, I did not dare to be!
She nodded, looking fearfully at us both.
We walked over to the gathering. Close by there was a scarecrow. which I thought rather odd as there appeared to be no crops in its field.
A vicar puts brides-to-be through his (very thorough) suitability tests
“Where is he then?”
“Yes?”
A financier, murdered by Mr. Rupert Agar. He had evidence of the latter's illegal activities; Mr. Agar killed him in the back garden of his father's house, then hung his body on a tree that had been decked with presents to mark St. Oswald's Day.
“You have met Blaze, Hedrek and Jago”, he said, “so you know by now that we Trevelyans are a mixed bunch. I have one other brother, Kenal, and a younger sister, Mona. She stayed in Cornwall and married a Mr. James Penmarrick, a bit of a dolt but a decent enough fellow for a lawyer. They both live in Penzance where his business is but his eldest son, my nephew Day, lives in Mousehole – spelled 'mouse-hole' but that is Cornish for you – a village some miles south of the town, and he is in this campaign group about the new omnibus service that the Great Western Railway is starting up.”
“Do you happen to know where Mr. Cowper is now?” Sherlock asked.
“Have you spoken to him?” he asked.
It was bitterly cold in the room from the way that I was suddenly trembling. The superintendent chuckled.
Note: This Fraser Macdonald is the eldest son of the original's grandson and his wife Edith.
“Why not?” I had asked. “Surely the more countries on our side in a battle, the better?”
“Edgar was rude about Grandpa Chas”, I said firmly. “He called him a poof!”
Not this time. Damnation!
Arguable misuse of models of the Eiffel Tower
My brother had with exquisite timing made himself scarce; I so owed him for that. I smiled at my love and waited for him to realize the truth. He squinted at me, looked down at himself, then back at me again. A slow smile creased his gloriously handsome features and he waggled his eyebrows at me in a way that was only going to lead to one thing.
“He told me that someone had changed the roster for the rest of the month”, he said, wincing as he lifted his coffee to his lips. “That normally happens only when one of the pilots request it, he said, and he was worried that that German fellow had been moved to the twenty-fifth.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
We were at Beckett House, attending a ball thrown by one of those ghastly politicians who I always felt were just begging to be pushed off the nearest cliff-edge. Lady Beckett, husband of the idiot who was hosting this nightmare of an evening, was sailing around the place and I had had to work hard to avoid her, not helped by my movements being, ahem, somewhat curtailed. She was a most unpleasant woman and I did not wish to spend one moment with her if I did not have to. Come to that, where had my sex-maniac of a lover gone to?
Surprisingly we did receive a visit from Randall the next day. The fact that Mrs. Rockland was stood outside her rooms with her pistol cocked and ready was, I hoped, enough of a hint even for the likes of him not to try anything.
“The Tartan Threesome?” Sherlock smiled.
A tall, blond and unpleasant policeman who was outwitted by Sherlock in the Trincomalee case (1888) where he had tried to prove that the death of Mr. Iain Atkinson was suspicious, in retaliation for the latter voting against his promotion. He later investigated something that the government Did Not Like (Viper's Bay case, 1890) and was murdered, his body being passed off as one of the storm's victims until Sherlock found out about it. And worst of all for his brother Randall, their mother was within hearing distance when he threatened the life of Sherlock. Cue dreadful storm number two.....
I sniffed as my beloved girl made her way onto the dance-floor with her new husband. Frankly I could not see what she had seen in the fellow except that he was the younger brother of a king of some minor nation in the Balkans whose name had not enough vowels and was all but impossible to say. Worse, Isa had forbidden me from giving my future son-in-law a Talk before the wedding which had been bad enough but then she had had Words with him herself, which probably explained his shudder when she gave him that look afterwards.
Kristoff does not need an ice-pick to break up huge blocks of the stuff
In our many adventures together, Sherlock and I had visited every English county but not every Scottish one (although I knew that my love had visited both the Northern Isles during my time in Egypt). Standing here on the windswept southern coast of Orkney's mainland almost at the very top of Scotland, I wished that we had had a case here together. The place was stunningly beautiful.
“Blaze also called in on me and my Italian stallions”, he said. “He said that he had run into Doctor Watson and that he looked very miserable. Has something happened?”
I smiled at that, remembering our recent trip to Derbyshire and the truly dreadful Greek Chorus.
Pro Patria Mori
With all the concerns over my niece Emma-Jane I was almost blind-sided when February brought an unwelcome development with her brother-in-law, Stevie’s second son Henry. Or as he now apparently wished to be called
1921. The strength of a family is sometimes in what goes unsaid.
Hell yes!
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The landlady winced.
“I could imagine you as a brave knight”, I smiled. “Especially 'Sir Tan-Sure!'.”
Born in 1798, the eldest son of Lord Harry II. Alexander was an unremarkable fellow who would surely have been forgotten by history except that he ended his bland tenure by falling off the roof of Brunton Hall after a wager that went ever so slightly wrong. The future of the estate then hung in the balance as at the time he had six children but only one son. But what a son!
“Well?” Sherlock asked when I had finished.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Says the man who came all this way just because he couldn't wait”, I bitched hugging him close to me. “These last ten days have been horrible, John. I am never being separated from you for that long ever again!”
Clearly less pleased to see us was his son and heir Mr. Thomas Fleet, a young dark-haired fellow of about twenty-five years of age who made his opinion as to our presence quite clear. We were spared the irksome presence of the estate manager Mr. Heston as he was down in the village with his cousin Miss Dallas.
The whole affair was resolved shortly before the end of the year and Sherlock accompanied me down to Plymouth to greet my son off the ship. He had clearly been shattered by the stress of warfare and I felt bitterly angry towards those who treated soldiers who broke under the duress of battle as cowards. Unluckily his and Anne's second son who bore my name was feeling poorly so she could not come with us, but we were able to accompany Ivan back to Sussex.
“You should thank Lady Ursula”, Sherlock smiled. “I think the doctor and I both agree she is a most remarkable lady!”
The Adventure Of The Winterborne Windfall
“Probably annoyed them that he chose to let it stay there”, the constable observed dryly. “Reminds everyone whose field it is, I suppose.”
I was still not seething when we arrived back at Baker Street to find a worried Mr. Guilford Holmes waiting for us. He did not even give us time to take our coats off.
“I would like you to test that for me”, he said. “It is related to the Bradstock case.”
). Though still recovering I could see what he had in mind, and moved onto my front next to him. He quickly fingered me open and then entered me with the ring still on, groaning as he achieved his own relief. Like a dog to a bone he found my prostate at once and began to pummel it mercilessly with his cock, causing my eyes to roll back in my head. I let out a guttural snarl and he must have removed the ring because suddenly he was coming inside of me, hissing his joy as he painted my insides white. Incredibly for a man in his mid-fifties I promptly came a second time, my balls almost aching as they were drained but any pain was banished by the dead weight of a six-foot blue-eyed genius falling inelegantly on top of me and lying there, our two hearts beating as one.
I was sure that the message I sent to Miss St. Leger, or more properly to her
He actually looked like he might well be in need of medical assistance from the way he was gasping at my answer. Still, I was sure that John would go and fetch a doctor for him if necessary. Fairly sure.
“Not envious at all, are you, John?” he grinned.
“The local landowner, Malcolm, Lord Fleet”, our visitor said. “He owns nearly all the land south and east of the village and recently he purchased a block of land between his estate and the railway line so as to enable him to more safely have hunting parties in his woods. Unfortunately he has trampled all over local sensibilities in the process; the villagers used that land to access the river and now they cannot reach it, at least not without a long detour. He has threatened to shoot anyone who tries to cross it and they have responded with attacks on his fences and hedges. It is not much as yet but the gentlemen on both sides are very hot-headed, and I fear that matters may soon escalate further.”
A year of revolutions in Russia had enabled the Kaiser's Germany to transfer many more units to the already stretched Western Front at the start of the year; the wretch who was the cause of all this suffering had clearly recognized that the longer he waited, the more American troops would be set against him. He had struck in early spring ('the Kaiser's Battle') and had come close to breaching the Allied lines but had then been pushed back. Now after a pause for breath the reports were that the Allied offensive was succeeding if slowly, the enemy increasingly demoralized by what was happening to both them and their excuse for a nation. It was surely only a matter of time, if far too much time costing far too many more young lives.
Molly gave both of them a bottle of water. “Is everything okay? Did you two have a row? The tension is thick in here.”
Concerned Sherlock sat up. “Where are you going?”
“Goodnight brother, goodnight Dr. Watson.”
“Thanks, Hyde I will just play it by ear tomorrow.”
Sherlock was dismayed to see the man hurry off in a panic. He wasn’t quite sure what the issue was, people hooked up every day. Oh! Unless...Sherlock made his way back to the street slowly. Maybe the man had been there simply for the drink, not the company, it was possible that maybe he wasn’t gay? Or maybe he had a significant other. Sherlock stuck a hand in his pocket pulling the other man’s wallet out. Opening it he saw that the man’s name was John Watson and he actually lived rather close to Sherlock, only a couple of blocks over. Sherlock absently ran his fingers over his lips as he stared down at John’s licence picture. He was very handsome, and Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to feel bad about kissing him. Even if the man was strictly straight he had enjoyed and responded to his kiss.
“Fungi.”
Sherlock felt crushed. He had hoped John would be like no, we are already a family or I want us to be a real family or even I don’t want to remarry, I want you. He shouldn’t have allowed his hopes to get up because of a small child's words. Her words were her own and didn’t reflect the thinking of anyone but herself.”
“Yes understood.”
Mycroft rose. “Alasdair, it’s a pleasure to finally meet you.”
“Sherlock?”
“You bloody cock. I tell you I love and need you and this is how you repay me?”
John turned and looked at Sherlock, he was beautiful with the moonlight dancing across his face. He smiled at the other man.
Mycroft!"
Rosie had taken to calling Sherlock, Papa Sherlock, John had tried to dissuade her from doing it but she was persistent. “That’s great Rosie, but the beanstalk is still frozen and the ground is covered in snow and ice.”
“Really? What of him?”
“John, I'm doing this for us. It was never serious between him and I, he knew that.”
“Okay then, Fíona, why are you here interrupting our first date?”
“Well, thank God it worked,” John replied turning away, leaving the quarters. He had to see about Otaktay.
“He is a judge, is he not?”
As the men made their way back inside Sherlock saw his mother watching, he gave her a wave and blew a kiss to her. The shock and then obvious pleasure made it worthwhile. Happily, he and John marched to their room.
“I want to like her, I really do. She seems so likable and trustworthy, but, I don’t know if Liam’s feelings are influencing mine, but I do feel uneasy.”
“I did believe in you, I was afraid for your well-being. Just as I believe in you now. And I am no less concerned for your well-being now than I was then, but I have seen you do a great many things John Watson and this is going to be like a walk in the park for you.”
Sherlock took a deep breath and then pulled on John waistband, freeing his engorged cock. John hissed as Sherlock tentatively took him in hand.
“Could you two
John stood and gathered their plates depositing them in the sink before following behind Sherlock to the sitting room.
“Oh, I see, because you didn’t want to be out done, right?” Lestrade asked face completely serious. When everyone started laughing he pulled Mycroft into a kiss. “I love your dramatic side.”
“Yes, I remember the impression of hissing and red eyes,” Sherlock stated.
“I don’t know. I get
Pouting Sherlock said, “John won’t let me retrieve mine from the flat.”
“No. Alasdair can stay. He is entitled to his opinion.”
"You never know unless you put yourself out there."
“But if that is true, why wouldn’t Hyde tell us?”
“You know bloody damn well you weren’t,” John said with a smile.
Sherlock the bastard actually zoned out and thought the matter over. John chuckled and began nibbling at Sherlock's neck. “You ass! Come back to me.” John slid in and out at a snail's pace, he wanted to share this with Sherlock not be in the moment alone. He kissed along Sherlock's brilliant jaw, nipping and licking his way back to that delicious neck. John had always had a thing for Sherlock's neck, it was long, pale and just begging to be marked.
The men lay in silence for several strained minutes. Finally, John turned to face Sherlock before he could think himself out of it. “What are we laying on?”
“Well, Sherlock, you see, Mummy wanted to arrange everything. But every person she suggested I shot down. I don’t want to be married, for convenience or love. The person I marry has to be compatible with my lifestyle and equally uninterested in an actual relationship.”
“I don’t normally interfere with my husband's dealings, this isn’t the first time he has taken down a judge. If I tell you how to wake your guard will you believe me and heed my warnings?”
“Did it help? It doesn’t seem like it did.”
“Are you sure you want to do this John?” Liam questioned, “Otaktay did say he had been having a tough time of it. The last time you did this the three of you became infected.”
“I know.”
John realised with a start that Sherlock thought he was mad about the kiss. It was just a kiss he supposed. “Sherlock, it’s okay. Don’t worry about it. People usually say thank you though.”
Sherlock looked at John. He was definitely feeling better he was asking question after question, he was a natural born leader. He needed to ask him about his time in the war one day.
John was used to Sherlock’s double-edged compliments. “Is that all that I am? A bin for all the bad ideas?”
“Well, wanna know something John?”
“Out here in the cold?”
“That is a good question, but seriously Mycroft, I think John has more than proved that he travels the high road. He wouldn’t do that simply to take some of the weight from his shoulders.”
Sherlock glanced around at everyone at the table. Everyone seemed on edge except for Lestrade. Even Mansi and Delma who were normally very good at hiding what they were feeling were broadcasting discomfort loud and clear. He shifted in his seat when John grabbed his thigh under the table. He glanced at John who only stared forward. “Samantha, would you be open to everyone in the room, except for Hyde of course, placing their hands on you to see…”
Sherlock yawned, “I don’t know. I think it was I who didn’t stand a chance. You walked in the room and even though you were using your cane you commanded the room. Your presence...I had to keep myself from staring.”
“Well then, only one thing left to do.”
Without a response, Sherlock moved off to do as asked. His mind was still preoccupied with the jarring changes John Watson had either induced in him or brought to his life.
Tears were falling down John’s face and that terrified Sherlock even more. He was positive that John wasn’t physically hurt, but something was wrong nonetheless. He eased out of the bed, quickly going to the bathroom to retrieve a warm flannel to clean them up. Once done he climbed back in the bed and pulled John to him. Sherlock held him as he cried, until he fell asleep, emotionally spent. It was hours before sleep claimed him as well, his mind was racing, he just
“She has. Of course, she asked about you and then made a beeline for mother, they’ve been talking for quite a while.”
“It wasn’t until recently that Alasdair did something questionable. He tried attacking Sherlock, sexually, he blamed it on Samantha, but she was in range to affect him. And he also knocked the syringe of blood from Sherlock’s hand, it was Fíona’s blood, and it was what woke up Mansi.”
"Bless these rings so that Sherlock and John may wear them with deep faith in each other. May they always live together in peace, love and abiding joy."
Mrs. Hudson turned back to Sherlock, “Obviously you can’t mention it this weekend, with the wedding and all.”
Honestly, if I did not know it to have been beneath him, I would have suspected some blue-eyed bastard of doing this sort of thing deliberately just so I would fuck him all the way back to the cottage! Harrumph!
1904. The peaceful and quiet sunset of the dynamic duo's lives on the Downs begins (note: description does not include any doctors with the initials J.H.W. screaming for either mercy or no mercy).
The previous week a newspaper down in Alresford had done an article about the return of our brave men, and had included some speculation as to the young man before us. Unfortunately this had been picked up by the London newspapers who did not like Ivan's father. But then there was a long list of things not to like.
amused!”
Coming back to our rooms every day knowing that they would be cold and empty without the man I loved made those dark December days seem ever darker. But a promise is a promise and I am a man of my word.
There was a calendar on the opposite wall from his bed. I crossed to look at it, then gulped.
Sherlock looked sad but clearly did not see what was expected of him. His brother sighed.
If you hear of him laying me to a well-earned rest any time soon, you will know exactly who was responsible!”
“He was sent by the government to Athens to help out in their war against the Turks”, he said. “It seems that he interpreted the instruction to 'get into bed with the Greeks' rather too literally. A Macedonian army major found him in bed with his teenage daughter and shot him on the spot.”
“Hullo, brother.”
I almost felt sorry for our cousins across the Pond, but then they had unleashed that harridan on us in the first place. And Texas was a large state – the largest, if I remembered correctly – so there were surely some parts out of the woman's screeching distance.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“It is just a possible solution”, Sherlock said. “As is my other one. But I think you will like that rather less. Very well.”
The photographer was clearly close to a panic attack.
It was perhaps typical that a solitary case arose during that dark time when I did not have my love, my heart, my all with me. I would not have let myself get involved had not the fellow requesting my aid come to Baker Street expecting to see John. His name was Mr. Stuart Ireland and he was a lawyer hailing originally from North Shields in Northumberland. John had struck up a friendship with the fellow during his visit to Bargate, the long-vanished college where I had met him back in 1874. Mr. Ireland had also worked with John's brother Stephen on some cases so the reedy blond fellow had a double claim on my time.
“They thought the name too common”, he said, “so they are calling it the Collywell Bay branch†.”
The Adventure Of The Reigate Squires†
→1.18: Sarah (1902-1947)
John had had a narrow escape with his nephew Jack at the start of this seemingly endless war of mud and vile human behaviour, and I knew that he also feared for his son Ivan who had only not signed up because his wife Anne was expecting. When she sadly miscarried that August he told John of his resolution to join up by the end of the year. My love asked me if I could help with the young fellow's wish to join the campaign against the treacherous Ottoman Empire in the Holy Land (despite all the British had done for them against the Russian menace over the years, they had still gone and stabbed us in the back at the worst possible time) and, recognizing this as a considerably less dangerous theatre than the Western Front, I had obliged. John had cried when he received the letter of thanks which told him that his son was on his way to war, especially as he now knew that his disinherited nephew 'Heinrich' would be fighting somewhere on the other side but in the European theatre.
I gave John my most innocent look, the one I hardly ever use when there is not bacon in the immediate vicinity. But for once he was not buying it.
The Tarleton Tragedy
“It is early-closing day”, he sighed.
John smiled to himself as he dug out the bottle of lotion he had brought with him. Then thinking better of it he placed it back into his bag.
“Speaking of drama. Now that all of you are here…” John dropped down to one knee producing a simple titanium band. “William Sherlock Scott Holmes, will you marry me?”
“You believe that Hyde can shift into multiple forms but are unable to believe that I do.”
“Really Sherlock, why don’t you just march over there and drag John off by his hair.”
Sherlock could control the wind and water, thus allowing him to create a storm. He could even stop one. Ice and snow weren't beyond his skill in making, but he could not stop a snow storm. He suspected that he could but it would take time because he would have to warm the very air before he could even hope to stop the snow. Maybe with the help of Rosie, he could warm the plant enough to climb down it, but how would he get word to her? He watched the snowfall thoughts window. No, he needed a plan that didn’t involve the small girl. It was freezing outside and she would need to get very close to the plant, maybe even delve her fingers in the ground. He wondered how John and Rosie were doing? John...he missed him terribly. He missed their talks once Rosie was asleep, he missed falling asleep together on the nights they slept over. He even missed the petty arguments they had. Sherlock had once read the book The Alchemist and there was a part when the main character was learning from an alchemist of the desert and that Alchemist had told the main character to get to know his heart, to always listen to it that way his heart could not betray him. And ever since he’d read that Sherlock made sure to listen to his heart so he couldn’t be caught unawares, so he was more than aware of the fact that he loved John, that he was in love with John. It had taken him a while to recognise this with Rosie because he had never experienced love, but once identifying it he was able to anticipate and identify it again with John but he also noticed the differences between his love for Rosie and for John. There were far more similarities than differences, but it was the differences that told him he was in love with John. The biggest and most alarming of these differences was the simple fact that the prospect of not seeing Rosie again made him very sad, but the thought of not seeing John again terrified him. It was a feeling that made him want to spring into action to ensure that he saw John again. Love. It was also a bit scary because what if John only loved him in the sense that Sherlock loved Rosie? He just knew it would destroy him. The thought made his heart stop and blood run cold.
Sherlock was beaming at John. "All of the cure was not destroyed."
The ladies left to do as ordered.
John bolted up in the bed, his heart was racing as he looked next to him where Otaktay should've been.
“Hello. As promised, I have brought what you need to wake your darling, Mansi.”
“Ahh the world is just your play toy, and when you're tired of us, you just toss us to the side I see.”
“No, never even crossed my mind before, for what reason would I have wanted to visit?”
“Yes it was the only outcome in that situation. The how of the win was never set in stone, simply that you all would win no matter what means you took to do it.”
Sherlock gave him a knowing look and replied, “You never ask something simply for the sake of asking, what’s on your mind, John?” Sherlock placed a finger under John’s chin making him look at him.
“Yes, I believe you can. What is your business with Sherlock Holmes?”
When Sherlock woke up the next morning it took him a moment to remember that he’d gone to bed the night before with John holding him. His current situation was quite different. John was on his stomach facing away from him, and he was flush against the shorter man with both his leg and arm wrapped around John. It almost looked like John was wearing Sherlock like a coat.
Sherlock was startled as everyone cheered and clapped. He gave John a tentative smile, they were married. How had this happened? Sherlock thought over the past few months, went over the guest list in his head, they were people that were in his circle, and John's not Mycroft's. That sneaky bastard. Smiling Sherlock took John's hand and turned to the Officiant, "Good one brother, I owe you."
"Not this time fair Sherlock. Something wicked this way blows and I mean to get to the bottom of it."
“Then how do you know these things?” Sherlock asked.
“You said earlier I should have Rosie help me grow food on the farm.”
It wasn’t a question so John didn’t treat it like it was. He turned getting off the machine and stood to face Alasdair while he did butterfly curls. “How can you be both?”
Sherlock began gathering up his coat and scarf. John jumped into action gathering the pictures, notepad and his own jacket.
Sherlock knew he had to be red in the face, Mrs Hudson had heard them; he thought she was supposed to be out of town, visiting her sister.
His guilt about all the things Sherlock went through since his return kept him away from Sherlock. And then he’d run into the man in the last expected place, a drug den. He’d jumped to conclusions and didn’t believe him when he said it was for a case. And still, Sherlock remained by his side.
“Quick up here!” Came a loud whisper. Rosie turned and ran back to table climbing quickly back up the rope. John started after her. He couldn’t see who had yelled for them to come up but it didn’t take a genius to figure out somehow he had ended up in the home of a giant. As John was climbing over the side of the tabletop he came face to face with the owner of the voice. He was offering John a hand up. John was frozen to the spot as he looked the men in the eyes. Beautiful, bright blue eyes.
Sherlock scoffed.
John felt the sudden turmoil in Sherlock and knew he'd just come to a shocking revelation. To help further push this he said, "Sherlock, Otaktay has decided to leave the council and help another council in another country." John held up his hand to Otaktay as he watched Sherlock. His eyes flared red and he heard his mate's mental roar of denial before he reigned his emotions back in. He smiled sadly. He wasn't sure how he felt about this yet. But they needed absolute transparency and understanding, otherwise, they would be caught off guard again.
Sherlock stood. “I’ll be ready shortly.”
Sherlock had been casually plucking at his violin, but at Mycroft's words, he hit a sour note. “Excuse me?”
“Why does that matter?” Rayne interrupted.
“Marry? Perhaps you are reading too much fantasy. I should bring you more non-fiction selections. I am your companion, and you need not marry.”
“Sherlock!” John called.
John descended down the rope first, feeling the weight of the stranger’s eyes on him. Rosie started to descend above him. He’d gone first so in case she fell he could catch her or break her fall, but as he watched her he was struck by how deftly she moved. At the age of 6, she moved with the ease and confidence of someone who had been climbing all their life. That, however, did not stop John from taking the same precautions as they went down the beanstalk.
“The short version is- he fit the profile and I saw him lead that gentleman outside in a hurry.”
Ignoring the warning in John’s voice Sherlock said, “I need another set of eyes, come look at this. What do you see here?”
“Nope. And neither is my wife. But it will be hard to tie her down to judge her, she’s grown crafty over the years and has gained some interesting powers.”
