“Uh huh. Don’t think Jody and I can keep an eye on a calendar? Now git out of here. I think you’re on trench rotation this week.”
Cas dismounted and hobbled the roan, then walked out to the tree line as Dean sat down to pull on his boots.
“I didn’t mean for a visit. I meant permanently.”
He looked over at her, surprised.
Dean Winchester clutched the newspaper advertisement in his hand, staring across the cobbled street at the office of Balthazar Angelus, Esquire. Nervous sweat pooled at the base of his throat, and his chest felt tight. He uncrumpled the paper and looked down at it again.
“You fall asleep standing up?” Dean asked as he straightened and shook water droplets off of his hands. He wiped the remaining moisture off on his hips and walked up to take the oilcloth package from Cas’ hands. “Cas?”
“Kind of think that counts as saying you told me so.”
Still he hesitated. He didn’t want to leave Cas alone. The rumble of hunger from his stomach is what finally convinced him. “Take good care of him for me, Charlie.”
“How long have you and Gabriel been partnered?” Dean finally asked.
Dean shifted his grin to Cas. “Absolutely. If it’s a saloon, I take it there’s beer?”
“I was helping Jody with some of the wards for the outpost, refreshing them. Strengthening them.” They wouldn’t completely ward off corruption, but they provided some protections against weaker exposure, and would gain the scouts more time to get additional help if it was a stronger attack. He watched Dean move with ease around the kitchen. “Did you feel me drawing from your magic at all?”
Her touch was vile, black, oily like the secretions of corruption he and Cas had cleansed over and over again. She dove into the well of his energy reserves, scooping them up greedily.
Dean was more than ready for a good bath, a hearty meal, and some sleep, but he knew that it was smart to give Cas time to calm down Gabe and then inform everyone what was going on before they truly rested. It was easier knowing how he would feel if Sammy had gone out and then his horse returned without him. So he headed over to the stable instead, as soon as the crowd welcoming them back dispersed.
“Damn straight,” she called from the bar.
“Start from the beginning,” Ellen interrupted.
Dean stirred, slowly waking up, feeling more well-rested than he had in… well, in recent memory. His cheek was pressed against Cas’ shoulder. He turned his head slightly to press a soft kiss against the warm skin, smiling to himself at the tiny pulse of contentment flowing back through the bond. “I could get used to this,” he murmured, barely audible.
“You’re welcome.” Gabe grinned unrepentantly.
“Certainly, yes. The settlement is contained within a wooden stockade, and there are buildings. Rough in comparison to New Avalon. Some are more finished than others. Gabriel and I have used some of our magic to aid in the construction efforts, so unless someone refused our aid, the buildings are at least sturdy and secure against the elements. But we have little access to the more refined arts and crafts. We rely on ourselves for everything.”
“Dean—”
“Hello,” Bess said, her voice soft and quiet, her head demurely lowered. “Pleased to make your acquaintance, Mr. Winchester.” She took control of Red, patting her nose affectionately and murmuring into her ear.
Cas took the pouch, opened it, and poured three small, rounded pink pebbles into his palm.
“Hey.” He picked up a pebble and tossed it into the water.
“Me too,” Charlie said. “I am definitely in the mood for one of Ellen’s hearty stews. Or maybe Donna has another pie there... Or both! Both is good! Come on, Witchy-poo. Let’s go.”
Gabe’s eyebrows shot up as he pulled one of the books towards himself. His fingers traced the wing pattern embossed into the leather cover. “This is from the private Angelus library.”
As he stood there the wind picked up. One moment the space before the cave was empty. The next,
And Donna? Donna was cheerful, but in a different way from Charlie. She was dressed a bit more neatly, though still practical, with her long blonde hair twisted up and clipped with a hair comb that was decorated with realistic looking morning glories that were a little too perfect to be truly real.
Not half bad? That was a weak compliment, if it was even intended as a compliment. “I thought basic exercises, to become accustomed to working together. Small spells and incantations. Usually I frown on using magic to do the sorts of tasks that are as easily accomplished using hands and other physical means, but in this case there’s a purpose beyond what the magic is actually doing. So untangling Smoky’s mane and tail, working with the campfire, other such workings. Have you much experience partnering with a Witch?”
Dean cocked his head to the side as he considered. “Wasn’t paying too much attention, honestly. Yes, I suppose so? It’s just always there now. Don’t always notice.” He set water to boiling over the stove, and wiped down the teacup with a clean towel. “This is a nice tea service. Any story behind it?”
The landscape here was quite different from what he’d grown up with, in the region around New Avalon. Everything there was far more civilized. Even the hills were gently rounded and genteel.
“I’m making baking powder biscuits.”
“Okay…”
Cas swallowed. “In some respects, yes. In others... I should have foreseen it. You are a man with... healthy appetites. Gabriel would likely be a better person to ask than me. I have never... casual...” He cleared his throat, knowing that his face was burning. “I have always required some sort of a relationship with another before I felt any... desires, of a carnal nature.”
Dean tossed back the whiskey and held the glass out for more. “I’ma gonna need brain bleach now, thank you very much. Ugh.”
“I suppose... I suppose that should depend on my final objective, yes?” He looked at Dean questioningly. “The technique to obtaining brief physical gratification must surely be different than that used in service of a more permanent alliance.”
Dean smirked at that one. “And some of them are pretty easy to like,” he added, as he reached up to ruffle Charlie’s hair.
The sun was just starting to rise, painting the sky orange. Dean sat on the river bank, watching the water flow over barely submerged stones. It swirled, sometimes catching a leaf and making it dance, sometimes pooling and foaming, sometimes getting caught behind branches and twigs before falling over in miniature waterfalls. While he watched the water, Charlie came up beside him, seating herself and wrapping her arms around her knees.
“What are the two of you talking about?” Cas himself asked, stepping up to the now open stall door.
“Hey, come on. Where is your imagination? I bet we could do it. We’ll save that for later, though.”
“Included amongst which are the ability to sweet-talk Bobby Singer into doing the construction,” Charlie said with a grin.
Thinking back to the shipping dilemma, maybe it wouldn’t be so hard to send some out after all. The dime novels were small, hardly that much thicker than a long letter, especially as the paper wasn’t as nice.
“Hey, that doesn’t mean you should give up!” Dean sat down facing Cas, his thigh a solid warmth next to Cas’ own. “It’s not not working. Keep going. How would you woo me?”
There was still a lot of uncertainty into just what the future held, but that was true of everyone. Dean had Cas, now, and that was all he really needed to meet it head on.
“The two of you killed a corrupted bear that got Rufus and Bobby?”
Dean nodded. If he weren’t feeling so overwhelmed he’d smile at that. No question about whose ideas were methodical and whose were fantastic.
“Then I think you’ll like my honey apple pie,” Donna said. “I made some this morning. We figured you’d be arriving today, or maybe tomorrow. It’ll keep one day, as long as I can keep the grubby paws of Willow River’s residents out of my kitchen. Meaning no offense, of course. I’m sure your paws aren’t grubby.”
Cas took a long drink from the glass Dean had poured. “Actually I may have misspoken,” he said, feeling warm from the alcohol. His head felt pleasantly muddled. He was home, he was safe. He could let his guard down, at least a little. “I have felt attraction, just not the desire to do anything about it immediately. The risk of rejection and the attendant humiliation have always been too high.”
“You didn’t have to. You
The land spread out before him was a vast tableau of rippled and bubbled rock bleached a stark bone white. The only color came in the occasional swirl of acidic yellow or green. No vegetation, not even the smallest and hardiest plant, was able to take root and grow here. It had been a part of the forest at one point. Long-dead skeletal trees rose from the ground at odd intervals, blackened stumps missing most of their limbs. It wasn’t so different from last time they had looked across the Great River, only, somehow, the bleached white was even more disturbing than the black had been.
“So trench duty?”
he sent a questing thought towards the other man.
“Dean.” Cas looked at him fondly. “We will take turns. There is not near enough room for the both of us.”
scouts do all the work. City boy.”
It looked the same as it had before, all chalk-white and desolate, the blocked-in cave still blocked in. That much, at least, was a relief. He’d been low-key afraid that she’d somehow managed to clear the boulders and had more freedom.
That made Dean smirk. “Or you could stay down here, with me. Until we can get this bed moved upstairs.” It was just enough bigger that there was at least a chance neither of them would end up on the floor come morning. Then there was the benefit of being farther away from Gabe and Charlie. Cas could use his magic to muffle any sounds coming from their bed, but Dean still preferred the idea of being farther away from their housemates.
“Awesome. What’s your game of choice? And what stakes?”
Dean actually hadn’t been upstairs yet, which... he didn’t think he was forbidden, but he hadn’t been invited, either, and he knew better than to invade the privacy of Witches without an explicit invitation.
Cas looked back at him and sighed. “When I was young, I was ignorant. Perhaps willfully so. My magic manifested young. I was five years old when I worked my first cantrip, entirely unintentionally. I saw Michael create a magelight, thought it looked pretty, and made my own. Mine was smaller, unsteady, and had a tendency to dip and bob about in the air rather than remaining stationary, but it was a magelight.”
“Hey, don’t look at me like that. You don’t know him well enough yet. He’s quirky and… okay, weird. But our magic just fits together. He’s my best friend. And because I know you want to ask, no, we’re not a mated pair bond. I prefer the ladies.”
“You should rest some more,” Dean suggested. He began to pull away. Cas gripped Dean’s hand and guided it to once more lay flat against his skin. Away was the last thing that Cas wanted.
“So we’ll go back to the coast, catch up with family… Maybe I’ll try and talk mine to head out west, if it’s safer. I know Sam and Jessica want children, eventually. Wouldn’t want them out here with a baby right now, but if we succeed in healing the land enough, and if the corruption stops coming back after we’ve healed a spot… maybe.” He rolled off of Cas’ lap and sat up, shifting to pull Cas against him. “I’ll tell you one thing, though. If we make Willow River our permanent home base, we’re definitely building our own house. And it will
That earned a snort from Dean. “Sounds like. After breakfast we can start with my charm, Cas. Maybe you’ll even learn a thing or two.”
“Most,” Sam agreed. “I grew up with both my mom and my older brother being Familiars, I have Jess now. I haven’t had a lot of experience casting without. How did it feel to you, to try?”
He might be, just the slightest bit, jealous of Charlie right now. Cas had nice hands, really nice hands, with neatly trimmed nails. From that time he’d first seen the corruption in person he knew those nails would scratch just right, and even with the light temporary bond, he’d know just exactly where the best place to scratch would be. Maybe Dean would even grant him the ultimate honor of exposing his belly and letting the Witch scratch him there.
“Gone.” Dean cleared his throat. “Spooked by something. I’m sure he ran back to Willow River. With most of our supplies. I got a few things off the ground from where we left him. That canteen. Not much else. When you’re feeling well enough, we’re going to have to walk back. Nothing for it.”
Dean dropped everything and ran to the commons, pushing his way past anyone in his way.
Dean shrugged. “Yeah. I try not to think about it too much.” Thinking about his family made his throat ache. He missed them, missed them so much. Coming here was the right thing to do, and he liked Cas. They might well have the potential to make a permanent partnership bond like Charlie and Gabe had done. But he missed his family.
Dean hesitated a long moment before responding. He wanted to ask more about this other Witch/Familiar pair, but this wasn't the time or place. He opted for going back to the topic of desserts. “What about seeds? Would take a while, but you’d eventually have the fruit. Weather seems like it would handle it okay. Sugar might be more difficult. Guess your job isn’t to actually settle the place, but make sure people can.”
Cas hooked the mule’s lead to one of Red’s saddle rings. “Pigeon.”
“I hear ya,” Gabe said. “It’s not a quick and easy task. West of the river… that’s something we’ll have to nibble at once we get the eastern side clear. It’s been there for centuries. It ain’t going away in a year. Or even a decade. But it won’t happen at all if we don’t start.”
“Here’s hoping we never have to repeat the experience, but any time, Dean.” She smiled at him, tinged with sorrow. “It was the very least I could do. Now. You go take care of this Witch of yours and don’t worry about a single other thing the rest of the night.” She pulled them both into a hug before turning around and leaving.
“Knew that. We’ve been expecting you with pleasure.” Garth shook his hand for ten seconds too long before finally releasing it and taking Smoky’s lead from Cas.
“Too many, considering the short amount of time that Willow River has existed. Since Gabe and I have been here the deaths are fewer. Magic can cure the corruption if it hasn’t gone too far, and the charms we provide the scouts have aided in keeping them from getting tainted in the first place. Even so, this is a dangerous life. We’ve lost...” He looked up as he thought. “Nora, of course. Asa Fox, Bill Harvelle, Frank Devereaux, and Jim Baker since I’ve been here. Others before.”
“Without a doubt. Something to worry about for another day, however. After dinner we will attempt a few more exercises and then get some rest. I would like to get going as early as possible tomorrow morning. Shall we set up a bedroll for you?”
“A bear. A corrupted one?”
Cas didn’t bother replying to that. He opened the door to his room and stepped inside, making room for Dean. The space was simple. They lived on the frontier. He didn’t see any need for the embellishments and adornments common in the more civilized lands far to the east. The walls were framed and whitewashed, hung with shelves. Uniformly sized boxes were tucked away under the bed. The bed itself was narrow, wide enough only for himself. There was a pile of books stacked on the floor, and more on the shelves.
Dean made sure his trunk was secure in the back of the wagon, then circled around to scratch Smoky’s forehead as they waited for Cas to emerge from Peppermint Stick house with his own trunk. It had been a dry spring so far, not great for the crops but it did mean the road to Rockville would be dry enough to chance the wagon. Sam sat astride the horse he'd ridden in on from Rockville, quietly waiting. Jess had already shifted, and was soaring in lazy circles overhead. The two of them had elected to stay the winter after defeating Amara, Sam studying with Gabe and Cas while Jess worked with Dean and Charlie to map out more of the territory around Willow River.
* he asked Cas. As annoying as all of the strict training Cas had been insisting on was, it did have the benefit of solidifying their bond as much as possible at its current level.
“I know that now, and I understand. You had to leave when you did, or you would have been broken. Those two years before you got me out, though, were difficult.”
“Please,” Dean begs.
Dean steps forward. Wraps his free arm around Cas’ shoulders, keys still clenched in his hand, and kisses him properly. Unlike his lips, Cas’ mouth doesn’t taste of rainwater. They pull apart only when another wave of harsher rain starts to batter them.
The part of Dean that’s constantly weighing up these financial angles starts to take a backseat, though, to the sort of alpha instinct a lot of people assume he doesn’t have. Sometimes it’s an insult, that assumption, sometimes a compliment.
“Slide the bottle over on the floor,” Jimmy orders, his fingers digging into Dean’s hips like he thinks Dean might run off any second.
At least in Dean’s hearing, Castiel will always call what they do bowling.
Their smiles are small, but there are lots of them.
Whining, Dean thunks his head back against the floor. The pull on his knot. The sheer vibration through Jimmy’s body and the air.
“My clothes are kinda gross.”
Though very much fading, Dean still shifts himself higher. He fights gravity to stay inside Castiel longer. He fights post-coital sleep.
?” Sam asks, staring past Dean. “What are you- Dean, that’s not Cas.”
“As you know, I recently turned forty,” Castiel begins.
“Very good,” Castiel rumbles. The thick shape in his suit pants thickens further. “Show me how much you want it.”
As Castiel wraps up Dean’s second arm, Dean says, “Meg told me she ate my cupcake.”
inside me until I take you out,” Jimmy orders, his words devoid of cursing, his tone made from profanity alone. “I can throw you in the trash with the rest of my broken toys.”
“Do I need to talk to her?” Castiel asks. In his previous medical jobs, a female coworker avoiding a patient would be ample cause to chastise the patient for indelicate words or outright unwanted touching, but that is not a problem Meg has. In the rare cases someone makes the mistake of giving her that problem, she promptly gives it back in full, and far worse. “She’s normally more professional.”
“Of course not.”
Mouth open, Dean stares.
He and Castiel both stare down, checking for signs of deception, their blades at Alistair’s crushed throat.
Cas accepts his coat back with a nod. He puts it on as Dean pulls his shirts back on, though Dean’s the only one who pulls a muscle in the process.
“More,” Castiel orders.
Dean shrugs out of his unbuttoned, white shirt. In doing so, he pulls out the condom from the breast pocket.
“Uh, yeah,” Dean says, not quite looking at him. His fingers tap next to his phone screen, illuminated and showing that the music is paused.
“Just five minutes,” Dean says as Castiel bundles various limbs around him. “I get a turn too. Unless you’re bored already or something.”
Because
“Do I need to hold them down for you?” Castiel offers the third time Dean catches himself, that sole December appointment.
“I don’t even have cats.“
Over the course of an eon, Dean’s heartbeat slows. His dick pretends to soften, but never fully commits.
Castiel grips him by the hips and drags his crotch across Dean’s ass. He does it hard, pushing Dean up against the counter. “Tell me,” he rumbles.
“I mean, we should be on a porch instead,” Dean hastily adds. “Big rocking chairs and shit.”
“Yep.”
“Great, so he can dig up mine once I’m done here,” Dean grouses. “Because, guess what! It’s the same damn shovel. Big hunk of metal freezing through my gloves.”
With a small motion of his fingers, Castiel triggers Dean’s gag reflex. His hand rides out Dean’s coughing. Patient to the point of impassive, Castiel watches the drool leak from Dean’s mouth, the tears leak from Dean’s eyes. He shoves another finger in, forcing Dean’s jaw open wider. “If you can’t suck my fingers properly, Dean, why should I give you anything else?
So clearly, Dean can picture the way Cas considers this: eyes narrowed, head tilted. “Open the package. Look at them. But do not put them on until I call you.”
Now that, Dean does consider. “You picking the pink ones already? Before you even see them all?”
Once more, Dean’s breathing steadies out. Listening to the progression, Castiel cleans them both off with a thought, with a squeeze of his hand around Dean’s.
“I’ll help,” Castiel volunteers.
Regardless, there is time for some preliminary setup. When he has a few minutes to check in on Dean, he confirms that Dean’s warm enough with only the one blanket before asking, “Do you ever watch TV? I know you don’t, here.”
Throwing an arm over his eyes, Dean whimpers. Even his nipples ache, hard to the point where it’s nearly an itch.
With spring heating its way up into summer, Castiel wears his white coat only inside the air-conditioned donation center. His scrubs are simply what came up next in his laundry rotation, rather than being thoughtfully picked out. It’s been a while since Jack has asked to dress to match, already growing into the independent eight year old he became a week ago.
He slaps Dean across the face.
Dean loves him so damn much.
Dean silences himself at a touch to his lips.
As he goes about his job for the next hour, the sensation of being watched never fades. Whenever Castiel turns around, Dean’s staring up at the ceiling, and yet the feeling remains. Increasingly uncertain whether he’s simply being paranoid, Castiel asks Meg to switch breaks with him, and she shoos him away into the back office.
Pressing his lips to the edge of his phone, pressing his hand over his dick, Dean breathes hard. Dizzy and light, he wobbles his way back to standing before secreting the package into his bedroom. And then immediately coming back out for scissors.
Dean slowly removes his hand from Castiel’s back.
Under the noise of the crowd, Castiel lowers his voice. “The medic is coming, and you can’t let them smell you.”
“What’s so funny?” Jimmy growls at him anyway, evidently feeling the tremor through Dean’s body.
Dean tapped Gabe on the arm as he slid past him.
“Why don’t you test them and find out?” Gabe suggested with a sly grin.
“Always figured you had to have more books and stuff than what you’ve got downstairs,” Dean commented.
“Now I feel a little bad for not paying more attention to everything happening back home,” Winchester commented as they finally made their way back out to the street, comfortably full. He stretched and rubbed his stomach. “You get a lot of news from your cousin Balthazar? Maybe I’ll ask my mom to fill me in on as many topics as she can fit in one letter. We going to be coming back here often?”
Witch seeks Familiar
Cas’ brows drew low at that. He stood abruptly and walked towards the horses. “We should be hitting the trail.”
Two days later, the five Winchesters stood together on the train platform in New Avalon, along with Dean’s two trunks and the satchel he wore over his shoulder. Most of the contents of the trunks were things that he hoped would be useful on the frontier, not just for himself but for the community he would be joining. There was a box that Mr. Angelus had asked him to bring to his cousins, and then there were the luxury items Mary had packed for him.
“Yes.” Cas waited for her, going down on one knee. She bounded into his arms, rubbing against him happily, yipping and nipping at his hair.
Cas woke up with the sun the following morning and promptly headed down to the kitchen. He rarely lingered abed. Morning was his favorite time of the day, filled with possibilities. Today, he thought, Dean would likely be regretting the night before. Socializing with the people of Willow River was enjoyable, yes, but being a newcomer and the recipient of many drinks purchased for him? That was undoubtedly less enjoyable the morning after than it had been at the time.
Dean nodded. “Easier that way.” He offered a small smile as he accepted a mug of coffee from Cas. He looked away again fairly quickly when Cas smiled back at him.
“I actually like riding a horse,” Dean volunteered, deciding he’d best at least try and be social despite the heavy mood settling over their party. “It’s just that most of them don’t like me very much.”
“Oooh.” Dean made an exaggerated pained wince. “Pearl. Yeah. You’ll find out, and when you do we’ll share a whiskey in her honor.”
“You aren’t hiding us?” Dean asked as he came across a group of sigils Cas had drawn.
“Willow River wasn’t built until it became obvious that a fortified outpost was the only viable option for living this far west.” Cas followed in after Dean, careful to place his feet only where Dean had already tested the structure with his own weight. “There are a lot of abandoned homes where settlers had attempted to claim land for themselves.”
For consideration, see Balthazar Angelus, Esquire
“They wouldn’t come out here, would they?” Charlie asked. She had mostly been sitting quietly and listened. She already knew Cas’ story, after all.
“Don’t get me started on his idiocy, either. You’re the one who’s always telling
When Cas sat up, the cloth Dean had been using to cool his brow fell to his lap. It was a ragged bit of faded blue cloth with remnants of a familiar pattern of embroidery. A matching length of cloth was tied around his thigh, protecting what must be claw marks from the bear. “This explains what happened to my shirt. What happened to yours?”
“Yeah, Cas. Eat a cookie.” Dean hopped down from the bar and reached across to accept one of the cookies that Garth had picked up off of Bobby’s plate. He held it up in front of Cas’ face until the Witch finally focused on him instead of Walt. He softened his voice. “No one is going to give me to the bad lady.”
Dean chuckled. “Not that we can see them right now.”
“It seems you do,” Cas agreed. He handed the pages back to Dean and cleared his throat. “When you are done writing to Sam, would you like to come join me upstairs?”
Bobby grunted.
Cas glanced to the side, biting his lower lip. “Dean. I hope that your expectations for Willow River are not too high,” he finally said. “It is very much a rough outpost. There are barely trails, let alone roads. The population is small, the inhabitants… rough around the edges.”
The urge to shift and go curl up on Cas’ bed with him was strong, but he resisted. Charlie was a Familiar. She’d know what to do. He forced himself to eat the chicken. She wasn’t wrong about that, either. He needed to replenish himself. His head was spinning, and if he was perfectly honest with himself, he wasn’t good for much of anything right now. What Cas had done… he’d never seen anything like that. Picking apart each individual tendril of corruption, teasing it into nothingness, unwinding it from where it coiled around Bobby’s essence… it was precise spellwork, intricate and complicated, requiring levels of concentration and finesse that Dean had never witnessed before.
into the earth to find and tie off the vein feeding the corruption, then searing it with a sudden blinding surge of pure energy.
“I’m not sure what you’re referring to, Dean,” Cas actually managed to sound innocent. “You’ve met nearly everyone here, already.” He introduced those he hadn’t. One of those was Bobby, an older gentleman with thinning hair and a salt-and-pepper beard. His clothes were well worn, lightly stained around the edges.
They were going to find out what it was like to deal with a pissed-off Dean Winchester.
Once dinner was complete, Cas followed through on casting preservation spells on the leftovers while Gabe walked the perimeter setting up wards. Preservation spells hardly took any energy, so Cas didn’t need him and Dean took the opportunity to stretch and wash up at the small nearby stream.
“What are your strengths, anyhow? What are we going to be practicing, when dinner is over. You aren’t half bad at the sigils.”
Dean swung down out of the saddle and moved over to Cas. He extended his hand to catch Cas’, tangling their fingers together and squeezing. “Storm on the horizon,” he observed.
“It’s tea, Castiel.” Gabe’s voice was lower than usual, with a dark edge to it that shivers running down Cas’ spine.
Dean crawled out from under the cot. His legs were a bit shaky but he pushed through it to stand as a support for Cas. Physical, this time.
Cas could have forcefully grabbed the magical energies, with the binding contract they’d entered into, but he did not work that way. That was one of the fundamental issues he had with the philosophy of his oldest brothers. They believed that the Witch was the power in the relationship, that a Familiar, any Familiar, was a source of power to be used indiscriminately according to the will and desire of the Witch.
Dean wasn’t too far away. They couldn’t afford to have much physical distance between them, for their own safety. He wasn't too far away, but currently out of sight. Cas pushed up a hill until he saw what Dean was looking at.
Dean hopped down off of the boulder and took off at a slow walk upstream.
“Our room is on the second floor,” Castiel said. The first floor was a tap room, nearly empty this time of day. A staircase nestled against one side of the room, and the Witch led them there, and up. The stairs creaked under the weight, but were sturdy enough.
They headed farther in, following a rough trail of packed earth. Unlike Rockville, the buildings in Willow River were mostly wood rather than baked clay. Made sense, he supposed, when they had easy access to trees growing on the river banks. People were resourceful. Whatever materials were around, those were what they’d use to make their dwellings.
something, not just sit here and responding to whatever she sends at us.”
Cas smiled sadly and nodded. “That I can do.”
“Big one, too,” Dean nodded. “Most of the bears around here we’ve come across, their tracks are not much wider than my own.”
“Well, you know, one big glass of whiskey leads to another, and then before you know it there you are. Nice and buzzed.” He did a quarter turn on one heel and sat down on the end of the bed. The mattress dipped under his weight. “You don’t feel like getting drunk after being around that crap? It’s either drinking or sex, and... well. Aren’t that many people here, honestly, and I haven’t figured out yet who’s open to it.”
Charlie hadn’t seen the cat form, yet. “Kitty” brought to mind something different than what she had assumed, though.
He moved his paw, and she quickly rolled over and regained her feet. He wondered what her particular abilities were. Familiars weren’t limited just to what the natural abilities of their form were. Influenced, yes. Cougars were excellent stealth hunters, could remain still for hours, lying in wait for prey to appear. Their night vision was excellent. Colors were more muted when he was in his shift, but he could still tell them apart. Foxes… he didn’t know any fox Familiars, so he didn’t know what they could do, beyond the basics she’d taught him.
The sigil flared with the same sickly yellow color swirled throughout the white rock of the corrupted land as its pattern was disrupted. The ground trembled beneath their feet.
“I know,” Sam answered as he paged through a slim volume.
As soon as they stepped into the saloon, Ellen came around from the back. Her hair was pulled back into a messy bun, and she looked hot, her face red and beads of perspiration dotting her hairline. “Morning, gentlemen. Get the door installed?”
Dean flashed her a smile. “Thank you.” Efficiency in the kill was important. His mother had spent a great deal of time and effort teaching him how to hunt the right way. Honoring prey meant killing swiftly, with as little suffering as possible.
He made Dean sit on a fallen tree trunk while he tended to the wounds on his arm. “Evidence would suggest that it is indeed you that she’s targeting,” he commented as he dabbed at the deep bite marks. Dean winced. “I’m not sure how she’s tracking you.”
Dean looked about. This entrance opened into a garden, the plants just starting to grow this early in the season. The garden was a good size with many neat furrows and mounds. He wasn’t a gardener, but he recognized the thick trailing vines of squash, vertical stands of corn, carrots, peas, beans, potatoes from the small garden his father kept back in New Avalon. There were other plants he didn’t recognize. It was early enough in the season they were still low to the ground.
Partnership. Travel expenses paid by Witch.
The whole town was unlike what he was accustomed to. New Avalon was all brick and stone and where there was wood, it was carefully planed to exact measurements, then painted or whitewashed. Windows were glassed in, and if there wasn’t glass, there were at least shutters, usually painted in a contrasting color. Here almost all of the buildings were some sort of plaster he was unfamiliar with, interspersed occasionally with rough wood construction.
The woman behind the desk looked up, adjusting her spectacles as she looked him over. Her expression was smoothly neutral. “Good morning. How may I help you, sir?”
“Don’t be dramatic, Dean. It isn’t so bad.” Cas stepped forward, towards the dilapidated homestead on the peak of the next rise.
“Oh, no, they weren’t out.”
“Dean…”
Cas gradually came back to consciousness, feeling safe and warm. His hip was perhaps slightly sore where it pressed on an unforgiving surface, and was there a rock there, too? He shifted.
“Yeah, I know. Dean. I get it, I do. I’m not happy about this, but I’m not pissed like Dad is. I’m not going to ask you if you’re sure anymore, or tell you that you’re crazy. We both know you’re crazy, but we also both know that you’re sure. So. You sit here soaking up as much of home as you can while you can, and I’ll sit here, too, soaking up as much brother time as I can while I can.”
The attacks slowed down but didn’t entirely stop. Even so, Dean found their stay at the abandoned homestead surprisingly relaxing. He and Cas worked on repairing the house between  short forays into the surrounding area to check for corruption, or to hunt and forage for food. In some ways it felt like being on a honeymoon — all togetherness and domesticity, punctuated, frequently, with amazing sex.
“Thank you kindly,” he said, sidling through the open doorway to avoid banging the oversized trunk against the wood of the door. Judging by the dents and scratches not everyone was so careful.
“That sounds like a plan,” Garth replied. “We’ll see you later, then. Looking forward to getting to know you, Mr. Winchester. Been a while since we’ve had new friends.”
“Surprised he told me you were an Angelus Witch to begin with, actually,” Dean said.
“What?” That woke Cas up entirely. He nearly fell out of bed in his haste to get up and gather some clothes together. “Alone? Why did no one stop him?” He started to put together a mental list of what supplies he would need, debated if he could afford to gather them and allow Dean to gain even more ground on him.
“Do we need to go all the way?” Charlie asked, her voice uncharacteristically small, her usually bright eyes cloudy and dim.
Cas laughed. “Thank you, I’m glad to be home.” He fondled her ears, scratching at the spot at their base that Dean knew from his own experience felt really, really good.
Dean sighed with the change in mood and met his brother’s gaze. “Yeah, I know. Gonna miss you, too. I’ll write. Not sure how long it will take letters to get here, or how reliable they are, but I’ll write.”
“Dean?”
“Cassie! Looks like you made it safely with Tall, Not-So-Dark and Handsome.” He shoved his hands deep in his pockets and gave Dean a thorough once over. “Earlier than expected, too. I would have taken more time.”
“It’s Bobby and Rufus.” Charlie trembled, barely able to keep her emotions in check. “Bobby and Rufus. Ellen is getting the back room cots ready.”
Gabe poured a ladle of the liquid into his mug, then defiantly took a sip. His golden-green eyes sparked and snapped with pent-up energy. Even his hair wasn’t lying flat, with the occasional sharp zap flaring around his scalp.
“Dean. How long have you been here?” Cas lifted his hands from the earth, brushing them together to remove the soil. He’d have to take a brush to get the last of it from under his nails.
“Yes… we will be together a great deal. Cas is fine.” It was certainly far preferable to Cassie.
He was quick and sure with the measurements he made, moving without hesitation to cutting the wood into appropriate lengths.
No way they would let that one go without asking him.
-oOo-
He couldn’t afford that sort of distraction right now.
It wasn’t often that Gabe’s temper was so foul that it manifested as a miniature electrical storm. Cas mentally braced himself.
“Sounds awesome. Who’s playing?” He’d have to wash up first. No one was going to want to be around him the way he smelled right now. Fence repair was hard work. He’d feel it for a few days, that’s for sure, especially in his shoulders. It worked muscles he didn’t usually use.
Would it be worth it to ask Sam to send more of the stories with his next letter? Packages were a great deal more expensive and less reliable than letters to send. There were probably things more important than adventure books to send, but damn. Bobby would appreciate them so much.
Gabe stroked his chin thoughtfully. “We’re going to need more information, in any event. And we’ll need to monitor what’s going on.”
Dean smiled. “I’d like that. I’m not huge on books, myself, but I appreciate them. Sam, my brother, is never happier than when he’s in a library. Well, in a library or with Jess, but that’s another story.”
The furniture in the Angelus household was proportioned for Castiel, as the tallest and broadest resident of Willow River. Dean, being of a similar size, fit comfortably. Sam looked as though he sat in furniture proportional to children. Every time he moved, his knees banged against the underside of the library table. The third time the candles wobbled dangerously, Cas flicked his fingers and affixed the candlesticks to the table with a small charm. He also created a protective bubble around the flame.
about you!” Garth exclaimed, first in line to crush them in a surprisingly strong hug, considering how lean and gangly he was. “And look at you both, all… Bess, fetch a blanket? Or two?”
Dean watched him go, more than a little mesmerized by the view, until Donna jabbed him in the ribs with a sharp elbow. “You two make sure you come back, you hear? The apples are nearly ripe and I wouldn’t want you to miss out on a fresh batch of honey apple pie.”
“You did! Go Cas.”
The corner of Cas’ mouth twitched up in a smile. “Feel free to do so whenever the need strikes you.” He let his hand slide down the length of Dean’s arm until he reached his hand, and tangled their fingers together briefly before turning to return downstairs.
Being bound to someone who actively despised me was…”
Bobby grunted. “Usually get a few during the warm weather months. Some leave, some come. We haven’t had any departures for a while, either.”
“Makes sense. Anything I can do to help?”
It led to the most intense experience of Dean’s life. He wasn’t entirely sure he didn’t pop a claw or two. If so, Cas had been polite enough not to mention it.
“We are talking about the lightning, now, and not my theoretical nudity?” Cas asked. “More than likely, yes. Correctly interpreting it? Not so much. We need to return.”
Bobby almost smiled at that. “Really is their turn. But they may find it worse than usual. Gabe doesn’t have much patience for their hijinks any more. Last time they headed out on patrol early rather than pull their turn at the trenches, Gabe had
Dean moved up to the bar, leaning against it. “Thank you, ma’am.”
Seeing Jody, Dean couldn’t for the life of him understand it. She was certainly attractive as she was.
He rolled his shoulders after a long day of repairing a section of the stockade where the ropes had somehow rotted enough to threaten coming apart. It was hard work, hot work, but left a sense of accomplishment in its wake.
“Courting trouble there, ain’t ya,” Bobby said as Dean slid his beer over.
He nodded, and made his way back downstairs. He felt unmoored. Barely picking at his plate of food, Dean carried it with him to his room. Maybe this would all make sense in the morning.
“Small magics weren’t a problem,” Cas answered. “Anything I needed to pull energy from outside of myself, it was a fight. Results could be random. I didn’t try very often or for very long for fear the random result would also be destructive.”
Dean came further into the room, blinking owlishly. “Not bad,” he said, voice rough with disuse. “Better than sleeping on the ground like we did on the way in, at least in human form. Do I smell coffee?”
She stretched out her legs, picking a tiny yellow flower and twirling the stem between her fingers. “Let’s see… going on three years now.”
“I will too. I suppose a year isn’t really that long.”
“Mountain lion. Big cat. Not exactly well suited to New Avalon society.”
"I can only imagine, then, what it must be like if he were to be in a library with Jessica. Where are you never happier, Dean?” Cas pointed out the shelves with the particular books under discussion, and then pulled a bottle off of another shelf along with a couple of glasses.
Cas paused in pulling a clean shirt on. “Thank you, Garth. You’re right, I would have been even more of a grumpy gus had no one come to let me know.” He clasped Garth’s shoulder in thanks, and finished getting dressed.
“You have cream?” Dean said, his green eyes lighting up.
“Get some sleep,” Dean reiterated.
“Those two giving you shit?” Bobby asked Dean.
Dean looked at him, serious. “Very much so. How much do you know about the different lineages of Familiars in New Avalon, and along the whole coast, really?”
“Looks like everything is light enough the good folks can come claim what’s theirs without me loading up the cart and bringing them around,” Garth commented. “I’ll bring the mattress over, after dinner. That work for you? I imagine you’re going to want to do your…” he waved his hands in the air in a strange parody of magic casting, “rodent repellent on it? I added some extra herbs for that, but I know how you like to be thorough.”
“I’m here,” Dean agreed. He moved forward and brushed the softest of kisses against Cas’ brow, opening the link between them, flooding Cas with love and comfort. Cas sighed. It felt so good, so unbelievably good.
for them. The type of words that included juggling one of those balls of sparks he’s so fond of and letting it zap them now and then. Walt ended up with a nice hole with singed edges right in his seat.”
“She didn’t have any family that we knew about to return it to,” Cas continued.
He hesitated. There was something inherently
It didn’t really change his impressions. He already was impressed by Dean and by how they worked together. “I will do whatever I can to help you remain outside of my brothers’ influence,” he promised.
“It is not generally I who makes the trip to town, no,” Castiel answered. “My talents are needed elsewhere, but if you enjoy it we can make a point of it on occasion.”
“Yeah,” Gabe agrees.
Honestly, it left him impressed as hell with the Witch he’d managed to get himself bonded to.
“We’ll be good.” As soon as Cas had regained enough energy, Dean had little doubt that he’d be Healing himself and anyone else that needed it, including the horses. Dean would be right beside him, making sure all of the magic he used came through their bond, rather than his innate power.
“Sharing a real room with just one other person sounds like luxury accommodations after being cooped in the stage for two weeks. The train before that was marginally better. At least I had room to stretch out my legs.”
“Morning!” Charlie greeted him, bright as always. “You look like you slept well.” Her eyes twinkled mischievously.
He’d worn his best clothes, the good wool trousers and crisp cotton shirt with the dark brown broadcloth vest, the edges subtly embroidered with a simple leaf pattern, and his good boots. They’d started out polished, though by the time he’d walked through the muddy side streets after stabling his horse at the livery, they looked decidedly worse for wear.
“You’ve got trench rotation, is what you’ve got,” Bobby said, his gaze narrowing.
“Have you considered raising a foal from infancy? If it were well acquainted with you, it would not fear your scent,” Cas suggested, happy enough to go along with the lighter subject matter.
“No can do, Cassie. You’re still recovering.”
The two of them headed over to the saloon, stopping at Bobby’s house first to drop off the tools.
The sun was high overhead, beating down on them mercilessly. Cas gravitated towards a rock formation three times his height to take advantage of the small sliver of shade it provided. He placed his hand on the warm rock and paused. The familiar pull of warding magic sang through his veins. He looked up, squinting at the rock face.
“Mmm, interesting. No, I was not using my own reserves at all, I was drawing entirely from you.” What a lovely thing, to be able to say so. “This is good news. We’ll be able to get quite a lot done.”
“Here,” Sam finally found what he was looking for, and set the book down to show his brother. His finger tapped against a sigil drawn on the page. “This one matches the drawing that you sent me. Just as you thought, it’s a containment sigil. Or, at least, that’s what it was believed to do when it was used on Amara.”
The other Witch and Familiar were a bit farther away than they were when Dean and Cas left them, but not overmuch. Dean nodded at them both, silent, before he shifted and took off back towards the general direction of Willow River. Cas could handle updating them, if they even needed an update.
Winchester cocked his head to the side and got a mischievous glint in his eye. “Yeah? Well then. Maybe I’ll just show you. Once we’re not out here in the public eye.” People knew about Witches and Familiars, but most didn’t knowingly come into contact with them without it setting off their nerves.
He didn’t really care. It was a bed. Right now, that was enough.
“The drunk.  Push it at me through our link, I’ll process it. You can’t afford to be even a little bit drunk if you’ve got healing to do.”
“Come on, let’s get you up to bed.” Dean practically carried Cas up the stairs. He wasn’t a light man, either.
-oOo-
Dean watched Charlie bound off, then settled into a more serious mindset.
“Cas said not to ask anyone about their lives back home. That if they wanted you to know, they’d tell you themselves.”
-oOo-
All of that particular tension drained away upon meeting the Witch. Dean prided himself on being a good judge of character, and first impressions were favorable. There was a spark there, right away. A connection. Castiel was also gorgeous. He stood out among the rest of the townsfolk immediately, even without that indefinable aura that screamed Witch to someone as sensitive to magical energies as Dean was. He was tall and fit, handsome, with dark hair and piercing blue eyes. He’d never seen such a clear blue before. His eyes were striking, no question about that.
“What the... why the fuck would you be worried about rejection? I mean, look at you!”
Gabe looked at him sharply, then scanned him top to toe once more. “You’re damned lucky you’re more or less functional right now. All right. We’ll wait for Dean.”  The sparks eased back, but Gabe’s regard focused in a different, more acute way. “Something else has changed, too.”
“Seriously, you get a lot of omegas in the Rapture army?”
Castiel’s body pulls in on itself, but his words don’t follow suit. “You’re the one who brought it up!”
Putting the bills and the grocery store newsletter to the side, Dean positions the package just right. He moves so he isn’t blocking is own light, and he takes a picture. He texts that to Cas and waits, chewing on his lip.
“Shit, I’m joking, not mocking, okay?” He cups Jimmy’s face in between his palms. “I’m- Look, I don’t actually know what to call you? My name’s Dean Winchester, not Hunter Ryder, and I’m betting you’re not actually named Jimmy Angel.”
Castiel kisses the small of his back. “Of course.” Another puff of warm breath, and Castiel freezes.
Almost certain he’d heard the rumble of a loud car already, Castiel looks out through the peephole in the front door, only to see Dean standing there, pie cradled in one arm, staring at his watch on the other.
“Ah,” Kelly says.
The approaching line of alphas is as ragged and bruised as Castiel feels. It must be.
The wheels and cogs keep turning behind Cas’ eyes, so Dean attempts to end the conversation by turning back to the stubborn pan.
“He’s your girlfriend’s baby. Of course you’re his dad.”
That burst of energy quickly fades from Dean’s body. Soon enough, Dean simply drapes himself across Castiel’s back, from ass to shoulder. He rocks them together like the tide, a natural force too unstoppable for mere exhaustion to counter it.
While everyone takes position, a horn trumpets from the royal box. All turn to face the speaker standing at the forefront of the box. Certainly, all are meant to turn. Wary stances and drawn weapons are by far the norm, heads turned only as far as required.
“You’re not allowed to fall, Dean,” Castiel chastens him like this is something Dean’s supposed to know. “But if you think you belong on the floor, then that’s where I’ll have to put you.”
Dean nuzzles a nod and keeps breathing. Pulls in the low musk of arousal. Savors the cushion beneath his knees and the return of the devastating ache in his crotch. Feels the fingers in his hair and the fabric against his cheeks and nose and lips as Castiel gradually turns him, unrelentingly uses him.
He doesn’t mean to, but he bites.
The first time someone implies that at him, Dean’s response is slow and clueless, because how else is he meant to respond to a cashier gingerly asking him if he’s okay. Dean looks at his groceries (more junk than health food, more meat than vegetables, but nothing obviously dire) and answers, “I’m... hanging in there?”
The cashiers ask him about his cats. The baggers ask him about his cats. Both groups of people seem alarmed at his sudden stop of buying cat biscuits, as if this indicates feline fatalities.
Aloud, he says none of this. Instead, he commits treason, and lies to to his king:
Distantly, immediately, a surge of animosity toward an unknown librarian arises.
He sees the guy again, though.
“Holy shit, they almost match,” Dean says, grabbing Castiel’s hand to compare. Dean’s has a single, larger stone set into the band, but the silver is the same shade, and while Castiel’s band has two lines etched into the metal, framing the trio of stones, Dean’s ring has a single line, interrupted only by the single diamond. “How did we do that?”
Dean’s smile widens, even as he rolls his eyes and says, “Dork.”
Cheeks flushing, Jimmy looks away with a tick in his jaw that absolutely cannot be called a pout.
“Sam, you gotta go,” Dean whispers, pulse thundering in his head, in his limbs, as Castiel advances on him, unhurried and undeterred. His eyes burn, searing away everything in Dean’s peripherals in a whitening haze.
Dean picks up his underwear, half-crunchy, half-wet. His jeans, too, are sweat-soaked, a one-way ticket to chaffing. At least, Dean will call it sweat-soaked. Most of it is.
Dean raises his eyebrows. Very friendly. Completely non-threatening. Exactly what a lot of his alpha co-stars need in order to fuck him without going aggro over it. Unlike Mr. Glowers-a-lot over there, when Dean plays the bottom role, he has to play it perfectly. And he fucking does.
Castiel threads his fingers through Dean’s. He brings their hands to his cock.
Dean’s excellent humor continues all through November. He schedules two appointments two weeks in a row (“’Cause there’s no way the Thanksgiving booze is making it out of me by the day after”), but will be making up for the close timing by only donating once in early December (“Nothing personal, I just need to be at full power for the holidays, y’know how it is”).
With this as well, Dean refuses to agree. Even when their relationship takes a turn towards the physical, Dean objects to any nocturnal vigils on Castiel’s part.
Dean shakes his head with an easy smile. “It wasn’t anything I was gonna watch anyway.”
Castiel hits play and finally grabs his burger. Choosing which side to start with, he pays his food more attention than the start of the movie. He hums with the first bite. “This is good,” he says with his mouth full.
“All right, you two. More of that Master-slut back and forth, I want a workable transition here, no abrupt cuts.”
“No,” Dean says. And then adds, “No drugs, no work, but three months since last week on the sex.”
“For this alpha has bequeathed the greatest courting gift unto my son that he has ever desired,” King John continues, now gesturing to the lone figure standing in the arena. Standing with fear tightened into defiance. “Victory.”
“Such is often the way,” Castiel agrees.
Cas shakes his head. “You know I hate not knowing something. Especially something important to you.”
Faintly, nigh imperceptibly, Queen Mary almost looks pleased. Just for a moment. One instant.
“Something wrong with that?” Dean asks, sitting taller, crossing his arms on instinct. If he wasn’t already lathered in synthetic omega scent (
“What’d you do, Elsa? Make a skating rink?” Dean asks, still fishing around with one foot for a safe spot to stand.
.” Again, he grips Dean by the throat, hand jammed up against Dean’s jaw. “Unless you
“He’s not coming in today,” Hannah says.
“With me, it is, yeah.”
Castiel reluctantly shifts enough to look back.
Eyes cold, Hunter replies, “You have no idea what that bastard tried to do to me. What he does to, to people like me.”
“No, fine, whatever.” He shrugs and turns away, heading out of the kitchen and to the stairs. “I’m gonna try to put him down for a nap.”
“I can’t get out of the car like this,” Castiel insists, his cheeks flushed so dark in the shadows of the lot.
They hang up. Castiel puts his phone away but doesn’t turn the keys in the ignition. Instead, he simply sits, and feels, and tries so hard to bask in an affection well-established and secure.
Down the line, Sam audibly squirms. “The shelter’s really underfunded, okay? It’s a good cause. And maybe a tax write off.”
’s all down the list.
,” Dean interrupts. “
Dean spends the next eight glorious seconds rutting against Castiel’s foot, and then he takes a very cold shower. He spends the rest of the night popping boners like a teenager who just discovered HBO, only for Castiel to insist on being a little spoon come bedtime.
Castiel nods.
“You gotta take a nap, kid. You’re making your dad grumpy.”
As if on cue, the head of Dean’s dick peeks out the top. One of his balls makes an attempt down the corresponding leg hole.
Well, then.
When the urge to gag or cough fades, Dean taps again, a single time.
“Sorry?” Castiel frowns down at him in confusion.
Seeing where this is going, Castiel adds, “We could do that in person too.”
“To them,” Castiel allows. “Not on or in. I want to see them clean.”
“Oh fuck,” Sam says from behind him.
“I think it’s sexy.”
“You know we put our phones away when we’re not on breaks,” Castiel reminds Dean. “You could have called Hannah if it was urgent.”
Too quickly, the evening slinks away. So much of Castiel’s time with Dean escapes in fleeting, three hour intervals, and tonight is no exception. Technically, that’s six hours they’ve spent around each other today, but the first three no longer feel as if they count. When Castiel mentions this, Dean promptly announces he has nothing pressing he has to do tomorrow.
“It means,” Sam says, now looking around the bar, presumably to see what the hell is taking Cas so long with the drinks, “it means... I’ll bet you for it. If I win, I get to listen to my podcasts in the Impala. And if you win, I’ll shut up about it.”
“I can’t ask her out at
“The apple juice is in the fridge,” Castiel reminds him, snapping on a fresh pair of gloves. That done, he promptly turns around and heads to the next donor who needs to be unhooked. He doesn’t immediately hear Dean move behind him, but dizziness isn’t an unheard of side effect.
Dean stands back and watches until the noise gets too annoying. And then, because he’s a glutton for punishment, he doesn’t leave. He doesn’t brush this off as his due diligence and head for the door.
Under the table, gradually and then insistently, Dean bumps his boots against Castiel’s shoes. They sit with their legs ankle-to-ankle, and between the unending refills of coffee, they talk until their jaws crack with yawns. Even then, sitting in their own private silence, they each refuse to leave.
As always, to see what else I'm working on, you can follow me on
“Uh-huh,” Hunter replies, swapping the waterskin for the helm. His expression one of clear distaste, he ungloves one hand and reaches around inside the helm. He rubs at the back of his neck. At the sides. Waves at his face, indicating the heat to their onlookers.
“Gabe, we’re gonna do the wall fuck!” Dean announces.
“Until you call and tell me to,” Dean finishes, unable to keep from adjusting himself in his jeans. That one touch turns into a hard press.
“Okay,” Dean says. “Sure. Your new best friend.”
“October
“Oh,” says Castiel.
“Okay, who am I going for?” Sam asks.
“You are… twenty-nine.”
While Castiel is drawing on him, it’s Dean who asks, “Do you think there were gay dinosaurs?”
“You wanna suck me off in these?”
Up the stairs, it quickly becomes apparent that this is a servants’ access hall. There’s an operating kitchen tucked in here, filled with silver trays in various stages of preparation and mess. The heat of cooking replaces the heat of bodies, the area dim with the controlled stove fires. The medics lead him on, past several doors marked with simple labels,
Cas refusing to let him go.
“Hold it,” Castiel urges. “Just like that. Hold it for me, Dean.”
,” Hunter agrees, and his name absolutely suits him, from teeth to blade. The magnificence of the righteous. The glory of the just.
After all, with nearly five years of his facade, this lie of love is public knowledge. As his party departs, there are songs and cheering, all centered upon one refrain:
my work has to be as an unbreakable omega.”
Castiel readies his stance.
Dean demands. “What the hell is your problem? Fuck, what the hell do you think is
Dean knows exactly how that dream ended.
“That ass,” Jimmy shoots back, voice slurring slightly with all the pleasure Dean can give him. “That ass is mine. He fucks me well enough, he gets my cock. If you try to spoil my slut, I
“Uh, ‘cause you’re a walking zombie? Seriously, when was the last time you slept.”
He holds them against himself, the flouncy pair first. He regards the lines and his own hair, and while he may not be a manscaper, he does consider some trimming. Nothing down to the skin, nothing to turn tonight into an itchy mess, but enough to get things under wraps, enough to blend in a little more with his leg hair.
Castiel’s eyes gleam blue-white. “You’re not allowed to pass out, Dean. When you lose consciousness, it will be while you come on my cock or not at all.” He tilts his head in cool consideration. “Or while you beg for my cock. I haven’t decided.”
Castiel thinks about it. “Are we going to talk about boys?”
Withdrawing the ice cube, Castiel ducks his head to blow hot air down Dean’s crack.
“Don’t you want to touch the sides?” Dean asks.
“You literally just did.”
Chewing happens on the couch.
“Nope,” Sam says, grinning with a glee that borders on malice, because Cas is finally heading back, Cas could fucking hear them, holy fucking shit,
,” he says, urgent, close to a command, and Dean, fuck, he gets it.
Dean points at him. “You’re buying the supplies, though.”
Castiel leans over and secures the button of the cuff for him, the texture of the flannel made strange through his gloves. “There.”
This last finally jogs Castiel’s memory: he had been surprised by the omega on the training grounds during their visit. He had only seen the boy from a distance, but the deference of those around him had proclaimed the omega for what he was.
Dean wobbles his hand. “For a little while, not a whole night.”
“Maybe.”
Due to the absolutely packed schedule, Castiel is unable to take his time with Dean or check on him properly. He has enough time to blanket Dean up and tuck him in, but then the next two hours pass in a blur of asking names and birthdays, sticking arms, and applying bandages.
What now?
A douchey move, regardless.
Blinking away reciprocal tears, Dean rubs his back. Touches Cas more than he’s been able to for months, more than he’s been permitted to for years in the casual brushes of friendship.
“Kinky,” Dean answers with a grin. “You offer that to everybody or am I just special?”
Brows furrowed beneath his helm, Castiel looks back at him.
A minute of anticipation later, porch lights illuminate the brown siding of this particular slice of suburbia. The door opens, and there’s Cas, hugging a pair of people Dean’s eventually going to have to meet. Not tonight, though, hell no.
Eventually, Dean has to swallow.
“I love that you ask for this now,” Castiel murmurs, feeding them both by turn, using only his left hand. It’s a little clumsy but keeps Castiel able to work throughout.
“I’m ready, Castiel,” Dean murmurs.
“Think so?”
“Were you going to fuck him?” Jimmy yells at Benny. “Were you going to fuck what’s mine? This is
“You sure?” she asks, concern plain on her face.
Undeterred, Castiel simply takes one of Dean’s hands and brings it back to his own cock. Dean presses wet kisses to his spine. Dean brings his other hand into play, fully trusting Castiel with their combined weight as Castiel remains on some threes, rather than on all fours.
The last pair, Dean can barely get into. He’d known that would be a danger with these, and that was before he’d gotten hard. The lace edging serves as a warning system, providing a faint itch as his dick and balls slide out from under black silk.
, you’re so good!”
Quivering in the combined rushes of fear and bloodlust, Hunter trembles with indecision before stalking away, retreating towards Prince Sam. The distance is somehow larger than it was before. Vast with the pulsing pain in Castiel’s shoulder and side. It slows both of them.
Music pounds from the wall speakers. Strangers chat around them. From the booths, at least two children are fighting over crayons and place mats. It should be too loud, but Dean’s presence helps calm the noise.
“I should find a suitable belt for this,” Castiel muses. “Bind it around the back of your head and keep you trapped with your mouth around my cock.”
“Oh baby,” Dean coos, stepping in to hug him.
“I hope I didn’t spoil anything, last time.”
Dean.
Cas’ eyes visibly darken. “You will be,” Cas promises, his voice taking a quick plunge down an elevator shaft. “Anything else?”
Castiel rolls over beneath him instead. “Kiss me.”
He groans against Castiel’s lips, against the dual tastes of latex and desperation.
Dean grimaces, looking down at his bandaged arm. “Sorry, I know it’s weird to ask at work, and I went ahead and did it anyway-”
“You’re an uncle?”
Dean and Cas are up next. They do their entrance in only a few takes, and all of the direction comes at Dean. Cas is gonna Cas, and the same taciturn expression that had him starring in a few too many non-con scripts as the omega who could not be broken, is now the commanding look that shows how thoroughly the icy omega has whipped his knot-loving alpha. It’s Cas’ Blue Steel, and versatile as that is, no one’s been smart enough to realize Cas has a bigger range when there’s actual chemistry involved.
Coming back into the donation room, he immediately looks to Dean, and here at least is confirmation: Dean’s staring back. Dean immediately closes his eyes, but the quick, guilty eye contact was enough to prove Castiel isn’t simply being paranoid. What it means beyond that, Castiel has absolutely no idea.
Cas keeps watching him, because that’s what Cas does. Keeps their shoulders pressed together, because that’s what Dean started.
Sam grabs Dean’s shoulder. Tries to pull Dean away with him.
Castiel texts before putting his phone back in the drawer.
Castiel holds up a finger.
Again, Castiel has himself a little think.
With nothing plugging his mouth or blocking his nose, Dean still fights to breathe.
“It’ll be a good surprise,” Dean swears.
, a freezing pressure pushing wetly against his hole.
“I love you,” Cas repeats, muttering into the thermos, puffing cooling breaths across it.
And because Cas has never fully understood anything about personal space, he still comes around the tiny table to hop up onto the stool next to Dean, instead of taking Sam’s.
“Yep, no, I’m gone,” Sam announces, his words increasingly distant. “Dream, yeah, got it, I’ll just- That’s your bed, I’ll be- That is a
“It can be,” Castiel allows.
Castiel’s eyes dart from Dean’s ass to his face. “I… Do you want to? Tonight?”
it,” Dean pants, clenching his ass as Castiel squeezes each cheek in turn. As Castiel hollows his mouth and shows Dean exactly how much room there is for thrusting. Shallow and fast, Dean practically vibrates in place. Still Castiel hums. Still Castiel kisses him hard and tight.
“That depends entirely on the person doing the asking,” Castiel answers again, terse about it. He hates to lie, but he absolutely cannot encourage Dean toward this librarian.
Something thunks on the kitchen table: Cas’ head, right beside his abandoned glass of water.
“He was very certain you’d like it,” Castiel says, looking at their hands together.
other than my cock?”
Dean muffles his moan against Castiel’s knee.
,” Castiel praises, as delighted as he is surprised. “Oh,
When they’re as limber and warmed up as they’re gonna get, they do the fake warm-ups for the camera, lingering and slow. And also increasingly naked.
to go clothes shopping in the spare half hour he has before going to pick up Cas, but…
the guy can just
Castiel hooks his foot beneath the spearman’s fallen weapon and kicks it at Ava while backing away. A minor distraction, but an opening enough for Balthazar to fill. Where Ava falls, Gordon steps in close, slamming into Balthazar, the pair grappling.
Eyes on them, Dean strips. Grabbing a pillow for the floor, he kneels in front of his bed, both of his hands stroking: the left on his dick, the right on the panties themselves.
Castiel frowns. “You once said we’d be roommates in the nursing home. Were you joking?”
“I’m upset,” Castiel states, feeling it keenly, his mouth a hard line. Through his windshield, he sees Hannah climb into their own car with a small wave. He nods back.
Is it a challenge? Is Jimmy challenging him, omega to alpha-fucked-like-an-omega? Dean doesn’t have a clue how omegas challenge each other, but this might be it. If Dean could scent him beneath the blockers and the artificial, always horny-smelling synthetic omega perfume, maybe then he’d know what the hell was the guy’s problem.
Jimmy shakes his head. “Not important. You were saying?”
Dean sucks apologies. He sucks gratitude. He kisses the massive girth as best he can, as much as he can. He controls himself better when he starts to gag, or maybe Castiel takes that away from him, holding Dean’s throat open the same way he holds open Dean’s legs.
“Just, just to check,” Dean says. “Y’know. To be clear. You’re okay with, with
“You, you could’ve-” Dean pauses there, mouth not working, head bobbing like a failing piston. Dean points to his own phone again. “For the first time? In a
“How are you feeling?” Castiel asks.
Castiel shakes his head. “I can wait.”
Dean stares up at him, far more surprised than the situation warrants. “...Really. Seriously? You’re serious?”
“Dude, it’s fine,” Dean says despite having looked disappointed earlier. “You’re swamped, I get it.”
The rest of the way, Dean pointedly doesn’t look at him. He makes it all the way to the Impala and opening the trunk for the groceries without looking at Cas again. And he only looks because he needs to juggle the keys and the umbrella.
To Dean’s eternal credit, he looks
The lines collide, Prince Samuel slamming shield and spear shaft into Alistair. Castiel shoves back the combatant before him, the better to strike his blade into Alistair’s side. Metal clangs against metal, but Castiel’s shoved foe regains her balance quickly, too quickly, and Castiel pays for it with a stinging blow to the shoulder, nearly to the head.
Cas grunts.
“She had a restraining order against him, right?”
It’s a no, but it’s not a
Shoulders slumping, Cas sighs. “I don’t know how, but Sam put you up to this.”
There’s a lot more sound and motion after that, most of it involving getting naked.
“That’s reassuring,” Castiel says dryly, getting a tiny huff of a laugh out of Dean. “Now, what’s going to happen is, I’m going to insert one needle in your left arm and one into your right arm. Your blood is going to go through this machine here and your platelets will be separated out. An anticoagulant will be added to your blood so it doesn’t clot coming back in.”
This time, Dean collapses all the way to the ground.
“What, you said it like you were begging forgiveness, okay? Excuse a guy for getting freaked out.”
Castiel and Hunter both turn, and there stands Prince Samuel, a small retinue at his heels. Hunter hastily releases Castiel’s shoulder, and Castiel does the same. If Prince Samuel thinks anything of it, the visor of his helmet conceals those thoughts.
“Is there some reason you dislike Dean so much?” Castiel has to ask.
Jimmy nods. “Yes. No more than three.”
The alpha crumples as the third horn blast rings out, and both Castiel and Hannah hold position, at once motionless and posed for the next wave of attack.
Too awake to trust the physics of floating dream sex, Dean grabs on in the only way he can and bites down. On anyone—anything—else, there’d be crunching and blood, but Castiel simply narrows his eyes.
More than ready, Dean stops Cas with a hand high on his thigh. He grins in the face of Cas’ surprise. “I’m in charge tonight.”
Muttering about it, Dean unnecessarily pulls off his gloves, wedges them under one arm, and drops his hands into Castiel’s. Biting his already chapped lip, Dean looks to the side, at the pile of snow he’s made limited progress freeing his car from.
“I’m sure Gabriel already has plans for the blocking.”
“It has been a decade since we traveled,” King Michael says.
Castiel and Hannah look at each other and nod.
“Should be able to handle them separately,” Prince Samuel says, Hunter nodding along.
Rolling his eyes, Dean drags the door closed. “Cas, you fix him up yet? I need a hand shoveling all this bullshit. We wait any longer, driving south won’t get us ahead of the storm.”
Santa ho-ho-ho’s in clear relief. “I’m glad it’s for such a good reason. You’re a very thoughtful young man, Jack.”
Wordlessly, Dean nods.
“Yeah, but,” Dean says and stops. Changes his angle of approach. “If we jumped to being married and shit, that’d be crazy.”
Gripping the tie by the long end, not the short, cinching end tucked beneath, Castiel shifts his weight and passes the tip of the tie between his own legs. With his right hand behind his back, Castiel pulls, drawing Dean forward by the neck until Dean’s face is again flush to Castiel’s crotch. With his left hand, Castiel again grips Dean by the hair.
The practiced take-down leading to Dean’s eventual fucking takes a couple passes to get just right, but maybe that’s just because roughhousing is the best kind of foreplay where things with Benny are concerned.
Wednesday night, Dean has assignments from school and dinner with Bobby. Cas has his evening seminar.
And again.
A gangly alpha with exhausted posture attempts to straighten up. “Are you sure?”
Castiel pulls back, visibly winds up, and holds his open hand aloft in warning.
“I am.”
Castiel’s smile is as faint as it is victorious.
Dean cracks a grin. “No, but everyone else in here has, like. Plain normal ones.”
“Write down your number, and I’ll text you the place.”
“Then don’t touch your dick.”
He’s staying calm.
“Please what?” Dean asks, riding high, drawing closer.
“Thanks.” Hunter drinks first. Castiel forces himself to ignore the sight even before Hunter begins to wash the limited parts of himself he can reach.
Refusing to look, Dean shakes his head. Bad enough to have his subconscious do this to him in his sleep.
Which is how they’re doing a supply run under a shared umbrella. Cas’ arm up in between them, rubbing against Dean’s with every step. Dean’s shoulder bumping against Cas’ with every gesture as he tries to talk like everything’s absolutely normal.
“I mean this one can go until we start falling asleep.”
“Correct. Fishing?”
“Baby, no, I’ll do it right this time,” Dean swears, playing up the strain in his throat. “I swear I wasn’t trying to flirt with him, I’m your slut, just yours-”
“I don’t want to change this,” Castiel says as Kelly drives them back.
Castiel shakes his head. “Faster. I have work in the morning.”
“The closest thing to a good sleep you can get as an angel, yeah, yeah.”
There is a brief interlude where the bartender returns with their drinks, they thank her, and Dean waits for her to walk away before answering.
Castiel learns of this in his post in a border town. The letter comes from King Michael himself, and commands Castiel to prepare to return to the capital within the month. With the war at a standstill, Castiel must train for the inevitable tournament to win his omega. Such is the Winchester way.
In one single, fluid motion, Castiel ducks around Sam.
“Got it,” Dean says before doing as bid, carrying his plaid shirt instead of putting it back on. Castiel goes back to work, but he does see Dean as he leaves, stopped by the door to give him a wave.
“You’d fuck me? Seriously?”
dumbass,” Dean shoots back. “I’ve got an equal opportunity ass, that doesn’t mean omegas don’t do it for me too.”
With shield and quick feet, Castiel turns an oncoming spear thrust into a glancing blow. He steps in close to punch the spearman in the throat; when the spearman brings up his shield, someone else strikes the spear from his now single-handed grip.
The outer doors close behind Dean.
Castiel looks down at himself. “...Oh.”
The list of notable competitors does eventually prove itself to be abridged, as neither Hannah nor Balthazar are announced. Alistair, however, is. There’s politics in that, but hardly as much in the single look Castiel and the man exchange once more across the field.
“Your donation will have enough platelets to help three patients. In the next five days, you’ll have radically changed someone’s quality of life. My job is to make that as easy as possible.”
Several people have asked, and yes, I do read all the comments! There's just a bunch of you and my energy is low, so while I don't individually respond anymore, please know you're appreciated.
“You’re doing so great, babe,” Dean praises Cas, pressing kisses to the side of his throat. It probably looks funny on camera, maybe even degrading, how much Dean fawns over his seemingly stoic, ever icy omega. Doesn’t matter. Cas is still doing great.
Once more, Castiel tries not to study him too hard; he’s aware his bedside manner can be disconcerting at times. For that reason, he keeps his focus on Dean’s arm. Dean’s musculature might be well-defined, but this vein isn’t quite so obvious. It takes Castiel a few moments longer to be sure before drawing his lines, and Dean doesn’t comment on this.
Dean heads into the room that was once Cas’ office, and now Jack’s nursery. There’s a lot of crap in here, everything Kelly had prepared and never gotten to use. Laying Jack down in that crib and flipping the mobile on, it’s all stuff that should’ve been Kelly’s, and Dean just feels like shit, having that when she doesn’t, even after she stole Cas.
Castiel waits.
“You’re a bucking bronco, cher,” Benny tells Dean, a grin in his voice as he rides Dean in a burst of immature, clothed frottage. When Dean shifts his weight onto one arm and lifts the other in a lassoing motion, Benny laughs, and Gabriel grins behind the camera.
“In addition to the public heathouse, there’s a private heathouse for officers’ mates and omega soldiers at each major station.”
“Course.” Dean kisses him back hard, already thrumming from the contact after being wound up last night. As he finally heads out the door, he’s absolutely certain: it’s going to be a tough week.
Gabriel claps his hands twice, loudly. “All right, now that everyone’s here, let’s go through the basic blocking.” He points them where to go, where to stop, and where to expect the cameras. Benny will be fucking Dean up against this wall here, and Jimmy will be on the ground, spit-roasted there.
The single hand clamped around his wrists, clamps down harder. His bones grind against each other. Reflexively, his arms fight to free themselves from behind his back, but of course they fail.
“You were worried about
Hunter grins, wide and wild, a creature tamed by his own hand. “Fuck yeah.”
“Dean Winchester, January twenty-fourth,” Dean says with a small sigh.
“I can see that,” Castiel says, inspecting his abused tie. Putting the sex towel down first, he rolls Dean back over, taking care to turn him in the direction that loosens the twisted binding on Dean’s wrists. That done, Castiel runs one proprietary hand down Dean’s arms, across his chest. Down his stomach. Through his pubes.
Moves their hands to the side, and his free hand to Dean’s shoulder.
“What?” Castiel asks right back, still waiting for Dean to join him from the reception area.
Walking away with loud footsteps for an unshod man, Castiel takes his time. The kitchen cabinet closes. The fridge door grumbles about ice, and the glasses ping. All the while, Dean strains desperately inside his own mind, fixated on Castiel, on his dick, on the weight of the ring around his finger.
It mirrors.
Dean grabs at one of Cas’ hands. Castiel immediately threads their fingers together.
“Little weird, little cold in the arm,” Dean admits. “Nothing bad, though.”
“Yeah.”
Dean seizes around him. Clutching hands, framing legs. The comforting softness of his stomach stiffens against the small of Castiel’s back. His cock turns stiffest of all.
They sit a while longer.
Castiel nods back.
“Yes,” Castiel answers.
“You will yield,” Prince Samuel repeats, voice low in the abrupt lull as those who can shuffle out, do. “You will be escorted by someone I
Amazing, obviously, but also batshit insane.
Still rocking into Jimmy’s ass, Dean opens his eyes.
Thursday night, the lasagna is finally gone, thanks to Cas’ relentlessness and many reheated lunches. After staring blankly into the fridge, Dean bites the inside of his cheek before making a dickish kind of food joke. He slaps some lunch meat and cheeses down on a wooden cutting board, adds a couple gherkins and pickle chips, then adds some pepperoni and olives for the hell of it.
fucking good.
They taste of the same coffee, rendering it inoffensive. Beneath that, there’s a hint of sweetened blueberries and pastry, and further still beneath that, there is the warm comfort of being met breath for breath, movement for movement. Dean urges Castiel’s arms up around his shoulders, and Castiel complies, the better to once more play with Dean’s hair.
There is a pause.
They do this for a good while, Jimmy barking orders, Dean heaping praise and promises on him, until Gabriel cuts in.
“Hook up,” Dean says. “Have some casual sex. Blow off some steam. Y’know. Have fun.”
With a low snarl, Jimmy wrests himself free from everyone but Dean, before dragging Dean to the floor. Hauling Jimmy down with him, Dean hits the ground first, hits it hard, making sure Jimmy doesn’t take the brunt of the fall, and it’s not the impact that knocks the wind out of him.
Castiel draws the ribbon from its knot. From its loop around Dean’s neck. He clenches it in his hand as Dean leans back and pets the ruffled sides of the panties.
Something in his tone feels like it’s meant to be a reminder, a quiet
“Cool,” says Jack.
“Need it,” Dean pants.
Strikes him stinging, across the face.
“Yeah?”
“Uh.” Dean blinks at him. “...Sure?”
“Hold on,” Castiel says, following his own advice to lead Dean around by a fistful of t-shirt. Into the office they go, right up to Castiel’s desk, and then Castiel releases Dean to yank open the desk drawer, rip out a caddie of pens and post-its, and rip open the little box of staples behind it.
It’s a mess.
“I know what you should spank me for. Later. In the punishment panties.”
Rolling his eyes, Castiel reaches up to cup Dean’s face and pull him into a chaste kiss. The temperature of Dean’s face is proof enough that Dean must have been standing out in the cold for a few minutes or more.
“I’ll help,” Castiel repeats, standing from Sam’s bedside and going to Dean.
“Okay,” Dean says, a tiny laugh shaking his voice. “I mean, yes, yes, Castiel.”
The announcer turns to the royal box, gesturing to where King John now stands. King John holds up both hands, and the entire arena hushes into silence.
If Castiel seems unduly thrown off by the business, it’s because he is a creature of habit and routine. The fact that they have Dean’s address and phone number on file absolutely does not torture him in any way.
With his hands once again freed, Dean covers his face. There’s no point. He remembers exactly how this dream went.
The man winces slightly at the term. “We work to gain enough trust to fix the animals and eventually rehome them. So.” He straightens up his already straight back. “Do you need help caring for a cat colony?”
Castiel takes his foot away, and Dean keens, pressing his head into Castiel’s hands.
, look at you.”
“Is it easier?” Castiel asks. “If I say it instead?”
Mouth a crumpled line, Cas reaches out. Grabs Dean by the far shoulder.
Castiel fucks him. Thrusts in hard, pulls back slow. Has to pull back slow, Dean’s ass clinging to him so hard, Dean’s body resisting even the most temporary escape on Castiel’s part. When Castiel does pull out, Dean shouts in uncomprehending frustration, but Castiel pulls him compliant, pours him over.
Jimmy hesitates just a second too long before nodding.
The morning of Dean’s appointment, Castiel confirms with Hannah that Dean is still coming in. Meg attempts to tease him about this, but Castiel stands his ground, possibly more defensive than is strictly called for.
Dean whimpers until he can’t, but he does not nod. Bursts of color stain his vision, even as it darkens.
As the dressing room air smacks into his nose, Dean’s brain stops. The typical load of synthetic omega scents, sure, but, there’s,
“I should tell you something,” Castiel says with a groan, his cheek set against Dean’s chest where they sprawl on Dean’s couch, failing to watch TV.
“Trying to signal something, Clarence?” Meg asks with a wink that particular morning.
Rolling his eyes, Castiel puts on his stethoscope and forces out words he very much doesn’t wish to say. “You don’t have to become celibate to keep donating, Dean. You can have as much sex as you want, provided it’s with women and non-binary partners designated female at birth. It’s an idiotic, homophobic rule, and you shouldn’t let it restrict your life.”
The inner doors close behind Castiel.
“Not yet, but they’re thinking about trying soon, so-”
Dean comes all over him in long shaking pulses, ass clenching, hands clutching, legs wrapped tight. Almost before he can gasp out a moan, Castiel groans “oh, thank God” and comes inside him with short, pounding thrusts that push Dean farther up the bed. They catch themselves against the headboard, foreheads pressed together, bodies entwined as tightly as they’re able, and something in Dean finally,
Dean is not a cat person.
“Maybe you did,” Dean agrees. “Okay, my turn. You’re a phlebotomist, not a doctor, dammit. I have no idea if you have any siblings and no clue what you listen to.”
“Tell me, Dean,” Castiel says yet again. And again. An elongated torture of two hands, one motionless, one relentless. “All you need to do is nod.”
Jimmy breaches him in a stretch almost as good as two of his fingers. Longer, thicker, yes, but less dexterous, less able to immediately press and rub where the rubbing is good. Hotter too, though, so hot. Dick so hot with blood and intent, like having Jimmy press part of his heart inside Dean.
As Dean’s next appointment falls the day after his birthday, Castiel does the logical thing and purchases a cupcake from the grocery store. He brings it in, keeping it inside his lunchbox until his break, and then he transfers it to the mini-fridge in the canteen. A neon green post-it on it reads,
Dean sinks down, thighs spasming from the position. He begs with his mouth. Behind his back, his arms are forced to unfold, his wrists dragged down to the floor.
Castiel tugs Dean’s head back. Makes Dean look up at him with hazy eyes. “Louder.”
“Was that a reflex kinda thing?” Dean asks. “Like, texting about your kid, you autofill that?”
Dean bites his lip, clearly considering it.
“No reward yet,” Dean tells him. “Need to keep going.”
Castiel looks away and settles his helm onto his head and its chainmail aventail around his neck. Hunter’s scent fills his nostrils, his lungs, his mind. As he has never been before, Castiel is scentmarked in return. Outwardly impassive, he adjusts his gauntlets. “Will you consider it? You’re officer quality, that much is clear.”
Cas does not move it.
Jimmy slaps him across the ass again. “
Being a professional, Castiel comments on none of this. Instead he tries and fails to come up with something to talk to Dean about before his headphones go on for the next two hours.
Slowly, Cas props himself up just enough to look Dean in the eyes. “I can do that.”
Maybe it was the two beers in ten minutes on an empty stomach, but Dean can’t stop the incredulous words coming out of his mouth. “So, what, you wanna do some run up until you—I’m serious—until you fall in love with me?”
Alistair strides in the center of the line, his too-familiar sneer widening with each step. Eyes locked on Castiel, his expression twists into a grin that contains only teeth. There is a reason Alistair forgoes a helmet that would better protect his face; he wishes too badly to be known, and feared.
“Goal oriented,” Castiel replies.
Now this,
“Huh,” says Dean, but he looks oddly delighted at the thought. “Yeah, that makes sense. Hilarious to picture though.”
Castiel stares at him.
Prince Samuel charges, and the line must follow.
“What? Oh, oh no,” Dean interrupts, waving both hands and cutting Castiel off before he can say
Confronts the lack of unfinished chicken wings to fuss with.
True to his word, Castiel returns shortly and carefully lays the blanket over Dean’s legs and chest, avoiding the tubing and the wires to Dean’s earbuds. “Any better?”
Dean breathes. He makes himself hold Castiel’s eyes as long as he can stand it, but the wave of terror never comes, only the rising tide of vulnerability. And so he looks and looks and keeps looking.
“Thank you, Castiel,” Dean answers.
“Up or down?” Castiel asks, finally pressing the tip of his dick to Dean’s rim.
Then three.
Dean frowns at him. Looks at the man, and the shelves, and the man’s height versus his own. “I can reach the top shelf better than you, buddy.”
“Oh, baby,
There’s an abrupt flurry of footsteps pounding down the staircase inside, the screaming carried with it. After only a brief bit of tumblers turning in their locks, there’s Cas, pale except for the dark bruises beneath his eyes, hair flat and oily where it isn’t sticking up wildly, his t-shirt stained with who knows what. In his arms, he bounces the human loudspeaker that is his godson.
not helping today. Trench coat guy fucking tails him all the way out.
To disagree would be dangerous at this point. “Yes.”
Castiel drags him off and slaps him anew.
Castiel hums, an appreciative sound.
. So far, Hannah has been inclined to let Meg get away with it, and Castiel can’t say he particularly minds. If this is what counts for office drama here, he’ll count himself lucky.
“They’re very tight,” Castiel answers in what is far from a complaint.
“This requires suspiciously little planning on my part,” Cas says.
It doesn’t matter.
“Is that a no.”
Sadly, Sam is no longer dumb enough to take him up on that. Instead, he keeps looking around, craning his neck to see... something or other. “I bet you... that I can get laid tonight before you can get a single kiss. We pick each other’s targets.”
“Shouldn’t be serious,” Castiel repeats. He can only hope his tone is reassuring.
A few more donors and covering for Meg during her break, and it’s time to detach Dean. Pulling on a fresh pair of gloves with the change of patient, Castiel nudges Dean’s shoulder with his wrist.
“It has to be a position where we’re both facing the camera,” Jimmy begins to reason out. “For the largest visual impact, we’d start physically against each other.”
” Castiel breathes.
“Yes, ‘Master.’”
From there, Dean washes his hands of it. Literally: he’s allergic to every surface in that building. By the end of the day, Sam calls to yell at him for forcing the issue, but hey, at least that means she’d called.
Castiel moves away to get the lube, but he comes back with a speed Dean heartily appreciates. Then Castiel goes and pauses again, but-
“Yeah,” Dean says slowly. “The librarian is hypothetical. Me doing the asking, that’s the real part.”
Then Dean pulls his face away from Castiel’s shoulder, and Castiel focuses entirely on something else. Perhaps in the process of falling, perhaps from the cold, Dean’s chapped lower lip has split. The dark spot of blood stands out against his otherwise pale lips, his increasingly cold face.
Castiel looks up at him. “Not to be accusatory over January…”
“Before I put the labels on, once more: name and date of birth?” As he asks, Castiel pulls on a fresh pair of gloves.
“Uh,” Dean says. “What?”
If Cas hadn’t wanted to
“However you wanna do it, babe.”
“I want you,” Dean answers, because he’s beyond questions. This is a statement, absolute, and Castiel understands the sentiment immediately, even if he doesn’t give in to it.
Reflexively, Dean laughs.
“Will you consider it?” Castiel asks, even as the horns blow again, resuming the battle with its few remaining combatants.
Finally relaxed, possibly having been asleep, Dean blinks open his eyes before turning off his music. “Awesome.”
“Oh, oh
They pillow fight the boy awake, receive mortal wounds from thrown stuffed animals, and take the victorious child out for banana chocolate chip pancakes at the local diner. Sticky and comatose from the excess sugar, Jack wobbles after them back into Kelly’s car, looking for all the world like he’s a toddler once more.
Castiel exhales hard through his nose. Inhales dust, blood, and Prince Samuel. Perhaps there’s some royal quality that makes Prince Samuel smell like family, vaguely similar to the way King Michael does. This is easier to focus on. Calmer.
“Right,” Castiel says, fumbling for it.
“You’re especially bad at talking, yes,” Castiel deadpans.
“I think maybe proxy and executor is a good start for one night,” Dean answers slowly. “But, hey, let’s see how the rest of the date goes.”
When it’s time for Castiel’s afternoon break some twenty minutes later, Dean’s still in the canteen, juice box on the table in front of him, along with two empty bags of Cheez-Its. Dean’s eyes snap to Castiel shortly after Castiel looks at him. Dean sits up straight, practically standing at attention while seated. Sure to smile, Castiel waves with an ungloved hand before heading into the office that doubles as a break room.
It’s completely mortifying.
“Down,” Dean begs immediately. “Against my balls.”
King John sighs deeply.
In time with the wild beating of his heart against Castiel’s shoulder blade, Dean pulses into him. Deep into him.
get being labeled a cockslut after being railed just once, never mind enjoying it. As far as a lot of people out there are concerned, my knot fell off the second I took one up the ass.”
“Hm,” Castiel hums, waiting for Dean to press further.
a couple romcoms on. For cultural literacy and all. No other reason.
They look at each other a bit more.
“I know what I want to do with my life,” Dean continues. “I didn’t think I’d… But I do. I seriously, actually do.
Inside the store, Cas folds the umbrella away, and Dean’s heart rate returns to normal. Maybe it picks up a little whenever the florescent lights make Cas’ one wet shoulder gleam. No big deal. Cas carries the bags when they leave, because Cas has no upper weight limit and he says he wants to walk around town a little bit more. Stretch his legs.
Fuck, but rage only makes Jimmy hotter. Even his feigned righteous indignation is enough to grab Dean by the knot right as it punches him in the brain. Why the
Clearing his throat first, he stands up. “See you out there.”
More often than not, Castiel’s downtime between donors during those few hours is spent talking with Dean. It’s not a lot of time, but there’s a perverse amusement in watching Dean manually prevent himself from talking with his hands.
Jimmy grunts on top of him, repeatedly straining down for an attempted kiss, but each time he does, Dean slips farther out. He twists Dean’s nipples in a rebuke that only makes Dean moan, loud and low and deep, from the heart. “The next time I put you inside me, you
Every Friday goes like this, and months pass.
Cas tenses.
. I’m allowed to want, it’s
“Can you?” Dean leans in, leans down. Straightens Castiel’s tie.
“That’s not what you’re allowed to say.” Castiel leans in close, his hand down below never pausing. He kisses Dean’s cheek, pressing his lips above his own fingers. “Try again. Do you know why I’m hurting you, Dean?”
It’s a quick hold, there and gone, entirely appropriate in terms of PDA in a professional setting, and Castiel immediately wants it back. Instead, he has to pull back, squeeze Dean’s shoulder, and simply say, “Hydrate.”
“It was a reflex,” Castiel says, “because I love you.”
Fortunately, Lucifer strikes at their borders before the traveling party can depart, and Castiel is far too busy joining the skirmish to visit his long awaited love. Castiel proves instrumental in rescuing the targets of Lucifer’s ire: a fleeing omega and her child of eight, Lucifer’s own heir.
can’t be here. This is an affront to the natural order.”
“Cas,” Dean gasps, hoarse.
After months away, Castiel's favorite donor returns.
“How do you want to play this?” Dean asks. “Pretty basic script for a double gangbang, but that bit before we get jumped, how do you want to play it?”
“Yes, my king,” Castiel’s mouth says for him.
Dean sits in the canteen, and Castiel ostensibly returns to work. Most of the other donors have the expressions of people refusing to comment, but the full blood donors are out the door quickly enough. Meg clearly can’t wait to start teasing him, and even Hannah looks back over the dividing wall from time to time.
“If I can smell you, so can others,” Castiel replies. “That’s what Gordon meant, you defying the natural order.”
“Dean Winchester, January twenty-fourth,” Dean announces as he takes his seat. “How’ve you been, Cas? Lemme guess: the kid’s into dinosaurs?”
“Uh-huh. You’re still not getting any-”
“I would pay you for your labor.”
Silence.
“Yes,” Castiel agrees in an instant.
Tightening his grip, Cas huffs a warm breath against the side of Dean’s neck. “If I fucked you and didn’t let you come, would that be too mean?”
Dean sucks in a hard breath.
“Better.” Castiel releases Dean’s arms without freeing them: unbreakable heat binds and supports Dean’s wrists behind his back even as Castiel’s wide palm traverses the path down Dean’s spine. As his middle finger presses into the crease of Dean’s jeans, staying atop the denim.
He waits until he gets in his truck to call her. When she picks up, Castiel says, “He was gone for months because he slept with another man.”
Out onto the warehouse floor.
Months pass.
“I have a question,” Hannah puts forward. “The second group. Will they come to us, or we will regroup with them?”
has no one filmed Jimmy like this before? Screw having only two expressions, this guy has loads of them and they’re all fucking incredible. Dean hadn’t known the omega could so much as ad lib, let alone this.
“Flu,” Castiel corrects, and that’s when Dean throws the motel door open.
“Hell if I know, I just have a lesbian who tells me things.”
Cas looks at him slantwise, out of the corner of his eyes. “Is that why you’re still here with me?”
Dean amps up the whimpering and whining, all the while desperately grinding up into Jimmy, chasing after true release. Jimmy’s clenching inner walls massage Dean’s cock in their slick hold, but it’s the tug and shifting of his knot that he needs, it’s the hard, locking squeeze around him that he’s gagging for.
The other alphas both indicate where they’ll be fucking him, and in which order, and Jimmy just nods, like that’s the full extent of everything they have to talk about. The other alphas don’t even seem to disagree with that assessment, either.
Like the dumbass he is, Dean grins. “Shut up.”
Almost lazily, Castiel backhands him.
“Dean,” Castiel says, visibly awed.
Hands push at Castiel’s back. Gently, Queen Mary grips his bad shoulder.
It’s not strictly necessary to Dean’s plans, but… “Could you maybe do the thing where you grab my head, and, y’know?” Dean gestures.
“Sam,” this Castiel says in a low, dark tone, “you should go.”
Dean lights up absolutely gleefully.
They grab each other on the forearm, bare hands skimming down shirtsleeves, slipping over wrists, and finally clasping together, palm against palm.
Shaking his head, Castiel says, “You should kiss me.”
“Fine,” he says, as grumpy as he can manage, the better to provoke Dean’s triumphant grin.
Cas’ eyes crinkle. “What are you asking for, Dean?”
“For the right people,” Dean says, and they both sit. “Either no hugging, or hug all the way.” Rather than looking at Castiel, Dean sets his hand down on a menu between them and looks at that instead. “So… appetizers and small talk, or jump to entrees and real talk. Normally, I’d say drinks, but somebody keeps telling me I shouldn’t have booze for twenty-four hours.”
Would Dean appreciate the help? Sometimes, he doesn’t.
now—but he’s not stupid.
As Dean presses into him, Castiel relaxes against the side of the car. Each inhale is more of Dean’s pleasant scent. Each kiss ends in a small smile. Several times, enough for Castiel to notice, Dean’s kisses grow more insistent before tensing and slowing back down. When Dean pulls away enough for air to pass between their bodies, it’s worth addressing.
“I thought that might be it,” Castiel agrees.
“That was pretty great, too.”
“...Why you took this job?” The question feels insane, but also strangely right. “Really showing off that style contrast?”
“Third, that all combatants will conduct themselves with the dignity and honor befitting the future mate of our fair prince!”
Still pushing down a laugh, Dean offers his hand across the table. They shake. “Deal.”
“Tell me about it. Scheduling Friday afternoons off to come here is the closest I get.” As he speaks, Dean’s tone becomes less sulky, and yet the sparkle of friendly teasing never returns to his eyes. It takes away so much of that green shine.
“You’re fucking ridiculous and I love you too,” Dean says once he steadies out.
“Fuck yeah,” Dean whispers into his ear, wrapping Castiel tight in his arms.
They sit up.
Kelly shakes her head as she helps Castiel fold up the pullout couch. “You can ask someone to
“Oh,” says Castiel, and the sounds of the donation center become at once incredibly distant and immensely loud.
“Eventually,” Jimmy agrees.
“Shirt,” Dean says, pulling at it.
But Dean can’t, and he doesn’t.
He lays them out:
Castiel doesn’t mean to smile the way he does, but when he looks over to Kelly, she’s smiling back.
Cas Doms
Eyes closed, ears alert, Dean hugs Castiel tight around the waist. Careful about sensitivity, he keeps swallowing to a minimum and minds the placement of his tongue. Going soft, Castiel’s cock turns from hot to warm, from attractive to endearing. He’s smaller, softer. Vulnerable. Dean’s mouth becomes a sheath, a hideaway, a place of safety.
Prince Samuel nods. “We separate from here. We don’t regroup until you need to fall back, or we need reinforcements. Don’t nod, don’t confirm. Last chance to talk before we split.”
“Dean, you’re done.”
“Oh no,” Dean deadpans, and forces himself to put his car in gear.
Jimmy slaps a hand down over Dean’s mouth, pressing hard while he grinds Dean’s knot deep inside him. Dean whines and whimpers against that palm, digging his own fingers into Jimmy’s thighs to show just how much he loves it.
Dean blinks and leans back. “Wasn’t aware we were having a competition there, buddy.”
Castiel nods. “I will.”
This isn’t anxiety.
The guy turns to the two alphas who will be taking him down—two to Dean’s one, the better to show off how hard Jimmy is to subdue—and asks, “Who’s mouth, who’s ass?”
That’s enough to get a real smile out of Castiel. “Right. Again, if you need anything, let me know.”
“Don’t care,” Dean says. “You’re not doing it. I
“Yeah?”
Jack hums the tune their entire journey, and, naturally, Balthazar even sings along.
“It’s down to three months, yes,” Castiel says, his mouth still working while the rest of him goes to some thoughtless, thrumming place of discontent. He pulls up a calendar from the menu bar of the laptop and quickly flicks back.
Jimmy glares down as he says it, and something stumbles in Dean’s chest as he realizes Jimmy actually means it. Jimmy’s actually jealous. He’s Dean’s and he’s jealous of Benny, and it’s all Dean can do to keep from rolling them over and showing Jimmy just how much Dean adores his mate’s ass.
“Yes, Castiel,” Dean promises. “I will. I mean, I won’t. I’m-” Fuck, his dick is harder in his jeans than the linoleum is on his knees.
“I’d like to talk tactics with our new addition here,” says Ava, indicating Castiel.
“I’m,” Jimmy starts to say. He pauses. Still doesn’t turn around. Beside him, Hannah fidgets with a product of some kind. “I’ve seen some of your work.”
“You have ten seconds to choose. Ten… Nine…”
Dean knows.
person.
That’s when, head hanging from the sensation, Cas starts to roll Dean’s knot around inside him.
“You are?” Cas asks, squinting in confusion.
“Yeah?”
“You’d like that, huh.”
“I like it,” Castiel says. “What levels of ‘PDA’ are you comfortable with?”
“Cas.”
Just before Dean’s out the door, he hears another noise out of Jimmy and turns back… only to see Jimmy clearly ignoring him. Dean shrugs and leaves.
be boring, right?
Flame and ash spills out.
Dean pulls back.
Castiel rolls his eyes. “Meg likes to start fights. Don’t let her.”
Jimmy shakes his head. “Gabriel likes variety. My agent looks for roles we know I’m already in demand for.”
Excruciatingly aware of his own too-wide eyes and too-hot face, Dean leans back. Stares at Sam in the desperate attempt to avoid looking at Cas.
“Testing the lock,” the ref announces, the countdown having died at some point between Cas’ possessive jaws.
?” Dean asks, as if Castiel hadn’t just said that.
He licks his lips, pure nerves, and it’s just typical, because he can only taste beer and bar food.
Mouth open, eyes closed, Dean moans. Hands clasped behind his back, he only just manages to resist grabbing Castiel by the hips.
Dean keeps laughing right up until he maneuvers Castiel back against the car door. He stops then, wetting his lips, looking at Castiel so softly in the glow of the streetlights. “Gonna kiss you now,” Dean warns in a whisper.
It might be something to consider.
And, past him, sees Sam heading toward them, blonde in tow, both of them with that perky
“Please, Castiel, can I jerk off to my panties?” Dean asks in a heady rush. “Please.”
“Not that I’m judging your taste,” Dean adds quickly.
“Yes, Dean?” he asks, turning around.
After the trash talk, such as it is, the action stops yet again. Each pair gets assigned their respective cameras, and they run through the blocking. That takes a few passes, followed by adjustments to lighting, and then a few more passes after that.
Castiel nods. Hunter, then, not Prince Samuel. The easier member of the pair to explain. “Nervous young alpha,” he replies. “His first time in real combat outside of bar fights. I gave him some advice.”
Cas doesn’t so much stop crying as run out of tears. Dean keeps rubbing his back.
“First, that an alpha shall be considered defeated when they are no longer capable of fighting! Any alpha who surrenders or can no longer stand shall be considered defeated!
Dean hefts Jimmy by the ass, the better to lean forward, to bend Jimmy up enough to make kissing possible. Beneath the faint taste of makeup, there’s only
“It’s not,” Dean interrupts. “I’ll be okay, but you gotta go.
The first push back in, does completely.
Except.
Castiel doesn’t match Hunter’s pace, but he remains close by. “Thank you,” Castiel says.
“Dude, that was a joke, but, uh, yeah, sure. I’ll have what he’s having,” Dean tells the bartender, nodding to Cas.
“It’s because I would be,” Castiel explains.
Laughing, Dean drops into the rhythm of Benny’s exaggerated thrusts with the ease of a longtime lay. “Ride me, cowboy!”
“The one for the officers’ mates is extremely well protected. The heatmates are extensively vetted, and the houses themselves are omega-run. All alphas have to wait in a private visitation room, and the omegas choose whether to see them.”
“Getting to say ‘I told you so’?” Dean suggests. “Blanket tucking rights?”
“You nearly got me stabbed in the face!” Ava accuses Castiel.
Under the flag of that peace treaty, Castiel cracks open Dean’s bedroom door. The sliver of light that escapes over his head and into the room lends enough illumination to easily spot the pajama bottoms tossed on the unoccupied side of the bed.
To make matters worse, word reaches their ears via spies and common rumors alike, that a number of Lucifer’s noble alphas are to enter the melee as well. The jab at Castiel is obvious and poorly aimed, but the attack on public morale is clear. Castiel cannot allow himself to fall to Lucifer’s alphas upon any field, and King Michael agrees: Castiel is assigned both Hannah and Balthazar to aid him in the melee. Each technically fight for themselves, as per the engagement’s rules, but they will be far from the first to prepare an alliance well in advance.
“We’re getting married,” Castiel says, which is both redundant and totally okay.
Across the room and beneath layers of scent-blocking and synthetic musk, Jimmy looks back at him through a pair of mirrors and simply nods. Then he purses his lips and asks, “Should I call you ‘Hunter’?”
King Michael gazes into the middle distance, consulting himself. At last, he nods. “There would indeed be no use in sending you upon the scenting tour.”
A beta stylist he doesn’t know opens the door, frowns, and inhales in confusion. And she’s not the only one.
Dean lifts an arm for a clear thumbs-up, held high. “Fuck yeah.”
“Tell me, Sir Castiel,” Queen Mary says, handing the omega servant Castiel’s helm. “Where are my sons?”
Castiel attempts to caution the boy, but all his too-young squire wishes to speak about is the anticipation of seeing Castiel’s love in person. Jack has even spent his own coin to purchase what should have been a thoughtful gift, a small printed portrait of Prince Dean. It’s a mass-produced trinket, a portrait of omega beauty and therefore Winchester pride, but the quality is nearly as fine as the one sent with the announcement of the melee. This one is smaller, and set into a leather case for travel.
And judging by Castiel’s face when Dean peacocks into his room, Castiel thinks the exact same thing.
There’s a long pause before Dean replies,
Faux-casual, exactly as nonchalant as he doesn’t feel, Dean stretches out one leg and draws up the other. As he plants his bare foot against the bed, his junk entirely falls out of the panties.
won this bet.
“Are you okay with me turning a Friday scene into a week-long scene?” Cas counters.
“The battle may commence!” the king declares, and it immediately does.
“That’s very good, Dean,” Castiel tells him.
Jack starts crying.
“You’re welcome.”
“That’s comforting, isn’t it?” Castiel asks. “You like it. You need it, Dean.”
That startles Dean into looking up at him properly. “What? Yeah. Yeah, I know.”
you can ask about a date.”
“The lube gumming up the switch probably didn’t help either.” Dean clears his throat. “Should be fine now.”
After a dozen more seconds of staring into Dean’s soul, Cas says, entirely without any transition: “You’ll never be as old as I am.”
“You’re being brought up on accusation of cheating,” says the other medic. “Come on.”
The strictly alpha-for-omega dudes don’t seem particularly amused, but fuck ‘em.
While they’re in line for Jack to sit on Santa’s lap, both Castiel and Kelly are running low on stories of generosity. Castiel starts giving examples of his regular donors, the ones whose regularity has become a touchstone in Castiel’s life.
“Okay, taking it from the top,” Dean says, and they start over.
“I mean,” Dean adds, “I’m not against having kids. Y’know, eventually.”
Dean stops his cart and turns around. “What is your
Castiel smiles.
Later.
Dean nods rapidly, multiple times. “Yeah, no, I know.”
“Good,” Castiel says, and then steals Meg’s next donor from the reception area, just to exit the conversation.
Beneath the trench coat, Dean cannot thrash. He can’t break free. He cannot breathe. He can only stare up at Castiel, lungs and dick about to burst.
Dean shifts from lying on his back to on his side, the rhythm of his breaths shortening. Unknowingly facing Castiel, Dean furrows his brow.
Maybe podcasts won’t be so bad. They can’t
Because, yeah, sure, fine: it’s raining. And Cas climbed out of the Impala way too quick, just to pop his umbrella open before Dean could so much as turn the engine off. And then fucking hold the umbrella over Dean’s door like Cas thinks he’s some kind of fancy hotel doorman or some shit.
Looking into the middle distance, Cas shakes his head. “No.”
not going to abandon you.”
“Well,” Dean continues, “you said it’d depend on who’s doing the asking. And I’m doing the asking.”
did you just call me?”
Frowning, Castiel joins them before shooing Meg back to one of her charges. Meg leaves, but only with a significant parting look at Hannah.
“Bowl,” Castiel corrects, and he waits to grin at Dean’s glare until after he’s rolled over. He grins all the wider as Dean drags him back against him in full. They’re using the same pillow again.
Dean shrugs with one shoulder, that of his bandaged arm. “She’s just giving me crap over us being so chummy.”
“Hm,” Dean hums back. He taps another rhythm on Castiel’s legs.
“Then you’re acquainted,” Castiel says.
Castiel matches his pace. “Please. I think we’d work well together.”
,” as Dean beams at him with all the sappiness that acting allows him.
“Cher, what the
Who Dean may have, uh.
“Cool,” Dean says, and he does it properly this time. Tugs Cas back toward him by a hand on his hip. Gets Cas standing up against the bar stool, standing between Dean’s legs. Holds Cas by the hair, a firm grip above his nape. Opens his mouth to Cas, and this time, learns how he tastes.
“Uh,” says Dean.
“Is it even love if it doesn’t hurt?” Castiel asks against his lips.
“Very good, Dean,” Castiel praises. “Who were you taking care of?”
“Good. Open up.”
“You’d be very safe there,” Castiel promises.
“Oh,” Dean says. “Like… the difference that you and his mom, always just friends…?”
“Fuck, babe,” Dean swears, still focusing on that massage factor. He’s playing less and less for the camera, and sweating more and more. Slowly coming undone in one prolonged session. That’s the appeal for these videos: couples watching them while tied themselves, or lone alphas gooning it.
Sees the fucker reaching.
Dean grins up at him. “Fucking
A balloon swells inside Castiel’s chest, fast and wide and warm. “I’d…” He swallows. “I would watch that,” he understates.
“Thank you,” Castiel says primly before going through the routine pre-donation steps. “Dean Winchester, January twenty-fourth?”
And hauls Prince Samuel to his feet. Supports Prince Samuel with his shoulder even as a medic fits a sling around Castiel’s left arm, over his armor.
“Back in a minute.” Dean pecks him on the mouth. “And no touching yourself.”
Castiel hums a sound of acknowledgment before holding out the thermometer. Dean takes it between his lips and they wait a moment for the beep. “Ninety-nine point zero. Still normal range. No aches or chills?”
Belatedly, it occurs to Castiel that this was a very bad lie.
“I work at the Red Cross,” Castiel explains.
“You all right, brother?” Benny calls over.
They fumble the ring box to the floor twice before they manage to get the ring on Castiel, both of them laughing like the idiots they are. It fits perfectly, a wide silver band with a trio of modest stones.
Playing with the straw of his Shirley Temple, Dean cracks a grin. “I’ll consider myself warned. Okay, fun or not fun: day at the beach?”
“I like you very much,” Castiel states, for the record.
After, when there is an after,
Castiel is on him, yet not. Not Castiel’s hips, but his torso steadfast between Dean’s legs. His hands squeezing, caressing, not back or shoulders, but Dean’s hips and calves and thighs.
, in a half-feral, half-incredulous shadow of his brain that still isn’t sure Cas is
The lone alpha in question walks a wide circle around them, attempting to reach Prince Samuel’s targets. Hunter and Castiel cut her off easily, move together easily. It’s as if their shared scent has given them shared knowledge, a shortcut into absolute coordination, but that’s simply Hunter, adapting to Castiel’s style as naturally as breathing.
what that piece of shit-”
“I told him not to make you,” Cas says, and the annoyance there, the absolute fury...
Cas notices Dean looking, and frowns at Dean in response. “Are you sure you don’t-”
Back in their bedroom, Castiel tugs on Dean’s belt loops, drawing Dean along as Castiel walks backward to sit on their bed.
Suffice it to say, there are certain degrees of obliviousness that Castiel resigns himself to never living down.
“What? Oh, yeah. Yeah, I do.”
Castiel plants his foot against Dean’s bulging fly.
He rifles through his closet until he finds a suitable light jacket. The inside pockets are big enough for both lube and Dean’s prize. That decided, Dean puts his cushion on the kitchen island, a clear signal for Cas to pick whatever location he wants Dean to kneel.
“Okay, I’m sorry,” Dean says. “That was.. that was dumb.”
Cas doesn’t just shoot him a look, Cas shoots him with that look. “Dean, there is literally no prize for winning. We’re all getting paid our negotiated amounts, regardless of outcome.”
Alistair strikes back, lashing out at Castiel as he falls to one knee, and though the blow lands, that is nothing compared to Hunter’s blade, originally aimed toward Alistair’s midsection.
“You know,” Dean rasps.
the back of his thigh, hitching Dean’s leg higher around his waist. There’s nothing behind Dean keeping him up now, nothing but the heat binding his arms, and yet this is still enough.
“Can I please jerk off, Castiel?” Dean asks, face flushed, nerves singing.
Things happen on the screen.
A long minute of heavy breathing later, Castiel nods. “Tell me, Dean.”
Dean’s hand pauses on Castiel’s shoulder, stopping those tiny, tracing circles that various parts of Castiel’s body have become accustomed to. “Are you about to fart on me?”
Grumbling, Cas stalks off toward the kitchen. Dean follows, flips a dish towel over his shoulder, angles the kid up, and tries the first obvious step.
“Godfather,” Castiel corrects, “although Jack doesn’t particularly seem to see the difference.”
Castiel gestures slightly more with his arms. “Do we-”
The minor show of coordination fails to intimidate the opposing line, but several let their weapons dip in exhaustion.
Dean frowns a little. “I thought your name was…”
With a groan and a shiver, he gets up. He checks the panties, confirms that they’re still clean, and prevents himself from texting Castiel confirmation that Dean’s been good. No distracting Castiel.
“Okay, bye!” says Tammy.
“...I think we got off on the wrong foot here,” Dean says.
Knowing better than to argue with that one, Dean simply says, “I would’ve been okay with harder. You’ve hit my ass harder than that with your hips, fucking me.”
As if to refute the surge of pheromones, or deny the jerking roll of his hips, Dean mutters, “You sap.”
Trapped naked and motionless beneath the trench coat, Dean’s only possible response is a high whimper, shooting higher still when Castiel begins to twist.
“You got a lot of shit going on,” Dean says. “Tired. Not thinking right.”
’s donations.”
Dean rolls his eyes and reaches around Castiel, pulling the other pillow beneath Castiel’s cheek. “Fine. Five more minutes. But roll over. I’m big spoon.”
“Gonna feel so good when you fuck me, s’all I can think about, just you slamming that cock up in me. No knot gonna stop you in place, Master’s gonna hammer me all the way through,
Working himself hard, Castiel slaps the laptop shut, rises up onto his knees, and claps one hand onto Dean’s bare shoulder. The other hand pumps faster and faster until, with a low groan and slitted eyes, Castiel comes all over Dean’s stomach and thighs, over Dean’s cock and panties.
Pausing in his pursuit of Dean’s veins, Castiel looks down at himself. Today before Castiel had driven his godson off to summer camp, Jack had decided they would match. “There’s nothing wrong with bumblebees.”
Somewhere through all this preening, his stomach reminds him that dinner never happened. An eye on the clock, he eats lightly enough that sex shouldn’t make him feel bloated. After, he rattles around the apartment, absolutely ignoring all of his other responsibilities in favor of pairing shirts to the panties.
Dean’s eyebrows rise, his eyes lighting up at the mention of kissing. “Great. Good. Me too.” Despite the positive answer, there’s still something of a strain in his voice.
“What’s that?” Meg asks, just a little too nosy for someone not on her lunch break.
As for the arena itself, dry and dusty is the order of the day. Anyone who is knocked down will surely have a fit of coughing before they rise. Throats will dry faster. The more unscrupulous among them will use that to their advantage, one way or another. To protect his own reputation, Castiel must refrain from overtly kicking the dust up into combatants’ eyes, but beyond that, there are possibilities.
“Mm.”
He looks at the three people in the reception area. He looks over his shoulder at the donation center with all beds but two filled. He looks at the canteen area with two more people in it, and at the closed bathroom door.
I hate missing information.”
“Yes, Dean,” Castiel says, and Dean kisses him. When they separate, Castiel is close to Dean’s dress code. Castiel gathers up the discarded items, wobbling as he bends down, so Dean takes the path of least resistance and grabs him by the ass.
They do the dialogue a couple times, the better to get multiple angles, and all the while, Jimmy holds the back of Dean’s shirt. Jimmy breathes on the back of Dean’s neck, and the omega starts standing closer and closer. There’s not much for Dean to smell, what with both of them wearing the same scent, but maybe Jimmy’s not having that issue. Dean probably missed a spot on his back.
. You scratch Baby, I end you.”
With Balthazar’s referee soon to move closer, Castiel scans the arena: the larger groups, the pairs paused mid-duel. The distances between them all. Alistair closer but still with foes between them. But most pressing of all, the referee, and Gordon ready to expose Hunter as an illicit competitor and a bastard.
“Yes,” Castiel says, because that ought to be obvious. “When family members donate for a loved one and that loved one dies anyway, the donors often blame themselves for not doing more.”
Dean calls him.
“You think Bobby’s my dad?” Hunter asks, finally looking back at him.
“Tell me the name of this omega,” King Michael commands.
Regardless of Castiel’s social observational skills, his eyes are working perfectly fine. “I am. And I’ll leave you alone now, as the four o’clock donor just came in.”
Seated beside Dean on a cushion like the prissy little ass he is, Cas deadpans, “Hunter is hilarious.”
“Cas, I’m gonna fucking hit you with something.”
Sweat dripping down his nose, leaking his true scent out, Hunter stares back at Castiel. “Don’t know what you mean.”
Cas smiles back at him. A real smile. A big one. And all for him. “Dean.”
“They don’t put additional terrain into the arena here, do they?” Castiel asks.
Dean obeys.
“Finish it,” Castiel urges when Dean stops.
Maybe… if Dean follows along…
He tromps over, scoops the kid up, and puts on the happy fucking face he’s been pulling around Cas for months now until the kid is all giggles and rainbows again. Whether he recognizes Dean from any of his previous visits is up in the air, but he doesn’t freak out from stranger danger, so it could be a lot worse.
“I’ll just tackle the guy. He doesn’t bleed, we’re good.”
“You… what?” Eyes blinking, shining. Mouth soft in confusion, lower lip still gleaming from the cut of having his visor punched against his face.
“What?”
Hunter allows himself to be pulled back only a few steps before shaking Castiel off. “You have
“Of course.”
“Getting laid,” Dean says with a sigh.
“C’mere, c’mere,” Dean urges. They grab at each other. Pull together, push Castiel’s boxer briefs down. Castiel’s dick against his, only panties and a condom between, and fuck,
Summer gives way to fall, and Kelly needs less help with Jack now that he’s back in school and once more synced up with her job. It means fewer “sleepovers” with Jack, but Jack has taken up borrowing Kelly’s phone in the morning to show Castiel his daily outfits, and he always expects a response with Castiel’s best matching scrubs.
Once more, they walk through all the regular questions, from illness to travel to sexual contact. This time, upon being asked if he’d had sex with another man in the last three months, Dean answers, “Unfortunately, no” before winking.
The released tie, the sudden drop.
“I like it when you hold me,” Castiel says, and for this, he pulls back just enough to see Dean flush. “It’s the closest-”
Not at Castiel fucking him, not yet, no.
have.”
Castiel nods. “You haven’t been an ass for a few years. I am starting to get nervous about this conversation, however.”
“This is nearly everyone,” Prince Samuel says, gesturing for everyone to round up in a tight circle. From there, Prince Samuel goes around the circle, naming each in rapid succession. He introduces Castiel to his group. Andy and his twin Ansem carry blunted sword and dagger, followed by Ava with the daggers alone, Jake with long sword, Lily with a mace, Max with sword and shield, Scott with a spear, and Gordon with another long sword. That’s enough names to remember for now, and Castiel promptly forgets the names of those remaining in Prince Samuel’s group.
And another.
“The timer only starts after the official lock. If you lock beforehand, that’s time wasted.”
” Jimmy muses, “I’ll bite you instead. If you’re worth it, slut.”
A tortured pause, and then a sigh. “...You’re right. I’d be distracted anyway. Pick me up at eight thirty. I’ll text you my parents’ address. Under no circumstances get out of the car. If they know it’s you, they’ll want you to come in.”
“I want to recruit you.”
“But I wanna
The longer they stand, the more the scent of blood clearly riles those less accustomed to live combat. If anything, the familiarity calms Castiel: this is where he knows what to do.
“Yeah, well.” Dean kisses his temple. “Time to get active about tormenting my dick all week.”
“This was a good idea,” Castiel says softly. He rests one hand on Dean’s cheek. Presses his thumb against Dean’s lips.
“Ask,” Castiel demands.
Dean whimpers beneath him. This time, he digs his fingernails into Jimmy’s thigh, immediately dropping the reassuring stroke. In response, without a single change of expression, Jimmy clenches down on Dean’s knot in an incredibly hard squeeze: he’s not going anywhere.
his, his for keeps...
“My grandfather,” Dean says again. “My dad’s dad. He’s got cancer, and the chemo beats the crap out of him. They said he needs platelets, so.” Dean shrugs awkwardly, clearly avoiding moving his arms. “Here I am.”
“Okay,” Castiel says, and hugs him.
“What about…” Dean’s brain fumbles even as his hands clench tighter around his beer. “I mean, what if you find someone? You gonna be taking me off duty, or is this gonna be some kind of co-executor situation? You
. Cas said an hour-”
Dean gives Castiel his arm. “I’m… not? The librarian is hypothetical.”
“Are we good, then?” Dean asks. “Not to drop this on you and run, but I gotta get some work out of the way before class.”
With that, Alistair inhales deeply with a low, rumbling hum. “So sweet. He’s already dripping for me. But then, I imagine you don’t know
“Dean Winchester,” Castiel begins, speaking with a world’s worth of gravitas, “you are the most important person in my life. You have been for years. I cannot see a future without you in it.”
Upon Castiel’s own name and titles being cried out, however, Balthazar nudges him, nodding toward the stands to where Jack whoops, clapping with hands raised over his head. Castiel nods back to the boy, and Jack jumps up and down briefly before being tugged back down by his guards.
“Can you describe them?” Castiel asks in return.
“It’s a basic medical uniform?”
“Cas, seriously, talk to me here.”
Castiel rubs his thumb over Dean’s bicep, circling, perhaps soothing.
“Hey. No. Cas, buddy. I’ve done the horndog thing before. Like, a lot. It gets old, fast.”
Holding Dean palm to palm, Castiel folds his thumbs over the back of Dean’s hands and lets his grace extend. Frozen fingers quickly warm, and Dean hisses as spots of frostbite vanish from existence.
“Yeah, I know,” Dean says, standing at the entrance, jacket wet from the cold drizzling rain, breathing hard from the apparent race from his car. The moment Castiel turns around, Dean’s eyes snap to Castiel’s face.
“You want more?”
Groaning, Castiel fucks into Dean’s mouth slower and slower. He presses all the way in, dragging Dean up to the hilt, and it’s the first time Dean starts to cry and mean it.
Castiel nods.
“How are we having fun?” Cas asks him, doing his classic head tilt and squint combo. “Is there another bar quiz?”
“Yes.”
Head cocked to the side, Castiel looks down at her.
“What?”
“One minute until lock,” the ref calls out, prompting feedback from their competitors. Dean’s not listening, though, not until Cas pulls him off by the hair.
Eyes on Dean’s wrist, Cas nods slowly. Something in his posture continues to hover, however, a thought that can’t sit down.
With that tiny bit of preamble in place, Benny and the other alphas pop up with what will probably become comedic timing, given Gabriel’s editing history. Dean again hits his mark, shepherding Jimmy behind him, and he exchanges less than brilliant repartee with the thugs about to have themselves a little party.
Putting his jeans back on is borderline sacrilegious. A band t-shirt and his leather jacket make it at once worse and better, if Dean thinks of them as subterfuge.
knows you’re really my dad.”
They light up even more at the sight of Dean’s tented pants.
Hunter grunts a note of consideration.
They walk streets they already know. Bags jostle against Dean’s hip and leg. Cas’ arm still presses against his. Cas ends up looking at Dean more than their surroundings, which isn’t, like, atypical. Nothing’s changed in town since the last time they’ve been here, nothing besides the weather binding them close today. Gradually, Dean’s boots turn from damp to wet, his skin from cool to chilled. The rain comes down in waves of drizzle and torrent, and after the second torrent, Dean’s ready to tap out.
starts to breathe.
“What if I… Can I jerk off? Before you call.” This wasn’t part of the scene, but fuck, Dean needs to add it in,
“We still have you on file,” Castiel answers, scanning the entry. “Your address and phone number are out of date, however.”
It’s weird, but whatever. Dean shrugs it off.
Castiel, face flushed, pants unzipped and softening cock hanging out, Cas thumbs some escaping jizz back into Dean’s mouth. Tastes gross, even with the lingering mint, but even with post orgasmic lethargy lingering at their corners, Castiel’s eyes light up so brightly when Dean allows it.
“Okay, fine. No, no, nope.”
“Uh, yeah,” Dean agrees, voice rough. “No reason.”
The countdown begins, only to immediately fade into sparks of white pain as Cas’ teeth chomp down on Dean’s shoulder. Dean bellows hard and loud, and when he can see again, Cas’ legs have dropped down to frame Dean’s waist.
Doesn’t answer.
Dean bites his lip in the vain attempt to not burst out laughing. “Uh-huh,” he says. So that’s what Sammy’s looking for. “Sure. Someone single and actually attractive, sure.”
Time slows down.
He thinks about Dean reaching for him as a source of comfort. He wonders what Dean would look like, being pleasured. If he would respond to sex with humor, or if he would be a quieter, more reverent type. He thinks about the deadpan handjobs he’s given, and hopes that Dean would laugh through one, at the inherent ridiculousness of it. If Dean wouldn’t be offended by Castiel’s amusement, the same way Castiel isn’t by Dean’s. Castiel has never been able to take sex seriously.
Castiel looks at him. “I need verbal confirmation or negation, Dean.”
In a slow drag, Dean slides his fingers between Cas’s thighs.
“To avoid you,” Hannah says, and when Castiel looks back at her, the curve of her mouth beneath her helm hints toward both truth and joke.
“Now,” Cas rasps, and Dean’s on him.
Gordon staggers back, directly into Hannah’s waiting steel.
The penny drops. “Is
“Wasn’t sure which room you’d pick,” Dean adds against the silence.
Smile wide, chest puffed out, Jack hops down after giving Santa a hug. “Thank you, Santa! Bye!”
Dean does his readings with headphones on and music up, Cas’ head in his lap while Cas watches TV. Each time Dean finishes one assignment or actually stops to take notes, Castiel turns his head and mouths Dean through his sweatpants. The resulting wet spot almost does more for Dean than the vague pressure and filtered heat.
for hours of blood draining, just to talk with you, how’s that for pathetic.”
Boredom doesn’t come easily to angels. Certainly not after a single night, let alone a few hours.
“Yeah, well, I know you like feeding me,” Dean says with an embarrassed huff, as if he planned this.
“Donate? Of course, informed consent is mandatory.”
Pain erupts across his scalp as Castiel pulls him back. As Castiel makes Dean look up at him, shaking and horny on his knees. With his arms restrained behind him, there’s no hope of hiding his own erection, or the damp spot that’s made it all the way through both his boxers and his jeans in record time.
“Now you can smoosh.”
Again, they collapse down next to each other. Cas tugs his boxer briefs back up in an awkward, flopping shuffle only slightly less involved than kicking them off entirely. They adjust around, eventually settling with Dean on his back, Castiel against his side, head on Dean’s chest.
This is about feeling
Castiel had feared things might become awkward at the donation center, both dating Dean and processing him, but that was not remotely the issue.
“To use on you?”
“Hi,” Dean says. “I was- I’m early.”
“Mmph!” Dean agrees, and promptly goes to town. He does it the showy way, the porno way: mouth open too wide to suck properly, exaggerated use of tongue.
“Or maybe I misread the name upside-down,” Castiel continues.
“Blue cheese burger, medium rare, with a side of onion rings,” Dean answers smoothly, as if Castiel is the only one startled out of a private world. “And doc here says I’m off the booze for the night, but maybe you can make drinks interesting anyway?”
In less than a minute, Dean takes a particularly long inhale.
Dean puts his plate back on the coffee table. If he tries to pick up his burger, he’s just going to squeeze through it from sheer what the fuck.
“All right, fine,” Jimmy pants, pulling his sweat-soaked body off of Dean’s. He pulls, then pushes on Dean’s shoulder, turning him around, pressing him up against the faux-brick wall. He looms over Dean as, by unspoken agreement, Dean fails to get his own legs back under himself.
Maybe Dean will grow past this. Maybe Castiel really is the one in error.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I give you the basics and you elaborate,” Dean reminds him. “It’s one of those awesome things you got going.”
“You keep your mouth shut, or we shut you up,” Prince Samuel replies, bringing his spear down to point at Gordon’s neck.
“Your good boy wants to kneel in front of you,” Dean replies.
“Sir Castiel Novak-Shurley, Duke of Rapture, Commander of the Northern Army!” King John announces into the cheering arena. “And soon: my son-in-law!
Thrumming with more energy than his dick can contain, excitement bubbling through his arms and hands and fizzling through his head, Dean slices through the package’s deal. He pulls out the three individually wrapped panties and delicately cuts the plastic baggy around each.
The jammed gears in Dean’s brain rattle and shudder into motion, and he catches Cas by the shoulder before Cas can leave him.
But there is little a mail coif can do to stop a blunt strike to a windpipe.
He is given scant time to rest from the two months of training, and then he is sent out to Winchester. By Michael’s command, Castiel is accompanied by a far larger, showier escort than is truly necessary, but he cannot bring himself to object: much of the guard is to protect Jack. Eager to travel to a new land, Jack wholeheartedly embraces his role of squire despite it being awarded four years early. He is a child of ten, unpresented and small, but he knows his duties well. Still, he is young enough to fall into his role too easily, quick to show to the world his adoration of the alpha who saved him from his father, and heedless of how this might bind him to King Michael.
“I gathered that,” they answer.
,” Castiel orders.
Cas comes between them just as quietly, very much unlike how Adam does it.
“All right,” Cas says, and he returns to lean against the opposite side of the kitchen island. “What’s the challenge?”
“Yeah, that was a joke, Cas.”
Smiling wide, Castiel of course immediately goes and ruins it. “Would you be the executor of my will? You’re a beneficiary, of course, but I can’t see that becoming a conflict of interests.”
With the hand not holding the phone, Sam taps his jacket. “Okay, got my holy water on me, not sure how well that’ll do putting out a fire. Dean?”
times say-”
As always, to see what else I'm working on, you can follow me on
He changes quickly, grits his teeth at the unexpected itch of the unwashed mesh, and slings the black button down on. The hem hangs down low, concealing the mesh.
Expression impassive behind his visor, Hunter simply stares at him.
Castiel trains all the same. Harder. Fiercer. Each day that passes with young Jack tending to his armor is another day Castiel learns yet more atrocities the boy has witnessed from his father. When Castiel is sent back once more upon the field, he will justify his current absence a hundredfold.
Once it’s unlikely Dean’s looking, Castiel opens his eyes to look instead. From this position, he can still see the motel room window. The lights are off inside, but there’s a gap in the blinds that wasn’t there previously. Castiel gives Sam a pointed look. The gap in the blinds doesn’t waver.
“Or bunching donations to weekly. You can donate six times in two months. You could get all your permitted donations done in eight months.” Castiel may have already done this math in advance. He leaves out the part of how maintaining this extreme would allow Dean one month to have anal sex with him a year. He’s still not sure if that would be too much for him or too little for Dean. “Hannah would hate me for saying it, but you’re not obligated to donate. At all. You’ve already done more in a year than most do in a lifetime.”
Chewing his lip, Cas thinks about it, eyes narrowed, before nodding at last. “That’s reasonable.”
In a rapid transition Castiel has become accustomed to, Dean loosens around him. The limbs holding Castiel turn soft long before the cock inside him does.
King John again gestures for silence, and gets it. “On this day, we have a champion chosen both through battle and my son’s own preference.”
“Keep the tie, the undershirt, and whatever underwear situation you got going.”
Dean leans back in his chair, knowing he’s more intimidating while relaxed than posturing. He simply raises an eyebrow. “You literally do one thing.”
“I said I’m sorry!” Dean repeats.
The first drag out nearly destroys Dean.
“It’s just mac and cheese.”
As Castiel pulls out for the last time, the muscles of Dean’s throat shift and strain back into their proper conditions. His lip tingles, an unnoticed split repairing. The ache in his jaw lessens, enough for Dean to catch at the head of that massive dick, to beg at the sweet spot beneath it before Castiel takes it away entirely.
“Ah, fuck,” Dean sighs, just at pulling them up his thighs. So soft. So smooth. He closes his eyes, tucking himself into the cloth, cool and sleek and cradling. He runs his hands down over the layers covering his hips, flounces them up and flounces them down.
“You know I have work in the morning.” Castiel’s tone undercuts the implied refusal.
“Well, yeah, I’m feeding you, everyone likes people who feed them,” Dean replies hastily, flushed the way Castiel remembers him often being, in the early days. Dean clears his throat for further measure before flipping over the menu on the bar. “Think we should have gotten appetizers?”
“Oh.” Despite what Castiel himself would insist, being a mature man of forty, Castiel absolutely pouts. “I’d assumed…”
Hand deep in Castiel’s helm, Hunter looks at him sharply. “Uh…”
“What do I win?” Castiel asks rhetorically, pulling the blanket up over Dean’s lap and laying the top edge over his chest.
Drinks.
Cas visibly gropes around for the pieces of this mental jigsaw puzzle and slaps two together. “If you’re deliberately earning ways of being a good boy, I’m not sure it counts as much.” He thinks about that a little harder. “I’m not sure.”
Castiel strides to the unoccupied side of the bed. Listening close, he smiles at the deep, regular breaths that bring Dean’s chest to rise and fall. He could stand there for hours, hearing that. The steadiness. The certainty of life. The respite in the way Dean rests, his face lined by age alone.
Castiel removes his fingers from Dean’s hole. He breathes on it once more, making it twitch around nothing. He pats Dean’s ass with his left hand, a firm swat that’s still a far cry from a true spanking. “Beg, Dean.”
The dream’s almost over, he reminds himself desperately. The heat, the scent, the slow drag of lips against his, the too-rough scrape of Castiel’s stubble against his neck, the hot tongue exploring his pulse; it’s almost over.
“You love having my slick lubing up your ass that much, slut?”
“You let me whenever you want me taking the reins,” Dean points out. “Maybe think of it like… that time you had me come up with the best weekend vacation.”
. Yeah, bye.”
“You can only donate platelets twenty-four times a year,” Castiel reminds him, or perhaps informs him. “Alternating weeks isn’t enough to fully space it out.”
Queen Mary stands before Castiel can attempt to bow, before the servant can announce him.
After the ice, the lube doesn’t come close to feeling chilly, even without Castiel warming it. Castiel pushes more and more inside him, punctuating some with an ice cube, wriggling in more with a warm finger. Dean pushes back with trembling thighs and controlled breathing. He circles his ass, working Castiel’s finger, then fingers, increasingly toward his sweet spot.
“Man after my own heart,” Dean says, placing his hand on Castiel’s back. “You getting a beer or is it Shirley Temples all around?”
Dean, being far less mannered than the southern belle of an alpha, fails to respond, his eyes instead stuck on the omega who just walked onto set.
Hunter stares at him.
Still frowning, the man says, “I’m usually the top buyer of feline supplies each month. I’m told you were instead.”
“I’ll finish,” Castiel says. “You set the table.”
Six months of furtive attacks and double-crossing spies follow, capped by eight months of wariness on two borders. Castiel’s main contact crosses too far, and he learns only a month after the fact that Crowley has been slain.
Prince Samuel nods, but still divides his attention between the arena and Castiel. That much is clear in the angle of his closed helmet. “You look nervous.”
“I’ve got you,” Castiel says.
“I’m willing to wait,” Castiel threatens, but maybe,
“Not really,” Dean says, seeming to mean it. “It’s just… family. Y’know?”
“You’re my emergency contact, so… maybe?” At Castiel’s surprised look, Dean adds, “Right, probably should have asked you first: you’re my emergency contact. Sam’s too far and, uh. Kinda easier keeping it as you than updating it every time I break up with someone.”
What the fuck is Dean’s life.
“Good. This is to disinfect the area.” He swabs the first arm before taking the sharp in hand. “You’ll feel a small pinch. Squeeze again. Good.” In goes the needle, and Castiel covers the site with a piece of gauze before changing sides. This time, he takes the stress ball from Dean’s hand and passes it over. Dean fumbles a little, so Castiel presses the ball firmly against Dean’s hand until Dean takes it. “Squeeze again. Good. In once more… There.”
Despite being released to go to the canteen, Dean sits there and fidgets for a bit longer.
“True,” Dean says, “but-”
Face still hidden, Cas silently shakes his head.
With Hannah and Balthazar beside him, with command resting upon another, Castiel permits his body to move in advance of his mind. Blows are seen and parried. Blocked. Countered. Balthazar’s motions are a language Castiel’s limbs know how to speak; they converse and converge upon their foes. Hooking shields, striking bodies. They shove and kick.
High tempers and low trust, Castiel might have replied, if given time, but Hunter’s eyes abruptly lock over Castiel’s shoulder.
With his eyes squeezed shut, Dean might even believe that. Then he hears Castiel’s shoes hitting the ground. Feels Castiel lying down beside him.
Sometimes, Dean could stay knotted in him for
“They’re in here?” Castiel asks, regarding the backpack with blatant interest.
“I’m loving the list, babe, but I’m still not telling.” Dean rinses out the pan, rinses the suds off the bottom and his own hands. The pan goes in the drying rack, but he doesn’t go for the dishtowel, instead planting both hands on the lip of the sink.
Dean holds off from rolling his eyes until Castiel can see him do it, but a sad lack of spanking results from it. Castiel orders Dean into the office, but allows Dean to get his cushion from the bedroom. By the time Castiel sets a towel down on his desk chair, Dean’s already in position, kneeling in front of Castiel’s desk with an absolute hard-on.
Very slightly, Cas’ eyes widen, then narrow.
“I got this,” Dean says.
“Have I?”
Clearly wanting to say no, the stylist keeps an expression of failed neutrality while looking back to the omega already plunked in a chair and sat before the mirrors. “It’s your call.”
Bending Dean backwards over his own restrained arms, Castiel doesn’t acknowledge Sam in the slightest. “What is your mouth for, Dean?”
Fuck, okay. Adam’s young enough that he might have another orgasm left in him to tighten things up. Cas, not so much.
“I have to put my cock
“Up,” Castiel orders.
Another serious nod. “And the reward?”
Throat working, Dean can’t do much more than pat Cas on the back while pulling back to grab some tissues off the bedside table. He sticks those in front of Cas’ face. Cas takes them. Pulls back, faces away, and uses them.
“Yeah?” Each pair of panties has demanded its own form of movement, and these do most of all.
It’s not time to wear them yet.
Dean sucks on instinct, and Castiel yanks him off again.
“I want to talk to you.”
The moment Dean turns to look, his feet stick to the floor. Not a metaphor of nerves, no, they are literally stuck, trapped in place.
“Such a good boy,” Castiel murmurs against the back of his neck.
“You’re offering me a job.”
love it. That’s what acting’s for, buddy.”
At the front of the box, there stands a timekeeper candle in a tall, glass case. By the gleam, timer nails have already been struck into the side of the wax, ready to drop and ring out upon metal. How long the rounds? At this distance, it’s difficult to say. The servant with the horn will certainly let them know when the time comes.
“Come here,” Queen Mary orders.
Dean chuckles. “Sometimes, yeah. I meant more like, not coworkers. Like, I dunno. If you like a librarian or something but only ever see them at the library. Feels inappropriate but it’s the only time you ever meet.”
the condom off. The panties come off after, and they need a good handwash in the sink.
empty chairs.
“Are we at guilty, paranoid, clingy, or ‘Shut up, Dean’?”
“Yeah,” Dean gasps, fighting to press up against Castiel’s palm. “Please, Cas.”
“Oh,” Jimmy says, eyes widening, so bright, so blue. “No, I’m-” He swallows. Visibly centers himself. “Castiel Novak. ‘Cas,’ to my family.”
“Sorry, what? She’s divorced but you’re not?”
He texts Cas.
“Now I can smoosh?”
Eyes wet, Dean shakes his head, but his dick’s leaking so much, it might as well be crying too.
“Well?” Castiel demands, pressing down against Dean’s tongue.
Gabriel rolls his eyes. “Seriously, Dean-o? I cleared ‘em out ages ago. The original shoot’s been delayed, we’ve got an omega and a bottom alpha to recast. This is a whole new thing now.”
Castiel smiles and makes himself comfortable on the steadily shrinking mound.The falling snow melts instantly upon his front.
Sits forward.
Clearly hearing without listening, Castiel nods along, looking his fill as Dean shifts his weight.
Spaced the shortest of charges apart, both lines ready themselves. The ends adjust positioning, neither wanting to be the shorter line, neither wanting to leave gaps between their alphas. Each line reaches a compromise of distance.
“Hunter, get behind us,” Prince Samuel says.
Dean shuffles forward on his knees and wraps his arms around Castiel’s waist. He closes his eyes and focuses on breathing, on taste, on the heady mix of sex musk and lingering shower products. Castiel begins to pet his hair, and then Dean hears the sound of Castiel’s laptop being opened up.
Dean’s eyebrows shoot up. “Oh man. You’ve got a fetish. Lay it on me.”
“No, seriously,” Dean continues. “Cas, don’t tell me you can’t cure the flu.”
Castiel does it again, working the corner of a cube against his rim. He takes it away, uses the pad of his finger again, but each time Dean fractionally warms back up, he gets more of the ice. His folded arms get wet, maybe with drool, maybe with tears, but Dean keeps his ass nice and high, waiting for whatever Castiel wants to give him.
Castiel sighs, one of his full-bodied groans. “I was right not to tell you. I thought it was obvious.”
A buzzing.
Dean reminds Cas about that, about how there’s a beta in the ring with them perfectly willing to grab Dean from behind and take a look at his knot, and, god, the growls in this omega. If Cas hadn’t been back on the bottom, Dean has no doubt his mate would have shoved him down hard onto the mat. Muscles twitching, limbs threatening to tremble, Dean wouldn’t have been able to put up a fight about it, either.
Slightly muffled, Dean hears Cas say, “I need to take this outside for a minute.” Other people respond.
“Uh, bed’s that way, big guy,” Dean says.
Dean can’t exactly say
“I’m not calling you a crazy cat guy.”
“No. They couldn’t take the sexual debt and wanted to ‘do something for me’ more often than I wanted them to.”
, I love your cock,” Dean rambles, stroking Jimmy’s thigh with one hand, pulling at that cock with the other. “Yeah, I’ll take it in a dirty back alley, don’t give a shit as long as it’s you…”
Because Dean has excellent control of his facial muscles and can do a full range of human emotions, Dean nods back in approval, still with that customer service smile. “Yep.”
“That’s very thoughtful,” Castiel rumbles, as quiet as a distant earthquake. Finally, he cups Dean’s ass cheek with one damp, slightly chilled hand. He rubs his thumb over Dean’s hole. “Did you clean yourself out too?”
Shovel in hand, Dean comes around.
Looks at the situation in a new light.
“You were cold last time,” Castiel tells him flatly. “I’ll put this on your legs for now, and we can pull it up when you need it.”
“I love your cock,” Dean gushes in an instant. “It’s the best cock, it’s your cock, I want you to fuck me with it so bad, I want you ripping my ass open with it, I want it so far up my ass I can
Heedless of the dust and sweat adorning it, Queen Mary takes the helm from him. She turns it over, lowers her head, and breathes in.
“Hold on, what now?”
On most sides, the stands aren’t terribly tall, but on the highest side, that built into a hill, is the royal box. Framed by banners, King John sits tall and stern beside the obligatory scented omega curtain that doubtlessly conceals his mate, older son, and daughter-in-law. Beside the king is an empty chair: Prince Samuel’s. From his seat on high, the king regards all of them with a stony expression.
“Mm, nope.”
Dean sighs and marginally relaxes, arms still wrapped around Castiel’s neck. He tries to ease back, but newer slush instantly proves a false foothold. Castiel catches him again, this time with Dean’s face against his shoulder.
“Screw you,” Dean shoots back through a poorly restrained smile.
Castiel has a little think about this, and naturally he does it staring directly into Dean’s soul. “I’m saying I want to spend the rest of my life with you. I thought we just agreed on this.”
His face set into the gap between two pillows, Castiel moves his legs in answer to Dean’s continuing undulations. Wider, at first, until Dean’s erection falls between them. Then back together, the better to hear Dean groan.
Achingly.
“Knock him out!” Hunter shouts. “Sam!”
With a firm and booming voice, the king announces, “On this day, we have at last found an alpha worthy of my son, your prince.”
He hurts.
This is a problem.
“Ignore him,” Castiel tells the group, and Balthazar releases him with a roll of the eyes and a gesture of faux-apology. “You. Jake, was it? Are you the captain?”
To make matters worse, Samuel Winchester has a child. An heir apparent.
This is anticipation.
One hour three minutes.
“Cut,” calls the director, and on go their bathrobes. Transitioning to today’s set, Dean’s ready and raring to go, but despite the intensive stretching, Cas still just shuffles along.
Dean snorts. “I don’t
“Only nice?”
personal reason and save all of us the months of wondering. We do actually care about people here.”
Rolling his eyes, Castiel treats Dean to another round of the nipple treatment until Dean bellows and screams. Castiel stops too soon.
“We get on fine, now switch with me,” Meg urges. She leaves Dean half hooked in, only one arm bandaged, but if anything’s ailing Dean, it looks to be largely embarrassment.
The stove off, the oven on, and the timer ticking down, Kelly leaves them to once again check the cleanliness of the joint dining room and living room. “Kelly, it’s fine!” Castiel calls after her, not for the first time.
Dean nodded, extending his hand for Gabriel to shake. “Pleasure, Gabe.” The way Gabe was looking him over and smirking made him vaguely uncomfortable, but nothing he couldn’t deal with. Nothing he hadn’t dealt with before, honestly enough.
“See something you like, Dean-o?”
Dean gripped the back of Cas’ neck and pulled him in for another open-mouthed kiss. They’d been so careful about touching each other to this point. Now there was no holding back.
“Do it, then.”
As soon as he released her, John pulled him into a tight hug. “I’m proud of you, son,” he said. “I’m still not anywhere near happy about this, but that doesn’t mean I’m not proud of you and what you’ve become. You keep that charm on you, no matter your form.” He touched the protection amulet suspended on a leather thong around Dean’s neck. He and Mary had worked the original protections, and then Sam and Jess had enhanced it with their own unique strengths.
, one that’s chosen by the two of them on an equal footing. If one side or the other is coerced then you lose a lot of the potential.”
Dean swallowed, raised one shaky arm to wipe the bit of water that dribbled out of the side of his mouth. “Cas?”
Then there were the frequent attacks. Crows, foxes, deer… all with the black veining and black eyes, honed in on Dean. Once there was a wolverine. That one did some damage before Cas managed to destroy it.
Since they had reached a point where thumbs were once again useful, Dean shifted, got dressed, and got to work on cleaning out the house as well as he could while Cas worked his magic to stabilize and ward the structure.
“I was excited about the prospect, honestly. My studies were quite clear that being partnered with a Familiar was important for working the most interesting magic. I’d done some small partnering, with some of the Familiars associated with the Angelus family, but never the same person more than a handful of times.”
“Nora would appreciate your using them. She would have approved of you, I believe. And she would have been pleased that you and I are working together as well as we are. She was very generous and caring. That, I believe, was her primary motivation in coming to the frontier with us. She knew she could be of assistance, and that the work was important, and that she would have a place here. Having a place was important to her. Remembering her is important, too. Have you been to the memorial garden, yet?”
The door to the law office was painted a rich black lacquer, shiny and smooth, with expensive brass fittings and stained glass inset. Well. If the lawyer was an Angelus, then he was associated with the premiere Witch family in all of the country. He could afford stained glass.
“No. Permanent bond.”
“Mm.” The lawyer rubbed his chin thoughtfully.
Dean nodded. “I guess I’ll see it for myself. Day after tomorrow will work just fine. I’ll write a letter to my family while I’m here, let them know I made it this far, at least.” It sounded like he might not be able to get another letter out for quite some time. They would want to know he was safe this far, and he would share his first impressions of Castiel Angelus as well. He knew his family worried that he’d made a poor decision. If he could give them some peace of mind, he would.
Her eyes narrowed slightly. “For you or for Cas?”
Castiel nodded, then turned, wondering what he would find.
“Go get Cas.”
“Might be is not something I prefer to deal in,” Cas answered. “How far out were the signs? We’re going to need to camp out in order to get there?”
“I didn’t exactly have time to strip carefully when I shifted to get that bear off of you, Cas.” Dean leaned away briefly, but was back before Cas could protest. “Drink up.” He held his canteen up and made sure Cas had a good grip of it before he continued talking. “You are wearing the remaining shreds around your ribs. You scared me, you know.”
“He is too far gone to be cured,” Cas said as he slumped just slightly against Dean, using his Familiar as support. Dean knew how much Cas hated not being able to save someone. He clasped Cas’ shoulder in silent support.
“Still not my name,” Dean complained, but nodded to Bobby and moved over anyhow. If gossip was what they wanted, he could oblige.
Cas arched a brow at him. “It takes little more effort to set up two bedrolls as one.” He didn’t listen to any further protestations, simply untying both bedrolls from the saddle and setting them up. The oiled canvas went down first, protecting the rest of the bedding from the moisture of the earth. Then he spread the rest of the bedding out.
His tail whipped once, twice, before he controlled it. In this form he couldn’t talk, not to her. Only to Cas.
“Thank you.” He looked around, spotting a finely carved bench across from her desk, and seated himself. The office was paneled with dark wood wainscoting, and the windows draped with dark red velvet edged with gold fringe. He realized he was tapping his heel against the floor and forced himself to stop. It wouldn’t do to show how nervous he was. At least it wasn’t the kind of nervous that made him feel threatened, so he wasn’t fighting to control an instinctual need to shift.
“We do,” Dean agreed. “Not until morning, after the rain is gone.”
Some of the scouts chafed at the rules more than others, but the other authorities in Willow River supported Jody’s position.
He wasn’t sure that Dean really understood yet the conditions he would be living in for the next year, but there was nothing for that but to show him. Words would never fully prepare anyone for living on the edge of the frontier if they had been born and raised in any of the eastern cities. It had certainly been a shock for himself, when he and Gabriel first arrived with Nora and Charlie. The first few weeks had been difficult, and then just when they had thought they were getting accustomed to it, winter had arrived.
Dean sat down and wrinkled his nose in clear distaste.
“If we don’t Sam will go to the Emporium and buy some for you.”
“I’ll just grab my main pack, then,” Dean said, patting Smoky on the flank as he made his way back to Pigeon and unstrapped the pack he’d need first. Pigeon still snorted and side-stepped nervously when he approached, but it was half-hearted. He patted him on the side of his neck.
Cas shrugged one shoulder. “It’s at times a benefit, at times… less so. In any event, my focus on learning magic meant that I really wasn’t paying attention to current events, politics, or even what other members of my family were up to.”
“Call me Gabe,” Gabriel said. “Gabriel is too formal. I’m not big on formal, most of the time. Pleased to meet you. I hope we live up to your expectations. We’re rough on the outside, but there are good people here, doing important work.”
“One more question before that, if I may,” Mr. Angelus deferred. “The advertisement specifies that the Familiar’s shifter form must be suitable for the frontier. There is little in the way of civilized amenities, and living conditions can be quite primitive and difficult. What is your other form?”
“Aren’t we always.” Dean brought the food over to a fallen log and began to unwrap it. He broke a pocket pie in half, took a sniff. “Venison and carrot. Nice.”
Really, this went far better than he could have even hoped for. Dean seemed capable. He was polite and personable. Charming, even. It was true that the two of them hadn’t yet worked together, but it felt as though there was a good foundation to build off of. Castiel felt an affinity for Dean, an immediate connection. They already felt comfortable together, and that shouldn't be trivialized. For the first time since Nora’s death, he allowed himself to believe that things might actually work out well.
“I don’t think the wild frontier is ready for Sam and Jessica Winchester.” Dean knew he wasn’t ready for his brother and his bondmate to be anywhere near the dangers of the frontier.
“Dean Winchester.” Charlie’s gaze sharpened as she caught the scent of a tale. She bounced on the balls of her feet. “What happened out there? Nevermind, for now, about that bear and whatever else happened. Did you and Cas…?”
“Yes. The corruption stopped actively spreading  about a hundred years after it struck, but its effects linger. Gradually the healthy lands to the east of the Great River have begun to reclaim the corrupted land, so now it is at least survivable. However, there are still virulent pockets that must be contained and then eliminated in order to truly make the frontier habitable again.”
She led him through the interior doorway to a short hallway to another door which opened into a handsomely appointed office.
Charlie lifted her brows. “Sweet?”
“She was a Witch, there is no doubt. Age indeterminate, but centuries going by her manner of dress.” Cas took a bite of his dinner.
“Not that likely to run into things Eastward,” Charlie commented with a shrug. “But still. Not impossible, either. So seems like a smart move.”
“I’ve noticed that,” Dean said. “When he’s not making a point out of paying attention to anything other than what he’s focused on.”
He should be exhausted even after having been unconscious for however many hours. Instead, energy thrummed beneath Cas’ skin. He stared at the fan of Dean’s eyelashes against his cheek and was struck anew by how beautiful the Familiar was. Physically, yes, but in so many other ways as well. Fiercely loyal. Kind. Gruff to disguise the kindness. Quietly brilliant. He teased Cas but never made fun.
Cas made a frustrated sound deep in his throat, but he didn’t say anything.
“Hey.”
That was why he couldn’t hold back a groan of disappointment the day Cas checked the pink pebbles, and one had turned a brilliant emerald green.
“We won’t get far in a week,” Cas answered as he considered it. “This is meant to be training so not going too far is smarter. I believe Charlie is getting restless as well.”
“His taking off when he did was stupidity at its height.”
Ellen nodded. “He is. No one’s quite dared approach him since Smoky wandered back without you.”
“He is? Hah! Classic. This place, it’s going to be easy to navigate. I can tell already. The saloon literally named, The Saloon. There is a saloon, isn’t there? Please tell me there is.”
Cas accepted half of the pie from Dean’s hand as he sat down on the log. The exhaustion started to tug more insistently at the edges of his consciousness. It took him a long moment to notice Dean’s hand held steadily in front of his face. It took another long moment to figure out why it was there. Finally, he reached up and clasped his hand with Dean’s.
Cas smiled at that. “An excellent idea. When there’s time.”
-oOo-
“Fair. I try not to think about it too much, either. I think you’d find that’s true of most of us. People don’t usually come to the frontier because they’re leading an idyllic life back on the coast.” She tossed another pebble into the stream.
Cas nodded agreement. “I didn’t know anything about Familiars then, nothing more than that they were always about. I didn’t understand about the special partnership between a Witch and a Familiar. So I used solely my own powers to create that light, and nearly extinguished the spark of my magic in the process.”
“Possible,” Cas allowed. “I hope you’re right.”
Roy looked at him, disdain in his gaze. “Still doing mundane things instead of actually accomplishing anything, I see.”
“Older versions how?” Gabe asked. “You’re certain?”
“This is driving me crazy,” Dean confessed to Cas. “We need to be
“Cas?” He started to wonder if the outpost was ready for Dean Winchester, and suspected the answer was no.
He turned back towards Cas. “And this is Jessica. Sam, you have her pouch?”
Dean roamed far enough ahead that Cas had to switch to mental communication.
Dean nodded once, studying Cas’ face and paying attention to whatever emotions leaked through their bond. He didn’t know how Cas was going to take it. Being a Campbell wasn’t something he was ashamed of, exactly. Most of the time. He had serious disagreements with how Samuel Campbell went about his business, but go back a few generations farther and there were plenty of ancestors he could be proud to be descended from.
“Sam.” Cas’ voice was quiet and solemn. It was not the tone, though, but the underlying thrum of emotion which caused Dean to look up sharply. “Sam,” Cas repeated. “How did you come to have these?”
Dean was exhausted. Three days of exercises, the only respite being while they slept, were enough to leave him feeling rebellious. Cas believed not only in following traditional partner bonding progression exercises, but repeating each set multiple times before moving ahead to the next. There was no such thing as ‘good enough’. He found areas for improvement, shared his thoughts, and insisted they try again until the exercise met his exacting standards.
Dean held his hand out, offered it up to Cas. It took a moment, but Cas caught on and took hold. It settled some of the displacement Dean had felt after feeling Nora’s presence so strongly in the house and he hoped it offered Cas some comfort as well.
“I still have an immediate reason for it then. I can be still and wait if I know what I’m waiting for. This… this makes me want to crawl out of my skin.”
Cas looked at him sharply. “That was a real possibility?” He hadn’t known that.
Dean flopped over. It didn’t look comfortable, the way he was sprawled over on top of Cas’ legs, but it didn’t seem to bother Dean any. “Too much whiskey to figure that one out. You got any music out here? You can serenade me.”
He wound his way down towards her, pausing only slightly before stepping over the invisible barrier she couldn’t cross.
“You need to get out of here,” Gabriel told Cas with no lead-in at all. Cas was checking over one of the cows who seemed to be feeling off, but he wasn’t finding anything wrong. Dean was a short distance away, helping to muck out the barn. “School exercises are all well and good, but Dean’s not the type to do his best work with artificial challenges. You need to get him out of the encampment and into the wild.”
Cas thought that Dean would enjoy having a chance to stretch his legs, as it were.
Cas regained consciousness in slow increments. His temple throbbed with pain, making it difficult to evaluate himself. He shifted in an instinctive effort to relieve the pressure, only to have his side flare up with an even more agonizing pain.
“Yes, Mama,” Dean replied, wrapping her in his arms and hugging her fiercely. He leaned close to her ear and whispered, “I love you.”
“I would argue with you, but I am lacking the energy to do so.” Cas eyed the bedroll that Dean had set up while he was stripping Smoky of his saddle and getting the horse ready to bed down for the night.
A predatory smile crossed her lips, quickly controlled. She stepped forward, crouched down to his level. “Aren’t you a beauty. Look at those eyes. Beautiful.” She reached out, but her hand passed right through his head.
Dean’s gaze narrowed. “Excuse me?” he asked, keeping his tone mild with effort. “Last I checked, things like keeping the settlement safe and fed is important work. What have you been up to?”
Cas nodded once.
“What brings you to Willow River, Witch?” Gabe challenged him. His tone was civil, barely. Even from here Dean could sense the energy Gabe was gathering. Charlie moved to his side, her hair moving though there was no breeze. The embroidered flowers on Gabe’s long shirt shifted in color, ranging from dark purple to blood red to angry orange and then back again.
“Ah, good. It is where I remembered it to be.”
Cas had the very strong suspicion that this was the ‘extra wrong’ the two of them had been pursuing. This woman, whomever she was, trapped by Witches of the distant past. He stepped backwards slowly, pulling Dean along with him. Slowly enough, he hoped, that she would not notice and make another attempt to pull power from Dean. Cas suspected that Dean’s protective charm was the only thing that had prevented her from taking over the Familiar entirely.
Cas grunted reluctant agreement. He traced over the newly healed bite, then leaned in to kiss Dean gently on the cheek.
