Peter ignores the way his heart speeds up and how natural the weight of Harry’s arm feels around his shoulders.
It takes ten minutes of awkward feet shuffling for Natasha to step in. “This is too painful to watch, take a seat old man I’ve got it from here.”
This is definitely an improvement on the foster home Peter thinks to himself. That feeling of hope settles itself nicely into his chest, replacing a small amount of the guilt and panic that usually resides there. It’s not much, but it’s a start.
The idea had crossed his mind of course, but something about asking his adoptive dad to dig up information on his biological dad feels rude. Deep down he knows he needs someone who can retrieve files only available to OSCORP employees if he’s going to find out anything really useful and Tony can definitely do that.
When Tony also can’t get the hammer to move it opens him up to a fair amount of goading and teasing from the other team members. Everyone takes a turn one at a time with no greater success than the person before them. Eventually they only team members that haven’t tried are Steve, Bucky and Natasha.
The car pulls to a stop in front of a house, in an attempt to check back into reality Peter decides to focus on the details of the house, something real and physical. The house is in a nice area where all of the houses look the same, it has at least three floors from what Peter can tell, there’s a minibus parked in the driveway, and the front lawn is tidy but there are a few toys scattered about. It helps a bit, he can feel the fog in his head clearing and actually manages to respond when Mrs. Warren asks if he’s ready to go in.
“I’ll be fine Pete, honestly. He’s clearly drunk and in half an hour he’ll be passed out on the couch.” Peter isn’t convinced and wants to protest further, but Harry’s pushing him towards the door again. “I’m serious. I’ll be fine but you need to go. I’ll call you tomorrow, okay?” Before the elevator doors shut Peter pulls the boy toward him, pressing their lips together one last time so that he can savour the smile on Harry’s face as the doors slide shut.
Happy is waiting for them a couple of blocks away in the same spot where Steve and Tony dropped Peter off this morning in the aim to not draw any unnecessary attention. Ned is chipper as always in greeting the man however Peter is beginning to suspect that Happy exists in a permanent state of grumpiness if his gruff and reluctant “Hello” is anything to go by.
His friend has a boy pushed up against the edge of his bed, the two of them kissing heatedly. Peter thinks he must have gasped or said something without even realising because the pair break apart with twin looks of confusion.
“Alright love of my life,” Peter tries not to roll his eyes, his parents are
They manage to snag an empty couch where Peter sits in the middle with Ned making love heart eyes at Liz on one side of him, and MJ and Gwen chatting away on the other side. Turns out the two girls know each other quite well, but any time he asks how he’s met with giggles or stoic silence, so he decides to give up on that pursuit of knowledge.
“It’s your house Harry, you can smoke if you want. I just didn’t know it was something you did.”
“Tony this is my friend Harry, he got a bit lost on his way here.”
With a barley contained eye roll Peter stuffs the offending paper into his pocket just as the teacher approaches his desk.
This is another thing Peter really appreciates about his new friend. He doesn’t ask questions. From things that have been said he’s been able to piece together that there are things Harry doesn’t want to talk about, so Peter never presses and Harry grants him the same.
Peter’s response appears to please the Bakers as they share a look with one another. “A young man with manners, always nice to see.” Mr. Baker praises. Peter nods, unsure of what he’s supposed to do in this situation, and nervous about what the pair wanted to discuss with him. “As you might have noticed Peter, my wife and I run a tight ship around here. We aren’t what you might have expected from a foster home.” Peter nods again in agreement, interested to see where this conversation is going.
Peter doesn’t need to be asked twice to try out his childhood fantasy of holding Mjolnir so he makes his way over to the hammer. Of course, he isn’t expecting anything to happen so he makes a bit of a joke and a show out of rolling up his sleeves and placing both hands carefully on the handle. Then he pulls up with his full strength, not seeing the need to hold back as obviously nothing is going to happen, and the hammer moves.
“Give up your precious Spidey and we might consider not dropping these two so that they make splatter art on the concrete.” Green Goblin swoops down to grab two of the band members off of the stage soaring high into the sky with them and passing one off to the other mysterious villain.
It’s just past ten o’clock, Peter has had a slow night on patrol and is finishing early. He’s in the process of changing out of his suit behind a dumpster when he hears the explosion. He isn’t too far from his apartment and realises quickly that the blast came from his block. He pulls his hoodie over his head, deciding not to change out of the rest of the suit, before taking off in a sprint towards his home.
Instead he fixes a smile onto his face and fills both of his guardians with false assurances that he secretly hopes he can believe himself. “But it’ll be fine. It’s not the first time I’ve left school and come back again after a major life event, I can handle it.”  He can tell Tony and Steve don’t believe him, Peter doesn’t even believe himself, but he keeps the smile fixed and feigns excitement to get going.
After landing in front of the blonde boy Peter sees the recognition of Spider-Man’s presence briefly pass across Harry’s features before the pair are up and swinging through the air.
“What? It’s true. They’re a pain in my ass.” Cap’s stare doesn’t falter. “Aw geez. Okay I’m sorry Capsicle, I didn’t mean to offend you. You know I like your BFF really. It’s just that you can never hear them coming, and then all of a sudden ‘boo!’ there they are. You don’t know how many glasses I’ve broken because of them in the past year kid. Glass everywhere. Nightmare to clean up.” Peter chuckles and makes a mental note to stay alert once everyone returns to the tower. Living with two trained assassins with excellent stealth could prove to be detrimental to keeping Spider-Man a secret.
“Peter, this is Mr and Mrs Baker, they run the care home you are going to be staying at.” Peter feels unsure about the Bakers but feels encouraged by Mrs. Warren’s kind presence to try and say hello to the couple. “Peter dear, why don’t you go and take a seat in the family room while I discuss some things with Mr and Mrs Baker.” Peter nods and follows the instruction into a room that is much cleaner and tidier than Peter would have expected for a foster home. He expected at least some amount of mess, not this pristine room where the furniture all matches and there isn’t any sign of human life.
He thinks he’s in the clear, the suit is on, the replacement web fluid is tucked safely into his pocket, and his window is perfectly positioned to allow him a clear shot at a nearby building. Just as Peter is about to climb out of the window JARVIS’ voice comes through the room ruining his perfect plan.
------
In the past week since the rather awkward conversation Sam and Bucky had cornered Peter into the pair had found a comfortable and easy silence in each other’s company. Bucky could often be found on Peter’s floor just sitting with the boy as he watched TV or completed school work.
He felt nothing when the covered-up body was wheeled out in front of him. Nothing when the sheet was pulled back to reveal his aunt’s face. Nothing when he confirmed for the coroner and Police Officer that yes, this was May Parker. And nothing when the body was covered up and taken away again.
“You’re alright bud. Why don’t ya pull up a chair?” Peter hesitates slightly but Bucky smiles in a welcoming way so he hops up on to the stool beside the man. There are a few minutes of some-what comfortable silence in which Peter enjoys his dinner, previously unaware of just how hungry he was; sometimes he forgets that he has a faster metabolism and so technically he should be eating more than he used to. The silence is broken again when Bucky stops doing whatever he was doing on his phone to ask him a question. “So, where’d you run off to earlier?”
Part of Peter tries to remind him that this is his new home so he’ll have plenty of time to look around, but when you’ve led the life Peter has permanence isn’t really something you are familiar with.
“Oh, no sir, we’re terribly sorry. My wife did not mean to imply that you and your partner didn’t have the right child. Simply, well. Peter is a bit of a trouble maker. We have actually been having rather significant problems with him recently.”
In many ways MJ reminds Peter of Harry. In the way she doesn’t take herself too seriously, or how she doesn’t openly or outwardly express the things she cares about but deep-down MJ is extremely passionate and proud of all of her accomplishments. She presents a mask to the world that portrays her as someone who is uninterested and above it all, but really, she cares just as much as anyone else does.
He can hear the conversation the occupants of the room are having before he has even rounded the corner into the hallway where the room is situated.
“Could you put on the TV for us?”
Peter spends some time with two other residents of the tower, however one of his encounters isn't exactly ideal for someone trying to hide a secret.
The fact that Captain America and Iron Man have seen something in him, and feel so strongly about it that they want to make him a part of their family is still disorienting to Peter. He hasn’t fully wrapped his mind around it yet, so much so that he hasn’t even told Ned. He texted his best friend to say that things were changing for him again so he wouldn’t be in school for a few days but hadn’t given him any specifics. Being the amazing friend that he is, Ned had replied telling Peter that he was there if he needed anything and to keep him updated on what was happening. Peter really thanks his lucky stars every day that he has Ned Leeds.
Peter apologises profusely for being late but Mr Harrington promises that it’s fine and begins to usher everyone on board. He follows Ned onto the bus and is about to sit next to his best friend when he gets pushed into the seat beside MJ by said best friend. Ned just winks at him and takes the seat behind them.
Suit purchased Harry happily strolls along swinging the Gucci bag between them. “You’re going to the dance, right?”
The next thing he’s aware of are two arms slipping under his legs and shoulders to lift him bridal style. He tries to protest but someone, he’s fairly sure it’s Steve, shushes him. And then all that matters is the soft press of his mattress and pillow as sleep fully takes him.
Mrs. Warren arrives back in the room a few minutes later, when Peter tells her that he would like to take Mr. Stark and Mr. Rogers up on their offer the couple beam at him, filling Peter with the confidence that he is making the right decision. He really feels like he can trust them, and given everything he has been through lately, trust is something Peter desperately needs more of in his life.
Which Peter rationalities is technically not a lie, because you can’t really meet yourself. Right?
“I promise.” He whispers against Harry’s lips and then the other boy is pulling him back in urgently.
“Thanks, I appreciate it, I really do… But it was nothing honestly…” Peter trails off, one look to his left and he can tell from the look on Bucky’s face that the man isn’t buying it. “It really was just some stupid school stuff, it made me mad. Much angrier than I really should have been, so I left to go and walk about the city. Just to get some space.”
“You won’t.”
“You must be Peter.” Bruce extends a hand to Peter. “Bruce Banner, pleasure to meet you.”
When they get back to the tower they are laden with bags filled with everything Peter could possibly need. Most of the furniture and bigger things the ordered to furnish Peter’s floor will be arriving later in the week.
With a grace and ease that Peter doesn’t think he will ever achieve Tony rises from the couch and makes his way over to the pair, hand outstretched for a hand shake.
“You mean…? This is mine?” The smirks on Steve and Tony’s faces have only gotten bigger. “This is, wow. This is too much…”
Peter has been in school for all of five minutes when he’s harassed by Flash.
The boy jumps up from his seat practically ripping the box out of Tony's hands. “Are you serious? This is insane! Tony! Oh my God!” Steve laughs at his son’s excitement smiling fondly over at his husband. “This is so expensive, I can’t believe you bought me this!”
Tony waves a hand dismissively. “Pfft. It was just sitting here anyway. Might as well put it to use.”
“It’s been good so far, yeah.” Peter responds, still slightly in shock at how kind Bucky is. Not that he had been expecting a monster or someone evil or anything like that. Steve had spoken to him at length about Bucky and what to expect, he’d explained that Wakanda had helped and that Bucky was basically back to his normal self again. However, there had still be a part of Peter that had expected to meet the cold and calculated assassin that was reported on the TV.
“Hey.” He greets sliding into the booth across from Ned and happily taking the ice cream from him. “How’s things?”
No need to guess who the Picasso of this particular piece of work is.
The girls bring Peter into the fold asking a hundred questions to the point where he begins to feel overwhelmed with the attention. Harry is no help and simply smirks when Peter shoots him a
There’s a loud crash as the left-hand side of the building gives way, tumbling towards the ground and causing Peter to lose focus just for a second. It’s not long but it’s enough time for one of the silver disks to slice deeply into his arm, blood spurting out in a way Peter thought it only did in horror movies.
Bucky ducks his head slightly in a thinly veiled attempt to hide a laugh. “And he’s just a friend?”
Of course, Peter knew who the man was the second he set eyes on him. War Machine is every bit as intimidating in person as he seems on the TV. The man approaches Peter now with a hand extended. “Nice to meet you Peter, I’m Tony’s long-suffering best friend, Rhodey.”
But MJ is pretty in a really understated way. Her hair is wild and unruly, it should really consume her but her bold personality shines through the mass of curls.
“Petey-pie! Just what I need, come here.” Peter drops his bag and rushes over to see what Tony is doing. “Okay so just put your finger there for me, good. Yup. And… Done.” He finishes screwing a metal panel into place before proudly holding up the object for Peter to see properly.
Ned huffs, knowing exactly what Michelle is like and seeing no point in trying to explain what he meant. Fact is she knows exactly what he means, Michelle just likes to make things difficult for other people.
Once the two have left Sam finally emerges from the kitchen coming to sit on the couch with Steve, Tony, Bucky and Peter. With no second thought he slumps down on the couch beside Peter and points at him before turning to Steve. “This is the kid?”
Safely in the Tower’s elevator Peter asks JARVIS to make sure no one visits his floor tonight. He does this under the guise of being tired and wanting to go straight to bed so that he can be well rested for school in the morning.
Michelle is the only one in the library when Ned and Peter show up after school for decathlon practice. They had shown Harry to a Biology lab for tutoring before coming walking to practice so they assumed they’d be the last two to show up.
They’re walking down the hallway now, MJ a few paces ahead of them, so Ned whispers slightly when he says, “Whatever you say Peter. Why don’t you just ask her to go an a date?” With that he heads off to get in his mom’s car that is already waiting in front of the school.
“You want me to come with you on Avengers business?” Peter is only becoming more confused by the second.
“Well kid I hate to break it to you but you’re not a trained assassin so your idea of pushing yourself and Nat’s are very different.”
“Um, hi guys. Everything alright?”
Peter’s not in the best mood when he arrives home and it isn’t helped when JARVIS ignores his request just to go to his own floor bringing him instead to the common area.
Hello, sorry this took me much longer than I had hoped it would. However, I have now officially finished university (forever!) and hope to add more parts to this series asap. The rest will likely just be one-shots or small chaptered fics similar to this. I have a few ideas already lined up but I am always open to prompts so please feel free to send them my way! My Tumblr is: palace-inside-my-head if you want to get in touch with me :)
“Peter we’ve been over this, the Tower is your home you should feel comfortable to invite over whoever you want.” Peter can feel the slight exasperation in his adoptive fathers voice at constantly having to remind the boy of something both Steve and Tony feel is common sense. “Go on and tell them then. Your History work is done anyway.”
Feeling a distinct need to protect his friend Peter steps closer to the blonde boy in an attempt to intercept Norman’s gaze. “Actually, it was all my doing sir. I recently found out that my dad worked here and I asked Harry to help me find out more about him. Sorry.”
“Dude, do you have a crush on MJ?” Ned approaches Peter from behind, catching him completely off guard.
“Peter, is it okay if I walk with you today? My dad has finally decided to let me get the train and we’re both heading in the same direction.” Harry smiles at him and Peter feels his stomach drop slightly at the sight.
MJ laughs and Peter decides he needs to make her do that more often; she looks so carefree and pretty when she laughs. “Sounds good. So… Saturday?”
“What is that thing?” A familiar voice asks from behind Peter. He spins around in shock only to find a puzzled Michelle Jones standing on the same roof as him, a book clutched in her hand. She’s staring at the green figure zipping about the sky in search of Spider-Man.
“Is that from MJ?” Peter nods. “If you want to deal with that now I can go.” Harry begins to stand from the couch.
Tony smiles fondly at him. “Quicker than most isn’t it?” The boy nods, clearly the expression on his face has given away his shock.
So, Peter is brought to a conference room where Tony also fusses over him in the same way his husband had, before guiding the boy to a seat beside Bucky.
Peter follows along silently, attempting to keep his head down so as not to draw any attention to himself. Harry clearly does not have the same concern as he strolls down hallways waving at scientists and greeting interns. Eventually they reach a set of double doors marked
Peter finally looks up, meeting Mr. Baker’s gaze. At this stage the teen had just about enough. His life has gone to complete ruin in the past few months and nobody, except his only friend, seems to care. And now the awful people he has been forced to live with are trying to take away the only thing that actually brings him any peace or happiness.
Peter manages to make it back to his alley way without any other issues. He’s now officially exhausted, the adrenaline which had been pumping through his veins before having subsided.
He’s singing loudly again when he hears a laugh behind him. Peter jumps and spins around to find Tony and someone he hasn’t met before standing at the door with amused grins on their faces.
Peter waves him off. “That’s alright Harry I can call Happy. Don’t worry.” He continues making excuses as he collects his backpack and Harry is still insisting he does more to help as Peter finally gets in the elevator, the doors sliding closed on Harry’s worried features.
It takes a while but Peter is eventually able to convince his parents that he is fine. That he just lost track of time and decided to sleep over at Ned’s but forgot to charge his phone.
“Oh.” Mrs. Baker finally responds after a few seconds of silence. Peter moves quietly to the top of the stairs so that he can hear better. “Are you sure?”
Just as the band are taking the stage Liz and Gwen announce that they’re going to the bar for drinks so Peter and Harry make their way into the crowd without them.  The group are comprised of three men and a girl on drums, their name is a bit odd,
Ned’s eyes widen. “Correct Mr Stark.” Tony has no written work for the equation, just another small indication that he is the genius he is said to be. Peter has no doubt that the man can do much harder equations without the need for working, still, it is impressive.
Everything is just a bit too much for Peter and he starts sobbing openly. Tony rubs his back comfortingly and Steve runs a hand through his hair. “I’m sorry… I just- I’ve felt so alone and it’s been so long since I’ve felt like anyone cared.” He mumbles into Tony’s chest, effectively sandwiched in between the two super-heroes.
Peter makes a new friend at school and then gets to know Hawkeye and Black Widow a bit better.
His words hurt. “You know what Harry? I’m sick of this attitude, if you don’t want to be my friend anymore just because I’m dating MJ, then that’s fine. But don’t pretend this is about anything other than the fact that you clearly don’t like MJ.” Peter turns around and begins to walk home.
Century Boy, another of Peter’s new favourites.
Tony places a glass of water on the bedside table as Peter burrows into the covers, the soft sensation of the bed making him feel slightly less ill. He sighs into the feeling of Tony running a careful hand through his hair. “Pete, before you drift off, do you think you might be sick?” Peter manages to whisper out a ‘no’ which satisfies Tony enough. “Okay. I’m gonna stay here for a bit just in case.”
“Thanks Ned, I really appreciate it. All of this. I didn’t know where else to go, and I obviously couldn’t go back to the Tower.” Peter continues to inspect his leg; the swelling has gone down significantly and it’s not looking quite as angry as it was earlier, but it’s far from healed and will probably need a few more hours of rest before he can safely put any weight on it.
At some point Harry pushes Peter up against the railing of the balcony, their mouths only detaching to breath in air when their heads start to swim from lack of oxygen. They kiss for what feels like an eternity until a yell of anger has them jumping apart.
He can faintly hear JARVIS saying something but its drowned out by the sound of sirens. Sirens that aren’t actually there but that are deafening nonetheless.
Giving one final push Peter is able to dislodge enough of the beam so that he can pull his leg out from under it, he tries to ignore the way his leg flops lifelessly to the side, concentrating all his energy on getting to the window before the rest of the building comes down.
He sighs exasperatedly, running a hand through his hair. “My problem is you. Why are you even out here? What happened to that guy from earlier? You seemed pretty cosy in your room.”
Peter groans, remembering the moment clearly, while wondering how the Daily Bugle always manages to catch him at the worst possible moment. Someone with his enhanced senses should not still be as clumsy, but here he is on the home page of the Daily Bugle in all his embarrassing glory.
When he reaches the door and pushes it open he immediately regrets the decision. Harry’s in there. He just isn’t alone.
“Hey kid, what’s up?” Tony asks casually.
Harry’s eyebrows crease together as he lets out a small laugh. “Did you just quote Harry Potter?” Peter joins in and soon they’re both laughing, hands still joined between them. “You’re such a nerd.”
He had spotted his phone charging on Ned’s nightstand upon waking up this morning but chose to ignore the device, it’s fair to say that Peter is more than a little afraid of what awaits him when he finally decides to unlock the phone.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thanks. I just wanted to check because I know we talked about not making it public.” They had discussed that over dinner the previous night. For how high profile their lives are, especially Tony, when they had gotten together and then engaged and finally married the pair had decided to keep all of it very private. Something peter found endlessly impressive due to just how famous the two are. When it came to Peter and their adoption of him they wanted to do the same, keep it very private and amongst just friends and family, which Peter had agreed with whole heartedly. He’s never been one for the spotlight and announcing to the world that he’s been adopted by Iron Man and Captain America, who by the way are married, would more than thrust him into a spotlight.
It’s different from holding hands with MJ. He felt nervous and sweaty when their hands met across the bus seat. But with Harry it feels natural, like their hands belong together.
“Dunno,” Pete answered.
“Yeah!”
Tony crossed over and sat beside him, clad only in his under-armour.
“Pretty big day, huh bud?” Steve asked as he wrapped an arm around Pete’s shoulders, leading him out of the elevator and to his room.
“Hello boys,” she greeted them, smiling. “It’s nice to see you again, Pete.”
“Wha-?” He looked around. “Ah, hello. How was the mission?”
When they got to the tower, Steve got Pete’s stuff from the trunk and they all went up to their floor. Over the past couple of visits, Pete had started redecorating his room. There were already a few drawings on the wall, as well as a poster of the periodic table and of the universe, gifted to him by Tony and Steve. On his bedside table were figurines of all the Avengers, lined up in a neat row beside his bedside lamp.
“What time is it?” Tony asked.
“Cool.” Pete dug into the beef and potatoes that Steve had scooped on his plate, leaving the small side of salad untouched.
“Hey, hey,” Steve said, putting his hands on Pete’s shoulders. “It’s okay, Pete.” Steve pulled Pete’s head to his chest and ran his hand up and down Pete’s back.
“Did you guys want to play in here until dinner?”
“Chips?” Tony asked.
“Alright, good. We have a few more minutes, why don’t you tell us about yourself?”
“Come on in.” She led them inside the house and to another room. “I’d like to have a word with you two before you take Pete today.”
“A very good idea. Pete and Christine, you guys can wait here while we go to the office, alright?”
“Cool,” Pete said. “So what can you do?”
“Yup. Anything else you want to bring, Pete?”
“Hi, Steve. You boys excited for the big day?”
“Just one more hall?” Pete asked.
“Do you want to talk about your nightmare?”
Everyone else introduced themselves one by one, each giving their name, codename, two activities they liked and one favourite colour. It was the formula that Steve had prescribed to try and help Pete cope with meeting so many new people at once. When they were done, Steve took over again.
“Thank you,” she said. “You has a nice room.”
“Hi, Sam,” Pete said quietly.
“What did you do to them?”
“Ready to go?” Tony asked, smiling at both of them, pizza boxes in hand.
“Yeah,” he said, putting his current slice of pizza down. “Claire says I shouldn’t eat so much, but I’m just really hungry always.”
“Did Christine make those?”
“Never,” Steve said, squeezing his leg. “Everyone makes mistakes. We will never fault you for that.”
“What were you dreaming about, Pete?” Steve asked.
A chorus of ‘goodnight’s and ‘sleep well’s followed them to the elevator. Steve made sure to grab Pete’s bag before getting on.
“Within reason,” Tony said. “No live animals, nothing that can explode, that kind of stuff. Well, not any big explosions, anyway.”
thanks for reading!
“Hey,” he whispered.
“Hi there,” he said, hunching down so he was closer to her. “What’s your name?”
“You gonna miss it?” Steve asked as he got into the driver’s seat.
“Is that true, Pete?” The boy nodded.
“I’m just going to be over here, sketching,” Steve answered. He had sat himself on a sofa in the corner. Quickly after moving in, they had set up what Steve affectionately called his “sketching corner”. It was two sofas, a low table and a side table filled with sketching equipment.
“Well, you’re on the right track,” Tony said encouragingly. “But when you start the second row here, you have to remember to start with a 0. Here, let me write it out again and you can try.” Tony wrote the equation again on a clean piece of napkin and gave it back to Pete. Pete took the pen back and tried again, this time successfully.
They ate the cake quickly, Pete staying quiet and letting the general noise of the Avengers wrap around him. When they were done, Steve took Pete’s plate and brought it over to the sink, leaving it for Wanda to take care of.
“Come, sit here,” Thor pulled out a chair for Pete, patting it invitingly. Pete went over, looking a little hesitant.
Pete looked at her apprehensively from his spot at the table. Nervously, he fiddled with the pencil in his hands.
Steve checked the time on his phone as he pulled out his earbuds.
The girl nodded enthusiastically.
“In an abstract sort of way,” Steve hemmed.
“The Family Calendar,” Tony responded.
“Okay, but only one,” he smiled fondly at the two of them and went to start getting drinks for everyone. By the time he had finished setting everything out, Tony and Pete had put the tablet away and were sitting at the dining table.
“Sure, let’s go do that while Tony orders food.”
“Yup! See you soon.”
“Hey F.R.I.D.A.Y., we’re home,” Tony said as they stepped into the elevator.
“A documentary on bees,” Steve answered, as Pete was too engrossed to answer.
“Sorry I ate the cookies.”
“You’re stuck with us,” Tony said.
“No.” Although still subdued, Pete was looking a little happier.
Steve took his turn laying a kiss on Pete’s forehead and then they left.
I'm sorry about the sporadic updates, life is v busy and stressful.
“Pete, you’re not trouble,” Steve said. “Come on, let’s go sit on the sofa.”
They wandered around for a bit, Pete taking Christine’s hand and letting go of Steve’s to lead her around. After a while Christine started to get visibly tired, dragging her feet and latching onto Tony’s hand.
“Sounds exciting,” Clint said as he sat down at the table, bowl of grated cheese in hand. Natasha followed close behind with the taco meat, and Thor and Bruce brought in the sour cream, tacos shells and diced tomatoes.
“Lead the way.” Pete turned and ran into the house with a “come on, Hank” thrown over his shoulder. Hank chuckled and joined Tony and Steve as they stepped inside the home. Pete’s bags were all at the front door and as the three men entered Claire came out from her office.
“Hi Claire,” Steve said, nodding at her.
“Hey kiddo. Have a good afternoon?”
The three of them ate chocolate chip pancakes until their bellies were full. Then they all got dressed and ready for the day.
“Thanks, Tony,” Steve said. “Did any get on your pajamas, Pete?”
“That’s okay,” Tony finally chimed in from behind Steve. “We can sit on the sofa and watch movies. How does that sound?”
“I’m glad he’s got a friend. He needs kids his age,” Steve said.
Tony pulled over a napkin and pulled a pen out of his pocket. He wrote 17x23 on the napkin and slid it over to Pete. Pete took the pen and started doing the problem. When he got stuck, he looked up at Tony.
“What kind of pizza do you like?” Tony asked Christine as they walked into the living room.
“No. Sorry about earlier.”
Steve smiled and wrapped an arm around Pete’s middle. “It’s alright, buddy, there’s worse things you could’ve done with Uncle Thor and Uncle Loki. We’ll call this one a win.”
“I did…” Pete looked down at the ground as his toe dug into the carpet.
The Avengers had received, through the PR team that handled them, a request for them to investigate a young boy who seemed to be displaying some sort of powers. When Tony had asked why someone at S.H.I.E.L.D. wasn’t handling it, Clint had butted in with a “you really want some kid thrown to a bunch of scientists?” All of the Avengers quickly decided together that they would at least look into it. They had sent Steve and Tony, as the semi-official leaders of the team, to scope out the situation and see if it was worth their time.
“Hello,” Pete said, hand stilling over the paper.
Pete looked at them and his eyes welled with tears.
Tony was a bundle of well-contained nerves as they went to pick up Pete from the home for the last time. Steve held his hand tightly as he drove, both to ground himself and Tony.
“I was thinking we could build a rocket.” At Steve’s panicked look, Tony hastened to add ”a small rocket, of course.”
There was a pause. “Sure.”
“No family dinner?” Pete asked.
“And I do not mind either way,” Wanda said. “It might not be a bad thing to have young energy in the tower.”
“You feeling anything, Pete?” Tony asked as Steve crossed to their room to get changed.
“Okay.” Pete looked down before offering the cookie box to Thor. “Want one?”
“Well that doesn’t sound too hard,” Steve said. “What do you say, Pete? Wanna give it a try?”
“How do you know?”
When Steve and Tony pulled up to the home Friday late afternoon, Pete was already sat on the step with a small suitcase packed beside him. Hank was perched on the step next to him, talking quietly with him. When he saw the car pull up, Pete leapt to his feet and waved energetically.
“I had an accident,” Pete said thickly.
“Yeah,” came the small reply from the other side of the door.
“See you.”
“Don’t know how,” Pete gasped.
“I’m glad to see he’s starting to come out of his shell,” Steve said to Tony softly as they exited the car.
With a flourish, Pete finished the last equation on his worksheet and put his pencil down. Pushing his glasses up, he turned around and crawled onto the sofa beside Tony.
“They’re back from the mission?” Peter questions, playing dumb to the fact that he already knows the rest of the team are home. One the way to the communal floor Tony makes small talk, mainly about Peter’s return to school in two days’ time. Tony, Steve and Peter had met with the principal yesterday to discuss Peter’s return and the fact that all information referring to both where he lives and his guardians has to remain confidential. Peter doesn’t want anything to be public knowledge, and he doesn’t for a second believe that if it were public knowledge that Flash would stop bullying him just because of who his parents are. Instead, if any questions are asked the cover story is that Peter is an intern for Stark Industries who has been working closely with Tony Stark.
There is one inescapable thought that plagues Peter constantly over his time with MJ, she is so like Harry. They’re obviously different in many ways but he finds that he likes MJ for all of the same reasons he likes Harry.
He frowns slightly, unlocking his new Stark phone – something he had acquired yesterday when Tony practically threw his old iPhone at a wall after discovering that Peter was using an iPhone 4, apparently the son of Tony Stark can’t use something ‘so outdated its practically pre-historic’ – to read the text properly.
To say that his first week in the Baker’s home was intimidating would be an understatement. Peter had been allowed a few weeks off from school given the circumstances, but a large part of him desperately wished he was back in school. Living with the Baker’s meant being on edge 24/7. The couple seemed nice enough, but something about them didn’t sit right with Peter. They were watching his every move, essentially monitoring him every time he took a step or even when he breathed. The crushing weight of losing his Aunt was already suffocating enough, the last thing Peter needed right now were two overbearing, overly strict, strangers breathing down his neck.
Harry’s soft voice breaks him out of his thoughts. “What are you thinking about? I can see the cogs turning in your brain.”
"No, it's just a couple of blocks. I can walk myself."
" Steve breathed out, panicked. "I can't afford that, neither can my career." He rushed out, feeling his heart start to flutter and his breathing get quicker.
Steve felt weird being confronted with this fact. Of course he remembered last night, but he didn't really remember the finer details. "Oh, sorry to scare you. I'm fine though, we just had a bit of an accident."
And finally they made their escape.
"Listen up Rogers, I can see it now," Bucky put his arm around Steve's shoulder and held his other hand out in front of them as if displaying their future. "You and me leave the NY, we start our
He slipped himself out of his pants and took a hold of his cock, feeling a pit of upset pool in his stomach that made his cock jump. Steve jerked himself fast, faster than he probably ever had before. He bit at his bottom lip hard and leaned back against the wall by his bed, trying to just get this over with.
Louder, more confident this time Steve repeated: "Steve is not being hit very hard."
he wasn't eliciting the reaction that he had expected. Steve should be writhing on the bed by now, he would have been if this had been Tony's hand. He wondered if maybe Steve just didn't like the paddle, but there was something in how he'd phrased himself that made Tony think that wasn't true. He tapped Steve's shoulder again.
"Steve!" A voice came, way to peppy for such an early morning, and it made his headache just that much worse. "How are ya? Sorry to call so early but I was wondering if you got my invite?"
He slowly pieced together who the voice was:
There was the sound of something sliding off of the ground and in Steve's periphery he saw a thick wooden paddle. It was a dark colored wood and beautiful, but it made Steve's blood run cold.
He'd always thought he would be sad to effectively lose his parents, but standing next to Tony he realized that he didn't really need them.
Steve types back an eager
One of Tony's hands went up to Steve's back, harshly dragging his nails down it. Steve cried out at the pain, and then at the feeling of his dick pulsing but not able to orgasm.
"I said, it's time to go Steve." Tony reiterated.
So Steve pulled out of the kiss and sunk to his knees in front of Tony. Steve fumbled with his belt buckle and then the confusing buttons on Tony's expensive slacks. When he finally got them down and was faced with Tony's cock he felt no hesitation in enveloping it with his mouth.
Steve had been surprised with his own reaction in the days following their scene, he'd expected more self-loathing and crying-but for the most part he'd been almost
Quill heard her, so he told her to shove off, and she shut up for a while. And
instead of the proper pronoun did actually help. It took him out of the words, made it seem like he was describing something on TV, not actually what he was doing.
He got a call from Tony just seconds later.
"I'd be killed if my family knew about this." Steve mumbled, his mind still in a deep, sad fog.
"He's fine,
"What? Why?" Steve floundered, not getting the point.
"Wow,
Steve felt concern build up within him, and also hatred for himself. He felt so selfish,
Tony's name made Steve freeze up for a moment. He had a dark mark right above his hip, a green bruise by now. Later on Friday night Steve had even been able to see the teeth marks etched into his skin. He had another reason to call Tony aside from the Doctor's note that he needed, but Steve hadn't been able to work up the courage for that.
He downed his champagne very quickly and then Natasha was back with a man wearing a
." Tony emphasized the word and when Steve looked back he hadn't even noticed that Tony had set to work as he literally couldn't feel his whole arm.
' that Tony also unlocked and let them in.
"You like that? You want me to bite you harder?" Tony goaded, looking up at Steve from under his lashes. Steve had a kind of unexpected response though, he covered his face with his hand and didn't respond at all. Tony stared at him for a second longer, but the question had been mostly rhetorical so he went ahead and bit that same spot again. This time he bit and sucked hard enough to leave a bruise, all while Steve furiously fucked up into Tony's hand but kept his face covered.
"Yeah, I thought Coulson was going to kill us all. Oh, and there was some heat in the first violins this morning." Bucky enticed and came around in front of Steve to ponder through there ever empty fridge. Not that they didn't have the money to buy food, they just both hated going grocery shopping, especially since all the shops around their area were super bourgie.
"I'm gonna transfer you over to Dr. Stark right now." She said and then with little to no stimulation Steve was cumming all over his hand. He had to pull the phone away from himself so that his groan wouldn't register in the microphone.
Every once in a while Tony shoved himself so deeply down Steve's throat that he was forced to gag, and the feeling of being out of control like that was elating.
warnings:
Steve shivered with the feeling and pushed himself back with urgency, wanting to feel Tony's tongue inside of him. Tony got the message and pointed his tongue, beginning to slowly push into Steve's hole.
he wanted with him, it was liberating.
Steve expected himself to feel scared or anxious about the phone call, but he actually found that he suddenly felt very destressed. Like a huge weight had been lifted off of his body. He'd been kind of waiting for this day his whole life, the day his parents would basically disown him.
Tony smiled at him and Steve smiled back. Tony motioned for them to start walking and Tony quickly took the cello from Steve's hand, carrying it himself. "My house?" Tony half-whispered and Steve nodded.
"Perfect, you were meant for my cock." Tony groaned as he bottomed out and Steve shivered at the feeling of being completely full.
Tony licked his lips and then shook his head slightly. He unwrapped Steve's hand and then threw the biohazard waste away, pulling up a needle and injecting Steve with a local anesthetic. A bit of blood pooled up again and Steve took a deep breath, looking away. "Sorry, not good with blood." Steve admitted.
“What’s that?” Pete asked.
“You have an A.I.?” Pete asked excitedly, perking up.
The team returned from their mission a few hours later, and Steve and Tony were greeted with the sight of Thor and Pete stretched out on the sofa, Thor’s head resting on Loki’s thigh. Thor was asleep, Pete stretched out on top of him and also fast asleep. The two cookie boxes had been pushed onto the floor, a few crumbs spilling out onto the floor. A third and fourth were on the low coffee table beside the sofa. Loki was reading quietly, book in one hand and the other arm stretched across the back of the sofa.
Claire jumped in surprise. “Pardon?”
Pete turned his face into the ceiling, closing his eyes and shaking his head.
“Talk to you later,” Tony said as they all turned and left. As Steve packed Pete’s meager possessions into the trunk, Tony helped Pete buckle into the back seat, much as they had every other time Pete stayed over. Although the process was the same, it felt so much different this time.
“This is just the people who live most of the time at the tower. Jane, Thor’s girlfriend, and Pepper, the CEO of Tony’s company, have rooms in the tower that they use sometimes, but not often enough to bring them today. Do you have any questions for any of us?”
“Well you can have it whenever you want when you’re with us,” Tony said.
That came to an abrupt halt when there was a crash from the kitchen, and a loud shout followed by the blur of a small figure racing down the hall.
Pete shrugged again. “Some of the other kids said, they said that I’m… different.”
“No kidding,” Tony said, scooping Pete up and tossing him over his shoulder. “Now, I’m taking these spoils of war to my room as a pre-dinner snack!”  Tony made fake chomping noises.
Steve, recognizing the look on Pete’s face, crouched down so he was level with the boy. “You won’t get in trouble, Pete. I promise.” Pete stood and walked around Steve, holding his hand out towards a wall. Quicker than Steve or Tony could track, a line of white flew from Pete’s hand and stuck to the wall.
“What kind of experiments?”
Pete has a little accident.
“My parents,” Pete said.
“Okay, that’s okay,” Tony soothed, reaching up and wrapping a hand around one of Pete’s. He gently pried it from the ceiling and, as if he had been suction cupped to the ceiling, losing one point of contact seemed to release the others. Pete tumbled into Tony’s arms, who caught him and tried not to fall off the chair. Steve placed a stabilizing hand on Tony’s back, helping him get down from the chair.
“But you were working on multiplication when we met you, right?” Tony asked.
Pete, who had woken when Thor did, slid out of his arms and leapt at Steve, throwing his arms around his neck.
Steve bought their family ticket, and they all headed into the small room. There were a few other children and parents scattered throughout the room. Steve let go of Pete’s hand and Tony let go of Christine’s, urging them together.
“Christine?” They had never heard of Pete having a friend.
“I believe that it will have no effect on me. If you believe it is best for the child and for the team, I fully support bringing him to the tower,” Vision said.
He went to Pete’s room next, fully opening the already ajar door. The light was on in the room, but it didn’t look as if Pete was inside. Tony stepped fully in, feeling Steve join him at his back.
“How long has this been happening, Pete?”
“Well, I’m sure we can have her over for a sleepover once we get you settled in.”
“I like stabbing him as a joke. This is not the same.”
Christine nodded, and together they toppled the tower they had built, bringing it down with a large crash.
“I could eat,” Steve replied, wrapping up the chord on his headphones. “Just let me get changed then we’ll look at lunch.”
The afternoon passed quickly with Steve sketching Pete, Tony and many of the bots in the lab.
“Sure,” Pete answered.
“It’s silly, but I feel like he’s ours already, and we’re abandoning him,” Steve mumbled as they drove away, the image of Pete waving frantically burned into his mind.
“Nope,” he said, turning back to the tablet. “What does this do?” he pointed to a specific area on the suit.
“Now Pete, you don’t have to eat that whole pizza, we’ll have what you can’t finish boxed up and you can bring it back to the home with you.”
“We can find it, thanks,” Tony answered as he stood. They walked in silence until they reached Pete’s room.
Pete, looking distressed, clasped his hands behind his back and looked down.
“Okay,” Pete said.
“Yes, boss.”
“Alrighty, then off we go,” Tony said, slinging a small backpack over his shoulder and handing the suitcase to Steve.
When they got back to the tower, they were met in the common living room by the entire team.  Everyone was perched on the two large sofas and many armchairs scattered throughout the room. Clint and Natasha were on one end of one of the couches, Sam sat next to them. Bruce was in an armchair on his own beside them, Vision in the armchair next to Bruce’s and Wanda perched on the arm. Thor was lounging on the other sofa with his feet in Jane’s lap.
Once the blocks were clean, Steve led them over to the carpet and they sat, Steve and Tony standing behind them.
Tony cleared his throat when silence fell after that. “I didn’t know you could glow, Steve.”
“I just… uh… you hadn’t asked…” Tony stuttered.
“Clint was a huge Captain America fanboy as a child…” Wand started.
“So what was so different with your childhood, Steve?’ Natasha asked.
“Anyway, I turned up on Clint’s doorstep later that day carrying everything I owned that mattered to me. He let me cry on him for a while, then told me I deserved better.”
“My childhood was highly unusual,” replied Steve. “I don’t think it should form a basis for this story.”
“Hey,” Clint protested, “I can be a force for good.”
He would not stay for me to stand and gaze.
“I didn’t wake you, did I?”
“Yeah, I need to get on that before someone else gets hurt.”
“Oh, Steve, that must have been…”
"You haven't seen a Valentine's party until you've seen the Valentine's party in Valentine." Steve laughed.
“I really don’t have anything to compare it to.”
“Why do you want me to wear a gold bow tie Steve?” Tony asked.
“Mostly other dragons, but every now and then an uppity human.” Steve nuzzled Tony’s side gently with a muzzle nearly the size of his human friend. “Let’s go inside and prepare for our guests.”
“I wouldn’t have minded you ruining our evening plans,” Wanda replied, “I’m not exactly looking forward to dinner with Crystal.”
“Oh, Hey!” Tony scrambled out from under Steve’s wing so that he was in the full light brought to Steve’s room by mirrors from one of his hidden windows. “What colors am I!” He twisted his long neck around, hopping eagerly from foot to foot while trying to get his wings to do what he wanted. He seemed to transition from what he would have called bright red to a rich yellow gold, with a rich, deep line of long black feathers along the edge of his wing, and the flight feathers along his back legs.
“Of all your girlfriends I like Natalie the best,” Wanda commented thoughtfully.
“Steve doesn’t like the X-men?”
“What?” Steve looked at him confusedly for a moment.
“Does it?”
“Shit.”
“I’ll keep that in mind.”
“Yeah, I, uh, don’t do that. Everything I need was shipped to Scranton and is just waiting for me to arrive.”
“You were expecting something more Jan van Eyck I take it?” Wanda replied, one eyebrow raised in question. “Would you prefer me to go change?”
“I’ve read about Purple Mountain Clan, and their refusal to change even as their old fishing spots no longer offer food enough for the clan. I’d have offered new ideas, been shot down, and become desperate to leave.” Tony added thoughtfully.
“Aww, Stevie…” the other blond mumbled. Then he sighed. “Are you cooking tonight, or should I order pizza?”
“Tony.”
“I’m too busy to cook,” Tony admitted. “Most people think that I live off of the fare from five star restaurants, but really its mostly fast food and smoothies for me.”
“He’s not my boyfriend.” Steve protested. “I’d do the same for anyone who was kidnapped.”
“Steve?” Tony asked.
“That can’t be true. I only work with the best materials out there.”
“I don’t want to drag all of you…” Steve began.
“Yeah. Steve’s basically our mom. He’s the only reason the rest of us aren’t in prison. He picked us up as strays and starting saying things like ‘Theft is not an appropriate way to get dinner’ and ‘Wanda’s really smart, we’re going to use the money we’re making to get her into college’ and then when Pietro said ‘With our family’s criminal record Wanda will never be able to qualify for any kind of assistance’ Steve said ‘We’ll pay for her tuition up front’. He’s kinda a genius about working things like that out. We insisted he get a degree too. He’s wasted running our crappy lives, ya know?”
“Popcorn and coffee coming up. Pick a dvd.”
“Change the medallion? That happens?” Tony asked.
The door above the garage lead into what was clearly a master bedroom. A pair of desks flanked the door and black dressers sat against each of the red side walls. The far wall was a soft gray, and the bed that rested against in sat on a black platform, white blankets and red comforted tucked in neatly. Red rose petals fell in a trail across the floor through the door way to what was obviously the master bath.
“It… wants to do what it was meant to do.” Steve said hesitantly. “And it can’t turn Phil into a dragon because he already is one. It destroyed those other humans because the other pieces of the artifact weren’t there to regulate its power and it didn’t have a proper bearer to direct it.”
“We’ll all go,” Wanda continued, “That way someone can get eyes on Tony, and everyone has someone watching out for them. We don’t know how much danger Tony is in, or how dangerous going after him might be.”
“It’s a famous poem!”
“Whenever there are big changes like a new elder coming to power, or a new lair on new lands, or even enough new blood lines joining a clan the medallion can be changed.”
“I could get hurt any day,” Steve shrugged. “Hanging out with you is worth it.”
“Sorry. Didn’t mean to wake you.” Tony mumbled, wishing he’d insisted on being taken to a hotel.
“And you lost everything, all at once.”
“So you want me to wait here while you go in and get…”
“Yes, but you aren’t going to be third wheel at a couples dinner.” Wanda retaliated.
“Tony.”
“You don’t even know me.”
“Yes.” Steve responded. “I think if want to wake Phil up, we need to find this one a proper bearer. I suspect he meant it for one of the two of you. Is one of you in love with him?”
“No Hospital.” Tony repeated firmly.
"I was driving to Scranton. We need to revamp our facility there if I'm going to..." Tony paused. He must still be pretty disoriented if he was going to discuss major business decisions with a complete stranger.
“Well, that’s certainly extravagant.”
“Well, I’ve been improvising, the further from the plan we get the more nervous I become.” Steve explained.
“You know how to fix one of these?”
“Four of us, five if you count Lucky.”
“And hopefully eggs soon.” Tony murmured, unable to resist the opportunity. Steve didn’t disappoint, fluffing up so dramatically that the red on his crest was visible. He forced his feather flat, then twisted his head around running his cheek along Tony’s, then down Tony’s neck in a way that made him shiver and fluff in turn. Steve hissed out a long word/phrase in draconic that Tony was pretty sure was an admonishment against flirting in front of the humans. Behind them someone nearly choked trying to restrain an amused trill.
“Ah,…. Um, …. I was just looking for the papers Nat asked you to look through,” Tony stuttered.
“What does it matter?”
of the events surrounding the rejection of its inheritor by a clan home started the first rustlings of unrest that I was aware of… though as I did my research I discovered that you had been causing unrest and questions from the day you were fledged.” Phil studied Steve quietly for a few moments after that.
“Not at all. I built this courtyard for you rowdies. Camp here as often as you like.” Dugan and the rest of the troop nodded, and headed off to the side of the courtyard with the fireplace to start setting their tents up along the northern wall as usual. Steve seemed to like the commandos, and he’d lead them for  awhile, but none had ever been inside Steve’s lair. As far as Tony was aware he was the only human who had ever been allowed inside Steve’s lair.
“Home.” It didn’t look like a home. It didn’t look like it had ever been remotely welcoming. Something about Steve had Tony picturing a lovely little suburban house with a white picket fence for his weird poly family to live in. Not this…
“So find yourself someone and make Pietro and Crystal go on a double date with you. Every time they get ridiculous or embarrassing you and your date can get more ridiculous and embarrassing. See how long it takes them to figure it out.” Natalie advised.
“Have you always been big for your age?”
“Not really. Pietro and Wanda like to angst over whatever the X-men are doing, but only when Steve isn’t around.”
“I’ve a couple of humans living here now too. You might see them running errands for me. It takes them longer to get places, but they don’t scare the local livestock the way I do."
“It’s OK to not be fine.” Steve soothed as he guided Tony to sit on the bed. “It’s OK to not like any of my ideas too, if that’s what you’re stressing about.”
“You don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want,” Tony murmured gently.
“So no Berthe Morisot or Marie Bracquemond either?” Steve asked
“Not unconscious anymore, how long have I been out for?” Tony interjected himself into the conversation.
“Tony can fence. That isn’t the type of fighting that squires are usually taught, but I would say everyone here is past their squire years.” Steve mused. “We just spent them very differently.”
“If I say yes?” Tony’s pitch swung high in a way that worried Steve even more.
“So we have two days to relax and plan. We can get to know each other, I can stock the lair up with food, and everyone can explore the lair. Nat, I noticed that you didn’t sleep in any of the existing rooms. What can I do to make the lair more comfortable for you?”
“If he goes out the front with the thing, he’ll see our van and know something is up.”
“I don’t want this room to be private, Tony. I don’t want a bigger bed so that it can be empty. I want those things so that I can share them with you. So that we can kiss and cuddle without asking one or more roommates to stay at the library until its closing time. So that we can be a little bit more energetic than a couch is likely to survive. I want to share this room with you, not keep it all to myself.”
“The white one with the flower wrapped balconies.”
“There’s a place downtown that is supposed to do a great breakfast.” Tony said once his teeth were brushed and the two were in the bedroom dressing. Tony’s morning routine was a bit more complicated than Steve’s so the blond sat on the bed to watch the show. “I ran out of time getting this place ready, but the kitchen appliances should be delivered today.”
“Tony,” Steve sat down on the bed next to him, cupping Tony’s face in both hands and kissing him, tenderly, gently. “The only way this could have gone wrong is if you said no.”
“I cannot believe that guy!” An unfamiliar female voice exclaimed as the door slammed open and the two men on the couch jolted back from each other, Tony spinning to see a rather ruffled looking Wanda, Pietro and strange blond woman spilling noisily into the room. “I can see not knowing that Purim is coming up, but not knowing Hanukkah is over?” The strange blond complained.
“Well, yeah. I mean, who else’s blessing was I going to ask for?” Steve asked.
“Ah, no. No.” Pietro stuttered in response. “You look great. Ready to go?” Wanda nodded and the two left, followed shortly by Clint and Natalie. Tony finished watching the last episode on his own and was still sitting there staring blankly at the menu screen when Steve rejoined him in the living room.
“Yes, exactly. I would go so far as to say everyone should have captain’s rings. If I am clan elder, then all four of you are reporting directly to me. Phil is captain of combat and training. Tony is captain of facilities and forging. Nat is captain of the watch,” Steve paused and glanced at her for confirmation. When she nodded he glanced over at Clint, “Which leaves Clint in charge of supplies. We don’t have anyone to head childcare, but that isn’t really an issue right now. If I’m going to have three rings, all of you get two.”
“You could have frozen to death. Someone once told me that sort of thing is bad for your heart.”
“Oh, ummm, I think the artifact piece I have, and the artifact piece he has are reacting to each other.” Steve commented thoughtfully. “I suspect the problem is that he wasn’t prepared to merge with it. I mean… He probably meant to use it rather than merge with it, and ended up doing both. My teacher told me never to try to use them unless all three are together and then killed himself using mine without any of the others around. They are supposed to glow when near each other, which is why I thought I could find the others.”
“Do you have anything else you want to pick up?” Steve asked as Tony clambered into the van.
"Pretty sure you can't" Steve said cheerfully. "Everything in Valentine has been booked for months."
“What’s wrong with him?” Tony asked quietly.
Phil returned that evening
“I… thought I was happy with Ty for a while… but he was kinda like Rachel in the not listening when I said no category.”
“No Steven, he is in your bedroom.” Steve blinked and sighed, heading for the bedroom stairs. What on earth could Tony be up to in the bedroom that would prompt Jarvis to call for him? The AI hadn’t mentioned any sort of emergency, so it was unlikely Tony had passed out in the tub again.
He thought to himself, it was a bit weird to do that after they'd already had sex, but here they were, having a nice dinner together nonetheless.
I thought you weren't feeling up to drinking." Bucky complained. Steve took a seat back down on the bed, feeling the soreness beginning to fade away after the initial shock.
Steve let out a long laugh, stopped himself, and then laughed again.
"Do you want me to?" He asked, his voice slightly breathy.
As Tony's voice came over the phone Steve had to sit in a pool of his own cooling cum and try to fight back tears over what he had just done.
"I don't even know if surgery's a fucking option." Steve muttered, mostly to himself.
"What's up? You look sad." Bucky commented while Steve flipped through the chairing audition material for the hundredth time. Auditions were in just over a month now and Steve was starting to get confident.
"What, no! You don't have to pay for my ticket." Steve protested and Tony just shook his head.
Tony looked like he didn't know what to do for a moment and then he knelt in front of Steve, putting a hand on his cheek and stroking ever so gently. "I'm sorry, please cum for me Steve, I want to watch you." Tony ordered, suddenly changing gears.
"Are you hungry? I can order food?" Tony suggested finally and took a seat on the bed next to Steve.
The struggle down the stairs and out onto the street was ridiculous and Tony was glad that at least in New York no one would give them a second glance as they stumbled towards the waiting cab. Steve gave his address in a glassy voice, like a beginner violin trying to play in fifth position.
"I'm gonna be straight with you Steve, this makes me kind of nervous. I don't know you very well so I don't know what your limits are, you obviously don't either, and you just want to put
"I don't want any of it. Not the-not the biting, I don't like that either. I don't like any of it, just-just normal." Steve was talking a mile a minute as he pressed himself up against the wall, slowly trying to get his breathing under control.
"We can, of course. I don't know if the paddle is a good idea though."
Steve let himself be pushed back onto the bed by Tony and glanced over to see a plastic ring and a ball gag on the bed. Steve raised and eyebrow but Tony just smirked and reached for the lube in his bedside drawer.
But Steve had felt so unfulfilled in his previous relationships, like he had been missing something in all the previous ones. He'd lamented for days over how to accurately voice all of his apprehensions to Tony, how to get the man to go along with what he'd wanted. Steve didn't even know if Tony actually wanted to pursue a relationship with him, maybe he'd just been being nice because Steve had been so out of it. However, something about it had felt more real than that, and Steve supposed he would never know for sure if he didn't give it a chance.
Tony looked like he wasn't going to speak for a moment, and then gathered his thoughts. "I was thinking of what we were going to do next time. I have an idea but it might be... Kind of extreme." He admitted and Steve felt his stomach turn at the words, but he forced himself to nod. "I just need your word before then, or the night of, it's important. You'll text me when we can see each other again?"
Tony pressed the knife against Steve's stomach and then pressed down, the cut flowering as he drug across.
"You're being very good for me tonight." Tony mused and Steve muttered around the gag. Drool dripped down his chin as he tried to speak and Steve moaned at the feeling of humiliation, not being able to control himself from drooling.
"Why don't we just set up on the couch and watch some TV?" He suggested and Tony nodded. He was drained right now, Steve could tell. He wondered if maybe Tony was feeling the same kind of drop that Steve had last night, his had just been put off since he'd had to take care of Steve. "I'm gonna put some pajamas on. Why don't you put those sweats on?" He motioned to the ones he'd shed on the floor, they were Tony's anyway.
"Steve slow down! Just sit down for a second. I'm sorry for bringing it up, that was shitty of me." Tony admitted as he came out of his office, but he retained his distance from Steve. Tony couldn't really tell why he was being so calm and soothing with Steve. If any of his other sexual partners had gotten up and turned tail before he'd gotten off he would have been pissed but Steve just seemed so conflicted, upset with himself even.
"Oh? Tell me what else Steve." Tony's voice sounded so authoritative, so incredibly domineering that Steve almost felt like he was going to get hard again, but he didn't, his cock still sat limply on his lap.
"I'm not exaggerating Tony." Is all he said in response.
Steve looked up at Tony in panic and began to speed up his hand.
his mind immediately told him, but the anxiety he'd felt for the rest of the night, the throwing up that had happened when he remembered Tony's exact words, told him that maybe they weren't lies. Steve couldn't consider that though, he became immediately sick at the thought of being deviant, of being
Tony cut Steve off. "Paying full price for an airline ticket for a cello is bullshit." Tony parroted the words that Steve had been constantly saying since last night.
"Your parents did the same thing?"
" he drew out the word and Steve felt like their were far to many people around them to be talking about things like this, he had to keep reminding himself that Tony was talking incredibly quiet, and that no one in New York really gave a shit what they were doing. "I think we need a word other than 'no' for you."
Tony nodded at his answer. "I can kind of relate to that." Tony responded and Steve's eyes perked up a little.
"Stay with me." Steve urged and Tony didn't think he could say no if he wanted to, he was utterly exhausted and pretty sure he'd left his door unlocked.
"Do you want me to swing by after I'm finished? I could walk you home, or you could come over to mine?"
"No I don't. I look normal." He retorted and Bucky frowned at him.
Back in the little corner where he'd been playing all night, Steve felt a little bit of tension leave his shoulders. He parents hadn't tried to seek him out since the music stopped, maybe they wouldn't try to talk to him. Hopefully they wouldn't.
"It's
"That's okay. Everything's fine." He said and pressed a soft kiss to Tony's forehead. "Do you have anything to do today?"
"Hey Steve! I didn't think I would be hearing from you again."
"How long do I have to wear the brace?" Steve questioned immediately.
Bucky looked like he wanted to press the issue more, but simply watched on as Tony and Steve awkwardly shuffled into Steve's room and then slammed the door. There was the immediate sound of an argument commencing outside the door, but Tony just ignored it in favor of laying Steve down on his bed.
But Tony knew that Steve had taken more than this, so the next his was harder.
making fun of Gamora, so, get this: our little baby Peter says: '
Steve repositioned them so that he was laying back on the couch and Tony was on top of him, in between his legs. "Damn pillow princess, you comfy?" Tony joked and leaned down to bite at Steve's jawline.
"Hey, you still at the clinic?" Steve asked, not bothering to keep his voice down as there was no way Bucky could hear him.
"I've said it before, I'll say it a million time-"
Steve didn't catch sight of Bucky or Clint again as he was traipsed out of the event hall. A few people tried to stop Tony to talk with him, but he made up different excuses for each person, who then eyed Steve with a flawed knowing look. When they were finally outside Steve was able to take a deep breath in the dimming light.
He floundered for a moment, not really sure how he was supposed to answer, and then he stammered and stumbled through his response. "Please Tony, I--I can't keep doing what I was doing... I need you to be,
It took a few minutes for Steve to get his breathing under control and Tony watched him carefully even as he put the paddle away and pulled out his other instrument. He stroked Steve's face gently as Steve steadied himself, his eyes wild and his face pale.
Steve returned the hug and pressed Tony's cheek against his shoulder, tucking his head under his chin. "No, not at all Tony. You only did what I asked." He assured.
"Is that all? You can drop by before we close and I'll have it waiting at reception for you." Tony said and Steve felt like he could hear disappointment in his voice. Steve panicked for a moment, trying to decide whether or not he should go forward with what he was planning on saying.
