John chuckled, leaning some weight on his foot and pulling away, “Best not keep her waiting,” he said and headed towards the kitchen.
!" John's leg gave a funny little twitch and he kicked the arm rest accidentally, bucking in the next second, almost sending Sherlock toppling over him as he groaned and hitched forward. “
time and he just chose to do it now.” Sherlock sighed, rubbing at his hair with one hand. “I suppose he’s also still sore because I let myself into his flat four weeks ago.”
“It’s fine,” John said, looking at Sherlock with an honesty he wasn’t expecting, and even a spot of humour. “It’s just… I thought you were married to your work.”
“You okay?” John whispered, lifting his shaky hand to wipe away a stray tear which had slipped down Sherlock's cheek. He leaned sideways into Greg for some stability and grounding, amazed and happy it had such a positive effect. Greg nosed at his fringe and stroked at some puffy mounds of Sherlock’s dark curls. “It's alright, we're here. Not going anywhere.” John tilted his head to look at Greg with a weak, loopy smile and gestured with his chin. “Lay down beside him and just touch him a little. None sexual areas, obviously. He… he needs a soft touch after something like this.”
well-being… but I just... I didn't expect it. Didn't think I'd come home to find a live turkey wandering around the living room. It's a bit of an odd situation, really. - Does
Orion continued to play with Sherlock’s hand and fingers, licking and biting them at various intervals before hopping up to lap at Sherlock’s cheek, happily energetic. John, that strong, warm weight at his side, chuckled as he did so, and crouched at Sherlock’s side to steal Orion’s attention again, stroking at his head and teasing the puppy.
John nodded and wandered to the fridge to fetch the milk but fell into a silence soon after, waiting for the kettle to boil. It was an odd silence, one that tickled up Sherlock’s spine, prompting a squirming fidget. Something was off. Something was teasing the edges of Sherlock’s awareness, promising him clues he was missing, things that needed to be found and addressed. John was hiding something from him.
...” John sneered and threw an arm out at the bird, startling her for a moment to back up into Sherlock's legs and then hop away, “All loose skin and weird hanging bits… it's like a feathery scrotum!” He turned his back on the turkey, on Sherlock, and picked up the shopping bags violently, starting to unpack the groceries. "They attack people too, did you know that?"
John jolted a little at the sudden impact, but after a confused glance his way he leaned back again, “The dog, how he’ll react to you, how you’ll react to him… having you as a partner.”
"Turn around, face the wall. Put your hands on it and spread your legs. I won't repeat myself a third time." John gave another smack of his hand in enjoyment and though he didn't look to see the skin in the semi-darkness of the room, he guessed it was a solid, throbbing red. His hand was starting to smart from the first impact. When there was still no movement, John hit him again, watched Sherlock's face contort with shocked and agonised pleasure, then took the upper hand and spun him around, kicking his legs apart and bending him at the waist until his cheek was against the cool wallpaper. "Always have to press your luck, don't you? Always have to misbehave. Always have to try my patience, twang at my last nerve!"
whether I answer or not?” he drawled with a quirking smirk, waiting until John put down his card before he smacked down his. “I propose another rule to the game - If we
It was a stress relief, a moment of madness, and one John didn't want to end. He used the hand on Sherlock's hip to rumple and yank and stroke up under Sherlock's shirt, fingers skimming across hot flesh and juddering muscle. He could feel the erection renewing against his stomach already, could feel the wetness of Sherlock's previous orgasm smearing and sinking against his skin. It was a heady mix. Tightening his hand in Sherlock's hair, John bit down hard on his bottom lip and drank in the reaction with rolling eyes, gorging himself on Sherlock's wet gasp as he arched his neck to pull his head back, pressing into John’s fingers tangled in his hair and dragging his lip through the gnawing grind of John’s teeth. He was all submissive, writhing enthusiasm, quickly perspiring and slicking against John’s wandering palm and pinching fingers. Sherlock’s nipples were pebbled and stiff, and according to his jolting breath-hitching reaction, very sensitive to any sort of touch, be it the pad of a thumb, or the scrape of a nail. Everything John did, soft, hard, rough, light, sent Sherlock thrashing in ardour. He didn’t struggle, he didn’t tell John to stop, and he didn’t let John let go.
With Sherlock’s back to the entrance, John was somewhat shielded from the cold and the rain by Sherlock’s body and his coat, but Sherlock’s wet head was getting the full brunt of it and John glanced up to see Sherlock grimace faintly and try to flick up his heavily soaked collar, water still dripping from his hair to track down the sides of his face and down his nose.
“I hope so,” Sherlock said instead of rebuffing the suggestion, bending forward so Orion could lap at his cheek again. He took the stick and gave it one more throw. “Let’s walk.”
After another second or so of John staring him down, Sherlock huffed, glanced skyward with exaggerated frustration and then wiggled his bowl, admitting defeat, “
He saw John and Mrs Hudson sharing a look from his peripheral, but then John shook his head, scooping up the last of his pudding, “You really outdid yourself, Mrs Hudson,” he said. “Thank you so much for lunch.”
“That’s not why,” John told him and leaned in, twisting at his handful of curls so he could rest his elbow on the headrest and pull Sherlock’s head back further. He then brought one knee up to stabilise himself, crushing a number of decorating bows, and dragged his touch down to Sherlock’s navel, to the hair beneath. John was shaking, was too hot, too hard, too hyped up by it all. He wanted to kiss Sherlock, to taste him, to push him down onto the sofa and grind, push, rub his own cock against his. Wanted to do a lot more than watch. “Give yourself a
He snapped at Mrs Hudson when she came up to say goodnight and then sulked into the shower, too tired and irritable to even have a quick one off the wrist. Even the feeling of the water felt wrong, felt annoying. Shampoo somehow got into his eye. The conditioner bottle was empty. His feet slipped against the bottom. The towel fell to the floor before he could reach and grab it. Everything that could aggravate him, did, and he was grinding his teeth and seething with a red-eye and tensing, aching muscles by the time he was done. It didn't take long before he just gave up on the day entirely and was muttering goodnight to Sherlock, heading up to his bedroom to crash, naked and still damp onto his bed. Collapsing into a dead sleep only moments later.
,” John warned when the tingling in his abdomen extended and burnt hotter, expanding inside him as his orgasm got nearer, as Sherlock swallowed him further down his throat, controlling his gag reflex impressively. He quickly gave Sherlock's hair a sharp tug. “You're
Humming loudly in response, loud enough to send waves of vibrations throughout his pelvis, Sherlock took one of John’s hands and slipped it into his hair, eyelids fluttering at the simple motion, jaw opening wider, breath coming in harder. John carefully tangled his fingers into those curls, those waves, stroking gently before using his grasp on them to push and pull Sherlock on and off his cock, slowly at first, teasingly so, letting himself catch and drag over his teeth with the lightest, gentlest of movements, then quicker, finding the sound of Sherlock's lips closing over him, his tongue slurping under him, violently stimulating. Sherlock let out muffled moans, swallowing, enjoying the pressure that John was putting on his follicles. He writhed on his knees, trousers tight over his own eagerness, his own straining, growing length, and John stared down at it for a moment, at how Sherlock’s hips undulated, and quivered. Loving every moment, every sensation. Sherlock was wearing dark trousers, but even they couldn’t hide the dampening spot of pre-ejaculate, the twitch of his confined crotch. It must have hurt, just a little, with nothing between his bare, hot, hardened skin and the cold stiffness of his zip. Sherlock didn’t wear underwear much, John knew, didn’t have anything else beneath his trousers, nothing but warm, pale skin, now probably red with arousal and sticky slick.
knows,” Sherlock replied through his hitching breath, crooking his fingers to signal John over, closer, and holding onto his robe when he was within touching distance. “Apart from…
me. Completely blank me,” Sherlock found himself rambling in a self-conscious mutter. “It makes sense. He knows
commendable,” John mumbled, though softened as he looked Sherlock over and took a moment to calm himself, to try and see it from Sherlock's perspective, tried not to let his horrid mood spoil something that was actually quite adorable if he thought about it properly. Smiling at Sherlock, John turned and sighed with a gentle nod. “Yeah. It's lovely that you've saved
?” John asked, confusion twisting his face as he stared at Sherlock quizzically through the darkness, eyes already adjusting enough to let him pick out the man's features, his stunned and frozen expression. “You... look like you've just jizzed your pants…”
“Merry Christmas!” John called from the sink but remained where he was. Probably to allow Mrs Hudson to reveal her secrets.
"We need your statements, Sherlock," Greg sighed, walking past the office stalls in the pit, clearly determined to get to the coffee machine considering how deep those circles were under his eyes. "The sooner you do it, the sooner everyone can go home."
“He...he does?” Sherlock blinked again, shivering from John’s subtle perfect affection. “Well...that’s...that’s...good…”
?” Sherlock huffed, glancing at John, at the flush on his cheeks, at the small, tilted smile on his face, and felt his heart ache.
Puffing out a laboured exhale, wrapped within a spectacular mewl, Sherlock shimmied in a wanton fidget and flicked his pleading gaze between them, “John…
. You are the only one left. The last. The one I'm struggling to even imagine what it is you may want. You are the one that I've just... got
,” John replied, settling in his own chair and leaning forwards, elbows on his knees. “What is it? Tell me?”
Enthusiastic, Sherlock nodded and let himself be rolled onto his side, his legs positioned, breathing heavily, “
“Have breakfast, I suppose,” Sherlock replied with a loose shrug, trying to calm his still racing heart as he reached for his tea and retreated to his chair. “And Mrs Hudson will need to be told - I’ll leave that to you.”
?” Sherlock suddenly snapped, waving one of his arms at the small space the cave provided, and then shuddering involuntarily. “You’ve taken up the only space available!”
John repeated the movement again and again and again, listening to the chorus of moans, and started a slow, gentle rhythm that rapidly became harder and deeper, faster and rougher. Taken by the motion and the fiery need to have, to take, John fucked to the broken, hoarse and then whimpering sounds of Sherlock’s building passionate mania, his long fingers going into spasm against his bowed spine as he knocked and hit his forehead into the wall. There was a moment where he lifted his head, trying to twist and rest his cheek, his chin, against it, but John’s increasing thrusts made it difficult. Sherlock didn’t complain though. Not even when, on one particularly strong snap of John’s hips, he almost fell into the solid surface entirely. He only made low, encouraging sounds, crying out and shuddering whenever John came into contact with his prostate a bit too long, a bit too vigorously, a bit too often. His toes clenched deep into the carpet.
,” Sherlock replied curtly. “That’s what this is about…” He looked away and then shuffled, glancing back from under his lashes. “You make it far more complicated than it has to be. - I know it’s… a tad awkward, but there
cleaning it up,” he said, removing himself from Sherlock's embrace to open the cupboard under the sink cupboard for some marigold gloves, bleach and paper towels, handing them over.
Shimmying down, he winced a little when his own stiff cock was bent awkwardly against his stomach but soon forgot the slight inconvenience when he reached his destination and eyed Sherlock's pretty shaft. He was a grower, sitting un-intimidating, soft, and inoffensive against the darkness of Sherlock's pubic hair. John swallowed the saliva that had pooled in his mouth at the sight, at what was to come, and gently pecked a tiny kiss to Sherlock's pelvis before he began to litter the short length of him.
John, meanwhile, kept a tight hold of his hand, even when they started getting sweaty, his face set in a relaxed smile as they walked down the streets of London. He smiled brighter occasionally, usually at Orion when he did something John considered funny, but every so often it would just blossom without any obvious reason, followed by a firm squeeze to Sherlock's fingers.
… I don’t… I don’t think I can last for that long,” Sherlock confessed with a wince of humiliation, eyes fluttering up with each new long reverent stroke that John made. "Now is
“Sit,” Sherlock told him, laughing when Orion ignored him with a whine, body taut and tail wagging. “Orion, sit.
“All right, Mrs Hudson!” Sherlock shouted back at her with a brief glare, wanting the moment between John and himself to last as long as possible.
..." John moaned in agreement and fiddled with his trousers, managing to get the flies open moments before he restlessly pulled them down along with his boxers, bending slightly to shimmy and kick them from his ankles and feet, taking one of Sherlock's nipples in his mouth in the meantime.
for that Mrs Hudson,” he said, hoping she wouldn't quite catch his sarcasm. “Right, I best go and try and lure him out then, shouldn’t I? With the promise of tea and biscuits.”
John nodded back with a faint tip of his head and then got up, starting to hum to the tune of Jingle Bells again before he caught himself and covered his mouth, “
, I’ll give him that. Same loyalty. Same expressive eyes. And this way, this way he won’t feel as guilty when he does leave, and it’ll give us a reason to...to see one another because he won’t come over otherwise, not when he’s off having a life
The radio station began to play Bach, and John felt Sherlock turn his head, straining to listen to the familiar strings of the cello. John thought perhaps he'd spotted a tightening of Sherlock's eyes as he leaned back up slightly, a memory flashing in his mind, a clingy passing emotion, a raise and churn of nostalgia, and wondered what that meant, what was going on in that glorious head of his. The music was dark and sad, seemed to wrap and coil around them in the semi-quietness of the flat, creating a bubble of fluctuating ambience as John continued to adorn Sherlock's face and hair with his fingers, petting lightly, lovingly.
Sherlock arched an eyebrow and then leaned down, a fluttering rush of sudden flirtatious mischievousness taking over his face, “Do
“Don’t patronise me,” Sherlock grumbled, shifting away and shivering as his growing erection slid along John’s thigh. There was a sudden bloom of heat where Sherlock’s cheeks pressed against John’s neck before he lifted his head, avoiding eye contact and turned to stare over John’s shoulder with blushing cheeks and a twisted mouth.
. - She’s quite clever. Kept escaping apparently. That's why I couldn't do it. She had too much character. Far too much.”
“...Good…” Sherlock repeated, mouth dry, voice tight. He watched John’s posture deflate, saw when the spark from his gaze left, and witnessed the dropping of his shoulders. He stared and stared and stared and then everything fell from his hands, fluttering to the floor with a snapping flash of paper, and Sherlock closed the distance between them before he knew he’d moved at all. His hands reached, cradling John’s face, pulling him in, completely out of his control as they guided a startled John closer. Sherlock took a sharp, gasping inhale through his nose, surprised at himself, and found himself leaning in and kissing John soundly on the mouth.
“I know, John,” Sherlock whispered and tried to fight his gathering tears, hating his body’s reactions, hating the raw emotional wound that never seemed to heal. “Orion
John’s lips twitched imperceptibly higher for a fraction of a second but then all Sherlock could focus on was the way John’s eyes flicked down to his lips before he started to lean closer. Head full and heart bursting at the seams, Sherlock held his suddenly panting breath and met him halfway. He felt as if he were melting. So hot he were liquefying into a dribbling heap as they got nearer, body heat melding, nose tips touching. They kissed, once, then twice, until John carefully cupped his steady, loyal, reliable hand at Sherlock’s nape and kissed him differently, mouth supple, eager and sultry. The kiss was deeper and longer than the others, but just as tender, just as sweet, and Sherlock revelled in it, eyes rolling up in bliss.
“Ah. That’s not as bad as I was fearing,” Sherlock told him, looking back up at John and giving him the mildest smile that he could muster, hoping it looked better than it felt. His eyes fell to John’s mouth and he dragged them to his chin instead. “Thank you, John. I...didn’t expect anything like this, clearly, and I
John shifted, desperate for some friction and Sherlock hissed in sensitivity. John’s hand, still resting against Sherlock’s back, shifted to between them, “Fuck. Sorry, I need… Sherlock, please…”
!" Sherlock snorted, face more red than pink now, and leaned into him, hiding into the crook of John’s neck.
“Do you want some pyjamas, by the way? I can get some from upstairs if you like? I normally just sleep in my pants.” John looked down at Sherlock, face slack and eyes glazed. “He sleeps nude. Of course.”
. No, I… it's nothing about the type of ribbon. I just… I don’t know how to process this, how to respond,” John replied with a short laugh, taking in the pretty picture that Sherlock made. The placement of each bow. How his pale skin looked in contrast to the multi-coloured ribbons that surrounded him, that clung to certain parts of him, that lay before him. “I know that we… that we’ve done… that we do
“John can always get you something. He’s our personal doctor, don’t forget. He can write a prescription for
"Yes you are," Sherlock rumbled and tugged the waistband under John's buttocks with one quick tug, lifting a challenging eyebrow when John tensed. Slowly, Sherlock then untied the sash to his dressing gown. “I like this view of you…”
Greg’s brow crumpled in a mixture of bemusement and scepticism, and he spluttered on his current gulp, getting coffee down his chin, “Doubtful,” he coughed, catching the worst of his spillage on his fingers to suck off.
?” Sherlock questioned, looking at the silly, thin plastic fish and picking it up between his fingers to lay it on his palm again. The same thing happened, the same movement of the head and tail, and he huffed, grabbing for John’s hand to put it back down on his palm.
“I've never done it before,” John disclosed quietly, shuffling his cards without looking, nervous and stupidly timid. “With a
Greg nodded and came to sit on the sofa opposite him, waiting for his coffee to cool a little before taking a sip. “… Does he know?”
Sherlock blinked at John’s tone, taking a step backward, and adjusted his scarf, “Um. Right...” he mumbled. He went silent after that for so long that John felt his eye twitch, his face heat, and twirled to find a taxi, to walk away, to just
worth it… most of the time,” John replied, following Sherlock awkwardly and trying not to step on his toes, “And we need the money. It keeps us in biscuits and bleach. Without my wage we'd be eating pot noodles for every meal.”
In no time at all, both were naked together, and John let ate up the dishevelled and salacious vision that was Sherlock Holmes' nude body. His eyes skimmed across his coquettish posture, his broad chest, his lean abdomen, his canted hips, his muscled legs, his flexing toes, and then his curved, darkly flushed, slightly engorged cock before he pounced for another kiss. He grasped hold of the still growing, hardening shape of him, loving the hot, thick and still wet feel of it in his hand. The previous ejaculate only served to increase John's arousal. He moaned, seizing Sherlock's thigh with his other hand and avidly urging the taller man to wrap it around his waist and situate his lanky body so that they were at the right height to rub and rut together.
“Though I suppose they have a lot of security in places like that,” John mused, glancing out the window.
Sherlock coughed out a small laugh and slowly stood back up, arranging and then rearranging the papers, eyes drawn to the photo once more, “Who told you to do this?” he asked, clearing his throat and giving it a wave. “How did you...decide to...do this for me?”
John couldn’t help but smile timidly, well aware that he was beyond average in both girth and length, especially for his stature. His other sexual partners had shied away from taking him all, and he certainly had never been allowed to do anal sex with a partner, until Sherlock, of course. His eyes had lit up the first time he’d seen, immediately impatient to have it inside him. John hadn’t been sure if he would ever fuck anyone else again after such delights as having Sherlock on all fours with himself fully sheathed inside. It had been heaven. Addicting and worth repeating for as long as he was able.
Running his moist thumb across Sherlock's cupid's bow, John then drew it up his cheek, quivering bodily, swaying forward and rolling his waist, “Yeah.
"Well, I thought we could either start slow," John replied, running his fingers over the back of Sherlock's hand, "learning how to sleep together, kissing in bed, perhaps some...
Sherlock was shuddering in arousal when John looked up at him, face, chest and stomach a mottled, dark pink, “
. So scared. She was brilliant and sexy and clever. She was everything I looked for, everything I wanted, she was just my type and well out of my league, so we stayed friends." He exhaled and glanced into his drink again, tilting his head as he reminisced. "I helped her through her break-ups, through heartbreak and rejection. I held her as she cried over the death of her parents. Held her hair back when she was ill. I went to her house all the time. Watched films when she didn't feel like socialising and, when she did, I was there for that too. There when she needed me… it took some time. Years and years. Blind years. But suddenly I realised that we were
“It’s the closest to the angels that we’ll ever get,” continued the figure, a dark head tipped down to the baby. “You both don’t seem to understand yet, I’m dead anyways.”
There was something in Sherlock’s deadened tone with his typical ‘Oh’ whenever there was a possible breakthrough that concerned John. He knew something was wrong when he turned his head, glancing over Sherlock’s side profile. A small flash of vulnerability on Sherlock’s face disappeared when the DI joined them. But John saw it. He recognized that look. It was the same from the swimming pool, when Sherlock had thought he was Moriarty for a brief second. Thinking about it, triggered the ghostly scent of chlorine, sending the first traces of heat and sweat down his spine. It was very similar to the look he had when he gave John his supplies days ago but not quite. It was the look that could be fixed on a child’s face when they recognized the monster underneath their bed and it was real. It could hurt them. Kill them.
And Moriarty sank to the bottom of the pool with a grin on his face. Almost challenging John to follow and complete his mission.
“You were flirting with me at Angelo’s all those years ago, not a difficult leap from there. Trusted you would get there eventually.”
His head throbbed in complaint as he lifted his head, stirring into full consciousness. The last thing John recalled was being attacked inside Mrs. Hudson’s flat, kicked, and blacking out, leaving Sherlock sleeping upstairs.
A/N: Hello all. To warn I did use some Season 4 dialogue but I think it's hidden well enough not to reflect the scene that it came from, not that it was a bad scene in the show- it's one of my favorites actually. In this case, the scene is different, so it has a different context. There's also small references to other Sherlock Holmes works. You know what, ignore me. Read it. I hope all of you enjoy reading this chapter as much as I enjoyed writing it. Please leave comments/kudos and/or bookmark. Until next time. A special thanks to my beta: whitehart and everyone else who looked over this chapter.
The door banged opened, rattling the frame and shooting the earsplitting crash down the corridor. John whirled on the man in the doorway. “What the hell, Sherlock?”
John immediately grabbed at Sherlock’s shoulders when the detective seemed to have zoned out. Or into himself, by the looks of it. Eyes were open, vacate as if Sherlock retreated into his mind place without having to make a sulk of it on the sofa. Carefully, John navigated Sherlock backwards, aiming to hit the back of Sherlock’s legs on the edge of the bed. The taller man seemed to revive from the gentle impact of his bum landing on the bed. John stared down at Sherlock when he inhaled sharply. His hands firmly kept Sherlock sitting down when the detective tried to stand.
A/N: Warning infant loss is in this chapter and I'm adding it to the tags. Season 4 really did a number on me. As I've mentioned before, this is my "therapy" for it. Thanks ya'll for the kudos/bookmarks/comments. Again- this chapter was beta-ed by englandwouldfalljohn(TheLadyAmalthea).
“Both victims were first years taking general education courses. We’ll follow their schedules and investigate their classrooms.”
Venturing up to his room, John dressed quickly in his usual jumper and jeans combination. Sherlock was waiting for him at the base of the stairs with his coat. John avoided looking at the detective’s mouth, remembering the feel of that mouth against his. Instead, he nodded at Sherlock in thanks, not trusting his voice. The coat felt lopsided when he slipped it on. John plucked the familiar metal from the pocket, casting a look at Sherlock before tucking his gun away underneath his white cable jumper. He followed after Sherlock as the taller man went down the second staircase.
He tucked his mobile away in his pocket. John didn’t quite know what to do with himself now. Standing in the kitchen, staring at Sherlock like he was a piece of art wasn’t an option. He quickly worked on his shirt, buttoning up to hide the white vest underneath. John did want something. He wanted to ask Sherlock. The question nagged through in the air, much like a large elephant in the room. John noticed something amiss when he watched the detective fiddle with the microscope knobs, looking into the scope.
Sherlock snorted, “Yes, and I suppose it’s not good for other delicate sensibilities out there, is it? Time of death?”
The heat of Sherlock’s hands burned onto his bare hips, holding him still and the insufferable clothes out of the way. Then Sherlock did something absolutely fantastic with his mouth.
Sherlock shook his head and pulled his mobile from his coat. “Not necessary, I will inquire information for every two hours from Lestrade.”
John clicked his tongue, and shook his head with his arms cross in front of his chest. “You wanted more, Sherlock. We are going to do this my way.”
John let out a breathless giggle as he navigated underneath the covers, feeling his exhaustion. “No, no. Good. Definitely good, but considering we came in our own pants, maybe not ideal.”
“Unless what?” questioned Lestrade from the doorway. He took occupation on John’s empty side, looking down at the body. “You got something?”
John’s hands went to Sherlock’s hands on his belt. Then he paused. He arched his eyebrows at the detective, who might have been having a staring contest with his trousers. John wasn’t sure. Sherlock had said he wanted to go to bed, together… perhaps he had changed his mind. There’s way no way to guess what was on that brilliant man’s mind.
The room fell silent. John couldn’t help but to think that Sherlock was wrong. It didn’t happen often, but it still happened. The man’s motivation eventually turned into wanting control of his life, of his marriage but it stemmed from love. Only out of the deepest of loves, can the deepest of hate fester into a bleeding wound. The love for his wife, and her betrayal festered into him taking three lives, a mistake that he will probably have to pay for with his life. Somewhere in there, maybe, just maybe, the man was still in love with her despite everything.
The radio in Lestrade’s hands squawked, tinny voices relaying the other car was ten minutes out. John’s gaze flickered from the radio, back up, to staring down at his friend. He nodded towards the townhouse.
His hands balled at his side. A blush crossed his face. He wasn’t twelve years old anymore; he should be able to control his emotions when dealing with attractive people, especially with Sherlock. Besides, Sherlock wasn’t his in that way…only his best friend, flatmate, and sometimes a rather infuriating overgrown man-child that relegated into his care so he didn’t do anything stupid. He didn’t have any claim to the other man. Or to the pale skin that he’d rather see lying across his bed for the first time than in a classroom. But he had no right to it. No right to think of it. His life was easier when he ignored his attraction or was blissfully unaware of it.
John inhaled, cringing at the awful twist of his stomach to fresh air, even if the two bodily organs didn’t necessarily relate to one another. Sherlock’s snappish voice barked at the other voices as they moved away from the dreadful scene. Sherlock guided him down the stairs until he had managed to rebuild himself, but his leg still wasn’t having it. Dimly, he recalled still having a death grip on Sherlock’s arm while answering Lestrade’s questions.
The thought of going to the clinic started him worrying all over again. Sherlock had been getting high for two months every time John had to work. He didn’t know if he would seek out another fix while he was gone. Turning back to Molly, John spoke. “Look, could you text me if Sherlock leaves? I’m thinking that he’ll be busy, but it’s Sherlock, so it’s hard to say.”
, I have no intentions of dating for a while,” John promised with an eye roll, feeling a headache coming on, and shrugged at Greg's sceptical eyebrow twitch. He moved with his own beer to pace, slowly, shortly, to the fireplace and back. “I found that I wasn't really
Grinning, happy to have his way, Sherlock took out the buck’s fizz for her but turned to the cupboard quickly, “Christmas or not, you need to get the best out of meals, you need everything to compliment each other. The food, the wine, the sauces, the desserts.” There was a bottle of Merlot in the cupboard, a semi-decent one, probably a present from someone going by the bucks fizz, though it wasn’t quite the quality he would have liked. It would have to do though, as there was nothing else.
John looked down at the elbow with raised eyebrows, but he chuckled and slipped his arm through, “You’re a
“I thought you might have been... somewhat offended,” John answered quietly, allowing Sherlock to touch and divest him of his outerwear, even when he shouldn't, when he needed to distance himself to think properly, to calm down. He was already half hard. Already fighting to keep from doing more than kissing. “I thought you might have assumed they were belittling you or taking the piss.” He found himself abruptly cupping Sherlock's cheek and moved to the corner of his mouth, lips touching with every exhale. “I didn't... didn't want you to feel
Sherlock’s cheeks got even redder, “You’ve done the former only once and you’re not very talented with the latter, therefore neither are scream-worthy,” he shot back.
Sherlock played on request for the next fifteen minutes, swapping between Mrs Hudson’s and John’s requests with a splash of his own interests, at which point Mrs Hudson rose from her seat, saying she had to check on the duck. Thankful for the pause, Sherlock gave her brief shrug, trying not to show how fatigued he felt already. It seemed his transport needed to sleep.
“It is,” John replied quickly, patting Sherlock’s knee and then looking everywhere but at Sherlock as he tried to will away his own growing erection. “It’s…okay.”
. - How far away from here were they?” he demanded and turned to sprint and skid into the living room, hopping to the window where he peered out with narrowed, searching eyes. After a second of stunned silence from John, Sherlock yanked shut one of the curtains and pointed at him. “
He didn’t know how to feel. At the beginning of their search there was panic, worry for the baby, and the mother of his child. There was also this nagging at the back of his head though, a sense of relief that he didn’t have to be with someone who shot his best friend, even if it was for his own protection, or whatever reasoning Sherlock had used. He didn’t have to deal with Mary, who had a dark hidden past on a flash drive that he burned away in the fireplace. He didn’t have to lie when he said that he would accept her. He didn’t have to lie and keep Sherlock away because he didn’t trust his wife not to shoot his best friend again. His own lies had him feeling guilty that his marriage fell apart and that he desired to have Sherlock in his life. Regardless of promising Sherlock that his married life wouldn’t change their friendship, it had.
then. We balance work life with domestic life and balance friendship with...” John trailed off, throat closing up guiltily at the obvious lie and winced, glancing into Sherlock's face, at his tightened lips and tense smile. "Well, it's... it's, uh, it's getting there... at least?"
“Not for long. She likes you. You’re the nice doctor who keeps the mad detective in check,” Sherlock assured him as he took a bite, holding out the remaining piece to John. “Here. Payment. Don’t say I don’t thank you.” John regarded it, his hands still full of paper, then opened his mouth. It was what couples did. What he’d done with others. What Sherlock had seen a thousands times in sappy films and TV shows. Sherlock stared at him, stomach in sudden, flipping knots, and slowly pressed the biscuit against John’s bottom lip, teeth and tongue, “Good?”
say what I’m apparently ‘supposed’ to say,” Sherlock retorted, feeling too hot and too breathless. He wanted to close the distance between them, needing to be sure, needing to look at him properly, and hating how far away John was, hating how he was rendered, once again, brainless by something John had done, had said.
“Y-yeah?” John asked, feeling his heart rate flutter, pleasure increased ten fold by the mental images alone, “A-And your voice. I like your voice.”
“Fancy a game of cards?” John asked, smiling tightly as Sherlock popped his head up from behind his laptop screen. “We can gamble?”
cherish him. I do love dogs. Quite a lot. Actually, I love animals in general. If I had to choose between spending time with animals or spending time with people, I’d pick animals every time.”
John shrugged, meeting Sherlock's spiteful eye and raising an eyebrow, “Didn't realise you were so eager to share the arrangement with our friends though,” he intoned, keeping their gazes locked as he turned his head to play Sherlock at his own game and finally, finally, get it off his chest, “We've been sleeping together for a few months. Not a relationship, we're not a couple, we just occasionally share orgasms.”
Nodding, Sherlock ducked his head, avoiding eye contact once more, “Yes. Right. I know that. Bit not good,” he mumbled.
With a laughing scoff, Sherlock ran a hand through his hair, tugged at the collar of his coat, and then stepped back inside, “No,” he said blankly, shutting the door, leaning against it and smiling a twisted, tensed, hurt, and somewhat condescending smile. It slipped off his face slowly, leaving the man seeming impassive. Greg knew better.
Sherlock gratefully hid his face against her sweet smelling neck, “You were right,” he whispered to her as she enveloped them.
“I have a good side?” Sherlock questioned dazedly, turning with an instinctive need to press into the touch, wallowing in the drag of John’s palm against his nose. The skin smelt of gingerbread.
Crouching, Sherlock took Orion’s head in his hands, smoothing the side of his soft, fluffy, furry face with his thumbs, smirking when he was given a shower of licks and excited, loving snuffles in response, “I’ll be able to catch you,” he put out there with an arched eyebrow. “I’m
"Oh, I wasn't thinking Chinese this time," John told him, looking down at his face and feeling his heart ache strongly in affection. It felt good to be close to Sherlock, to be touching his hair again, to see the pretty flush of colour working its way across his cheekbones. "I was thinking Indian tonight... or Thai maybe?”
,” John laughed, “And secondly, why can't you seethe and sizzle over these petty things in your head, for once? Fill a room in that palace of yours with all the things wrong with all the things I like, then set it on fire and start again. Give you something to do! Is it
John gave a watery smile and leaned in to kiss Mrs Hudson on the cheek. For a moment, ludicrously feeling like was giving away the kiss he had shared with Sherlock, like he had rubbed it onto Mrs Hudson's skin, before he pushed the thought away and walked her to the door, giving her a jaunty wave. Once she was down the first two steps, John closed the door behind him, slumping against it and rubbing his face. Why was everything so bloody difficult? Why couldn't they work out whatever the hell was going on between them in private and easily? Straightening his spine and pushing back his shoulders, John took a deep inhale and headed into the living room.
“...No,” John heard himself whisper, looking into Sherlock’s face as he lay in John’s bed, utterly naked. “But I will..” He took a minute to absorb the sight, to watch Sherlock’s mood change, lips pursed, and then he got out of bed, changed, made a quick sandwich for himself, and left.
“He may not come back if called—Will he? If he makes a run for it, I’m pretty sure I can catch him, but I’d rather not go darting after a misbehaving puppy,” Sherlock said uneasily, petting Orion’s head and eyeing the park, gaze scanning the amount of people scattered around, some hidden by trees or relaxing on benches. There were some other dogs, small breeds mostly from what Sherlock could see, though he could hear there were others and knew that the park often allowed all kinds of dogs.
“Get these off,” John ordered, though quickly found himself too impatient, too frustrated with the wait to allow Sherlock the freedom and time to strip, and so grabbed at his clothes piece by piece. Tugging and roughly throwing Sherlock's quickly freed shirt to one side and then ripping Sherlock's sodden trousers down his hips, his long bent and shaking legs, and kicking them away.
John gave a curt nod downward where their two erections pressed lazily together, “Would you believe it’s just circumstances and biology?” John’s hips twitched forward seeking friction and John swore, “Shit, sorry.”
“I was glad you came,” John said honestly, pulling out his house keys and slipping them in the lock, turning with a twist. The knocker was still skewed, that was a good sign. “Didn't really know anyone else except Mike and appreciated the company.” Pushing open the door, John motioned with a nod of his head to the interior and gave a welcoming smile, expecting the Inspector needed more comfort, more familiarity than the stale flat he'd been forced to move into. John knew how that felt. Knew what it was like being stuck in a trite environment with nothing but dark thoughts drowning every moment. “Coming up for a coffee?”
John walked and placed a hand on his lower back, holding it as steady as he could while the rest of him trembled, “I didn't know she was going to do
,” John admitted, ensuring his voice remained steady and none judgmental, “but I didn't know if there had been anyone –
Greg pursed his lips and collected his mug again, sinking into the sofa to sip at it for a few moments. He had a weak moment… or twenty… but that wasn’t the point. “Sometimes I wonder if you’ve ever grown up.”
“Mm - Too tired. Can we just hug... for a minute?” John asked, trying for a dramatic playful sigh but instead moaning softly, wantonly, enjoying the warmth and proximity of Sherlock before he shimmied his trousers down to his ankles. Sherlock held him as he stepped out of them, using his left foot to stand on the fabric so he could pull his right foot out, and then he kicked them aside. "This... this is good. Nice... I, uh, I like a hug or two, you know?"
“Sherlock,” John sighed, “would I have bought a dog for you, someone who lives in the same flat as I do, if I didn’t want it?”
John hummed and stepped closer, slowly rising onto his toes and pressing closer before their lips met in a brief, soft, loving kiss, “I’m glad you did.”
!” he snapped seconds later, pushing past and yanking down the mistletoe that had been above them as he went, leaving John swaying in his doorway, the echoing tingle of Sherlock’s soft, warm, moist mouth still radiating through him.
“No,” Sherlock forced out in a strained mutter, temples sweaty and arms tensing, every muscle stiff and juddering. He glanced up at Greg for a second, pupils massively dilated and lips parted, and clenched his toes in anticipation, body tight, still painfully close to toppling over into a blinding rush of pleasure. Greg stared back at him, calmly wild with power. Gulping noisily and taking a gasping breath, Sherlock relented all at once and submissively bared his throat, seeming altogether very tipsy and willing. “
When he put the pen down Ryan took up all the sheets of paper and checked things on his computer before tearing a copy to the forms for John to fold away into his pockets, "Now that's all done I'll just fetch a few things and get Judith to bring Orion out." He picked up the phone, typing in a number. "If you'd like to take a seat?" John nodded and led Sherlock towards the chairs in the waiting room nearby.
sorry. I didn't mean to make you sad." He bestowed a kiss between Orion's ears and rested his cheek on top of his head.
” John responded, agreeing at least that Sherlock did look rather happy for once in his picture, he just wished it wasn't right where his privates were supposed to be. “Oh that Mrs Hudson, she's a right –
“We’ll take a detour through the park to the shop,” Sherlock announced, giving his phone another glance just to make sure, and waiting for Orion to come back with his nature giving toy before throwing it ahead for them to walk toward.
“That was…” Greg whispered, caught in the quiet, intimate moment as he swayed between closing the distance again and leaning back. He chose, after a tingling and anticipating few seconds, to lean back and blinked, passing his tongue over his bottom lip with a thoughtful frown. “Not as bad as I thought—Not that I thought you were going to be a bad kisser, John. Just… you know…
... so easy get... get wrong, you know?” John whispered, feeling his cock beginning to plump up, his skin becoming sensitised to every caress, every breath, every prickle of goosebumps and erecting hairs. “It's good though… it feels good. -
myself ejaculate,” Sherlock returned, arching a conceited eyebrow and sighing as if it was a great burden to have such a conversation. Greg choked on another sip of coffee and Sherlock gave John a mean smile. “I am in
“We could still open a bottle of wine too, if you like? I think we have a red… and Mrs Hudson will probably have a bottle of white, if you'd prefer that. I'm not working tomorrow so we could enjoy ourselves,” John continued, watching his own fingers sink and swirl and tangle within Sherlock's curls, enraptured by it now that he had the time to indulge, to fuss, without having his mind focused on other things. He found and stroked a small scar by Sherlock's ear, pondering the reason for its existence for a second, and then spread his fingers to envelop Sherlock's hot scalp, wanting to inspect more in a weird thrill of exploration.
“Yes,” Sherlock answered, finding the sudden subject change abrupt but needed. He gave a quick glance down at their lightly brushing knees and pushed their legs closer together, wanting their thighs to touch at the very least. Peering at John from the corner of his eyes he grinned, trying to distract as he inched nearer. “I’m not terribly fussy, you know that.”
, not other people,” John told him, standing to take his and Greg's mugs into the kitchen, swapping them for two bottles of beer. They needed something stronger than coffee for this. “Listen, stay here tonight? There's no point in going home. You might as well stay here with us.”
Sherlock leaned closer to scan the text, skimming words with a growing ball of nervous anticipation, “I’ll sign. I trust you read everything,” he said, disconnecting from John’s wrist to pick up the nearby pen, not liking the cheap plastic digging into his fingers and the indentations of several sets of teeth warping the end. He gave the text another glance, reading a few things, absorbing what they were doing, what it all meant, and then signed with bated breath.
Always silent, always hidden, as though a private shame. Something for Sherlock to endure alone. John sometimes wondered if this was how Sherlock lived through his teenage years of schoolyard bullying. Did he hide away in his room at home or within a dorm room in some fancy boarding school? Buried under a mountain of bedding to shed his tears soundlessly, concealing himself from the tormenting cruelty of other boys? Spending years without a companion to confide in. Nobody but his big brother to protect him.
He inhaled deeply before pulling the oatmeal-coloured sweater over his head, and placed it in his lap. His hands started on the collar of his button down. Then he paused. “This isn’t a trade or anything, but someday, I would like to know what happened when you were gone, including Serbia.”
“Before officially meeting Jim Moriarty, there were the crime sprees. Solve this crime at this certain hour or this random individual blows up. Do I need to go on?”
Water pooled around his feet as John just stared at Sherlock in disbelief before rolling his eyes. He crossed the living room. John leaned over the couch, bracing against the leather with one hand, while diving with the other into Sherlock’s trouser pocket. He struggled against the couch to find the right angle to get Sherlock’s mobile phone.
“Sherlock-” started John while leaning against the counter, uncertain how to proceed next. He watched Sherlock’s face, waiting for any acknowledgement, whether it be a flicker of eye movement, or a gentle tilt of the head. They needed to talk! John needed to talk about it. Moriarty was alive, and they were trying to pretend like everything was normal again. It was a normalcy that they couldn’t afford, again.
John retrieved his wallet from his trousers, swiping his card through the machine. He pushed in his pin as he replied, “I’m not doubting the possibility of one, but yes, I wish avoid panic. There are some things that you don’t say in public, and ‘serial killer’ is one of them.”
A long leg kicked out and caught John in the back of his knees. John toppled forward, landing partly on his knees. His shoulder and the rest of his upper body landed on Sherlock, who grunted from the force.
John scoffed in disbelief, dragging his eyes from the exposed skin, back to Sherlock’s gray pair of eyes. “You mean, I’ll have to sit there and ‘draw’ you until you give the signal for me to tackle someone?”
“That was one time. You and I both know that’s not going to happen again and I want my mobile back.”
The young man threw his head back and laughed. “I’ll forgive you since I found you unconscious on the floor.”
John pulled away from studying over the last victim in the one-way street. A spread of people hovered near the police barricades in the light rain. The presence of the Yarders seemingly gathered a larger crowd than when they arrived. Perhaps the crime scene was more exciting compared to youth party days. It was only a matter of time before the reporters caught wind of a triple murder. At least- the Yarders caught their shooter, and Sherlock got to look over the crime scene before it was contaminated.
He snorted and couldn’t help but to release a high-pitch giggle, which confused the detective before him, “You’re laughing…why are you laughing?”
Within the reporters, he could see black cameras, pointed at them in dark shadows, hoping that they would catch any remark about anything if John or Sherlock decides to open their tightly shut lips. There were several questions about Izard’s case, about the killings, even about Janine of all things.
He smiled when dark, inky curls shot up from a huddle on the sofa and Sherlock’s eyes met his. His body warmed from the sight of Sherlock in the flat, in their home, waiting for him. The place next to Sherlock looked inviting. When he looked over and met those light blue eyes again, John didn’t need to verbally ask. He crossed the distance and sat. His side meshed along Sherlock’s. The heat from the taller man’s body just felt right. Like home, like the flat with the two of them in it. It was perfect. Greg’s parting words echoed through his mind. Infatuated. Was he infatuated with Sherlock? He had just noticed his attraction, admitted his wants, and now…was it infatuation? Was this ‘all-in’ too early to feel?
Then Sherlock took off briskly, leaving John scrambling for his wallet to pay the fare, cursing about tall, git detectives in stupid coats. Then he chased after him. Again. Wondering what the hell he had meant by that.
In seconds, John braced as he saw the middle of the bonnet aimed straight towards the light post. There was a horrible metal crunch. For a second, John felt as though he was back in Afghanistan. He could feel the hot desert sun, taste the grit of sand, and hear the screams of his comrades from a surprise IED. John blinked, still dazed. But the desert disappeared, along with the rest of the war flashback, triggered from the crash.
He left Sherlock stunned at the door and went downstairs. A loud groan left his throat when he stepped foot on the pavement. A black car was parked outside. It was true then. Mention Mycroft’s name and he’s summoned. John was set to ignore it and walk by when the car door opened.
“Donovan,” replied Lestrade into the radio, turning away from them. Radio static blurred out Donovan’s voice as Lestrade continued. “John and Sherlock are coming.”
The bright sunlight momentarily blinded him for a second. John waved for a cab, and by some miracle, one pulled to the curb. Wordlessly, John ushered the detective inside before joining him. He slammed the door closed. His mobile buzzed in his pocket. John cursed lowly. He had other priorities other than catering to another Holmes.
John sighed, and swallowed the lump in his throat to calm down his beating heart. He bent down, and pressed his fingers to Moran’s pulse. Still alive. But, John wouldn’t promise a third chance. Moran was definitely going into the boot for safekeeping.
Sherlock snorted. “The Ghost of the Consulting Criminal. Is this the official working title for next blog entry?”
“My little brother has stepped off a building in trade for your life. He has stepped aside to watch you wed another for your happiness. He dove into flames to save your life. He ‘allegedly’ shot a man for your wife, your unborn child, for you. He was temporarily exiled because of those actions, going to a mission that he was guaranteed to would have ended in his death. Do you see a pattern yet, John?”
He thrusted in earnest. As Sherlock’s hand sped up, John felt the muscles give in and loosened up just enough for him to push his cock all the way in. He pounded his annoying git into the mattress, going straight for his prostate every single thrust.
He could see Sherlock bristling from the tease. He thoughts about how he was never really close with Harry. In ways, Sherlock and Mycroft were closer and that was a frightening thought. Apparently, John was the only one who will receive public displays of fondness from Sherlock. He wasn’t planning on complaining about it, especially when if he will occasionally get a lapful of detective.
“You’re not finished looking like that.” Her eyes flicked down pointedly at AJ before picking up the discarded knife. “His clothes would fit.”
The other man opened the cab divider and tossed the gun through the gap. John stared at it as it landed on the seat, wondering if he played the game right, if he had managed to make himself seem like a threat. A dangerous threat could be as good as having the loaded weapon.
He blinked several times, wondering if Sherlock had before… or when. John rolled over, propped up on his elbow and tugged the sheet off Sherlock’s head, earning a pouty frown from Sherlock.
John held up his hand, signaling for Mrs. Hudson to wait on that. But she didn’t make any immediate movement to go bring the mobile for Mary. John wasn’t feeling that kind either. “Actually, before we fetch that mobile…I have a few things to ask you.”
“You’re going to work yourself up into a sulk,” John countered casually, padding around the room to look for that bottle of lube they had earlier. The last he had seen it was when he fetched it out of the bedside table. He paused in his search to coax Sherlock back down on the bed.
“There was no trace of powder in his fingernail beds! Only the faints of a standard baby powder from the infant last night, so tell me how the jumper could cause an allergic reaction without wearing latex gloves.”
John plucked his coat from Sherlock and opened it. He didn’t even question the presence of his gun. John doubled checked the safety before tucking it away in the back of his trousers. After straightening his dark blue jumper over the gun, he pulled on his coat, and followed Sherlock downstairs. They briskly crossed the pavement, ignoring the light rain in favour of the waiting cab. Sherlock gave the cabbie the address, and the cab joined into traffic easily enough. John sighed when they reached a standstill. He turned to Sherlock, who was silently tapping on his mobile.
When they bustled through the Angelo’s door, the restaurant was packed with people. Heat and the scent of garlic chased away the cold, bitter London air. John glanced over to Sherlock, wondering if they would abandon Angelo’s because of the overwhelming noise and order take-in at the flat. Sherlock was gone. John found his coat through the humming buzz of voices. The taller man drifted around with ease, people parting for him, and found an empty table tucked away in a darkened corner, and where he disappeared from John’s sight.
“But I do. For everything I’ve theorised about your penis. I didn’t count for the fact that you trim.”
“Obviously,” John mocked in a low bass with a familiar tilt, which earned a snort from the detective next to him. “But, there are things I want to say and you are going to listen!”
“Precisely!” grinned Sherlock broadly before yanking John’s coat into place. John rushed to the kitchen and moved a chair to the refrigerator. He grabbed his browning, checking the safety before fixing the gun at the small of his back. He jumped down from the chair, and met Sherlock’s eyes as he waited in the doorway.
John’s fists trembled by his sides. His bad knee buzzing as he shifted footing, he listened as Lestrade flipped through his notebook, “Kyle Izard, the boyfriend of six years. He found the victim, Oliver Martin, the famous pants model after his shift at The Landmark. I have officers confirming his story now.”
For the last two months, he had been with Sherlock, chasing leads, finding dead ends, and carrying a cloud of tiredness on his back. Which apparently showed on his face today since Sarah turned him away from his shift at the clinic this morning. It wasn’t just physical exhaustion, his time in the military had trained him for that, but the exhaustion of knowing nothing of Mary’s whereabouts, or why she left. It had been another afternoon, and she had told him she was meeting someone for lunch. John had kissed her goodbye, and returned home from the clinic to find her abandoned wedding ring on her bedside table.
“Precisely. The killer altered weapons with Oliver Izard. Without accurate identification or the murder weapon, the serial killer could still be uninhibited or in the morgue. Lestrade, I require all available paperwork with this case to determine the answers demanded by John’s inquiring mind.”
“Shut up!” Mary snapped. “Go make yourself useful and call for help. There should be another mobile on AJ, in his coat.”
“That’s barely conductive at all with both logic and sentiment. My brother is slacking in his department.” Sherlock stated.
He closed the distance, plucked the billfold from Sherlock’s hand, and stuffed it in his pocket. “Where did you find it?”
Jack Ripper spoke, his raspy tone carried in the space. “Sherlock Holmes, I was wondering when you would show up. You look taller in your photographs.”
The doctor felt a twinge in his lower abdomen. Anxiety was kicking in, and at the thought… if Sherlock was watching… seeing him one last time through the camera…
Neither moved to deny that they had an argument. John met Sherlock’s eyes as the laptop was snapped shut. John grinned when Sherlock fluffed his hair, and stood, straightening up his suit. He tucked his newspaper away. He would read it a different day. Instead, he grabbed the notebook used for their cases, if Sherlock decided that this case met his standards. John smiled at Mrs. Hudson.
“Moriarty’s.” John stated aloud as he stepped back to avoid the door. “What happened to later tonight?”
“We are done here, Lestrade. You have witnesses, and your criminal for your case,” stated Sherlock, breaking the silence with the chair scraping against the floor. Sherlock’s belstaff swirled behind him as he headed for the door.
When the cab stopped on Baker Street, John fished out his wallet. He gave the cabbie fare money with a remorseful half-smile. “Sorry. Bad day.”
“Well observed, but as much as I want us both to fit comfortably in a bigger tub, this works better for our purpose.”
“Then where does that leave us?” John asked when the kitchen fell silent. “What about the knife from the first scene? What about commonalities between Oliver Izard and the other victims? How are they being chosen?”
“You don’t want her blood on your hands,” John murmured simply. “The affair was an error on her part, not yours. You don’t have to add another death to your toll. Give us her full name and we can go about things the legal way. Right, Detective Inspector?” John asked, casting a glance towards Lestrade, who nodded.
“I was impatience, I was meant to study you earlier. The sounds you make, how your breathing hitches, the pulses on your neck, the different flavours of your skin, your scent…” Sherlock’s hands continued to tease as John slipped lower in the water.His eyes flickered downwards, roaming over the same path as his hands. Then darkened eyes landed on John’s cock that had taken a rather large interest in the ministrations.
“Of course,” John answered quickly, and then he added, not bothering to hide his satisfaction. “Is that what we are then? In a relationship?”
“Sherlock did not have time to take his pulse and make a phone call. Not with the snipers trained on you, dear Mrs. Hudson, and Gregory.”
John’s two fingers disappeared up to his second knuckle. John couldn’t help but to kiss the nearest bit of skin. He sucked a bruise inside Sherlock’s inner thigh, and lightly nibbled as Sherlock started to slowly fuck himself on John’s fingers.
And he thanked her only because they would probably have to visit the hospital in the near future. Then he took down the hallway. It had been a while since any severe injuries happened. It also always paid to be kind, even if Sherlock couldn’t be arsed to care.
The hand pulled away from the door handle, and all three men poured into the small room. A man with blackish grey- slicked back hair sat in front of a small table bolted to the floor, hands handcuffed to it. His clothes were rumpled and stained. John wished that he could only see what Sherlock could in moments like these. Being able to pick your enemy apart, with just a glance. John took against the wall, leaned his back against the dark grey tint. His arms folded across his chest.
The car started moving again when Mycroft answered, “Not for certain. But parts of the web are rebuilding. Sherlock’s game is being played, whether he wants to or not. Do you understand the danger that he could possible be in?”
Sherlock jolted next to him, pale hands flew up to his head, froze for a second, like a marble statue that John could imagine finding in a museum. Then blinked, returning back to life. “Let’s go inside again. Coming, John?”
“Oh? So you are planning on us ravaging each other in the future? ” John asked, eyebrows arching at the detective.
“I’m not a serial killer, Lestrade,” snapped Sherlock. His voice echoed in a snarl within the flat. “Desperation, recognition, power, control, take your pick. There are multiple undesirable traits that may relate to this individual.”
The last episode with Moriarty ended up with Sherlock gone for years. John wasn’t going to let that happen again. They needed to go to Baker Street where John could keep an eye out on Sherlock. Sherlock wasn’t in the mood to argue either. The detective swept out of the lab as quickly as they arrived. John followed silently down the hallway, displeased with Sherlock’s long-legged pace, but matched it regardless. He wasn’t going to fall out of step with Sherlock this time. He will not let himself be left behind.
Voices conveyed up through the sitting room, carrying Sherlock and Greg’s undistinguishable conversation. John shut the door behind him with a soft click. That way he won’t be able hear them anymore. Alone, in his bedroom, John could breathe, to gather himself. He may have had a struggle to hold himself together yesterday on the rooftop and afterwards, but he wasn’t going to fall into himself again.
He recalled Sherlock’s eagerness, the madness that he gets when a case is close to being solved, as the taller man had yanked the flier from the wall and dialed the mobile number before John could even get a reasonable word in. It was only when the professor arrived and explained the lesson plan for tonight that John really, really wished he‘d kept his mouth shut. Or at least, let Sherlock come to this plan himself. Or better yet, a different one. He would be more inclined to climb through a window at this point or hide in the bins, than sit through the impending discomfort that this evening was certain to bring.
John shook his head. He turned the taps and shut off the water. “You were impatient once, Sherlock. You’re lucky you didn’t hurt yourself. I’m not going to touch you again without lube-”
John got out of the beaten red car, and tucked the Smith & Wesson in the small of his back. The Beretta could remain in his hand, thank you very much. He locked the door, and went marching across the car park. The facility was kept neat, along with the hedges. An abstract fountain splashed in the corner. It seemed to radiate an atmosphere of peace. But the actual feeling walking into the place was far from peace. The atmosphere swirled like impending war, and John was on the front lines of it. He paused in front of the glass doors, took in his hardened reflection, took a deep breath, pulled open the door.
“Someday, I’m going to rip your least favourite shirt off of you. It would be satisfying to hear the buttons scatter around the flat.”
That madness and anger that John felt was overwhelming. Mycroft dared to blackmail him despite the wrong he had done John, and implied that John would pose a bigger danger risk to Sherlock compared to the man that got him to jump! Mycroft was an idiot! Sod this! He wasn’t going to sit there and breath the same air while stare at Mycroft’s nose with an imaginative bull’s-eye the size of his fist on that smug face. If he were to sit in this car with Mycroft for another minute, his fist was going to meet that stupid, posh-looking face. He wasn’t going to make anyone a promise to stop himself.
John grinned. “He was thanking me. Apparently I was still on the phone with him when I ran back to the flat to find you.”
Warm hands cupped his cheeks, fixing over his jaw, over his pulse. John inhaled sharply. He met Sherlock’s eyes again as the taller man spoke. “Dilated eyes, rapid pulse, increased breathing, slight perspiration. You are attracted to me.”
Familiarity still nagged at the back of his mind while he analyzed the screen with the three men, starting their conversation over again. What was it that was bothering him? John watched as one man threw his blond head back and laughed silently. There was nothing noticeable about all three men. One had brunet hair, styled in small spikes from his forehead, and dressed in simple black on black. Another man wore a white baseball cap; turned backwards in way that tourist Americans would wear, paired with a white vest and black trousers. The flat bill pointed at the camera, giving a view of the man’s back, but no face.
“John… don’t… we swore…” His voice cracked, and John’s heart throbbed in pain. It hurts, but he imagined losing Sherlock. He cannot lose Sherlock again, not until they’ve lived a long and happy life together. Until the end of their lives, if he had a choice, he swore to himself he will not let that happen.
“Correct me if I’m wrong, John, but after meeting ‘Joseph Mollet’, now known as Sebastian Moran for a potential case that my brother refused, he gave you his mobile number to reach him.”
“Yes?” Sherlock answered towards the door. John was thankful for that. He couldn’t manage speaking at the moment, now that knew what he was feeling.
Ah. And there was the Holmes interference front again. John bent down, partly glancing back at the homeless network, “You can tell them I’m not interested in-”
John turned, watching the suspect as he settled down. Lestrade walked over and picked up the fallen chair before settling against the wall again. The man didn’t thank Lestrade, but slowly sat down, staring at Sherlock’s back. John clenched his hands into fists, flexing his appendages at the same rhythm as his heart. Jack’s grey eyes still radiated madness underneath the presentable surface.
John unbuckled his seatbelt. He gathered the take out bag in one arm and pushed open the door with the other. One foot was on the pavement when Mycroft spoke.
“And Patrick Dubar?” asked John, pulling out his notebook for crime scenes. It was helpful to have references for when he typed up the case on the blog later. That, and Sherlock never quite kept track of the victims in any of their cases; it was John’s job.
His feet slapped on the pavement. Faces blurred together. He could barely hear the sounds of complaint as he slammed into strangers through the wind in his ears. He couldn’t feel the cold rain drops on his face. John burst through the black door, ran up the stairs, and pushed hurriedly into the flat. He stood panting, breathless, in the doorway. His eyes met Sherlock’s, who sat perched in his chair. John could hear his own heart beating, pounding in his head as he stepped further into the sitting room.
John looked over the edge of the front counter, gun at the ready, expecting either an enemy or a victim. It was clear. No one was tuckered away in order to get the jump on him. For now. No bodies either, lying in the well-worn carpet, oozing blood or bone. Not even a vacant stare that came with them. John turned left going over the carpeted floor, and past several dark offices before reaching the pool entrance. Memories from their last visit here flooded through his veins, reliving the emotions he felt when they left this building with all their limbs, and alive.
“I merely suggested something for your withdrawals, Sherlock. Your last ‘cocktail’ was almost your last. Your doctor-”
“I thought you said you weren’t an idiot, yet you’re doing a wonderful job proving otherwise. We don’t have time for this shit, let’s find a key, and then we can get back to it.”
“Yes, I never thought your romanticism would be quite this challenging. It was entertaining to observe your interaction with others, but it’s torture to experience it. And I’ve been tortured. I’ve waited years to have you in the same bed, and you spill some nonsense about waiting for the perfect time like we’re both made of glass.”
“Relax.” He wiped one hand on the bedsheet before reaching towards Sherlock’s sweaty forehead and pushed his hair back. He held his arm beside Sherlock’s face, caressing his lover’s flushed cheeks. He gave a few shallow thrusts in different angles, finding Sherlock’s sweet spot.
John cleared his throat. He felt heat starting to bloom over his face. Being in bed together would be the nicer way of explaining that they rutted against each other together until they dirtied their pants. Then fell asleep because John wasn’t young anymore.
John turned his head, going to go look, but pressed his eyes shut, gasping when Sherlock’s mouth fixed over his pulse point. He hummed in pleasure. “That’s a bit not fair.”
Sherlock hummed at him. “There are only two types of fans. Both of which I hope that criminal is not.”
Sherlock’s smirk disappeared. “Did someone here at least get pictures? Or am I going to have to break in just to get an answer?”
He also ignored every phone booth with quickened steps, magically began ringing as he approached and silenced when he passed.
He shook his head when Sherlock focused sharply on him again. John flipped the eggs around. Teal eyes squinted at him. “You still believe me to be unaware of those then? Thoughts?” Sherlock asked. “Feelings?” He added with a slight grimace that made John snort.
Just he was about to tap the door again, it swung open. John took in Mrs. Hudson’s shuffled appearance, her wide-eyes and the dark flat behind her. John grinned.
John gave Sherlock a look that said ‘You are not going to do this again’ and said aloud, “No, you don’t.”
It seemed that the man was so blinded by his anger that he didn’t care what would happen to him anymore. He would rather see his wife dead rather than to talk to her again. Hell, Mary shot Sherlock, lied about who she was, and he still talked to her about their relationship… eventually. He got over the urge to shout, and shoot things. He would rather have Mary getting a leg over than to shoot Sherlock in the first place.
“Yeah. I’m thinking that you’re the exact opposite,” Lestrade retorted with a side-glance. “Off the record here, but did you…you know…” Lestrade mimicked a gun with his had pointed at his forehead, “offed Jefferson Hope with just your handgun?”
Sherlock’s hand left his hip, and motioned to the gun. Wordlessly, John clicked the safety on and handed the gun to Sherlock, who took it gingerly out his hand.
“Yes, you are. But you can choose what kind of death, payment for your crimes or payment for failure. Your life or your wife’s death?”
John snickered. “Right. So, hair pulling will result in an orgasm or you fall down, duly noted.” As he reaches out his hands in offering to help Sherlock up, he wondered if the hair pulling had resulted in premature ejaculation. His eyes flickered down to Sherlock’s trousers, and then looked away, he avoided Sherlock’s eyes as he shyly asked, “You didn’t… you know… did you?”
John arched his eyebrows at Sherlock, whose frustration melted away into a smile. One that John knew meant victory or an idea that could eventually solve the case.
John leaned against the doorframe, looking deep into Sherlock’s eyes, staring at the man who lived as a walking (sometimes annoyingly) and talking miracle -- who just admitted to loving him.
The inspector sighed. “No ID on the jumper. No murder weapon to link back to Martin. No fingerprints.”
It seemed wrong to snoop through a dead woman’s mobile, and even more so to check incoming text messages. But there were other ways to earn that ticket to hell. Not that John really believed in heaven or hell for that matter. But, going through a mobile of a recently deceased, was no good at all.
“Yes, but does he know how long you have been out of leads before last night? That in fact, you were lost as soon as you looked over their house. Instead, when he is at the clinic, you have been passing the time chasing your next fix and quenching your boredom.”
There was also something in Mary’s tone that implied more, and John waited for more while carrying on visions of gunfire of the rescue. John shook his head. As much as he despised Mary at that moment, he was unable to voice out the ugly names he was calling her inside of his head.
John grinned in spite of himself. “All I meant was that you’re placing too much expectations on a dead man. That’s all. Back on the tarmac, you said he was dead, and you also said that you knew what he was going to do next. Is this it?”
John opened his eyes and turned his head. Inky dark curls blocked him from seeing Sherlock’s face. And he couldn’t have that. Not after what Sherlock had said. Those words struck a cord within him, resonating louder than the best man speech that Sherlock gave at his wedding, the vow that he made before John danced with the wrong person, and their exchange on the tarmac. John would remember those words for the rest of his life.
John lifted Sherlock’s pillow, and sure enough, there the bottle sat. And despite Sherlock’s calm demeanor, the detective’s cock was upright and leaking, begging to be touched again. John walked back around to Sherlock, stopping to grab trousers from the floor.
John briefly wondered about the existence of another person. He had taken care of Moran, who hopefully was now in Mycroft’s custody, but it didn’t mean there wasn’t another person lingering about, waiting for him in the shadows. Besides Moriarty, of course. Although, there weren’t any shadows in the corners of the walls. Bright overhead lights made sure of that. But still…
He maneuvered around Moran as the man charged. John kicked out Moran’s knee, and the man went down. John fixed his arm underneath Moran’s throat, and held it there. Until Moran stopped moving, and John removed his arm.
He stared at the coffee maker for a minute, before adding a third. “I thought I said something about getting some sleep.”
Even with an arsenal that promised stealth, efficiency, or a bloody mess, John still yearned for his Sig back at the flat. He knew its capabilities, its range, and the shape of it that fit comfortably in his hand. But he didn’t have his Sig. The 9mm Beretta, and one Smith &Wesson would have to do. He zipped up the remaining guns in the bag.
The robe swished lightly when Sherlock crossed the room. The dark curls brushing over the pale forehead mesmerized John, and gray eyes staring down at him, studying him. Sherlock’s mouth was fixed in a thin line.
John glanced at Sherlock, at the real man underneath the actor. There was a silent message between their shared look.
“The shooter’s motivation, spurred lover, perhaps. I’ve seen enough of the scene, I need to have a chat with the shooter.”
John nodded, watching Sherlock as he paced around. “Yeah, but most of the time when he’s thinking sometimes he either stares out in space, paces, or even-”
The mobile he stole from the crime scene burned a hole in his pocket, but with Sherlock’s status currently unknown, he could not care less what it will bring.
The kettle whistled; John fixed two cups of tea and then carried them out to the living room. He placed Sherlock’s teacup on the desk. John sat down in his red chair, grinning when Sherlock gingerly placed the violin down to immediately go after his cup.
His bed creaked. John’s eyes bolted open. In either utter horror or fascination, he stared at Sherlock as he propped on the singular pillow. Someone had been busy and stripped himself from his dressing gown and black dress shirt while John was trying to reason internally. The taller man was a sharp contrast of dark hair with vivid pale skin, black trousers against white bedding. He was  a vision of light, the sparkling city lights from the window danced over Sherlock’s skin. He was a part of the dark shadows within the room, from the disappeared sun to the dark hair. Pale, violinist fingers laced with those curls. The abrasion on Sherlock’s arm stood out like a darkened line. He was a dream of seduction in black and white.
John shook his head. “No, I didn’t get a chance at the flat, the clinic was busy, and I spent most of my afternoon searching for you.”
“Of course,” John snorted. His laughter bounced down the empty corridor. He shook his head at Sherlock. “Only you would think about drugging your brother with cake.”
The air changed when John realized how close they had naturally migrated together. Their legs danced around each other’s. His hand somehow found Sherlock’s knee during their conversation. Through Sherlock’s dark trousers, John could feel how warm the other man was. John stared at his hand on Sherlock’s knee, and then shifted his glance up to Sherlock’s eyes. From knowing Sherlock as well as he did, John could see there was an undercurrent of annoyance, amusement, mirth, and something else.
“Not a gunshot wound,” John answered confidently. “There’s something about the injury that’s messy, if it was a gun, the scene would be bloodier. Especially at close range. The injuries are too sloppy for distant-range as well. I’m thinking stabbing, hard to say with what until the measurements are taken. Actual cause of death would be exsanguination or loss of blood.”
Either John’s words as a whole or the fact he had said ‘please’ made Sherlock flop backwards in surrender. One arm draped over his face. His hand waved in the air.
Then he motioned to the third victim, the second man, on the ground across the road. “He took one to the chest. Gone before he hit the ground. Any ID on the victims yet?”
“The wrinkles in the shirt and the dirt smudge on his inner elbow suggest that he washed his clothing in a hurry. Didn’t bother to hang them up to dry, but instead packed them away. Maybe he was staying with a friend, or perhaps a hostel. His unkempt hair makes me believe hostel, because no true friend would let him parade around-”
She shook her head, shrugging. “I don’t know. I doubt it considering Moriarty doesn’t have you as bait yet. I wouldn’t set up the plan without the bait.”
“Yes, at the moment. Now, how to get in the classroom without scaring our suspect,” Sherlock muttered lowly, pacing back and forth.
“That’s more than just an abrasion,” he noted sternly. John nodded to Sherlock’s arm when the detective looked perplexed for a moment, before looking at his limb in understanding.
The sound of zipper teeth echoed through the quiet room. John snorted, as the clothing in his arms grew heavier. “That didn’t make you sound conceited,” he commented sarcastically before adopting a serious tone. “I’m not joking anymore, Sherlock. What if this goes to the papers?”
From Moriarty’s tone, it seemed that his self-inflicted gunshot didn’t only injury his physical transport, but also from where the shot exited, damaging delicate tissues and nerves. It would have taken months, perhaps years for rehabilitation. He would need- centuries of technological enhancements and all the luck in the world for him to bounce back to his previous condition. A gunshot to the head would have required multiple surgeries in order to rebuild what was damaged- to the brain, bone, nerves, and taking care of the scarring. Relearning how to talk, eat, and care for himself. Not many people survive it and for a supposedly claimed dead man, Moriarty was breathing and talking to John himself.
John shrugged and took a drink of wine. “She probably recognizes you from the newspapers or the blog, take your pick.”
He dipped his fingers inside again, savouring the heat that surrounded the tips of his fingers. John bit his bottom lip, knowing just how that heat felt around, squeezing his own cock into completion. He let out a small groan himself, and focused on what pleasure he was giving to Sherlock. It seemed the detective was as impatient as before, canting his hips to meet the smallest thrusts of John’s fingers.
John hoped that Lestrade and the other officers had in fact locked the block of flats down. Hoped that an officer was helping the mother. Her bloodcurdling wail had echoed from the floor above, sending Sherlock bolting for the stairwell. John followed, ignored Lestrade’s rambling protests. He wished he had grabbed his gun, yearned for it really.
“Sherlock Holmes,” wheezed Hageman. He wiped his nose on his sleeve, and made an audible hiss at the contact. With Sherlock’s name, it seemed the man had straightened upwards in the corner from the huddled lump of mass he was earlier. The change in his posture might be a reflection of some pride left even after taking the physical beating, or he was still pissed at Sherlock… not that they would ever find out. Mr. Hageman’s body was cold in his holding cell at New Scotland Yard.
John’s eyes widened. Right then and there, he felt rather silly with his gun in hand. He gingerly clicked the safety on. The urge to laugh twisted in his stomach. He was in a ‘closed’ pub, listening to two blokes sucking each other off with his best friend next to him in the dark. The metal gun slid against his sweaty palm. John felt his face getting heated, as the sounds from the two men grew dirtier, filthier from the sucking, from the breathless panting, and the nameless man’s praising through his moans.
John rolled his eyes as if the conversation in the empty street wasn’t attracting enough attention. The sooner they were off, the better. He knelt down looking underneath a small well-traveled red car and countered, “Or, you mean you haven’t killed him yet? That’s surprising… you didn’t hesitate with Hageman or Spoo.”
“Sherlock.” John rolled his eyes. “They will need to know about the crime scene and you don’t have a pattern for calling them while ‘stumbling’ on evidence.”
“We thought the idea was you telling us a story,” interrupted John with a stern, get-to-it tone. He shifted when the man turned to him with a sneer. John arched his eyebrows. He ignored the attempted eye contact from the suspect, instead focused on what he was seeing at the suspect’s hairline and added, “not your opinion of disappointment on your hair implants.”
“I was thinking,” Sherlock repeated lowly. “And it was hardly groping, John. Do refrain from being a drama queen.”
Sherlock’s head shook slightly. John sighed. Nothing. No leads or at least no serial killer here. He leaned back in his chair, wondering how long until this course was over and they could return to the flat. John tucked the piece of charcoal on the easel, grimacing at the stain on his fingertips.
If John was going to follow the direct line of his and Mycroft’s conversation, it wasn’t going to be pleasant. That was an understatement. Hell, telling Sherlock that everything he tore down for those two years were rebuilding, he didn’t know how the detective would react. He cleared his throat- and prepared his heart for the worse.
The detective slumped in the seat. John waved a hand between them. “If we start…and Mary comes back, how do we explain it?”
“They do. On the flash drive had information of Rose, myself, and the rest of the team from our freelance days. Paid to kill or rescue, whichever job offered the largest amount. You could’ve known everything about us but you didn’t. Pathetic.”
The only tell that Sherlock was still cognizant were the two pale hands motioning to Sherlock’s cock, now a pinkish-purple and leaking precum into a gathered pile. John chuckled darkly, crooked his fingers to rub against Sherlock’s prostate again, and was considering milking it for all it’s worth.
He quickly jotted down all the names as Lestrade answered. “A new love interest, apparently. They’ve been together for about week now.”
“Don’t tell me what I want! With her death, she will never-” the man stopped, gaping into the air. “She deserves it! She knew what she was getting into when she married me. Deep down she never accepted what I am!“
John grinned. Something pounded in his chest. Elated. Excitement. Perfection. Only Sherlock would know that he would want to be all in. He had been since day one. Since Bart’s. Since that stupid wink. Since Angelo’s (where he had not been flirting). Since giggling at the crime scene. He met Sherlock’s grey eyes.
Sherlock beamed. The littered papers drifted in the breeze as John watched Sherlock disappear around the corner, the tail ends of his coat vanishing “mysteriously.”- John bet that his collar was turned up as well.
Figuratively, John realised he would not be able to live without this madman, and all the things they had been through for each other was worth it. It was worth this moment.
John lowered his arm at the tone of Sherlock’s voice, the seriousness standing out from their laughter just seconds ago. “What is it?”
Their footsteps echoed through the empty corridor all the way, up to the lab door. Sherlock pushed in the code and breezed through the door when it clicked from the other side. John said nothing. Sherlock should not have the code to the door. He must have remembered Molly’s. Or figured it out by analyzing the indentation, or the faded colours on each button. It was difficult for John to understand how Sherlock go the code. He wanted to ask, but even if he did, Sherlock probably wouldn’t answer. The detective had focus etched over all his features.
His arm felt the usual recoil after a shot, feeling his heartbeat pounding in his throat. He jumped when something warm slid over his hip. Glancing down, John found a familiar pale hand, and he looked over his shoulder. Sherlock’s hair was a mess, and had red lines on his face. Sherlock’s mouth was moving, but all John could hear was the silent hum. He shook his head.
John smiled at the greeting. Sounding so polite and formal out of a mouth that promised sin. He shook his head. “Sherlock, I can’t give you what you want.”
“Of course you weren’t, your majesty.” The doctor teased as he eased his way into the tub. “We need a bigger tub.” John said as he lowered himself in between Sherlock’s legs, using his boney knees as support.
He clicked open the messages folder. The Outbox was empty. So was the Draft. There was only one received text message.
John licked his lips. His throat was dry. “Most of the people who meet you are and you know it,” he rasped, not bothering to deny it, or lie. Sherlock would know immediately. He added. “At least until you open your mouth and insult them.”
“What do you…alright…” agreed Greg hesitantly. He trailed off once meeting John’s face. Then asked. “What’s the message?”
“The previous two victims had shared one course in common on their college schedules. I determined that they met there, and then kindled their romantic relationship. There was reason to believe that the killer had had also attended the same course and started stalking them from there.”
Since he was in his bedroom, John walked over to the hamper. If Sherlock was using Greg to pass a message to Mycroft then he could to. He didn’t want to neglect giving Mycroft the mobile numbers that Sebastian Moran gave him, or he might make appearance. Neither Sherlock nor himself would want that. Well, Sherlock might, only if he punched Mycroft like promised. But he didn’t want to risk the chance that everything was spilled out into the open. He could stand the idea of losing Sherlock again in theory, but ideally, right now, he couldn’t. John would just be better off passing it to Greg or throwing it out the flat window like he said he was going to do. At least, giving the mobile numbers would help Sherlock, and maybe, Mycroft and his goons would be able to find something.
John only nodded, wondering what the hell that was all about. He shared a look with Lestrade when Sherlock yanked open the door, and stalked inside the grey room once more. It seemed Lestrade was as confused as he was. But they both followed anyway.
John scoffed, then laughed wryly. “Don’t you dare imply Sherlock would do the same as you. For all that he does, he’s never tried to send up anyone being handed over to that manic psychopath! He’d kill us, did you ever think that?”
“Isn’t that Sherlock’s engagement ring--? I thought you lost it in a card game, Sherlock had said that’s why you were bringing extra biscuits… not that I’m complaining, you make absolutely delicious pastries…and tea…and you take care of us so well, always making sure were well fed…like we’re your…” He looked down and noticed the landlady glaring at him. “…sons. Sorry, I’m babbling.”
His eyes stayed firmly shut, but he could feel the heat of Sherlock’s skin from touching shoulder to shoulder. Leg to leg. John was tempted to make light out of this. But the heat, the silky bed sheets, and the smell of Sherlock’s expensive shampoo drifted through him. Weightlessness flowed over him. John was asleep before he could thank Sherlock, or notice the silver eyes watching over him.
The cabbie pulled over with a plethora of honks and displeased shouts behind them. The boot of the cab blocked the rest of traffic behind them. John peeled out of the backseat.
“Just like that,” John repeated softly. He fought against the temptation of smoothing his thumb over Sherlock’s lips just to see how they felt underneath his fingertips knowing twice how they had fit against his lips. John grinned; knowing that he could now closed the distance between them, properly this time. Instead, John added, “You ought to remember that I’m all in. What about you, Sherlock?”
“Kind of difficult for me to say otherwise when you’re already in there,” John yelled after him. Sherlock probably ignored him again in favour of cleaning himself up. John was also looking forward to that, he did not want to walk around with pants stuck to his skin in dry semen all day. The bedroom fell silent after the last traces of his shouts drifted away. John glanced at Greg, and shook his head at the man.
“Well, someone ought to let the cabbie out of the boot. I wouldn’t be surprised if he actually died seeing the way you totaled his cab.”
Rage pulsed through his entire being. He sniffed sharply, trying to gather some wit for himself before he actually succumbed to punching Mycroft. God, it was tempting. Resentment that he had buried rushed forward, screaming at him to hurt Mycroft. Just as Mycroft hurt John by covering Sherlock’s death. For making it sound like he was to blame him for that death. For Sherlock’s missing years. For the wedding. For the exile. Even though Mycroft had sold Sherlock’s life to Moriarty in the first place! Nothing would have happened if Mycroft hadn’t betrayed Sherlock first!
He straightened as Moran’s fist clocked him on the other side of the face. Blood burst within John’s mouth, and he charged up from the road in a tackle. His arms fixed around Moran’s middle as they both went down.
“The female worked here, judging by how little clothing she had on at the time of her murder. Her feet were blistered from the heels she was wearing during her shift. She got spilled on her left side with beer. The two men could have been her clients. Too many possibilities with them, I don’t have enough data to figure it out...yet.”
He stared at the pile of clothes at his feet, considering calling or texting Mycroft of this new development regardless of his anger. Or possibly question what ‘this’ was all about. The blackmail, he and Mycroft can duke it out later. There was the last possibly that he hadn’t considered yet. Downstairs, somewhere, in the sitting room. Maybe, the note hadn’t made it to his pocket, but onto the floor, blending in with all the other odds and ins inside of the flat.
John savored the gust of warm air that escaped from the restaurant before starting back home. He pulled his coat tighter then set off. His fingers were well numb when he turned the corner of Baker Street. He could hear the violin reverberating through the darkened street before seeing Sherlock’s silhouette in the second story window.
He ignored the fact that Mary was at the pool showdown years before, aiming a gun at him to kill. Instead he questioned sharply. “Does Sherlock know? Is he in danger, right now?”
Sherlock’s moans drew John out of his own mind. He realised suddenly that Sherlock was sweating, and his face crinkled.
He could see the thrill in Sherlock’s eyes before he turned towards Lestrade. He bolted to his feet, snapping off the gloves.
John jolted awake from the thunderous clap that echoed in his bedroom. His eardrums turned into silent hum. All traces of muddled sleep vanished as he glanced around, tense and ready, his finger on the browning’s trigger. John’s eyes took in every shadow of his darkened room. The only source of light was from the open door leading to the stairway. He glanced at his bedside table; the drawer was open. Where his illegal firearm usually stayed. The gun was heavy in his right hand. He must’ve gotten his gun half awake. It wasn’t the first time he had done it. It was always something that surprised him, awakening the solider in him, throwing Captain Watson into fight or flight, in which he would always fight first. Hence the gun.
John huffed, shaking in head with the same fondness that he saw mirrored in Sherlock’s eyes. Sherlock was still impressed, just as John was still impressed of Sherlock’s skills. A grin bloomed over Sherlock’s face, and John returned it.
Any more questions that whirled in John’s mind disappeared when the violin stopped. Soft padding of footfalls across the flat, then Sherlock appeared in the doorway, shedding his dressing gown.
John paused on the stairs to call back, “It’s probably Lestrade. He has been trying to get ahold of you. He found positive ID for the victims!”
“Oy, hold on, Sherlock,” John protested, freezing Sherlock’s quick hands from undoing his trousers as fast as he could. He held those pale appendages within his calloused ones. Well, at least his brain stuttered back on for that much of a protest. He glanced upwards, meeting Sherlock’s eyes and questioning brow.
“The victims were at the Bow pub, I had found residue of crisps and salt mashed into the groves of the tiles while the occupants were otherwise…” Sherlock paused and blinked, “occupied. The third pub is unimportant now that we found where they were killed in the alleyway. Samples of blood and the leaf are going to be taken to Bart’s; I’m sure. Hopefully Molly is looking over the victims now so we don’t have to wait until the killer strikes again.”
John drove in silence, wondering nervously about his plans with Moriarty, and how much time he had left. His mind wandered, worrying about Sherlock. He thought of how to go about staying alive, and what sort of weapons did he have in his goody bag. Most importantly, how long it would take him to get to the pool. For everyone’s sake, especially Sherlock’s, he didn’t want to find out what would happen if he didn’t get there on time.
John glanced down at his left hand, staring at the symbol that was supposed to mean a lifetime of happiness. That happiness had been short lived. This ring and the woman he had shared the matching set with brought him nothing but pain, confusion, and a bit of stupidity on his end. He hadn’t deserved it. Or maybe he did. He did seem to attract a certain kind of person. Maybe the lack of happiness was his fault somehow. Maybe this was his punishment for lives ending in the war, lives that he couldn’t save, that now his life couldn’t be happy. Frowning at that thought, John ripped the ring from his finger and slammed it onto the sink.
Another metal screech carried through the air as Moran climbed out of the driver’s side and shut the door with a stunned slam. Moran rubbed his hands together, like it was a job well done.
The low rumble lured John closer. More kissing, perhaps more of anything with Sherlock in general was a lovely idea. John was completely all in for more. He’d rather hope Sherlock felt the same.
John finished his wine, savoring the taste on his tongue. He opened his mouth, not knowing what to say exactly. He met Sherlock’s gray eyes. “John, I feel like there’s a need to apologize. I did not assess what happened in the pub properly. I understand if you were placed in a awkw-”
John fondly rolled his eyes again. The lift opened and carried them to the sixth floor. More officers roamed around the corridor, whispering as they walked past. They reached the outside of the crime scene when Donovan appeared in the doorway, snapping gloves from her mocha colored hands. Sherlock brushed by her as she greeted. “Hello freak, don’t mess anything up.”
“Are you two finished having a domestic? You have a client; he’s a rather nice young man. Sounds like he’s in some serious trouble.”
Sharp static feedback radiated through the speakers before the video stopped at the end. John sighed heavily in the silence. “So, if I’m understanding this correctly. It’s no longer your life on the line, but two other helpless nameless people if you don’t figure out whatever message you have to figure out?”
“Do hold still.” Sherlock whispered and moaned unashamedly as he repeatedly moved up and down on John.
“After reviewing over the surveillance, it seems my little brother has been at 221 B Baker Street alone for several hours.”
John’s words trailed off while he looked around. Dark grey room carried slim light coming from the small window a bit higher up than normal windows. They were most likely held in a basement. There was one wooden door at the far wall without a doorknob. It wasn’t as if he could get over there to see if it was locked.
“Holmes? Isn’t that the name of that genius detective that makes the papers, solving all those ridiculous crimes?”
“Really? It seemed like something more until he nodded at me for looking at you. It startled me, he’s incredibly handsome, seems untouchable.”
John nodded, swallowing heavily now. He had liked her, even loved her at a point in time. Probably still a little bit now because of what she had done for him. She, in her own way, had helped him move on from Sherlock, and made him believe in something resembling like a future. . “Me too. I-”
“We don’t have time for this.” John broke the stalemate glare with Moran and declared exasperatedly.
John held Sherlock close, slowly moving and thrusting in earnest when Sherlock fell limp in his arms. His muscles were relaxed, and John felt his cock easily sliding in and out of the man he loves. He could feel his own chest rising and falling, breathing hard, but Sherlock wasn’t. Quickly, the doctor stole a glance at Sherlock, and noticed he had turned beet-red from holding his own breath.
“Mycroft’s people never found Moriarty’s body on the rooftop, and some of Moriarty’s web is rebuilding. At least, that’s what Mycroft said. He also said you’re going to end up playing his game again, whether you want to or not.”
“Oh?” he questioned casually, flipping the newspaper open with shaking hands. “You said it helps you think…what are you thinking about?”
The inspector took it readily, already sipping at the heated beverage. “Ta. I’m on my last leg here. I hadn’t heard from Sherlock every hour or two like I usually do. I was wondering if he had thought of anything.”
John stopped in midsentence when he turned his head towards the cabbie. He found a recognizable Sebastian Moran behind the wheel. One hand was actually on the wheel, while the other hand had a gun aimed in John’s direction. A lit cigarette hung from his lips as he grinned, pushing the other front door open for John.
“To the university. I know the Dean- owes me a favor. Lestrade and the rest of the officers may have to wait for paperwork, but I don’t. We’ll look over their schedules faster.”
There was an echo of gunshots in the small room, and scream of pain. Moving on adrenaline, John rolled forward on the ground, smacking Mary’s gun from out of reach while she held her leg, bleeding on white carpet.
Rolling his eyes from the obvious teasing and glad that the moment talking about Sherlock’s time ‘away’ hadn’t affected their morning, John fetched his trousers from the floor, smiling and, unfortunately, blushing in spite of himself. He yanked the article of clothing on quickly, feeling more exposed now than waking up pressed together.
John reached into bedside table drawer and pulled out another sleeve of condoms. He took his fingers away from Sherlock’s entrance, earning a groan in complaint from Sherlock.
The detective frowned at him like a scolded child. Seconds later, Sherlock’s mobile appeared in his hand. Lithe fingers flew over the buttons. “If you were ‘divorced’ I wouldn’t have to ask?”
John fled from the kitchen completely and into the loo before Sherlock could say anything more. He stared at himself in the mirror, as he held on the porcelain sink with both hands. The tired lines underneath his reddened blue eyes were more pronounced today from his lack of sleep. His blond hair was now more on the silvering side, not at all what he wanted to see. He knew he was getting older, but greying wasn’t something he wanted yet, not when felt quite young still. He ran a hand through his tresses, eyeing the golden band on his finger in the reflection of the mirror.
Floorboards creaked as he crossed the flat and into the kitchen. He stopped in front of the table, glancing down at the small mahogany box sitting among the clutter. John glanced back to Sherlock. His eyes were still closed. He still seemed so fragile. Looking back to the box, John opened it. Then froze.
Sherlock brushed past him, tugging his scarf into place, looking as pristine as usual when he opened the office door. John’s jaw dropped again. “How did you even do that? Get dressed so fast?”
“Of course you don’t,” John retorted sarcastically as he went about his bedroom in the dark. He rummaged for clean clothing. “You probably know it already, but Sherlock’s excuse was utter shit. Him and I…are together now. We haven’t said what we are but we are something.”
He wiped drying ejaculate from Sherlock’s stomach, his face and did his best to clean away the lube from both of their skin. Maybe it would call for another, a more thorough shower since their first one did exactly what a shower didn’t. He tucked Sherlock into bed, pulling a thin sheet of cloth over him. Then John tossed the flannel into the hamper before flicking off the light and snuggled next to Sherlock under the sheet.
“I’d like three scoops,” Sherlock told him as he cut into the pudding, making sure each slice was the same, or as close as he could manage giving his concentration being split, being taken, by a hovering, lovely smelling, fondly smiling John.
!” Sherlock grumbled, motioning to John with a cold-looking, trembling hand. “I can’t sit next to you. I can’t go behind you. I can’t—”
.' Generally he just wants me to – pardon my crudeness – finger and wank him off until he’s satisfied.”
, you’re good at what you do, no one can take that away from you or even dispute that fact, but you needn’t rub it in our faces every chance you get,” he told him.
? Doesn’t it get awkward? - What if you decide to date again, John? Will you just have to choose between an
. No, no, no, no, no,” Sherlock told him and swatted to push his jaw closed and then pinch his lips together. “
, just look at him.” Greg’s mouth moved up, nose and brow knocking hotly into the side of John’s head, teeth snagging hold of his ear, the hinge of his jaw, and then bottom lip. “Hold him down.”
. And I have a craving for his food. Could make a night of it. Maybe have a bottle of... of, um, of wine and even go as far as to get you that fudge cake you love so much...”
for us to do except wait for your people to come back with whatever documents we needed, so we just... went and 'entertained ourselves.'” John rubbed a hand over his brow, across his chin, and made a vague gesture, figuring he should finish the damned story off. “That's where Gregson found us. Though, um, thankfully he didn't see Sherlock. Not that he could. He was on his knees and there were filing cabinets in the way. He was,
Sherlock swallowed and nodded, his heart aching and the echoes of the past swarming his head, “I understood…” he uttered. “I was there. Not good to leave a dog when they are put to sleep. They get scared. Look for you. Whine. It’s... not pleasant.”
Rolling down the hem of John's pants, Sherlock hummed with eager intentions, and John felt his heart jump into his throat as he looked back, "Don't look so alarmed."
“Everyone has some fixation on sexual experience. Whether you’ve done it, whether you haven’t, and what that
,” he uttered and stood back, hands on his hips, to admire his work, before he turned to face John expectantly. “I know what she was trying to do and I know what you were trying to do. It was quite obvious that she wanted me to kiss you and you… did not. It’s
"Just one, thank you," the landlady said, and he dutifully complied before setting two in his own bowl.
! I know I don't have to but… I don't know, Christ, I don't know what I'm babbling about,” John sighed and turned his head slightly to shyly peek back at Sherlock, knowing his face was red, knowing how eager he must look. “Would you... kiss me? Just a little?”
“Yes. Lots of it,” Sherlock replied, looking at his hand and reaching tentatively for it, before stopping and sitting down with a sigh, happy when he didn’t sway or stumble on the way. “We can discuss it at a later date. If and when it comes up in the future.”
John gave a short laugh, shrugging one shoulder, “When the mood takes you, sometimes you just have to do it. You must have fallen victim to it too?” At Greg’s tight, grimacing, and embarrassed smile, John let a disbelieving scoff escape him and lifted his brow. “You're telling me you've
good and my body… well, it's perked up a bit. That's all—I can feel your skin on mine... I like it. I like it
, no!” The exclamation was thunderous as he slammed his legs together to try and trap John’s hand in place. Greg tried to intercept, but Sherlock was swift and John was too lost in the humid fog of arousal to move as fast as he needed. The sudden clasp of thick, sweaty, hard thighs hurt. Hurt in the best way. “Don’t!”
“Shut up!” John snapped before leaning in and taking Sherlock's lips in a forceful, almost brutal kiss. One that sent a spark of painful pleasure through his teeth and gums at the bump. Letting go of Sherlock's shoulders, John used one hand to hold his hip whilst the other moved to grab the back of his hair, tugging him down for an easier position to deepen the kiss, bullying his tongue into Sherlock's mouth with a deep, guttural moan.
John couldn't tear his eyes from the glinting metal and how it looked hooked by Greg’s rough hand. The man looked utterly fiendish in the semi-lit room, the light from the bedside lamp tingeing the silver in his hair to a golden orange. John found himself licking his lips, entranced, hand still moving on and inside Sherlock, but slowing to assess the situation, to wonder what Greg was scheming. Was he joining in? Was that what this was?
“I’m...not in control of what has come after, of course,” Sherlock whispered, gazing into John’s eyes and swaying toward him, gravitating in his direction to have their noses nudge, his fringe tickle John’s expressive forehead. “I might have been in some control of the start, of our meeting and partnering, but after that…” He shrugged and gestured loosely. “Sometimes the glamour of things, the excitement, the rush, the
!" The hand connected hard with the side of Sherlock's thigh and a portion of his buttock, cutting him off, and John savoured the loud crack it made in the short space between them.
In the midst of getting his breath back, John leaned down limply to push their sweaty brows together and then moved away to clumsily gather some tissues from his drawer to clean him up, rubbing some of it into his nipple as he did so, making Sherlock’s lips part in pleasure. Their eyes never left each other, they stared and stared until John pulled at and pulled off their tops, then shuffled away to slide off his bottoms. Behind him, he heard Sherlock move to do the same, and looked over his shoulder, caught instantly in the man’s gaze once more. Sherlock’s eyes were ethereal in the gloom, both dark and intensely vivid at once. John would get lost in them when they weren’t piercing through him. Would be fascinated with the amount of colours within them, the way they seemed to change in different lighting, like looking into a prism.
“Yeah,” Greg replied with some humour, thumping him on the arm in mock sympathy and laughing, “instead the nightmares are now waiting for you in the
out your tongue and cook it for dinner! - And I know how to cook a good tongue.” His lips were inches from John’s ear, marking the sensitive skin with punctuating puffs of hot breath. "Simmer the tongue with spices until tender. Remove the skin and slice. Add a delicious onion and mushroom sauce. Add salt and a pinch of black pepper—"
with you, you’ll take him on more walks and play with him when I’m at work… He’s going to love you more than me I think.”
They turned around the corner, speeding down an empty road. “Are we taking the long route?” asked John. “Not that I’m complaining. I thought cabbies were supposed to be better than this.”
John brushed over Sherlock’s prostate before the detective could even answer with words. Sherlock apparently answered with the arch of his back, and a gasp of “Oh fuck” from that posh mouth, which would forever haunt John’s fantasies.
“I’m not leaving it to chance for a third time,” Sherlock stated as he stood to his full height. John stared at Sherlock’s red puffy lips, the flushed redness of his accursed cheekbones when Sherlock stepped fully into John’s space. Looking at him, like John should know what the genius knew. John hummed with desire when Sherlock’s leg brushed against him, canting his hips forward, wanting more because it wasn’t enough. Nothing with Sherlock was ever enough.
Large, elegant hands pushed the shirt down John’s shoulders, down his arms, and froze at his wrist were the buttons still held. Sherlock’s hands returned to the exposed skin, to the ruined silver trails of his scar. John shivered as fingers traced over it. Sherlock leaned over, his lips caressed over John’s features as the detective whispered against his skin.
Moran grunted as he shifted in his seat, pulling out a carton of cigarettes from his back pocket. Swiftly, he fished one out of the box, perching it where the first one had been.
Glaring, John shot Sherlock a silent look before turning back to the client. The man was frowning at the detective. John knew that it would be seconds before the man decided to leave the flat in an angry huff, forgoing the case, and leaving him and Sherlock alone. Even more worrisome, leaving John alone with his thoughts. He cleared his throat, and gave the man an apologetic smile.
John opened the door, jumped out of the vehicle despite Lestrade’s protests. “Oy! I thought we agreed for you to stay in the car!”
“Right,” sighed John. “No, it didn’t bother me. You’ve told me why, and I’ve forgiven you a long time ago.”
He marched over the pavement, turning around the corner into the busy main road. John stared straight ahead, soldiering on through the gawkers who glanced over his rather odd uniform. Sherlock’s blue dressing gown caught into the chill breeze, undoubtedly showing off the gun that John had tucked away in the small of his back into the stolen too-tight trousers. The many gasps told him he was a sight. John broke his stance for a second, and his eyes flickered over to a store window. His uniform was a sight all right, but more so was the purpling bruise across his jaw, and crawled up his cheek.
“221 Baker Street,” demanded John at the cabbie before turning back to Sherlock. The detective was huddled in the farthest corner of the cab. Sherlock curled his long body against himself, obviously avoiding any physical contact with John. His mobile buzzed again. John grabbed it, answering it snappishly. “What, Mycroft?”
To that, John opened his eyes and giggled, clearly a bit high with the whole situation. He was getting sucked off in the kitchen, and he would much rather have Sherlock blow up the kitchen this way. His trousers were hugging his knees, in the bright afternoon light, after they’ve confessed to loving each other. It was surreal. He giggled a bit more and lazily smiled down at Sherlock.
Mary shrugged again. “No, it took a combination of one drunken night, head cold medication, and you having a round of ‘ignore Sherlock’ for the umpteenth time. You wouldn’t touch me otherwise. We both know it.”
“The victim being famous complicates things. Everyone is calling for justice. The family. The husband. Even the fans, can you believe that? For a pants model, fans? Anyways, after you left, Sherlock, we had people start camping out, reporters waiting for you to come back.”
“No need for useless information,” John finished lamely, hearing it all before. They turned down the hallway. Voices drifted from the classrooms. “So what did you find?”
There was silence in the lab for several minutes, waiting for the black screen to change. Waiting for anything to happen really, John thought he hadn’t pressed play because nothing was happening. He was going to press the button again when the screen flashed over to an up close zoom on Mr. Hageman huddled in a darkened corner, looking far rougher than when John had first seen him inside the interrogation room as Jack Ripper. A river of blood flowed from Hageman’s nose, bubbling when he tried to breathe and whimper at the same time. His eyes were glassed over. The criminal was also nursing his left arm, crooked at an unusual angle, which was probably the cause of the piteous noises.
John pressed on after the glance. There was zero sense in marveling over his wounds as it may not matter much in the end. Sunlight shone on his face, but he couldn’t feel any warmth. Couldn’t feel much for that matter. Which was fine. Perfectly fine, in the instance that he knew either himself or Moriarty would be snuffed from this day by nightfall.
John scrolled through his contacts and hit the call button. It rang twice before Molly’s chipper voice answered.
Sherlock cut in, “I didn’t lie. I simply refrained sharing the information with you. Would it be better for you to hear that I had been taking drugs again to broaden my span of thinking, that I can discover new leads to find Mary?”
Hands cupped around back of his neck, teasing the fine ashy hairs at his nape, holding him frozen or perhaps it was the sudden shock feeling the assault of Sherlock’s mouth against his. With open eyes, John stared over Sherlock’s features, his cheekbones, his furrowed brow, and his closed eyes. John scrambled for balance when he was suddenly yanked to his tiptoes. His whole body tautly stretched to meet Sherlock’s height. His hands seized the counter top behind him. The cupid bow mouth pressed, licked, nibbled against John’s lips attempting to coax him into movement. The detective pulled away with a growl. Dilated green eyes opened and blazed down at him in annoyance.
Silence befell the whole conversation when Donovan walked away. John could hear Sherlock mumbling to himself about this was tedious and an utter waste of time, and John could see why. Jack Ripper, it was either that is really his name or his streak of murderous activities had something to do with Jack The Ripper, or he was just throwing names around to take Donovan for a spin.
John’s eyes bolted open, meeting the sight of untamed curls in his face. Dark curls that didn’t belong to him, but instead, to a certain detective. That same certain detective who was his best friend, flatmate and the man that he was attracted to seemingly treating him like a personal pillow to cuddle. Warm huffs brushed against his chest. The dark curls still tickled his nose. John stiffened when he realized just how close they were compared to how he fell asleep last night. Where they had been side-by-side, only touching shoulder to leg, now John could barely move from the trap that ensnared him. One pale arm roped over his torso. Long legs folded over him, tangling with his own. John’s numb fingers were laced within Sherlock’s hair, almost as if like he had been trying to keep him there in his sleep. His other hand held a pale knee. They were utterly and thoroughly woven together. And something hard pressed against John.
, yeah… I had forgotten about that. After Christmas I'll let you burn it, or dissolve it. Whatever you want to do to it,” John mumbled, giving it a glance himself. “And, um, what was Mrs Hudson saying about bad luck?”
,” he whispered in reply, slumped and panting and quaking, his body still contracting about John's buried cock with snug, rippling pressure. It was too much and not enough. John let the waves of pleasure and the rise of afterglow consume him. “This is how I want to be...”
This case had been a more than welcome distraction. It had been weeks since the last one, and he'd been slowly going insane from the monotony of the days. Then, of course, there was Sherlock, who was just impossible to deal with in his moments of boredom. That alone would lead anyone to anger and frustration and, good God, why was he always lounging around like that? And why did he have to do it such a provocative way?
“Well… yeah, but… but, um, we should...” John mumbled nervously, eyes darting away from Sherlock's intense gaze, shocked at the words coming out of his mouth, at how little they flashed in his mind before they were tumbling out into the air. “I'm happy doing it again… just… just in case, you know?”
“No, but we can train him to work with us on some cases,” John said. “German shepherds are great trackers, and attack dogs too.”
Greg blinked, then smiled in reply, “Fine, I will,” he said, then poked Sherlock away. “Now bugger off. I want to eat my Tikka Masala in peace.”
?” Greg exclaimed, half angry and half, it seemed, impressed. “You’ve got to be joking? You can’t have—
“If you say so,” John said and finished the descent down to 221A. The smells of roasting poultry was in the air, along with the smell of fresh, warm gingerbread.
“And...you?” Sherlock asked, voice wavering slightly as he shifted his stance, wanting this with John. It was a tether, a link, something that would connect them later on if John liked the dog. In some cases, dogs owned between two people were a lot like children, forcing visitations. John, when he left, would come by more if Sherlock had the dog, and Sherlock could use the dog as an excuse to see John. He shook the notion of John eventually leaving from his mind for what felt like the thousandth time that month. “You...said you thought he could be a part of the family. Our...family? He would be your dog too, living here. - In fact, he’s already more your dog than mine.”
“Yeah, just here…” John nodded, shuffling into a better position to thrust his fingers in and out faster, stretching them, scissoring them and occasionally prodding at Sherlock's prostate, “I… I'm imagining
The talking and sharing emotions was new, but the looseness in Sherlock's form was not, was achingly familiar, and John knew what Sherlock needed next. What he always needed. He nudged at Sherlock's ear, his cheek, so he lifted his head and kissed him lazily, “Ready for bed? I know you're tired, but I think you'd be more settled in the bedroom...”
Sherlock glanced between the two of them and bit into a carrot, strangely not enjoying the quiet, mind too deafening, too stuffed, “Normally I hate this season, for
John knew it was going to be a danger night hours before he received the text from Mycroft. He was becoming familiar to Sherlock's moods – they fluctuated wildly on a daily, sometimes hourly basis, but John followed them like a dog-eared and well-worn map. Knew when Sherlock was angry or frustrated, when he was happy and giddy with the flush of finishing an exciting case, full of morbidly delightful twists and turns, and sadly, he also knew when Sherlock was turning in on himself.
, would you?” Sherlock scoffed. “It’s similar to when you have a cold and you continually sniff, sometimes without really knowing how much, without realising how
John couldn’t breathe with the mounting expectation, “Should have put that down on the Christmas list so I could have bought you a new one!”
like things just because they feel good. They're even supposed to feel good.” He sucked on the tip of Sherlock, rubbing his tongue against and then within the wrinkled band of foreskin. “I also
in my mouth,” Sherlock told him, breathing hotly against his own printed on face, mouth quirked ever so slightly. “I want to
– to know me that way. But it's not essential for our relationship. Because you're already the only person who has ever made me feel these
her gingerbread, mince pies, cupcakes--” Sherlock stopped short as the door came open and he was engulfed with thick sweet scented air. It was mouthwatering and Sherlock was taken aback with how much saliva built up in his mouth, across his tongue, at the aroma. How long had he not eaten for? One, two, three days?
“He’s right here in front of me,” John said, “and I hope I’ll get to see him a lot more in the future.”
Slipping his hand down, stroking first at the chair leather, John reached to carefully push his fingers into the silky strands of his hair, “I'll probably go for a shower first though, so you'll have to order,” he murmured, unsure why he wanted to touch him. Was it to calm him? Calm them both? Give him the attention he so obviously craved? To give John himself what it was that he craved? "Always best when you do it because they add a little extra."
“Orion will be living here, Mrs Hudson. - In fact, you’ll have to dogsit when we’re on a case. We won’t be able to bring him along on every case,” Sherlock told her as he idled, feeling exhaustion descending upon not only his arms but his legs, his head. He wanted to go over to rejoin John, yet he wasn’t sure if he’d stagger or wobble. He hoped not.
“Well excuse me for wanting to get the most out of my meal,” Sherlock told him as he opened the bottle and brought it over to pour into his glass. “Carve the duck.”
“Right. Good. Glad we've come to an agreement,” John said, feeling his heartbeat being to race now that their conversation was coming to an end, now that the inevitable was coming. Sherlock was burning holes into him, seeing deep into him, reading every breath he took, every movement he made. “How the bloody hell did you get them up, anyway? Were you using that old, hazardous ladder of yours?--”
To force the both of them to stop, John picked up the lubricant and noisily poured some into his palm, clapping and rubbing his hands together to spread and warm the gel. Having earned their attention John skimmed one hand over Sherlock's cock and balls, coating, kneading, and tickling, and let his other hand trail down between Sherlock's buttocks. With Greg’s eyes caught with his own, John parted them with his knuckles and rubbed his index finger around the warm puckered skin, Sherlock’s erection twitching under his hand. He smiled, running a hand up and down the hardened shaft, playing with the foreskin and trailing his slick fingers across the sensitive head.
“Why would my-“ John shook his head, not bothering to finish the rest of his question. “What’s all this about? My linens don’t need to be washed.”
Sherlock ventured back to the door, seemingly bouncing on his tippy toes in excitement. “Now, you need to sign me out. Mycroft had me checked in with these ridiculous doctors for injuries.”
The camera changed angle, and Hageman stared into the camera. “You have 48 hours to figure out what this is. Your first clue: Start at beginning.”
John pulled the pan away from the stovetop, pale fingers brushed over his wooly sweater. “And now? Do you see me with your own eyes?”
John dove into the black bag. He found another loaded 9mm Beretta pistol that seemed promising. He also found two Smith & Wesson’ Model 66 Combat Magnum Revolvers, which made him roll his eyes. All he would need with that would be a cowboy hat and challenge Moriarty to a dusty gunslinger fast draw. There was also a pump-action Mossberg Maverick 88 Shotgun that John wouldn’t mind keeping at the end of all this. That is if he was alive and well at the end of all this. Lastly, there was a Savage 10 BA Stealth action rifle, with its scope. The rest of bag had a hodgepodge of ammunition, accessories for wear and cleaning.
“He didn’t tell me her location, but he wanted to use that information to blackmail me so I wouldn’t tell you everything else, and I would stay away from you.”
He absolutely did not want to give up his only weapon, especially knowing where exactly he was going.
Moran flicked the ashes out the window before returning the cigarette back on his lips. “Hand it over,” his hand motioning for the empty pistol.
“This is not a kidnapping, John, but a social call that required face-to-face interaction pertaining to my dear brother. We will arrive at your destination shortly. There seems to be a large matter of numerous changes in a small amount of time, and I am worried.”
John chuckled to hide the shiver that Sherlock’s breath had sent across his skin. He removed his hand from Sherlock’s knee. Long limbs pulled away, leaving John cold from the lack of body heat. The covers had probably been lost in the night. The feeling in his hand throbbed from the change of angle.
“How do you think it’s unlike her?” John prompted. His blue eyes met Sherlock’s, and the dark-haired man nodded slightly. “Are you and…”
“Yes, John. But if I carry it, it ruins the line of the suits.” stated Sherlock from behind, a lot closer than just from the kitchen. John whirled around, finding the detective in the doorway. Grinning at him, with his billfold between slender fingers.
“Really no one of importance like Moran. Is his sniveling lordship dead? He was supposed to escort you here.”
It wasn’t really a choice for him, not really. It wasn’t a choice and everyone who knew about the ridiculous trade, knew the same. He had to protect people, his daughter and Sherlock. “I’m not going for you.”
Sherlock let out a deep groan as John slid in deeper. He paused when Sherlock shuddered under his hands, feeling a wall of muscle pushing against his thrusts. He paused, waiting for the detective to get used to his size once more.
“We crashed you barmy fucker!” shouted Moran with a wheeze. “I lost it when I was trying to keep my prick from burning!”
John turned around at that declaration and spoke into Sherlock’s throat, nosing at the bruise on the skin. His lips trailed over it as he retorted. “Noted. Sherlock Holmes prefers his doctor’s clean shaven.”
The detective growled- literally growled in frustration. “Oh yes! That lead with the suicidal jumper vanished! Disappeared! The moment you retreated into the hallway!”
Moriarty clammed his mouth shut, pressing his lips together, and make a show to lock his mouth shut. He threw the imaginary key into the water. But dark eyes glittered happily, still looking as if he had won something. Moriarty wasn’t allowed to feel that way; John wouldn’t give him that.
John climbed out of the black car, peered down through the doorway, glowering at Mycroft. “Right. I’ll throw them out the flat window for you. Don’t trouble yourself coming up.”
Sherlock opened his mouth, hung an expression of disagreement on his face. John just stared down at him, using their reversed heights to loom over the detective, just as Sherlock had done to him so many other times. Sherlock’s jaw clicked shut, his head nodded within John’s hands.
“Who were they?” John countered, pressing forward from the flesh and blood surprise and, nodded over the two people in the pool.
John carefully stood and huffed a laugh. He flinched when he felt the tenderness on his head. It felt like it was only a bruise, but he should take a look at it again later. Next, he pulled the gun from underneath his shirt, automatically checking the safety before placing it on the kitchen table. He offered his hand down to Sherlock, who still was unhappily dumped on the floor, red lipped and rumpled.
Sherlock growled over his shoulder, as he pulled away and stalked down the hallway into the bedroom. “Bedroom, now. We are not going to orgasm without penetration again.”
John glanced around them, smiling apologetically at the group of students, who turned to look back, whispering nervously to each other.
“Pretty sure you don’t need to study me, like-” John inhaled when Sherlock’s fingers twirled in hair around the base of his cock. “That”.
Sherlock let out a mixture of a sigh and a groan in complaint. “Get on with it, John. Stop attempting to mollycoddle.”
Blood had oozed across the white tiled floor from the victim’s head wound. Shot through the temple, through the back of the head caused a tangled mess of blood, bones, and brain matter. A singular shot. It was a quick death, small victories for terrible circumstances. John glanced at the white cabinets to his left. Blood trickled down the surface in darkened river stains. She had been dead for a while, at least two hours.
John slammed the door shut, cutting the cabbie off. Then he started running down the pavement, not bothered to glance back. His worry for Sherlock made him breeze around the corner, into the hospital, and barreling into the front desk. A brunette nurse in dark blue scrubs glanced up from her paperwork.
Knowing that there was no way he could win this bargain without earning an injury that he couldn’t afford, John growled. He jerkily yanked the gun from the small of his back, and popped out the magazine. It was a full one, and the knowledge of that, figuratively wounded him. He also checked the chamber, which was empty. Then John swiveled, and tossed the magazine into the alleyway. There was a light crash when it landed, far away and useless to him.
When his lungs burned for the need of air, John pulled away, pushing at the taller man’s shoulder. He watched as Sherlock’s eyes opened to meet his, John remained stunned from the contact and from the starling silver color of his eyes.
Utter shock flickered over Sherlock’s face, before all emotions were schooled away with a blink. John frowned at the closure. “There’s a woman, long blonde hair, late 30’s at the bar who has glanced over fifteen times in the last seven minutes. Clearly scouting for a companion for only tonight.”
John cleared his throat, straightening his back. His eyes focused on the wall before him. “The scar? You really want to see that?”
“It’s been years since we’ve met and we’ve both struggled with ourselves to get to this point, and now you’re saying something about timing. It’s a bit ridiculous,” declared Sherlock.
Not doing laundry was a lingering thought- it disappeared as soon as Sherlock’s wet and hot mouth stretched around him, taking his cock in with the perfect amount of suction that made his toes curl, and his eyes fall close.
He couldn’t tell if they were breathing. He couldn’t tell if either person had a healthy flush to their skin because of the blue light. But there was something about their stillness that told John they were both dead.
John snorted. “I don’t mind, no rush at all, really. Could do with a bit of lunch myself if we’re stopping.”
The taller man began to grin madly and stepped away from John. Sherlock stalked into the sitting room, pacing as he spoke.
“Exactly! That’s why we should do all things that require privacy now before the cameras are installed.”
“It is and yes, I connected the soil from my shoe to the deceased, matching the same particles outside the row of flats. We need to see Lestrade. Our jumper was on the scene. Responsible for the murder of Oliver Izard”
John could only hope Mycroft knew it too. The pompous prick probably did, and John only hoped that Mycroft would keep them both save.
John rolled his eyes at the beginning traces of Sherlock’s sulking. It wouldn’t last long, and would disappear as soon as they arrived at the scene. Three murders, and a suspect that would only talk to Sherlock; something still didn’t set right. He could only hope that the feeling in his gut was wrong. Even if the same gut feeling told him that it was wrong, trying to be wrong.
John fetched the coffee grounds from the cabinet. He poured two scoops into the filter. “Been up all night?”
Tucking the notepad away into his trouser pocket, John offered his hand. “I hope you find your sister.”
Recalling their earlier activities back in the flat, knowing that there were cameras-that there were people on the other side of those cameras watching them snogging each other’s wits out in the kitchen, and that Mycroft was one of those people, John groaned aloud. “ The foreseen circumstances…so he saw…”
A/N: Hello, it's me! Here's the next update. I hope you like it. Thank you for all the comments/bookmarks/ and kudos. They give me writing life. Thank you to my beta Whitehart for making this chapter look nice and spiffy.
“There’s no need for that, the hospital is right around the corner,” the cabbie motioned out the window. “We’ll be there in a tick once traffic gets moving again.”
“No, but you should think about quitting,” John supplied automatically as if were talking to a patient in the clinic.
The touch disappeared faster than it happened as John watched the taller man stalk out of the cafeteria. John bit into his apple once before tossing it in a nearby bin, leaving every thing else behind, mentally apologizing to whoever had to clean up his mess. He ran after Sherlock down the corridor.
The man at the wall glared at her. “Shut up, you bint. You were just a lure for this one, and he’ll be a lure for-”
The car dove into silence from both the lack of conversation and when Lestrade switched off the siren. John’s ears were ringing inside his head. The car slowly rolled onto Battery Road before it came to a stop outside a brick white townhouse. Green ivy crawled up the right side of the house, bringing colour to a place that looked so deadened. Well, so did the lights from the car. The bold black numbers 2343 stood out on the white door, cracked ajar. Even from the street, John could see the nearest window was obviously shattered; glass fragments clung onto the white frame in desperation. It definitely looked like a break-in but both men knew the scene was staged. It was premeditated murder.
A/N: This chapter inspired me to write this whole story out. I don't know why- maybe not enough art and Sherlock fanfiction out there? Anyways, please leave kudos/bookmarks/comments. I always like those! This chapter is beta-ed by englandwouldfalljohn(TheLadyAmalthea) who does awesome work with these chapters and her own stories!
