Now, Tony stares at Natasha through a wall of thick, ballistic one-way glass, and he wonders what the hell Pepper is going to say about the cells after this is over. Still bad things, probably.
Tony examines his options, then heads for the bar, intentionally turning his back on the god standing in his living room. He loosens his tie, and drapes his suit jacket over a bar stool. He can feel Loki tracking him as he rolls up his sleeves.
“I’m here, Tony.”
“I would never.”
“Take your time,” the professor says. His chair backs up a little, and Steve tries to get his bearings. The clock says they’ve only been working for an hour, but it feels like he’s been under for days. He knows how that can go from Amora. He still doesn’t like it one bit. “What do you think?”
“Bruce.”
Peter frowns. He lifts a hand, rocks it back and forth. “I…
Tony’s voice was warm with teasing amusement, and Steve lifted his head to see him leaning against the doorway to the bathroom, arms folded across his chest. He looked exhausted, but content. There was nothing to hint at the discomfort Steve had glimpsed before, and he realised that this was going to be the rest of their lives. What was done was done. Steve had learned long ago that there was no going back, only forward. If he knew anything in this new world, he knew that.
“You’re gonna have to deal with that at some point,” Tony murmurs, knowing Loki will hear him. Loki ignores him, too. “Hypocrite. Let him go.”
Natasha hums. “So, not a total loss, then.”
“You know, I’m Head of Security now. I’m not your driver anymore. What happened to Evan?”
, well. It’s more like she could alter reality. That’s how she was able to heal people by just recreating flesh out of nothing.”
“Can you straighten my nose out?”
Canon-typical violence
“It wasn’t my choice, Steve.”
“Right. Tony, I…” He stops, takes a breath. That familiar, stubborn bravery Tony loves and hates in equal measure takes over him, and then his chin comes up. His hand tightens around Tony’s thigh, and it’s delicious enough that Tony’s eyes flutter shut for just the barest half of a second.
“I’d say anytime, but maybe you’d take it too seriously. Call next me time.”
Tony waves him off the way he always does when Steve tries to reconcile after a fight, hand fluttering as though he’s shooing a fly. “Brunch or no brunch, Spangles, because if not I’ve got work to do.” Something like regret curls around Tony’s lips, wrenching a smile out from between his teeth that looks like it pains him. Steve swallows, nodding slowly.
Loki wrinkles his nose in distaste. It's...disorienting. "That was unpleasant."
“Yeah, give him everything.”
“Clint said you were impaled.”
“We are,” Bruce says, amused. “We have been for weeks. And Steve has bonded to us, too.”
“You were a child,” Tony said, quietly fierce, and Natasha tilted her head.
“In this way, Steve will never die. He will forever live on as that little voice in our heads that tells us to do better, to work harder, and to forgive ourselves when we can’t. He will always be alongside us, urging us on, loving us as we often cannot love ourselves.”
Tony steps out as the lights begin to dim, the familiar tables and machines of the workshop changing into strange, hulking shapes and low lights. He thinks about magic, and creation, and Pygmalion. Then he follows Thor up the stairs.
“You aren’t, sweetheart, we will.”
Shuri stares at him for a moment, before laughing quietly and going back to her display. “You’re lovers,” she says, casually, as if that isn’t the
“I know you are,” Steve says, glancing back at him. The smile he offers Tony is genuine, even as it trembles. “I know you tried.” Tony winces. “Promise me one thing?”
“No,” he says, shaking his head. He steps out of the shower, towel wrapped around him, and pads back out towards the bedroom. He grabs a small towel for his hair on the way out. “I mean, I don’t trust you, but no. I wasn’t talking about you.”
He glances over to Thor, and for a moment the two of them just make helpless eye contact. Thor clears his throat.
He imagines Tony’s face under the curve of his shield. He remembers blood splattered across the metal, hands pulling him up and off of Tony’s snarling, wild-eyed body. The way fear and fury had warred across his eyes like snarling dogs, twisting his expression into something ruthless and forbidding.
Steve shrugs, but his face is on fire. “I just…I want to be a good soulmate, but I don’t know how.”
“I’m sorry for any discomfort you may experience,” the professor murmurs, and then he touches cool fingers to Steve’s temples and the office falls away.
“The thing Obie-…the thing I told you to put somewhere no one would ever find it, okay?”
Steve closes the fridge to make it stop, and when he opens it up again a flash of hot pink catches his eye. A clear plastic container on the top shelf has “Steve” written on a sticky note in Natasha’s neat cursive. The name had been crossed out with a different pen, and “Ped Pa Lo 4 Rip Van Winkle” had been wedged in underneath in Tony’s blocky draftman’s hand. It was the only thing in the fridge that looked full.
“Was that why?” Tony asked, shocked, and Steve turned to stare at him. He opened his mouth, then closed it again.
When they got home, the tower felt a bit like a mausoleum. Pepper was there, alongside Rhodes, both alphas grim as Steve had ever seen them. Pepper offered him a perfunctory peck on the cheek, Rhodes a back-clapping hug. Steve offered up the bare bones of his mission reports, then begged off to bed.
Loki licks the blood from his lower lip, glancing over at Thor. He takes a slow breath, and for a moment, Steve thinks maybe he’s been foolish. Maybe that’s why he grins when Loki lifts one huge paw and then places a human hand in Steve’s.
Tony rolls his eyes heavenward. “Fine. Go ahead J. Spill all my secrets, you ingrate. Unmute.”
“I offered to help you,” Steve tries to explain, but it comes out wrong. Gruff, maybe, or accusatory.
“And you,” he says, pointing a finger at Erik Selvig, “wait until I tell Thor about this. You’ll be hearing about dishonour and betrayal for the rest of your mortal life.”
“You haven’t answered my question,” Steve whispered, leaning in towards the glass. He wanted so badly to touch Tony.
“Well, I talked to her,” he says, knowing JARVIS will know exactly what he’s talking about. “My rooms, please.”
Thor was frowning mightily. “Friend Steve, I am happy to support you, but I do not know this term either. Please explain?”
Bruce was standing at the stove as the rest of them meandered into the kitchen, lured by the smell of spices, warm and complex. He grinned. “Tonight, we have chicken tikka masala, with jasmine rice. Nat, would you get the rice cooker?” They'd gotten it from a restaurant supply place, but it was the only one big enough to provision the Avengers on curry night. Everyone else set about getting plates, forks, beers, and napkins, and setting them out, then they sat down and dug in.
It took a while for Steve to realize that he was watching Tony more than the others. At first he'd watched them all equally, as much as he could. He made mental notes about how they interacted with each other, when and how much they ate and slept, what conversations would raise or lower the mood of the group, all the little things that went along with being a good leader. But once he knew those things well enough to monitor them subconsciously (it only took a handful of weeks, after all), he slowly discovered that his attention gravitated to Tony. It was easy enough to explain, at first- Tony
Tony clearly tried to gather himself. “No. I mean, yeah, but it's fine. Was there something you needed?”
differently than anyone else, seeing the world like his holographic interfaces in the lab.
, Steve pulled away, sitting back on his heels and giving Tony a stern look. “Don't think I'm done with you yet, pet. Back on your hands and knees.” Tony complied, but he kept casting wary glances over.
Clint eyed Steve suspiciously, but launched into it anyway, as Nat shifted so he could sit up. “OK, so, this kid, Peter Pan, he decides that being a grown-up is for suckers, and he's not going to do it, so he runs away to this place called Neverland, where you never have to grow up, and then a bunch of other kids do the same thing, and they're all called the Lost Boys, and he's their leader. But he still kind of misses our world, so he comes back for visits and he, like, listens in at people's windows and shit, and he catches sight of this girl called Wendy, and he kinda falls for her. So he gets her and her brothers to come with him, back to Neverland, and there are all these fights with pirates, and the leader of the pirates is Captain Hook, which, they call him that cause he's only got one hand, cause Pan cut the other one off in a sword fight and fed it to a crocodile, and now the only thing Captain Hook is afraid of is the crocodile coming back and finishing him off. Oh, and the crocodile also ate a clock, one of the old-fashioned kind that ticks, and for some reason it's still working, so he can hear it coming and he can get away.” Clint blinked and looked around, and seemed embarrassed when he realized everyone was watching him raptly (well, Nat was smirking, but with her that could mean anything). “Um, anyway. So there's like fairies and mermaids and shit too, but the point is, the Lost Boys beat the pirates, and Wendy and John and Michael come back to our world, and there's shit about appreciating your parents and civilization. All heartwarming and shit.” He sat back and hunched in on himself a little. “So this is kinda the sequel to that, kinda. JARVIS, can we?” JARVIS obligingly dimmed the lights and started the movie.
not going to last long once he was properly inside Tony. Hopefully he would recover as quickly with a partner as he had every night last week, in front of his computer.
Tony pulled away with a slurp, and pushed himself to his feet. He saw a flash of worry, maybe even fear, cross Steve's face, but he unfastened his own jeans, dispensing with them, and Steve licked his lips as his eyes raked over Tony's suddenly-nude form. Tony bounced over to the bedside table and rummaged in the drawer, quickly finding what he was looking for. He went back to kissing Steve, straddling his thighs, the first skin-to-skin contact of their cocks making both of them gasp and thrust forward. Tony pushed at Steve's shoulders, still kissing him, and he obligingly shifted up and back on the bed, until he was half-propped on the pillows.
Tony gave him a quick hairy eyeball, but it was mostly for form's sake. He then turned his stare on Clint, who squirmed like a schoolboy, before bursting out. “It's not like it meant anything, right? I mean, all teenage guys fool around with their friends behind the midway, right? I like women!” He shoved way too much rice in his mouth and started choking.
He'd been working for a good chunk of time when Steve shifted and drew his awareness. Tony looked over, then back at his schematics, then back and forth a couple of times, starting to feel... guilty? Maybe? Weird in some way, anyhow. He cleared his throat. “Soooooo, when I said I might have to modify the suit to Dom you properly, what I may have meant is, I have several longstanding jack off fantasies involving very specific modifications to the suit, which I now seem to be actively planning. Does that freak you out?”
- unwrap the blankets and soothe his twitchy skin. “You back with me?”
And, of course, Steve would need the very best in medical care, from now at least until the birthing, but if they all got successfully to that point, it was likely that Steve could bear other children, and those would be Tony’s by blood, and then he really would have a family. And he would not deny this child the chance to know their other blood parent, though he might be called uncle rather than father.
“Whoa.” Tony held up a hand. “I am not rejecting you, I pledge. I-” He looked down at his hands, twisting the fingers together. “I was wondering if I need make room amongst the servants or my gentlemen-in-waiting. I, I know this marriage is no more your choice than mine, I would make it easier on you if I could.”
I like it...” He sighed, unwanted images flashing through his mind. “The last time I called someone partner, it was for SI, and it was Obie, and the ending of that wasn't exactly one of my favorite days ever, but...” He looked up at Steve, who was watching him earnestly, maybe even with a bit of worry, but so concerned, so caring, so lo- no, there was no way. No matter how much he might want it, Steve would never feel- But Steve cared, in a way he knew now Obie never had. “Yeah, I'd like to make some new memories with the term. Alright, partner.” He stuck his hand out like this was a business deal, and Steve started to shake it, then rolled his eyes and tugged Tony in so they could kiss again. Tony made a happy little noise and melted into the kiss.
Steve couldn't help the blush that lit up his cheeks. It's not like he
of Tony's pleasure and need. Set four with the paddle was just as hard as set three, and five was harder than that. Six was as hard as Steve felt he could safely make them, and still at the end Tony was begging brokenly. “Please, more, yes, harder, please...”
Steve figured that was enough to be working with. He leaned the rest of the way down and very precisely molded his lips to the place where the head and shaft met. Tony let out a whine of pure animal lust, his body falling back onto the bed and his hips trying to thrust up, but Steve's arm across his thigh pinned him in place, and Steve grinned on the inside. He flicked his tongue out to taste Tony, and found his slit already slick with pre-cum. And, oh, it was good! A little tangy, a little salty, he definitely wanted more. He licked at it a couple more times, and relished the whimpers from Tony.
Tony lunged, his mouth coming up to crash against Steve's, the glass dropping forgotten from his hand as his arms looped around Steve's neck. Steve grunted, in surprise or with Tony's weight, then wrapped his arms around Tony's waist and kissed him back. Like, wow, kissed him like Tony was his whole world, and Tony let himself get lost in it, in smooth lips and strong tongues and hungry moans. When oxygen finally became an issue, he pulled away just far enough to rest his forehead on Steve's shoulder and pant for breath.
had liked it! Really, he hadn't realized that a person could go off, just from being spanked! He managed to lift his right hand just enough to skim the fingertips up Tony's left hamstring. “Wow, baby. Judging by your reaction, I'm willing to bet you liked that as much as I did, which is good, because I liked it an awful lot.” He rolled his head enough to catch Tony's eye and grin at him.
Strange shrugged. “What is the solution to all such curses? True love’s kiss. But you are not a man known for giving his heart away.”
His betrothed nodded. “Easy enough to do, I think. Guardsmen are always welcome, after all. I will speak to my father this evening.” He made a face like he’d bitten into a rotten fruit. “Speaking of which, I should probably leave you to make ready. I had hoped to speak with you a little, get to know you, but I suppose we shall have plenty of time for that after tomorrow.” He stood tall and made a formal bow. “Until tonight, then.”
He figured he probably didn't need his hand any more, and let his fingers fall away one by one as he slid his lips down Tony's shaft. “Ooh, yeah, warm and wet, so good, God, your suction is amazing...” Tony's fingers tightened and loosened in his hair, and he purred as the head hit the back of his throat. Interesting. When he'd read about this, it seemed like this part was tough, but he supposed he didn't have much of a gag reflex anymore. “OH! Oh, my GOD, Steve, that's, holy-” Steve tried the purring thing again, and the hand in his hair changed from clenching to pulling. “No, wait, hold on,”
Tony grinned back. “Well, you know, if you want to make it even more obvious, we could give each other hickeys right now...” He started nibbling on Steve's neck.
Tony waved him off. “We're going to be going to all sorts of galas for SI over the holidays, I can't have you looking less than your best. Still not as big as a vehicle, just let the man measure you.” Steve hesitantly obeyed, holding out his arms this way and that while Marco measured
, Marco.” The old man grinned and looked as if he might keep asking questions. Tony gestured extravagantly to Steve. “No, Marco, this is so much better. I have a
about knowing! Adapt, Rogers! Adapt and survive... “They made something? I thought they were going to the pictures?”
Steve had nearly finished cooking the beef stroganoff, and Nat was throwing together a salad, while Clint set the table and Tony “supervised” (which mostly meant “keep up a running monologue and get horribly underfoot”, but Steve was pleased to see that the team worked well enough together to accommodate that now), but Steve was fretting. “I don't know, should we wait 'til Bruce gets here? Do we even know if he's back in New York yet?
“You too, Steve. Oh, and Steve?” She gave him a fond look. “If he breaks your heart, let me know, I'll help you plot his painful demise.” They were laughing together as she closed the call.
Tony's finger spasmed slightly. “Oh, baby, you are good for everything.” He gave a pleased groan, and slid the second finger in without pulling out the first at all. Steve made a high, needy noise, feeling amazingly full up, and yet not nearly full enough. His hips writhed, not sure if he wanted to push toward or pull away or just find that one perfect spot... “Oh, fuck, oh, God, look at you, baby, look how bad you want it, God, that's so sexy...” He was really working those two fingers now, scissoring them open and shut, twisting them this way and that. He pulled them most of the way back, and when he slid in again, there was the soothing coolness of the lubricant. “Oh, and you took the third so damn easily...” That was three? It hardly felt any different. “God, I feel like I could cum through my fingertips, you feel so good. Fuck, Steve, baby, I can't- you need to...” Steve suddenly felt Tony's forehead pressed against one of his buttocks; Tony's breath was harsh pants across his most sensitive flesh. His fingers slid out slowly, almost reluctantly. “Ohh, I am fairly certain I am going to wish for your refractory period very, very soon.” Steve felt as much as heard Tony gulp a couple times. “OK, baby, I need you to roll over now.”
imagination. Does that make me a bad person?”
, but it would still be
in dire need of a spanking on a regular basis.) He was
His entire jock was inside Tony now, and Tony's head was falling back, the olive column of his throat lit that perfect blue by the arc reactor. Tony writhed, and Steve yelped, and grabbed the nearest solid object, which turned out to be Tony's hips. Ooh, that was good too, all that wiry muscle... Tony looked down at him in concern. “OK? Are you? Is this?”
to feel those perfect gluteus muscles.
Tony nodded, a little vaguely. “Yes, please, no, thank you, more, harder, softer.” His hips jerked a little, one way then another, his jock already full and heavy. “I'm ready, please, Captain...”
A moment later, her viewscreen lit up with Steve's face, the Avengers' gym behind him. “Good morning Pepper, what can I do for you?”
Steve played with Tony's fingers. “This is a funny one, but, I never step in gum anymore. In the 30s, you couldn't go a whole block without getting slowed up by gum at least once.” Tony laughed, and Steve's nerves eased, and they spent the rest of the cab ride chatting about how Steve was adjusting.
Tony nodded eagerly. “Yeah, sure, that sounds good. And we can watch movies you've already seen, so if we get distracted...”
That was apparently the right thing to say, because Tony's mouth was suddenly everywhere, kissing and licking and biting, while his hands undid Steve's fly. Steve stumbled back under the onslaught, and fell onto the bed, barely feeling the impact. The next thing he knew, there was wet heat engulfing his jock, and he sat up with a yelp. Tony, mouth wrapped around his jock, looking up pseudo-innocently at him through his lashes, was possibly the hottest thing Steve had ever seen, and he sagged backwards, barely catching himself enough to be able to watch. He had to concentrate on trying to memorize the moment, because otherwise he was probably going to pop in Tony's mouth, and that would be beyond embarrassing.
Bruce shrugged a little, careful not to spill his tea as he settled into an armchair. “This time next week, there'll be a media circus. I figured we wanted something feel-good, so, Robin Williams. JARVIS, if you would,
pre-cum, but he virtually ignored it, all his attention on Tony and his gorgeous noises and his desperate hip thrusts, the gold of his skin turning to ruby with each strike.
Tony knew, in that “I don't want to think about it” way that he knew too many things, that he was maybe a little hung up on Captain America. Well, he knew it was a toss-up whether Bruce or Steve was his best friend (he didn't have much of a frame of reference, and honestly, he wasn't going to choose if he didn't have to), and there was definitely some Freudian stuff around the superhero his father had helped create, and then had spent his whole childhood searching for.... But then there was the way Steve's arms and back rippled when he was working the heavy bag in the gym, and the way Captain America posed for selfies with the looky-loos after each villain fight, and all of his thousand different kinds of smiles. Tony thought he might have started a mental list of all of Steve's smiles, and if he was honest with himself there might actually be a couple hundred entries, and oh, God, did he have it bad for Steve Rogers. Fortunately, he also had decades of experience bottling his emotions, not letting them show, and so he stomped them down, hard and far, and just tried to be part of the team.
Steve blushed a little. “I think I saw some of his early stuff in my WPA days, actually, but looking him up never even occurred to me. I'm getting pretty comfortable with
Oh, God, he was so wrong. He cared desperately about having an orgasm, but it wasn't- he couldn't- he needed words... words... “Please, oh, God, please Captain, please, I need to, please will you...”
the heat of his gaze as it slid across his chest, his belly... Steve could feel every drop of blood in his body rush for his jock, leaving his skin on fire behind it. When Tony's eyes met his again, he could see the same hot desire there. “I was just gonna have a drink and hit the hay, no need to worry about me, Captain Grandma.” He waved an arm, but that just distracted Steve with the play of his muscles.
They got into the car, Tony letting Happy know they were headed back to the Tower, and Steve sighed as he leaned back in his seat. “Please tell me that now that Marco has my sizes, I never have to do that again. I had no
subtle... Except apparently when it came to two of the highest-profile men in the country, if not the world, dating each other. Dammit.
. He and Steve were going out together, they were going to have a couple of nice meals, talk about art and probably all sorts of other shit, and enjoy their time together.
that was better than any drug he'd ever had. He barely recognized the sounds coming out of his mouth, but he couldn't manage to care. He couldn't even care about the fact that his orgasm was building, which seemed like it should be weird, but everything was
Tony sipped at his coffee, trying to settle his emotions and figure out which ones were actually important. “Ah... Yeah, I guess we do. I... I
The sweet fire burning along Tony's skin ignited in his belly, in his bones, and burst through him like a repulsor firing. The world went away, shot out through his cock and down Steve's throat, leaving nothing but colorless light and silent sound in its place.
Steve moved up behind him and wrapped his arms around Tony's waist. “You don't ever have to get me anything, but if you want to take me shopping, I am definitely not going to object. You have amazing taste in clothes, I would be happy to let you dress me.” Tony looked up, meeting his eyes in the mirror, and grinned. Steve couldn't help grinning back. “Yes, and undress me later, I can see the question in your eyes, you dirty-minded brat. Now go dress yourself, ya goofball, and go be brilliant. I can unpack for myself.” Tony pouted, but slipped out of his arms and over to the closet. Steve detoured from grabbing one of the duffel bags to poke Tony gently in the side. “And you'd better eat that toast you made, mister, you need to fuel your body.”
Tony swallowed the cake and leered at Steve. “I dunno, I was kind of thinking we could just fuck a lot. Well, and I'm pretty sure I want to lick some of this icing off your nipples at some point...”
And there seemed to be even more in the bag. Steve didn't mind, but he perversely wanted Tony to stew a little, so he peered into the bag and drew out another soup tub, this one full of fruit. (There were other things in there, but habit of a lifetime had him pretty focused.) He popped open the lid, plucked out a chunk of pineapple (
Steve turned bright red, but he was looking pretty happy, too. “I, yeah, that's, that's a good idea. So, um, see you for dinner?”
Which was why, when the bomb hit, it was so fucking devastating.
Steve grinned at him and took his hand, standing easily. “And I have some interesting thoughts about alternate uses for that syrup.” He licked the side of Tony's neck, as if to illustrate. Tony shivered and melted against him. Tangled together, they stumbled over to the elevator, which opened after a moment to reveal nothing but an insulated bag wafting enticing smells. They staggered in, and JARVIS brought them up to their living level.
Now Steve really responded, too, his hips rising and falling with ragged strength, his hands back to gripping Tony's hips like a lifeline, and utterly filthy things falling unheeded from his mouth. Tony found himself driven to new heights of pleasure with every thrust, until they changed angle just so, and Steve's cock hit his prostate- Tony was vaguely aware that he had made a short, sharp noise, which matched the supernova behind his eyes. He tried the move again, and got the same burst of incandescent pleasure.
to stroll arm-in-arm up the stairs and across their own living room, but when they got to the bedroom, Tony paused uncertainly, just inside the doorway, glancing over at Steve as though they had never even kissed before, and he was asking permission. Steve smiled, softly but with a wicked edge, and twisted around to face him, then hooked his finger in the collar of Tony's shirt, and undid the top button. Tony grinned, feeling more at ease, and went to shrug out of his coat, but Steve caught his wrist and shook his head. “I have been itching to do this all day, let me.” He slid his hands out, across Tony's collarbones, then down his arms inside the coat sleeves, drawing the coat down and leaving goosebumps on Tony's biceps. When the coat had dropped away, Steve's hands went to the next shirt button, and undid it gently. He leaned in and pressed a kiss to the hollow of Tony's throat. Tony shivered delightfully, and Steve undid the next button, then kissed the arc reactor.
“Um, what?” Tony froze, staring at him with one leg in and one leg out of his jeans. “What are you doing, I told you you could go back to sleep!”
Dinner this week was much more relaxed than last week, especially since Tony claimed the seat next to Steve, and spent the meal pressing his thigh against Steve's, or making excuses to reach across him for things, and 'coincidentally' brush against his pecs or abs. Steve retaliated by resting his hand at the small of Tony's back, occasionally dipping down to goose him or just cup an ass cheek, all without changing his body language or tone of voice. Everyone else clearly knew the game they were playing, but aside from quick knowing smirks or Clint briefly making a face, they played along that nothing was going on. Which, Steve realized, just meant that the tension he was feeling was of a completely different sort. (This kind was
When the elevator opened on the communal living room, the whole team jumped to their feet, and Steve took a step toward him. “Tony?”
Tony scowled and thumped his feet to the floor. “There’s really only one thing that makes sense, and that’s that statue I whanged into yesterday, when I made that mainframe explode. I was kinda too busy to think about it then, but didn’t the stupid thing move for a second?”
Captain Barnes saluted. “As you command, sir.” Tony nodded at them and led Steve out to the dance floor, reflecting that it was good that at least Steve had taken up with Barnes; he and Tony looked enough alike to excuse the child, which would not have been the case if Wilson were the favored Alpha!
Steve was starting to lose his rhythm a bit, and he propped himself up with one hand and reached between them with the other to wrap around Tony's cock and stroke him roughly. That was all it took; Tony's back arched sharply as he cried out, spurting all over Steve's chest and the arc reactor. Steve followed a moment later, driving in as hard as he could and freezing there, spurting hotly into Tony. Then he collapsed, panting, and barely caught himself on his elbows so he didn't crush Tony. They kissed, slow and languid, until Steve softened enough to slide out, at which point he rolled them over so Tony was lying on him.
It was all Steve could do to keep his hips still while Tony rutted against him. There was no way on Earth to keep his hands from exploring every accessible inch of olive-gold skin, every ridge of tendon and dip of muscle. His eyes were half-closed, barely important, but his ears were drinking in every one of Tony's moans, his gasps and cries. He was so caught up in all of that, that his orgasm was startling, almost a shock, thundering through him like an express train. His head dropped, the bridge of his nose resting on the back of Tony's shoulder, as he tried to catch his breath.
Tony cut him off with a heated kiss, then pulled back just enough to murmur against his lips. “Every time I think you've just said or done the hottest thing I've ever encountered, you say something even hotter.
the team knowing about them, or even that he minded the team
Tony was panting, short sharp little breaths across Steve's wrist. “I- I want you. I want to date you, I want this all the time, God, I want to take out billboards and tv ads telling the whole damn world that we're together. I want anything you'll give me!” He was trembling as he pressed closer, ever closer to Steve. Steve was more than happy to gather him in. “I know I'm going to fuck it up, and I'm already sorry, you can quote me on that later, but if you'll let me, I want to try in the meantime.”
Tony gave him that special, extra-dirty smile he seemed to reserve for Steve making blue comments. “I have trained you well, young Padawan.” He grabbed Steve right back, then leaned in to not so much kiss him as fuck Steve's mouth with his tongue. Steve moaned and melted against him. Tony lost himself in it for a moment, but there was too much else trying to crowd in, and he pulled away. “Mmm, that's nice. But, sad to say, willing as the spirit might be, the flesh is jittery and hopped up on adrenalin. I need to get out of this room.” Without waiting for a response, he turned and headed for the elevator.
together. He let himself just lay there and bask in the warmth he felt, inside and out.
Steve gulped a couple of times, then nodded. “Good. It's good. You're... Oh, God, you feel so damn good... You're so warm, so hot, so tight... Please, will you, can you...” He pulled Tony's hips toward him, then pushed him back a little, and Tony figured it out. He started rocking back and forth on Steve's cock, and they both moaned. Tony moved a little faster, starting to adjust to the almost over-full feeling, starting to really get into it... Steve gasped, and clenched his hands on Tony's hips, his own hips snapping up, and Tony felt hot liquid spurt up into him. Steve dropped back down.
Stephen Strange), then spent most of the rest of the time making notes. Innovations for Pepper to patent, potential upgrades and equipment prototypes for the Avengers, even spaceship engines and other madness, he let his perpetually-busy mind overflow onto the tablet that felt increasingly like a lifeline.
yes I want to be inside you, I cannot
JARVIS apparently could answer for himself. “Sir’s scans are perfectly normal, except that his bio-signs end at the tarsals, and I have no current data on the metatarsals or their accompanying flesh. I do however have indicators that Sir is transporting ten small pieces of carbonate crystals, most likely marble.”
“Really?” Tony looked intrigued. “God, we're going to have so many of these moments, aren't we? When I mention something about the current day, and it throws you for a loop. This is fascinating.” He grinned, and the anxiety Steve hadn't even felt building melted away. “So, what other little things have been throwing you off? I know you had a hard time with nobody wearing hats anymore.”
tomorrow, had already known the touch of another Alpha. Had quickened and caught from the other, and Tony should be wanting to rend, to tear, to destroy the interloper and possibly the child as well.
“Hush, pet.” Steve smiled as Tony obediently fell silent. “There you go. Now, I get you're partly a Dom, I'm not arguing that, but...” He suddenly latched his hands onto Tony's hips, making the bruises flare with bright, sweet pain, and Tony felt himself go limp... except where he was trying to get hard again. “You clearly like getting bruises. And, oh do I ever want to give you more of them...” Tony's breath hitched as he thought of it, of being dominated by
Looking around, Steve had to agree that many of them were, in fact, gorgeous. They had all originally been designed to answer a particular need, mostly in 'developing countries' or as emergency response (there was even a whole section of products created to address specific challenges for people with disabilities that had since been repurposed to provide solutions that improved everyone’s life), but they also reflected the cultures and peoples that had made them. They might not seem beautiful at first glance, but both the artist and the tactician in him were actually quite pleased.
Tony grinned a little goofily. “OK, so. That is definitely it for Blow Jobs 101. You have passed the class. Top of the class, even. We'll do the 201 class later. Maybe tomorrow.” Steve blinked at him, a little confused. “That... That was
Tony's voice brought him back again. “Oh. Well, then.” Damn, that
Captain smiled at him and went back to petting his hair. “Good pet. Now, next step, I think you called it 'what you're looking for, and what your limits are.' I think, worst first? What are you absolutely
The voice was like a whip-crack all by itself, nevermind the steely glint in those sapphire eyes, and it was like every millimeter of his skin woke up at the same moment. Every sense became sharper, and yet a little less important. “Yes, Captain. Thank you, Captain.” Oh, wow, was that his voice? So high and breathy? Well, it matched the inside of his head, anyway...
! You two are together! When the hell did that happen?”
Rhodey was next to wrap arms around him, pulling away with a kiss to Tony’s forehead and a ruffle of his hair. “At least we get to say good-bye properly this time. Dammit, Tones!” He was weeping openly as he stepped back, and Tony found tears falling from his own eyes too. The Avengers each took their turn, farewelling him with words and gestures, making his no-longer-extant heart swell with feeling for them all.
Which meant that he knew, and he was probably trying to give her a hint. “OK, what do I know? Personal matter, rude to talk about, specific date... Wait, I know that date. October 11th... October 11th.... Oh, my GOD!” She collapsed back into her chair. “National Coming Out Day. He's finally going to do it.” She grinned. “Good for him. I wonder what prompted that.”
Steve laughed at him, but in the nicest possible way. “The two of us probably don't, but when is any meal around here just the two of us? The rest of the team is going to show up pretty soon. Probably as soon as they smell bacon. I figured I'd be prepared.”
Tony groaned a little as he stirred, then lifted his head, sniffed and grinned. “Nope! We got a delivery!” He scrambled off Steve, off the bed, and onto his feet, then paused. “Ooh, sore! That's excellent.” He twisted and stretched, both of them well aware Steve was watching, then wandered in the buff through the living room. Curious, Steve followed him. Tony stopped at the little side table next to the elevator, which Steve had seen cluttered with electronic parts, glasses and mugs, or paperwork Tony was avoiding, but which today held an insulated bag from which the tempting smells were wafting. Tony opened the bag and breathed deep. “Oh, man, I haven't had Chez Chic in months... Oh, you're going to like this...” He snagged both handles of the bag in one hand, turned back around, and grabbed Steve's hand in his other.
They were too busy making out in the elevator to notice which floor JARVIS was taking them to until the doors opened on the communal living room, where the rest of the team was waiting, and immediately broke out into hoots and hollers at the show they were putting on. Tony grinned and flipped them off, but Steve kept moving, unwilling to engage with all the  teasing (at least at the moment), and carried Tony along with him.
! What did Clint call it? Edgy? This is working so hard to be 'edgy' that it loses... everything else!” He threw up his hands and stalked a few steps away.
”, where Tony once again watched Steve be enthralled. Tony actually laughed aloud at him when he remembered the sketchbook clutched under his arm and flipped it open to begin drawing frantically. Tony only pried him away when he tore through a page in his eagerness to get something down.
Wednesday at dinner, Tony distributed the t-shirts, and they all spent a few minutes making sure Thor knew how they were going to play it, and what his cues were. The last thing they needed was an impromptu speech on the mating habits of Asgardian peasants or livestock (or, worst of all, both) derailing the whole thing. And then Steve took Tony to bed, and showed him just how grateful he was that he could be this honest with the modern day.
As they approached the Museum of Modern Art, Tony put in a phone call that had them ushered in through a side door, but the staff withdrew discreetly after pointing the way. They followed the directions, turning the corner into the Special Exhibitions Gallery, and Steve stopped short in awe. All around him were broad swathes of color, on canvases as large as him, drawing his eyes from one to the next. He took a couple of shaky steps into the room, then turned slowly, trying to take them all in at once. He found he was clutching his art supplies to his chest, his breathing a little ragged. “They're so
Clint made a gagging noise behind them. “Oh, God, is this going to be my life now?” Tony broke the kiss and glanced over his shoulder; Clint was standing in the doorway, one hand half over his eyes, Nat peering over his shoulder with a twinkle in her eye. “Walk into random rooms and see the two of you...” He waved his other hand as if words had failed him.
do not start getting jealous of me.  Believe me when I say that being jealous of yourself is already enough for me to handle."
"Well--kind of, I guess," Tony says helplessly, glancing at her counterpart, "but in all honesty--"
"Oh. Sure, that's fine, let him in," her counterpart confirms immediately, already re-absorbed in his work. Tony could ask several questions about that, but doesn't, instead stripping off her gloves with one pointedly raised eyebrow.
At some point, the doorknob rattles.
Steve rolls
"That's what I'm here to figure out," Strange says.  His smile doesn't reach his eyes.
"I would say I'm surprised you used pooping as an excuse, but despite only having known you for a day, somehow I'm really not," Clint says thoughtfully.
"I don't know how it went, here," she begins, "you know--the whole 'SHIELD is Hydra' thing," she pauses to look at Steve's reaction, but his face is carefully blank now, so she continues, "but for us, well.  It was a bit of a shitshow."  Which is an understatement.  Tony looks down.
"Assist me," she demands, rearing back with his jean cuffs in her hands.  She's down to her panties, of course, and she's managed to get Mr. Uncooperative's sticky denim down to his knees.  With an indulgent smile, Steve reaches down to help her shuck off his pants, and with a triumphant cry, she flings them off into some dark corner.
"It may have been a spell," Doctor Strange allows in a tone that says he doesn't find that very likely.
"Hey, Daddy Issues," Tony calls out to announce herself as she strolls inside. JARVIS helpfully closes and locks the door behind her.
on his."
"Are there any options that
97? His soulmate's gonna be on their fucking deathbed by the time he gets in touch with them, and Logan himself is gonna have to wait decades before anything happens. He stalks around, fucks around in wars while Victor mocks him relentlessly (the jackass), and tells himself he doesn't care how his soulmate's growing up--he's not gonna meet them for years to come, anyway. His words are a damn timer, counting down to what everyone says oughta be the most beautiful moment of his life.
"Well, Mr. Potter, it's not Hogwarts, but welcome to our humble muggle common room," Man-Tony declares after exiting in the lead, gesturing widely to the lounge proper as they all make their way inside. Doctor Strange seems amused.
"Make a move, reindeer games," she says while motherfucking
It's an effort to keep quiet while he intimately explores her skin, fingers brushing her waist, her stomach, the curve of her shoulder or wrist.  By silent agreement, she steps out of her panties when he reaches her hips, and she would be annoyed with herself for not shaving recently if it weren't for the way his eyes go dark when he sees the small, curly patch of hair peeking out from between her legs.
"Tony," Steve says suddenly, catching both her fists and leaning in seriously, his blue eyes twinkling into hers. "I love you."
I figured I've been slaving over this for long enough, haha.  The last third hasn't been proofread, but I just needed to get it done and published; I'll go back and agonize over it later.  For now, I hope you enjoy <3
"Mmm-hmm," he confirms, eyes tracking the path of his own fingers as they slide across her cheek, her chin, her neck.  His pupils are slightly dilated when he once again meets her eyes. "You don't know why, do you." The way he phrases it makes it sound like it isn't a question.
"I believe," Tony says very deliberately, slipping her leg slowly over his, "that I still have a promise to fulfill."
Tony's inner Clint comments snidely, because everyone on the team knows that Tony likes to call Steve 'soldier' in the bedroom, and no one on the team can appreciate the way Steve reacts when she dirty talks to him in public places.  Tony smiles to herself, remembering many memorable reactions and scoldings, and ignores the twinge that pinches beneath her breastbone when no one in the room around them says a thing.
"Look at me," Steve urges as his eyes bore into hers.  Tony resists her body's instincts and does, panting and blinking wildly and feeling hopelessly vulnerable as Steve's blue, blue baby blues stare into her.  She can practically feel her heart welling up beneath his gaze.
"So," Man-Tony cuts in, snipping that ominous thread of worry before it can really begin, "what's the deal, big guy?"
to know what it is. It's been eating at her since she realized what a shit card this world has been dealt.
"Watch out, darling," she sneers, "or I might bleed all my
After everything he's lost, no matter what Steve left behind when he took the plunge and drove that plane down into the ice... in the end, he gained a soulmate for it.
Bucky's eyes crinkle at that, a little smirk forming on his lips. "Yeah, well, I could always tell you were a real bastard."
He gets particular pleasure out of teasing her entrance, she finds.  He does that stupid circling thing with his fingers until she's practically sobbing with how much she wants him to just
Steve gives a startled laugh and touches his ribs with a wince, then returns, "So do you."
"You've corrupted him," Man-Tony says in mock horror, staring at the pair of them like they're a science experiment gone terribly wrong.
get down to business."
"Which one?" Man-Tony asks before she can, his eyes lifting to meet hers briefly through the hologram.
"That makes two of us," Tony says, forcing a smile onto her face in an attempt to revive the levity that's been sucked out of her, and leans back in her chair like someone who
, the way he says finish instead of come, but that's completely counteracted by the heated look he's got on his face.  Tony swallows, and his eyes flicker to the bob of her throat.  She feels a flare of pride.
' jackass on my thigh ends up being," Bucky grumbled.
"Sorry you had to see that," she apologizes. He snorts and shrugs it off.
.  Tony's anxiety ratchets up another several notches, her heart thudding against the arc reactor in her breastbone like a mallet.  Two feet step softly onto the shower tiles, and the door shuts quietly.  The sound echoes forebodingly in the space, like the turn of a key in a lock.
"Yeah; any theories you have on what could do something like this and how we could reverse it would be great," Tony adds, jumping in and fully ignoring her counterpart's annoyed glance.
There's a moment where, despite them both being awake, neither of them says anything. Tony does her counterpart the courtesy of pretending she's not paying attention, giving him a minute to finish waking fully and gather his thoughts.
And then, suddenly, the air on the roof is disturbed by a massive explosion of activity.
Then he vomited spectacularly all over his own shoes.
, there's a weird chemical tinge to the gutters and air that itches at Steve's nose like a poisonous rash.  It took him quite some time to adjust to the feeling of it, but eventually he found himself adapting, learning his way around this flashy, technicolor dream world.  He's growing used to the changes.
"So why does that change the game?" Man-Tony asks before she can, leaning up against a pillar.
of blood; I wish I had a fucking towel or some shit instead of all this metal, Jesus--uhh, here, I'll just--put some pressure on this, this delicious thigh of yours--holy shit I need to shut up--"
Tony's torn between laughter and justified, shrieking anger when he leans in to rub his beard all over her face and neck like a giant cat.
Tony and Steve exchange glances.
"Hmm? Oh, you mean me," her counterpart responds from across the lab, finally pulling the rest of his attention away from his work. "What's up?"
Once the initial shock of it had worn off and realization had set in, Steve had a hell of a time just trying to
Just as she's getting around to wondering what the best way to retrieve Pepper's bath products might be, the closed door to the bathroom opens.  Tony, panicking, sees only the fingers of a very familiar hand before she's turning quickly on her heel to stare at the tiled shower wall, her heart pounding in her chest beneath the arc reactor.
Her face is grimy and her eyes are wide and wild.  The messy hair the helmet has given her only adds to the slightly crazed look she's sporting as she babbles on.  The armor gleams in the streetlights, and she's like some futuristic, combat-ready version of Rosie the Riveter.  Howard Stark's only daughter.
"Well, five minutes ago, this
" Tony spews in angry disbelief.  Nobody answers her.
on temper tantrums. If you thought I would flee in shame after one piddling insult, you were sadly mistaken," she spits, shoving her finger into his chest. He opens his mouth to say something, and she steamrolls right over him. "No, I'm not finished. I did you the favor of listening to your little speech without telling you it was a crock of shit; you can damn well do the same for me. How Pepper copes with your inferiority complex is beyond me, because even
"Relics...usually have a specific use, or purpose," the Doctor elaborates after a moment, his nose wrinkling like he's not used to explaining these things and isn't sure how to put this in terms that mere mortals will understand. "For example, boots that let you walk on air, a pendant you can use to manipulate time... that sort of thing. So, someone could have used a relic to send you to another universe, but off the top of my head, I can't think of one that'd do it." He lifts his hands in a shrug.
The man's cape, much like Thor's, flaps majestically in the wind. He seems bemusedly confused, looking from one of them to the other with clear puzzlement on his face.
you that one was going to be sad," Tony points out.
"What are you working on?" she says out loud, wandering further in while he occupies himself by poking agitatedly at a hologram.
"Yeah, it just initialized. JARVIS and I have to fill in the missing pieces, obviously," Man-Tony says, dragging and highlighting the hologram in front of him into a whole, undamaged model of Steve's suit. He glances at Steve and adds, "Your suit design's a little different than our Cap's, which, well, is to be expected, but it still means legwork."
She wonders if they drink the same whiskey.
Tony's eyebrows jump up into her hairline. That sort of good-humored, even eager response is so incongruous with the imposing, grandiose way the man looks, Tony can't help but feel surprised. With his severe, well-groomed features, his ornate archaic clothing, and his austere, mysteriously fluttering cape, Tony would
Something plastic scrapes against the stone of the bench as it's set down, and Tony shivers once, unable to move from beneath the hot spray of the shower.  Then, there's a small pause.
His bedside manner mask falls away quickly, and he gives her an odd look, something between wary and curious.  She can see him wavering for a moment before, as usual, curiosity wins out, and he approaches cautiously to set his tools on the small table next to her bed, the only other piece of furniture in the otherwise empty room.  He takes a careful seat on the edge of the bed, beyond the reach of her trapped limbs, and frowns at her minutely.
"Hey, watch the eyebrows, I pay good money to have those threaded," Tony complains as they remove her blindfold roughly.
"Well, obviously we can't rule out all kinds of shapeshifters, but her clothing was pretty removable and I was more concerned about the set of armor, obviously..."
Tony is
Without stilling his hand, Steve breaks eye contact to lower his head between her legs, hair falling until all she can see is his fingers circling, circling.  She feels his breath puff against her before his lips touch her curls, and she groans as she feels his flat, dry tongue slide along the length of her folds, hears him swallow the moisture he gets and
Now, Tony needs to talk to Steve.  Alone.  "Is there somewhere we can chat that isn't monitored?" she interjects, speaking directly to Man-Tony.
Steve looks over as they enter the room and smiles up at her tiredly from the clean white bed. "Hey," he says, then glances at her cuffed wrists and immediately frowns.
Her climax finally hits her.  She shudders and sobs, eyes clenching shut despite herself as she whites in and out of reality, gasping and crying out as she shakes with pleasure.
"I'm small, Steve, but I'm not that tiny," Tony says wearily, running a hand through her still-damp hair. "I do appreciate the thought."  Eventually, she sighs. "Alright, JARVIS, call Manscape in here; we'll see what we can figure out."
"Whatever," she finally says with a wave of her hand. "Let's go get this over with.  And before you ask, no, I'm not going to bother cleaning up; I'm pretty sure Barton's sex-Bloodhound abilities hold constant in any universe."
The concern evaporated later once he got to the gym, and, pulling off his shirt, caught sight of the looping scrawl of his words in the locker room mirror.  He smiled to himself quietly and slung a towel over his shoulder, shaking his head at his own doubts.
"Why are you in handcuffs?" Steve asks with suspicious confusion, concern growing on his face.  Tony sighs.
"Why, Captain Rogers," Tony says, equal parts shocked, delighted, and strangely aroused, "are you telling me that you're
her, already, whether it's her clit or inside her or
"Hey, we don't know if that's structurally sound--!" Not-Tony calls after her, but Tony doesn't give two shits.  She's already halfway across the room and stumbling straight into the cloud of concrete dust, heart pounding even as she coughs and squints through the unclean air.
to think you have functioned this long in society without being publicly alerted to these shortcomings, and the only reason I haven't knocked you flat and left yet is because I know that this is an entirely new level of assholery, even for you.
(Chapter also more than slightly influenced by my realization that, canon holding true, shit will be hitting the fan and canon Steve and Tony will be Civil War-ing the living shit out of each other like immediately after this fic ends, so that's fucked up and very upsetting and now has to be worked in.)
Steve grinned, shifting up on his elbows. "I had a whole speech prepared and everything."
It didn't take long for Steve to get there, or maybe it did. Tony wasn't really in the business of telling time at that moment. He managed to get outside, and the cool air had kept him awake long enough for Steve to arrive. He grinned wide as he could as he spotted the super soldier pulling up in one of Tony's many expensive sports cars. "Do you know how hot you look driving this thing?" he asked as he swung open the passenger side door, barely waiting for Steve to come to a stop. "My Hero-"
"Don't talk to your elders that way." Tony quipped, all but strutting into his office.
Steve let out an exasperated sigh, clearly annoyed by this whole situation, he had crossed his arms over his chest and hunched his back as if trying to hide himself, and disappear in to the couch. How a man with that size, that personality and those looks could be so self-conscious really made him seem human. It was a sight to be seen, and Tony was so glad he was seeing it, but sad that Steve felt the need to hide when he looked that good. He always looked so good.
"Tony." He requested, toeing off his shoes before making his way any further into the home. "Sorry I wasn't the stripper."
Tony wiped off his face, before throwing the towel over his shoulder. "Are you being serious right now?"
comes in almost immediately.
"Does he make you laugh?" Tony asked, cutting her off. "Does he make you feel safer when he's around, or do things make more sense when he's beside you?" he turned his attention to the ceiling as well. "Can you be yourself around him, wear stupid clothes and stay stupid things? Do the annoying things he does seem tolerable, even though you still hate them?"
Tony waved off Steve "A soon to be friend, then." he corrected "That I'm supporting in his entrepreneurial endeavor."
"Welcome home, Sir." The voice filled the empty common space, familiar to Steve "And Welcome home Captain Rogers."
At that Natasha laughed, shaking her head. "You're ridiculous, but I love you."
"So does Tony." The brunette smirked behind the phone and then laughed. "But I guess to be fair, my dates are never that great so maybe I'm a terrible example. Never mind, forget what I said." his thumbs continued to move on the screen. "But if you're not ready to date than you really shouldn't be letting Natasha do all of this to you. Okay - There." Tony slid the phone back over to Steve before picking back up his pen and getting back to his writing as if nothing had just happened.
“I came home.” Steve’s lips were numb now, maybe he had lost track of time out here.
There was a soft knock at the door and only then did Natasha shoot up, shoving the dresser away from the doorway. Tony followed brushing himself off, he was after all wearing a very expensive suit, so it was a good thing that Natasha managed to move the barricade on her own.
And that, was why he had called Pepper. He twisted the lid of the tiny vodka bottle off with his teeth, spitting it out on to the top of the dresser, "I wish, that would have been a far better evening." He commented, before dropping himself down on top of the hotel bed. "No, unfortunately, like a real man I ran away with my tail between my legs."
"well we're about to start the movie so if you two would like to join us..." Sam pointed at Tony and then pointed his thumb over his shoulder. "C'mon man get on those controls before Bruce sets everything to Spanish again."
"Boring." Steve spoke, turning his attention back to his sketch. "Bucky and Clint hung out for a bit, something about getting us a Christmas tree for the dinner, oh, and we're also apparently hosting a Christmas dinner." he paused long enough to examine the newest marks to his paper, and Tony enjoyed the way his eyebrows knotted together and then relaxed as if satisfied with his work. "I think it's just Clint's excuse to come drink your bar dry, but -" he finished, pulling his blue eyes form his art work. "What?"
"I guess I should wrap this up then." Steve laughs, leaning in for another quick peck before looking back at his screen. It's going crazy, so many comments and reactions coming through that Steve can't even keep up with them. It's fine though, it doesn't matter.  "All I'm trying to say is that I won't pretend to be someone I'm not anymore. You guys follow the account to see who I really am, so. This is it. This is me."
"Yeah, you remembered?" he seemed genuinely shocked, as he stepped out of the way and waved Tony inside.
"Hey Jarvis?"
Tony stands up and leans into the table towards Steve. "Twitter is fun, but it's for words. It has a limit, and you wouldn't be able to go on your rants about the government or the environment on there."
Tony glances down at the screen before adding.
"The lady in the sales room said it was the top gift of the year." Bucky defended.
So Tony turned on the hotel room television and told himself he would check the message later.
"Oh." was all Steve managed, oh. Tony was upset. "But on the phone, you laughed?"
That was definitely a plus.
Tony doesn't even try and stop the smile that finds his face once his eyes land on the next picture. They were on a pier, and Steve had his arms wrapped around Tony, his head resting on top of Tony's, who's face was all scrunched up in laughter.  He remembered having to ask five different people before someone stopped and took it for them. The guy who finally stopped had asked which one was the girl in the relationship, and it caused Tony to break into a fit of laughter.
"Of course, sir." Jarvis replied, in the dry sarcastic way that only Jarvis could.
"Hmm, yes, some things never change." Tony says, prying open his eyes once again. "I need a-"
Tony, after some time, was beginning to think that maybe, just maybe he and Steve could actually be friends. They were starting to talk more and argue less, they actually seemed to get along, and to the surprise of everyone they actually had quite a bit in common. Yes, if Tony really thought about it, he could classify them as
Natasha mumbled something in Russian, pushing herself away from the vanity and smoothing a hand over blue cocktail dress,  "Tony." her voice was somehow sweet leaving her mouth, carefully she crouched down next to him placing a hand on his shoulder. "You have to calm down." The words were still sweet but her actions were not, with a shove, she caused Tony to crash down onto the floor out of his crouching position. Moving quickly, straddling him, holding his arms down against the floor, dress be dammed.
"Don't." Tony cut him off, knowing he did not want that to be the first thing Steve said to him after ten years. Ten years of never fully healing, never again feeling complete. "Did you know I was coming?"
"Don't they make pasta out of cauliflower these days?" Tony added, his first attempt to joining a group conversation, honestly he couldn't even remember the last time he had anything that even resembled a family dinner, let alone had a conversation during one. "Wouldn't that make it healthy?"
Natasha's head tilted, measuring herself up to Steve and then she grinned. "Sure-" Her  arms swung out quick, and before Steve could brace himself, she had wrapped her legs, around his and caused them both to fall onto the mat with a heavy thud.
Tony and Steve have a conversation after their impromptu reunion.
Steve had rolled his eyes when Tony asked for a picture, but turned his head towards Tony's phone still and offered a wide smile. Tony, tilted his chin up, and tried for his usual blue steel - which only caused Steve to laugh.
"What's the least labor intensive one?" Steve asks instead, because Tony is right. Tony is always right.
A trip down memory lane proves to be a bit too much to handle in one weekend, and Tony has a hard time saying no to what his body wants.
------
"You used to hate dancing." Tony comments, matching the volume, looking up at Steve from beneath his lashes. "In fact I remember you telling me it was like a loose form of torture for me to make you."
"I don't want to talk to you-" hearing his own voice crack in the pain he was feeling, his brain spinning with all the what if's and all the what now's. "You really should get back in there." Tony stated, taking a step backwards. "Please, please just leave me alone."
It all seemed kind of gross to Steve. Okay, maybe only a small amount gross, and maybe mostly just intimidating. So every time Natasha threw out another name, he came up with another excuse as to why it wouldn't work. He may be Captain America on the outside, but he was still very much Steven Rogers on the inside, and he just didn't know if he was ready for that.
"No - No." She snapped into the receiver, eyes not leaving Steve for a moment as she got closer. "This is not an official Statement from the Avengers, nor is it a comment from Stark Industries, I demand to know who this source is-" She stopped only once she was standing in Steve's space. She was shorter, but not my much in her stilettos and she held Steve's gaze as she continued her conversation. "Just tell your source if they continue giving false information that we will use all the power behind the Avengers and Stark Industries to sue them into oblivion - Got it. Goodbye."
"Okay." Steve said with a small smile and the shrug of one shoulder. "Should we go now, or?"
"I know." Steve smiled, reaching for the light switch once he reached the doorway again, flicking it off "I like you too, Tony." He heard a grunt in reply and closed the door behind himself.
"Don't you go blaming technology." Tony feigned offence. "She's done a lot for us over the years, it's not her fault you were busy getting freezer burnt for most of it."
"You have a better idea?" Clint snarked pulling a petal off of one of the lilies.
Steve was staring at him now, smiling softly, and listening to every word as if it was all important. Tony let go of Steve's foot, shifting up on the couch, Steve like a reflex, lifted his legs and allowed Tony to slide out from underneath them, to get in between them. He crawled up Steve's body until he was able to rest his head against the wide chest beneath him.
Natasha throws her hands up innocently, a wicked smirk painting her red lips. "Boyfriend is a soft topic, I'll remember that."
Steve's eyes widened only slightly as he looked at Tony, a faint blush coming out of the collar of his too-tight shirt. "N-no" Steve stuttered out, before clearing his throat and quickly trying to save face. "it's fine. Any time. Really."
"He's not that bad, Sam." Steve added with a chuckle, before breaking apart his garlic bread.
"On a scale of one to a lot? Probably a lot."Tony grinned into the phone, leaning his back against the cool wall. There was an audible sigh on the other end of the phone, which prompted Tony to continue talking, though it absolutely comes out more as a plea for help and less like a question "Can you come get me? Please?"
"Just an old photo." Steve answered honestly. "Need any company?"
"It might have." Steve agrees. "Nice to see you're still as cocky as the day I met you."
"Maybe." Tony raised a shoulder innocently. "But I bet you wont forget your password again."
"Nope" Tony popped his p before taking another swig of his coffee. "But thanks for getting me home. I'm glad I knew to call you." He gave Steve's shoulder a pat as he walked by. "I owe you one-" As the words left his mouth the memory of him saying the same thing last night came rushing over him, and fuck, he quickly pulled his hand back, wrapping both hands tightly around his mug.
"I didn't want to." Steve said with a chuckle, as the continued past the big red barn. "I found myself here to work one summer, it was supposed to be seasonal, but I got on well with the owner, her name was Darla." He glanced over his shoulder at Tony, making sure he was still being followed. "She was the sweetest old lady, her husband had passed the winter before and she just took to me, kept me around to help he fix up the house, and keep everything in order over the winter, then I started taking her to appointments and the grocery store. I didn't know until she passed that she had updated her will to leave it all to me."
"Thank you, Tony." Steve spoke quietly, but genuinely and Tony wanted to ask what for, or make a joke and shrug it off, but there was something about the way Steve had said it. The sentiment was layered and went so much deeper than Tony could have imagined something so simple could have. So he swallowed back whatever awful knee-jerk reaction was bubbling up within him and just reminded himself to breathe.
"You're just that delicious." Tony teased, finally pushing himself upwards and forcing himself to wake up. "Now what were you saying?
"Groom walking" Natasha spoke to her ear. "I repeat. Groom walking."
"What about two hot people of the same sex?" Steve questioned.
"Correct again, Captain. Well, mostly." Tony sighed at his armor, twisting something around the inside of one of his gauntlets, causing an uncomfortable snapping sound, which just made Tony sigh again.
He wanted to apologize, offer his help in any way but another voice came the television speakers, one Steve knew well has Christine Everhart.
Thor sighs, and his free hand raises to grasp the back of his own neck, "I don't know how else to word this, so please forgive me for any missteps, but should you be kissing others and putting it where Tony can see?"
"I wanted to kiss you." Steve admits. "But you asked me to go, and I don't know where I stand with you anymore."
Steve rolls his eyes, Clint truly is ridiculous. "It is risky." And it is, at least for Steve. Natasha said the world thinks of him as the definition of America, their version. A straight white male who prays to God every night, helps old ladies cross the street and holds onto all those old fashioned American values.
"Finally." She huffed. "God I was starting to think you left, or were dead." Natasha didn't wait for an invitation, slipping past Tony and into his hotel room.  Tony was still waking up so he didn't even attempt to ask, instead he closed the door behind her and followed her back into his room.
Steve didn't want a Tinder. He didn't even know what a
Tony knows the drill, and raises an eyebrow as he pushes his own boxer briefs to pool around his ankles. Steve's eyes drag over his entire body, painstakingly slow, but he loves every second. He's not a shy naked nineteen year old anymore, he knows he looks much better now, and the way Steve's cock twitches is enough to let Tony know he's not the only one that thinks so.
Tony knew if he let himself fall back into self pity that he would never get out, so he did the only thing he could think of, pry open the mini bar, and call his life line.
Tony wrapped his hand around the door and flung it open, about two seconds from screaming at whoever was behind the door.  "The hotel better be on fire." He found himself glaring into the faces of Clint and Sharon.
profession, Steven." he grunted as he tightened something, Steve was sure he'd find out later, and then popped back up, tossing the wrench back into his box and giving his hands one more go over with the rag. "Besides, I'm already done, so Brooklyn can bite me."
Tony looked at the faces as Clint said something else snarky that caused Natasha to flip him off, and he couldn't help but notice the familiar wave of emotions that most people went through when meeting him. Always started with a genuine smile, and then once they realized who they were looking at it was either shock or surprise, sometimes disgust, which was usually followed by a blank stare, or another smile.  Tony's default reaction was to smile and nod.
"You're telling me, that everyone else has a social... Thing, except for me?" Steve can't believe this. He just, can't, even in  a world ruled by being connected.
Natasha hums, rolling on to her stomach. "Tony it is painfully obvious to anyone stuck in the same room as you two, that there's still something there. It's like watching two magnets fight to stay apart." Her green eyes are looking intently into hims now. "You still love him don't you?"
"This is beautiful, Pepper would have loved it here, it's a shame she couldn't come." Tony comments, glancing back up at the string lights. "What are you doing?"
In one swift movement, Steve swooped up his laptop and marched off to the elevators. By the time the elevator slowed to the workshop floor, most of his initial frustration had subsided, and he had convinced himself that it could all probably just wait until the morning. A mission report was safe within the locked out email, and he could just take it into headquarters. He could, but just the thought of facing those holier than thou tech agents in Shield Headquarters actually made him cringe, the way they looked at him with pity was just not worth it, And the elevator was already opening, and those large glass doors into Tony's shop were awfully clear.
"Your shirts are expensive." Steve reasoned into Tony's hair.
"They what?" Steve's face twisted into disgust before he found himself pinching the bridge of his nose, nearly vibrating with frustration. "They should have left me frozen."
. That's a bit too honest for him."
Steve's voice was weak, warning Tony not to look at him like that, and the rise of color from under the collar of his shirt told Tony all the reasons why he needed to stop. But Tony didn't want to stop, his chest was splitting open and his skin was burning up and he needed to touch Steve. He needed Steve, it didn't matter how much it hurt, There was no way he could go back to how it was, they would never be the same again, no matter how the night ended up now, there was no rewind.  "Do you understand that?" Tony asked "Do you understand me?"
much reason to wait... “Alright, pet, now just stay nice and relaxed...” He dribbled some lube on his jock just to be sure, then got a good hold on Tony's hips and brought him up and back. When Tony realized what Steve was trying to do, he tensed, his head lifting and turning to look at Steve, but Steve smiled and kissed along his jaw, his neck, his shoulder... “Shh, shh, I got you, this is going to be good...” Tony uncoiled, and let his head fall back again. Steve purred and lowered Tony until the head of his jock breached the ring of muscle. Tony yelped, then shuddered, every muscle going completely limp. The rest of his slide down Steve's jock was more the inevitability of gravity than any action on either of their parts.
Tony slipped two fingers under Bucky’s chin and lifted so they could make eye contact. “I accept this oath. Be welcome in my service.” He grinned. “Though, speaking of service, I do rather like you in this position. We’ll have to talk more after the honeymoon.” Bucky blushed, but didn’t look away, and Tony found himself very much looking forward to married life.
And he opened his mouth, letting a lifetime's worth of dirty talk fall free, letting forth the predator that lived under his skin. “Oh, yes, pet, God, you sound so beautiful. Oh, you love this, don't you, you're so eager for it, just look at you writhing, look at how red your ass is getting for me, oh, you're going to have the most beautiful bruises, and I'm going to fuck you later, just dig my thumbs into these bruises til you cry out just like you are now, God, look how much you can take, I had no idea...” His jock was hard again, positively
Loki came back, for those of you who’ve missed him. Now you can see that he was off plotting, of course; where or what else would he have been doing? And yes, re: some of the comments I got, I do kinda feel bad for Steve. I’m trying to make him be less of a dick and usually the way that happens in real life is that the universe makes someone appreciate how good they’ve got it by making everything terrible for them for a while. So, this is me, serving as the universe.
He stands and turns, heading out of the lab.
“He’s laughing at you,” she said, after Steve had kicked one agent down a flight of stairs. The man had managed to nearly clip Hawkeye with a lucky shot, and Steve was absolutely not in the mood after doing this for an hour. “He says you’re going into mama-bear mode.”
Steve grinned. “You’re amazing, JARVIS. You know that, right?”
Two fingers twist into Tony,
Steve thinks about telling Tony to come with him, but then he can imagine it; Tony’s eyes crinkled in laughter, the heavy boughs of the cherry trees laden with pink blossoms, and all around the sweet smell of burgeoning heat as they move through the grass together. There would be talk, from some employee who had bills to pay or mouths to feed, which Steve has long learned not to be angry for. There might even be a photo.
Steve’s nowhere near as experienced as Tony in the bedroom, but nearly a year of sleeping with Tony has done a lot for his technique. With Tony barely even approaching hard, Steve can easily fit him into his mouth and throat, and that’s an incredibly strange sensation, hardening inside that soft, slick, hot place. Steve just takes it as his cock lengthens in his mouth, setting a slow, steady pace that works in counterpoint to his hands moving deliberate and slow over Tony’s body. Tony knows he’s getting older: wrinkles and scars litter unexpected places, and his veins look bluer by the day. Steve never seems to mind, his hands never anything but worshipful, and Tony thinks maybe that’s what he meant when he said that his kisses have always been the kind that could end curses. Tony’s never felt anything but strangely cherished with Steve, even when they first started and it had just been a kind of comfort sex for Tony. It was easier to talk with their bodies. Words got in the way, but Cap and Iron-Man had always moved like they were born to it, their movements clicking together like two gears perfectly machined to turn in tandem. With Steve’s hands on his skin, his mouth tracing abstract shapes over the sinew and bone of Tony’s aging spine, it was easier to forgive and forget. With Steve’s body clenching around his cock, his hair wild, eyes wide and trusting and desperate, it was easier to feel safe around him. It was easier to trust him on the field.
I have ever learned
“He’s crying,” Williams said finally, sounding bewildered.
Holds onto a rock, if the current is strong.
His last thought is that he wishes he’d had more time with Tony.
“I Intend to have you,” Loki hisses, arching into his hands. Tony grins and leans up to bite at that long neck, hard enough to leave marks on a human. Loki wraps his hand around the nape of Tony’s neck, holding him there, and Tony sucks a bruise right against his pulse point. “See if your reputation is well deserved.”
“As you say,” he says, finally, and Steve sucks in a breath of his own. He glances up to meet Loki’s eyes: green, again, bright and curious.
Steve smiled. “Thanks for looking out for us, JARVIS.”
“How did you not notice that?” Steve counters, incensed. “Tony! Did you really think I’d leave him in Nigeria if I knew?”
“Fuck.”
“Army?” Steve hazards.
“I’m holding you to that,” he says.
He stops, swallows, and Tony knows what he’s going to say before it happens.
“I have accelerated healing, and only do that when absolutely necessary in combat,” Steve snapped, an old argument. Tony’s delighted laughter was the only response he could hear, and he turned back to see Tony completing a barrel roll, arms spread out wide. He soared up, up, higher than Steve could see with the glare of the sun, and then he fell backwards with the kind of unmistakable joy that could only be called a giggle.
“Did you know,” Tony asks, because he can’t quite stop himself, “that about 60% of the 500 million or so neurons an octopus has are in their tentacles?”
“Then he’ll still be dead.”
Anyway, sorry about that! As always, dunno when the next update will be, but I've got this long ass chapter for you. Hopefully it's worth the wait.
“Interesting reaction,” Steve hums, and okay. That’s just not on.
The professor grins at him, a sharp spike of satisfaction passing over his kind face. He rests his tea cup on the edge of his desk. “I don’t like the word enhanced to refer to those with the X-gene,” he says, steepling his fingers together. “But, if you’ve done any research on me, you already know that. Enhanced is inaccurate.
“Holy God,” Steve breathes, jaw dropping open.
“Harder,” Steve tells him, and so Tony does it again, harder. He tightens his hold on Steve’s thighs and calves.
“You can follow some threads to the SHIELDRA data dump,” Natasha adds. “Track his missions against mine, and you’ll see a pattern overlap.”
“Yes, you do,” Steve said, uncovering Tony’s present. It was an image of him and Steve in the workshop, Tony explaining the basic theory of wormholes to him complete with holographic aids. Tony’s expression was rapt, full of manic joy the way he always was when he was caught up in something, but Steve was just staring at him with stars in his eyes. His expression was transparent, smitten. He looked so in love, and it was this that he wanted Tony to see. He wanted Tony to know how much he was cherished, how beautiful he was when he was happy and excited, how much Steve loved him.
“You would have done worse, just for the insult,” Pepper sniffs, which, yeah. Okay. That’s totally true.
“What are you doing?” Tony asks him.
He’d never been addicted to anything. Between growing up with an alcoholic father, living in poverty, and his own sickliness, addiction had never really been in the cards for him. After the serum, it was near impossible for most drugs to even work on him, without complex calculations that really only Tony, Bruce, and a handful of SHIELD personnel knew the ins and outs of. But despite all that, this was what he imagined addiction felt like. He knew that spending time with Tony was torturous, but still he couldn’t help initiating it. He felt like one of Iron Man’s sobbing fans, begging for any scrap of attention that he could get, or worse, one of the omegas that panted after Tony at parties like they had any chance with the man.
“I’m staking my claim, remember?” Steve panted. He dipped his head, sucking a brutal, visible mark high enough on Tony’s neck that he’d have to cover it with makeup to prevent it from being seen. He’d probably regret that later, but for now Tony sighed like a song and curled up into him like he’d never felt anything better, and that alone was enough to bring him to the edge. He pulled back, eyes fighting to stay open as he bit his lip and stared down at Tony, working his cock and sweeping a possessive gaze over miles of lovely, tanned olive skin.
Tony winces. “Peter…” He sighs. “Maria already softbanned me from visiting. Said something about it being unhealthy.”
“Do you?” Tony asks, mildly curious. It’s an act, but Maria lets him get away with it. It’s the closest thing she has to kindness. “Were you there?”
Right. He has to answer.
“Yeah,” Tony says, opening his arms. Steve steps into the circle of his embrace with a hiccoughing sound, pressing his face to Tony’s throat. “Rough day for everyone, huh.”
I can fix the armour. Let me try. It’s the least I can do.”
“Yeah.”
“Well, you know more than me, that’s for sure,” Steve says.
“You should probably sit down,” he says, and gestures to the couch. “JARVIS, let us know if Widow’s on the move.”
“Stark?”
“Cap!” Tony shouts, to no avail. He sends the legionnaire after him, some use that’ll do. He can’t see anything, and he can’t get close. “Fucking Christ on a pogo stick, Cap, just get your ass back out here-”
“Any luck?” Steve asked, and Bruce turned to blink at him from behind his glasses. His apologetic expression spoke volumes, and Steve sat down at the table with his hand over his mouth. “Let me have it, then.”
He knows it isn’t normal for people to clap after eulogies, but the deafening silence that accompanies Tony’s exit from the stage feels deeply wrong. More people are supposed to speak, and Steve might have liked to hear them, but instead he’s tugged along as Tony keeps walking: around the back of the stage, and down, into the thicket of graves and further, not even really looking where he’s going.
“If you’re cleared for the field why aren’t you acting as the leader of the Avengers?” Tony demands, still refusing to look away from Steve’s face. Bruce sighs, but Tony doesn’t let that get to him. He knows when he’s being manipulated.
,” Steve says, expression folding into pain, and Tony holds up a hand.
"Well." Tony paused, pulling his head through his t-shirt. "Now I'm not sure I want to tell you since all you do is judge me."
some trouble you got into at the bar last night?"
They had spent the entire day at the lake, drinking, smoking pot and eating junk food, and right after Tony did that back flip off the dock, Steve called him crazy and then said he loved him. Tony remembers laughing it off, because no one could love him. Later when they were kissing under the stars, Steve repeated himself and Tony knew it was real.
"This one isn't so bad." Steve says looking at a new one. "It just saying Oh Em Gee is that Tony's workshop, with a bunch of hearts, how do people spot this kind of stuff?"
Steve turned to look at Tony, slowing his treadmill only a fraction. "I would, yeah."
"I'm sure if you are." Sam said with a shake of his head. "But so help me God if this backfires and prevents me from getting any dates-"
It's the morning after, and it's time for reality. Maybe, just maybe, it can be as sweet as the dream world Tony wants to live in. Tony has to go home and then two weeks goes by.
"You're so fucking gorgeous." Steve's words vibrated against Tony's neck as he spoke them, his lips close around the skin, teeth nipping, and all Tony can reply with us a moan as he leans into what is going to brown and blue proof by the morning.
"We need to talk." Tony regrets the words as soon as they leave his mouth, and he can see the way Steve hates how they feel against his ears, and he wishes he could take them back.
“Fifteen, and then I gotta turn the temp down. Another thirty, forty minutes after that.”
“I can handle it,” Nat said, and Steve glanced at her.
“I can’t,” he protested, panic clawing at his chest, “I can’t go back without Tony. I can’t-”
,” Tony gasps, and Steve smiles against the skin there. “Oh- wait-”
There was a moment where he thought Tony might say something else. He looked vulnerable, suddenly, quiet as he studied Steve’s face, searching for something there that only he could name. Eventually, he nodded, and let Steve drag him to one of the full beds that Steve had piled with bags of steaming food. They’d found a quiet flat to rent for a few days away from the glitz and glam of the main city, where Tony was sure to be recognised. Tony had complained for ages about it, saying that there was no reason they should be staying in Chengdu and not living it up in a luxury hotel, but Steve had thought it was better if no one knew that they were in the country. Now, he wasn’t so sure. Would it have been better to be in a fancy hotel with undeniably clean sheets, at least somewhat sheltered from all the smog with top-of-the-line air filtration systems?
Steve must fall asleep, although he doesn’t remember it. He isn’t sure where he goes when he sleeps. He doesn’t know if he dreams.
“Oh,” Steve said, flushing. He fumbled it out of his pocket, opening the box and offering it to Tony with a bashful expression. “I…I went to your jeweller. I mean, JARVIS sent me- Uh. Joe said you’d love it-”
Tony barks out a laugh, fingers skimming over the tablet as he puts the footage into four splitscreens at 1.5x. In one, Amora turns soldier against solider, rows of men and women fighting each other.
beautiful things
. “This doesn’t make any sense. None of it. I feel like I’m missing something, something big-”
“Remember the whole, nuke, wormhole thing?”
Moving is strange in this new body. Everything is rough and painfully dry against his skin. He should probably get into a tub, and soon.
Steve doesn’t say anything, and Tony swallows. “Rhodey and I found out SHIELD used my and Eric Selvig’s tech in a brainwashing program, trying to contain enhanced supervillains in a fucked up Stepford-esque suburban town. That’s why we’ve seen this ridiculous uptick in small-time supervillainy. Fatal Attraction and Co. broke them out.”
“You definitely need to sit down,” he says, and Steve nods to the couch. He begins dragging them both there, settling Tony into an armchair and then folding himself over the side, draping one warm, heavy arm across the back of Tony’s shoulders.
“SHIELD knows,” Tony said dismissively, waving a hand. “I have so much dirt on them I could bury them six times over. I’ve got a lot less to lose.”
Tony still doesn’t know what he’d done to deserve Pepper Potts. He met her before he’d turned his life around, at a time when he was in no position to be worthy of love from anyone, let alone someone like Pepper. If the raucous bacchanalia of his nights hadn’t been enough, the shirking of his daily responsibilities should have done it. The fact that Pepper loves him doesn’t make sense. Even now, on rare days when the sun shines down on the gleaming spires of the city he’s bled to protect and he doesn’t completely hate himself, he doesn’t understand it. It feels like there’s nothing worth all the things he’s put her through within him.
, and he certainly can’t tell Steve.
“Do you see Tony at all?” Steve asked, taking one of the recommended appetisers and humming in surprise at the taste. It was both sweet and savoury, some sort of compote mixed in with the musk of organ meat. Tony always went a little crazy at his parties, and the SI Holiday Party was notoriously extravagant. Apparently there were even celebrities who wanted in, but Tony was pretty firm about the fact that this was for the employees. They even had a little red carpet with professional photographers, so everyone could come and pose and get their photo taken. It was sweet, watching groups of awkward coders posing together in their fanciest clothes. Tony could be so sweet.
"You heard the woman," her counterpart says, a little less breathily. "You, sir, are a
something, don't make me give you handcuffed CPR,
He's rearing back to plant his claws right in the center of its chest when a metal hand reaches up from behind and tears off its head.
Tony considers the profile of his face while he looks into the fireplace.  She specifically brought him here because this is the best room in the tower for sex--besides, of course, her bedroom, but that can come later.  Right now, she leans over to carefully, gently, set her drink on its coaster, and then slowly leans back, catching his attention.  He's got an eyebrow raised, looking at her with a question in his eyes.  God, he's so hot.
Steve's right.  He's completely right, as usual, but that doesn't mean Tony has to like it, and now her vision is getting all misty.
Tony just looks at him.
"Wipe your face after you eat, young man," she complains, turning away from his mouth and chin that still practically glisten with her wetness, and he rolls his eyes.
They nip up to the bar for a bottle of brandy and tote it up to the roof, on Tony's suggestion. She feels the need to be outside beneath the open sky, after spending so much time cooped up in the lab.
"No idea, but he's ruined my nightcap. You better have a damn good reason for disturbing the sanctity of my roof, pal," Man-Tony snaps, on his feet and scowling at the man despite their several-inch height difference.
She can feel the pads of his fingers touching her inner thighs right below where her panties are soaking through her jeggings (don't judge; it's a legitimate fashion choice) and it makes her squirm, press down in his grip without thinking until she's grinding against his lap, making his hands clench and spasm, and
"Tony," Steve says warily, an unspoken question in his voice.
for it, driven wild as one of his hands splays over her stomach, fingers spreading possessively over her skin as the other strokes up the inside of her thigh, so close, so close but
Clint, in the back, lets out a compulsive snort, and even Not-Tony smirks.
Tony, once her vision stops spinning, manages to roll onto her side and fight down the accompanying wave of nausea. She closes her eyes, chest heaving.
"Oh, Steve," she very nearly purrs, "I think this is the beginning of a
he won't like that contribution. Sure enough, the look he shoots her is sharp and tinged with warning, recalling their earlier conversation on the roof.  Tony tries her best to tell him with her eyes that just she can't help herself: if there's a
"Don't gimme that, Steve," Bucky chided him, prying the bottle out of Steve's hand with a frown. "That ain't true and we both know it.  Your soulmate's--"
Shaking off the glitz and glamour and getting out into the action made him feel even better.  With his new superhuman abilities and his lack of personal connections, Steve knew he was by far the best-qualified person to battle the specter of Hydra.  While the job was gut-wrenching, and the war changed him in ways he couldn't have ever expected or explained, taking down an awful, oppressive enemy like Hydra gave Steve a sense of purpose.  The war made him feel like he was finally
"Yeah, Katniss, I'm coming," Tony calls back, then turns and smiles at Steve and Natasha. "And that's my cue to leave."
"Well, you know, that's all kind of personal and I wasn't sure if I should--"
"Good idea," he agrees, eyes meeting hers as he pulls his hand back and scoots up the covers, leaving her to crawl forward on her hands and knees to meet him.
Bruce murmurs something to Man-Tony, and a moment later, Tony hears the two of them plus Clint leave.  The door shuts quietly behind them.
That said: coming up from the ice with words on his arm initially threw him for a loop.
"I can bring you some of Pepper's stuff to use, if you'd like," he offers apologetically. "I think she uses Lancôme."
her, in the bed and out of it.  Sometimes, sex with him feels like a battle of wills; it's heady and intoxicating.
All these people fumbling around in the dark with no idea who they might meet when, or if anybody is really right for them.  Who fits?  Who doesn't?  Who's really meant to be?  They could pass the love of their life in the street one day and walk away, never to see them again, and spend the rest of their years unfulfilled, never knowing why.  So many uncertainties, so many what-ifs--so many potential missed chances--and no guarantees.  It would drive Tony nuts, even just the thought of it.
eyes and rubs her waist where he's cuddling her--and, oh,
desire to have it in my mouth a second time." His bare feet are pressed carelessly against the edge of the countertop, speaking to how relaxed he is. "And I just had the bathrooms cleaned, so."
So instead he stares at her flatly. "Thanks, princess, but there's a far better likelihood I'll be spending the next few years wiping someone else's wrinkly ass."
Finding the ways the city hasn't changed helped a lot.  Some of Steve's favorite stores are still open, and the streets are by and large still in the same places as when Steve knew them like the back of his hand.  Brooklyn was hard for him to walk through at first, but when Steve sees things like the corner store where he and Bucky lifted that bottle of whiskey from a shelf with sticky fingers--well, for a little while, all of it hurts a little less.
"Okay.  Well, it was worth a shot," Tony mutters, closing her eyes and lifting one hand to her temple as her headache rears its ugly head, a wave of pain pulsing through her as she sways back from the couch.  Steve takes her other hand, and she leans against him, steadying herself.
Natasha regards her solemnly. "Less compromised," her eerily distant friend says, "and more of an unknown element."
you move that your broad shoulders are currently the only thing between our gracious host's eyes and my vagina," Tony informs Steve faux-casually.  He stiffens in a completely unenjoyable way against her thighs, and yanks the sheet up the bed so hard Tony hears threads rip.
"Tell them we'll be right out, JARVIS," Steve says, draping their used towels back over the towel bars.  She takes a moment to admire his ass as he reaches for his clothes, which he's left in a neatly folded pile on the counter, and begins pulling them on.  Watching him, Tony suddenly realizes something.
"That's one word for it," Steve says, shaking his head. He looks back at her, then adds somewhat ruefully, "I guess I can understand your feelings about my double, now. This is incredibly confusing."
Steve's laughing, like he always does when she plays hot and feisty, and catches her wrists.  Tony lets him and, when he leans in for a kiss, deliberately dodges away with a raised eyebrow.
Steve, that is," he clarifies, glancing at the other Steve, "hasn't come through."
As Tony continues to creep closer and still fails to get any sort of reaction from him, she starts to get a sneaking suspicion about what's going on...
What a pile of bullshit.
"Why don't you complain about it some more,
unheard of: everyone knew someone with a mother's brother's hairdresser's second cousin who didn't have a soulmate.  The second they found out you didn't have words, it always came out--every street corner, every paper stand, every pizza shop.  It followed him everywhere.  Then, of course, there were the urban legends, the fairy tale villains, and all kinds of religious discussions surrounding older folks with blank skin.  In the old days, Steve tried not to let the prejudice get to him.  Matter of fact, most people weren't even born with words, anyway--in the 40s, age differences made the blank-to-written ratio for newborns about a sixty-forty split.  It made it easier.
"Well?" he prompts, raising his eyebrows at her exactly the same way she does when she's impatient.  Seeing it on a male face is weird, even weirder than she thought it would be.
, Steve," Bucky said some time later with a grimace, patting Steve's back as he emptied his stomach into a nearby sewer grate.  The whiskey burned coming up. "Look, you--we're gonna find you someone, okay?  We're gonna find you someone else who ain't got words.  Hell, if anything, pal, you've always got me.  And, y'know, whatever bum loser this '
Still, the strangest thing about waking up, without question, was discovering his skin is no longer blank.
"Mmm, after," Steve decides, turning his head and giving a gentle nip at her wrist before he visibly turns himself back to the question at hand, straightening up underneath her on the bench.
Tony makes a noise of surprise when Steve flips them unexpectedly; for a second after she hits the bed, she just lays there, breathless and reeling from the change in perspective.
can do to change that," he says gently. "Look, Tony--they aren't us.  They don't get a guarantee that there's someone out there somewhere, waiting for them; they don't get a yes or no.  Even if there're somehow still soulmates, even if everyone's got a perfect match, they've got no way of knowing who it is--and neither do we.  No, listen: you were born a
With that in the air, they fold back into each other desperately.  Tony clings to Steve tightly as he thrusts back into her; her nails will probably leave marks on his back like crescents, but she can't bring herself to care.  Considering the way he's wrapped so tightly around her when he's normally so gentle, so careful of his strength, she knows he probably won't care, either.
"Miss Stark," JARVIS says, bringing Tony back to the world of the living. Her hands pause in what they're doing, and she tilts her head.
"Steve, they must be
Tony, without reacting, faces forward again and maintains her casual expression despite the growing pit in her stomach, and inwardly wonders exactly what the hell has happened here.
Tony really doesn't know how this happened.
"Tony Stark," both Tony and her counterpart respond in snarky, defiant unison. A look of comprehension dawns on Doctor Strange's face.
it was a relic that did this," Bruce clarifies carefully, frowning in that way he does when he's chewing through a puzzle that he hasn't quite worked out yet.
true.
"Drink your Gatorade, Tony," Steve says instead, patently ignoring her poorly executed innuendo.  Tony rolls her eyes, but does as he says, sipping slowly at her second bottle even though she's no longer thirsty.  She soothes her undamaged ego by reminding herself that it doesn't actually matter at this point how he responds to her cheap shots at seduction: Steve's a sure thing.
Fortunately, before Clint could say anything further, Tony swept down the stairs. “I'm here, I'm here, sorry, there was just this idea I needed to jo... oh.” Steve had turned to look at him, and apparently just that was enough to make Tony forget what he was saying. He was standing on the bottom step, his mouth hanging open slightly and his eyes roving hungrily over every inch of Steve's form. Of course, Steve was doing the same right back. Tony's slacks and jacket were charcoal grey, and tailored close to his body, and his shirt was carnelian, the deep red bringing out the tint of his lips and a fire in his eyes.
Tony smirked. “I thought you were the only one allowed to hurt me.”
Tony was grinning hard enough to hurt his cheeks, and now he started laughing. “Oh, my god, I just deflowered Captain America!” His mouth snapped shut, and his eyes got as wide as they would go. “Oh, my god! That was you without any practice or experience or anything? Hot damn, get you some training, you are going to be a sex god, I don't know whether I want to share you with everyone, or at least the people I want to reward, or just keep you for myself and gloat to people that they will never have sex as good as what I'm getting.” He zoned out for a second, imagining the possibilities, then snapped back to the moment. “Oh, my god, I just took Steve Rogers' virginity!” He bounced to his feet, barely noticing the pains of their stomachs unsticking and Steve's cock sliding free. His afterglow usually left him sleepy, even lethargic, but right now he was overflowing with energy. He did a little victory dance, grinning at Steve.
Steve panted as he struggled to get his bearings. “I- I almost- God, Tony, I'm so sorry!” He started to reach for him, but stopped himself, curling both hands against his chest. “I don't...” He realized he was trembling.
*A*A*
Central Park was bustling, no surprise on a sunny Saturday, but most people were on the move, strolling or jogging or chasing a dog. Tony laid out the blanket he was carrying on a bit of hill overlooking The Pond, and they sat, just watching everyone else going by and enjoying the quiet moment. Steve silently got out the sandwiches, passing Tony's over, and unwrapped one of his own. He took a deep, cleansing breath before biting in, wanting to savor every detail of this moment. Tony's hair was haloed golden-dark by the sun, angelic curls in artful disarray, and his eyes were glowing amber. He was grinning wide enough that Steve suspected anyone looking at him could tell he was on a date; Steve was pretty sure his own expression was not much better.
Oh, and Tony was back to that genuine grin. Oh, that was a very good sign. “Nah, this is good. Souvenirs! They're not even that bad.” He sprawled out, looking utterly debauched, and Steve felt his lust beginning to build. “Heck, I've gotten worse sparring.” And now he was thinking about them sparring, wrestling for dominance... “Hey, now. I am in no way upset here. Seriously, Pepper used to give me these scratches all up and down my back....”
After that, the assistant brought out the trousers and jackets that they had closest to Steve's size, and he was bundled in and out of several of them, then he had to stand still as Marco and the assistant pinned and stitched and snipped over and over. By the time they were done, Marco was beaming like the sun, with a notepage completely full of measurements, the assistant looked like he'd run a race in the middle of summer, Tony positively radiated smugness, and Steve? Well, Steve had three new suits, with shirts, ties, and promises of more to follow, but he felt like he'd been trampled by the Hulk.
, now that the hard part was over, he could maybe start thinking about... Well, kissing and all of that. He could look at Tony's lips across the table and wonder how they would feel against his. He could watch those hands, usually so mobile, currently moving tikka masala mechanically from bowl to mouth, but still elegant. He could think about Tony's body, usually barely-covered in worn t-shirts and old jeans, but with wiry muscle showing through. Oh, those muscles. For all he talked about getting people to do things for him, Tony preferred to do everything in his lab himself, and when that was electronics and robotics, he ended up lifting and hauling some pretty substantial chunks of metal, and it showed. He would never compare to some of the 'gym rats' Steve had seen on Coney Island this summer, but then again Tony didn't try for his muscles. He just lived his life, and a fantastic body just sort of happened for him. Once, Steve would have been jealous, but now he was mostly enjoying the view.
With no more warning than that, one of Tony's long, delicate engineer's fingers (and callused, don't forget those -
Next he tried suckling on the whole head, and Tony's hand immediately tangled in his hair, seeming to need the grip. “Oh, fuck, Steve, that is so fucking good, how the hell are you this good at-” He lapped at the slit again, without releasing the suction, and Tony tried to buck up again. Steve settled his other hand on Tony's hip, holding him in place properly, and Tony shuddered and went totally limp.
“I’m pregnant.” Steve’s voice, quiet as it was, cut across Wilson’s stridency like the sharpest of swords. “Bucky’s been helping me through my heats for a couple of years now, and I suppose this last time we forgot the sponge.” He put a hand on Barnes’ arm. “Tony’s not going to hurt you, though. He promised me.”
Before he could even think about it, Tony was back on the bed, stretching out next to, but not quite touching, Steve. “Hey, I'm pretty pleased with you, too. That was incredible. Seriously. I never would have guessed that it was your first time. And I won't tell people if you don't want me to.” He was suddenly overcome with fear, almost panic, and he turned his face away, talking to the pillow rather than Steve's face. “I mean, we don't have to tell anyone about any of this, if you don't want to. I know people don't brag about me, except to the tabloids.”
Pepper looked at him like he might actually be a live bomb. “A press conference. On a personal matter. Tony, are you
Steve whipped around to gawk at him, his face bright red. “I wasn't asking
Tony was flooded with a complicated mix of emotions, and decided on the simplest two to focus on- humor and lechery. He leered. “Aw, really? I was so hoping to see you in nothing but an apron and rubber gloves...” He leaned in to slide his tongue into Steve's mouth, and 'accidentally' rub his thigh on Steve's cock, and the kiss got very heated very quickly.
Steve's mouth gaped open, panting hard, for the long minute it took for Tony to slide oh-so-slowly all the way in, their eyes still locked. When he bottomed out, Tony held as still as he could, obviously waiting. Steve blinked a couple of times, trying to get his bearings. “Oh, wow, Tony, God, that's good. That- Yeah, there will definitely be more of-” His hips hitched up without his direction, and they both gasped. “Please, Tony, oh, fuck, please fuck me.” Tony's whole body twitched and jerked, and he let out a low moan. He pulled most of the way back, then slid slowly and gently in again, hands braced on the back of Steve's thighs. Steve whimpered. “Please, Tony, I can tell you want... please fuck my ass like you want to. Please, give me more, I can take more...”
, so they moved on to a display of drawings called “
Duchess Maria clucked sympathetically. “I’m sure he is.” She turned to address the young man directly. “Now, Steven, I’m sure the alphas want to posture and bluster, but you surely want to refresh yourself after the long journey. Shall I show you to the rooms we have prepared for you?”
He took a couple of breaths, surprised at how shuddery they were, and nodded. “I want it.” He realized as he said it that it was true, he really truly wanted it. “Oh, God I want it, please, Captain, I trust you, please, please make it hurt so good...” Tony shivered, consciously surrendering to this, and felt an answering shiver run through Captain's body, and then that strong hand raised, and came down, one-two, on his buttocks, hard enough to make him yelp. Captain massaged the sore spots, spreading tantalizing heat through Tony's body. And then he began in earnest.
Tony kissed him again, but he was already sliding back into sleep. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony like he was his only lifeline, and fell back to sleep soon after, a deep sleep that was only interrupted when JARVIS pinged. “Good morning, sirs, today is Wednesday, October 3rd, and the time is 8 am exactly. Ms Potts reminds you that you have a stockholder meeting at 11 am.”
The next thing he knew, he was propped up against Tony's headboard, and Tony was gasping something against his mouth. “I want... oh, God, I want you inside me, but you're huge, you're going to have to prep me a bit first, please, I want you to...” What did he mean-? Oh, that was lubricant he'd dropped- Oh, and now he was kissing again, and Steve had to fumble with the tube of lubricant, which at least distracted his libido a little. He broke the kiss to try to get a look at what he was doing, and accidentally squeezed the tube. Well, at least it landed in nearly the right place... He scooped some of it up, trailing it along the crack until he found a different texture. He explored around it a little, getting a sense of it, then slid one finger inside.
Acting on instinct, Tony wrapped his arms around Steve, pinning his hands between them and pressing Steve's face into his shoulder. Steve nuzzled in closer, and Tony stroked his hair, as soothingly as he could. “It's ok, you're safe, I'm fine, we're all good, just breathe...”
Clint pulled Tony upright and into a group hug. “We’ll figure this out, Tin Man. We’re not letting you go that easy!” The others, even Natasha, chimed in in agreement, and for a moment, Tony was in danger of feeling actual feelings.
, right now....
go public one day (probably sooner than they meant to), and there
of a dog that small? And there's no way they're healthy!” He gestured with his sandwich, scattering bits of lettuce all around. “Who even thought they were a good idea?”
, you know? I mean, I know, as a fact, that there are images from all sorts of artists that I could go find on the Internet, but it doesn't connect to the thought that I, personally, could see those images. It's like the whole world is both bigger and smaller, somehow.”
Steve was nuzzling harder now, and his hips were starting to rock against Tony's thighs. He nipped at Tony's collarbone, and Tony couldn't repress the shiver that went through him. Steve moaned and left a trail of sloppy kisses across Tony's throat and up to his ear. “God, baby... You're so warm... Feel good... Wanna make you feel sooo good...” He rolled his hips, with unmistakable purpose, and Tony's hips snapped forward. “Mmm, yeah... Please, Tony, please let me fuck you... Make me feel alive...”
When the meal was finished and the dishes cleared away, they trooped into the living room. Tony steered Steve into the smaller couch, then snuggled up to his side. “Alright, Brucie-bear, I know I gave you movie privileges this week, what've you got for us?”
She crossed her arms and gave him a stern look. “What are your intentions with Tony?”
Tony sighed happily. “Oh, yeah.” He shifted a little, stacking his fists on Steve's sternum and resting his chin on them. “You apparently enjoyed yourself twice! Which, gotta say, cum from the first time squishing around in there for round two? Way hotter than you'd think. Guess it's been a while for you, though, huh?”
Late Thursday afternoon, Steve headed in to the team kitchen to start on dinner, only to find Bruce already there and assembling ingredients. Bruce gave him a gentle smile. “Last one before the big announcement. I thought I'd give you the night off.” Steve grinned thankfully back at him and sauntered down to the workshop to listen to Tony ramble about his latest project until Bruce called them back up.
Nat was.... quieter. She tended to sit, close but out of the way, and watch everyone else. Half a dozen times now, Tony had been in the middle of arguing some point with Bruce or Clint, or describing a scene from a movie for Thor and Steve, and had looked over to see Nat just... observing. Not quite cataloging, not even taking mental notes, just... seeing them all, noticing how they were, alone and in combination. Of course, then she would drop the perfect single-line zinger, and the target, usually Clint, would react in fake shock and horror, and Nat would get the most wicked smirk.... Tony was coming up with all sorts of plans for pranks and tricks they could do together, and he was very pleased to think of her as an awesome sister. (But never anything beyond that. Much as he liked a dangerous redhead, this one might be just a little
Barnes sagged in relief, then his chin lifted, and he took the two steps to stand right in front of Tony. He dropped to one knee and bowed his head. “For this gift, my Lord, my life is yours. I swear to you, to Steve, and to every child of Steve’s body that I will stand between you and all danger. To you, my liege, I pledge every breath in my chest and every drop of blood in my veins.”
