Wat remained silent.
John could not bring himself to return the embrace, but he buried his face in Wat’s neck as he wailed in grief and anger. This was his father, the only one he knew… He comprised everything that fatherhood meant to John. John could not bear finding out that he did not really belong here, with this man. This was his family. This family was all he had ever known, and he loved them.
John couldn’t tell whose voice it was, but for a moment he was there with the wriggling bodies, subsumed by them but also one with them, just another squirming being in the fresh and cool river water. He held his breath as a large fish’s powerful tail hit him in the face, drenching his front in water from his hair to the neckline of his shirt. The next moment, his father’s hands were hooking beneath his arms, gathering him up and out of the water, and he was leaving his newfound fish-brethren behind.
Sherlock could not believe he was still alive. Was he still alive? How could he still be alive? He looked up and saw that the blond mage was standing at the very far edge of the pit, spying down on Sherlock. Probably wondering why Sherlock was not dead yet, Sherlock figured. He rolled to his left, trying to find more solid ground so that he could take the miniscule, miraculous chance offered to him to perhaps escape this ordeal alive.
Wat laughed at his children, but he then picked some money from their till and handed it to John.
In the second hallway he peered down, Sherlock spotted Tufaena’s man. The servant had a short stature for a man, with a cropped head of light brown hair. He was looking down at something in his hands that glowed with a subtle violet light in the torchlit hall. The object had obviously been charmed by a mage, though Sherlock had not yet determined whether the servant was that same mage who had charmed it or even whether the man was a mage at all. It would be odd for a mage to be a servant, since magic was restricted to those of noble blood. The man could possibly be a mage who worked in Tufaena’s household but, if that was the case, he was clearly hiding that fact since he was not wearing a mage’s robes.
There were bushes along the plain, but few trees. The only trees present were fruit tree and had clearly been planted purposefully. A ditch ran parallel to the path they walked. Runoff water from the fields was gathered into a slowly draining stream, so slow the water was almost stagnant. Little insects lay on the water or were buzzing around it, their wings adding to the constant hum that was always in the background of John’s neighborhood.
The adults laughed at that, and Chala’s fingers settled into stillness cupping the side of her baby’s head.
Length: 18m:21s
Uncharacteristically, Jaituna had retrieved Sherlock and her hands encased his shoulders as the family swiftly exited the room. He noticed that the guards had apprehended the assassin, gagged him, and were taking him somewhere. The dungeons, Sherlock’s mind filled in, sluggishly.
'I know,' Sherlock thinks, serene at the knowledge that his regard is requited.
"John is gone," Mycroft says. "… I told you, brother mine. Caring is not an advantage."
Amused at this, John mockingly sucked his fingers in imitation. He was slightly shocked when he drew a few gazes, as well, and he ripped his fingers from his mouth immediately but could not entirely hide his blush.
Large clouds of dust had kicked up in the herd’s wake. Although they could not see the street clearly from where they crouched, it was easy to tell when the elephants had passed. The rumble of their galloping lessened progressively until it was as faint as the tremor that had preceded them, and then faded altogether.
Author's Notes: 1) I am SO SORRY this took so long. My excuse is: School. :(
Sherlock's memories of last night resurface--the kiss, the confession first, and then Sherlock's lack of answer--and he knows he must rectify his oversight as soon as possible. People have been known to do foolish things because of unrequited love, and Sherlock's reticence to voice his own feelings for John is not worth giving up John's permanent presence, permanent loyalty, permanent fix for Sherlock's addiction.
“No, the Sutleg. We had a good day and according to the moon calendar predictions, the current on the Chenab should be favorable tomorrow. I’ll be throwing my nets out around there. Well—” here Wat wrapped an arm around Harry’s shoulders and gave them an affectionate squeeze, “we will, if these two decide to come with me again. It was really great having them on board with their old dad, even if their energy for teasing each other does seem endless.”
John did not even want to talk about something happening to Wat, lest some lingering spirit hear it and make it come true. John was not very superstitious, but he was well aware that some patients died while receiving medical care, and their spirits could be hanging around. He was not taking any chances.
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mant2qjA4t1rov3vq.gif
John soon made it to the clinic. Luckily, it was less than a mile away, though it could not have been an easy trip for Wat to make while still injured. John regarded the old office. Mik had updated it, planting flora up the walkway leading to the doors. Several trees lined the front of the building. John noticed that they were various fruit trees. Though some of the trees had ripe fruit, there did not seem to be much fruit that had fallen to the ground.
they are solved, but then again John has shown himself several times over to have peculiar tastes.
This is the scent of Sherlock's happiness, his future.
Sherlock could not put his finger on it, but his brain was screaming at him; something was wrong. It was not the way he normally experienced ‘feelings’ when his logic had made such vast leaps of reasoning that it took his mind some time to fully make sense of what he had deduced. Instead, it was as if a foreign entity was imposing a feeling of dread over him, something outside of his own mind. Sherlock did not understand it.
John planned to visit Mik tomorrow. He would ask about his father’s treatment and see if there was any work available for him at the clinic.
The two princes were seated close enough that the approaching supplicants might have heard them if they spoke at a normal volume, so they both made their observations in low tones.
Length: 18m:57s
the one who killed your wife. She died because of me! Giving birth to me, and I’m not even... I’m not really part of your family. How… how have you even raised me all these years? How can you even stand to look at my face? I ruined your family… And I’m not even your son!”
As is John's kiss.
By the time John thought he had cleaned everything enough to satisfy his father, his anxiety was a tired, ever present thrum running beneath. The tanner agreed to store their meager belongings there to save John the trouble of having to put them in the icehouse storage. John was honestly grateful for the man’s considerate nature, but John did not have the energy to muster the appropriate level of enthusiasm as he thanked him.
“Will it come back?” John asked. “You missed.”
“We had only been in our new home, this house, when we received a delivery. It was a wagon full of gold, sent from Tufaena, and it came with a letter, mocking us.”
It's true what they say; before the storm, it really is peaceful.
“Are you judging me, now? Is that what this is?!” Harry yelled, too loud in the small kitchen. John was loath to even try to touch her in this state, but he wanted to get some space or Harry would deafen him. “Not everyone can just run off when they have a problem, John! I had to stay because you wouldn’t and it’s stressful and I’m all by myself and I’m a grown woman and I don’t need you! I can handle the business all alone, I have for the last seven months and I can do what I want!”
Sherlock glanced at Mycroft, incredulous and suspicious, “You expect me to believe that you’re seriously advocating anarchy right now, Mycroft? You, of all people?”
“To be fair, I would not want to take the apprentice position. I don’t want to bring up bad experiences, but I would rather resume the pseudo-assistant role that I had when I worked here last, if possible. I do expect Harry will forgive me at some point, and I’d like to go back into the family business.” John said.
What would John think of that? Sherlock's friend, whose attention and appreciation Sherlock craves, who freely gives Sherlock that devotion--when he isn't lavishing it on nonexistent hidden compartments. Sherlock tries not to be jealous.
“Yes, mummy,” Sherlock replied in a small voice, and retreated to his seat, cowed. As his nanny sat beside him and began filling his plate for him, he ordered himself not to cry. He was not a baby, to cry when he did not get his way or, more specifically, for missing his mummy.
“Sherlock, what are you on about,” came Mycroft’s harassed-sounding reply.
“One day I’m going to be even bigger than you, Harry!”
“Papa, can I have some money to get us some lunch? I’m hungry, too.”
Sherlock was struck by a memory and keeping with the sentimental atmosphere, decided to voice it, “Do you remember our bedtime ritual?”
The building was bigger inside than it appeared on the outside, and John wondered if that was because of the layout of the building. He had been taught spatial maneuvers in the military and had some extracurricular experience with puzzles. John chuckled internally; he had never thought either of those would have any practical use once he had resumed civilian life.
Chala had seen John attempting to eat his own weight in desserts, but she had been in an indulgent mood, and the other guests had simply not cared at all. Most importantly, his father was too distracted to stop him.
John entered the garden by the house’s backdoor. The trees and small garden in the small plot of land behind their home looked to be faring well, though it was slightly less lush than John remembered. Harry was not out there, either.
“Well,” Jaituna continued, then hesitated, her voice softening as Sherlock was still too shocked to reply. “long story short, you were a snake. The woman picked you up from the banks of a river and as soon as she had hidden you away in a pot, you transformed into the coronet that your father received. Of course, we had to research this. Unidentified magic cannot be kept so close the royal family, for obvious reasons. That was when we found that you were from the Snake Queen’s particular brand of magic. You know from your studies that magic often responds well to a pure, focused desire. Well, it so happens that the Snake Queen’s magic responds particularly well, though we were assured after you had been with us for a few months that you had settled. Still, if anyone outside of the enchantment discusses your true nature, you will turn back into a snake, forever.”
Sherlock overhead Mycroft mention Sherlock’s name to his dinner companion, and he ducked his head down to pick at his plate and feign eating.
“Yes, but you care about the empire more.” Sherlock said, half statement and half question.
Harry grunted and pulled a clay jug down from a shelf carved into the wall. John did not know what it contained, but he could hear its contents sloshing around inside. Harry set it down on the counter but kept her fingers wrapped around the neck of the bottle.
“Because I insist. I’m only telling you to be careful, brother mine—”
John did not want to know. He was horrified at all of this. He had thought he wanted to know, but now he knew that he did not ever want to. The pain on his father’s voice was something he had never heard before. He could only imagine what his mother had felt, to be violated in that way, to be attacked by someone she had trusted.
“Mom would have loved this,” Harry said wistfully, a little later, looking out at the sun setting as Wat maneuvered the boat back to the shore.
Length: 31m:20s
the Hippocratic Oath which John has sworn:
http://bu-ko.deviantart.com/art/Moriarty-and-Moran-280860056
Sherlock had maybe needed John a bit. A little bit. The littlest bit. So-miniscule-as-to-be-unseen-except-by-2000x-microscope littlest bit.
Deals are sealed on both sides.
A quick smile tugged up one corner of Harry’s mouth. “Of course, moron. Where do you think peach trees come from?”
After a few hours, Wat demonstrated how to pull the nets in.
Harry was alright, if that’s what one liked, John allowed with a mental snort. John had not seen her from this angle all day, and only just now noticed that she had a dark smear underneath her ear. Probably a mishap when playing with dye at a friend’s house… kind of silly, but John looked back at the food vendor and, sure enough, he was gazing fixedly at her as if he had been struck dumb.
“Well you’d better! Nobody messes with Wat’s sons!” John knew by now not to question his sister saying she was a boy. Whether she identified as his sister or brother seemed to change with the wind. All that was constant—and all that truly mattered to John—was that he was always her favorite (and only!) little brother.
John’s mouth and throat were dry, and it was only then that John realized that he had been yelling up at the boy, screaming a cheer for him that may as well be a whisper since not a bit of it was audible over the deafening roar of pounding elephant feet. The elephants thundered by and took the boy on with them. Though the feelings had been the most intense John could ever remember feelings, the entire episode only lasted moments.
“Highness?” A voice called from outside of his periphery. Male. Likely a guard, then. Compared to servants, there was a disproportionate amount of them this deep in the castle. Voice possessing a strained quality that meant he had probably been calling for Sherlock for quite some time but had lacked the temerity to approach or intrude on him.
Harry suddenly clapped her hands a few times, which startled John. Then she clapped again, almost manic.
“Papa said fruit trees are from the gods! That’s why bad mages put spells on them and we can’t eat from just any tree. Because they all look the same.”
A laugh emerged from the carriage, sharp and cruel and cold, like a thief’s dagger.
Jaituna was quick to respond to that and all uncertainty instantly left her face, “No, I
“What did you say?” Harry asked.
Sherlock twisted around to see if he could spot Mycroft but was careful not to move far enough that his mother’s warm hand fell from his head. To his disappointment, Mycroft was quickly approaching. The crowd had thinned as they entered the room, which had made it easier for Mycroft and his posse of personal assistants to fight his way through to them. Sherlock considered Mycroft's red, sweat-damp face and heaving breaths as consolation to being caught.
No one in the empire would ever openly say they did not love the empress, Jaituna. Still, no one could claim a love that came close to Siger’s. Rumors of the regard between Jaituna and Siger had existed even during her first marriage. After a brief marriage of political advantage to her first husband, who had died less than two years into marriage, the empress had hardly waited a respectable mourning period before marrying again. It had clearly been as much a love match as her previous marriage had not been, and it was apparent to anyone who saw Siger’s face as he spoke of her how very much in love he still was.
The next morning, John woke with a jolt. For a moment he was sure he was in his bunk in the barracks, but then the muted light from the covered window reminded him that he was back home, in his childhood room. John considered it unfortunate that the window was mostly blocked by the pile of furniture. John had always had a fondness for the way the pre-dawn light had spilled in through his window. Thinking about it now made him nostalgic even though it was barely getting into the room.
Wat took mercy on the boy and answered for him, “Because we might touch something outside that has a curse or a spell on it, without knowing. Our family is special. Magic does not work on us the same way that it works on other people. You probably won’t be exposed to magicks throughout the day since we are so far from the palace and never around any magic-wielding nobles.
Being tedious was certainly no crime, and no real reason to change professions, but… it just was not what John preferred.
John still doesn't know how Sherlock returns his affection, and he could be doing something foolish at this very moment! Sherlock has to find him.
, John promised himself, but as soon as I can. As soon as we get home.
Even after he had climbed fully out of the pit, more breathless from the adrenaline than the activity, Sherlock was almost in denial that he could still be alive after falling into the pit. He looked around, but he was alone. When he tried to regain his feet, he could not stand. His legs would not stay under him, even when he thought about the fact that the mage, and therefore Lord Tufaena, had gotten away and could be up to anything without anyone being the wiser.
John is standing sentinel, back stiff and hands held neatly together at his lower spine, leaning slightly forward to inspect the very baseboard that had earlier allowed Sherlock to deduce the placement of the hidden compartment where stolen valuables had been sequestered. That had been the conclusion of the case. It had been a simple thing. Sherlock had not even needed John. He had hardly needed John...
Wat had lurched closer to the spilled light of the kitchen lamps, and John was able to see his father dressed in a loose, overlarge shirt and walking with the aid of two crutches. Wat appeared smaller than John remembered, but John considered that may be just because John had grown bigger himself. Wat approached until he could wrap John in his arms in a bear hug. John noticed that his father leaned on him more heavily than before, likely for support in the momentary absence of the crutches. When Wat had leaned back and stabilized himself on his crutches, John finally looked back to Harry. She was glaring at the both of them.
Sherlock emerged into a dim hall, lit by even fewer torch lamps than any of the halls he frequented, even the ones from earlier. He could hear the various sounds of the kitchen just fine, but his sight was very encumbered by the sudden onset of near complete darkness. Sherlock rapidly realized that the servants obviously could not complain about the issue and therefore likely received a lower standard of everything available in the palace. Sherlock had not considered it before, but now that he realized it, it struck him as a matter of fact.
Sherlock’s heart skipped a beat in excitement. He eyed his mother in disbelief. It sounded as if she was saying he might get out of the palace, away from the monotony of the contradictory restrictions he suffered under every day.
As they approached their own home, Harry—with her patently boundless energy—released a woot and skipped ahead to their front door.
P.S. This is about where I realized that the later chapters get longer and longer...
“What’s wrong, Harry?” John asked, leaning against the doorframe of the kitchen while Harry ate silently.
John offered to help with the sled and only received an appraising once-over and a curt denial. They followed Mik into an empty room near the back of the clinic, where Sarah began to unload the meat.
John put a hand on Harry’s shoulder. “Move, let me help you with that.”
There's a pause, and then Mycroft sighs. Sherlock can not understand the level of despair in the sound, and wonders briefly whether it is put on, whether Mycroft is attempting to manipulate him, and what Mycroft could have to gain by doing that.
So, why then, why was his father so tense? John realized that his thoughts were going in circles. He would simply have to ask his father, though he intuited that now was not an appropriate time, not with some strange lord gazing down on them like they were pets instead of people.
Chapter title from "Wrecking Ball" by Miley Cyrus.
“I like Wat, but your sister is crazy.” Sarah replied bluntly, “And I just met you. I wouldn’t trust you not to cheat me, either.”
“No, no,” John was quick to reassure Mik.
Author's Notes: I'm so sorry for the delay! Back in school and buried by life. But I know where this story is going, and when my internet is returned to me tomorrow *grumble grumble growl* I can keep writing more insteadofstudying--I mean, when I am all done with homework, naturally.
Their mother's answering smile was equally small and, unfortunately, equally brief, “Your intended is here tonight, my son. Do make sure that she receives our family's favor.”
They were passing a lone tree, crooked and leaning, looking one strong wind away from falling into the Sutlej and being swept away. John looked into it and froze in fear. Harry was perplexed by her brother’s behavior and stopped beside him.
“I don’t believe that either. Everyone knows that soldiers get paid a lot more than what you’ve been sending here. And you’re trying to convince me that I somehow got all of your other letters and not this last one? I’ve grown up since you left, John. I’m not that gullible anymore.” Harry spat.
John released a breathy sigh at the words and leaned more heavily against the wall at his back.
“That’s for the fish to swim in while we take them back.” Harry told John sagely.
John could hear his father’s voice as he approached the boat.
Peripherally, Sherlock caught movement by one of the doors exiting to the hall outside of the dining room and only just barely saw the servant Tufaena had been conversing with earlier slip out of the room. Sherlock spared a brief moment to beg his nanny even more intensely for a specific dessert that was a little out of her reach. Once the woman had turned away to grab it, he slid from his chair and under the table. On hands and knees, he swiftly crawled out between the legs of his chair and scuttled across the floor and out into the hallway.
“Even when you’re all grown up, you still have to be very careful, John. Don’t forget, okay?” Wat reached down for John. John raised his arms so that his father could lift him up, since he was not tall enough to reach the shelf on his own.
John reentered the house and decided to wait for Harry. He knew that undertaking all of the fishmonger duties herself was likely time-consuming and exhausting. When all three of them, or even when it had only been Wat and Harry, had carried out the duties as a team, they would have been home by now. John could not begrudge his sister taking a little longer; it was a lot of work.
“Hmph,” Harry said, and pointedly turned her back to John in order to lower the fabric shade over the kitchen window.
Wat paused there, disconcerted for some reason John did not know, but he continued before John could say anything. For his part, John had heard of Wat and Harry mention fleeting things about his mother, Harry less often as she had gotten older, but this was the most he had ever heard spoken about her at one time.
“Well,” Mik said, shrugging as he went to unlock the clinic doors to allow the general public in. “As I said, I’ve got a few extra rooms. Just let me know what you decide.”
The tedium was making him irritable. Normally, he was successful in ignoring the actions and the agendas of the courtiers, but not today it seemed.
John’s felt as if his heart had ascended into his throat as he realized, again, that there was even something to explain. They stood in silence for a few moments and John watched his father continue to struggle for words.
One of these days, I will be able to stop my two-page chapter outline from evolving into a 10K chapter. I pray.
John watched his father repeat himself, reiterating the same statements until Harry’s clenched fists began to loosen. Wat helped Harry to her feet, allowing her to maintain the loose hold she had on his shirt. Wat began moved toward the door, and John followed them.
“I went to check on Harry. They wouldn’t let me see her since she was sleeping. They said she would be fine, though…” John trailed off uncertainly.
Length: 18m:28s
, it felt like there was a stone in his chest and a bird in his belly. He was so excited by it all that he could not even feel his own heart beating.
At any rate, it had been a fairly clear case, the only hitch being that the thief had met his untimely demise before he had been able to confess the location of his spoils to NSY. One text from Lestrade to Sherlock's mobile, and few hours later has even that bit sorted, despite Sherlock's slight (unnoticeable, John, surely) lethargy. All in all, Sherlock deems this case clean enough: the case has ended without the taste of blood in his mouth, which is often the line he uses to differentiate and which fact is also likely a relief to John--if Sherlock could be bothered enough to consider that.
The woman certainly lived on a farm—the slight stains around her fingertips smacked of berry-picking and her skin was quite weathered from sun and wind—and she was a fairly recent widow, made apparent by the ill-fitting nature of her dress. It had clearly been made for a much wider woman, though not for a taller one, which indicated the dress had always been her size, and likely always been hers. Still, there was a nagging feeling, perhaps it was in his own innate magic, telling him that the woman—
“Don’t worry about her, John. She’ll come around. The last few months have been hard on her, but she still loves you.” Wat said, trying to soothe the anger and hurt that was probably writ large across his son’s face.
Sherlock rises from bed, dresses, and calls to John. When there is no reply, Sherlock checks his phone. No messages, not even any missed calls (which John does on occasion when his hands aren't free or when he just wants to annoy Sherlock, whom he is aware strongly prefers to text).
… What? Sherlock’s mind could not parse that.
His father’s morose state vanished and his countenance was, in a flash, full of unexpected fire. “I will never kneel to that monster!”
Leave me a comment if you want to talk plot points, characterization, the setting of the story, etc. I basically obsess over this so I have lots to say if you want to discuss it, lol. If you're shy, my email's in my bio :-)
John looked at Mycroft, who took his mobile from his pocket.
A heavy silence filled the room.
The commotion attracted the attention of one of the nurses passing by and she ran into the room, calling for John to release her co-worker, her voice panic-stricken. As the man tried pushing against John’s face to get him to let go, John kept the pressure, even ensuring to press harder, his jaw taught and expression unreadable as he stared into the man’s fearful eyes. It was only a moment later when there were arms around the military doctor, pulling him away from the hospital worker, who collapsed the floor, coughing and sucking in breath-after-breath as his hands grasped at his throat.
He was cut off but Mycroft grabbing his shirt collar and shoving him against the closed door.
He kept his gaze forward as Cruz turned to look at him in disbelief, searching for truth while John held on his forced anger.
“Distressing,” came the nonchalant comment.
“You have my apologies, Sherlock Holmes,” the American said as he set his hand on Sherlock’s forehead. “But if it’s any consolation, I can give you the choice of how you die.”
The comment had the sergeant and detective inspector turn their focus to the nurse, whose eyes were focused on John as he recovered. “He’s mental,” the man said, eyes narrowed as his hand was still on his neck. “I was giving the patient his medications.”
At the information, John suddenly turned back around and walked up to him, staring up at the taller man with an oddly composed rage. “Then what do you think is better, hm? Sherlock dies honestly believing his brother doesn’t give a damn about him? Or dies knowing that you tried anything and everything in your power to bring him home? Now you tell me: what would you rather have him think?”
When things happen, I read a lot.
Though it was only a few seconds, the air about made it seem minutes.
With that, he stood and made his way to the door. Walking out, he could hear Sherlock shuffle to retrieve his falling trousers. It took more will than he would have liked to admit to leave Sherlock, but it was something the genius had to come to terms with. It would be the best way for him to recover mentally, knowing how his mind worked.
John smiled as he released his mate’s hand and took another drink from his cup.
While John was gone for the day, he had continually searched for something to do – something to solve within the city. An older lady had come to the flat, requesting his help about her husband, who she said would disappear in the middle of the night while he thought she was asleep. The obvious answer of an affair had not sat well with her and she called him several obscenities before storming out, not even bothering to close the door as her heels pounded down the stairs. Afterwards, he had gone back to scouring the papers, occasionally asking John if he had anything, despite the soldier being no where near the flat. When nothing came up, he had gone back to reading, managing several books before John returned that evening.
He jerked his attention when he heard boots crunching on glass from the top of the stairs.
The Irishman raised his brow and looked down. “Thing’s still got half-a-charge.” Dreln’s response was silence and eye contact. The other shook his head, clearly annoyed. “Fine. Sure you wanna keep him out like this?” he asked, referring to Sherlock as he pressed down on the genius’s shoulder again, getting the same reaction as before.
It was the first time John had ever seen the older Holmes vulnerable, desperate and pleading.
Mycroft's emotions take hold as a long-forgotten memory is brought the surface.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We honestly weren’t expecting him to be alive. Lestrade was, though. You want to talk about a driven man,” he gave a light laugh.
Peering up, Lestrade was now standing in front of him, his face filled with concern. With a glance around, he realized there was more than one patrol car; there were four, along with an ambulance that had just turned onto the street.
Behind the camera, the man inhaled, releasing the air through his teeth.
Sherlock glanced to him briefly and went back to the text on economics, eyes darting from word to word. “You’re home early. Couldn’t sew your seeds?” he asked with a nonchalant expression as Mycroft sent a glare. “So primitive. I expected more from you.” He shut the text and turned to face his brother.
The young woman panicked, her expression becoming fearful as she stared into John’s eyes. Donovan, seeing what was happening, crossed the room to stand between them, her hand on John’s arm, getting him to release the young female.
Before John could voice it, Lestrade was on the phone, demanding to know every building in the city that had a basement, knowing the numbers would be limited. Though he was certain Donovan meant no ill-will, it was clear that she believed the search to be fruitless, certain that Sherlock was no longer within the limits of London, the group housing him elsewhere. Even if that were the case, it was better to exhaust the other possibilities.
“Well, no, obviously.”
Mary nods, impressed. “Didn’t know you were an expert of linguistics. Anyway, my turn.”
“I’ll be there,” Sherlock says in a soft, reassuring voice.
“I know,” Sherlock says, blinking back his tears before they part.
“So you were never in love with her,” John says.
John loves Sherlock. And Sherlock loves John, and Molly, in two different ways, but neither is any less love than the other.
“Yes! That’s the name! So it is true then?”
He does, and she listens, occasionally glancing up and loving the way his eyes light up when he talks about topics he’s into, albeit objectively boring ones.
Sherlock closes his eyes, just for a moment, remembering all those times in which he found himself wishing that John had never met Mary, that John still lived in Baker Street. It’s a thought he regrets, now more than ever, because it would mean Sherlock wouldn’t have met Mary either, and it doesn’t sound much of an appealing scenario.
Irene seems shocked to learn that tomorrow is his birthday, and he reveals her that he never really tells anyone. Even John doesn’t know. Being born is not an accomplishment, really, not something he sees the point in celebrating.
“Your secret is safe. You can count on me,” she says softly.
“I’m sorry, I’m afraid only family is allowed to stay beyond visitation times… are you family?” she asks Mary.
“Good job, Watson,” he whisper, letting her rest her head on his shoulder. She smells good. He knows it’s part of nature’s way of making babies more appealing, together with disproportionately big eyes, but she actually smells good. And now that she’s stopped crying, he even finds her irresistibly cute. It’s a sentiment he doesn’t recognise. A surge of love, he would say, that almost forces him to keep smiling at her and kiss her cheek. She laughs. He’s never heard her laugh before. He thinks it’s the most adorable sound he’s ever heard.
“Well, I’d say everything went smoothly.”
“It’s fine by me, yes,” John replies, and for the first time since the beginning of this discussion, the straight expression on Sherlock’s face gives way to a shy, v-shaped smile.
“You might quite like this one.”
Sherlock loves the way everyone treats his sister nicely, in spite of everything she’s done. They treat her like the human being Sherlock knows she is, and he’ll be forever grateful to all his friends for this. They’re doing this for him, after all.
Lestrade too conforms to his plan when Sherlock walks out of the darkness in the underground car park.
For a second, they just stand there in front of one another, letting sentiment go unspoken.
“How did you know where to find me?” Sherlock asks.
“Mary please, stay,” he repeats one last time, his arm so stretched it hurts.
He lets himself enjoy it. It’s just Sherlock.
At the end of the two weeks, Sherlock still isn’t cleared to go, and much to his dismay, his hospitalisation period gets extended for another five days. Mary keeps visiting, every day, and he could never thank her enough for making his days tolerable.
John hums. “Bastard… and I have to go back into my oven.”
“No, he’s… he’s my brother, my husband is parking the car, he should be here at any moment,” Mary replies, looking up at Sherlock from the gurney where she’s lying. She takes his hand, winking, and he smiles for the first time that evening at a simple definition that seems to be recurring between them.
A smile is all Sherlock could have asked for the day.
Alone was easier, but he can’t deny to himself that he likes having a partner. He likes having a friend.
“Yes, it’s what I said.”
“I have frequent insomnia episodes, whilst your sleeping habits tend to be fairly regular,” Sherlock points out.
“Nothing of sorts.”
He takes the deepest breath, his eyes fixed on hers. “Yes.”
Instead, John just nods. “You know what, maybe it’s just that it’s late, but I agree with you.”
“Sherlock, either you’re letting me check your ankle or I’m driving you to the hospital right now, your choice.”
Albeit reluctantly, Sherlock has to let go.
She laughs. “Have a safe journey. I’ll text you,” she adds.
John wants to have sex. Obviously. John is a sexual man, of course he wants to have sex. One would say Sherlock wants it too, as it is evident by the arousal in his pants that has only flagged a little bit. He opens his eyes to glance down, immediately observing that John is finding himself in the same situation.
“I said I hope he doesn’t-“
Sherlock thinks he’s never felt so comfortable in his entire life.
Mycroft scoffs, immediately understanding what his brother is referring to. “Oh yes, my best. Hiding my sister in a high-security prison, lying to my family about it, then letting her meet a criminal mastermind, who also happens to be my little brother’s nemesis, thus giving her time to organise a sadistic experiment that resulted in five dead people and in which you and I could have died as well.”
At which point, he realises his intentions might have been misunderstood.
“Oh darling, you’re already John’s best man, you can’t be my bridesmaid as well,” Mary says, and she winks.
“Besides,” Mycroft continues, “she was a… dangerous subject. She—“
say, Sherlock, that’s even worse, that’s why I never want to talk about this again, that’s why I don’t want to see you right now!”
“Sorry about that, mate,” Lestrade says, walking after him. “I’ll drive you home.”
He doesn’t expect her to reply, she never does. She usually nods to acknowledge his words, or smiles at most. This time instead he’s shocked to hear her feeble voice pronounce one distinct word.
“It is the truth. Plus I was… completely out of my mind,” the detective continues, his eyes studying his own shoes as if they were the most interesting thing in the room. The next words that come out of his mouth are barely a whisper, a part of him wishing John wouldn’t hear them. “I deserved it.”
“Big spoon or little spoon?” John asked, switching off the light on the nightstand.
Sherlock understands her better than anyone could.
John frowns, his pupils noticeably dilated. “Wha-what? Rules?”
“Or Mycroft,” Mary adds, and that gets Sherlock’s attention. “Kids tend to pick up older siblings’ musical taste. What did teenager Mycroft listen to?”
Sherlock surprises Molly Hooper waiting for her in the changing room of Bart’s Hospital. She’s startled at first, but then she grins and runs to hug him.
Mary is dead, and John blames him. Rightly so, since this is his fault.
“You said you didn’t mind,” John says as he meets Sherlock’s startled gaze.
He grins when she squeezes back. “Plus, you know, I’ve been told I follow a reckless lifestyle… do feel free to take a bullet for me at any time, and then we’ll be even,” he adds.
John who kissed him passionately, John who cupped his nape, John who flattened his palms against Sherlock’s chest.
John’s insistence is at the same time upsetting and confusing. Sherlock does know that John cares, but displays of such sentiment never fail to startle him. So much energy and thought spent in the form of concern for another human being, it’s a concept that still eludes the great detective.
He cries later, on the plane, glancing out of the window at the pieces of his heart he’s left behind.
Sherlock is taken aback by this odd request, but agrees nonetheless.
He keeps tweeting all the way to the hospital, even as he waits with Mary at the A&E while John parks the car.
“Will you take care of them for me?” she asks, stroking Rosie’s cheek with the back of her finger. “Make them happy?”
What to expect: fluff and friendship, as usual. Very minor angst. Half of the chapter is the dance rehearsal scene!
Eurus takes the picture from Sherlock’s hands, staring at it, touching it with reverence.
“About?” he says.
“Hey,” she greets, her gloved hands still deep inside the corpse’s bowels.
It’s automatic. The exact second her hand touches his flaccid penis, he grabs her wrist to stop her. One more realisation sinks down on him: he can’t do this. He just can’t.
He tried a man months later. A rainy evening, some drugs, and he walked into a gay bar in North London. He looked around. No one really caught his attention, so he just waited to be picked up, anyone would do, for science. The bloke who first approached him wasn’t bad at all, but Sherlock didn’t really feel any desire towards him. Still, they kissed. No feeling of repulsion, this time, just no feeling at all. Sherlock gave up after that. Experimenting with his mind was much more interesting anyway.
Loneliness is all Sherlock feels staring at the backlit silhouette of his brother, while finally finding the answer to a question he’s been asking himself for years now.
“You still have the wedding ring on. You could have got rid of it, but you still wear it, and on the correct finger, which means you still consider yourself married. Plus you haven’t read the contents on her memory stick yet, although you had plenty of occasions. The conclusion is you’re still in love with her.”
“I need some time to think, and I couldn’t stay at home… Honestly, Sherlock, I can’t even look at her right now.”
“She’s doing great actually… she’s very much enjoying her cottage with her new boyfriend.”
The nurse nods in acknowledgement, and Mary glances at him with a look that is between amusement and confusion. He just winks at her.
He nods, his eyes following her back to the slab where the corpse is still waiting.
John takes a step back after three seconds, and Sherlock releases a breath that he didn’t know he was holding. His pulse is elevated. The sudden lack of contact makes him feel cold. He finds himself wishing the hug had lasted longer.
John Watson is not the kind of bloke who strokes other men’s hair, or hugs them, or who feels protective towards them in general. But Sherlock is different, isn’t he, John asks himself, already knowing the answer. There’s something in Sherlock that sparks John’s affection. It’s just Sherlock.
Much later than evening, everything has gone back to usual routine. Sherlock and John sit across each other, in their respective chairs.
Sherlock tilts his head towards John, closing his eyes again. If it makes John happy, to have a body to hold and pretend it’s Mary, then Sherlock will be that body for tonight. He will never be with John that way, he’s accepted it. John belongs with Mary and their unborn child.
“Lift up you shirt,” John says softly, sounding way less medical than he planned.
He knows he’s really crossed a line when Molly Hooper slaps him, three times, right in the face. She adores him, she respects him, and now she’s so angry with him that she decides to physically hit him.
Finally, after months, maybe years of lies, John has come to terms with his feelings, with the fact that he’s in love with his best friend, a man, not that being male is, after all, Sherlock’s most remarkable feature.
And now, about two years later, he finds her in Russia, in a cold winter day that he’ll remember as one of the loneliest days of his life.
“It’s nothing unreasonable.”
“That I was scared.” He spits out the last word as if it was the farthest thing from truth.
He told himself he would lie and deny the evidence if needed, but John specifically asked for honesty. If Sherlock lies now, he can’t ever confess his love to John ever again, or John will understand Sherlock has lied to him, and will leave.
“It’s fine,” John adds, licking his lips. “It’s going to be a first time for me too.”
“Fascinating.”
“You’ve never done this before, have you?”
“Good night John,” Sherlock says. He’s going to proceed in the direction of the guest room, but John stops him wrapping his arms around the detective’s waist.
Sherlock doesn’t believe in coincidences, never has. As Mycroft always says, “the universe is rarely so lazy.”
Sherlock is thankful that Mary’s speech seems to have taken a different turn than he dreaded. The last thing John needs right now is to learn about Sherlock’s secret feelings.
John laughs. “You cock.”
“Have I ever told you how happy I am that you’re not dead?” he asks, his voice no more than a whisper. “That you’re here with me again?”
It’s okay, he thinks. He’ll just be happy they’re solving crimes again.
“I said it takes ten minutes. Just lay down and wait, I’ll see you in the morning.”
When Sherlock looks down, guilty, instead of answering, John knows he’s said the right thing. He can’t help giggling.
She grins. “Oh, bugger, you’ve caught me, Sherlock Holmes!” she says sarcastically.
“I wanted to dance with you at the wedding, but you left. You owe me one.”
“Does John know?” he asks afterwards. If Mary had her suspicions, she might have discussed them with John, and John must not know. His friendship is too precious, and even Sherlock knows that unwanted feelings ruin relationships.
The risk is minimum, but it exists.
She walks hesitantly in his direction, and he does the same. They meet halfway, falling into each other’s embrace, holding each other for a minute, his chin resting on top of her head.
John’s smiling, not a mocking smirk, an actual smile, that makes Sherlock frown, as his mind races to understand what just happened.
“What?”
. The middle,
Everyone sighs in awe and laughs at the sight of John’s eyes going wide, his mouth opening in amazement as he watches his daughter take uncertain steps towards him with Sherlock holding her tiny hands above her head. He kneels down to pick Rosie up immediately the moment she reaches him, spinning her around.
The room is silent and dark with the only exception of the fireplace in front of them.
Sherlock has never felt this cared for before.
She laughs, and he laughs with her, in spite of the pain.
The more John watches Mary’s video, the more he is convinced his theory is correct. He squeezes his eyes shut for a moment as he thinks back of the way Sherlock blatantly provided a generic answer when he was asked about the meaning of Mary’s words. Is this true, then, John wonders, and if it is, he doesn’t understand how he managed to miss it.
John hand is on Sherlock’s nape, gently but firmly pressing the detective more into him, never letting go. John breaks the kiss snickering once again when his other hand finds its way across Sherlock’s flat chest.
What is even weirder, the thing Sherlock really can’t explain, is that he likes Mary too. He never liked any of John’s previous girlfriends, he would find them insignificant and definitely not worthy of John’s attentions. Conforming to that pattern, and adding the fact that she is the very reason John doesn’t live in Baker Street anymore, Sherlock was supposed to dislike Mary too. Textbook aversion, really.
“A minimum of two weeks,” he says, unable to believe only three days have gone by and he still has at least eleven to go.
Sherlock was so absorbed in his own thoughts that he didn’t hear Mycroft’s steps approach him from behind.
Sherlock meets up with Mycroft the following morning, to discuss the new terrorist attack and play some old-fashioned board games.
As they drive to Baker Street, Sherlock wonders if the thing is reciprocal. He cares about Lestrade, not as much as he cares about John, but he would definitely be upset if something happened to the inspector. One more thing, Lestrade trusts him, and provides him with work. Without Lestrade, Sherlock could hardly have become the consultant detective he is now. Lestrade brought a positive change into his life, just like John, but different.
He wriggles his toes and fingers, almost to check if they’re still there, while he keeps blinking to let his eyes adjust to the light.
Sherlock blinks, silently asking John for further elaboration. John closes the distance between them and takes Sherlock’s hands in his, looking at him as if Sherlock was the kindest human being on hearth. That’s not that far from the truth, John thinks.
“She is my sister too, but this doesn’t erase what she has done.”
He’s going to dismiss it and put it aside, but Eurus stops him.
“Good, that’s good.”
“My parents invited Mycroft and me to join them for dinner. I’d love you to come.”
Finally, Sherlock looks up. “I don’t like repeating myself.”
“All right,” he begins, taking a chair from the kitchen and placing it next to Sherlock’s. “What’s the problem?”
“I do take the case though,” Sherlock adds. He hasn’t been on a regular case in a long time. This sounds like a 7, but he’s so starved he’s excited anyway. And maybe John will come too. And then maybe they’ll go home together, like they used to.
He’s a bit clumsy as he rolls on his side and rests a hand on John’s shoulder, keeping the rest of his body for himself, a sense of achievement growing inside of him when John doesn’t jerk away nor glares at him.
Not only dull, Sherlock thinks as they climb the stairs to their flat, also dangerous.
Sherlock blinks, watching as she takes her phone and looks at him expectantly, her fingers ready to type.
His finger slides down until it rests above Mary.
Sherlock had to focus really hard not to laugh at the look of pure terror in Mycroft’s eyes. “She wants you to pick her up… obviously.”
“So… what’s your next destination?” she asks.
Therefore every night Sherlock seeks refuge in his mind palace, the only place where the voice and memories of John can keep Sherlock company and soothe his soul. The sound of John’s steps, confident and regular like a march. The half full mugs John left around because he made tea and then forgot about it. The smell of the bathroom after he took a shower. The faint sigh that escaped his lips every time he sat down on his chair after a working day. The twitch of his mouth when someone at the telly said something mildly amusing. The wrinkle that appeared on his forehead, above his nose, when he tried to find the perfect title for his new blog entry. The way he used to stroke Sherlock’s hair, massaging his scalp, softly tugging at his curls. The heat of John’s hand against his lower back, or his shoulder. Even now, as he begins walking along the Nevsky Prospect, temperatures way below zero, the heat of John’s memories somehow manages to keep him warm.
Lestrade’s hands were on the back of his neck, his eyes locked onto the computer screen, even as it went to black with the option of replaying.
When he came into the room, Sherlock was still asleep. At first glance, everything seemed normal and in place. The machine was beeping every second that monitored his heartrate, and the oxygen was running through the nasal cannula that the other had stopped using when he first regained consciousness. However, as he drew closer, he could see Sherlock’s brow furrowed and sweat across his forehead. The young genius looked as though he was in pain, his breath catching before coming out fast. The heartrate monitor began speeding up, the lines fast and irregular. Sherlock turned onto his side, body curling in on itself. He started panting, the machines going haywire.
Muffled voices from the hall entered the room, the monitors steadily beeping. Early morning sunlight was leaking into the room, basking the room in a golden hue. John had returned to the chair next to the bed, a hot cup of tea sitting on the table next to a half-eaten sandwich. Curiosity had pulled him back to the website the woman – Allison – had introduced them to with the first video of Sherlock’s abduction. He was genuinely surprised to find the site still running, having expected Mycroft to have pulled some strings to have it shutdown indefinitely. What was gone, however, were the multitude of videos of Sherlock’s abuse. He had combed through the various uploads, ensuring they had been taken down, only finding videos of Sherlock and himself on various newscasts throughout the years.
“Well, don’t destroy him,” interjected another voice, heavy with an Irish accent, as Dreln’s hand began feeling as though it was trying to knock its way to Sherlock’s sigmoid colon. “Don’t want to feel like fuckin’ a sandbag.”
Feeling the semen seep out of him, vomit rose in Sherlock’s throat. He swallowed it down, keeping his eyes shut as he attempted to return the palace he had called comfort.
The older man inhaled, shifting as he put his hands in his pockets.
John nodded, seemingly amused when he saw the cord of the monitor wrapped around the leg of the chair he had been sitting in. “Sherlock.”
“I figured my care had come from you,” Sherlock said without looking up as he tossed the banana back on the tray, it making a wet
Inside, the entryway laid barren. An old counter was in the centre of the tiled room, with debris on the floor and graffiti on the chipped walls. Lights from streetlamps leaked into the broken windows above, giving a fair amount of light into the large room. To the left and right were a set of stairs that wrapped along the walls, leading to a second floor. Behind the glass counter was a hallway that light was only barely able to penetrate, while at the bottom of the left set of stairs was a wooden door. Going with his instincts, he moved behind the counter and underneath the stairs. It was not until he was under the overhead when he was able to hear the faint sound of voices.
whereas we travel all along the East Coast of the United States.
Once in the office, Donovan was leaning over the chair that the young woman now sat in. The sergeant motioned to the computer and Lestrade strode over to put in his passcode. He stepped back and gave the young woman free range, glancing up only to motion for John to close the door. The woman typed the site into the address bar.
“Not the perimeter,” John cut short. “The surrounding buildings – the basements.”
He covered him with the towel and ran his hands through Sherlock’s cold and wet hair.
He was only given a few seconds of reprieve before the cloth was pulled back over his face. All he could get out was a partial protest that quickly was drowned out.
The air between them grew tense and quiet, sans the beeping from the machine hooked to Sherlock and his steady breathing through the nasal cannula.
“And you didn’t think that maybe,
At the mere thought, Lestrade’s anger and grief flared.
Lestrade stared after him before turning his attention to Mycroft, whose expression was distant, despite wearing his usual mask. He inhaled, shaking his head on the exhale before following after John, failing to notice the flash of concern across the eldest Holmes’ face.
“I doubt it.” He cocked his head, inspecting the other’s features as his fingernails dug into Sherlock’s cheek. “Though you do look a bit too clean for their liking. So why don’t we try giving a bit of incentive, hm?”
I will have it uploaded shortly after this job is completed (^ ^*)
It made his absence from the police car that much more prevalent.
Mycroft and Sherlock both watched as John left the room, his shoes fading down the hall. Both of them could hear them stop near the Nurse’s Station, though short, most likely at the dispensary for instant coffee and tea. Sherlock went back to his meal to the other egg.
Before either man could respond, the woman scuttled off, knocking into both of them as she ran down the sidewalk. Sherlock was snickering, while John was trying to refrain from calling after her about not being in a relationship. John looked at him in disbelief, as though expecting some form of back-up. When Sherlock gave none, John pursed his lips in annoyance and began walking again, speeding up his pace in an attempt to put distance between them for the moment.
And please let me know what you think!! (^ ^*)
That being said, with Hurricane Florence approaching, my free time kinda opened up.
“Because none of this makes any damn sense,” John said, barely able to keep his frustration held. “Abducting the brother of a government official with the sole intention of killing him wouldn’t exactly deter the bastards, so what—”
With a furrowed brow, Sherlock set his cup down and stared at the blond before him.
“Whoa, hold up!” Cruz called out, cutting John off as he finally jerked his head sideways to stare at him, sitting straight in the chair. “Who said anything about killing him? All we were doing was holding him until Mycroft gave into our demands. That’s it.” John knitted his brows together, misperception blatant. “But that piece of shit clearly didn’t care what happened to his brother, because Francis was constantly bitching about him ignoring his phone calls.”
Most likely one of the abandoned buildings along the south end or a possible port, though the latter seemed unlikely given everyone’s carefree demeanour.
“What did she look like? We can put out an APB for anyone fitting her description.”
I REALLY hope you all find this worth the wait, but, if not, I understand. (; - ; )
Black tank-top-man’s eyes darted to the man whose face became fear-stricken. His jaw clenched, an anger seeming to build. “Honestly?!” he shouted, causing the cockney-accented man to flinch before falling into apologies. The man clenched his fists and shut his eyes, as though trying to calm himself. “I told him not to bring you on, but he didn’t want to listen.” He reached behind him into the waistband of his pants, brandishing a para .42.
“8:30,” he said in affirmation, unsure of Sherlock’s mental state.
He sat down in his armchair, continuing to scroll through those asking for his help. One in particular had him smirk: an older man sent a message saying he believed his house to be broken into every evening because he kept hearing the floorboards creak, though he lived alone. The following message had been sent a few days later, apologising and saying it was stray cat that would come in through the opened kitchen window during the night. Sherlock’s first strain of thought was why keep the window opened at all if he believed someone was breaking into his house every night.
“Wha’ tha ‘ell are ya doin’?” There was an odd air of relief at it not being the voice of the man from early that morning – the voice a thick cockney.
It helps me escape my reality into someone else's.
“I appreciate the reminder,” Sherlock’s response was sharp as he made eye contact with Lestrade. It did not last long as Lestrade’s gaze was filled with guilt, causing Sherlock to pull his attention away, focusing back on the tray of food. “I assume you’ve been consulting my brother, at the very least. Even if my first-hand knowledge would be more valuable.”
There was not even a pause as Sherlock responded, “The zoo sounds lovely.” John looked at him to see Sherlock giving him one of the most sardonic smiles. He could not help it and failed at containing himself. His reaction caused Sherlock to crack, the two of them winding up laughing together on the couch.
“So what did they say?” John asked Lestrade in the lobby of the hospital, accepting the small cup of lukewarm instant coffee.
“I’m fine,” he yelled at the paramedic who was still trying to walk him over to the ambulance. When the young paramedic tried to protest, John cut him off. “I’m a doctor, it’s fine! It’s a minor concussion and I don’t need to go to the hospital to confirm that, now please stop touching me!”
“Not quite what I would call it,” was the nonchalant response.
Mycroft looked up at him as he turned the laptop’s screen to face him and pressed the spacebar. The sound of Sherlock gagging and choking filled the room. John did not bother looking at the screen and, instead, locked eyes with the taller man; the anger he had managed to quell in the hall grew with each second the video went on. Hitting the spacebar again, Mycroft paused the video, drawing his attention to the screen, which was of his younger brother’s head now forward in mid-cough.
It was not long until Mycroft had to take leave, being called away for something he either could not or would not refute. Upon leaving, he paused at the room’s door, eyes downwards as John sat by the bed, elbows on his knees as he watched the breathing of his best mate.
“Mycroft…I’m…scared,” Sherlock came out with, his face overwrought with confusion.
Donovan nearly slammed into John Watson as they were leaving the building.
Mycroft took a breath, his shoulders going back as he watched the shadow of the man place his hand on the one coming-to. “Given that my brother is currently within your residence, I assume introductions aren’t required.” Even with the lack of light, his tensing was still visible. “Where is Dreln Hargett? We have a meeting long overdue.” The man pointed over his shoulder to the door he had come from. “Very good.” He walked passed him to stand outside of the door with the light exuding from underneath. “I do suggest you leave your weapons and walk outside, less your evening ends early.”
Tried to get his mind right.
His attention was drawn to Donovan, whose mobile was to her ear, her tone and facial features exuding annoyance and aggravation – a reaction John had found all-too-common. She looked at Lestrade, making eye contact as her lips formed a thin line. With a quick glance to John, which John caught, despite her attempt at being discreet, Lestrade sighed. Neither one of them had to make a comment. John merely raised his cup and backed out, leaving the two officials to discuss whatever confidential matters.
Then again, if anyone could hold out, it would be the infamous Sherlock Holmes.
is suggesting I use a catheter – I think that’s all of it, but John, please let me know if I’ve skipped over anything.”
The door to the flat opened as John strolled in, carrying breakfast. The early morning sun flooded in through the curtains and traffic could be heard from the street. His eye caught an opened package and letter on the table in the living room as he made his way to the kitchen to set the bag down. He opened the fridge to put it away until Sherlock got up, wondering if his mate had already realised the missing thigh, which John may or may not have discarded after Sherlock had gone to bed the night prior. The argument would be inevitable, but damned if he was going to keep fresh produce around human decomposition.
On the ceiling, a lone light hung down, drenching the cement walls in a low, orange light. The room held few items: what appeared to be a blood-soaked mattress sat in the far-right corner, which was butted against a set of pipes. A metal door at the South end of the windowless room was opened, leading into a dark hallway that seemed to curve in every which way. In the centre of the room was a loan wooden chair with steel d-rings bolted to the ground around it. Attached to the rings were chains, which were connected to shackles around the wrists and ankles of a young detective.
The man stepped over him as he cradled his injuries, moving to his incapacitated ally.
“Could you go ahead and get her statement?” Lestrade asked the female sergeant, though it was more of a directive.
“Sherlock, just…take care of yourself, all right.”
“As you would put it, Doctor Watson, it’s for the greater good.”
Lestrade held his hand up, cutting him short.
Sherlock’s hands were on his arms and shoulders, trying to push him off, falling into apologies and calling for his brother to stop.
John nodded. His curious look fell to one of understanding and he began shaking his head.
John’s chest felt tight as his lips formed into a smile, his brows moving upwards. “Do you want a cup?” he asked, keeping his tone light.
. Even with logic telling him it was in the past and he had nothing to concern himself with now that it was over and done with, the emotional – irrational part of his brain took over. It was as though he could feel the Earth’s very rotation beneath his feet – the true oxygen to nitrogen ratio in the atmosphere.
Though he refused to acknowledge it, he had become used to the abuse, almost to the point of tuning it out. Had it not have been for the occasional smack or the initial pain of penetration, he could have regressed to his Mind Palace indefinitely.
I did NOT realize it had been over a damn month since I updated!!
“A right breakfast, it seems.” Sherlock nodded as he sank into the pillow. “One you’ll have or you’ll be in hospital for another day,” John said, not a threat, but a fact.
“He means well,” John said to Sherlock shrugging and taking another bite.
The man’s neck snapped, his body falling limp in his grasp.
With his hand on the door, which was now slightly ajar, Sherlock slowly pushed it open, expecting the landing leading to the lower and upper floors. Instead, he was introduced to the familiar surroundings of the basement – the pungent scent of blood, sweat and coitus filling his nostrils. Going against his better judgement, he crossed the threshold, the door to his flat shutting behind him. The deceased lower-class man’s body parts were in a pile near the wall with maggots crawling in and out of the exposed tissue, the head on top of the torso, the eyes milky and glazed as they stared ever forward. The mattress still sat in the back corner, damp with urine, semen and blood, the sight bringing back the memory of being used – the feeling of urine filling his bowels returned and nausea rose in the back of his throat.
He understood.
“You have no idea how much I’ve wanted to ram my dick into you – make you feel a real American. Seeing everyone else get to have fun, I could make you feel so much better.” Sherlock did not respond, though a comment hid itself in his mind. He felt Dreln shift and opened his eyes to find the man’s knees on each side of him, his groin close to his face. “But I know you’ve just been wanting to taste me again.” He rubbed himself on Sherlock’s face, who turned his head and shut his eyes, doing his best to ignore the comments and act.
“Mycroft,” John’s words spoke through the unnerving quiet between them. While the official looked at him, John questioned if he was paying the slightest bit of attention. “Think. They have Sherlock in a basement – a basement in London. There can’t be very many of those.”
“They’ll keep you, you know,” John said in regard to the doctors and staff keeping the detective in hospital until they could be assured he would be self-sustainable after he left their care.
John laughed into his coffee.
“You’re a little late, don’t you think?” his voice came out in aggravation as his hands found their way to his hips. When he did not get a response, his jaw clenched. His eyes moving to the opened laptop before going right back to the intruder.
The way he spoke to the Irishman – whose last name was Cleary? – as though he could trust the man to stay quiet, had Sherlock curious of their connection.
John furrowed his brow as his gaze followed Mycroft, who walked to peer out of the window. “How could they do that exactly?”
If Sherlock was about to start a new case, he at least wanted to know what he was about to be dragged into.
“No offence, but that’s never been my thing.” The person’s accent very much foreign, one John had trouble placing, but it was ignored by the sound of someone snorting. “If Francis and Dreln wanna do their thing, I’ve no qualms, but I’ll have no part in it. I just want to get this next shipment in and do what we’re supposed to be doing.” There was a low comment that John could not make out, but it was followed up with, “Better than that standoff we had in Texas a few years ago.” The comment made him realize the accent: Mexican, most likely one of the original members of Cielo Diablos.
PLEASE ENJOY!!!!
“Don’t lie, now,” Dreln said as he swiped through a few pictures. He held up the screen, as though showing proof he did not even have. “Even Mycroft here told me how much you enjoy being played with.”
Nodding in understanding, three of them went around the front while the others followed the rest around back, moving down the small alleyway between the buildings. As the others went down the alley, another came up to Lestrade.
“Site?” Lestrade asked, stepping next to her. “What site?” When she did not respond, the detective inspector turned to stand straight in front of her. “If you are keeping any information from a police investigation, you can be charged with obstruction, do you understand?”
John had forgone returning with company, instead hailing a hack and choosing to return to Baker Street, though he was certain he had only gone back out of habit rather than want. The anger had somewhat subsided during the ride, which Lestrade had been kind enough to pay the fare. When he exited the cab, he did manage a passable acknowledgement to the cabbie, who bid him a good day before he shut the door. As they drove off, John stared up at the door leading to the flat of 221B, wondering why he chose to come back, knowing that unnerving silence would be the only thing beyond.
“Anyway, I just wanted to stop by, check in, make sure you were doing all right,” the detective inspector said as he took a step back towards the door, avoiding Sherlock’s comment.
“Why the hurry? I’ve yet to hear from your brother, so we’ve got so much more time together.”
Logically, he knew that the freedom he was given would be his one chance to fight and escape, but he was unable to garner the forte. Rather, he had not bothered to exert the vigour. While he had known the outcome once he was made aware of his abduction, the reality took time to set in and he bade it no heed. In the back of his mind, he had been hopeful that help would be sent, and only with it fading did he realize how foolish the thought had been.
Sherlock was trying to drop the chair sideways to reach it, but the way both he and it were shackled was not allowing for much leeway. With one final rock, he hit the floor, his shoulder making hard contact, radiating a shock of pain down his arm and side. It was quickly ignored and he jerked to move the chair and get his hand close enough to the pin. His fingers traced what he could not see and he started to shift backwards, closer to where he knew the pin had fallen.
“I’m confused,” Sherlock said bluntly, the redness growing as his eyes began to glaze.
Realizations come to light as Sherlock is finally brought to his breaking point.
The sound of a gunshot echoed throughout the room.
He gripped the handle of his umbrella as he watched a smaller figure walk underneath the landing. He was only a few steps in before he noticed Mycroft. In the process of going for his weapon, he tripped over what was an unseen figure sitting on the floor, his weapon sliding across the tile, which Mycroft caught under his foot.
His thoughts were interrupted as a hand hit hard across his rear, followed by a hissing sound as two thumbs pressed into him.
Instead of being met with the heat and cloud of steam, the temperature had dropped drastically from the hall. The next thing he noticed was the crutch on the floor and sleep clothes on the floor and in the sink. He called out for Sherlock as he reached for the shower curtain, pulling it open.
“Your shoulder’s been relocated. It will take time for the full strength and sensation to come back for you to have full mobility.”
“The perimeter is already squared off and we’ll let the medical personnel handle him when they arrive,” he said, the tone in his voice suggesting the officer join the others around back. Picking up on it, the young officer gave a “yes sir” before jogging down the alley.
When Mycroft returned to them, he was holding a plastic bag with Sherlock’s mobile phone. Seeing it, Lestrade held up his hand, his expression becoming serious, albeit somewhat frantic.
“Not necessarily,” Sherlock replied as he took the cup, holding it still for a moment, as though welcoming the heat from the porcelain. “It doesn’t open for another two hours, so I assumed you would welcome something else to abide our time.” John glanced to him with a raised brow. “Incidentally, there’s a situation involving a woman missing her mother’s ashes and many of her left antiques.”
He looked to Lestrade, who was now standing by the bed as he nodded while looking at the plate of food. He reached his hand to take a piece of the chicken to taste it. “It’s not bad, just…bland.” The look he received had him shift and purse his lips together. “At least you seem to be feeling better, all things considered.”
Sherlock turned back to the door, which was now closed. Turning back to John as the military veteran began typing an update, Sherlock’s memories began conflicting. The actions that occurred in the sub-level felt as though they were nothing more than a dream, something that he had been awakened from, while the memory faded into his subconscious. From what he recalled, John had a reservation at a local restaurant that evening, yet, he seemed relaxed, as though the night and his time were free. However, at the same time, Sherlock was uncertain as to when he had reached that conclusion, uncertain as to whether John had told him or if he had realized it on his own.
so I decided to split it.
“Doctor Watson,” he broke the silence that had been between them that had encountered them each time they were around each other since Sherlock’s recovery. “Thank you…for taking care of Sherlock.” At the comment, John jerked his head towards him, believing he had heard him incorrectly. Unable to form a response, he could only watch as Mycroft left the room, his shoes clicking on the floor tile.
The moment he crossed the threshold into the basement, the pungent scent of blood and decay filled his nostrils, one he had not experienced since his time Overseas. Upon entering, the first thing he noticed was a torn and beaten mattress in the back corner before his eyes traced the room to the familiar figure of his best mate.
“John, go home,” Lestrade said, his voice comforting, yet stern. “Let us work. We will find him – I won’t have it any other way.”
Before the detective inspector could get a word out edgewise, John turned and began walking away. He exhaled, turning just as Donovan exited the pub, a memory drive in her hand.
The red lights of an ambulance reflected in their peripherals.
The expression on Mycroft’s features had him confused and he found himself reaching behind him to touch the desk, as if to have a feeling of being grounded.
A timeframe which people in the criminal justice field would have no longer expected to find the target alive, given that most victims were killed within the first twenty-four hours. He shook the thought and left the cab.
John nodded while still holding eye contact. “Then we’ll bring him home together,” he said slowly with assent. There was a silent affirmation. John’s eyes quickly went back to the laptop, a question tugging at the corner of his mind. “If you had him under surveillance, then how did you lose track of him?”
“You don’t know what you’re on about,” Mycroft’s voice was low and threatening.
He knew the young genius could withstand more physical pain that most capable people – hell, he had seen his fellow soldiers crack under circumstances he knew Sherlock would handle with ease. Even with this knowledge, he knew Sherlock had his breaking points. As much as the young man always claimed to favour logic over emotion, he was more emotional than even he would ever be willing to admit. Given enough stressors, he would crack. John could only hope they would find him before that point would be reached.
The recording was cut off and Lestrade leaned back in the foldout chair, releasing a breath as he set his hands on the back of his neck. Donovan stood behind him with one hand on the back of the chair and other on the desk as she leaned forward to view the footage. Even as one who always claimed to disagree and distrust the young genius, even her demeanour was tense, he shoulders taught, along with her jaw. It was as though her speculation had fallen through, and even she was beginning to feel the weight of the situation.
Lestrade had stopped by as it drifted into the afternoon after having spent the bulk of the morning sitting in interviews in an attempt to locate the others seen in the videos. Even with the prodding and patience dwindling, they made no progress. The only headway was Dreln’s mobile, which was password protected and encrypted to avoid unwanted attention. Their tech analyst was given the phone and had been working on it since the early hours with no success. At a stalemate, their only hope was getting the information from Dreln, who had requested a call to the American Embassy upon entry.
John tried to recall her appearance.
Sherlock suddenly became aware of his own heartbeat and the blood pumping throughout his veins. He closed out of his messages and set the phone on the arm of the chair. His breath hastened without his consent and he grabbed his crutch, stumbling as he stood to make his way to the bathroom. The corners of his vision began twisting upwards, warping the walls as various memories came to the forefront. The memory of urine filling his bowels came on with such ferocity that his stomach released a low growl. He vividly recalled how it felt when it spilled out of him, dripping down his buttocks and thighs, and found himself in desperate need of a wash.
“What about?”
Chances are likely this will be the last chapter of having an incapacitated Sherlock, but we'll see how it goes. (__ u __)
Sixteen-year-old Sherlock clamped his eyes shut and stepped backwards. He recalled his older brother’s hand on his groin, his teeth on his neck, before running from the office and down the hall. He tripped on the muli-coloured tile, collapsing to all fours as his breath hitched in his throat and water met the floor.
Before either official could get a word out edgewise, John was speaking in haste, which had both investigators at a loss for words, exchanging confounded expressions. After he told them to search the surrounding buildings and their sub-levels, it took a moment of both investigators trying to interrupt him.
“Are you going to sit there all day?” John Watson’s voice cut through the silence of 221B Baker Street. He stared with annoyance blatant on his features, to which his flatmate and friend, Sherlock Holmes, dutifully ignored. John pursed his lips, exhaling forcefully as he gave Sherlock the same look he always gave when the young genius was driving him mad.
“Oh, Sherlock,” Myrcroft said as he shook his head, eyes scanning his younger brother up and down. “Look what you’ve allowed to occur.” His expression was that of disgust, causing Sherlock to look down, only to see the front of his shirt and trousers soaked with white liquid. “You’ve had all these men touch you, you can’t possibly believe that none of it’s a fault of your own, can you?”
“Wat’s voice was muffled as he continued, “The next day, when the lord sought her out in the garden, Emma told him how uncomfortable he made her. The lord apologized, promised never to do it again, and asked her to share a lunch with him one last time. At this lunch, he poisoned her wine with something to make her complacent. She was in no state to run away, and he laid an enchantment over her, and… in the very garden she loved so much… he tore her clothes from her and assaulted her.”
Sherlock noticed that he was on the opposite side of the dining room from where he had been earlier. This was the side closer to the kitchens. The dining staff came and went from multiple hidden entrances, most of which were covered with curtains.
“John,” Harry called, peering into the darkness in John’s general direction, “is that you?”
“Don’t—John!”
Harry huffed and looked sideways at John. “I didn’t miss. I only wanted to scare it away, not hurt it. It wasn’t the bird’s fault that you didn’t like it. Why would I hurt it just for that?”
“Though your mother enjoyed learning about the magic, we were both concerned that the lord spent so much time and attention on a single employee of his massive household. One evening, she asked me if she should quit and look for a position in another household. He had not yet done anything inappropriate, so I advised her to stay on while we asked around to see if any of our friends knew of an open position in any other households. John, if I had known…” Wat voice was strangled, and he hung his head with a pained noise.
“I haven’t, yet,” John replied, watching Mik lock the clinic's front door again.
Distress distorted Jaituna’s face for a moment before it smoothed over. “I apologize if I seem like I’m neglecting you, Sherlock. The empire has been in a state of underlying unrest for the last few years, and it concerns me. I do not want to worry you, but I do care about you, even when there are some times when I’m unavailable or unable to see you.”
John,
sher=lion
“And that’s why our ancestors made this. When we touch it, it cancels out all the magic on us, and since we don’t have any of our own magic, it doesn’t hurt us. If you don’t, there is no telling what kind of effect it will have on you, or on me or Harry when we touch you. Do you understand why it is important, John?”
Rivulets of water sped down the dark rope to rejoin with the river. John could not see the body of the net yet, but he was almost vibrating with the intensity of his anticipation.
When a member of the kitchen staff performed rounds to collect trays, she had made the comment that Sherlock was a good patient for actually eating his restricted diet, which had John refrain from telling her the meal was Sherlock’s last chance before the staff fed him through a needle. Sherlock was less willing to bite back his remark of asking for dessert since he “ate his dinner like a good boy.” She gave an unimpressed look before leaving the room. Once she was gone, both he and John started snickering like children.
Sherlock was in one of them and he was determined to find him, no matter the cost.
“Who are you?” John’s voice came out demanding, verging on the edge of anger.
At the notion that there was nothing to go off, the spirits between them were dropping.
By a set of D-rings was John Watson and Sergeant Sally Donovan, the latter of which was holding John, who was fighting against her. John’s eyes and face were red as water seeped from his tear ducts, his voice screaming for Sherlock. His brother was near the centre of the room, his lips a light shade of blue as two medical personnel were by him, one in the midst of performing compressions between the white pads of the AED.
After the initial compressions, he pinched Sherlock’s nose and met their mouths, breathing into his counterpart’s lungs before quickly going back to pressing in rhythm on his chest. “Please don’t go, please,” he found himself begging as his motions became more erratic and desperate.
With that said, he pushed off from Mycroft, staring at him and his apathetic countenance. Forgoing his instinct, he turned on his heel, footsteps heavy as he walked away.
He pushed passed John, who stared up after him, eyebrows furrowed at the wording.
However, I ended up dislocating my knee while on the job, so now I'm at home on Workman's Comp. (-- --)
At the question, the woman, Allison, jerked her head up, as though coming to a sudden realization. “He is missing?”
“Fucking asshole can’t keep his mouth shut.” He made eye contact with John. “Have all the fun you want, ‘cause he ain’t going anywhere anytime soon.”
One of the men, who was unrecognizable amongst the garb, stood with the hack saw in hand, walking over. They leaned down and grabbed Sherlock by the hair, lifting him up and pressing the saw against his throat as Sherlock reached to grab the man’s forearm with his only working arm. “Let’s find out,” came the familiar voice of the man who once donned a black tank-top and brown cargo pants.
The body of the lower-class man hit the floor, his eyes opened as a bullet wound leaked blood from his skull.
“Top o’ the morning!” they shouted, their voice bouncing off the walls, increasing the throbbing of Sherlock’s head.
He hit the spacebar to replay the final line:
doing that.” He shook his head and sat back in the chair, eyes on Sherlock. “Greg, you can’t ask me to do that.”
Either way, it still did not excuse his absence and avoidance of his brother for the past three days. He had not seen his brother even once since he gained coherency and it took his entire being to not make that frustration vocalised.
Lestrade’s eyes were enflamed, an incredulous look over him, while John’s entire face was red, his fists clenched. A million emotions flooded through him, not one he dared vocalize, less he became uncontrollable. Rage built inside him as his eyes focused on the grinning face of the American, his mind running over every possible scenario that would lead him to both Sherlock and those in the video. The scenes he played were those even POWs would have found merciful.
Sherlock was hooked up to an electrocardiograph keeping track of his heart, a vitals monitor that was measuring his oxygen levels, blood pressure, arterial oximetry, and an intravenous needled administering fluids. Seeing him attached with so many wires had John clenching his jaw and biting back the desire to perform his own analysis, though he knew Sherlock was in the best capable hands. Yet, it was not the various chords that kept him from entering, but who he saw in the room, running their fingers through his best mate’s hair.
While his self-preservation begged to hold out, his logic took hold and he knew that the ultimatum the American gave him would only be offered once. If he chose to forgo the offer, nothing but pain and death awaited; however, if he accepted, while death was inevitable, the pain could, for the most part, be forgone. Being suffocated in the past proved that there would be some discomfort, but it would be short, a few minutes at most.
The ire that had built up in the soldier during the video viewing had begun to redirect itself.
“John—”
“I don’t care what it doesn’t say, he’s allergic and Rocephin can kill him.” Seeming to ignore him, the nurse took hold of the IV and brought the needle to the injection port. “What are you doing?!” John grabbed the tube that was near Sherlock’s elbow and bent it, halting the flow of liquid as the man pressed down on the plunger. In an instant, John pulled the IV’s needle form Sherlock’s vein, blood dripping down his mate’s arm onto the white sheets.
What had surprised John, however, was Mycroft’s absence.
At the change in demeanour, Sherlock inadvertently rolled his eyes.
HO-LY CRAP.
The air in the room became tense, those involved piecing the information.
John comes to terms with his feelings towards his best mate, as Sherlock battles his own inner demons.
It started to make sense.
The man appeared to have realized he had been recognized, whereas he became aggressive and grabbed Sherlock’s arm, ready to inject the medication directly into the young man’s vein.
The sense that the last thing Sherlock would want is to entertain the idea of going out for breakfast, for obvious reasons, had him waking early to pick up something light and simple from the store around the corner. More times than not, he had to make Sherlock eat, knowing fully well the man would skip meals given the chance. It was a habit John was trying desperately to break, especially given the younger man’s situation. At one point, he had changed the password to his laptop, refusing to give Sherlock the new password lest he ate lunch. It had been a moot point. After everything was cleaned up, before John had given it to him, Sherlock was sitting at the desk, typing away on the laptop.
The younger genius felt his eyes begin to burn as his head shook.
I know it's been nearly a month and you have NO IDEA how sorry I am!
The time of working with Scotland Yard had come to an end for him, having been dismissed several times before. Though he knew Lestrade wanted nothing more than to find the young genius, his position would not allow him to handle the situation as he wished, and giving the detective inspector an insight into his own forethought would most likely put Sherlock in an even more detrimental position. With the group monitoring Mycroft, it was only understandable that they most likely had Scotland Yard under surveillance, as well. If they even had an inkling that officials were about to close in, they would most likely cut off any loose ends and jump ship.
“An’ give up a shot a’ tha real Sherlock Holmes? I’ve been wantin’ ta do this for a long time.” He ran his hands up further, before he leaned in further to try to press his mouth against the young genius’. Sherlock pulled his head away, leaving the man to make contact with the side of his mouth. His breath smelled acidic, as though the man had gone several days without sustenance, instead only relying on whatever drugs to fuel him.
Sherlock shrugged.
“We’ve managed to locate a Christopher Cleary, who believed it was humorous to be found.”
John could see Mycroft’s brain working against him. Despite always proclaiming that he lacked the “emotional hindrance” of his younger brother, the prospect of losing that brother would be the one thing to tear down the wall he had spent many years building.
“I smell tea.”
With that said, the camera shut off, the screen going black as the video ended.
Inhaling, John turned to him and watched him for a moment before asking, “Want to go to the zoo tomorrow?”
At one point, John was there, shaking his head in disappointment. For reasons Sherlock knew naught, that had pained him much more than the brother he would never admit he looked to.
His head shot up to stare at her, a look of realization flooding his features.
Had it not been for the windows allowing the light from the outside streetlamps to flood into the entryway, he would have been drenched in darkness. Stairs ran up along both sides of the opposing walls, leading to a landing that had an elevator in the centre, most likely flanked by doors to long-abandoned offices. His shoes clicked on the tile as he went around the receptionist desk in the middle of the room, Just as he was about to go under the landing, leaving the light and stepping into the shadows, yellow light flooded from an apparent door to the right into the hall. It was closed just as quickly.
There was another pause over the line before Mycroft fell out with, “John, do not confront them,” his voice strict and commanding. “They will—”
Almost immediately, Sherlock came-to, coughing and choking, though nothing came up. He began sucking in breath-after-breath when his body came to the realization it could breath once again. While his fit went on, the unmasked man moved to grab the camera off of the apparent-tripod. He focused it on Sherlock’s face, who had turned from red to a dark purple as the coughs went on. When the young detective had finally stopped coughing and leaned his head back, his breath haggard, the camera zoomed in close to his mouth, seeing his tongue drop to the bottom of his jaw as the back of his throat opened completely to allow more airflow.
It was immediately tested as the American laughed.
It had been three minutes on the dot.
” he reiterated, brows raised as he finally turned to Lestrade.
Funeral?
as it made contact.
“Hey, don’t blame me,” the other shot back. “This dumb fuck’s the reason he got out in the first place,” he said, motioning to the man Sherlock had struck in the temple.
“All things considered,” Sherlock echoed.
There was a closet to his left, which he assumed was another janitorial closet. In front of him was a spiral stairwell leading downwards. Inhaling, he took the first step, his shoes crunching on broken glass. He was halfway down the stairwell when there was a shadow on the wall, cuing someone ascending. He stopped short just in time to see the familiar figure of Dreln Hargett.
The ride was short, dropping him off on the second floor. As he made his way down the hall, he passed by a nurse’s station.
“I couldn’t even watch it the first time,” Allison said, her voice shaking. “Please don’t make me sit through it.”
“Do you absolve me?” Sherlock asked as he looked to his older brother.
“They mentioned a man by the name of Francis,” John said, glancing to Lestrade. “Didn’t get a last name, but it’s better than nothing.” He spoke in confidence, as though he was talking to his best mate about a trivial case. “There was a Cleary, as well. I think he has a problem keeping secrets, since I told that American bastard I knew him. He didn’t seem surprised.”
The dirt on his boots had been wet at one point, meaning he was in a location with mud. Given that it had not rained in the last few days, and that the man clearly took care in his appearance, logic concluded he was near water.
“Sherlock, Sherlock, look at me – look at me,” despite the panic he felt, his voice came out even and comforting. He turned Sherlock’s head to face him, the other’s eyes not even seeing him. He forced a smile and repeated his actions. “Sherlock, where are you, right now?” The younger man’s mouth began moving slightly, but there was no sound. John had to dip his head down to maintain eye contact, and he saw Sherlock’s begin to glaze. “Come on, Sherlock. Where are you right at this moment?”
After several attempts, he finally felt the thin piece of metal and was able to grip it between the tips of his index and middle fingers. He had to go by feel as he made the ninety-degree bend at the tip of the pin before feeling for the keyhole to the shackle. Once he found it and inserted it at the top of the hole, he had to fenagle with it for a bit before he heard it click. Pushing his wrist outwards, he freed his right hand before passing the pin and starting on the left. Right as he had it positioned inside the keyhole, the sound of footsteps came from the hall beyond the door.
An electric jolt shot down his lower spine as an unwanted shout was released from his vocal chords.
“Of course,” John responded immediately, meeting her eyes. “He’s my friend, why wouldn’t I?”
It was made even more difficult by Sherlock’s determination to leave the flat at any given opportunity, despite being bound by either crutches or, his least favourite, a wheelchair. While the soles of his feet had healed enough to allow pressure, the rest of the external damage would take longer to heal. John had to continuously bribe him into using the chair around the flat, instead of using the walls and furniture to support himself as he hobbled about. Though using either proved its struggle. While Sherlock had regained nearly full strength in his right arm, the splint on his left wrist was still a hindrance on either version of mobility he chose to utilise.
“I’ve tried everything,” Mycroft spoke, his eyes darting in front of him as though searching for something unknown and unaware of where he stood and who stood by him. “They never intended to release Sherlock and I don’t know what to do.”
“I initiated the encounter,” he said with certainty.
“Oh, Sherlock,” was a familiar voice. “I’ve gotta give you props for the attempt, but a zero for the landing.”
“Great, you’ve done that,” Donovan said as Lestrade brought his phone from his ear. “Now can we please go to the bar and do something that will actually find the freak of nature?”
“I’ll get on that when you prove you don’t need one.” Sherlock scoffed and rolled his head to look at John. “Feigning sleep doesn’t really help your point.”
There was only a moment’s pause before two fingers were inserted, the dryness causing friction and skin skipping on skin as the pressed in further. Once both of the man’s fingers were completely inside him, he began making a scissor-like motion, gaining muffled grunts and from the detective. He felt something wet at his entrance as the man allowed his saliva to drip at the base of his fingers. He had only coated the entrance before extracting his fingers.
The left shackle clicked, freeing his other hand.
“Sherlock Holmes is the “greatest good” that has ever happened to any one of us. If you’re trying to tell me you’ll let your own flesh and blood go through that and do
Sherlock fell, his body curling against itself as the sounds of dismemberment continued.
A black van pulled alongside a dark blue people carrier, stopping for several seconds before the headlights turned off and whoever was in the front seat stepped out. They were donning what appeared to be a dark tank top and lighter trousers, though the colours and types were unable to be made out. From the dark blue vehicle, which had been idle for quite a while, emerged a much broader individual, their entire ensemble black. The duo stood exchanging words before the slender man slid open the side door to the van.
John shook his head. “Uh, no.” He reached into his pocket for his wallet, taking out whatever money he had to give to the man. “Thank you,” he said as his mind wandered elsewhere and he gave the cabbie the fare. He did not even wait for the man to count it, or if he even had enough, his train of thought focused on finding his best mate and ensuring those who abducted him were well-beyond incapacitation. With his mind trained, he failed to hear the cabbie calling out his change, the sounds surrounding him seeming to vanish as he walked forward.
He went through the various outcomes, each leading to the same ending, which failed to end in his favour.
It was clear of Mycroft’s internal conflict, despite his expression barely changing.
“Supper. The restaurant will close soon.”
As Sherlock was placed on a backboard, John continued to call out his name. It barely registered as he was escorted out of the room by Donovan in the same direction Sherlock was taken, due to follow the ambulance in the police car. Mycroft was on their heels as the orders Lestrade was giving to the officers still in the room faded into the background.
When he left the flat that morning, Sherlock was lying in the same position on the couch, a book held firmly over his face with his eyes darting back-and-forth between words. Though John was certain Sherlock was holding a different book then.
The feeling of warm liquid inside him cut his thoughts short.
A laugh echoed around the room. “Oh, Sherlock, you innocent thing.” The man stood, making his way back to the mattress and loose shackles. “As much as I like you, the others don’t have the same sentiment. Maybe they’ll let me choose where to put your body parts after they cut you up.”
“More or less,” was the immediate response, the man taking another drag from his own cigarette, not bothering to look in John’s direction, instead focusing on peering down the walkways for other life.
Okay!
He had to fight with himself to ascend the stairs.
“Shall I wait?” the cabbie asked full of sarcasm, expecting to be left with an idling vehicle one again.
With the arrest of Francis Bellman, the Cielo Diablos’ frontrunner in the country, the operation they had tried to form in the limits of London had come to a halt. Scotland Yard had infiltrated and had the operation shutdown by the time the moon had risen, with several members taken into custody. It did not take much longer for the government to become involved and discover another base within the boundaries of Northern Ireland from a loose-lipped individual. After a phone call, the news headlines all across the United Kingdom had exposed the group and their various well-known members. Scotland Yard’s takedown was at the top of the headlines, following with pictures of members in the hierarchy, including Francis Bellman, the American Dreln Hargett and a Mexican woman by the name of Emilia Hernandez they had arrested during the raid in Wales.
The cursor ghosted over the thumbnail of the most recent video, which had a timestamp of four twenty-one that morning. The thumbnail showed three men, one of which was in a chair with their neck craned back and a white washcloth over their face; one of the other men was holding both sides of the cloth, keeping it tight on the other’s face, while the last man was standing to the side, his head towards the camera.
In the centre of the room, near the wooden chair and d-rings, stood the figure of Dreln Hargett with the strong stature of his brother Mycroft. The American had his mobile out, his thumb scrolling along the screen as he was apparently showing Mycroft whatever was on it. Judging by the look his brother held, Sherlock knew it was the various images the gang member had taken of him while being captive. Dreln glanced up from the phone. Seeing Sherlock, he smiled and motioned to Mycroft.
Inhaling, Sherlock exhaled, his gaze trailing to the government official beside him.
Clearly hesitant, Lestrade grabbed the mouse and hovered over the thumbnail. As though nervous of what he would see, a verbal acknowledgement from John gave him the final push to click.
“Fine, I know, yes, fine!” Mik huffed.
After the suite was deemed sufficiently safe, Sherlock and Jaituna were allowed to enter. At the empress’ request for privacy, the guards and servants remained in the sitting room, though Sherlock’s ever-present nanny was exempt from that order. She retreated to an inconspicuous corner of Sherlock’s room and Sherlock, as was typical, went back to ignoring her presence completely.
John and the Fam run this marketplace ish
The inside of the house was shadowy and dark, barely lit at all with the spotty light from the setting sun. It was too late for the sun to illuminate much, but too early for the moon’s rise.
Yes, yes, obviously no violin is used, but this 'Sherlock' scene is just SO "my" Sherlock. LOVE it:
This one, though, had a beautifully made paladin. Figures and creeping vines were etched into the sides. It reminded John uncomfortably of their family heirloom. Could such things be bought so casually by those of this class?
John debated whether he should go to the doctor to check on Harry or home as his father had instructed. In the end, he headed for the doctor’s residence. His father would forgive him if John explained how worried he was, hopefully, and that was only if his father was still at the residence. John hoped it was nothing, an easy fix, and that his sister and father were already at home.
“I understand, papa.” John confirmed in a hushed voice. He would never do anything that could hurt his papa or his sister. Or make him shrink!
Length: 18m:04s
“Oh gods,” Harry moaned her face a rictus of distress, “Oh gods, papa!”
It did not hurt that his brother, Mycroft, was also in attendance. Mycroft was significantly older, over ten years Sherlock’s senior. Even with this distance in age and experience, Sherlock was quite fond of his brother. He could be overbearing at times, but—outside of their mother—Mycroft’s intellect was unmatched and speaking with him was rarely completely boring. Sherlock could not say the same for most others.
“Why don’t you get someone else to sell it for you, then,” John asked, curious. “You said you knew my father.”
Wat was so tense and clearly rattled, so something must really be wrong, no matter how much the slur did not make sense to John. John felt he must be missing something. As John had tilted his head up to view his father, he had the errant thought—not for the first time—that Wat was unfairly tall… unlike John. But no, no, it could not be. Wat was his father, John knew. He may not look much like his father but he had not grown fully into his features. He could yet look like Wat—he had years—and John definitely looked like Harry. There was no contesting that they were all related.
“Are you going to use that… that thing,” Harry asked, “That wind-maker thing?” She pointed to a contraption that John had not noticed until that moment. He had never seen anything like it before. Made of a medium colored wood, though a different wood than the ship, it appeared to be a contraption comprised of a large funnel, a bellows, a pulley system, and a wooden handle.
John's admiration.
Sherlock tried to snatch his hands back from the snake but, having landed on his front and with no solid ground underneath him, he simply landed face first on the snake. He looked down and noticed that, because the mass beneath him was writhing, he had actually landed on a different snake when he fell the second time.
John seemed to be feeling a mix of emotions—slightly thrown by their sudden stop and also a bit depressed as he remembered the conversation he had with his friends, the neighborhood boys, a few days ago—which flitted over his young, unlined face. Embarrassed, he self-consciously raised one of his fists to his mouth to suck on, as was his nervous habit.
“Mik!” John called out, hailing his friend.
“Harry, I’m telling you the truth. I sent all I have to you and to Mik to help out with papa’s medical costs.” John reiterated himself, strained.
By the time Harry returned, it was well into the evening. John had begun to worry, both for Harry and Wat, who had yet to wake up. He had been told that his father slept a lot, but was he truly expected to sleep the entire night through.
Size: 198.78MB
“I fell in love with her that day, and she told me where I could write to her before we parted. I went to the Golden Temple and begged for someone there to teach me how to read, just so that I could write her. She returned my letters even though I was below her. She was the daughter of a merchant, educated and refined, and I was a simple peasant.
“I don’t go to market,” Sarah clarified, moving beside Mik to hang a few rabbits on smaller hooks and begin skinning the animals. “I just bring the meant to an old friend of my dad’s.  He’s a merchant there, so he sells the meat for me and gives me a portion of the profit.”
Life moves on. The heart is allowed to, as well.
And I'm combining Jim and Seb because, well, they are intertwined. I saw this art piece, and it was like....GUHYESIT'STHEM. So tons of thanks to the talented [bu-ko] on DeviantArt for this delicious MorMor:
One day, John would be as loud as Harry. As loud and as bright. When he was bigger.
son. I told her that it didn’t matter, that you would be a part of our family regardless. But, when she told her father about everything that had happened, he told us to get rid of you and threatened us when we said we wouldn’t. Your mother wanted to think that he misspoke in anger, but I did not want to allow our family to come to any more harm. We moved away from him, to an entirely different district.
Chapter title from "Wrecking Ball" by Miley Cyrus.
Harry walked over to the basin, clearly having done this before. Wat beckoned to John and then walked over to join her.
John was frustrated with the unexpectedly incoherent way his words were coming out, but Wat seemed to know what he was trying to ask. Wat heaved a heavy sigh and his hands spread out on the brick of the wall behind him as if he needed it to lend him support. Wat opened his mouth to reply. It hung open for a moment and then, stymied, Wat gradually closed it. He shook his head as if to clear it and pointedly avoided meeting John’s gaze.
“I sent for the doctor and Emma was able to recover at home. I tried to speak to the authorities about it, but Tufaena pays them off. He owns them, and they told me to my face that they would not do anything to bring him to justice. He is a monster, John. Tufaena is a monster, and I mean every word when I tell you that he is the enemy of this family.” Wat looked at John when he said that last, a fire in his gaze and steel in his voice.
