Smiling into the mirror every so often at his work, Cas remained blissfully unaware of Dean's presence in the bathroom doorway. Until he wasn't.
Castiel found the baby blue bird just over a week ago. When his older brother Gabriel took him to the park, to get away while the doctors gave their mother something to ease the pain. The small bird was lying in it’s twiggy nest letting out small chirps, it’s mother had been carried off by a cat just a few feet away.
Dean isn’t sure if his tone is chiding or impressed.
Time seems to be going even slower than normal, Dean leaves his hand where it is on Cas’s back. He rubs small comforting circles up and down his spine.
The two men snug against each other on the green barely loveseat, loveseat. Beneath a large fluffy Christmas blanket. Watching the first snow fall on Christmas Eve.
Instead of responding, Cas watches the game on the tv. Ignoring the blush on his cheeks.
There a hint of sadness to Cas’s words though Dean could tell he tried to mask it with humor. Why though that is the question. Cas never inclined that he saw them as anything more, at least not completely.
“Sorry” Cas’s croaked his voice cracking. Dean placed his free hand over Cas’s lips, “Dean?”
“He’s a smart one” Dean says with pride in his voice.
Later, when the small pelts of rain find the two snoring softly, Cas strewn across Dean’s chest, and Dean clutching the back of Cas’s shirt. The droplets rouse them awake.
Cas snaps his eyes back up at Dean. The distance between them only inches apart. Their noses nearly brush with each heaving breath Dean takes; his cheeks coated in a red blush. Frozen in shock, the confession plays over and over in his mind. Dean just watches him with the complete opposite of what he expected, with affection and love. In that moment, all Cas can bring himself to say is “I am not an angel anymore.”
“I don’t want to no longer to this either” he growls, voice absolutely wrecked, “Do you think I didn’t mean what I said downstairs. I love you Dean.”
Suddenly the door is being swung open and Dean is being pulled into a bone-crushing hug. Cas drops away from his arm before it can get captured too. He watches with amusement as Dean's cheeks turn a dark shade of scarlet, "Dean you are here" Mary's silvery voice exclaims, ignoring Dean's embarrassment.
After everyone is done with their breakfast. Each person distributes their respective gifts to everyone with small chatter. Apologies passed for not getting anything for Anna from Dean and Cas, to which she apologizes back to Cas for not knowing he was coming either. Till everyone has a small collection of wrapped gifts in front of them, and there is an emptiness below the tree.
Noel, Noel
“Merry Christmas, mom, dad” Sam says while signing at the same time, making it easier for his fiancé to understand. Eileen nods wishing them a Merry Christmas as well.
Dean can’t explain it but when they stop talking it’s like a weight is lifted from his shoulders. It feels as if he can breathe again. The tightly wound coil of anger still rests heavily in his chest but everything around it eases.
“Well,” Dean raises his hands in defensive, and Sam looks away in shame, “I wouldn’t say ‘trust’”
Everything screaming in his mind as he looks at those determined blue eyes boring into his green ones.
“Dean” he asks into the empty dinning room, before noticing no one is there.
Castiel winces as the tiny rocks on the playground scrape his hands, and knees. A few even embedding into his skin. His small body causing the rocks to kick up with a clamor of little clinks into each other. The rocks giving way to the boy, leaving bare dirt spots where he lands. Heat radiates from the scrapes where he has started to bleed, soon after pain follows. Leaving the unshed tears in his eyes to fall to the ground. As the three children laugh above him. Crowley heading back towards his original quest of stomping the feather.
Something tickles at Cas's nose, waking him from his content sleep. One of the best nights of rest he's had for years if he's honest.
“Cas” Dean whispers his heart clenching in his chest. Instead of saying anything, Dean delicately pulls the other boy into the space between his legs.
Benny was easy-going never one to dwell on things. A good person at heart, despite his troubled past with alcoholism. Dean always thought that if he should love anyone it should be Benny, but he never did. It was always someone else Lisa or Michael someone he never had at a good shot with and always ending with people leaving him.
"Fiction is easier Dean.” Cas answers after quiet contemplation.
“Y-yeah” Cas stutters out tears fresh on his cheeks.
Jo piped in from where she sat watching the grinch "He's with his girlfriend, Elieen, he'll be back tomorrow for Christmas morning though."
“Alright, I’ll leave you boys to it” Jody clasps her hands together, the medical supplies stuffed safely back in her bag.  She rises to her feet towering over the boys once more before swaying away back to the lady – Donna was it.
Now all I have is your wings etched into my skin. A reminder for eternity that you were here but now your gone.
Dean, Sam, and Cas’s head back towards the library where Jack is watching over Lucifer. Making sure he isn’t up to no good.
Cas smiles at his son. A happy ache burning in his chest. Though Jack looks nearly the same as he always has, there are creases on his face as if he’s been through a lot, grown. Crinkles around his eyes, dark shadows beneath them, and a commanding presence. A newfound confidence which hadn’t been there before, with his child-like demeanor.
“But Dean - I thought -“ Cas is cut off when Dean places a hand in Cas’s beneath the blanket.
Cas steps out pulling his blue scarf around his neck over his tan trench coat. The cool air breezing over him. He looks through the white sheet of snow falling to the earth towards the impala.
Dean didn’t want to go though, he wanted to pull Cas to his chest. He wanted to hold him in his arms and whisper in his ears that Cas is beautiful, that everything is okay. He didn’t though after Cas dropped his dejected look and nodded in agreement.
”Why would he come to a coffee shop if he doesn't like coffee” Charlie the other barista said, she was practically like Dean’s kid sister. Bubbly, bright, and maybe a bit to blunt ”unless it’s for some other reason”
Cas, smiling for Sam. He drinks.
But then it doesn't as his world is consumed by an array of black dots.
"I hope it doesn't." Dean says with actual hope in his voice, because maybe one day their relationship could be a healthy one. Or at least resemble one. Change takes time Dean knows that, but he never thought John would try. He's been proven wrong twice today.
“Yeah, if that is okay with Dean. Dean is that okay with you?” Anna asks with a sweet note to her voice, playing on the crush Dean use to harbor on her.
But Cas bursts forwards, taking Dean’s soft slightly stubbled face into his own hands. Pushing a kiss into his lips just as intense as the one a second ago. They fall back onto the bed, lips never breaking. A hot frenzy of kisses exchanged a few down Dean’s jaw. Hands roaming over his chest, and Dean’s gripping Cas’s hips.
Dean shook his head "Fine"
Sam doesn’t say anything, and Dean doesn’t look at him. He already knows what he will find, that judgmental - Dean you’re a dumbass - look on his face. The one he seems to wear a lot. When the bell above the door chimes, and Castiel limps in, trying to mask his painful expression, Dean thinks he deserves that look.
“whatever” Dean sniffed, before turning back to Cas, and just before he plunged back in for more kisses, he said “You’re just jealous.”
A strangled gasp comes from Castiel his shoulders slump forwards. The tension that was holding him up is lost into grief.
Suddenly Cas knows if Halloween hadn’t already been his favorite holiday it is now. Maybe because it’s the night he finally told Dean he loves him and he said it back.
The other day while on a case, pretending to be CDC at a hospital one of the little girls who had gotten sick from their monster and happened to break her arm a week before, told Cas humans liked to write on casts. Which got Cas thinking. He couldn’t understand the concept of that or why they would do it but he suspected it was much like art for them.
Cas clears his throat once the waiter is gone. The deep rumble of his voice speaks, and Dean lifts his head to look at his angel, “Look sir” Cas levels with John, “I care deeply for Dean.”
Noel, Noel
“And now?” Jack questions, it always manages to surprise Dean how insightful, and soul-baring the Nephilim is when he speaks. As if calling attention to himself alone with his words, “After seeing what Chuck has done?”
Michael’s voice grows deeper “Castiel made it out alive, what happened when the empty came to collect on his deal. You both seem different; something must have happened.”
At that Dean leaned down, meeting their lips. That’s when it hit Cas full force that sweet-sweet caffeine-filled tasted.
Dean looked down to eyes widening as he quickly dropped them, “right um-“ he cleared his throat ducking his head to hide the red on his face. But Cas didn’t notice or if he did, didn’t mind because he began shoving things into his brown canvas bag.
“Much thank you ma’am” Castiel replies politely to the lady, glancing once more back over at the freckled face boy.
Some part of him screams to veer the car off the road into the tree beside him. But he doesn’t he keeps going. The shock of emotions still flooding his system.
Dean's heart clenched painfully at the scared expression on Cas's face. He knew he shouldn't have come back. Cas had always been spooked about his makeup, which is why when he saw the collection Cas had a few months ago he hadn't said anything. Cas clearly didn't want Dean to know. He should have known, this was always Cas’s favorite day, Dean didn’t fail to notice the intricate designs he always did for Halloween. Or how he always managed to shoo Dean out of the dorm the passed two years.
" John spat out 'girl' with venom dripping from his tongue. A look of disgust as he looked at the two boys together.
When he arrived in the white corridors of heaven, there was chaos. The first few days he didn't have much time to think. Though he could still feel the hurt, it was easier having something to focus on. Amara rebuilt the world and humanities understanding of the events after Chuck with Jack's help. While Cas set off to restore heaven. Rebuilding it to a way in which it was meant to be. Jack helped direct Cas between helping Amara.
All the while, Jack feels the bolts of power radiating from Lucifer, sucking them up. Little shocks at a time, power slowly filling him.
Dean however choses to ignore his pessimistic statement, saying “Either way he-Miracle is coming home with us,” and lower “Aren’t you boy.”
Dean smashes his fist into the mirror, the pain in his hand numbing him. Everything still hurts.
"Hey" the brown curly haired girl giggles. A small gap in her front teeth shows as she does "a mis'toe abobe you"
Cas tenses his jaw, pushing away from the counter to stand level with John, "Sir with all due respect, you are wrong. Dean is bisexual and it is not just a fancy word he found off of the internet. It is a real thing that you need to accept because that is a part of Dean. As for our 'love'"
Dean took the keys from Cas, patting the boy on his shoulder “hey man don’t even worry about it. If I hadn’t inherited baby, I wouldn’t be able to afford anything more than a rust bucket”
“For my powers” Castiel mumbles into Dean’s jacket, feeling the tight hurt back in his gut. Because this is what he wanted for Dean to want him to stay. If only for his powers he doesn’t have them anymore. He won’t be needed.
Is Cas talking about Dean? Does he want him to be?
Jack pushes Castiel’s shoulder, as he begins to open his mouth to ask what he means. With a huff, Cas falls to a hard ground, the nothingness fading away, till there is everything. Light, grass, dirt, happiness, pain, and warmth. An entire world around him. Cas is back, on earth he realizes.
The ball hits Michael square in the chest or so it seems. But Jack knows better he is just feigning being hit as he sinks the floor disappearing. Still, he turns towards Lucifer shoulders hunched, as if he’s cowering down, powerless.
“Don’t worry about it Cas, that’s what I’m here for whenever you need me.” Dean held underneath his chin, pulling him in for a chaste peck “plus I have to change for tonight anyways.”
Castiel nods “Okay” his voice breaks as he leans back against his mom, snuggled in her lap. Nose buried in her shirt breathing in the light scent of her rose perfume, “I love you mama”
Dean shakes his head “god no Cas, this is isn’t a one time thing. This - this is everything. Today, tomorrow, everyday. I want to spend every Christmas with you.”
"You shouldn't have to convince anyone that being Bi isn't fake Dean" Cas asserted his placing a hand over Dean's shoulder. He knew where he was coming from though. He watched it back in middle school before the Winchesters moved, and heard about it throughout highschool. Although it did seem better, once they moved back to Lebonan senior year, at least John was more stuble about his biphobia.
For a moment Cas seemed confused but he quickly caught on.
Cas nodded vigorously, “Yes, Yes it is. I love you too Dean Winchester.”
“I see you talked. Do you have any smart, knowledge brother to thank..” Sam smirks triumphantly, a raise of an eyebrow.
Michael looks to each of them individually, dramatizing the situation further. Dean crosses his arms over his chest, the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree he supposes. Finally, the archangel looks back down to the book his eyes glowing with a light blue light, he places his hand over the book. Dean drops his arms as the outlines on the book begin to glow with the same light. For a split second he thinks maybe this will work. But Michaels hand begins to shake, and he groans lowly pushing his grace further into his hand. Still the light of his grace dims and then all together it flashes out. He shakes his head “I’m sorry.”
Instead of explaining Dean waved him off, picking up light conversation when he noticed there weren’t many people in the shop, ”what are you studying”
When they reach the room, Cas stands there, angel blade at the ready. Across from him, hands held up at his head is Lucifer, with a grin broadly displayed “Hey, hey, hey. I thought you guys would miss me. I thought we were pals.”
Jack looks to Michael for his reaction, and watches as his expressions darkens to a deadly state. As Lucifer taunts him, his eyes flash blue with grace, and Jack can already feel the waves of power radiating off of him.
“I’m okay Dean, I’m not dying I’m just weak.” Cas speaks cutting off the hunter, his voice a raspy whisper.
A wide child-like smile crossed Dean’s face “okay”
“I don’t want to be an angel anymore Dean” Cas calls. Dean stops. Cas holds out a hand helping him to his feet, “I could have stopped, I could have kept some grace, let it grow back inside of me, and been an angel again. But I didn’t I let it leave me.”
Ellen glared at them a bit more, before dropping it. "You mightn't be off the hook just yet boys but I'm happy for you two. Plus you're not the only one."
Dean frowned, Cas shouldn’t have to hide not from Dean. They are best friends; but best friends still don’t tell each other everything. Maybe it’s wishful thinking wanting them to be more “I should just go”
Blue eyes stared into green with soft smiles on their faces, Cas reached up and brushed a leaf from Dean's hair as it fell on him. They laced fingers on top of the soft straw, knowing looks in their eyes as if they were thinking the same thing. This very night in this exact spot, all those years ago, before the years of friendship, and now dating back to the night they first met.
“Tell me what you need me to do”
“He clearly knows the God book could be lethal to him,” Michael rambles in a way that is unlike the once powerful favorite son Dean knows. Whether it’s this version or another, he is not one for words, but action. Woven of the same cloth as Dean, just as Chuck designed. He continues still not meeting Dean’s eyes just a little to the left of them, “Little does he know it is actually fairly useless now without Death to read it.”
“Um guys” Dean gathers his family’s attention, swallowing down the nervous lump in his throat. Bobby and Sam’s conversation dies off. John turns towards him.
“We will have Sam too”
Just as Sam opens his mouth most likely to chide Dean or question him even about what happened between the two. Dean walks away too.
Castiel turned back to the window, trying to ease the tightness in his chest.
Almost in unison they chime back ”Merry Christmas Bobby.”
“What? What did you do?” Chuck asks in a meager tone, looking up at the four of them in confusion. Cas looks down at him though he thinks he should be pleased at his fear he isn’t.
An old case their dad worked. They pull John’s book from the glove box referencing it for the first time in years. For a long time, it hadn’t been useful with all the lore at the bunker, and everything they learned over the years.
“Dean? Are you—are you okay?” Castiel asked cautiously, dropping to his knees beside him.
“Is he even home?” Jo asked as she shifted her car into park at the bottom of the stairs.
Dean’s attempt at comforting Gabriel had backfired as he himself was now being guided back down into the chair. “Meg filled me in. I always told him that bike was gonna be the—,” he stopped short, not wanting to finish the phrase and corrected, “I told him that bike was gonna get him hurt sooner or later.”
They texted one another randomly throughout the day, and every afternoon the Impala was waiting in the parking lot. The weather had gotten colder, so they usually spent their evenings curled up together on the couch binge-watching episodes of Dr. Sexy, which had actually turned into sex on the couch at least twice already. Dean had also reminded Castiel of his promise to help him learn to cook, and together they’d managed spaghetti, grilled chicken, and burgers again, at Castiel’s request.
As Castiel took Dean’s callused hands, holding tightly, he knew that he’d made the right choice… because it was
“Um. Yeah...” Dean was numb. “I was thinking about asking him to hang out again on Friday.”
long, but—”
When the light had stretched as far as it could reach, Dean was engulfed in the darkness. As his eyes adjusted, he realized the floor was littered with dark feathers. He kneeled, brushing his fingers over one gently, as though maybe Cas could still feel it. He hoped he wasn’t too late.
—here that love you.”
“Room for Jesus?” Cas asked, looking between Dean and Sam. “I don’t—”
“A new car? We can fix the truck, Sam, it’s just the alternator. No big deal.”
. A pained groan came from the couch and Charlie’s head popped out from beneath the blanket, red hair everywhere.
Sam tilted his head to touch the top of Charlie’s, accepting his fate. “Yeah, we’ll talk.”
Dean wrinkled his nose at the rows of glossy new cars as Sam sat in the driver’s seat of a dark blue Dodge Charger. “Sammy, when you said you wanted a new car, I thought you meant, like, a
“Awesome,” Dean answered confidently, and Castiel smiled in agreement.
is my family.
“Mornin’, sunshine. You’re looking downright chipper this morning,” Dean teased as he unloaded the coffee and breakfast in the kitchen.
Castiel shook his head, “Don’t you start that charming shit, Dean Winchester. I haven’t had enough coffee to fight it off yet and I have a whole day of work ahead of me.” Dean threw his head back with laughter. “Thank you for the ride. And for the coffee.”
They rode in silence for the rest of the drive, Dean’s mind buzzing with a thousand different thoughts. He didn’t even notice until he’d walked through his front door that John had followed him up the stairs. Dean didn’t protest, letting his father in before closing the door behind them. Dean scrubbed a hand over his face. It’d been an incredibly long day and it was catching up to him.
“Unwelcome in my locked apartment while I’m not home?” Castiel hung his bag and jacket by the door, before dropping onto the couch. The apartment was fairly small and plain with warm oak floors and mostly bare walls. The step-up kitchen overlooked the living room which was furnished with little more than a navy-blue couch and ottoman that faced a wall of bookshelves and a television mounted above a fireplace.
When he felt his body relax and saw him nod his readiness, he slowly pushed himself inside, filling him up. He paused at the sound of Dean’s gasp until his contracting muscles calmed. He leaned forward, praising him in whispers against his skin.
Castiel eyed him curiously. “Breakfast?”
He wondered if he should send a text or call, if he should do it today or if it was too soon, or if he should just rethink this whole thing and just go hide in his garage until the thought faded away. He nearly jumped out of his seat when the phone buzzed in his hand.
Dean strode, alone, toward the nest with an armful of blankets and pillows. Castiel tilted his head in question.
Castiel rolled his eyes while Sam laughed.
Castiel pecked a sweet kiss on Dean’s forehead. “Yeah, you really are. Now go call your brother.” Dean managed a chuckle and lightly shoved Castiel as he got to his feet and dialed Sam’s number. The phone had barely begun to ring before Sam picked up.
, Sammy? You’ve really gotta stop telling people we’re adorable.”
“Dean?” He answered. “I thought you were at dinner.”
Sam’s smirk was enough to say that he knew exactly what was going through Dean’s head, and that only irked the older brother even more. He turned his back on the car and pulled out his phone.
“Y-Yes,” Castiel confirmed.
The fog began to dissipate as he strained to hear more.
, he decided.
Sam grimaced. “I, uh—I don’t know. We all stayed at Dean’s last night, so I haven’t seen him since—” He sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose.
For the first time since Dean met the man, there was no humor in his eyes. “Don’t hurt him. Please. He kinda told me about—,” he gestured vaguely at Dean,” so if you’re not gonna follow through—just don’t lead him on, ’kay?" The look on his face expressed a real concern for his younger brother, and Dean could relate. He gave him a kind smile.
Leaving Jess to wrap up her list in the kitchen, he joined the couple in the alcove.
“What—no way. You’ve gotta be shittin’ me. She’s never brought anyone home before!”
Dean flushed. Being caught a second time watching Cas sleep definitely slipped him into creeper territory, and this would be the
The fog faded and the weights on his eyelids lifted enough so that he was able to blink himself awake. The fluorescent lights stung his eyes, but when he was finally able to focus, Dean and Gabriel were both hovering above him.
Dean stretched as he awoke.
He wasn’t sure if it was the head injury or the shock of the moment, but Castiel took the time to process the scene—Dean’s nervous neck rub, his flushed cheeks, his stammering, and now wide green eyes waiting for a response.
His heart ached when he looked at the stupid mutt, but he was happy to see her, nonetheless. Everyone was gone. Cas was gone. And yet, this dog was here. It wasn’t fair, but it meant something. It meant that maybe, just maybe there was hope—
Dean was stunned silent. That wasn’t what he expected. He looked over to Cas whose head tilted slightly in confusion.
A few hours later, they were seated at a high-top table at the Roadhouse. Dean and Cas would be joining them any minute now, but Sam seized the opportunity to take Jess by the hand. When she looked up at him, he smiled sheepishly.
A few hours later, the last box had been unloaded and Sam sat on the edge of the empty truck. Jess and Castiel were upstairs sorting the contents of the boxes by room and working on a checklist of items that Sam would have to buy. Dean climbed up to sit beside him, feet swinging below the bumper.
“So… Dr. Sexy?” he asked with a grin, sliding over to the center of the couch and holding out a hand for the remote.
He pulled his truck into the first gap he found among the emergency vehicles and hurried toward the ambulance.
, Dean thought. Ellen gave him her best pointed gaze.
Sam and Jess sat on one blanket with another wrapped around them. Sam’s long limbs wrapped around Jess from behind. Jess, however, was occupied with poking a long stick through a marshmallow. Charlie and Jo sat side by side in canvas folding chairs, each with their own stick already twirling in the blaze.
Dean squeezed Castiel’s hand. “Cas is right. We’re so grateful for you guys. Everything that you’ve done since the accident, everything for Cas, everything you did for—for
When Dean regained his ability to move, he grinned, closing the door and quickly claiming his place in the driver’s seat. He leaned across the seat to share another quick kiss and started the engine, ready to drive off into the sunshine.
,” Dean groaned at the loss of Castiel’s mouth, but the returned pressure of Castiel’s fingers on his prostate was enough to send him over the edge, spilling over his own stomach. He winced as Castiel removed his fingers but quickly pulled the man up to straddle over his hips. The view of his broad shoulders and those goddamned hipbones was nearly enough to start Dean up all over again, but right now wasn’t about Dean. He clicked the little bottle open and slicked up his hand. They locked eyes as Dean wrapped his hand around Castiel’s neglected hardness, stroking him quickly and firmly. It didn’t take long before he came, collapsing over Dean.
“Um, things are… really good, actually,” she said, almost sheepishly, a blush creeping into her cheeks. “Charlie’s great.
After a quick drive over to Castiel’s building, they stood in the secure parking lot reserved for the building’s tenants.
Castiel chuckled. “Actually, I love working with the kids. Their resilience in the face of adversity is inspiring. Plus I get to wear scrubs with honeybees and ducks on them.” The table broke into laughter, breaking the tension once again.
That’s when everything went black.
“I like it,” Sam said simply, unaffected by Dean’s complaining. No car would ever measure up to Baby in Dean’s eyes. “Anyway, it’s what
Dean sighed. “Yeah, Sammy, I know. Trust me, I know.”
A slight movement, an adjustment of his hips, and another of those low moans welcomed Castiel’s fingers to explore more. As his mouth continued to work over Dean’s shaft, alternating teasing licks and firm suction, he held himself up with his left hand while his right ran lightly over Dean’s sack, his thumb rubbing circles over his perineum. After another eager adjustment of hips, Castiel slowly sat up, leaving Dean’s cock to bob freely. He looked up to find wide green eyes.
Donna had learned their usual breakfast order and she grinned each time she greeted Dean, reminding him to tell Mr. Novak she said hello, which he always did, though there were some mornings in which Dean preferred to cook their breakfast. The noises Castiel made when he devoured Dean’s vanilla pancakes were well worth the effort and had nearly made them both late for work that particular morning.
She opened the door and disappeared, leaving Dean to digest the conversation.
“I’m here, Cas. I’m here,” he breathed as he cupped Castiel’s face, stroking his thumbs over Castiel’s cheekbones. “You’re gonna be okay.”
Suddenly, Jo and Charlie had Dean wrapped up in hugs, and Sam joined in, wrapping his long arms around them all, while Ellen watched and smiled. Even Bobby cracked a momentary smirk before breaking up the scene. (“
Jess giggled as Dean gaped and Castiel hid his red-faced laugh in Dean’s shoulder.
He wondered where Dean and Lisa were and what they were talking about. There was a mix of fear and worry, and even a tinge of jealousy causing his mind to swim in bad ideas. He just hated the idea of Dean dealing with his first negative reaction to coming out—hated the idea of Dean having to explain himself to his ex. He couldn’t stop thinking about it. He picked up his double-spiked eggnog and pointed a thumb over his shoulder.
Castiel grunted in response, bundling his blanket tighter over his head. Dean carried their cups over to coffee table, sitting carefully near Castiel’s head. There was still a bit of a sting when he sat down, and he smiled to himself at the sensation. With eyes still mostly shut, Castiel wriggled closer until his head rested on Dean’s lap. He pulled Dean’s arm over him, hugging it like a teddy bear. Dean threw his head back, laughing at the pitifully adorable creature now clinging to his arm.
“And Sam, you’ll be there too?” Ellen pointed her fork at Sam who looked like a deer caught in headlights.
“Donna!” Dean admonished with a wide, purposeful glare. Castiel’s brows raised in surprise, suspecting that Dean may have been trying to keep her from saying more.
“So, would you like me to meet you at your place?”
“Thank you!” Castiel gestured appreciatively. “A man of logic.”
Sam set down his spoon. “What the hell are you—”
“Castiel.” John nodded. “Well, you’re right, Castiel. Right about everything.” Without another word, John clapped a hand on Castiel’s shoulder, then stood to leave. He shoved his hands in his jacket pockets and walked to his pickup without turning back. Castiel stayed seated on the bench and watched the truck pull out of the parking lot and down the road.
“You eat like a wild animal,” Sam said as he shook his head in exasperation as his brother’s lack of manners. “So, Jess and I are gonna pack up my room. You guys can pack up the office. The living room and kitchen are mostly Dad’s things.”
“Cas—Castiel? Is that Castiel?”
car.”
“It—it’s okay. I’ve, uh, done this part before,” he said shyly. Dean reached behind the solid wooden headboard and offered a small bottle of lube that he’d apparently stashed on the windowsill behind it. Castiel displayed a sexy smirk as he accepted, quickly slicking up his fingers.
They left the diner hand in hand, opting to leave the Impala parked in the public lot and walking the two blocks over to The Roadhouse. It was a beautifully crisp, early December night. Some of the storefronts had twinkling lights strung around the windows and the town had hung large red bows on the all the lampposts. When a cold breeze blew, Dean squeezed Castiel’s hand and moved a little closer, seeking his warmth.
“One!”
“Au contraire, Dean-o,
Even with the time saved by not having to drive to Castiel’s building, they’d arrived late. It didn’t help that Dean had gotten somewhat distracted when he’d emerged from the bathroom to find Castiel sprawled on his bed looking festive in his bright red button up and a flashing necklace shaped like colorful twinkling lights. Castiel had insisted that the gray V-neck sweater that Dean had picked out was boring and after several minutes of negotiations that became playfully dirty, they compromised on an emerald green sweater of the same design as the gray one.
She huffed in weak protest. “We, uh—we talked to Ellen and she invited me to dinner tonight.”
. “You don’t think—you think?” He held in a laugh.
The angel that wrapped his arms around him tight when Dean kissed his sleepy head… The angel that maybe Dean was a little in love with.
“What? No!” He was irritated by her accusation, but he tried to gather his thoughts. He wanted to be honest with her. “I dunno. I mean, it might have played a part, but it didn’t change anything. We just... didn’t work.”
“Dean, he’s still
“I love the way you same my name, sunshine,” he huffed through heavy breaths.
Castiel ignored him to survey the room. Whatever was beneath the drop cloth was too small to be a car, but too large to be something like furniture, which had both been Castiel’s guesses about what
Ruby separated herself from Sam without question and pulled on her own coat. Sam looked annoyed, but not hurt, Dean noticed. As the sisters headed back to the door, Castiel stepped back inside facing their glares as they passed him without speaking. Once they were gone, he slumped back into the booth beside Dean.
“Y’know, I think Charlie just might be getting somewhere with Jo,” Dean said to Sam as they looked toward the pair at the bar.
Sam hesitated. “I don’t know. I mean, he’s a shitty dad, but he’s not a monster. At least not when he’s sober.” He closed his eyes, allowing himself to let his own feelings settle. “But, I mean, we’re all supposed to go to Bobby’s tomorrow night. Including Cas. I think he’s gonna need us.”
Sam paused with a pang of guilt as he thought of his father. They had never lived an apple-pie kind of life, at least not since their mother was alive, but it suddenly felt as though the little inkling of family that they had salvaged over the years was falling apart at the seams now.
Dean and Gabriel both turned their attention back to Castiel whose eyes had finally managed to focus on the room around him.
He cast a sideways look at the man, careful not to catch his eye, but ultimately decided to stare out the window instead. “Hey, Dad?”
“Oh, I think, alright. Meg and Gabriel.” He cringed, and Dean doubled over with laughter.
“Gabriel said he was cute,” Anna said with an approving grin once Dean was gone. She settled into the now vacant chair beside the bed.
Dean smirked to himself, “You know, I think that sounds pretty good, Cas. Noon?”
, you mean—?”
“We should have more first dates,” Dean said to Castiel who grinned.
“Um, sorry—,” Dean said, finally finding his voice. “Bobby, Cas. Cas, Bobby Singer.”
“Dude. What’s wrong? Did someone die? Please tell me no one died.”
“Dean’s not just a pretty boy, you know,” Castiel said, shooting his older brother a sideways glance.
“Hello, Dean,” responded a deep gravelly voice on the other end of the line.
Dean glanced at Sam who gave a barely perceptible shrug.
“Hey, Jess. Yeah, I’m okay. Just had a rough night.” He tossed clothes into the bag as he spoke, not really bothering to pay attention to what he was grabbing.
Castiel nodded, still wary, but hopeful. Dean looked at the ground and huffed a laugh.
He covered his face, pressing the heels of his palms against his eyes.
He thumbed the arrow that backed him out of Sam’s text to the list of recently received messages. Clicking Cas’s name, he smiled, the tension in his shoulder loosening. He hadn’t replied to Cas’s message earlier, as he became a bit preoccupied with the whole coming out thing.
“Dean.
“Lisa,” Sam said in explanation. Castiel simply continued sipping quietly.
Charlie had apparently been holding back some excitement for a few minutes now, because she pounced from her chair as though it were spring-loaded and hugged Castiel.
Dean answered with a chuckle, “Cas, if I stay I’m gonna pee in your bed.”
loyal to him for
“Charlie said she’s running late,” Jo commented offhandedly. Sam and Dean both eyed her with suspicion as her cheeks and ears turned pink.
“Lisa,” he said on an exhale.
“Is—is that—?”
“Hey,” Dean said, reaching up to cup Castiel’s jaw in his palm.
“Yeah, it’s not like it’s the
“Definitely,” Dean said thickly, wrapping his arms around Castiel’s neck. “Can’t wait ‘til next time.”
He saw Dean smile before his face changed to an anxious determination. He watched on as Dean tapped out another message, pausing for a moment and deleting it, then tapping it out again. He paused only for a brief second before hitting send.
“He’s family,” said a voice from a doorway behind the desk. Meg stood there, looking more professional than Dean thought possible. She and Missouri exchanged a look and the older nurse nodded.
Dean’s face drained of color as his eyes drifted just over Sam’s shoulder.
Nope, that wasn’t something Dean could put himself through. He was a hunter through and through, and if that meant he’d die alone, then he figured he may as well accept his fate. At least that’s what he told himself.
At that, Dean smiled. “How about you? How are things? How’s Ben?”
Dean shook his head as they stepped into the garage. “Not anymore. Now you’ve got me. I’ll bring you to work. It’ll give me an excuse to see you every morning.” Castiel tilted his head, considering. He found Dean’s concern completely endearing but didn’t want to put him out. Dean stepped closer again. “C’mon, Cas, it’ll get you a few extra minutes of sleep and I’ll even make your coffee for you.”
“Shut up. Let’s go,” he said, standing and collecting their empty cups. Castiel laughed and followed him outside to the Impala.
Castiel’s thumb traced over the edge of the Impala key before he let out a content sigh. “I know how much your car means to you…”
In the night, Dean had apparently turned onto his opposite side and his face was now pressed up against the top of Cas’s head, his arms wrapped tightly around broad shoulders. Cas was nestled close, his head tucked against Dean’s chest, his hand resting on Dean’s waist. From their position, it seemed Dean had likely been the one to pull Cas close and Cas had curled right in. Their bodies fit together so well and warm that before Dean was fully awake, he kissed the top of the head he was cradling.
“Sam! I’ve been trying to get your brother—Castiel’s been in an accident. He’s on his way to the hospital now, and I can’t get Dean—” He felt frantic, desperate to get the message to Dean. This was important. This
it wasn’t a terrible car. Dean could appreciate the distinctly commanding look and the subtle hints at the horsepower hidden beneath its hood. And
When Bobby looked up at Dean, his eyes were glassy. He pulled Dean into a burly hug, patting him roughly on his back before releasing him. In all the years he’d known him, Dean had never seen the stoic man react that way and it pulled at Dean’s heartstrings.
“Dean, I am so—” Sam began, but Dean cut him off.
When he realized where his mind had wandered, his heart skipped a beat.
He felt red, anger and betrayal when he thought of Naomi and the way she had used him. He felt blue sadness when he recalled the unnecessary deaths of Kevin and Charlie and so, so many others. But when he thought of returning to the bunker with Sam and Dean, he felt yellow and orange and a bright flash of green. There were colors in between that didn’t have names, but each evoked a different feeling that spread through his soul.
Castiel helped reset his position between the rails. “I did,” he answered plainly, “and it went just as well as I expected it to go.”
“That’s Meg,” he answered simply.
want.”
He grabbed the man’s hands, pulling him down to the bed. Castiel crawled over him, straddling his hips, up on his hands and knees and only barely touching him. Dean ached for more contact. His hands found smooth skin under the back of Castiel’s shirt and he let out a hum when their lips finally found one another again.
“You’re cut off, John,” Rufus said gruffly, though it was the kind of gruffness that, for Rufus, meant he cared. “Now get the hell outta my bar.”
Dean gave him a nervous smile before leaning down for a quick kiss and making a hasty exit.
“I fell, Dean.”
A wave of guilt washed over him, and he closed his eyes, leaning his head heavily on Castiel’s shoulder. “I’m a dick.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Without another word, he left, climbing into the Impala and tearing off down the road.
Unsure of what to say, Sam turned his gaze back to his dangling feet. “Yeah.”
“Yeah. Dad—he’s a lot like you. Couldn’t handle just sitting in the waiting room. He wanted—
Sam stuck his head into the hallway just in time to see the dripping pair pass him, heading toward Dean’s room. He rolled his eyes and smiled as he returned and stretched out on the sofa. When Jack tilted his head in question, Sam grinned.
Castiel laughed. “While I agree, what I meant was I could meet you at your place to save you the detour of picking me up.”
Sam put a hand on his shoulder. “Hey, it’s gonna be fine. Lisa’s not a bad person.”
He gave Dean his best sad puppy eyes, knowing that his brother really had no excuse to turn down the offer anyway.
“Maybe it’s better this way,” he said in a low voice, not moving his head from its place on Castiel’s chest.
. His phone was vibrating again on the table. He ignored his dad’s second call, groaning at the horrible timing.
Dean gave him a little smirk. “Apparently my type’s a little slow on the uptake, too.”
“Yeah, we definitely should.”
Before Sam could respond, a truck pulled into the last available space in the driveway behind Bobby’s old parts truck. Dean and Sam stared as the engine quieted and the driver’s door swung open. A thick tension fell as the driver sidled past the old parts truck, reaching into the cooler tucked behind the cab and popping open a beer.
—sat in the middle of three little girls. The girls were in Christmas nightgowns and the dog wore a headband with reindeer antlers.
“Look,” Sam pointed past Dean. Through the window was the parking lot of the community center. There were a handful of cars scattered through the parking lot, and in a spot near the edge of the lot, a familiar pickup truck.
Castiel sighed.
sleep on.”
“And what are your thoughts on that?” said the first voice.
“I have a theory.” Charlie smirked. “Have dinner with me tomorrow. We can discuss it over sushi.”
Lisa stared at him, studied his face. Dean tolerated the scrutiny, hoping she understood.
Sam caught his eye in the rearview mirror. “I, uh—I don’t know. Do—do you think he’ll come back home?”
“Something like that. He’s family,” he rushed out. “Is he okay?”
…! And now—” He cut himself short and scrubbed a hand down his face trying to calm himself.
“Oh,” Dean said, finally turning around, shifting his feet away from Cas’s. “Hey. So, what’s up with the vamps?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas fished the key out of his pocket and unlocked the door. Instead of opening it, he took a step back and turned to Dean. When Dean huffed out a breath and turned the knob, Cas could only follow, mortified.
Sam was the first to wake the next morning. He was sprawled out over the armchair, his long legs dangling off one side and his back aching. He scrubbed a hand over his face before pulling himself upright. Charlie and Jo were tangled together on the couch, huddled under a blanket.
“I’m s-sorry,” Castiel croaked. Dean and Gabriel frowned in unison.
The corner of his mouth turned up in a somewhat defeated smile before he nodded reluctantly.
“You heard me. C’mon. I’ll give you a ride to work,” Dean offered with a pat on Castiel's shoulder.
Dean threw Sam a glare, but he didn’t argue, because he secretly
Castiel laughed, dropping the towel on the floor before slipping between the sheets. Dean wrapped him up in his arms, nuzzling his nose into Castiel’s hair.
“Are—are you asking me to move in with you?”
“They don’t deserve to be so miserable all the time,” she said. Castiel hummed in agreement. “It never ends. There’s always
Dean rolled his eyes. “Alright, I’ll admit I can see the appeal of the death machine.”
“I think she’s still drunk,” Sam said as he tapped on his phone. Dean narrowed his eyes at his brother. It wasn’t like him to be so absorbed in his phone.
was what they’d taken to calling whatever it was that John had been working on in the garage to keep his mind occupied these last few months. He worked long hours in there, proving to Castiel where Dean’s work ethic had stemmed from, and he’d been
He hummed timidly, but planted his feet on the floor, grounding himself. “I, uh, told Charlie everything. It was… a blur, honestly.”
His eyes tore away from Dean to follow the sound of the soft, familiar voice and landed on a prim red-haired woman.
John scrubbed his hand over his face as he sat behind the wheel of his pickup in the parking lot of the community center. He examined the sobriety chip that he’d been carrying in his pocket for nearly a week, running his thumb over the gold letters that curved around the edge.
Castiel shivered as he entered his apartment. Dean was right about freezing his ass off. He loved his bike, but it really wasn’t very practical in the winter. He’d gotten used to bundling up to walk the few blocks to work or borrowing Gabriel’s car when absolutely necessary. He’d even gotten an Uber a few times when he’d found himself stuck at the hospital during an afternoon rain shower. Thinking about it, he looked forward to taking Dean up on his offer to bring him to work in the mornings—of course he looked forward to that for other reasons as well. He smiled to himself as he kicked off his shoes and sunk onto the couch, leaning his head back on the cushions to stare at the ceiling.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “I guess.”
He hadn’t expected that and didn’t know what to say. “What—? I want you to come back inside, is what I want right now, Cas, c’mon—!”
Dean pulled away, sitting up so he could look into Cas’s eyes. They were dazzling, even in the dark, and the slight hint of sadness hidden beneath the smile pained Dean to his core. The idea that Cas thought Dean wanted to keep him secret…? He hated it.
“Dean—”
That brought Dean back to reality. “Really? That’s great news.” A smile spread across his face as he pointed toward the door. “I hate to run already, but…”
? It’s the best goddamn thing to ever happen to me. You wanna know why? Because I love him more than I
He watched until the motorcycle disappeared around a corner, before coming back to his senses. He smiled as he finally unlocked his phone and checked his message.
When Sam and Jess separated, Sam threw a glare at his brother. “You’ve got nerve. I had to sit in my car for an hour the other day while you two Netflix-and-chilled on the couch that
“Sam, I know—I know this isn’t what you wanted.” Sam raised his brows and laughed at the gross understatement.
They headed inside to find that the dollhouse aesthetic carried right into the motel lobby with its deep green carpeting and flowery wallpaper. There was a grandmotherly old woman waiting at the counter with pink-framed glasses, bouffant hair, and a friendly smile.
bed can just be
“I don’t know whether to call this place cute or creepy,” Dean said as he pulled into the parking lot.
. He’d been experiencing emotion in shades of black and white for millennia, but this? He had no idea that it would be like this.
It seemed to take a moment for Castiel to regain his ability to speak. “I—I was coming to see if you’d had breakfast yet.”
” Angry tears streaked down his face, as the words long overdue spilled out, but he stepped back and intertwined his fingers with Castiel’s, grounding himself with his chin held high. “We managed without you as kids, and we don’t need you as adults. Hell, it’s better when you’re gone most of the time anyway. Why do you even care?”
“I know she’s not exactly the same as she once was, but she’s whole again.” John’s tone and the deep sigh that followed gave the impression that he may have been talking about more than just the restored Harley that was now the center of attention.
“Could I venture a guess to say it might’ve been both?” Cas gave him an easy grin. Dean blushed again and nodded slightly. Cas marvelled at the colour on his hunter’s cheeks, bringing a hand to caress his cheek. “You’re beautiful when you blush, Dean.”
So Castiel was not expecting much fanfare from the Winchesters as he stumbled through the doors, but he was still surprised to find a tiny dog sitting near the foot of the stairs, curled up and staring back at Castiel with interest.
“Hey, what’s done is done,” He tried to shrug nonchalantly, which might’ve appeased Jack. But Cas saw through the gesture. He always knew Dean intimately, even when they first met. The only difference is, now Dean knows he can’t hide anything from the angel. Dean met Cas’s eyes, and his expression sobered up immediately. “Hey Jack, do you think I could have a moment alone with Cas?” Jack nodded.
“Fuck off, Novak,” Dean muttered. “That’s not what I meant, and you both know it,” He pulled his mug of coffee to his lips as he heard Cas’ soft laughter. “I need new friends.”
“And then we can spend the next three months getting reacquainted,” He grabbed Dean’s left hand before pressed a loud, smacking kiss on his ring finger. “
“Let’s go home, Dean.” Cas stroked his cheek and pulled his head back. Dean felt his heart try to swoop at the absence of touch, but Cas only tilted his head up to press a gentle kiss on the hunter’s forehead.
. As much as Dean adored the sea air, he could feel his stomach lurching with each sway of the water.
Dean frowned as he looked at the crushed flowers beneath his body. The angels’ trumpets were completely flattened by his body, a lingering sparkle of golden glitter floating in the air from the dead petals. He tilted his head, not too sure if he should try to touch the glitter or bat it away. A sudden gust of wind decided for him, pushing the glitter away and further into the cave.
delicious and sweet. “Mmm, very nice,” He licked his lips.
“It depends. Sometimes, when it’s a quiet night, we’ll ask for enough food for our guards to eat here, and half the time, Cas and Gabe have breakfast and lunch with us anyway, since we usually take those meals in our rooms,” Dean shrugged as the food came out. The entree was a simple foie gras, which always made Dean’s stomach turn. As the plate was set down, Dean sent an annoyed glance towards Sam, who held the same disgusted grimace as Dean. Both the princes politely picked at the entree, and Dean sipped from his wine glass, keeping a watchful eye on his date, who was chewing delicately. Benny glanced towards Cas, and there was an interesting look in the man’s eye.
Dean looked up at the house. “So, what are we doing here?”
The beeping of the timer made Dean jump. Castiel, now feeling comfortable in Ellen’s kitchen, removed the tins from the oven and delivered them to Dean’s workspace. Now waiting for the crusts to cool, Dean leaned backward against the countertop and plucked a sweetened cherry from the bowl. He popped it into his own mouth before offering a second to Castiel. Instead of taking the cherry with his hands, Castiel opened his mouth wide, earning a chuckle from Dean as he carefully dropped the cherry on his waiting tongue.
“Oh, he has, you have no idea,” Cas smiled. “He was actually the one who told me to reach out to Eileen for you, mainly because he thought you could use more company than just me,”
“Perhaps, or maybe he can smell your brother on me,” Cas mused.
“I was going to, anyway, Dean,” Cas rolled his eyes. When he knew Dean’s eyes were back firmly on the road, he fished into his dress pants pocket for that little scrap of paper from a few days ago. Just as the car started to slow down towards the garage entrance, he let the paper flutter onto the floor of the back of the car.
“Becky isn’t exactly a reputable journalist, Sammy,” He crossed his arms, but cleared his throat as he read the piece out loud. “‘
“He suggested writing out my feelings, which I shut him down on to begin with, because who the hell would want to hear about that? But then I realized,” He exhaled a sigh, heavy like the steps he’d taken to get to this point, to be comfortable to even mention journaling to Cas. The angel waited, but it was apparent Dean wasn’t going to fill the space.
“How do you mean?” Castiel frowned, scuffing a few small broken stones over the edge of the rip.
? Promised to the angel, like a blushing bride in an arranged marriage? Or was it something more...
“So everybody keeps reminding me,” Dean mumbled. He was
“Since Purgatory,” Dean choked out. “God, I’ve been wanting you to love me back since Purgatory,” Cas’ hips stilled before picking up the pace, slamming his hips hard into Dean.
“There’s that new superhero one you said you wanted to see, Dean,” Cas was scrolling through his phone, and Dean was extremely grateful Claire taught him the finer things about the Internet because some of the things Cas had asked about technology left even Sam stumped. “It starts at seven.”
“So?” Sam raised a questioning eyebrow. He wasn’t wearing plaid, which was slowly becoming the norm for him. A well-worn sweater threaded with green, gold, and red wrapped around his arms like it belonged there, and Cas supposed, it probably does now. Gone were the torn shirts and blood-stained jackets for both Winchesters.
“Castiel Novak,” The man held out the tanned hand not nursing his drink. Dean took it and was pleasantly surprised by the firm handshake he was given. “This
“You’re so
“That sounds wonderful, dear,” Mary gave him a real smile for once. “Please don’t forget to wear sunscreen today,”
, 2018. Dean pushed out his breath in surprise. Jesus Christ, it’s really been over a decade since they met.
“And how long have you been wanting me to
His heart stuttered, trying to climb out of throats and jaws. “What?”
“You would be wise to show me some respect, Winchester,” Michael stretched Adam’s lips into a mirthless smile, and Dean felt a memory tweak in his mind.
his hand hard enough to make his knuckles crack. “Whoa, sorry. Whoops.”
“Well, that’s...good, isn’t it?” Dean could almost picture his furrowed brow.
“Emma’s doing well. She’s babbling at your brother in the kitchen. Sam’s struggling to figure out the baby formula, so he’s Googling it,”
“Your Highness, does this mean we can’t include any civilians on the list?”
I'm trying to get around to finishing off my other fanfic so I can throw all of my focus onto this one because I really want to try to draw this out. So, be prepared to stick around for the long haul!
“It was,” Cas took a sip of his drink, still keeping his eyebrow raised. “Why do you ask?”
“I could never be...no, there have been occasions, I suppose,” He shrugged. “But I’m not angry with you right now, at least. How about ‘sweetheart’?” Cas smiled as he watched Dean splash water onto his chest, soap suds dampening his t-shirt in shock.
“Okay, I’ll be there soon. And Claire?” There was an affirmative noise from the speaker. “Stay put, okay? Jody will kill me if anything happens to you.”
Those were the words Amara said, just before she and Chuck vanished into thin air. Dean stood there, all alone and without a ticking time-bomb inside of him. He blinked slowly, only to find the garden gone. He had been shifted into a thick, wooded area and dropped down like a pin on an unknown map.
“No,” His answer was immediate, but he still pulled his face back from Cas’ embrace to look startled about it. “Sorry. I just...”
Dean woke up covered in a hot sweat with his stomach lurching painfully. A glance at his phone on his nightstand told him it was two in the morning. A hot flush ran up his spine, and he licked his dry lips.
I’ll say yes. Now,” He pulled back, cocking up an eyebrow. “I believe you asked to be ‘bound’ before. Is that what you want?” Heat raced through Dean’s entire body so fast, he’s sure Cas noticed the red flush on his skin.
“Oh, I’m, uh...I’m taking the poetry class this year,” He blinked, and Cas froze. Shit. Shit shit shit shit. “Is that, uh...is that going to make things weird for you?” As Cas’ brain rebooted back up, Dean chewed on his lip. Cas placed his noodle box down on the coffee table.
“That’s where you’re wrong, kid,” Dean’s voice came low from Cas’ door. Jack broke away from Cas to turn and face Dean. The hunter looked tired, and there was a haunted look in his eye, but Cas noticed the piece of paper, clenched in his right fist. It made his pulse quicken. “I’ve got so many things to be afraid of,”
I'm on a roll, apparently. You will notice some of these chapters are turning out to be longer than others, but I promise it's starting to really come together now!
“When was this?” Dean flipped open the page, scanning the poorly-written article for any way to reconcile the photo to a memory.
“Well, sure, but there are
“He saw me snuggling you, didn’t he?” Dean felt...well, how did he feel? The image flashed in his mind of a car’s engine attempting to splutter to life, only to accidentally become flooded. Time to open the car hood and give himself time to breathe. He shut his eyes and did just that, tapping his fingers absently on his cheeks. “Alright then,” He opened his eyes to see the angel still giving him that affectionate stare. “What?” Cas shrugged.
Thanks for bearing with me. Also, just letting you know, there is a scene where Dean is sick with food poisoning, so there is a scene involving him throwing up in his bathroom.
“Hi, Emma,” There was a gentleness in Sam’s voice Dean had only witnessed a handful of times. Not even around other children was Sam this soft. He’d only used this voice on Dean when he was afraid, waking up from dreams anticipating what fresh nightmare was awaiting him in Hell.
Hours passed, and there were countless balls of paper resting in his bin before he finally felt like he’d exhausted all the emotion he ever felt about the angel. He read over the poem once more with bleary eyes, allowing himself to feel everything one final time:
“Okay,” Cas ran his right hand on the warmth of Dean’s right ass cheek. “You deserve my affection,” The hit was a little harder than the first, and Dean gasped out in surprise. He became aware his hands were no longer resting up against a wall but suspended in the air by Cas’
The words felt monumental to him, free-falling into freedom for the very first time. He couldn’t allow himself to feel anything over Chuck’s downfall, but now he found himself released to everything he ever held himself back from.
I could lose everything and I would still know you.
“You think I’m cute,” The words came out more like a garbled question than an actual statement, and there was a distant rumble from Cas’ chest as he smiled wider.
“Sam―”
“Check your phone,” Dean’s voice was devoid of emotion. Cas frowned, and pulled out his own phone. It was an emergency message, sent out by Kansas State Police, with regards from the State Government.
,’ He didn’t want to close his eyes, scared to lose the sight of his angel’s wings covering the entirety of the bed and wrapping around Dean’s shoulders. He could feel the wings manoeuvring his body up and down onto Cas’ cock, and he cursed. ‘You’re
you can ask me again, and
The prince waltzed into the Smoking Room armed with a polite smile since he had no idea what to expect. He was never sure of his mother’s moods. Dean was greeted with his mother peering at him over a newspaper, with a pile of tabloids sitting next to Dean’s plate of eggs and bacon on toast. Sam was sitting across from Dean’s seat, cutting into his egg white omelette while directing a smirk towards his brother. Dean felt like he was under a microscope. He hadn’t even sat down.
annoyed at Sam. If it hadn’t been for Sam’s spill, he wouldn’t have come across Cas’ poem. Everything seemed a little convenient, however, so he waltzed into the War Room to find Sam. He saw his brother sitting at his laptop, having just hung up from a Skype call with Eileen. Dean went to speak to him, but he also noticed Cas sitting a little further off, reading something. He frowned.
The next few days were to be expected. Sam had never indulged in too much alcohol, but in the memory of his brother, and with Castiel’s assistance, they drank all of Dean’s leftover hunter’s helper. Silence permeated most of the spaces between them, but it was in the silence they found solace. Between the three of them, Dean had always been the one to fill the empty air with words. But Sam was used to taking his time to think, and Cas was used to not talking for years at a time before the Winchesters came along.
“Thank you.” That was it. Dean was half-expecting to be chastised about not needing to be defended, especially not by his charge. At least, he was expecting Cas to shake his head at him. Castiel did, however, reach out and squeeze Dean’s shoulder. That was enough.
“Okay.” They looked up at the sky. Dean felt a heavy weight slip off his chest. He’s got his best friend by his side, even though that title wasn’t apt for Castiel. He felt like...
“Cas,” Dean croaked in a panic. But then Castiel did something Dean did not expect. He made a soft humming noise and gently caressed the top of Emma’s dark-haired crown.
“That’s not what I’m talking about, Dean, and you know it.”
This one begins with a nightmare that is canon-typical violence, in a sense. So, please be prepared for that. If you don't want to read that, go to the first bit of non-italicised writing. Enjoy!
“You’re on display for all these people, boy, but they can’t touch you, they
Water started filling his lungs again, flowing to his lips and spewing out. It washed away the blood on his hands, but the fountain from his lungs wouldn’t stop. The rain cascaded down, rushing like a waterfall. Everywhere water was trying to swallow him up. Still, the memories came flooding in.
“It’s just convenient,” He would say. “You and I both drink a ridiculous amount of coffee anyway, so it’s not like you’re gonna argue with me now, are you?” And Castiel had always conceded that he was right.
‘Ooh, your smite-y voice,’ Dean purred, shoving the rest of the salt into Joe’s open mouth. His screams gurgled and choked out in desperate breaths. ‘Tell ya, Cas, be careful using that voice in this situation. Might get a little
,’ The angel gripped his hands on the hunter’s hips like a vice. Dean was sure he was going to bear bruises on his body tomorrow, and he craved it. He swivelled his hips slowly, drawing a gentle figure-of-eight and relished in the sight of his angel falling apart from his body. He squinted as he focused on the space behind Cas’ back, licking his lips as he remembered the sight of his angel’s wings when he was completely demonic.
“This house was the final thing my father gifted me before he died,” Cas sighed, bringing his hand to his neck. “The intention was for me to use the old family house for my future family, but it’s been ten years since he passed, and I’ve yet to do so,”
Castiel always enjoyed Dean’s sole company, and he knew this would be no different. If anything, this time might be more open and honest than ever before. Except when they first met. Castiel had already resigned he would never again have a moment like that with Dean. They came close to that purity, that openness, in Purgatory, but they never had the chance to discuss it.
“Do ya think you can go to my room, and grab Dad’s journal? It’s sitting on my desk, I think,” Cas glanced around, and spotted the tired old book perched on the corner of the desk. He normally never leaves without it. As if he heard Castiel’s thoughts, Dean laughed: “I guess I had a lot on my plate, and it just slipped my mind,”
one? Perhaps the one that would help produce an heir,” Dean cocked an eyebrow as he felt his face heat up. “I understand most people have moments of curiosity now and then, especially at your age, but you’re not
“Sent to you from an admirer, Your Highness,” Cas called from his station by Dean’s bedroom door. Dean had told him multiple times being by his bedside as he slept was entirely unnecessary, but Cas maintained he only stuck around until he knew Dean was asleep before heading into his bedroom next door. Dean raised a questioning eyebrow as Cas and motioned for him to relax. “I believe it was Fergus Crowley,”
“I know this isn’t much, but if there are any issues at all, and you feel the need to talk about them with a professional, in a controlled environment, you can always reach out to Ms Masters,” He tapped the name on the top of the business card. “She’s a wonderful person, and will be more than capable of helping you navigate any issues,”
“I―uh―”
“How’d that feel, boy?” Dean couldn’t help the slightly-loopy grin that crawled onto his face.
“So, what’s there to do here, Bobby? Don’t tell me you just sit here and drink every day,”
his climax, and he tugged hard on Cas’ hair to let the angel know. With a loud slurp, Castiel pulled his lips off Dean’s cock,
“Cassie, do you really think so lowly of me? Besides, even if I wasn’t a loyal friend, you’ve got enough blackmail on me to ruin me as well. The whole ‘if I go down, we go down together’ dealio,”
“I...uh...”
“Here’s hoping 2020’s a good one.” Dean tilted his head, glancing down at Cas’ lips before letting out a small sigh. “I don’t know about you, but I’m getting tired,”
“Is that why you’re my bodyguard and Gabe is Sam’s? Faster bodyguard for the crown prince?”
“I remember you telling me about him!” Cas had never seen Dean look so animated before, except maybe when he watched over the hunter as a child. But not in all the years Dean had known him. “You told me he’s an angel, and he’s my best friend,” He frowned at Sam, who once again looked defeated. “But you didn’t tell me he’s
“Fuck,” He muttered, before racing to the backseat. Emma’s face was scrunched up, and her hands were glowing softly. “Hey honey,” Dean gently rubbed a circle into her tight fist. She cracked her eyes open, and he smiled. “Daddy’s here,” He pressed a kiss to her hand. Emma quietened down and her screams transformed into loud chatter. “You’re okay. We’re okay. See?” He turned to watch Cas walking back towards them. “Your other daddy’s here too, he got rid of the scary man,” Emma shouted out something that probably was an attempt at saying Cas’ name.
“If anyone makes you feel even the slightest bit uncomfortable...” Cas spoke lowly, a hint of a growl coming through. Dean widened his eyes, biting his lip to hide the smile on his face.
” Cas breathed, hands trembling. He placed his coffee mug down on the upturned mosaic pot they sometimes used as an end table, before turning back to look Dean straight in the eye. “Say,” He licked his lips. “Say that again,”
“It doesn’t have to be,” He smiled at the other man. “We’re friends, and we can continue being friends, Dean. The school only doesn’t look kindly on romantic relationships, and even then...” Dean cocked an eyebrow. “I’ve heard some things...rumours surrounding a handful of my colleagues,”
tired. Until they had found Cas, Dean didn’t realise he was running on adrenaline until he wrapped his arms around Cas for the first time in
to head back there one day,” He licked his lips. “I’m glad you’re staying safe, Claire. So, the case. Did you want my help?”
“Good, because I’ve wanted that dick inside me for
“Golden light?” Dean croaked out.
of doing his job. Moreover, Castiel is my best friend and is considered a member of this family. If you insult him, you insult me and by turn, the rest of the Royal family. So, my Lord, I beg you, choose your words wisely.” Dean pulled himself out of his chair, turning to his mother to give a small bow. “Mother, may I be excused a moment?" Mary raised one eyebrow before nodding her consent. Dean turned on his heel, sending a glance towards Cas, before marching himself out of the dining room.
The hunter shook his head, and pointedly ignored the voice by glancing at his watch, telling him it had been almost three hours since he’d seen his friends, and they had only two hours left on their Purgatory clock.
, dude,” Dean huffed. Sam rolled his eyes, taking a sip from his bottle. “Which’s your favourite, Cas? Might check it out,”
, Dean thought bitterly. The pain sat heavy in his chest, and he frowned. Heaven wasn’t supposed to make him feel sad, or bitter, or lonely. He was...free, so he might as well try his hardest to enjoy his everlasting freedom.
, I had an idea to really stir the pot, if you’re up for it,” There was a dangerous gleam in the lord’s eyes.
“Dean?” Dean pointedly ignored Sam’s concerned look. “Are you going to...to tell your friend?” Sam was trying so hard here, and so help him, Dean cracked a smile because of it.
**********
“Dean,” Cas let go of Dean’s now-clammy hand to caress his cheek softly. “You know you can do anything you please,”
“Are you alright, Your Highness?” He tilted his head, and Dean smiled.
“Roger, roger,” She clicked to the end of the slide and turned the screen off. “That’s the first batch done. We’ll have a few others, but out of the ones you’re interested in, were there any you wanted to follow up on straight away?” Charlie clicked the lights back on and everybody blinked to adjust to the lighting change. Dean flicked through the folder.
“I’ll call you if anything progresses further than it should, Sam, you have my word.” That appeased the concerned brother. Rowena let out a soft laugh.
“Oh yeah, sure. Since he’s not the
of humanity in his eyes, as he watched the stars sparkle after wasting another one of Abaddon’s goons. But he shrugged it off and stalked back into the bar to drown his emptiness again. Hollow.
“I could have him disappear for a while, if you like, sir,” He kept his tone light and joking, but Dean knew when Cas referred to him as ‘sir’, he was being serious. He chuckled, shaking his head.
I would not change for thine.
“No, it’s not...uh, I mean, I...well, you see, it’s because―”
At least, he was. Until the universe decided to give him yet another reason to feel his heart sink into the bottomless ocean every time he sees the light go out in Castiel’s eyes.
“Think you’ll be alright with Cas, Dean?” Sam seemed reluctant to break the silence, so he kept his voice in a low whisper. Dean didn’t take his eyes off Cas as he nodded into the angel’s hand. “Cas, I’ll call you if we run into any issues. And you―”
“Hell of a time to bail. You got a lot of people counting on you, people with questions,”
“I woke up and you were gone,” Eileen signed back, a pout forming on her face. “It’s freezing,”
his feelings about Castiel, and the angel was focused entirely on Emma. Which, fair enough, she’s a Nephilim now, Dean supposes. Castiel fixes his gaze sharply back on Dean.
. A shitty attempt at a remake although the actors were kinda alright. One of them even kinda looked like Sammy, just without all the stupid, floppy hair,” Dean felt his heartbeat starting to slow.
“You look stunning as ever, Your Highness. Your suitors won’t know what to do with themselves.” Cas’ tone was flat, and he shifted his shoulders back uncomfortably. Odd.
“Fix it?” He reached and took hold of Castiel’s other hand before bringing it to his lips, pressing a warm kiss to Cas’ palm, as if he could try to taste the lingering molecules from Cas’ grace. “Of course you were. You’re always fixin’ me up,” He murmured into Cas’ skin.
son, he was always
“Remember New Years, that
“Alright, so first up, our first potential is a lady, since this list was started before you came out to the public, and I won’t stop telling you how proud I am of you for that,” Charlie paused to beam towards Dean. He fluttered his hands in dismissal, hiding his flustered grin. “Behold,” She clicked to the next slide. “Lady Josie Sands of Kilmourn,” There were loud sounds of shuffling papers as everybody flicked open their books. The photo Charlie provided was of a pretty red-headed lady, and Dean was already wary. He knew something about the Sands, but he just couldn’t recall...
That was how he found himself now staring heartbrokenly at his mug resting next to Dean’s, soon to be left all on its lonesome. He let himself back into the house, hanging Dean’s jacket back up, and half-expecting Dean to be standing at the stairwell with his arms crossed and glaring. But the other man was nowhere to be found. Cas sighed as he started up the French press, putting in enough coffee for the both of them. One last time, he thought helplessly.
Castiel was washing the dishes in the kitchen, listening hard for footsteps. He hoped Dean appreciated his notes. Even though he
,” Air plunged into his lungs, and it was too much, too little, everything was too bright in the dimly lit room. “
“You should try to sleep, Dean,” He murmured. Dean snorted.
“Something on your mind, jerk?” Dean didn’t miss the teasing smirk on Sam’s face as he brought his post-workout protein shake to his lips.
Cold. Everywhere, every part of him felt like ice. He was drowning, sinking deeper and deeper into inky black, with nowhere to run and no way back home.
,” He grinned. “She’s going to be very powerful indeed. The only living angel whose offspring could be more powerful would probably be Michael or Lucifer, although, thank Heavens they’re still locked in The Cage,” Mick chuckled, eyes sparkling as he expected the others to join in on the joke. Dean froze, and he could tell Sam was wincing. Cas, from what Dean could see from his peripheral vision, tensed up. “Why the long faces, gentlemen? Was it something I said?” Mick glanced around.
“But it’s,” He checked his watch. “It’s seven at night,”
?―to be fought, no more monsters to control...that was all Dean
“Debatable,” Benny mumbled. Dean rolled his eyes, still glaring at his bodyguard as he climbed in beside him. Cas offered up a lazy smirk with a hand. Dean shook it defiantly.
leaving you,”
wanted more. Dean felt that icy-hot limb running down his spine again, and he didn’t wait for Castiel to ask.
“Can we put members of your staff on there, Your Highness?” There were small titters of laughter from the crowd.
“I had to tell him after I read his letter to you. Oh,” Cas reached into the pocket of his coat and pulled out a thick-looking letter. “That’s your gift. Guess I ruined the surprise,” He placed it gently on the table, in the space between them. Sam peered cautiously at the envelope, where the handwriting he would know blind stated his name back to him. Not just his name, but the name he only ever let his brother call him: ‘Sammy’. “Would you like me to stay, or do you want to read the letter in private?”
“Worthwhile?” Dean scoffed. “
“You could always come up with a signal for Cas to come in and save the day,” Sam smirked. Dean sent an uncooked kernel flying towards him, and it bounced gently off Sam’s forehead. Sam held his hand to his chest, feigning pain as he shook his head at his bodyguard standing firm near the door. “Gabe, we’ve talked about this. You’re supposed to take a bullet for me, dude,”
“I promise you, I’m fine,” Dean only slurred slightly as he spoke, and Cas raised an eyebrow before downing another shot. The angel didn’t even flinch as he swallowed slowly. A trickle of alcohol escaped his lips, and Dean found he wanted to chase the trail down his chin, to his neck, and run his tongue over the angel’s clavicles, absorbing the taste of his skin as they―
“Nope,” He gave Dean a gummy smile as they started to walk up the stairs. “You’ll have to do better than that. Tell me what you want,” Castiel gestured towards a door baring the plaque ‘Castiel Novak – Communications Director’.
“Well, who’s gonna be my dance partner? Not Charlie, please. She nearly broke my toe the last time I danced with her, and you honestly cannot imagine Balthazar plucking up the courage to dance with me,” Dean smirked. His etiquette teacher was incredibly snarky and wildly funny, but he was also intimidated by the crown. He always insisted Dean dance with someone he felt comfortable with, so Charlie was usually the first to offer her hand.
“Heaven can wait,” Dean caught a small smile on the angel’s face. “You’re more important.” He spoke softly. The hunter scoffed, and Cas rolled his eyes.
“Yes, Castiel,”
“Drink to me only with thine eyes,
Sam woke up to a gentle
“Not at all. Good enough to eat,” Benny’s upper lip quivered in a slight snarl as he smiled, and Dean beamed. Oh yeah, his ego will be well-fed this week.  Charlie made a quiet coughing noise from behind Dean, and Benny turned a more polite smile towards Dean’s entourage. “Ah, Miss Bradbury, Mr Novak, welcome welcome. My apologies,” He held out his hand towards Charlie, who returned his handshake gently with a smile. Instead of offering a hand to Cas, he gave a respectful nod, which Cas returned, tight-lipped. Charlie glanced knowingly between Dean and Benny but said nothing. “So, Your Highness, how about we begin the tour of the docks? We’ll come through the manor to do so,” He offered his hand to Dean and smiled as the prince took his warm hand.
They didn’t share a word the first time it happened around ten. Castiel just raised an eyebrow before flicking to the next page of his book.
“Trying to figure out if you and Gabe would’ve let me throw a punch at Sammy, or if Gabe would’ve tried to deck me right back,”
Dean fiddled nervously with his mask. It was a very pretty one―Charlie picked it out, with swirls of blues, pinks and purples. When Dean gave her a raised eyebrow about the colours, she shrugged.
“Your Highness?” He felt a gentle touch on his back, and Dean's chest swelled up like a balloon. The nervous energy he had all morning had come to a tipping point. “You don’t have to do this, you know, Dean. Just say the word, we’ll cancel the gathering,”
‘Of course,’ He spoke softly, and his eyes glowed. Dean watched the glow surrounding Cas’ feathers reach out and bury themselves into his skin. Cas’ grace fed directly into Dean’s soul, and the euphoric feeling of ecstasy flowed between them. Dean felt his own body become luminescent, dressed in Cas’ dark feathers. His orgasm was nearing, his heart racing at the speed of light to accommodate his poisoned soul interacting with such purity. ‘Dean, Dean,’ Cas breathed.
“Whoa,” Dean breathed, eyes bright and fixated on Cas’ hands. “Angel, warn me next time you do that,”
“Good morning to you too, Grumpy.” The amount of cheer in Sam’s voice made Dean briefly entertain the idea of chucking his mug at him. Dean liked the mug because it was black with the Star Wars font saying: ‘I find your lack of coffee disturbing’. He couldn’t throw it―it was his favourite mug, and Cas bought it for him.
in a while. Benny raised a curious eyebrow, before turning to Cas. “Look at you, angel. Not plannin’ on runnin’ off on our boy this time, are you?” He chuckled at the rigid setting of Castiel’s shoulders.
After a few hours, Dean started to stir. Sam and Cas stood beyond the Devil's Trap nervously, still apprehensive about the whole situation as another dose of human blood ran through Dean's veins.
That was years ago now. Both brothers aren’t as young as before, but Dean had noticed his sleeping patterns haven’t been as demanding anymore. Instead of needing at least four hours to keep the edge off, he only needed a light cat-nap. When Cas was around, he slept a while longer, but in the moments the angel left him alone, Dean only got about thirty minutes of shut-eye before he was wide awake and raring to go again.
“Dean,” Cas pressed his lips insistently into the crease between Dean’s groin and his thigh. Dean threaded his fingers through the angel’s dark locks, shivering at the thrill of being able to do that after years of wishing, hoping, dreaming. Cas looked through his eyelashes up to Dean and wore a coy smile before tentatively running his tongue over Dean’s neglected cock. Dean gave Cas an appreciative moan, but the hunter nearly jack-knifed up as Cas wrapped his lips around him and sucked right down to the root.
‘Joe. My name is Joe.’ He turned his face away to try and break from Dean’s stranglehold. Pleased, Dean dropped his grip and stepped out of the demon’s space.
what Benny had said he wanted to do to Dean.
“Yeah, a lot better. Thank you, Cas,” He didn’t realise he was rubbing his thumb slowly along the top of Cas’ hand, but Cas glanced down with a slight frown on his face. Oh. Right. Dean quickly pulled his hand back and swung his arms up in a big show of a stretch. “So, Monday morning. Isn’t this the beginning of my courtship phase?” He rolled his eyes, and Cas put the distance back up between them. Dean ignored how hollow every step apart made him.
Dean would make his way to Cas’ room, and...then what? The door’s locked. Thwarted by his own forbearance. But, oh, if the door
rang out loudly in his head, and Dean looked up to see the pupils of Cas’ eyes almost swallow his blue eyes completely.
“So, Balthazar...” Dean ran his finger over the rim of his glass, pushing the salt into his drink. Cas cocked an eyebrow.
“What,” He exhaled slowly. “What was it you wanted, specifically?” Castiel kept his eyes on Dean as he walked closer to him.
“Cas,” The words just made Dean’s face redder, and he felt his heart hammer in his chest. Dean was more of a giver when it came to affection, and had never been well-equipped to accept it in the first place. But Cas seemed determined to get him used to it, never yielding in his compliments and caresses. Even now, Cas just stared at him before pressing gentle kisses to Dean’s cheeks. Down his jawline. His neck. His collarbone. Dean bit back a moan as he felt Cas’ tongue chase his skin there. “
“Try...praying...” Jack’s voice came out strained from behind him. “Quickly...”
Benny was trying, all in the name of impressing him, before answering.
was for almost saying it, since I know how much you love the idea of me marking you up,” Cas chuckled. “Makes me believe you might actually
“Why would you think I’m a meth kingpin?”
‘Sweet,’
chest...
“Cas, don’t―”
“Spot on for both of us. Cas, remind me to have a word with Charlie about divulging our dirty movie-watching secrets later,”
‘Yes, sweetheart?’ He spoke as sweetly as he could, picking up the container and unscrewing the lid. He shoved his gloved hand in to grab a large handful of salt, and he held it above Joe’s head, giggling slightly as the salt granules fell onto all the demon’s open wounds. He was sobbing in earnest now.
“Must’ve done a damn good job then. How about banana and
A shuddering, high-pitched whistle rocked through the room, and Cas pulled himself up to bury his face into Dean’s shoulder as he came, filling Dean up completely. Their eyes met, Cas’ white-blue into Dean’s almost black, and a white-hot rush of devotion flowed through Cas’ grace right into Dean’s soul. Everything around Dean was spinning out― the lights in the room had completely blown, the pillows were covered in black feathers, and Dean could feel deep scratches down his back. He didn’t even notice how
“Fuck me,” He breathed, and Cas could feel himself close to snapping his composure completely.
“No, please, let me. You’ve already done so much for me,”
“Said it was some sort of inside joke between the two of you,” Bobby shrugged. “I dunno what the idjit’s talking about at the best of times, but he
‘Jerk.’
“Yeah, it’s...” Dean’s face rested into the crook of Cas’ neck and pressed the shape of his lips into the skin there. “That’s good, sweetheart,” The words came out muffled, but Cas would wear them on his skin for all eternity if he could. Starlight was trying to burst free from his chest. He would always wear anything Dean deigned to give him.
the night sky be full of glistening stars when his only light had gone out? How
The dreams had nothing on the real thing, but that was a whole other issue.
now. The voices denying him were silenced by Cas’ sudden humanity, but he still kept a fragile wall between them. He
“Sam,” Cas waited until Sam raised his eyes back onto him. “I can take you and the car over there, just say the word,”
“And those answers will be in each of them,” Jack paused and glanced between the brothers. “Including yourselves,” He spoke with a quiet conviction. Dean shared a curious look at Sam, who avoided his brother’s gaze. “People don’t need to pray to me, or sacrifice to me. They just need to know that I’m already a part of them and to trust in that.” Jack looked down at his own hands, tensing them into fists before letting them relax. “I won’t be hands-on. Chuck put himself into the story. That was his mistake. But I learned from you and my mother,” He brought his gaze back to Dean, a hard look in his eyes. “Castiel...” Dean’s heart dropped to his stomach at the sound of his best friend’s name. “When people have to be their best, they can be. And that’s what to believe in.” He shrugged.
“Jesus Christ!” Dean yelped loudly as he continued to read the lewd description of what Benny used to imagine doing with him. His bedroom door burst open, and Castiel bounded in, weapon in hand. Dean pulled the covers up to try and afford himself a sense of modesty, well aware of how flushed his face was. Cas frowned, putting the safety back on his gun and tucking it back into his holster.
could elicit from Cas’ lips. Benny smirked.
“Well, yeah, relatively. Was thinking Claire might benefit from bunking with us for a few days before heading back to Jody’s, since she’s a little, uh,” Dean clicked his tongue, and there was a sound of a hand hitting someone in the head. Sam heard Cas’ low disapproving voice before a muffled static echoed through the receiver.
,’ The words came out in a whisper, a shameful secret buried six feet under and clawing their way out of the grave. ‘I want you desperate, I want you needy, I want you begging on hands and knees for me,’ Cas’ breathing became erratic as he started to talk. ‘But I also want you warm, I want you pliant, I want you holding on to me for dear life,’ He licked his lips as he walked backwards, pulling Dean along for the ride. Dean started to get with the program, unbuckling his belt and letting his jeans cascade to the floor. ‘I want to fuck you until you all you remember is my name, and I want you to make love to me until the world burns to the ground,’ Dean kicked off his boots and yanked his underwear off as Cas ripped the hunter’s shirt over his head.
to teach because he loves the students, which wasn’t exactly a lie. It also helped that he had a second job as a freelance editor, he supposes.
“Been there, done that. Seeing you and Cas finally stow your crap?
“You really would’ve,” Cas murmured, the doubt fading into concern. “Sam―”
“What in the―”
“Easy enough to do, brother. I’m the better-looking one,” There was no edge to his voice. He was just
“Has it got something to do with work?” Sam was giving him an out. Dean could hug him. Instead, he managed a meek smile.
ours...those walls were
“I was thinking maybe guns now, and maybe sparring later? We did just eat,” He glanced down at his now-empty plate.
“I thought you’d only respond to me if we were fighting,” Cas shrugged.
“N-no,” Cas shuddered, the heat of his hand making his cock pulse.
“Hello, Dean,” He spoke gently, as though they hadn’t been through countless life-changing occasions, as though they weren’t reuniting once again after a brutal death tore them apart, as though their story hadn’t been the proverbial playground for an egotistical manic to build and destroy sandcastles on a whim, as though this was just another day and they were greeting each other in the kitchen after spending every night together in the same bed for the last twelve years. He spoke as though he had come home to the rest of his life.
“Well, you once told me,” He tilted his head. “When humans want something really,
When Dean pulled up, Cas came outside to stand on the porch, gesturing for Dean to pull the car into the garage. Dean stuck his head out.
She came around eventually, armed with a broken smile and a bottle of tequila, and Sam’s lips cracked as he smiled at the sight of her. The Bunker had seemed so quiet and empty without Dean’s loud whistling and comfortable sprawling out, even with Miracle’s insistent scampering. But as soon as she stepped into the space, it was like Eileen had never left, and she brought sunlight to Sam for the first time in over three weeks.
Together they watched the stars, and Dean realised he could say it. Just breathe the words, to let Cas know. His eyes started to grow heavy, so he did the next best thing. He breathed his love for the angel to the stars. Dean swore he saw some of the blue stars shimmer brighter afterwards, lighting up the sky. Pure.
, and that’s something he’d always told he shouldn’t have. Not for Cas. Not for someone so much better than him. He tilted his head towards the sky. The stars were different in Purgatory, closer somehow. Dean didn’t understand the logistics of having a sky at all in a wretched place like this. But there were stars, and that was enough. It was always enough.
of the letters, meaning he
“Alright, Sam. Drop it,” Dean made a show of dragging the chair on the ground as he got up to rinse out his cup. He let out a heavy sigh at the sink. Poetry. He huffed out a low laugh. Of course, his precious baby brother would suggest
,” Jack stared at Dean with an inquisitive look, before nodding to himself.
They both let out soft gasps at the initial contact. Dean’s eyes sparkled, and Castiel could see the gold glowing through the green. He knew without asking that his own eyes were burning blue with streaks of white bursting through.
“Why did you do it?” Sam threw his arms up in exasperation. “Dean, please, tell me. You never told me why you wanted to run away in the first place!”
“Hey there, Claire, no, uh,” Sam smiled warmly at Emma, who was squirming in her seat at the sound of Claire’s voice. “She’s not too overly powered yet, and besides, I don’t think you’ll have anything to worry about. Emma’s excited to meet you,”
, was going to change the trajectory of their lives, for better or for worse, and it took a
,” A chill ran up his spine, that same icy hot thrill of Cas’ grace stroking up his back and over his shoulders. He felt a small suction latch onto the side of his neck and moaned as he felt the bruise forced up into his skin.
appreciated, and you
“You handled yourself very well. Better than I, if the tables were turned,” Dean turned to see Cas’ hardened features, which made him chuckle.
As giving it a hope, that there
...I...”
In front of Sam was their loved father-figure, Bobby Singer. He stood proudly, shoulders back, his worn-out blue cap lifting to reveal a face much younger than Sam and Dean remember, by a few years at least. All that stress-free living in Heaven had taken away the worst parts of his age, and his eyes were shining again.
,” He roughly pushed Castiel off him until he was on his back, and Dean flung his legs over Cas’ hips. Castiel only had enough time to hold himself at the right angle before the hunter caught Cas’ dick on his rim and
“I think she’s
“You can do anything, Dean,” He shrugged. “This is Heaven. Your parents are somewhere that-a-way,” He gestured up the left. “Rufus and Aretha have a little bungalow up in the mountains behind us,” He tilted his head slightly. “And Ellen, Jo, and Ash have their place just beyond The Roadhouse,” Bobby sighed peacefully.
“Yeah, yeah, Cas is a tiny bit possessive,”
you when you first met, but Dean, never thought you’d have the nerve to mark up an angel,” He smirked. “And I’ll bet my laptop
“Mend a broken family, get the God Squad Elders together again, just to be kicked down into the dirt,” Dean muttered as he heaved himself up from his knees. The foliage around him was dense and tightly packed, and he was vividly reminded for a moment of Purgatory. Panic started to rise in his chest. “No, no, don’t do that, come on, Dean, get it together. You gotta get back to Sammy,” He stretched out his arm before pulling out his trusty handgun. “You and me, baby, until we get outta here,” He doesn’t always need to talk out loud, but when he’s alone, Dean finds it easier than just listening to the silence.
‘Shit, that bitch is
“My God, I’m already regretting this,” Dean mumbled. Cas clicked the remote, and soon enough, the screen was playing the opening scene of
. He thought he was just going to keep coming and
“Cas? Is that you?” Dean’s eyes were shining, and Cas could imagine his soul was reaching through his irises, shimmering sunlight. Dean was Castiel’s sunshine.
“Well, he probably told you, right?” Sam pushed his hair back, frowning as Cas stared silently. “Did he tell you anything?”
“Pink peonies, red roses, red carnations, white chrysanthemums, a lot of purple lilacs, angels’ trumpets, and covering it all is ivy,” Cas frowned. “But no blossom,”
Cas. Funny how it always seemed to come down to Cas, isn’t it?
“How―” Sam’s voice came out like a hiss, so he clamped his mouth shut.
to tell them that. Oh, and all of Heaven and Hell are zeroed in on hunting down Emma because she is a threat. And then, of course, there’s the small, tiny, minuscule matter of the
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel said, wrapping his arms lightly around Dean’s waist. And damn it, Dean loved the way that voice resonated through his entire body.
He left before the boys could respond, because he didn’t think he could handle hearing their voices telling him the truths that he already knew, and he hightailed it to the bar. When the bartender, Rufus, saw him walk through the door, he automatically poured a double, leaving the whiskey bottle on the counter in front of him. John sat and glared at the glass before eventually leaving it behind, untouched.
Charlie laughed. “He
Sam raised his brow at Castiel’s hesitation. “Everything okay, Cas?”
As soon as the words left Dean’s lips, he found himself being lifted by Castiel's strong hands, gripping tight at the back of his thighs.
“Well, that was cute,” said a bearded man in a trucker cap as he wandered into the kitchen. Dean’s eyes went wide, and his face turned a crimson to rival the cherries. The man opened the refrigerator and retrieved three bottles. Handing one each to Castiel and Dean, he gave a small smirk. “Go on, boy, introduce me to your fella here.”
“Yeah, I know,” Dean said, and Castiel noticed a sadness in his eyes. “My dad still doesn’t know. I don’t know when I’ll see him, though. I don’t know how well it’ll go over with him.”
Dean felt Castiel’s eyes watching him and it was surprisingly easy to take his own eyes away from the fireworks to return that stare.
Inside the room, Dean and Cas were shirtless, curled together under a blanket in a...
“Mm-hmm. I see… So, who is she?” She tipped her beer back and the entire table turned to look at Dean.
“Dean,” Castiel admonished through a kiss. “Dean!” He chuckled as he lightly pushed at Dean’s chest. Dean let up long enough to show off a grin before he advanced toward Castiel’s lips again, but he wasn’t quick enough. Castiel had already gotten his bare feet back on the floor and turned to continue combing his hair, ignoring the spectacular display of puppy eyes Dean gave him through the mirror.
“Yeah, you know, your
“We should get back inside,” Dean said. Castiel smiled at the reluctance in his voice.
Dean felt like a jerk for putting that look on his face. “No, Cas, not at all. I was just expecting ‘hot blonde with a nice bod,’ or something. Your stuff’s better though. Keep going. Tell me about the guy.”
“WHERE IS IT!?”
A specific bright green—closer to gold than to blue, but somewhere between emerald and jade.
“Yeah, Dean. This is the right thing.” His voice portrayed a little more confidence than he felt, but he was grateful that Dean seemed to accept his response without question.
“Thanks for the heads up about the spell” Chuck says brushing a nonexistent piece of dust from his shoulder.
When he returned to the park, at the little pond down the trail. Head in his hands, sat Cas wearing his favorite blue sweater that is far too big. Dean recalled it was one of the last gifts he got from his mother.
Dean thought it was strange, but he never asked Cas about it, only mentioning it to his friend Benny. One of the other baristas at the coffee shop.
Before Dean could yell though Cas spoke, his voice cool but deadly, and if looks could kill, John would be six feet under right now, “You will not speak to or about Dean that way” Cas defended his shoulder holding slightly in front of him as if protecting him from John, “You will not speak to Dean as if he is nothing, as if he is worthless. He is worth everything. He is so full of compassion and love, everything he does is for love. You can berate me and hate me all you want. But you will not talk to Dean that way.”
Dean grins looking at both Jody and Donna, “Yeah they are pretty great, taken care of me since um anyways.”
Dean stretches with a yawn only to be met with an empty space where Cas had been. He blushes at his memories of last night, part of him thinks maybe it had been a dream. But the overwhelming smell of Cas on him proved otherwise.
It feels as if the air is being sucked from his air ways.
“Goodbye John” Dean states standing from the table, Cas joining him.
"Um... Yeah," Jo chokes out, Swallowing down a gulp of beer. Giving her mother a scowl, but Ellen just rolls her eyes leaning against the kitchen counter "The girl, Anna I was texting you about Cas, well the same situation with you and Dean."
At least he has it now.
Just like that he is back on the road again, with enough gas he makes it to Lebanon before it runs out. By the time he does the sun has set casting the earth into darkness.
Dean pushed Cas away but Cas only gripped tighter to his wrists “I don’t pity you Dean, I’ve been in love with you. Fuck probably since the seventh grade.”
”The drink on your lips”
Dean snorts at the way Cas puts invisible finger quotes around crap. As if he is reluctant to say a curse word.
That’s how Dean found himself back at the dinner table tapping his fingers against the wooden table again. This time Sam kept sending him reassuring looks. Occasionally nudging him with his foot.
The angel notices the way Dean’s eyes drop to the road below them with an ashamed expression. He looks up at the Nephilim “-Jack”
His stomach groans, the groan he’s been suppressing from his mouth. Nope never mind he can’t.
“Good” Cas yells back to John in final response as they open the door, the four of them stepping outside.
Cas just shakes his head pulling away to stretch "Oh hello Dean, we must have fallen asleep."
“Cas” Dean tips his head to the right, shielding his eyes away.
“Dude” Sam laughed as he entered the room. Dean rolled his eyes at his brother’s running attire, he didn’t know how anyone could get up this early to – run. No Dean will much rather take his heart attack thank you very much, “Love the new décor”
”Goodnight” he mumbles to Sam and Cas, not caring about their worried expressions, “I’m going back home”
Dean bites his tongue trying not to blurt his carefully crafted speech, while the waiter takes their orders. Unnerved by the way he can’t have Cas’s hand in his own to calm himself. He stumbles over his order enough times to get a suspicious quirked eyebrow sent his direction from Bobby. Luckily though no one mentions it.
“Dean, your father and Bobby are home” Mary called up from downstairs.
Castiel spent most of his time with Anna and Gabriel when he was home for the week, he didn’t have any friends at school. Those that did want to be his ‘friend’ only liked that there was no parental supervision at the house. He stopped those ‘friends’ quickly, he’d rather have no friends than fake ones. He had Dean on the weekends, and Dean only cared that he got to spend time with Castiel.
And to the earth it gave great light
“Do ya like it” Dean asks suddenly feeling as though it isn’t enough, though it was quite expensive. From a little shop in Ogden specializing in just leather burning. For jewelry and an assortment of other things.
Cas wobbles a little as he approaches his savior. He relents sitting back down on the shiny playground rocks. Dean kneels down beside him with a worried, his hand finding it’s way to Cas’s jacket clad shoulder, “Are you okay Cas”
The impala’s tires screech to a halt, spinning slightly on the wet slick road. Dean scrambles out of the driver’s seat. Heart pounding rapidly in his chest, fear and hope. All spiking in his mind.
"Oh yes" Mary says a bit of nostalgia in her voice, giving Cas the butter to spread on the rolled dough, "I remember that, Dean gushed on and on about how kind you were for doing that, and how it always made his grandfather Henry smile. Dean even started to make things for the senior center, all those wood burned vases to hold their flowers."
”I” Dean tries. Instead, he pulls Cas into himself, all his love for the angel caressed into Cas’s mouth with the touch of their lips. His lips tracing the words for him.
It wasn't a lie, he was too tired to cook after - everything.
“Dean” Cas’s voice is low barely there even, like fingernails on a chalkboard. It is enough though to still his erratic heart. Dean lets out a relieved sigh.
So much for no ‘chick flick’ moments.
Cas bites his lip, "nevermind"
Dean gleamed back, standing a bit closer to Cas, ”Sorry I'm just a one-man kind of mechanic”
Cas sets his jaw, ready to again ravel the work he’s put into convincing Dean that he is not the same as how he sees himself. But when Dean gives him a silent look, he doesn’t speak.
“I love it Dean” Cas say wrapping his arms around Dean, “I love you” he whispers to in Dean’s ear just loud enough for Dean to hear. Not for the act or for Dean’s family, just for him to hear.
Thump
Dean jotted down the note, anxiously tapping his pen against the paper “and can I get your name for the cup”
It’s the kind of look he’s never seen on anyone before that makes him feel as if he isn’t even worth the air, he breaths. Even if it’s the first time he’s seen the look, Castiel comes to know that look, on the faces of many people.
Dean smirks, “with the hat on”
“Yeah” his voice comes out a little rougher than he intended.
Dean hobbled into the bunker’s kitchen putting his crutches to the side to pour a cup of coffee for himself. Relishing the way, the liquid burned down his throat. He smiled as he wrapped the dead man’s robes around himself, god did he love these things.
Dean’s eyes flicker back and forth across the floor, he grips his shirt pulling it away from his neck. Too tight, “Sammy. He said I love you, and I didn’t say anything back. He was about to die, and I just stood there…  And then I didn’t tell him to stay.”
Dean laughs bumping foreheads with Castiel, "God you'd think you have a whole secret shrine dedicated just to bees. Oh wait, that's just your room..."
It isn't until they hear Mary's dreamy sigh that they snap back to reality.
From it they hear scuffing and scraping along the floors. Dean yanks the handle revealing two young boys inside. Both cowering in fear, and their clothing covered in dirt.
Cas looked up from his notes, his frustrated frown turning into a smile “Dean! Your shift is over?”
Dean is weary of Michael, sure he helped them against Chuck before but that was when Adam was with him. This didn’t mean they could trust him now, not that they had much option.
He revs the engine of the impala with a huff, slamming his hands against the steering wheel. Sammy can’t understand he got Eileen back. He got to tell her I love you too. He got to kiss her. He got to hold her again. He gets to have his happy apple pie life. He doesn’t know. He doesn’t know how Cas saved him. He doesn’t know what it’s like knowing he’ll never see him again, not even in death. Sammy will never understand.
That little bastard Cas thinks. Surely Dean’s just doing this because he knows how much Cas loves his deliciously bowed limbs. That’s just how Dean is flirtatious, with everyone, Cas isn’t special.
“Oh” Cas answered seemingly breathless, “ironic since you don’t”
Cas scrambles to his feet. Heart pounding in his chest. And –
The repetitive sound of Dean’s finger tapping against the wooden table. Although everyone was talking around him it was all he could hear.
A smile grows as he watches them all, then it falls his mouth gaping open. With the bark of a dog. Dean turns watching as the shaggy golden dog rounds the corner of a truck, yipping at him. He drops to his knees opening his arms wide “Miracle”
Dean waves him off “Who cares what we call him, he got us back online.”
Cas evaded Dean's gaze pretending to be interested in the cowboy figures on one of Dean's shelves. As if he hadn't studied them a thousand times while he had spent time with Dean when he was younger, "you don't need to apologize Dean"
"Sure you can help me finish making these cinnamon rolls, if you'd like." Mary offers, gesturing to the rolled out dough.
Lucifer eyes the exchange between the hunter and the angel, but if he were going to say anything about it, he decides not to. Rather he boasts about his success in turning the reaper, “Look she’s got the whole Death starter kit going.”
That’s when the playful malice falls from Chuck’s face, his eyes narrowing. This is the father Castiel knows a cruel capricious God. He rallies back at Dean a cut slicing on his face where he hits “You Winchester never know how to give up.”
“Want to try and start it” Cas held out the keys to Dean, he scratched at the back of his neck “I know it’s not much I mean especially compared to your car but my brother gave it to me. You know broke college student and all”
They back away, the moment is lost.
“Dean” Sam exclaims with a grin, running up and wrapping his arms around his brother. Who he has in the past year sprouted taller than, “Cas!” He exclaims even more excited, as he pulls Cas over into the hug too.
“Um hey angel” Dean says softly over the phone still using the same nickname he gave Cas the first time they met. It had become kind of an inside joke for them at this point.
Dean speeds recklessly to the barn that was said to hold the kids. The brothers pop the trunk open as they have so many times before. Grabbing their weapons, machetes, and Dean grabs the throwing star he’s been waiting to use. Showing it to Sam with a grin, “We could-“
Chuck with his powers sends them careening backwards into the dirt again. Cas gets to his feet having healed his head, though his grace is low. Chuck looks to him winking, and he brings his fingers up ready to bring the Winchester story to a close.
With a silent nod, the two best friends move towards each other. Dean flutters his eyes closed as he feels Cas’s breath against his own. Finally their lips touch just briefly, hardly a kiss, but still it feels as if all the breath has been knocked from his lungs. As if they have been waiting their whole life’s for this one moment.
Just the bleak emptiness. Apart from the tumble weed it’s as if a ghost town like in one of the westerns Dean made him watch.
There is an oh look on Chuck’s face.
Dean tells him about John. The change after fire that killed Mary and almost killed Sammy. The way he withdrew from his duties as a father pushing that onto Dean, then pushed away everyone trying to help the two boys. Till his addiction to alcohol spiraled into violence and anger. A mission for vengeance on something that wasn’t even out there. Revenge from anyone he could find that seemed like they deserved it – Dean included - not that he told Cas that.
Dean coughs loudly, the bittersweetness of it all catching up to him "we better get home"
At that moment they were just a college student and a barista that met by chance in a coffee shop.
And so it continued both day and night
When Cas sobers up his crying he pushes away with an embarrassed look on his face. His head hung an apology on his lips, but before he can even make out a word, Dean pulls him back so he’s still leaning comfortably against his chest, “I was four when my mom died, a fire, it was quick. I had to be so strong for Sammy and for Dad. I tried to be, but we can’t control how – when we fall apart. Sometimes that hole in your heart where that person was supposed to be collapses.”
Your blue eyes are gone, burnt out like last dying star. I would never get to see those blue eyes again.
Michael looks at the blade with shock, and to Jack “Thanks for the blade.”
“The cast, right” Dean stated his brain catching up with him, he wasn’t exactly mad, but did he really have to draw girly shit. Now how is he going to go into the store to get beer.
Lucifer just holds up his hands in defense, and Dean still is trying to piece together all of the information.
“Single”
There is a sympathetic frown etched onto Sam’s face when Dean looks up again. He can’t stop the few tears brimming on his eyes from falling. Sam doesn’t seem surprised, just concerned “Did you want him too?”
Halloween was over for him, if by chance Dean came home he would feign some sort of illness. That was probably wishful thinking Dean wouldn't care enough about him to come home, no one did. He should just accept it and become what everyone else wants him to be because at least then maybe someone will stay.
“You can come with us Castiel. We always need the help.” Amara speaks last minute, flickering her eyes to Dean for a second. Dean scrunches his face in confusion. While Jack agrees.
This time Dean tugs harder at the blankets. Still they don't budge. Gently he rolls over prying Cas's death grip off of the blankets, pushing his arm back over. He rolls back over pulling all three blankets with him. Until he has each of them completely covering him. Instantly he smiles his eyes half lidded with sleep feeling warmer, the heat trapped with their two bodies under the blankets.
So he presses back against Cas, as Cas snuggles his face into Dean's hair, legs tangling with his own. Hot against his icy skin, like his own personal human heater, with Cas as his blanket he's unsure he even needs the blankets. Soft snores begin again from the man holding him like his life depends on it. Lulling Dean back into a dreamless sleep.
The look is his eyes strikes the core of Castiel. Making his skin crawl, it feels as if he’s collapsed in on himself. It’s the sickest feeling he’s ever felt. The disgusted curl of John’s lip as he scoffs at Castiel, “Friends.”
Dean outstretched his hand, looking down at the trench coat clad man he now calls his own, "Come on Cas"
It’s nicer than most of the places Dean and Cas are accustom. The floors are covered in dark glossy wooden boards, the walls a light shade of grey with blue swirling gracefully leading the guests in. Reminding Dean of the pools of blue in Cas’s own eyes. The tables have sturdy black metal legs, with white marble-like countertops. A few booths sit against the wall. On each table sits little holders with condiments, and dessert pamphlets. Everything is dim and calm, despite the bustling of waiters, and customers around the room. The only light coming from the cup shaped lights descending above each table. Dean looks down at his light wash jean jacket, and luckily not grease stained jeans, feeling a tad underdressed. Till Cas gives his back a discrete yet reassuring pat. Easy for him the sweater wearing dork, he fits almost everywhere. Never too overdress or under.
Castiel shifts away from the window facing Dean. He feels his heart quicken at their closeness. He shouldn’t be doing this.
Flashes through Cas's mind as Dean snaps his head towards Cas.  His forest green eyes widening three times their normal size. Eyebrows shooting up towards his tousled hairline, "What" Dean sputters.
Once again, he flings Castiel back, getting him out of the way. Though he lands softer this time he doesn’t get up. Then the real suffering begins as Chucks throws punches and kicks left and right enhanced by his godly powers. Each of the punches sendoff waves of power strengthening Jack. He punches again. Cas can hear the cracking of bone, the blood, wounds collecting at a rapid pace. It takes all of his strength not to get off the ground and fight back. Not to fight for the Winchesters – Dean – that’s not a part of the plan. He watches instead not using his grace to heal himself but rather to save it in case they need it. It feels like it goes on forever. Punching, the cracking of bones, the brothers groaning, each time they get back to their feet. Again, and again. More bones cracking, blood spit from their mouths, and they get back to their feet. Though Chuck beats them down continuously, they still stand again. Fighting back.
“I agree” Cas says, clasping his hands in front of himself over the dining table “I even saw him dancing around the house in his socks while listening to his Walkman. What do you think is wrong with him?”
His brother turns his head giving Dean a disapproving look. Still, he follows his brother into the diner when Dean stomps his away, through the chiming door.
The trees were perfect shades of oranges and reds; a few just nearly dipping into brown as they cascaded from the limbs. Everything swirled around them, a mix of cinnamon, hay, and dry leaves. The bales of hay jiggled beneath them as the tires rolled over rivets in the dirt path.
Jack looks down, his hands clasped behind his back. Clearly pleased with the pride from both Sam and Dean.
The weight of happiness and care broke on him. He smiled so wide you could probably see each and everyone of his pearly white teeth.
“Oh, there is.” Sam says his voice tired but hopeful, “But only death can read it”
“Jack” Castiel says tipping his head to the side. He gives his son a hug, not sure where to go from here.
Cas began sprinkling on the cinnamon and sugar. After a few beats of silence Mary spoke once again, pausing their movements "Castiel, I am glad that you two are together. Dean seems happy with you. I have to apologize for my husband, the way he has acted is unfair, and you do not deserve it. He is trying to work on it but that is still no excuse for his actions."
Dean whines for his brother.
Embarrassed Cas bites his lip, looking away. But Dean isn’t having any of it “We did, Mom's waiting for us"
They turn around to see him, be fitting the third long abandoned Winchester brother. Wearing the same broken, worn expression he always had. The same outfit he once entered hell in too all those years ago “You survived.”
“Merry Christmas” Cas and Dean chime at the same time, beckoning the other couple inside “Come on in”
Castiel collapses, clutching his chest, his grace no longer thrumming beneath his vessels skin. Beneath his skin. He is human.
Before Cas can say anything however, Dean flicks off the lights with an unceremonious “Goodnight Cas”
A blush spreading along his cheeks. The temperature seems about a thousand times hotter than just a second ago.
Icy blue light shoots from the book, three pieces of light and power crashing into the metal bowls. Clanging out, the three pillars of light beamed up into the sky, sparking out over the clouds. Dying out like an assortment of fireworks. The light returns, sucking back into the bowl, bursting them away in all directions, still ringing. The wind whips violently through the trees. The loud ringing of the spell emitting from the bowl dies to a small whisper till it is gone all together.
"I'll be right back" Dean says hanging up the towel once they finish, "Then we can go caroling"
“What is wrong Dean” Cas asks for the second time tonight.
At times the whole family joined around the bird and even with their differences, arguments, and tragedy was there moments of peace.
Cas doesn't know what to say, "I just can't. They don't need me." The Dean doesn't need me, is implied.
Dean stands hidden in the doorway listening to the conferentation. He almost jumps out when John starts talking his blood boiling, but Cas is quick to defend him with his sharp witted tongue.
"Mhm, I'm sure" Mary hums. "He's never been much of an early bird, even when he was a baby."
“Oh before I forget” Dean reaches into his jacket pocket, pulling out the feather Cas had collected earlier, “Here I grabbed it. Sorry it’s a bit damp.”
A burning tear streams from the corner of Dean’s eye as he closes them. His breathing raspy and labored. Like a couch cushion wheezing under the weight of a large man. He feels it death. Digging its claws into his mortal flesh. His head tips forward, unable to hold it up any longer. Falling to his chest, his chin rests against his chest. As he takes his final gasps of air.
“Mom dad” Dean looked at them both individually for a moment “I have to tell you something”
When his head starts to get loopy, he lets the tears run from his eyes. Between sniffles he drinks some more letting it all out.
“I have come to save you” Jack says, a sad waver in his voice. Maybe there is something back there for Cas. His son.
Cas placed the last of his clothing in the drawer beneath Dean’s own. Turning around to walk out with Dean. But Dean stood there, white as a sheet. Staring at the doorway.
Overwhelmed by everything what did this mean. Dean didn’t care about the makeup. He liked it, and he actually thought enough about Cas to get him more. This couldn’t have been cheap either.
Noel, Noel
For a moment it was as if the whole world stood still. All the breath sucked from Dean’s lungs.
The cold midnight air seeping through the frosty window. Unable to touch the bubble of heat surrounding the two - friends.
Not yet, not with Chuck still out there, not with the world so broken.
Betty continues to strain against the chains, unable to speak. Dean’s instinct is to help her, but he doesn’t she’s a reaper, and Lucifer, “Okay so what?”
Instead of hanging out with Gabriel and Anna anymore he spent time with Gabe alone. When Gabe got distracted by friends or girls while they were spending time together, Cas would email Dean or call him. After Dean found out Cas hadn’t watched a single one of the movies he deemed as classics. It had become a tradition of theirs to watch a movie together after school every
There wasn’t anyone around the pond, as the weather had grown cold for Kansas. No one wanted to walk back this far in the cold air. Clouds have settled over the sky, knowing the ever-changing weather it would probably rain later.
"Dean" Sam breaths out, "Jesus you are an idiot"
“Yeah it’s Dean” Cas eyes her warily, but when he see the hint of warmth on her face he relaxes, “We were watching our movie.”
”No don't - I -” he grabs Cas’s hand again with a smile that almost reaches his eyes. Causing Cas’s heart to do a flip l in his chest ”come on”
Dean sighed maybe he wouldn’t understand. Just as he didn’t understand the meaning behind the mixtape. Although he might just have chose not to because he didn’t feel the same.
“Cas oh shit” this time Dean didn’t hesitate, he took the palette placing it off to the side. Then he sat beside Cas wrapping his arms tightly around Cas’s entire body. Holding him to his chest.
It had been the most he had seen his mother smile, genuine smile since she had been tied to her bed and those machines. Her dulling blue eyes seemed to brighten just slightly each time the bird chirped.
Pushing himself into a sitting position, he put on a brave face.
"You can still fix thi-"
“No” Dean says a little too quickly, he clears his throat, “Um no you guys stay. Call an uber or somethin’”
Though it still hurts from what his father did. Leaving after Cas moved to college with nothing left behind but a note saying ‘goodbye sons’ given to him by the new owners of the house. Cas has learned to accept it. For the first few years, he searched and grieved, and screamed but that was then. Now he has his future and Dean. He has what Dean taught him that family doesn’t end in blood.
Nearly perfect at least if it weren’t for Cas’s harbored secret that he
Castiel beams at the nickname Dean gives him. None of the other kids have ever given him a nickname that wasn’t for their own humor and cruelty. He likes the nickname, Cas.  What he likes even  more is the way it makes Dean duck his head, with a blush.
------
"What if I pretended to be your boyfriend?" Cas blurts out before he can stop himself, and realize what a monumentally bad idea it is.
“Fine” Dean grumbles, moving back towards Cas. Till their standing toe-to-toe. Cas hasn’t even realized that everyone has stopped watching them and went back as they were.
Dread mounted inside of him as Dean looked around, he watched his face fall into a sort of frown. Cas looked away.
Noel, Noel
But Dean has this right now and he is going to soak in it.
“Dean” Sam speaks groggily into the room his voice colored in confusion, as he takes in the war zone like sight, “It’s three am”
Dean groans half awake. Sleep clouding his mind. Blinking his eyes open, the barely alight clock on the side table in front of Dean, glows reading 1:50 am.
“I believe it was a Corolla, actually,” Gabriel chimed in. Dean wasn’t sure if he wanted to laugh or punch him in the face.
“C’mon,” she said. “Let’s see if we can salvage this dinner. You go tend to your—did I hear Dean call you his boyfriend?”
“Go,” Chuck said with a smile. “And Dean?”
“How is he?” Sam asked.
Dean’s eyes widened, but Sam knew his options were limited. He could argue that he and Cas should pretend to be the couple and share the honeymoon suite or he could argue that he and Sam should share, but why would he complain? No, he was stuck. Sam smiled to himself victoriously, pulling out his phone to make the reservations. They were still a few hours away, but since it was the off-season, the rooms would be available tonight.
They lay panting for a few moments before Castiel rolled off of him, leaving them both sticky and exposed. Dean eventually stood, pulling Castiel up by his hands. “C’mon. Shower.”
“What, you think if you bring a date you get out of chores?” Ellen flashed Castiel a playful smile, though she furrowed her brow at Dean. “You haven’t even introduced us yet.”
Dean picked up his head to look him in the face. “We?”
With a bark of laughter, Dean leaned over the bed to kiss Castiel a little less gently than he would have a few minutes before.
gonna ask you on that date. Soon. I promise.”
The way she looked at him threw him off his guard. Dean was suddenly very aware that she was still holding his hand.
Dean glanced at Sam in confusion before looking back at their father. “Why?”
“Don’t worry, Winchester. I got your back.”
“What?! No way!” She took a moment to process before speaking with amusement. “I never put it together then, but… holy cow, he did have it bad, didn’t he?”
“D-Dean.” Castiel’s voice was little more than a hoarse whisper, but it was music to Dean’s ears, and he smiled fondly through his fear.
Sam smirked.
This chapter was written for the Stay At Home Challenge prompt "Motel."
Dean turned to face Castiel once more. “Would you say no to going on a date—a real one, this time—with me this Friday?”
Dean narrowed his eyes in suspicion. “Castiel Novak, are you trying to seduce me?”
“That’s the one,” Dean called from under the hood.
“Yeah, okay.”
“We’ll get some new things,” Jess added, holding up a particularly ugly coffee mug. “Better things.”
Dean wiped his face with his hand, shaking off some of the sleep before making a second attempt to look at the paper in his hand. It was a black and white photocopy with large letters across the top.
Dean felt his ears turning red.
She narrowed her eyes dangerously, but Dean saw the faintest bit of humor in them as they arrived in front of her house. “Thanks for the ride, Winchester.”
“I love you.”
He hung up his phone but didn’t—couldn’t—move right away.
. And we haven’t even been on a date, yet. I just need a little time to get my shit together, y’know?”
She tilted her head, pointing her chin toward Castiel, the only other person at the table that she didn't know. “What’s his story?”
“What’re you doing today, Cas?”
“Cas! Cas, damn it—what the hell are you doing out here?”
“I’m okay, Cas,” Dean said calmly, turning those thoughtful green eyes to look at the man beside him. “This—I mean, this sucks. He’s my dad, but—”
“Oh my God,” Castiel said, putting a hand over his eyes.
“Good taste runs in the family, I see.”
“Yeah, yeah,” he laughed back. “I think I’m gonna start looking for an apartment, though.”
“Of course. Is everything okay?”
The words must have slipped out without passing through Dean’s usual mental filters first, because a moment later his cheeks brightened pink and his eyes dropped to the ground. Castiel couldn’t have fought the smile that Dean’s words had put on his face if he’d wanted to, though he definitely
It took a moment, but Dean could see when comprehension dawned.
Fuming, he made the quick drive home. As he stepped out of the Impala, his father’s pickup truck skidded to a stop just behind the Impala. Still reeling from his confrontation with Lisa, he wasn’t prepared to deal with John. He turned to walk toward the stairs, hoping that maybe if he ignored him he’d just disappear.
Okay, so
Dean threw his head back in laughter, his spirits instantly lifted.
But maybe… Maybe he was meant to be broken. Maybe
They sat in the diner an hour later, beaming at one another. There was an ease that Castiel associated with Dean. When he was near, he felt calm. He felt… home? Was
Castiel laughed, moving close to whisper into Dean’s ear, his lips nearly touching the lobe. “You’re not so bad yourself, cowboy.” He could feel the shiver that ran down Dean’s body, and he smirked with pride.
Dean’s heart sank.
“Not really,” he said, fidgeting awkwardly. “I mean—I think it’ll be
“We could ask for a room next to the suite,” Castiel offered.
Instead of pulling Baby into the garage tonight, he turned off the engine just in front of the steel door, not bothering to get out of the car. Tonight seemed so surreal.
The moment the door swung open, Dean forgot how to breathe.
He stood in front of Castiel with his arms crossed. “You didn’t let me finish.”
He wasn’t sure how long he laid on the couch pressing stars into his eyelids before a sound outside caught his attention.
This was going to be harder than Sam had expected it to be, and he hadn’t expected it to be a walk in the park in the first place.
Dean closed his eyes in exasperated disapproval. He began clearing their table. “C’mon. We’re going to buy some real food and I’m making you lunch. And you’re going to help.”
The thing about saggy old couches is that when two large men sit on them, those men gradually get closer and closer. At least, this was the excuse Dean had for the gradual shift. After the first episode, during which Dean explained each character and their complicated backstory to Cas, their elbows had bumped a few times until eventually they just settled lightly against one another. After the second episode, Dean noticed the warmth of Cas’s shoulder pressed against his own. And after the third, their knees rested together comfortably as they leaned into one another at the center of the couch.
“’Night, Cas.”
Castiel dragged himself out of the bed as Dean grabbed a couple pairs of boxers and sweatpants from his dresser. Thankfully Dean had a private bathroom, because now that they were coming down from their lustful high, they remembered the three people beyond the bedroom door.
“Mind stopping at my dad’s place for a bit? I know we were supposed to get dinner tonight, but he called about an hour ago. I think he could use some company.”
“Where is everyone?” Castiel asked, craning his neck to check the dining room.
“Dean,” Castiel breathed, watching the man working his sinful lips over his cock. “Dean—
She shook her head, now wide-eyed. “No, this—I’ve never seen them stand up to him like that. And Sam—I mean, I’d expect Dean to take a swing, but Sam? I can barely believe it. I’m hella proud of that kid right now, to be honest. Both of them.”
On the fourteenth morning, Dean didn’t bother changing out of his pajamas, instead crawling right out of his own bed and crossing the hallway to curl up on the chair until Castiel awakened.
“Impala must have been pretty dirty, huh? Took you a while today.”
adorable, though.”
He breathed in the scent of Castiel’s hair—lavender and honey—and smiled as he rested his head on the pillow they always seemed to end up sharing. Castiel stirred at Dean’s movement, and, as expected, he gripped the arms that Dean had wrapped around him and pulled them even tighter.
bed. Then you’ll never have to miss it again.”
, the angel that pulled him from Hell, the angel that watched over him as he slept, the angel that liked peanut butter and honeybees.
echoed through Dean’s nightmares and he’d been doing his best to fill the growing hole in his chest with booze over the last few weeks.
Castiel just closed his eyes in exasperation before turning to Sam. “I apologize now for whatever he has done or will do tonight.”
John rubbed his hand over the back of his neck, the same way Dean did when he got nervous or upset, and it hit Castiel—this is Dean’s
He took a deep breath before answering, preparing himself to relay the story. “Hello?”
Cas’s smile was small and timid—
After a few more minutes of being lost in his thoughts, Dean pushed away his almost empty beer bottle.
Dean felt lightheaded and his heart had probably stopped beating for an unhealthy amount of time now. He was still frozen to the spot, letting Castiel’s confession wash over him. He expected himself to go into a panic or to at least freak out in some kind of way, but he didn’t. Instead, he felt unusually calm. Relieved, even.
She slid off of the bed and onto the floor, tossing a book into one of the open boxes. He didn’t know how he’d expected her to react, but this wasn’t it. It almost felt like she knew something he didn’t.
When he walked in the door, Donna was kind enough to start making his coffee before greeting him cheerfully. “Mornin’, Mr. Novak! Mornin’, Dean!”
“He’s gonna panic and run,” she sighed. “You should’ve seen him freak out about how hard it was gonna be telling
“Sam, please don’t apologize,” Castiel said kindly. “We’ll get through it. All of us,” he looked toward Charlie and Jo in inclusion, “we’ll be there to support Dean in any way he needs.”
Dean shook his head with vigor, almost a reflexive response that was purely for himself. His voice was a little harsher than he intended, but he went with it anyway. “No way, Cas. You can’t take that bike out on these roads.”
“Indeed, we have,” Gabriel said, winking flirtatiously at Sam. “Cassie, can I have this one? He’s a whole lotta… mmph.” That statement was rewarded with a smack to the back of the head from Meg, a deep blush from Sam, and uncontrollable giggles from Jess.
As tempting as that sounded, Castiel behaved himself long enough for the pair to make it to the parking lot. Once they were both seated in the Impala, Dean started the engine and they headed off to his favorite hole-in-the-wall diner. He’d promised Castiel that if he’d liked Dean’s cooking, he’d love this place.
The rest of the family followed suit, leaving Dean and Castiel with fond smiles and extra tight hugs. Dean knew that they were only leaving to give them some privacy, but his heart overflowed with gratitude for each and every one of them.
“I think that would be lovely,” Cas said as Dean accepted their key. Marla beamed as they bid her goodnight and left the lobby.
stuck in his throat, but he wasn’t quite willing to force them out, so instead he let the silence return between them.
You just
He stared blankly at the message.
“I—I’ll talk to him,” he said. His voice was scratchy after his silence and he wondered what time it was. He finally pulled his phone from his pocket, noticing a long list of missed calls and messages, mostly from Sam.
you to…” He trailed off as Castiel turned bright eyes on him.
“Hey, Sammy,” he greeted as he tilted his head up at the truck, “what’s up with that?”
With a sigh, he acquiesced and sat on the bed. He tucked only his feet under the edge of the blanket and leaned back against the headboard. The warmth of Cas near his side and the soothing sound of his breathing relaxed Dean into forgetting that he had ever questioned crawling into the bed.
“Then, as long as I live, I’ll never stop kissing you.”
At this, Sam smiled. “You’ll see.” He exited his side of the car and walked toward the garage, Dean a few steps behind him. He opened the door and waited until they were both inside before he hit the light switch.
Dean gave him a sweet chuckle. “My bed
There was a squeak of the recliner and a few heavy footsteps followed by the sound of the screen door slamming shut. When Dean finally looked up, John was gone. Sam’s face was tear-streaked but stony. They sat without speaking for a while before there were footsteps on the stairs.
Sam grinned right back at him. “Something like that.”
“Yeah, I know,” Dean said, but he didn’t seem too concerned. “I was, uh—distracted.”
“Jerk.”
“You think you’re falling too fast, don’t you?”
Dean hung his head to hide his expression, but Castiel suspected he’d smiled. He could feel the tension unwinding.
John looked over to the shiny new Charger in the driveway. “What’s this?”
“I mean, telling him was gonna be—it’s a suicide mission. It was never gonna go well. Maybe like this… maybe I can avoid the worst of it.”
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel’s dark hair was an artful mess and his usual scruff was shaved smooth. He was pulling that slim fitting leather jacket that Dean liked over a sleek subtly-patterned black button-down with the most perfectly-fitting pair of jeans Dean had ever seen. He couldn’t help the way his eyes scanned his date from head to toe.
Meg groaned, cutting Castiel off. “Ugh, I don’t know how he does it. Kids running around and having to entertain them like some kind of clown all day? No thank you. I’ll stick with the geezers upstairs.”
Dean's eyes finally found Sam and he nodded subtly. His voice was low when he finally responded, but it was enough. “Yeah… yeah, maybe you’re right.”
“You know, I think I’m gonna stick around and help Eileen out on this one,” he said suppressing a smile. “You guys can go on ahead. We’ll meet you back at the bunker in a few days.”
Castiel raised his brows in disbelief, “Are you sure about that? I really don’t want to burn your kitchen down.”
He explained as he navigated the narrow back streets toward Dean’s place. If he couldn’t get him on the phone, maybe he could catch him at home. Sam agreed to try and call Dean himself, agreeing that it was likely that Dean might ignore John’s calls. But when Sam called back a few minutes later and reported that he couldn’t get Dean on the phone either, John’s heart dropped.
After Dean's meltdown that morning, Sam had decided to go for a run. He figured whatever was about to go down, he didn't want any part of it. But it had been a few hours since he'd been back now, and all was quiet and peaceful in the bunker.
Castiel just smiled as he laid his head on Dean’s chest.
,” Dean said, pointing at the screen. “Gotta love my girl Sandra.”
, if Dean didn’t have a crush on this guy already.
Castiel nodded to Sam. “She seems like a good person, Sam. Have a good time. We’ll see you tomorrow.”
Charlie’s rant was enough to solidify Castiel’s opinion of John Winchester. He’d abandoned and manipulated his sons when they needed him the most, and that was all he needed to know. “Have they had fallouts like this before?”
“I think I’m going to buy a new car,” Sam said, mind still on the old pick-up in the driveway.
and he needs to catch up.”
Bobby opened the refrigerator as Dean entered the kitchen. Noticing his arrival, Bobby pulled two bottles from the shelf, opening both and passing one over. Taking a deep swig of his own, Bobby leaned back against the kitchen counter. “Your brother was right, you know.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I guess running into me today will be a surprise, too,” Castiel added.
Castiel had evidently felt the mounting pressure as well, stepping back and leaving Dean breathless as he stared with lust-blown pupils. “—Or we could just stay here.”
Dean downed the rest of the half-full beer in his hand. “Well, uh—I... I invited him to hang out. We made some burgers.”
He closed his eyes tightly and waited as the sigils surrounding him glowed softly. It was time.
, those hands. There were so many sensations, his body tingled from his head to his toes. Gripping the headboard with one hand, he let the other drop down to stroke himself, keeping with Castiel’s tempered pace.
“Yeah, y’know, you’re right, Dean. Cas, you and I will take the suite. It’d probably be more believable anyway. Dean can get his own room. I’m sure he’ll find someone to share it with though. I know it’s, uh, been a while since you got the enjoy some privacy.” He quickly raised his brows indicatively at a pretty waitress as she stopped to refill their coffee.
Once Sam was inside the house, Dean drove to the edge of the neighborhood, pulling into the semi-secluded driveway of his own home. The property was set back from the road, partially surrounded by tall trees. The building was old, once a small industrial garage with beautiful red bricks and paneled windows, centered on a wide piece of property with trees all around. Dean had gotten a great deal on the place due to its condition, but after much hard work, the upper level had been renovated into loft apartment and the garage below had become a home for Baby and a space for the side-jobs that had replaced most Dean’s social life for the last year.
a someday in their future.
Dean clapped his own hand over his mouth, muffling his moans as Castiel continued to thrust his fingers against his prostate. It was an intense sensation, sending pulses of electricity up his spine. The stars cleared from his vision as the thrusts slowed, but Castiel’s warm, wet mouth had returned to Dean’s cock and he felt like he might lose control. He reflexively threaded his fingers tightly into Castiel’s hair as he bobbed up and down.
“You’re gonna freeze your ass off on that thing,” Dean protested as they headed down the steel stairs, “and I’m growing pretty attached to your ass, Cas.”
“Dean,” Castiel said, his voice low and comforting, “you’re strong. You’re brave. You have the support of your friends and family. And no matter what happens, you have me.”
“So, which one of you do I get to fuss at for being late tonight?” Ellen asked, pointing her fork at Sam and Dean.
Inside, he waved a greeting to Jo Harvelle, the pretty blonde behind the bar. She held up a shot glass in greeting as she poured drinks for a pair of men at the bar. Dean slid onto the bench opposite Sam, still pouting a bit with his head leaned against the wall, and even greeted the petite brunette that had appeared beside his brother with a polite smile as he settled into his seat.
He felt a fullness in his chest, but also.. an ache. A rush of
, he was even more beautiful. “Hey, Cas.” He paused, closing his eyes for a moment to pull himself together. “You—you look—you—wow.” They stood, smiling awkwardly for a moment in the doorway.
“Cas…,” he said with an eerie calm, “I need to know where it is. It’s important to me.”
“Tell me about it,” she said. “What happened? Was it because of Dean?”
happened?”
“Hello, Dean. It’s—it’s good to see you.”
“I know, Cassie,” he offered with a sincere smile. “I can tell.” He patted his younger brother’s knee as he stood to leave. “For what it’s worth, I like him.”
“I, um—I think so, but he’s still in shock. He hasn’t said anything yet. How’s Sam?”
Dean waved him off. “Have you looked outside yet today?” When Castiel shook his head, he pointed toward the window. There was a thin dusting of snow blanketing the rooftops across the street. “I’m not gonna let you walk in the snow when it gives me a perfectly good excuse to see you first thing in the morning.” He shrugged nonchalantly with one shoulder. “Plus, I just like seeing you all grumpy when you wake up. It’s kinda cute.”
“You’re not broken,” Dean whispered into Castiel’s ear. “I’d gladly give up forever for you too.”
Dean told Castiel all the details of his Sunday. He told him about the reactions of the people he loved and their acceptance, and Castiel’s chest swelled in happiness.
He looked into those bright blue eyes, searching for Castiel’s thoughts. After a minute, he softened and nodded. Admittedly, he was curious to know the reason behind the unexpected invitation, but he wanted to make one point clear. “Are you sure? Because I won’t go if you don’t want me to. Just say the word.”
He gave her a lopsided smile and a nod, and she squeezed his hand in response. They sat quietly for a moment until Anna’s face suddenly tensed, remembering something.
. Said I’d gotten it out of my system, so she and I could sail off into the sunset and live happily ever after.”
“No, I should really get my bike back home. I’ll need it in the morning to go to work,” he said as they finally stepped apart. Castiel retrieved his helmet from the coffee table.
.” There was the sound of a quick intake of breath, and Dean suddenly stood very still. Castiel stepped back with a sly smile, pleased to see Dean fallen speechless. With a quick, innocent peck on the tip of Dean’s nose, he made his way back to the bedroom to finish getting ready.
“It almost sounds like you’re talking about someone specific,” Castiel said carefully.
“Yeah, have fun with your nurse.” Gabriel grinned again and slipped back into his apartment as Dean finally knocked on Castiel’s door.
“Guests, huh?” Dean stuck the toothbrush in his mouth, brushing as he speculated.
Eager to catch up with Jess and to see his brother finally taking a chance at happiness, Dean replied.
Dean’s face went pale, but he continued to glare at John.
Dean nodded minutely with a half-hearted smile, but the look behind those blue eyes gave him strength.
he thought
But it didn’t mean that he was ready to say goodnight.
, though
As they both climbed closer to the edge, they moved faster, pushed harder. Their bodies crashed together in perfect rhythm. Castiel held on to Dean with one hand on his shoulder and the other gripping his hip with bruising fingertips.
happiness.”
Dean was instantly flushed.
. Please.”
He let out a sigh and ran his fingers through his hair. This was definitely not the life he wanted for himself and he was not proud of his choices lately.
“Nah, I had burgers with Cas earlier,” he said reflexively. “Maybe Chinese or pizza?”
“Cas, look at me.” He waited until their eyes met. “I promise.”
“Hey, Dean,
it is, then.”
“I, uh, think we might need to talk… privately,” he could feel his face flush, and he glanced around the table quickly. Sam looked on with empathy while Ruby rolled her eyes, probably assuming that he would be propositioning her sister momentarily. Dean's face was difficult to discern, but there was a fleeting glimpse of a smile hidden under that forced neutral gaze.
—freed from his own fears, freed from hiding such an important part of himself, freed from the secrets.
Sam chuckled. “You have no idea… They’re—I dunno—adorable?”
“I miss your bed already.”
They were both shivering when Dean finally gave Cas a little smirk. “Shower?”
“Yeah, Sammy, thanks. For, uh, caring enough to—to get in touch with Ruby.” He knew his brother would understand what he was really trying to say:
“Oh, please, call me Chuck. But, uh, thanks for taking care of my baby boy.”
She peered up at him with glassy eyes for a moment before she pulled Sam’s head down by the collar to kiss him sweetly on the cheek. She shook her head. “Sam, it’s not because of me. So, thank you for the credit, but I don’t deserve it. This is all you, and I think that’s pretty awesome.”
He stepped forward toward the nest—because it was clearly a nest, Dean realized. Castiel’s head was ducked in shame near the door as Dean leaned down and picked up a small, faded stuffed giraffe. He didn’t touch anything else, just tucked the toy to his chest.
thing—and you’ve gotten it all settled and out of your system, we can make a real go of it this time. All that time together, Dean, it wasn’t wasted. We can have a
Jess, followed closely by Castiel, descended the staircase leading into the living room, probably having heard the sound of the screen door slamming or the sound of John’s truck leaving. Jess moved in front of Sam who wrapped his arms around her without standing. He rested his head against her and closed his eyes while she gently ran her fingers through his hair.
Sam circled the block, heading back toward their childhood home. “It’s a meeting,” he said tentatively, glancing over in an attempt to read Dean’s face. “He’s sober.”
Meg rolled her eyes, ignoring him altogether and addressing Castiel instead. “Clarence. What are you two doing here? Shouldn’t you be sipping margaritas and singing showtune karaoke somewhere?”
When daylight finally reached far enough through the window behind the nurse’s station to creep into the entrance of the room, Castiel lay awake, running his fingers calmly through Dean’s hair. He didn’t even look up when he heard someone enter, assuming it was just another routine check.
She followed him into the kitchen. “Was Dean Winchester just smiling like a schoolboy at a text message on my front step?”
If Charlie hadn’t known better, she’d think the two men seated across from her might have been on
“I just wanted to thank each and every one of you for not only being here tonight, but being here for me—for us,” he glanced at Dean with a smile, “over the past few weeks. You’ve all done so much that I can’t even begin to express the gratitude I feel. I know I’m still getting to know some of you, but… I just feel like family.”
“Castiel Novak,” he confirmed. “It’s nice to meet you both.” His voice was deep and his eyes were such an electric blue that Dean could barely tear his own eyes away from them.
Sam picked his jaw up from the floor then carefully closed the door before retreating to the normalcy of his own room.
Dean’s hand was holding Castiel’s more and more tightly, and he thought that Dean’s grip was probably the only thing keeping him there. He wanted nothing more than to disappear into the throng of people, but he stood with false confidence at Dean’s side.
If it were anyone else, Dean would demand answers first. But this was Sam.
Time seemed to slow down. Castiel took in every inch as it revealed itself. From the clean new tires to the shiny chrome handlebars, the smooth leather of the elongated seat and then—
Castiel was oblivious to the fact that all eyes were on him, because now he was stepping closer to the center of the room, studying the way the cloth draped over the shape beneath it. Finally, he looked around the room, only just remembering that the others were even there. His eyes darted to Dean, smiling near the door and watching him fondly, before they stopped on John.
On the eleventh morning, a chair had appeared in the corner of the room.
Dean nodded, his smile growing. “Yeah. Yeah, it is.”
Beautiful.
, and he melted into the embrace. It was overwhelming, and his eyes burned with emotion. Was he crying? He’d never cried before.
And then Sam and Eileen reunited. After everything they’d been through—Life and death, Heaven and Hell—Dean’s tiny seed of hope bloomed.
saving grace.” Dean reached up to give his dad’s shoulder a squeeze. “She’s not flawless,” John continued. “Sometimes new parts and old parts just don’t fit perfectly together, but I think she came out all right in the end. Maybe even better than before.”
Sam paused with his spoonful of cereal halfway to his mouth at the sound of Dean’s bellow echoing through the bunker. Sure enough, a moment later he was storming into the kitchen, still wearing the sweatpants and t-shirt he’d slept in.
Castiel turned toward the bar, waving at Jo to get her attention and pointing at Meg’s eggnog and then himself. She seemed to understand, giving him a thumbs up.
He pulled his broken phone from his pocket and had to stop himself from praying for a savior. At least, the angels wouldn’t find him, though he wasn’t sure the humans even knew to look for him.
But now, standing in his bedroom, he felt a strange nervousness start to hike up his blood pressure. Charlie was right, this is his first time being seen by the public after he announced to the world who he truly is. His imagination ran wild, with imagery of people throwing stones and rotting vegetables all over the castle walls. He shook his head slightly as he stared in the mirror. Don’t be ridiculous, he thought. Besides, security wouldn’t let people in if they had such obvious plans to sabotage him. Everyone had so gracefully welcomed Dean’s honesty with open arms, even members of parliament were sending him congratulatory letters and gifts. He’ll be okay, and even if he isn’t, Castiel would keep him safe.
you, Dean?” He growled out. “How long have you been wanting me to stake my claim on you, take control of you, make you mine?” Cas licked a stripe of sweat from Dean’s neck before biting into a bare patch of skin.
“I’m…I…” Air was becoming thin, even though they haven’t moved an inch. Eileen dropped down to her knees, then, and held Sam softly. She stroked his hair and rubbed his back in a soothing motion.
Dean ignored the childish yelling in the back of his mind. Not everything is going to fall into place straight away. It was like Mary said, Dean thought ruefully as they drove away from the Lafitte estate. Marriage takes work. He just doesn’t want to believe the work involves falling in love.
“Sorry, everybody. I’m being called away. But I’ll be keeping an eye out for all your potential, and no-so-potential, suggestions. Have a beautiful day!” He gave the crowd a wink and a regal wave before turning to escape back into the castle. The roars from the crowd gave him a massive rush of adrenaline as the realisation settled in. He was completely and utterly out. Nobody to surprise anymore. He no longer had to keep his conversations strictly cordial when around attractive men. The release was dampened only slightly when he turned to smile at Cas, a reminder of the one person he
“I know I said I wouldn’t intrude with human affairs, but you see, there’s a loophole in my words,” Jack smiled serenely as he stepped down the stairs. “Technically, not all of you are human, plus I consider you all my family, and well,” Jack shrugged as he stood in front of the shocked angel. “I
“He’s not, Your Highness,” Charlie smiled at Sam. Dean flipped to the next page. “He’s pansexual, and he put in a request personally,”
Not of itself, but thee.”
God,”
“Back at you, Dean. And for what it’s worth, I’m really glad you’re not dead again.”
“I…I had no choice, Dean. They were going to take Jack away from me,”
‘All done. Didn’t even hurt him,’ He paused to consider. ‘Well, not as much as I wanted to, anyway,’ Dean sighed as Crowley waltzed in, hands held up in question. ‘Yes, Crowley?’
‘See, you
“Hey honey,” Dean cooed quietly, his smile stretching wide across his face. “You’re so beautiful, Emma,” He whispered, and Emma beamed at him as if she could understand him. “Nothing’s gonna hurt you, baby. I won’t let them, you know that, don’t you? I’m never gonna let anything or anyone hurt you or take you away from me again,” His voice was getting twisted by a heavy emotion sitting in his chest, and Emma tilted her head as she smiled. “God, you’re so gorgeous, honey. You’re really ours, huh?” He reached out his hand and she wrapped her tiny hand around his pointer finger. “She’s got your smile, Cas,”
“My Lady?” Dean queried, gently touching the back of her hand as they enjoyed a brief interlude from the opera show they had attended on Friday night. Cassie’s inquisitive brown eyes lit up, and Dean noticed her cheeks flushed slightly. She had been staring, yet again, at the back of Charlie’s head.
. He figured this out because without the hold, Dean’s knees would’ve buckled complexly.
be healed at all. All that human blood,’ He shook his head. ‘Although I have to say, that little stunt with your grace was,’ He exhaled, pretending to shiver. ‘Fucking
have to decide what we’re doing each week? Can’t they pick? After all, they’re meant to be wooing me, aren’t they?”
“I’ll be honest, it’s already been draining. Already, suitors have been sending me flowers and presents. Although,” Dean smirked. “I have to admit, I
, Sammy, is what’s going to be easier to explain when we get to the Bunker,”
“Dean?” Oh God,
“Dean. Are you...is this the first time you’ve told anyone?” Dean tried to answer him with words, but all that came out of his mouth was a small sigh, and he nodded. Cas gently ran his thumb along his cheekbone. “Thank you for trusting me. You’re safe here, you know that, right?” Dean nodded again, and tears started to fall from the man’s eyes. Cas caught some of them on his thumb, but he felt Dean begin to squirm to avoid the emotion. Cas wasn’t having it though, and he pulled the other man into his arms. Dean gasped as his face rested against his shoulder.
“How about you make me a drink?” He breathed out slowly, strength coming back to his voice. “Just stay until tomorrow, and then we’ll figure it out from there, but I―” A tremble overcame him again as the angel pierced him with his gaze. God, he never wanted anybody else to touch him, ever again. He hoped none of his angel friends ever knew the touch of Castiel, and that they never get the chance to. This is his opportunity to take, for the first time in his life, and
“You just wanna see me all naked and soapy, don’t cha, babe?” He smirked. Cas smiled innocently, and Dean snorted. “Yeah, ‘swhat I thought,” They separated, using their discarded shirts to wipe up a majority of the mess. “Hey,” Dean reached for Cas, who took his hand without hesitation. “I love you,”
“I assure you, my Lord, you will.” And he meant it. He recalled Charlie mentioning their plan for the next seventy-three days, to give all top ten potential lords and ladies from tonight each a week to ‘woo’ Dean, even though Dean detested the idea, to begin with. A person cannot fall in love in a week, he had argued. But after his dance with Benny, he could see the potential of falling when the landing is someone as...comforting as Benny.
********
First move? “What?” He repeated, staring openly at his best friend. Dean sighed.
“How―”
“Wait, wait, wait, hold on,” Dean scrubbed his hand over his face. “I’ve heard of that, uh,
of you,” The words pulled more wanton pleas of ‘
“I,” A shuddering breath caressed Dean’s neck. “I thought you were dead. We― Sam and I, we both thought―”
“Really?” Dean huffed out a laugh. “Alright then. He’s a contender, for sure.” They continued through the list without much more comment, filtering through the guys and girls, until one name came up. “Who’s this guy?”
you guys looking for?”
“Noted,” His gravelly voice cracked ever so slightly, earning him a subtle head-shake from Sam. The hunter went back to his coffee, slowly sipping as Miracle came back to sit and beg Sam for breakfast. “Don’t let his whines fool you, I fed him earlier. Speaking of food, though,” He gestured to the kitchen island, where a plate of pizza sat. “I reheated some leftovers from Eileen’s visit. Hungry?” The answering stomach growl from Sam’s body was answer enough, and together they chuckled softly.
. “If you don’t want to do the co-sleeping thing, you’re going to have to trust me,” He cocked an eyebrow. “Do you trust me?”
want to marry her,”
*********
“Dean?”
“My brother’s better at being honest with himself than I was with myself,”
“Anyway, Rowena suggested moving somewhere that isn’t so blocked for me, and Eileen’s been saying for a while now that she’d love to move closer to the coast, so,” Sam shrugged. “I figured it was probably best to listen to them,”
, I could give you a massage?” Benny rubbed a hand soothingly on Dean’s shoulder, and the prince gave him a warm smile.
“Uh, I may have just said your name and then left. We were...well, your brother was a bit preoccupied with the stranger in the Bunker,”
“Did Sam teach you yoga?”
“Mmhmm, that would be fantastic. There’s a meeting point for these rogue angels. Warehouse just up near Clearwater Creek in Nebraska,” Claire let out a heavy sigh. “Might be nice to hang out with you again. Maybe. See if you’re not as much of a doof as you once were,”
the Dean Winchester Cas pulled from Hell. But Heaven help him, Cas didn’t care.
“Good,” Dean was already starting to drift. “You know what, Shakespeare can suck it. He ain’t got nothin’ on me and you,” His breathing became more laboured and softer. “Love you too.” His words were slow and quieter than his breath. Castiel smiled in the darkness of his room.
“And you fell for him anyway,” There was a breathless wonder in his voice, and Sam stared incredulously at Cas. “Did he know that you know?
“Mornin’ honeybee,” His mouth felt fuzzy and slightly dry. Dean lifted his head ever so slightly, eyes still fighting to stay closed. “What time is it?”
“That’s the part you’re focusing on?” Dean frowned. Amara just basically
“I knew it,” Benny whispered, eyes trained on the group of flowers.
“So, you’re saying,” Cas frowned. “Dean’s more likely to respond to my advances if it’s presented in the form of a fight?” Sam heaved out a sigh.
“So I take it, it was good for you?” He ran his fingers through Cas’ dark hair, and Castiel couldn’t help the soft moan slipping from his mouth.
“Looks like I’ve got Sassy Cas today. Good to know,” He grinned widely at his bodyguard’s elaborate eyeroll, before turning to Charlie. “Alright, let’s go with the movie thing. Also, I hope these early morning meetings with you don’t become a regular thing,” Dean chucked one of his couch pillows at Charlie, who let out a laugh. “I mean, I love you, Red, but sometimes a man’s just gotta take some time alone, you know?”
, and I’d be remiss if I didn’t also mention
“Let me touch you, Castiel. Let me touch you and then I want you to fuck my face,” He felt his face burn as the words dripped out.
“Oh, really? Well, enlighten me, smart guy. What part of your memory are we standing in?”
“Well, actually―”
“Shot not carrying him out of the car,” Dean smirked.
Cas felt his heart break and lurch at the same time. He didn’t even think as he typed, his heart thinking his brain should take the passenger seat for a while.
,” He nearly spat the word out with disgust. “Do you think of all your
“I know, I know. You’ll tear them to shreds, propriety be damned,” Dean’s stomach wobbled at his words. His near-nightmare had been playing in his mind all day, and the image of Cas in a white suit covered in blood was doing more than just unnerve him. It startled him how
‘What’s there to talk about, angel?’ Dean crooned, thumbing Cas’ bottom lip again. The angel’s eyes drew closed like he was trying his hardest to restrain himself. When he opened his eyes, Dean cocked an eyebrow. ‘It’s clear as day you want me, and you
“He’s doing well. Heaven’s exactly as we wanted it to be. No longer keeping people locked up in the best memories. Everybody’s free to live their best lives. Anything you want, you can produce for yourself. He told me to tell you he says hello, by the way,” He looked off in thought. “So did Mary, Bobby, Ellen, Jo, Ash...”
“They have no power here,” Cas whispered, a watery smile on his face. He delicately swept away Dean’s tears before pulling him close, their lips brushing against one another. “You are everything I have ever dreamed of holding, even before I carried your soul within my wings,” With that, he closed the small gap between them, kissing Dean softly.
“Oh, no sir, I don’t mind cigarette smoke,”
Too bad he wanted it all, now and forever.
“Oh,” Dean didn’t know how else to respond to Cas’ wistful gaze. “Didn’t know you were a fan.”
“You like the wrapping, boy?” Cas purred. “Yes, I know all about your little
my boyfriend, we’d be kissin’ already. I can’t imagine I’d let much time go by without my lips on yours if I was your boyfriend,”
enjoy this punishment, so I’m going to make it harder for you,” He nuzzled his nose near the base of Dean’s skull, pressing an open-mouthed kiss next to his earlobe. “I’m going to do five more hits, but before every hit, I’m going to praise you. Instead of counting the hits back, I want you to repeat what I’ve said about you back to me,” Dean could feel the curve of Castiel’s smile on his neck. “And I’m going to loosen and remove your collar to blindfold you. Do you trust me, love?” Dean hadn’t realised he already had his eyes shut, since he didn’t want to look at the wall, didn’t want to look at the memory. The blindfold would be a reprieve for him, at the very least.
When he learned, later on, that he had demon blood in his body and he was destined to be Lucifer’s vessel, it only reaffirmed what he had already decided. There was no way he would ever pass on any of the troubles and tribulations that came with being the child of someone who used and abused. Even now, after being clean for the better part of nearly six years, and even after the Hell trials he believes purified him completely, he still feels the pull of the blood burning in his veins. Perhaps he always will, and he would prefer to be damned to the Cage for all eternity than pass that agony onto
leave your side. You can keep me as your friend, you can keep me as your lover, whatever you decide. The only thing you cannot decide is my place in Emma’s life. I am her father, just as you, and I will not leave her, and I will not leave you.”
“I’m Castiel,” Never before had he spoken his own name with the visceral feeling of having his heart in his throat. “I’m your best friend,” Dean frowned, and the fear dissipated. He was still confused, however.
“Doubt it,” Sam paused, thinking. “Although, if she’s anything like Dean…yeah, never mind, you’re right. She’d probably also stab you, too,” They shared a chuckle.
“Dean Winchester is dead,” He stated simply. “And besides, the Winchesters mean nothing to me, anymore,”
Dean shook his head vaguely. Those strange feelings about Cas have been creeping around a lot lately, making themselves known more often. Just the other day Dean had nearly verbally agreed, in the middle of an interview with a mourning widow, that Castiel
Drops of rain started to speckle his face, and he knew he’d need to head back to Eileen soon. She was making a cherry pie since it was what her pregnancy cravings were driving her towards. When Sam had commented on her desire for pie, Eileen had thwacked him lightly with the dishcloth, signing furiously about refusing to name their firstborn ‘Dean Junior’ because ‘even Dean would mock you horribly for that, and you know it, Winchester’. God, he loves her so much.
did, because of the very bodyguard, he’s trying so hard to keep in the friend-zone. Except
“Cas!” Jack had spotted him, shouting and waving. Dean froze and turned slowly. The man looked younger than Cas can remember seeing him, the lack of stress melting the years away. He was wearing a light blue button shirt, open over a white shirt and khaki shorts. As the angel approached the two, he couldn’t help checking out Dean’s athletic legs, bowed and sun-kissed as always.
Dean felt his heart-rate pick up as noises swallowed him. The sounds were
“Dean?” Cas’ voice was, as always, concerned. “You’re shaking,” His words were soft. Dean looked at the hand gripping into Cas’ coat, and sure enough, his fingers were trembling against the canvas material. He let go of his best friend, shaking the feeling out of his limbs. “Are you alright?”
“Thank you, Dean. Are you ready, or do you want a few more minutes?” He considered his watch. “Her Majesty will only give us a scathing look if we show up five minutes late, but any more than that, and I can’t protect you,”
“And when things go bad, it just ― it comes out. And I can't ― I can't stop it. No matter how ― how bad I want to, I just can't stop it.”
“He is, I’ve heard him,” The demon kept his gaze on the roof, eyes flicking back to his vessel’s brown eyes. “He’s also heard of a new development with your disgusting human pal,
**********
tell Dean he owes me fifty new loyal followers. Twit has my henchmen believing they should be following
“Holy shit, Cas,” Dean breathed out. “You’re my hero.” Cas beamed at him. Sam chuckled.
on carting me around with you,” He shook his head fondly.
“Keep going, Dean,” Cas panted out, noting the slowing movements of Dean’s hips. He broke his hold of Dean’s hands to grip his hips, and he flipped them over, driving into him harder. Cas leaned into Dean’s neck and bit down on his earlobe. “Only since I broke Naomi’s chokehold?”
“Killing time, waiting for dark to roll around. Sammy,” Cas could hear the sound of Sam yelling ‘What?’ back. “You owe me a beer, dude. Why on Earth did you think it was a man?” There were muffled noises in the background of the call. “Alrighty then,” Dean’s voice became clearer again. “So, Cas. What’s up?”
, don’t think you deserve to be saved?”
burn my handprint into your shoulder and your soul when we first met. Your soul harbours small slivers of my grace like my grace holds tiny fragments of your soul. We are quite literally
There was no loud flap of wings, no crunch of leaves underfoot, no sway in the mild breeze. Just a soft exhale behind him, and before Dean could tense up, a gentle hand caressed his left shoulder. Dean smiled as he turned to face the angel.
When Dean asked Jack, he gave Dean a sad smile, his eyes oldened by the few short years of his life. “Castiel told me he wanted to spend some time up in Heaven, to help me tear down Chuck’s old design and set it all up brand-new for when you and Sam arrive,” Jack frowned. “Which we both hope isn’t any time soon,”
“I might not be,” Dean smirked as he swayed. Cas brought his hands to Dean’s shoulders to steady him. “But Cas could still take you down if I asked,”
But here and now, the angel was nowhere to be found. He stared at the bare barn doors, where Cas stormed through twelve years ago. The wood was still splintered from Cas’ blast. There was a pitiful sound coming from all around Dean, like a wounded animal. It took him a moment to realise
from everything. As they made their way to the War Room, Dean could hear scuffling. He and Sam froze, sharing a look, before pulling out their guns. Sam silently gestured for Dean to get behind him as he placed Miracle's things on the ground, and Dean scooped Miracle up into one arm. Miracle let out a small noise of surprise, so Dean hushed him quietly.
“Ya know, the look you get on your face when you talk about Jack and me, it makes me feel…” Dean gestured out to the air around them as if he could physically hold onto the feeling Cas seems to have given him.
“In Charlie’s defence, Your Highness,” Benny reached over and pressed a gentle hand to Dean’s shoulder. “She only wanted to help me attempt to patch up my mistake. She told me this information with the strictest disclaimer that if I break your heart, or if I step out of line in any way, she’s giving Castiel the go-ahead to...ah, ‘pummel the complete and total crap’ out of me,” He used his free hand to mimic quotations, and Dean grinned.
Dean didn’t move an inch and had eventually allowed his mind to go blank. He was mostly numb by the time Gabriel arrived, jumping when Gabriel patted him on the shoulder.
“Oh my gosh, Sam, you were right! They
An hour and two replaced belts later, covered in grease again, Dean was finally locking up. He slid into the driver’s seat of the Impala as he dialed Castiel’s number, turning on speakerphone and dropping his phone on the seat beside him.
asking you on a date for Friday. I’m
Dean made quick work of the button and zipper, tugging the pants down and off before tossing them on the floor beside the bed. He palmed the front of Castiel’s black boxers, slowly exploring, tracing the outline of his erection with his fingertips. The touch sent shockwaves through Castiel. He pulled Dean up beside him, kissing him deeply as his hands continued to gently explore the shape of Castiel’s body.
Castiel’s hope plummeted, but Dean continued, “Not yet. But soon. In fact,” Dean raised his head with renewed confidence, “I’m
Sam grinned. “So, the big date’s tonight, huh?”
Marla batted a hand toward him with a blush. “We do still have one room available.” She slid her ledger toward Dean to sign while he passed her a credit card. “I’m sure you two will be nice and cozy. Maybe you can even pass through the festival on your way out of town tomorrow.”
“Dad?” Sam’s voice carried in from the hallway drawing John’s attention.
“For now,” Dean breathed. “But in an hour, I might change my mind.”
brother. You know what he’s like.” A smile threatened to cross her lips, so she quickly stuck the lollipop into her mouth and turned to slap the button that would close the doors and get the car moving again. Now that he knew her a little better and could read through the snark, Castiel liked Meg. Indeed, she reminded him of his mischievous brother.
“Oh no. Are you guys okay? I know you’ve both been, uh, going through some stuff.” Sam appreciated the concern in Charlie’s tone, and he smiled as he thought of how lucky he and Dean were to have her as a friend. Even though she was Dean’s friend first, she’d always been there for both without judgement, a rock for them to lean on.
