There was a long silence, comfortable but still slightly charged. Several minutes passed before Dean lifted himself up again. There was a softness around his eyes that Cas was unaccustomed to.
Nora rolled her eyes. “She was perfect, you know? Brought cookies to every meeting, they were, like, Betty Crocker perfect. Always looked and acted classy. And you’ve seen Doug.”
“No. We face this stuff by sticking together. If we’ve all learned anything in the past years, we know that’s the best thing. If you run off and try to hide, they’ll find you. And if they don’t, they still know where Sam and I are, they’ll get us and use it against you.”
But that other part of him, the part that had made him follow Dean into the bathroom that night, spoke up. Cas could stop it if he got in too deep. He wanted this.
Benny had found what he hadn’t had his previous time back from Purgatory. A purpose. He became a mentor to these wayward vampires, and was helping them adjust. Dean sounded very happy and proud while he was speaking with him. Cas was happy, too. Benny had saved him once again, and he wanted Benny to have a good…well, not life. Existence. A good existence.
Dean literally dragged Crowley’s ass out and dropped him in the back seat. His sobbing turned into wailing when he saw the ‘Starry Night’ impression.
The first thing they did was go to the Coroner’s Office. Dean thought the coroner, Dr. Pfaster was kinda creepy; he was really, really excited about the bodies. He thought the dude might be one of those freaky fetishists. And he smelled weird. And he looked at Cas’s ass more than once. He just didn’t like the guy.
Sam shook his head. “What? The transfusions after trying to close the Hell Gates didn’t take care of that?”
Dean began shuffling around and huffed when Cas made a whiney noise in his throat. "Look, man, if I don't pick up, he'll call you. When you don't pick up, he'll drive out here. Neither of us want that."
Gaia glared at all three of them. “I went into town, where I go every week to sell the eggs.” She waved towards a chicken coop.
The next store they hit was a Wal-Mart. Dean never had liked the idea of buying used underwear or socks, it just didn’t seem hygienic. You never knew what had been in those things before, and some people were just nasty. There are some things no amount of washing can take out.
Dean had been focused on the body. He turned around to look for Cas and found him holding onto the island in the middle of the room for support, his face a sickly green color.
Cas rubbed his hand across the area, and sent up a puff of white dust, making the grass slightly colored again. “Ground up flower petals.”
The sea dragon was still flailing. Dean got close enough to the side and slashed out, but all that did was make it hiss, and then all of a sudden, it just disappeared back into the water with hardly a ripple.
“The ancient manuscripts that eventually were translated and made into the Book of Exodus. People translate them in different ways. One translation in certain versions of the Quran says that, instead of the Hebrews camping at the foot of Mount Sinai, they camped
Lasted maybe three hours. By then, he had a nice buzz going, and he decided to go and try to find Cas and Sam. He was feeling a lot better now. Dean should have been able to predict they’d already be up to something. He found them at a table on the other side of the room, surrounded by about ten or eleven of those cups they used to collect quarters from the slot machines.
But for some reason that probably only made sense to him, he didn't like that he wasn't already back to one hundred per cent. Dean caught him and helped him back to his room when Cas had tried walking to the kitchen to get something to drink and almost passed out in the library.
“It’s a ghost witch. A witch ghost.” Dean was pacing in front of the AC unit. “Freakin’ witches! But how is a ghost making these hex bags, then placing them? How does it travel?”
Cas managed to crawl over to Dean, and Lucifer/Sam put his hands on their shoulders and in a flap of wings they were home. He had flown them into Dean’s room, and lifted Dean onto his bed.
He sighed absently. “He wasn’t very sociable. Everything he needed was in distance of where he could push his wheelchair to. I think he was self-conscious; because of the chair. So we became like his family…Us and the animals.”
Cas stood at the table, trying not to be scared. This was important, and it needed to be done correctly. He had to be confident right now, like Dean or Sam would be.
There were quite a few bedrooms in the Headquarters, and while most of them seemed to be on this hall, Sam had found some in other areas of the bunker, too. Before all the shit started going down, he had been thinking of making a map.
Dean stood in the middle of the room and shrugged as he looked around, spinning slowly on his heel. "Could be worse," he remarked.
, recalling how sometimes Dean would say hurtful things after he’d become inebriated. Then thinking back on the last hunt, Cas wrote
…Had been butchered. It was all choppy and weird, and the only way to get it evened out would be to shave his head. Which…Just, no.
Dean managed to procrastinate all day. He told Sam what Kevin had said, he made lunch, he replaced some light bulbs that had blown out, he tuned up the Impala, he waxed the Impala, he pruned the grass around the bunker door, he even started dusting some shelves in the library before Sam started giving him pointed looks and motioning to where the bedrooms were.
Dana looked behind him suddenly and he turned. Cas was coming towards them across the lawn, and he looked
Dean chuckled and it turned into a choked groan, Cas possibly having mastered the twisty movement that Dean seemed to prefer. "You're....ha, you...You're a funny guy, Cas."
Cas’ voice broke and Dean kissed the top of his head. “It’ll take a lot more than some snooty mangels to take me and Sammy out.”
Dean took a nap so that they could go burn the house in the dead of the night, when there was less chance of getting caught. He’d suggested that Cas take a nap as well, but he did not feel tired. In truth, Cas only slept when he absolutely had to. He did not like sleeping as a human. It made him feel vulnerable, and he often experienced nightmares. Usually he was in Naomi’s office. It reeked of disinfectant and the smell often stayed with him after he woke up. He also frequently dreamed of killing Dean, in practice as he had done in Heaven. It still felt instinctive, like it was something he was supposed to do. When he woke up, the feeling was gone, but it worried him. Cas was frightened that being too close to Dean would result in harm to his friend, and that was something he could not permit to happen. Not on his account. But it would eventually. It always did.
Cas then thought about what made him unhappy in the past. And the first thought was how Dean kept pushing him away, then coming back to him.
Dean had talked Garth into not asking them to go out on the road for a couple of weeks after they’d gotten back. They’d all agreed to stick with the best guess they’d had, which was a rogue reaper. He’d kept off their backs, but he eventually did call Sam about what seemed like a simple haunting in Wyoming, and there wasn’t anyone else to put on it.
Cas kneeled down across from him, flipping open the file. “This wasn’t here before. All of the pictures show this area as being normal.”
Over the next week, Dean managed to keep Cas occupied by learning different guns. It was made easier a couple days after the first lesson by the casts finally coming off. The skin under the casts was sickly pale looking and Cas actually seemed self-conscience about it, pointedly pulling his sleeves down over his hands. It was weird to see him so concerned about something like that, the guy who had taken a box-cutter to his chest without blinking.
Cas had been staring blankly at the screensaver on the laptop that Sam had given him for about twenty minutes, when Allie’s suggestion to make a list popped into his mind. At the time, he hadn’t thought much of it, but now, feeling nothing but a dull void, it seemed like something productive to do. He opened a drawer on the desk and pulled out a ringed notebook. It was empty save for the first page, that had Sam’s intricate Wi-Fi password written down, and the phone number for the pizza place in town.
J sat on a sofa that should be salted and burned as quick as possible, and lit up a freshly rolled joint. “Man, accidents don’t happen.”
. He thought the tears would have stopped by now, but he just went on. Sam sat on the side of the bed, and he had ice packs that he put under his neck and across his forehead.
There was a really hard case in Maine, made even shittier because the temperatures never got above freezing the whole time they were there. Dean had come across an article on the internet about a town that was convinced it was under attack by something. Of course, no one was taking it seriously, so on the road they went.
Erwin was dull and sleepy. It was hard to believe that anything remotely supernatural was happening here, and Cas thought that maybe Sam had put too much thought into coming here.
Dean laughed and pulled him so he was helping him stand some. "I think that's the best complement I have ever gotten after going down on someone."
Individual Warnings: Language, Sexy times, angst, fluff, violence, mild drug use, mentions of child abuse, animal cruelty, karmic justice, coffee, and ear trauma.
“Look, here at the eye sockets. Whoever did this, we can tell they used the same instrument on all three of the victims. And…and the ligature marks? On their necks and wrists, they found
“Damn,” he whispered, sighing. Cas had potentially survived a fiery fall from space, only to possibly die of a head injury by his friend, who he was probably looking for. Dean kept looking down his body; both of his wrists hung at funny angles, and there was blood seeping through his clothes in several places. Another one for the hospital.
Dean rolled his eyes and pushed the bottle towards him. “Yeah, yeah, I get it. Blah blah celestial creeper blah.”
Dean pulled his mouth away. "We really talking about this? I'm trying to get you off, here. My hand is gonna cramp up."
The building was old, the machines bordering on ancient. Judging by the faded colors and the odd font on the signs posted above the machines, Cas would guess that little had changed here since the seventies.
Before Dean even registered what he was doing, he had gotten out of his chair and moved to pull Cas up by his elbows. Then he was hugging him close, holding him like he had in Purgatory.
He glared at Sam. “I said if we ever found this asshole, I was gonna punch him in the fucking face!”
Cas started walking towards the stream and Dean followed. “I haven’t seen many fish. Just a few small ones. They come up to eat the minnows.”
“John, ya know, John was cool. Quiet kinda dude. He had guys come over, I guess friends from the Salvation Army.”
He felt Cas huff against his neck. “Ruth. And her agenda against me. It will be extremely difficult to stop her.”
I was gonna try and publish all of the chapters whole, without spliting them up, but I don't think it'll work on this one. It has been a bitch to write, and I'm not nearly done, since it's, like, the most important chapter. And the mother is long.
Cas had waited until the streaks of fire in the sky had mostly abated. He had no idea what would happen to the vessels falling to the Earth. Many would die on impact, he imagined. But many would survive. Would they remember? Would they have any residual powers, like the Nephilim? They could still be connected to Heaven, since there was still a Heavenly Host, even though the Host just consisted of the Scribe.
Cas walked up the hill to the bottom of the tree and sat on the ground in its shade, facing away from the bunker. “This is my favorite spot.”
The next afternoon found Cas and Dean sitting across from each other at the organic diner. Dean had decided that the best cure for what he called ‘the hangover from Hell’ was the diner’s Pie of the Day, which today was coconut meringue. Sam had dropped them off on the way to an apothecary that he’d found online with a bag of Allie’s feathers.
“Your secret is safe with me, don’t worry. But, I can tell...You aren’t totally satisfied with what you have. Don’t think that there may not be better things out there for you. Just...Keep it in mind.”
He didn’t answer for a few minutes. “Crowley has done a lot of terrible things before. And I am willing to partially forgive him for most of those things after all he did to help with getting rid of Ruth.”
Dean looked at him, an unguarded pain in his eyes. "You...You scared the shit outta me. I thought...Well, life's short. Like the philosopher said, 'death ain't nothing but a heartbeat away."
He didn't know what had made him wake up fully for a minute, but then he heard the noises coming from next door. Cas couldn't hear any clear words, but Dean sounded like he was in distress, and Sam was speaking in calming tones.
Another nod. Dean sat back near his knees as Cas tried to write down what he had to say. His hands were shaking again by the time he was done and he handed it back to Dean.
Jamie nodded toward a bench across from the one she was sitting on. She sighed. “I figured it would happen eventually.”
Cas glanced at Dean nervously first, then pulled his jacket off and rolled the left sleeve of his shirt up and drew a circle with his finger about an inch below his elbow on the inside of his forearm.
Dean moved, but didn't stop shoveling rhubarb pie into his mouth as he went. "Yeah, wash up some while you're in there. You kinda reek a little bit, man. Homelessness suits no one."
Cas sat back down. “I think it happens when I feel the most useless. And I feel sad and afraid. I’m not used to fear. It’s a relatively new sensation. Then I feel irrationally angry. Is that normal?”
It’d been narrowed down to three people; a comic book artist, an investment banker, and a T.V. weatherman.
Cas had closed his eyes again, but sucked on the straw. He hummed at the broth, Dean guessed he was enjoying it. They switched between water and broth until Sam came back.
There was a very uncharacteristic growl and Cas grabbed his hands and pinned them down to the bed near Dean’s head.
Dean walked across the room, stopping to toe off his shoes before inexplicably climbing over Cas, hovering above him for a moment, before lowering himself into a position that mimicked Cas's, sitting next to him, their hips and legs pressed together.
Allie looked pallid and more than a little ill in the daylight, but she slid into the driver's seat. "Let's go."
Dean waved at the end of the hallway and managed to get back to the Impala, even though the stairs seemed a little crooked. Sam and Cas were standing outside, leaning on the trunk.
He was cut off because Cas had launched himself the couple of feet that separated him and Dean and was embracing him tightly. Dean let out a faint ‘oomph’. Unlike Cas, who normally didn’t quite know what to do with holding someone, Dean almost immediately wrapped his arms around Cas’ waist.
Even with how Crowley had changed how Hell worked, there were still some nasty demons out there. Because, hey, they’re
Chuck turned towards Cas. “Now. Since you don’t have any Grace, you shouldn’t be able to do stuff with Enochian. Like blow stuff up and throw people around. But, I’m going to leave that with you. Just, be
“Paul Thomas went by ‘Sam’, his middle name. All of these men had names with ‘Sam’ in them. And they were all strong, and the pictures of them before they were murdered show they all had long-ish hair.”
Charlie was waiting for them, sitting on the front of her car doing something with her iPad. Benny carried her bag for her while Sam unlocked the bunker. Dean started trying to get Cas out of the car without waking him up. Sam came back a minute later.
She tutted in a really annoying way. “Now, you know I’m not going to tell you that. You’ll have to come find him. But I would hurry if I were you. See, I’ve had a long time to think about what I would do if I ever got my hands on that monster. And I don’t think he’s going to enjoy it very much.”
Sam coughed some. “I guess he’ll need a lot of time to accept it, you know. That he’s permanently human. It’s gotta suck.”
, long life before meeting us. And it’s easy to just think of how new you are to all this. So, I’m sorry. I’ll try and not just dismiss you like that.”
“Huh.” Cas glanced over at Dean, who was licking at his bottom lip. “She was made out of grape jelly.”
Cas turned and pointed at the dial on the front of the stove that read ‘HIGH’. “I thought the highest setting would cook the eggs the fastest.”
Cas finally lowered the gun and put it away and Dean sighed again, this time in relief. "I thought that maybe you had only started feeling as you do after I fell."
Ok. So...I haven't updated this in a while. 3 years. I haven't updated this in 3 years. Sorry about that :)
Cas shrugged. “It was guarded by some kind of magic. I guess magic was the only way to make it open again, since the caster is dead.”
Dean squealed in joy and ran up to the hood of the car and leaned down on it, hugging her, as best as you could hug a car. “My Baby! Don’t worry, I love you the most.”
He cleared his throat. “Lacy Nicolson. Active member in Alcoholics Anonymous, she had a sponsor, Henry Martin. She’d been sober for almost two years. Never married, no children. It was the sponsor who found her.”
Two long, hard weeks. The angels needed looking after, there was still the issue as to how to reopen the gates of Heaven, and Metatron was not giving him the answers he needed. And even though it was his kin and all the lost souls wandering the Veil were crying in torment, Castiel’s number one priority during those two weeks was still Dean Winchester.
And that's what Cas was doing while Dean was helping Benny and Charlie load up her car. Charlie was checking one of her bags for something, and Dean pulled Benny to the side.
Sam shrugged and went to the bathroom where they kept most of the medicine they had and shook out a couple of pills. When he went back into the kitchen, Dean was cooking with an amused look on his face, and Cas was finally sitting up, blinking around groggily and looking mortified. “Here you go, man.”
“Hello Castiel. It’s been a while.” Her voice was pleasant, but extremely cold, and Cas felt himself shiver.
He just huffed and kissed Cas again, now with enough force he thought Dean might be trying to suck his tongue out of his mouth. It didn't matter; Cas was still shaking with silent laughter. He broke away when it got hard to breathe and turned his attention to a spot just under Dean's ear that Cas had found he enjoyed being stimulated.
Cas was taking a while, and Dean was starting to get a bad feeling. Just when he was about to go in and check, there was a voice on the other side of the car.
Sam seemed to have been the one least affected by Allie’s influence, and had been in an almost annoyingly cheerful mood all morning. He slid an envelope across the table to Cas.
Halfway down the alley, Cas got a very odd feeling, and he could relate it to a sense of knowing you were being watched. A second later, and a hand grabbed him by the shoulder and shoved him against the brick wall, making him gasp and drop the plastic bag of books.
He sighed. “Castiel. A long time ago, you told me your story, and you began at the beginning. I’m gonna pay you guys the same respect.”
Cas had gone through another change, only a couple of days after the 'Shower Incident'. Now, he was pretty much apathetic about everything. Dean had offered to go out to the garden with him, to take him into town, to do just about anything. But all he seemed to want to do was sit or lay in his room or stare blankly at the TV. Dean had tried getting into the bed with him, or lay with him on the loveseat, but Cas had shooed him away every time. He had
Dean hummed. For some reason, both of their voices were at whispers. “Lemme know when you want me to cut it for you.”
It wasn’t the right size for his ring finger, but it fit fine on his middle finger. There was still a lot Cas didn’t understand about being human. As Dean and Sam had taught him, he probably never would completely understand.
“I’ll fix it when I come back inside. But right now, I need you to put dots, everywhere he hurt you.” He handed Hannah a blue crayon.
He reached down, and took himself in hand. The friction of his own skin was like a ghost compared to how Dean had felt moving against him, but he was so close it barely mattered. But Cas had only pumped his hand a few times before Dean's hand was on his wrist like iron. "Wait."
Dean was checking his head when he noticed a lot of blood coming out of the back, trickling down his neck.
Sam shrugged. “A store in town. I just figured it was some kind of mass-produced touristy thing. Why?”
Cas turned it over. “See, it’s stamped on the bottom. ‘Bethlehem’. Rabbis and priests, the kind who still practiced magic, from both cities made a couple hundred of things like this, some with other biblical scenes, or scripture. Then they sent them to other important religious figures. I believe the Pope may even have a couple.”
He just stared at it, and Dean got fidgety. “Bobby taught us how to make those when we were kids. It’s not that great, I just kinda…”
Sam looked at Dean and Cas, and Cas nodded. All the guns were put away. Lizzy sighed. Dean led them all towards the kitchen, where they could sit down.
He sighed. "But the fact was, no matter how I felt about you, anything beyond being friends I buried. Way, way deep down. Because you weren't human. And even if you felt the same way, it wouldn't matter. Even if, by some miracle I managed to live to an old age, you would look the same as you do now. It would've just been impossible. And then suddenly it wasn't."
Lizzy looked around the table. “Thank you all for listening to the message. I hope something good will come from it.” She stood.
"Hey. We're cool, alright? I'm not gonna say that I get what you've been going through. But I know it's not easy on you."
Sam hauled off his stuff and Cas looked at Dean who was trying not to laugh because he knew Cas would be mortified once he figured it out.
Kevin jumped up from the table in the library that he had claimed with a rain forest’s worth of notes when they came in, running over and giving Cas a hug.
Sam choked back a laugh. “See this little thing?” He pointed at a spot on the top of his computer. “It’s a camera. We can link up over the Internet and talk to each other. Like cell phones, but you can see each other’s faces.”
Dean laughed. “Well, not long ago you would’ve been right. But I got so many things that make it better now.”
Sam had to laugh. “Yeah, I guess we did. It’s kinda hard to remember back to when you weren’t around. But you’re always gonna worry, one way or another. Family’ll make you do that.”
He leaned down and reached under the car and pulled out a strip of duct tape, with a key stuck to it. Dean opened the trunk and rooted through it. “Here. This is his.”
to be angry. And yet, as with every feeling other than near-anhedonia, it was beyond him. But the pressure was behind his eyes again, and for a brief moment, Cas felt like he couldn’t breathe.
As they walked through the door, Ruth turned away from where she had Cas shackled and chained and looked at them, a smile on her face.
Cas smiled and kissed him, something that was happening more and more frequently, not that Dean was complaining. “I would like to sleep in the same bed with you.”
“We are vulnerable out here. The bunker is safe. We can plan from there, get some back up, call in some favors. We need to have an advantage.”
Now that he was actually sleeping instead of drifting in and out all the time, he was plagued by nightmares again. He tried the technique that Dean had taught him Florida that had worked since, but these were persistent, and he often woke up sweating, but freezing cold. The nightmares tended to follow a pattern. He always caused harm one of his friends in some way or another, directly or indirectly. In one, he had been forced to watch as Dean was tortured by Ruth in his place. In another, the rescue attempt had gone wrong and everyone was captured and then killed in front of him. Some were scenarios that hadn't happened, hunts they hadn't been on and something horrible happened to Sam or Dean or both. And then there was the resurgence of the old dreams, Naomi's office and her drill…A warehouse full of dead Deans.
Dean just shook his head, and chugged half of the first can. “How long is this bullshit gonna last?”
Sam and Cas went out the door, and Dean closed it behind him, and the lock clanked, echoing weirdly.
Cas wrote her number down and Sam locked the phone back as Mrs. Galloway came back from the kitchen. He thanked her and they left.
Dean stuck his hand in his pocket to get the keys, but they weren’t there. He looked up and Cas had them dangling from his finger.
"It's fine." He cleared his throat. "Uhm. I asked Benny what that meant. The 'mon ange' thing. He said it means 'my angel'."
There was a really tense silence until Cas moved over and sat in the desk chair. “One of these days we’ll have to have a fight and make up without Sam mediating.”
He rubbed at his head. “I gotta remember not to do that unless it’s a life or death thing. It just feels natural now that I know I can do it.”
Sam squinted at the paper. “Quang found him when he got back from his last class at eight o’clock. And he was all petrified like the others. The roommate is really supersticious. He grabbed all his stuff from the dorm room and swore he was never going back in.”
Sam nodded. “I get what you’re saying. But you know Dean just about as well as I do. I’m sure he has reasons he’ll explain once he’s back on our side of the rainbow. There’s still the two of us, and Dean can probably function some.”
It took Dean a minute to figure out what he was asking, if he could lay down with him on the bed. “Oh. Uhm, sure.”
There was a long silence, and Cas refused to look at Dean. After a few minutes, Dean let out a sigh of the long suffering.
“You did! I got you all hot and bothered, didn’t I? I was just too blitzed out to notice. You jacked off in the bathroom, right?”
Dean snatched the controller out of his hands and turned the console off. Cas just blinked up at him hazily, didn't even get mad or anything.
Jesus, what was this, middle school? He thought about being a smart-ass, but decided against it. “Yeah, Dean. I think he really likes you.”
Sam was just as excited as Cas had been to be back at the bunker. Almost a full month stuck in the hospital and he had been ready to start climbing the walls. Dean had brought him a set of clothes to change into, and they swamped him now, but with the diet plan, Dean was sure he would be back to normal soon.
Cas tried to answer, but his throat was uncooperative. Dean brought some water over from the tray. "Here, this might help."
Even though Dean had tried to be as careful as possible, Cas couldn't hold back a scream when he picked him up. "Sam? Come get the keys outta my pocket and bring the car around."
The breath caught in Castiel's throat and he nodded, his chin inadvertently hitting below Dean's ear. "Yes. This is what I want."
A week after the night that the news was referring to as ‘The Night of Fire’, Cas was let out of the hospital. Dean brought him a set of his own clothes to change into and then drove him back to the bunker. It was only about an hour’s drive, so Dean had been making it back and forth pretty often. After Sam had woke up and was out of the ICU, he started asking for stuff like his computer and underpants, so Dean had been playing gofer. And he had to keep watch over Kevin, who had decided to work on the Angel Tablet, and the full Demon Tablet. Dean had to make sure he was eating and not taking his weight in No-Doze, like he did last time. Or getting shit-faced.
Dean looked a little shaken, but just then, Sam came in and instantly knew something was wrong. Cas was relieved when Dean told Sam what had happened, because he knew he could not retell it again.
Two weeks after Montana found Castiel sitting on his bed, enjoying some peace and quiet, and finally getting to the last chapter in his book.
Then he stopped talking. It wasn’t long after that the seizures started. Sam did his best to help him, but there wasn’t much he could do. After one bad seizure, while Sam still had an arm under his shoulders to make him comfortable, Cas opened his eyes, and actually focused on him.
“Yeah. I found Lacy. See, we meet up for lunch every Thursday, and she never showed. I called her cell, and she didn’t answer, which is weird, because she always keeps her phone on her. So I went by her apartment. We both have spare keys for each other’s places. I’d never had to use mine before.”
“Okay. Harold Spencer. He was the Vice Principal at Beechwood High School. He was married, but his wife left him twelve years ago; she lives in Malibu now. His neighbor saw a weird light across the street and went to check it out. Mr. Spencer was in his backyard. He was very active in the school. Head of a lot of committees, and his biggest thing was drug use prevention in kids.”
He immediately knew he was going in the right direction. The deep, coldness in his mind was getting worse. There was pressure, constant pressure behind his eyes, as if he were about to cry. It was a feeling he was both unfamiliar and uncomfortable with.
Jilly sighed. “The only other place she went to a lot was some property she owned out on Carolina Beach. She had a small stretch of land there. Courtney was thinking of maybe building a place there. And she talked about a cave she liked to hang out at. Said it was meditative.”
He effortlessly scooped Cas up and took him down the hall to where the rooms were. Dean vacantly did as he was told and got as many towels as he could carry in his arms.
Sam rolled his eyes and snatched it back. “Okay. Let’s go. Buddhist, not supposed to use brain-morphing chemicals, got it. I guess that’s it.”
They ended up in Dean’s room, since his bed was a little bigger. They took their turns in the bathroom, changing into sleep clothes and the nightly routine, then they both got under the covers.
Cas was eager to learn the back and forth motion of his hand and how it drove Dean crazy. He didn't last long, just the fact that it was Cas and it was Cas' hand on him was almost enough.
Cas was sitting at a table in the library, picking at his cuticles and he looked like was angry and anxious.
He all but ran into the other room. Cas stood at the bottom of the stairs, totally drenched and shaking like he was going to fall apart. His lips and nails were a mottled blueish color.
"This'll work," Dean whispered, before he kissed a spot on Cas's breastbone, about three inches below his collar. He stayed there, laving the spot.
Cas opened the door all the way. Sam came through eagerly, tucking the handgun into the back of his pants as he went. Dean was by far more cautious, staying armed, and giving Allie a long suspicious look.
Gabriel knew sneaky, and Dean was being sneaky in spades. Dean had come out of his room, looking each way down the hall making sure he was alone, not knowing Gabriel had been tailing him in “angel stealth mode”. When Dean had snuck past the kitchen to make sure Sam didn’t catch him, Gabriel snuck through and grabbed Sam’s hand, pulling him into his field of invisibility. Before Sam could say anything, Gabriel put a finger to his lips in the universal sign for ‘be quiet’.
"There was an elite group of angels, the Watchers, who were sent to watch over Father's favored creation, humans. After a time, they fell for the beauty of human women and took them as wives, and giving birth to the first Nephilim."
"Happy birthday, Uncle Sam," MJ said, dancing over to him with baby Sammy in her arms and reaching up on tiptoes to plant a kiss on his cheek. Sam smiled at her but kept a steady pace towards the coffee machine. He poured himself a cup and started drinking it black.
Seriously, did the man not realize that that wide, genuine smile of his turned Dean into a puddle of goo? They just stood there, smiling at each other for God knew how long when Charlie cleared her throat very loudly and excused herself. Everyone was settling into their seats for practice when Cas handed him a few sheets of music. Dean looked over it and couldn’t help but smile; his musical tastes were rubbing off on Cas.
It took everything Dean had in him to remain calm and not gank the limey bastard where he sat. He took a deep, calming breath, and said, “I don’t give a shit what you think, we’re getting her out. Now, you can help us, or we go directly to your mother. She’s the only one who can open it anyways, right?”
Gabriel sighed and sank deeper into the hug. “You and me both.” Castiel decided to ignore the moisture he felt on his neck.
“I didn’t do it Dad, I swear!” she said in a panic. “We got to the bunker and I think Sammy brought us back.”
"Like wings?" Gabriel said, sounding more like a question than a statement. "Oh, and his eyes are glowing gold, not silver, and he can't shut it off."
Castiel raised a hand to knock, but before he could the front door opened. Dean stood there with a grin on his face, bouncing on the balls of his feet like a child who’s had too much sugar. He pulled Castiel in far enough to close the door, then pushed him up against it, pressing his body against Castiel’s and taking his mouth in a brutal kiss. Before Castiel could even respond, Dean pulled back.
"No, Danel. He was on the list I gave you guys as unaccounted for. He had a human wife and two sons, both wiped out by the flood. He's not as powerful as Samyaza, but he's got a grudge and he's pissed. Worse, he's been tracked to the Midwest."
“Hey,” he said, “think we got a case a couple hours north of here. I’m thinking witches putting the whammy on people to make them do stuff they normally wouldn’t do. Yesterday was the first casualty, some guy decided to play stunt driver and drove his car right off a parking garage roof. Witnesses said he looked like he had his hands in the air the whole time, like he was on a freakin’ rollercoaster. You and Bobby gonna be okay here with Cas and Gabriel while Sam and I head up there to check it out?”
“I’ve been wanting to do that all damned week,” Dean said, still smiling. He winked at Castiel and sauntered off into the house.
Sam couldn't believe he was actually in Italy. He, Gabriel, and Bobby were sitting at a small wrought-iron table in one of the plazas on Via Condotti drinking rich coffee and watching tourists going in and out of the boutiques in the shopping district. He was glad he left his flannel at home even though he felt a little exposed in the tight clothing Gabriel insisted he wear, but the look on his angel's face was totally worth it. Drool may or may not have been involved.
I have loved him for years. And as much as I wish my first time wasn’t here in the bunker with my family just down the hall, I was still thinking clearly enough to follow your rules about not leaving. You two,” she said, pointing to her dads, “owe Kevin an apology. If he doesn’t get one, I will never forgive you. Uncle Gabe,” she said, turning to her uncle, “can you please soundproof my room like you did yours and my dads’?”
“No, after the Thule’s last attempt resurrect Hitler was thwarted, he and his golem have gone off the grid. There were some rumors he was trying to find descendants of the original Judah Initiative, but surveillance has turned up nothing.”
Once Dean and Castiel were out of sight, Sam turned to Gabriel, arms crossed over his chest. “Seriously,” he asked, “what’s going on? You know I’m not a big fan of surprises.”
“Come on, you guys, let’s get this done,” he tells them. MJ gets up to follow him, handing the baby off to her cousin for last-minute hugs and kisses.
"Didn't you ever learn it's not nice to tease?" Gabriel huffed out. His words had the desired effect as Sam started stripping his dick. Gabriel matched him stroke for stroke, head leaning into Sam's shoulder. Before long they were chasing their orgasms, Gabriel reaching his first, with Sam close behind.
A hand fell on Gabriel’s shoulder. He looked up and saw Sam, who was looking at him quizzically. He looked back down at the uniform he was holding and saw the tears on it. “It was a random prayer,” he whispered. “She wasn’t praying for herself, but for the safety of others, her teammates I guess. So self-sacrificing,” he said with a dry laugh, “reminded me of you. So I went.”
Dean from the past reached out and pushed the blanket away from the baby's face and just looked at him. His heart tightened, thinking that someday this would be his son. "Sammy," he whispered. He looked up at Cas and his future self. "Sam," he told them. "I did such an awesome job with the first one, this one should be a cakewalk," he said, smiling.
“First time for everything, Pops,” Bobby said, leaning back in his chair as the Winchesters and their angels entered the room.
Dean pushed the bass line, hitting the strings hard with his bow as Cas pulled his own bow gracefully across the strings for the verses. They both laid heavy on the strings through the chorus before Dean put his bow in his mouth, drumming on the body of his cello through the bridge. When Cas looked back over at him, Dean waggled his eyebrows at him. Cas in turn gave him a lecherous grin as he made his instrument screech and moan as though it was having an orgasm.
"Of course," Dean said, smiling. "Just gimme about ten minutes." He rapped his knuckles on the doorframe twice before heading down to the shower. He passed his brother on his way in, already showered with a towel wrapped around his waist.
) and dialed Kevin’s cell phone, leaving the connection open with the phone in her purse so he could hear if anything happened. Gabriel was awfully proud of her using her brain after everything that had happened.
When he saw Dean at rehearsals, he seemed to alternate between cocky arrogance and willful determination. Now that he knew the man outside of that environment, it seemed like all the bravado was for show, that who he was around those he cared about was the real him. He laughed more easily, his smile more sincere and lighting up his eyes like nothing Castiel had seen before. Dean was definitely more open and relaxed, and he thought the look suited the man.
He once again relived the previous Friday evening in his mind as he brushed his teeth and stripped down to his boxers before climbing into bed. If Castiel kept his eyes closed, he could imagine it was Dean grabbing a fistful of his hair instead of himself. He could lightly run his fingertips over his lips and ghost them down his naked torso, and in his mind’s eye they would be Dean’s lips on him. He could take his testicles into hand firmly and give a gentle tug, almost feeling the suction from Dean’s mouth.
The tempo changed frequently between the longer, slower bow strokes flowing over idyllic notes and the fast rock tempo Wings was famous for. Dean definitely enjoyed watching Cas embrace his inner rock god, and every time he caught Cas looking at him, it was like Cas was seeing him for the first time, and he liked what he saw.
Mr. Turner approached the podium, picked up the conductor’s baton, and tapped it a few times to get everyone’s attention. A hush fell over the hall. “It has come to my attention,” he said very loudly, his harsh Midwestern accent echoing throughout the room, “that we have two cellists who both think they’re hot shit.” Snickers and giggles filled the room at his comment. He held up two file folders, one in each hand. “Winchester, Novak-chair challenge. Get your butts up here.”
"Deano's got a point," Gabriel said. "We don't know who we can and can't trust, especially with the kids here. What if one of the Grigori or another angel or even a demon decided to ride one of those poor bastards in here, wanting to check out your secret
"If you're gonna kill me, then at least be original," Dean snapped, hunting through the cabinets for the hard liquor.
Dean's hand froze. Cas wiggled again, rubbing his erection harder against his leg. Dean wasn't freaked out or disgusted, maybe just felt a little awkward. Castiel, a millennia-old Angel of the Lord, was humping his leg in his sleep. Actually, Dean grinned, he found it kinda cute. He moved his leg just a little, giving Cas some friction, and his angel actually whimpered. Huh, seemed like Dean's dick liked that noise.
“I’m afraid not, Dean,” Cas said. “It appears that Gabriel,” he said, giving the archangel a nasty look, “could not control himself after bonding with your brother. He allowed his grace to run freely through Sam, and allowed Sam’s soul to run freely through himself.”
As Castiel was climbing the steps to Dean’s front door that Friday, Sam was coming out the front door. Sam slapped him on the shoulder with a jovial, “hey, Cas,” as he passed, jogging towards the Impala. Castiel just smiled, then gave a little wave as Sam pulled out of the drive.
Charlie spun him around and slammed him into his car, surprising him with the strength her size disguised. “Now you listen to me, Dean Winchester,” she almost yelled, poking him in the chest with her dainty but sharp pointer finger. “You have
Cas was already in his seat at the practice hall when Dean arrived Monday morning, cello and music out and already warming up with Kevin. Dean stood in the entry and watched him for a few minutes; he looked graceful, closing his eyes as he played through several scales effortlessly. Dean really couldn’t believe this was the same person who’d given him so much grief since his arrival. Whether the change was how Cas was acting or how Dean saw him now, he didn’t know or care.
Dean walked through the door, shutting it behind him before looking around. If he wasn't mistaken, this was Jody Mills' place. As he walked through the house, he noticed it was both the same and very different. The living room now had shelves lined with old, leather bound books and weapons mounted on the walls where family photos used to hang.
"Hey Cas?" Sam started, but Cas was already examining Sam's flaccid dick, head tilted to one side. When he looked back up, Cas was staring at Sam's dick with a look of confused concern on his face. "I fail to see how
“That’s one hell of a feat,” Dean said, padding barefoot into the kitchen in a black t-shirt and flannel pajama bottoms of his own. He took the cup of coffee Cas held out to him with a smile of thanks and leaned against the counter next to Cas, their bodies so close their shoulders were touching.
Cas was still tense, but Dean was awarded another one of those awesome smiles. Dean stood and offered him a hand to help him up. Cas took his hand and ended up standing very, very close to Dean, just looking into his eyes, trying to school his features.
Gabriel let go of Sam and walked over to Bobby. He pretended to check his eyes, nose, and throat before giving a diagnosis of “teenage angst.”
The archangel started at his ankles, massaging up and down Sam’s calves with both hands while kissing the insides of his knees. He licked up the inside of his left thigh, nipping and sucking little bruises into the sensitive skin, making Sam squirm before repeating the process on his right thigh. Bypassing his groin, he moved up to his hipbones, sucking deep purple bruises into each. Sam gasped at a sharp bite to his right hip, which Gabriel soothed over with his tongue.
"Dude, you can't do that to the kid. Bruce became Batman because his parents were killed," he explained. "Don't put that kind of prophecy on him."
Dean stood up and brushed off his pants. “Go find my brother, he’s doing that moping shit again,” he said to Gabriel with a frown. “It’s annoying. Seriously, I don’t know how you can stand him sometimes. He’s like a giant girl.” With that Dean started back for the bunker.
They each took a copy of their parts, Dean taking first cello. He pulled out his small amp and hooked up his electric cello for this. They played through the first couple pages several times, Dean switching from the first cello piece to the second, trying to hear how it would come together. He wanted to bitch that Sam should have just made it a duet, but he knew that they needed another string instrument to pull off the complex sounds he loved.
He swallowed hard, holding back the tears trying to escape. "How far along was he when you guys did the spell to come back here?" he asked hoarsely.
,” Gabriel tried explaining again. “It’s an ancient Japanese art form. And it’s not just tying you up. Just- Will you trust me on this?”
Both men startled at the sound, Gabe pretty much falling off of Sam and landing on the floor with a thud. They tried to stifle their drunken giggling, but they were just too amused at themselves. They laughed so hard Sam almost couldn’t get Gabe up off the floor. Dean just shook his head at the pair.
weeks since they’d last seen MJ and Bobby. The first few days Gabriel and Castiel searched Heaven and Earth non-stop for any signs of them. On the fifth day, Dean broke down and called Crowley to see if his demons had heard anything or if they were in Hell. After the first week, both Sam and Dean had passed out from exhaustion. Mary did her best to stay level-headed and hold her boys together, but even she wore down and started crying off and on after day eight, thinking her grandchildren were lost. Baby Sammy was cranky all the time.
books. Dean laughed and asked, "you been getting in touch with your inner teenage girl, Samantha?" Sam just gave Dean one of his bitchfaces.
Gabriel slung an arm around Sam’s waist. “Sammykins, why would our boy want to learn how to use a gun when he has that sweet blade of his?” He looked at Bobby, excitement on his face. “We’ll take a little field trip out to a monastery, learn sword fighting from a real master. Well, besides me.”
Gabriel looked up at Sam. “Wait a second-Dean? Dean Winchester? Your brother is the pain in my little cousin’s ass at the KCO?” Gabriel started laughing now. “Oh, this is gonna be so much fun, Sammykins!” Gabriel turned on Dean and Cas with an evil grin. “Since we all know each other, I guess that means I can drag Cassie along to movie night over at your place this weekend.”
. Dean tentatively moved his hand and stroked Cas' dick with his knuckles, finding the angel already fully erect. He twisted his wrist so he could palm Cas' erection, pulling a small gasp from him. Now Dean smiled back and started stroking Cas' dick like he meant it.
he knew his angel, but obviously Cas liked a touch of pain. But it was just the right side of painful, contrasting beautifully with the attention his dick was getting. He tried thrusting his hips into Cas’ to get him to move faster, but Castiel just dug his thumb deeply into the soft flesh just inside Dean’s hipbone, making him still.
“Holy shit!” she said, not caring if her brother heard the curse word because it seemed like curse words made him laugh hysterically. She put her finger in her mouth, tasting a little coppery. She held her finger in front of Sammy and showed him the papercut and frowned at him. “You gave Sissy an owie,” she said with a pouty voice. Sammy stopped laughing; now he looked like he was going to cry. He reached out and grabbed onto the finger with the papercut.
“We’re both Nephilim and the offspring of the true vessels of Michael and Heylel, who you know as Lucifer. Not to mention I’m the son of an archangel. Crowley had options, none of them good for us. He could have dissected us and used us for spell components, harnessed our power to increase the power of his demon hordes, jump-start another apocalypse since we still fit the prophecy, used us as leverage to get you guys to back off so he could keep collecting souls. Limey bastard was still pissy about losing his throne in Hell after Lucifer’s release from the cage.”
Dean growled at that, finishing his beer and throwing the bottle into the trash before stomping out of the room. Unfortunately, Sammy and Gabe followed him, his brother asking him a dozen questions about his foul mood.
Dean grabbed a beer from the fridge, leaning against it as he popped the top and chugged. He listened as Cas played the piece again, slower, hitting the correct notes this time. He played it again and again, a little faster each time, until he got to the correct tempo. Dean tossed his empty bottle in the trash as he just leaned back, closed his eyes, and listened until Cas played it over and over until it was flawless. And when it was, Dean smiled, picturing his mom in the other room playing.
“Yup. And don’t even full-name me, it hasn’t worked since I was 10. And the puppy eyes don’t work on me either.” He crossed his arms stoically.
"I honestly don't know. He's human, it might not affect him the same way," he told her, taking Cas in his arms.
When they arrived at the cage, they saw Lucifer sitting in one corner and MJ and Bobby sitting in the opposite corner, Bobby laying down with his head on his cousin’s lap while she stroked his hair. Crowley stood back as the other four men rushed up to the cage. When MJ saw them, she shook Bobby until he sat up.
“I get it Dad, I really do. Don’t you dare apologize, because I don’t blame you. You couldn’t fix it and you didn’t have any answers.” He set the guitar down, climbed off the bed, and hugged his dad. “It’s okay.”
“What big plans?” Sam asked at the same time Dean said, “we’ll make it in time.” Sam looked at Dean, puzzled. Dean just gave him a smug smile.
“Oh? What did you have in mind?” Sam got down from the ladder and draped his arms over Gabriel’s shoulders, dropping a kiss to his lips.
." Dean stood up and threw the blanket over the back of the couch. "You and Cas?" Dean was pretty sure what the answer was when Sam started turning ten shades of red, and rather than continue the conversation, he opted to go check on their resident angel. Sam followed quietly, willing the flush to subside before they reached Cas' room.
It took Gabriel another hour or so of thinking before he felt ready to head back in. Dean made a lot of sense, and it took him a while to figure out how to handle how he felt about what the hunter had said. He couldn’t really be the Trickster anymore, not full time anyways. People deserved justice without it being turned into a joke. And he couldn’t ignore Sam while he went off trying to fix everything, he loved Sam and that wasn’t fair to him. He’d need to find a balance.
), Sam popped the cap and slicked up his cock. Face to face now, they stroked themselves to full hardness under each other's gaze.
“And I take it you two are cousins, not brother and sister?” Sam laughed, starting to notice similar mannerisms between MJ and Dean, as well as similar facial features-viridian green eyes, freckles, cupid’s bow mouth.
” Dean asked him, suddenly feeling very wary. He pushed off the counter and approached Gabriel. “What’s going on, man? You look all smug about something, and that never means anything good.”
stamped onto the cover. “Like I said, we’re from twenty years in the future. We’re the only two Nephilim on Earth, and we’ve been running for almost a year. The angels look at us like abominations, demons look at us like spell components, and everyone else looks at us like a power bar. We used the same spell Henry Winchester used to get here, but instead of going forward like he did, we went backwards, looking for a place we could catch our breath.” He tapped the book twice. “My dad and I have been going through Chuck’s work, both published and unpublished, compiling a condensed version of your stories. This is all the important stuff.” He slid the book towards Sam nervously.
They landed just outside of Lucifer’s cage in Hell. Bobby quickly set down the boxes he was holding and told MJ he’d be back for her in a couple hours, not wanting to stay any longer than he had to. He didn’t know what MJ saw in their Uncle, but that didn’t mean he had to stick around for their little visit.
Sam yawned and stretched his arms over his head. “Merry Christmas,” he told Gabriel, dropping his arms over the angel’s shoulders and leaning down for a quick kiss. “Now spill. I know you’ve got something planned.”
The baby girls were sleeping lined up on the couch, bookended by their dads, who had their arms stretched out over the back with their fingers intertwined. Dean and Castiel had spread out the baby blanket that Gabriel had made for Sammy so long ago, the embroidered angel trap holding up over the years. They had Sammy sitting up between them, playing with his hands and wings as the baby cooed and giggled. MJ was snuggled into Kevin’s side, hands linked and resting their heads against each other. Bobby sat between Claire and Mary, flipping through photos on his tablet that he had taken of his family over the past year while in 2017.
“Oh, I don’t mind at all, Cas,” Dean said with a lecherous grin and another kiss. “Wanna do anything special?”
They knocked on the door, and one of Crowley’s demons opened the sliding window and asked for the password. Dean gestured for Sam to step up, saying, “I did it last time.” Sam rolled his eyes and sang the first verse of Camptown Ladies before the demon closed the sliding window and opened the door. Dean slapped his back and said, “great job dude” before stepping inside, the rest following.
He shook that thought out of his head. This wasn’t the kind of music Cas liked at all, so there was no way he’d consider playing it. Best to get that thought out of his head right now. Maybe he shook his head a little too hard, because he thought he heard it rattling.
"That's amazing! From Advanced Placement to Prophet of the Lord to the Scribe of God," Sam said, "your mom must be proud of you."
Gabriel sobbed, the wound on Sam's chest healed but no life in his body. He felt Sam's soul between his blood-stained fingers and held on tight. "Don't you dare leave me now, Sam," Gabriel cried softly. "Don't you go anywhere. I need you, gorgeous, please don't go."
That provoked another thought in Castiel’s mind. In all of the research he had done, he had found many stories, many sexual deviances, which reminded him much of what Dean had done under Alistair’s tutelage in Hell. Could it be possible that such torture could be turned around, twisted, so that the opposite effect is achieved? That such precision and patience could bring a more delicious torture? He knew he could trust Dean in this, but could Dean trust himself? It was a notion worth exploring.
"Let me clear my schedule for the afternoon, I have a feeling that this story is gonna require a few beers."
“Don’t worry about it, Uncle Dean,” Bobby said with a wave of his hand. “You and Uncle Cas aren’t nearly as bad as Dad and Pops.”
“Well, it ain’t you, Hot Stuff,” Dean quipped, tugging on Cas’ belt loop. “Just didn’t find anyone who floats your boat?”
Sam nodded, pulling the rings out of his pocket. He held them in his outstretched palm and recited “
"Doing so good for me, angel. Just relax and let me take care of you." He rotated his wrist a bit as he kept working his fingers in and out. When they slid in easily, he started spreading his fingers apart to make room. One of his fingers brushed up against something inside of him and Cas nearly shot off the bed.
" the pollen landed on the blood, causing a wet, sticky explosion followed by a flash of light. Gabriel continued herding everyone out of the room and shut the door behind them, but it was too late.
Castiel nodded, but as he touched the inside of her thighs, the woman shot up, screaming. Quickly, Cas tapped her forehead with two fingers and knocked her back out, the woman falling limply into Gabriel’s arms. He continued his ministrations delicately,
Just before the end of rehearsal, the door to the hall opened and Rufus Turner, the chairman of the Board of Directors, entered. He stood and watched as they finished before approaching the conductor with several file folders. The rest of the orchestra whispered nervously amongst themselves, speculating on the hushed conversation.
Present Dean rushed to Cas' other side and looked down at the baby boy resting in his angel's arms. He ran his fingers over the soft fuzz on the top of his head before kissing him. Then he leaned over and kissed Cas on the lips sweetly. Dean from the past blushed at the intimate act. "What are you guys gonna name him?" he asked his future self.
“I am unsure if she is mocking us or encouraging us,” Castiel said, clearing his throat, “but I am decidedly uncomfortable with your mother witnessing us expressing our affection for each other.” Dean laughed and pulled Cas back into his embrace. The two men just stood there holding each other, smiling into each other’s necks. With a brief squeeze before stepping back, Castiel tapped Dean on the forehead with two fingers, flying them back to their room and next to their bed.
Bobby acted on what everyone was thinking; he strode straight up to Chuck and nailed him in the chin with a hard right hook. Chuck’s head barely moved, but it let back just slightly. Rubbing his jaw, Chuck just smiled at Bobby.
“Let me call Crowley, Dad,” MJ asked. “If he won’t give me the information over the phone then we’ll just have him keep tabs on Lucifer until we have a more solid plan in place. It’s not ideal, but if it will make you feel better, I’m willing to go slower on this.”
“Oh holy Scribe of God, get your skinny ass down here. I promise I’m not gonna kill you, but we need to talk.” After a minute of nothing happening, Dean shrugged his shoulders and put his hands up in a ‘now what?’ manner. Gabriel motioned with his hand for him to continue.
,” Dean stage-whispered loudly, waving Kevin over with the hand not wrapped around Cas. When Kevin got too close, Dean grabbed him and wrapped his free arm around Kevin’s shoulder, pulling the kid down next to him on the couch. Holding up his and Castiel’s left hands, he stuck them in Kevin’s face and said, “check it out dude, we’re married!” Kevin’s smile mirrored the huge grin spread across Dean’s face.
Dean let out a choked sob and pulled Cas into his arms. Cas held him like he was the most precious thing in the world as he cried, because yes, Dean was the most precious thing to Cas.
Castiel bristled at that. He was not fond of this woman at all, and sharing any information with her seemed a betrayal of trust. Dean must have sensed this because the hand resting on Cas’ hip came up to stroke him up and down his spine, trying to relax him.
Sam was losing hope. Worse yet, he was losing faith. He prayed to God constantly over the last four days, hoping Chuck would hear and find it in him to cut his little family reunion short to save Gabriel and their unborn child, but he had no indication that he had even been heard. He moved restlessly through the bunker from one pile of research to the next. He barely slept or ate, digging through book after book and file after file between attacks. Castiel had opened his bond with Dean somewhat in order to keep him healthy as he worked non-stop to try finding Gabriel, but Sam had no such help and was due to crash hard if he didn’t slow down and take a break soon.
"I think it came with the wings," Gabriel said proudly. "Two pair," he said holding up two fingers. "One pair less than an archangel, one more than any other angel. Kevin geeked out on that one, said he's copyrighting the term ArchNephilim."
Mary ran around the table and wrapped her arms around the girl, smoothing her hair down and shushing her. “It’s ok sweetie, we’re here, we’ll help you.” She looked at her boys pointedly, trying to get them to figure this out before the girl (her granddaughter?) started crying.
“That doesn’t answer the first question Cassie,” Gabriel said suggestively, nudging Castiel’s shoulder with his own. “Did you and Deano do the horizontal tango?”
MJ was able to calm herself somewhat, although at this point she had tears streaming down her face. “Okay,” she said, then was interrupted by another fit of giggles. “Okay,” she tried again, “One year for Valentine’s Day, I think Bobby as twelve and I was fourteen, you and Papa were babysitting us because Uncle Sam and Uncle Gabe went out. You and Papa were kind enough not to start your celebration until after Bobby and I went to sleep, but you didn’t count on him getting up in the middle of the night for something to drink.” She stopped herself from giggling again. “Let’s just say, what he saw required lots of brain bleach.”
The kids and Lucifer stood in the middle of an angel trap on the grounds where St. Mary’s Convent used to stand in Ilchester, Maryland. They released his arms and stepped outside the trap; MJ taking a seat in front of him on the ground with her legs crossed while Bobby just paced in short strides.
“I’m not sure, Dean. I thought it may be due to the circumstances and bringing him back through time. Gabriel is a romantic though; he believes the strength of our bond may have fused our soul and grace more tightly, making Sammy something entirely new and different.” Cas shrugged again and pulled Sammy from Dean’s lap, flying him around like an airplane complete with engine noises. Dean loved seeing Cas like this.
“I’m not good at this kinda shit Cas. I’ve always been ‘suck it up and get the job done’, you know? And I’ve always done that with Sam. It’s always been just me and him, and no matter what shit we put each other through, we got through it. And it worked, because anytime we let anyone else get too close to us…” he trailed off with a frown. He looked down at their hands, clasped together. “Then you came along. Blew us all right outta the water. You were weird, you acted like a dick, then it turned out the other angels were way worse than you.”
Without angel-warded restraints, Gabriel was able to summon his angel blade. He would twist his wrist to slice the restraints and-
archangel, usually since Sam benefited from it. This time, Dean couldn’t wait to see the look on his little brother’s face. As he thought about it, a smile spread across his face and he’d pushed the speedometer from 80 to 90.
“Maybe some other time,” Castiel hedged. It did sound like fun, but was unsure how Dean would react to him invading another part of his life like that.
He quietly set the air horn down on the nightstand and then gently picked up the photo book, trying not to disturb MJ. He moved closer to the door where he had light to see the photos. It looked like a family photo album, notes written in black Sharpie on the sleeve of each picture.
“Yeah?” Dean was beyond frustrated. He raked his hand through his hair, yelling at Gabriel. “What are you gonna do that we haven’t already tried?”
raise him from perdition and rebuilt his body atom by atom, and already knew every part of him inside and out. On the other hand, Cas didn't know him
At ‘hunter extraordinaire’, Dean whipped his head to look at his daughter, fear and anger warring for his attention. “I let you hunt?” He turned to Cas. “You let me let her hunt?”
Dean hadn’t thought of that before. Most of the time he forgot about how old Castiel and Gabriel really were. And though he heard Cas and Gabe refer to each other as brothers, he had always chalked it up to an angel thing, referring to all angels as brothers and sisters. He pictured Gabriel as a big brother like himself, caring for his little brother. It made him think of Gabriel in a completely different way.
“Oh, stow it, you evil bastard. You know I love you, but I wanna get home.” She sat cross-legged in front of the cage, Lucifer following suit and mimicking her position. “And then there’s the newest development. Looks like I’m immune to spells and angel powers now, too. Even if the spell works for Bobby, there’s no way for me to get back.”
"This isn't what it looks like," Dean said, stepping towards the woman with his hands up defensively.
“I believe if we can set the terms of the meeting we can keep her safe,” Castiel said, just as Dean said, “Oh,
Castiel opened his eyes, pupils blown with barely a ring of blue left. He blinked a few times before responding, "I don't think I can."
Sam growled against Gabriel's lips and pushed him against the wall. With no space left between them, he could feel Gabriel's erection against his thigh. He grabbed the shorter man by the backs of his thighs and lifted him up against the wall, Gabriel wrapping his arms around Sam's neck and legs around his waist for balance, rubbing their dicks against each other through their jeans.
“Awwww Deano,” Gabriel said, ruffling Dean’s hair and earning him a dirty look. “You’ve still got me! I’m not too shabby in the feelings department either, and I’ve got connections. We’ll fix this PDQ, don’t you worry.”
Dean stripped down and stood under the hot spray, letting the water soothe his sore muscles. The hunt wasn't particularly rough, but he slept like shit last night. He wanted to blame it on the crappy sub-standard motel mattress, but he knew it was because Cas wasn't there next to him. He knew he was becoming dependent on his angel for his wellbeing, but the only thing that worried him was that he wasn't worried about it. There was a lot more to this bond thing than he originally assumed. He'd just have to ask Cas about it later. For now, he was going to enjoy a good night's sleep.
This declaration startled everyone. To Sam and Dean’s knowledge, the only threat left facing the kids in the future were the Grigori, and the Men of Letters wouldn’t stand a chance against one of them. “Keep talking,” Dean said neutrally.
Castiel let himself into his loft apartment and locked the door behind him. The place was just as empty and sterile as his mother’s house, but he didn’t mind too much. He set his cello next to the front door, toed off his shoes, and headed to his sanctuary, his bedroom. This was the one room that made the loft feel like home to Castiel, with its framed prints of bees landing on various flowers, a bookshelf overflowing with classics, and his turntable and collection of records. He thoughtfully pulled one record from its sleeve and put it on the player, Gershwin’s
" Gabriel yelled, just as Dean's thumb accidentally pushed the cork into the bottle. The liquid almost instantly evaporated and the particles puffed out of the bottle as soon as the cork hit it. Sam and Castiel both dropped what they were holding in order to wave the particles away from them. The glass jar holding the blood shattered, the saint's bone landing in it. Just as Gabriel yelled "
Sam wondered if four-year-old Dean was this focused when Sam himself was a baby. He imagined his brother as a little boy, sitting on a couch feeding his baby brother a bottle or changing a diaper or putting him to sleep. Whenever he thought about these things he got mad at their dad all over again, but this time he pushed those feelings aside so he could focus on Dean and what he needed now. He just hoped his brother wouldn't get angry when he saw what they all had planned.
Finishing with the lower rows of feathers, Dean gently carded his fingers through them, smoothing them into place. Cas gave a little shiver and pushed his head into the crook of Dean's neck. "This okay Cas?" Dean asked softly, placing a kiss on the angel's forehead. Castiel just nodded and the boys continued their ministrations on his wings.
As Cas let his grace dim back to what passed as normal, Dean leaned over and kissed him on the cheek. “Thanks, Cas,” he whispered.
“Dean,” Cas whispered, “please don’t.” Dean just shushed him and said, “let me take it, angel.” Castiel realized this is what Dean did. When the elder Winchester felt helpless, he tried to fix everything. Now Dean was trying to fix him. This was what Dean needed right now, to not feel like he couldn’t do anything for anyone, so Cas let him breach his defenses.
Once behind closed doors, Dean and Cas fell into each other’s arms, each kissing the other like a starving man and their lover a buffet. Dean’s hands rucked up Cas’ shirt, itching for the smooth skin underneath, each drag of his fingertips eliciting small gasps from his angel. He alternated pressure, using palms and fingernails, tracing circles and dragging lines until Cas was squirming against him. When Cas moved to undo Dean’s belt and pants, Dean followed his lead until they had slipped their hands into each other’s boxers, palming and stroking each other’s erections. Each stroke had them panting and groaning, and on one particular upstroke Cas threw his head back and let out a loud moan.
"Okay, okay!" he said quickly, a hand reaching out to stop Cas from leaving the room. "What do you want me to do?"
It was perfect. Dean was the most delicious thing Castiel had ever tasted. He never wanted it to end. It wasn’t near enough time to savor the man’s plush, wet lips before Dean pulled back, sucking in a large breath.
“Dean,” Castiel said quietly, squeezing Dean’s hand. This time, he did shrug Cas off. Pushing himself off the counter, he looked Castiel in the eyes with a new resolve. “No, Cas,” he said, knowing that platitudes couldn’t change the past. “This is on us. We did this. And now we’re gonna end it before anyone else gets killed.” Cas nodded at that, and Dean walked away.
MJ snapped her fingers in front of Dean a couple times, but he didn’t even flinch. “Hey Uncle Gabe, I think you broke Dad.” She gave him a little shove; he went back but then his body came right back to where it was, still without Dean responding.
As an hour passed, Dean and Sam made good work of Castiel's wings, fixing the ones they could and gently removing the ones Cas said had to go, Cas becoming more and more affectionate throughout the process. When Dean finished with the feathers on his side, the wing looked significantly better and Cas seemed to feel less self-conscious about the appendages. Dean started in on Cas' back where the wing joint was attached, using firm pressure to relieve tension in the muscles there. He wasn't prepared for the pornographic moan that escaped Cas' lips, or the angel suddenly climbing into his lap and wrapping his wings around them.
"She's my daughter, of course she knows what she's doing. And when she comes back, I'll ground her ass."
Despite having the spell practically memorized from using it to get to 2017, Bobby still had the book open in front of him, following the instructions to the letter and walking his dad through every step of the spell. When it was ready, MJ shouldered both her and Sammy’s bags and held Sammy close. Bobby used MJ’s silver knife to draw blood from his palm and draw the first sigil on a closet door down the bunker’s hallway. Once that was done, he took the bowl of ingredients from Gabriel, set it on the floor, lit a match, and dropped it in. It made the expected puff of smoke, smelled right, but the sigil on the door didn’t glow. Perplexed, Bobby opened the door and found it was still a closet and not a way back to 2037.
MJ nodded. “Yeah. And I left a note for Dad. Better to beg forgiveness than ask permission with him, ya know?” That made Bobby laugh, knowing all too well how true that was with his Uncle Dean.
Lucifer crossed his arms over his chest and shook his head. “Little girl, you are the first person to talk to me who didn’t want something from me. Well, other than to leave your family alone, but that’s beside the point. You tried talking me down, you came to visit; you still treat me like
He was right. Somehow, he found the kind of strength and faith in Gabriel that he could never find in himself. He believed himself too damaged to be loved like this, but an archangel saw past everything to who he was and loved him anyways. And he loved Gabriel right back, with such a ferocity it scared him sometimes. And it all happened when he wasn’t even paying attention. It grew like a weed-no, like one of those creeping vines that you could never get rid of, and he chuckled at the thought. Now, he couldn’t fathom a life without Gabriel. Love wasn’t a big enough word for how he felt, and no matter what language he searched he couldn’t find exactly how to say what he felt.
“No direct attacks on either line, but if they’re injured as a result of their own actions then they’re fair game,” Crowley countered, “and I won’t even ask for a kiss, we can sign a contract.”
They all agreed with Dean's sentiment and slowly proceeded to get their asses in gear. It was time to end all of this.
Castiel smiled back at him. “As am I, Dean.” He squeezed Dean’s hand before releasing it and standing. “I’m glad you’re feeling better. I’ll get some pies to take home with us while you finish up.”
Gabriel was absolutely thrilled and grinning ear to ear. The studio offered a half hour lesson before the dance actually began, teaching them a basic waltz and quickstep. Gabriel insisted that Sam lead, although Gabriel already had lots of experience with ballroom dancing. After a few initial stumbles, Sam eventually got the hang of it and the two spun around the dance floor in time to the music, which was provided by an actual orchestra.
The Winchesters themselves did not sit idle. They too attacked known Thule locations across the United States, Castiel flying them wherever the next battle was. They refused to let MJ or Bobby join their fights, saying that it would be too easy for them to be captured as well. Bobby had offered to trade himself for Gabriel; at least he would be able to fight back where his Pops couldn’t. Sam vetoed that idea immediately, seconded by everyone else in the bunker.
And that was how their first family Fourth of July picnic officially ended, with both brothers bonded to their angels, their mom and their kids looking at them with love and hope in their eyes.
The weeks went by both too quickly and too slowly for Castiel. He fell into a routine with Dean, practicing the pieces Sam wrote for the benefit show twice a week, although their Friday night practices usually devolved into what his cousin would refer to as “hanging out”. And much to his frustration, Dean hadn’t made another move on him, granting him nothing more than some stolen touches and looks that combined confusion and unadulterated lust. While nice, it wasn’t enough for Castiel anymore.
Sam took a few more gulps of air before he replied with a one-shoulder shrug, "sounds like a tie." Dean snorted and said, "sounds like something is still making us do shit."
came up for air, he told them all, "Not only are we gonna wanna fuck each other's brains out, if we don't neutralize this shit with each other's love juice, we're all gonna die. YOU. MORON."
The room was quiet for just a moment before Gabe jumped up and Cas, kissing him on the cheek. “That’s why I love you, Cassie! I love that big brain of yours!” Gabe did a little happy dance that made everyone laugh before plopping himself squarely in Sam’s lap. “Think you could put together a show’s worth of pieces like that, Sammich?”
“It was a beautiful, thriving city, full of life,” a voice said from behind him. Gabriel didn’t move, didn’t react. “We were happy here. We had wives, children, families. Our Father was wrong to destroy that.”
It took entirely too long for Sam’s liking to get over the withdrawal symptoms and be able to be around Gabriel again. He had to stay strapped to the bed for the first few days. Castiel came in a couple times on that first day to tap two fingers to his forehead to clean him and empty his bladder. Just that little bit of grace was enough to set Sam off, so Dean took over the care and feeding of his brother. Cas and the kids took Gabriel on a minivacation when they decided to remove Sam’s restraints, just so he wouldn’t be tempted. Sam felt pretty much over the withdrawal now, though he missed Gabriel fiercely.
temperatures soaring past 110 degrees, she prayed. She hadn’t prayed since she was a little girl, but she didn’t know what else to do. She had joined the Army to protect her country, her family, families like hers, from all threats foreign and domestic. She had always been protective of those she loved, and this was a natural extension of that for her. So even as she lay broken, bruised and bleeding in a foreign country, she prayed her platoon was safe. Even though they were the ones that did this to her.
Dean didn’t know how to continue, so they sat silently for a few minutes, listening to the sounds of the forest around them. Gabriel rolled Dean’s words around in his head. He could see the parallels Dean was drawing, agreed with them. He thought back to the time when he trapped Sam and Dean in TV land. Gabriel fought so hard to get those two to play their roles, get them to agree to Michael and Lucifer just so that he could see the fight between his brothers come to end. And Sam and Dean fought against it, to save each other and to protect the rest of humanity from the destruction the fight would bring. They taught Gabriel that sometimes the obvious answer isn’t always the only one. So if the obvious answer here, listening to and weeding out every prayer, wasn’t the only answer…
Dean lowered his mouth to Cas', feeling his angel's soft, slightly chapped lips under his own. It didn't feel weird or awkward like he thought it would. It felt
Dean jumped a mile and dropped the photo book when the air horn went off. He looked up to see MJ sitting cross-legged on her bed, her arms crossed over her chest and looking perturbed.
“That was almost a year ago for us,” Bobby continued. “We’d split up, switching up into groups of one kid, one Winchester, and one angel, always on the move so no one would find us. The angels figured that out and kinda herded us together, trapping us in one of our safehouses. Uncle Sam told us about the spell Henry did and we came up with the plan to hide out in the past, try to come up with a plan to change the future since it wasn’t set in stone. I cast the spell, but when the time came, Uncle Cas shoved us through the door while you all stayed behind to buy us time so no one could follow us through.” He sighed, looking down at his hands. “And that brings us to here and now.”
he originally picked up. They left the store happy and laughing over conversation about favorite characters.
That same night, an archangel stood about a mile from Bagram, his angel blade at his side still dripping blood, where he had previously stood with a young woman who was looking to do the right thing, to prevent others from suffering the way she had, smiling grimly at the justice he found for her.
Gabriel was shaking his head vehemently at Cas, eyes wide and pleading, but Cas paid him no heed. “Gabriel is expecting.”
"Dammit!" Dean continued to stomp around the room, pissed off at everything. "Cas!" he yelled out, "you and the kids need to get back here now!"
Dean was just dozing off when he was startled awake by a muffled scream, followed by his brother yelling "God, Gabe, yes!" His eyes popped open and his heart was thudding in his chest.
"I gotcha Sammy," Dean said against Sam's neck, trailing kisses across the soft skin. He let go of Sam's cock long enough to free his own and lined them up, taking both in one hand. Dean knew it was what Sammy needed when he cried out and arched into Dean's touch. Dean's hand moved faster and faster, stripping their dicks as theirs hearts pounded against each other's chests and their lungs burned for more oxygen. Their hips stuttered into Dean's fist as first Sam, then Dean, came in a hot, sticky mess.
“That was the plan, but I thought you’d already have something made,” Gabriel replied, taking Castiel’s seat and scrolling through his browser history. “Did you actually spend the day on the internet instead of following your meticulous schedule?” Castiel turned to face Gabriel and nodded slightly, a faint blush rising in his cheeks. Gabriel just grinned and said, “you rebel,” before turning back to Castiel’s laptop.
“That’s not the point!” Gabriel huffed out a breath, exasperated. “It’s not about the destination, it’s about the journey. The Japanese call it kokoro, the integration of spirit, body, and mind. It’s about trust and touch and it’s erotic and with our bond any minor
“I’ve known a lot of people in my lifetime,” Gabriel told Sam solemnly, “but none of their souls shined as brightly or as beautifully as yours, and I thank my Father every day that I found you. You are my world, Sam, and you are the greatest blessing I’ve ever received.”
Gabriel was sitting in the ER waiting room at Kansas City Memorial hospital. He’d be pacing if his legs didn’t hurt so bad. His entire body was sore, and his head was killing him. He had about five stitches on the side where his head went through the driver-side window.
Sam took Cas' moan as a challenge, taking his place behind Gabriel. He didn't even bother with the lube, knowing that the archangel was still sloppy from earlier. Looking straight at Dean he unzipped his jeans, pulled his erection out, and in one quick move buried himself to the hilt in Gabriel's ass, making the archangel scream.
By the time Cas got to Dean, he had lost copious amount of blood and his pulse was thready and barely there. He laid his hands on the hunter’s wounds and watched as his grace sealed the gash, but he could do nothing about the blood loss. He held the unconscious man to his chest as MJ joined them, wrapping her arms around both of them with tears streaming down her face. At her contact, Cas flew them all back to the bunker.
Dean reached to push in the cassette that was in the tape deck but MJ beat him to it, pulling it out and producing an old cassette labeled ‘MJ’s road mix’. “Daughter picks the music, Daddy shuts his cakehole!” she announced gleefully as she pushed it in.
"Gabriel, PLEASE! Do whatever you want to me, fuck me, blow me, whatever the fuck you were doing before, just let me come!" Dean was pleading now, no shame, tears running down his face. He wanted release more than anything by this point. And that was all Gabriel wanted from him, to take him down a peg and make him beg for what he wanted. With a flick of his wrist, grace flooded Dean's system, causing his entire body to ignite and tip him over the precipice. Dean came harder and longer than he ever had before. As Gabriel released his hold on him, Dean slumped to the ground and rolled to his side.
Gabriel stepped up and held his hand out to the young angel. "I'm Gabriel, it's good to meet you. The Winchesters have spoken highly of you." Kevin shook the archangel's hand, a little in awe.
“Stubborn bastard,” Dean mumbled, setting his phone down. Just as he got comfortable and unpaused the movie, there was a loud banging on the front door.
Dean paused the show and turned to his nephew. “Hey Bobby,” he asked, “what was up with that wild horseshoe throw that almost killed Baby?” Bobby squeezed his eyes shut, trying not to think about it, while MJ cackled like a witch.
“Because I’m an archangel,” he grinned, “I get special privileges. But seriously, time is fluid. Every day they’re here, their own future fluctuates. The more they tell you guys, the more of a chance they mess with your free will and their own timeline. By telling you guys the bare minimum, they’re allowing you guys to continue making your own choices without feeling trapped by what you’d feel you’d have to do in order to keep their timeline intact. Does that make any sense?”
“They could jump you before you do,” Gabriel said softly. “I didn’t patch you up so you could get yourself killed, you know.”
A few hours later they were showered, dressed, caffeinated, fed, and headed into the hospital. Castiel watched fondly as Dean practically bounced over to the nurse’s station to get an update.
started, Dean nodded his head to the music for a few measures before joining in, pounding out the beat. His attack on the drumset was brutal, but it gave him a better outlet for his anger than grabbing the bottle of Johnnie Walker Black he had sitting in the kitchen. He was so for that for the weekend, but no way was he gonna give Cas the satisfaction of showing up at practice tomorrow with a screaming hangover.
Gabriel walked over to Cas and handed him his son. Sammy latched onto him with a “Pa!” and patted Cas’ cheeks, then started pulling at them, making Cas smile.
She didn’t realize not telling them everything they wanted to know would be so exhausting. They were Team Free Will though, and she had to follow the rules Uncle Gabe gave her and Bobby before they came back to this time. She pulled a photo from her back pocket, not old but worn and creased from where she kept it almost all the time. A photo of better times.
practically glued his eyes shut. He reached up and put one finger to his lips for the men to be quiet before he proceeded to rub his eyes.
Dean jumped, startled, dropping the plate he was washing back into the soapy water. “Dammit Cas!” he said, looking over his shoulder. “Do you like scaring the crap outta me or something?” Cas’ lips quirked in the corner of his mouth. Dean looked at him with a playful smile on his face. “You do, don’t you? You get a kick outta sneaking up on me.”
Dean sucked in a breath and forced the tears back down. He rubbed at his eyes with the heels of his palms and took a few deep breaths to steady himself. Then he put his hands on his daughter's shoulders, looked her in the eyes, and said "we're gonna fix this shit. I promise you, we're gonna make this right."
Gabriel stood, laughing. “That’s one hell of a party trick. Now I know the easiest way to get you in bed,” he said waggling his eyebrows at Sam, making him join in the laughter.
"Yes," Cas replied. "Angel fledglings are nourished solely by grace, whereas Nephilim need both physical and spiritual nourishment. You felt him pulling on my grace through the bond."
Gabriel was practically bouncing with excitement. He’d seen a few shibari performances in his time on Earth and found it utterly fascinating. Boredom had prompted him to study it more, learning the different styles of ties and knots. He’d even practiced a
"You're not insane," Castiel told her, still gripping her shoulder. "I believe that your immersion in fantasy in order to protect yourself, combined with your complete faith in the characters you clearly love, has powered the fragments of your soul and allowed them to slip between realities. That's how you have been able to affect us."
as a punk with piercings and colored hair." He turned the laptop around to show Dean pictures that only vaguely resembled himself. "It's a good look on you," Gabriel said with a wink, referring to the picture with a blue mohawk, muttonchop sideburns, a nose ring, a labret under his lip, and a t-shirt that said
He gave a few short thrusts until he found Sam's prostate, then just slowly rocked his hips, massaging it with the tip of his dick. Gabriel continued kissing Sam's back and massaged his thigh with his other hand. The assault on Sam's senses made every breath that escaped him a soft, breathy moan. Without a change in pace and without stimulation to his own aching cock, he came with his angel's name on his lips. Gabriel continued thrusting through Sam's orgasm, the clench of his muscles milking Gabriel's own release from him.
Sam groaned. Gabriel was a tease, but he loved it. He finished showering quickly; he wanted to get Gabriel’s ‘plans’ out of the way so they could move on to his ‘plans’ for the rest of the night.
"I guess? I've never really thought about it." Sam was getting uncomfortable with the conversation, but he couldn't seem to stop himself. "Everyone seems to have a preference, either length or girth, but the general consensus is that bigger is better."
Mary squeezed MJ one more time before letting her go, fishing out a loose pair of jeans and a blouse for MJ to put on until everyone vacated her room and she could get her own clothes. “You’re going to have to face them,” Mary said. “But keep in mind that they love you, okay?” MJ nodded, and they went to find MJ’S dads.
“Absolutely not, Gabriel,” Castiel said. It was the weekend following his pyrrhic victory of a chair challenge. He and Dean were colder to each other than before, causing more headaches to the conductor and the rest of the orchestra for their growing inability to work together.
Gabriel pulled Chuck in for a tight hug. “Thanks, Dad.” Chuck pulled Castiel into the hug and embraced his angels. After a moment, they all let go. Gabriel looked over his shoulder and said with a smile, “get your stuff kiddos, you’re going home.”
Sam opened his eyes. Gabriel’s face was about an inch away. He wasn’t smirking like Sam thought he would be, gloating over his small victory. Instead, Gabriel’s smile was soft, his eyes kind instead of teasing and
After coming up for air from another kiss, Dean pinned a look on Gabriel and asked, “so, when are you going to make an honest man of my baby brother?” Sam snorted with a mouthful of beer at that, giving his brother a bitchface and making everyone laugh.
For the next half hour, he listened to his family tell him how worried they were about him, that he became too focused on taking care of Sammy and not taking better care of himself. They told him they needed him to be there for MJ and Bobby as well, and that he was an important part of fixing the timeline for all three kids. They all offered to help take care of the baby so that Dean could do what needed to be done. He wasn't on his own, everything didn't fall solely on his shoulders, and for the first time in ever he actually felt like it.
Dean just grinned at him, watching Cas prop himself up on his elbows to watch Dean’s hand on his crotch. With a quirked eyebrow, he asked, “mind if I…?”
"Good morning, gorgeous," Gabriel whispered into Sam's back, smiling. Sam just chuckled, then whined as his lover pulled out of him and moved to get out of their bed. Sam quickly rolled over and trapped him in his arms, pressing a kiss to his lips. Gabriel reached around and slapped Sam's ass to get him to let go and was a little surprised at the small shudder and soft moan that escaped from Sam, involuntarily arching back for more. Gabriel quirked an eyebrow at him and said, "that was a very interesting reaction Sammich, and one I definitely want to explore, but we need to get up. We have a big day ahead of us!"
… with my daughter! How the hell was I supposed to react to that?” He twisted the top off of another bottle of beer and chugged half of it before slamming it back down on the table.
“I still feel totally unprepared to raise an angel,” Dean told Cas. “I feel like I’m never gonna be able to take care of him and protect him like he deserves. Hell, I can’t even see his wings. What am I gonna do if he hurts them?”
Sam had been feeling down in the dumps since the kids left; he missed Bobby already. Gabriel had been bummed, too, but he had gotten over it, telling Sam that they had bigger and better things ahead of them and to enjoy the ride.
“You wouldn’t believe this guy, Cassie,” Gabriel gushed. “I could climb him like a fucking tree. He’s absolutely gorgeous. And he’s all mine for a few hours every Monday night. Doesn’t even give the waitresses a second glance. I think I’m in love!” Gabriel threw an arm across his forehead, pretending to swoon.
“Get on with what?” Lucifer asked cockily. “You want to have your say too? You want to tell me how much you hate me because your dad is my true vessel, the only one I won’t wear out? You want to have an emo moment of your own?”
“Does it matter?” Castiel hedged. He was unsure how Gabriel would react to the news he was pursuing his boyfriend’s brother.
Castiel gave a smug smile and sat back down next to Dean on the bed, tucking his wings behind him. He grabbed the bottle of lube from where Sam left it on the nightstand. He lay down next to Dean, tucking into his side, and placed the lube bottle between them to let their body heat warm it up. He snaked one arm under Dean's head and let his other hand trail up and down Dean's bare skin, goosebumps popping up under his touch. Castiel enjoyed Dean's reaction to him, and seeking out more he reached down to cup Dean's balls in his hand, gently fondling them while his thumb lightly brushed against the base of his cock.
“It’s not a bad thing, Cas. Not at all. I mean. I went from not liking or trusting you, to liking you, to trusting you, to loving you like a brother, to loving you as more than that. I’m totally, head over heels
“It’s still early in the day, Love,” Cas said, getting up to stop Dean from pacing. He stood behind the man to massage some of the tension out of his shoulders. “They left 2017 in the evening, so there’s a good chance they won’t be back for a few more hours.
“Sam!” Gabriel said, grabbing a discarded shirt and wiping away the slickness between his legs. Sam rolled to his back and looked up at his angel. “We need to stop,” he said as he pulled on a pair of boxers, some Grateful Dead tie-dye lounge pants, and a clean white undershirt. “Go take a shower and get some real food.” Gabriel gave him a hard glare as he very humanly stumbled out of the room and shut the door firmly behind him.
"NO!" "NOPE!" Sam and Gabriel said simultaneously, and just a little too quickly. "How about you guys?" Sam asked. "You run into any problems?"
Gabriel was impressed, and that wasn’t easy to do. Kid must have either had connections or learned to use his mojo, because he was pulling off shit for this date that even Gabriel might have had trouble doing, and he was an archangel.
Dean had seen his kids dance so much, whether it was at home in socks on the tiles of the kitchen or a few times a year on stage. He didn’t know if they particularly good at it from a professional point of view, nor did he care. All that mattered to him was how both of them looked so happy when they span around and jumped and endlessly practiced their
Long hair, similar age to Dean (?), but definitely a trained individual. Another of Toni’s crew here to finish the job?
Damnit. Dean had promised himself not to break, not now, not ever. He'll drown himself in booze and hunts but he will not cry, pray or scream, no matter what. He had tried it all, and Cas didn't come back to him. Maybe he'll get used to this feeling, he thought. Like a sound that goes on for so long you're not even able to hear it after a time. Maybe the ache will just go away at some point. To be honest, Dean hoped so.
Claire and Jack ate down at Missouri’s house while Dean was at work and she was the one who took them to their dance classes once a week -this woman was a gem- but no matter how much she had insisted to come and get them afterwards, Dean never let her. After their classes, his kids were monsters indeed, but they always looked so happy, laughing and constantly moving around, chasing each other on the walk back to the car… It was Dean’s favorite moment of the week.
Dean winced back and looked back at the class full of kids in front of him as Tessa told them a last goodbye and counted on them to be here next week. Knowing Krissy, she couldn’t have been gentle, this girl was fierce for her age and Dean knew in his experience that she didn’t like to be messed with. About a year ago after the class usual performance on stage, Dean had attempted to help her by taking off her ballet shoes as a he had volunteered to be one of the chaperons. The bite mark on his forearm he had kept for the next few hours had been a terrific demonstration of force. Every kid in the club was pretty much nice according to him, most parents were as well; except maybe that uptight-looking Naomi that always bragged about her daughter’s
Light started to emane from the Angel, blurring slightly his features, his head going to rest in Dean's arms as Castiel released his last breathe, still staring at him with his bright blue eyes where had now vanished any signs of life.
The hunter shook his head. He thought he would've felt better after that. He was wrong. The pain was still here. Now crouched, constantly, at the back of his mind, quietly eating him alive.
Dean blinked, once, twice, his breathing progressively slowing down to a more normal pace. Well, that had been something. Dean readied himself to move out of this strange numbness that had settled in his bones and took a slow step backwards.
The man tilted his head to the side, something Dean found absolutely adorable, and his expression slowly turning from puzzled to a softer, more curious one, before slowing reaching out.
Cas' face was white, and cold, and still. Tracks of dry blood covered some parts of his face. Dean couldn't bear to see him like that. As gently as he could, he erased every marks on his face.
When "All my Love" resonated through the headphones, Dean closed his eyes. And let himself dream, for the things he wish he'd done, the things he had wanted, and he prayed endlessly for his angel to come back, and save him again.
After killing the demon in front of him, Dean went deaf for a second, the sounds muffled and his vision became fuzzy. Fear and dread filled his mind at the thought of Cas. Cas hurt. Cas dying.
The first thing Dean noticed, was how beautiful he was. His body was on display for Dean to admire, the black tattoos and his dark, messy hair contrasting with his pale skin glistening with sweat in the light of the sun through the windows, the strong muscles of his arms and thighs as they flexed, the twitching visible through the skin. Dean couldn’t look away. He just
Dean gave a last nod to the sky, and turned back to the bunker, leaving behind him the warmth of the fire while a last word escaped him, carried by the wind, reminder of some painful memories and a new beginning.
Standing still, he saw Sam running closer toward Cas' body, silently and slowly falling to the ground. Sam called his name, trying to make him react in any way possible but Dean couldn't move. He just watched Sam trying to catch Cas in his fall, dirt now covering his clothes and his trenchcoat.
The bunker felt dimmer, more silent and still than usual when they got back, a little after 2 AM. One of Dean’s jackets was resting on the war room’s table, forgotten. Cas didn’t dare touch it. It suddenly occurred to him that Sam and himself would have to sort through Dean’s room, sometime. Sam took the jacket in his hands, holding it like the precious thing it was. Castiel could almost touch the pain radiating from Sam, and felt it mirrored in himself. It wasn’t fair, it wasn’t fair - not after everything they did. So, when Sam eventually looked up, tears all over his face, eyes red, broken; they made a decision.
that Dean caught himself repeating over their littles voices as he cooked dinner. And they were seriously adorable.
One day when the world wasn’t collapsing around them, when they would all be safe. When the time would come, he would be by Dean’s side, like always.
Sam just squinted a little, trying to remember before saying, “I don’t remember that, but it makes sense.” He pulled their joined hands up and kissed Gabe’s hand back. “Sorry about that,” he said sheepishly.
Once again, warning for non-con if that's how you see it. However, I think by now everyone is seeing a pattern of the guys not really minding this shit.
“Don’t worry about your dishes, Cas,” Dean told his friend. “You can pick them up next time you come over. You good for Friday again?”
Frustrated, Dean growled and threw his hands up in the air. “Fine, you can babysit him, bitch, I’ll see if Cas wants to do anything.”
Dean sheepishly rubbed the back of his neck. He couldn’t get Cas out of his head. If it were just Cas, it wouldn’t be a big deal, but now he’s gotta think about the fact that Cas is Sam’s boyfriend’s cousin. If shit hits the fan, things were gonna get real awkward, real quick.
dads, not yet anyways. It’s just weird and hard and messed up, and I hate not being able to act like myself around them. I hate hiding stuff from them.”
Sam just looked from his son to Gabriel and back again, mouth agape. He planted his hands on his hips and stared down Gabriel and shouted, “what the Hell kind of parent are you that our son treats you like this?”
“Not too shabby,” Dean replied with a smirk. “Enough to get a good hotel room and a decent meal. Or we could save it for the trip and stay in the hostel tonight.”
“Did you know this was going to happen?” Sam demanded of his son. Bobby tried to speak, but Sam was cutting off his windpipe. Sam slammed him against the wall again. “
He raised his bow and quirked an eyebrow at Sam to start. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Cas raise his bow as well. Sam started the opening measure of
raise me to be a hunter,” Bobby interrupted him before his dad could continue. “You raised me to be a Man of Letters. And I’m all cool with that, I don’t want to be a hunter, either. But because I’ve had my nose in books all my life I wasn’t prepared to fight when the Grigori showed up, and you were killed protecting me. You wouldn’t be here if it weren’t for Pops. And I wasn’t mentally prepared either. Not for dealing with a surprise attack and not for dealing with Lucifer’s attempts to get into my head.”
Castiel was sure this was Dean’s revenge for the short kiss Monday night, and the lack thereof the rest of the week. Their evening would definitely be interesting.
"For what reason?" Cas responded. Sam didn't miss how Cas' pinky was just slightly rubbing against Dean's, almost absentmindedly. "If the angels were expelled again, the ones who survive may not have their wings or the ability to move from place to place, but they would not be so cut off from the Host that they could not smite any demon they run across. That seems to be counterproductive to anything Crowley may desire." Several voices hummed in agreement before they all returned to their references.
"But he's gonna need proof you're not jerking him around. Like I explained, just take me, leave Bobby and Sammy out of it. He'll see you have more firepower than the last time you wrestled Luci into the cage, and securing his throne will make him a complacent demon." She looked to Dean for a vote of confidence. "You know I'm right, Daddy," she said, batting her eyelashes at him. Everyone at the table rolled their eyes at Dean laughed at his daughter's antics.
That one made Sam laugh his ass off. That was so like Gabriel. “What about in the future? What’s some of the crazy stuff he’ll do?”
Rehearsals the following week weren’t nearly as awkward as Castiel thought they might be. He and Kevin had been reviewing their parts for
tell me there are burgers.” Cas replied “of course, Dean” with a smile as he got out of his side of the car. Dean ran over to him and picked him up, swinging him around. “And beer?” he asked, setting Cas down. “And beer,” Cas replied, kissing Dean on the cheek. “Happy Fourth of July.” Then Cas tilted his head. “Did I say that correctly?” Dean smiled brightly at his angel. “Yeah, you got it right, Cas.”
Dean pulled his head back to look at Cas, then gave him a wicked grin. “Well, in that case,” he said with a wink. He gripped Cas’ pants and boxers at the waist and pulled them down to his knees, then turned him around and pushed his shoulders onto the bed. Dean pushed the back of his shirt up, leaning over to line his spine with kisses as one hand trailed down to tease his puckered hole. Castiel keened, pushing back to get more friction.
As he finished cleaning up the popcorn that had crash-landed on the floor, his brain made circles around that kiss. Actually, it was more about the man behind that kiss. Cas
When Castiel walked into the living room, he found Dean idly flipping through potential shows to watch on Netflix, nothing really catching his attention. He’d seemed despondent for days now, restless and a bit sad at the same time, yet trying to not show it.
“I know,” Gabriel all but whined. “But you gotta admit, it’s smokin’ hot, and I was just trying to get Cassie into trying it.”
"No!" Gabriel yelled at her, tears streaming down his face. "I won't! We have a future together; we have a son! I plan to love this man for eternity, and I plan on doing that with him here with me!" He pressed his right hand against Sam's chest, pouring every ounce of love and grace into his hunter. "Open your eyes, gorgeous, please come back to me," Gabriel begged Sam's lifeless body.
Castiel nodded at that, the conversation petering out. The strains of Beethoven’s 5th on repeat filling the silence. But the longer he stood there with Sam and Gabriel’s focus on him, the more he fidgeted, feeling judged. He wanted to say more, but was interrupted by Sam.
Rufus handed the baton back to the director. “Ready, boys?” he asked. Both men nodded and sat in the ready position, the conductor raising his baton to start.
Dean whipped his head to glare at his brother, narrowing his eyes. "What did you say?" he demanded through clenched teeth.
to the center of the table. “Like I was telling Dad, he and I went through all of Chuck’s published and unpublished works and condensed it down to the most pertinent information. We took out all of Uncle Dean’s sexcapades and all the ‘boy melodrama’ scenes but left in information about all the things you faced; Azazel, Dad dying, Uncle Dean’s deal to bring him back, trying to get out of the deal, Uncle Dean dying, Uncle Cas raising him from perdition, the apocalypse, Uncle Cas trying to be God, the Leviathans, Metatron, the trials, the Mark of Cain, unleashing the Darkness, meeting God (
maybe Samyaza was bound there and couldn’t leave, unlike his officers. That may be why he hasn’t come after us himself yet.” He hugged MJ to him tightly.
“I knew it!” he yelled. “I knew MJ would try something! Cas,” he asked, “can you track her? We need to know where they went.”
Cas' hands slid from Dean's hair to his shoulders, pushing his jacket and flannel down his shoulders. Dean stepped forward and let go of Cas to shrug the offending garments off, letting them drop to the floor. He then proceeded to unbutton Cas' shirt and practically rip it off his body. Dean let his hands map the exposed skin while his mouth traveled down Cas' jaw, sucking little bruises across his exposed throat.
Dean decided 'content' must be angel-speak for 'I'm fine', which is Winchester-speak for 'I'm gonna bury this shit deep and soldier on so everyone else will be okay', and he wasn't about to put Cas through that. He put one hand on his angel's face and smooshed his lips against Cas'. Before Cas could react, Dean pulled back and looked Cas in the eyes.
“I dunno, Cas,” Dean said, bouncing baby Sammy in his arms. “I was able to save this little guy. Maybe Sam and Gabe’s kid is a part of what fixes the future for MJ and Bobby.”
Sam realized what had been eating his angel, the lack of consent on his part. He closed the gap between them and cupped his face. “I know that, Gabe.” A kiss to one cheek. “I know you would never hurt me.” A kiss to the other cheek. “I trust you.” A kiss to his forehead. He held Gabriel’s gaze and smiled sincerely. “And I love you.” He gave his angel a chaste kiss on the lips, then a wicked grin. “And if consent is an issue for you, then know you always have my consent to touch and mark my body any way you see fit.”
He walked down the hall towards his dads' room, lost in his head. His Uncle Cas’ words came to the forefront of his mind. Did their presence in this time cause this chain of events? Would he have an older brother or sister right now if the Thule hadn’t known there were Nephilim there to begin with? Was this a consequence of their decision to come back in time?
“Shut up, jerk, I’m not a prude.” Sam set his empty beer bottle down on the table, then took the drink from Gabriel’s hand. Gabriel worriedly tried to grab it before Sam could take a sip, but he wasn’t quite fast enough with his own buzz going on. Sam sighed and licked his lips as Gabriel took the glass back from him. “That’s good stuff,” he said, leaning into Gabe and nibbling at his earlobe. “You’ve been holding out on me.”
“Of course,” Cas replied, kissing the top of her head before she turned to go. Bobby just nodded at Cas and left as well. With nothing left to do, Cas settled for going to his own room, preferring to worry about his hunter in private.
Sam let out a low whistle. He looked over to Gabriel and said "thank you so much for giving me a son instead of a daughter." Gabriel laughed and replied "my pleasure, Samsquatch." Dean gave them both an evil glare, and they both just laughed harder.
The four of them sat back down, Gabriel snapping up a sugary concoction for Kevin. Bobby explained everything he could to Kevin from the beginning, leaving him completely speechless at times and full of questions at others.
Dean chugged half of his milk after finishing off his first slice of pie, giving Castiel a big smile with a small milk mustache on his upper lip. He wiped it away with the sleeve of his Henley before digging into his second slice.
Gabriel snorted. "I am trouble, Sammy. You just do your thing, I'll stay out of your way. If I start feeling like getting it on, I'll pop outta here. Sound good?"
Both men applied more rosin to their bows and set up their sheet music. The conductor announced to the rest of the orchestra that the two would be playing
It was a picture of Dean, Sam, and their mom standing in the war room of the bunker, tinsel garlands wrapped around every railing. Cas had taken this picture, Dean recalled. He demanded they celebrate their first Christmas with their mom back in full holiday style.
Dean stared at him, just a little bit afraid, but more afraid of what Cas was trying to deal with on his own than of his angel actually hurting him. He wrapped his arms around Cas and held him tight. He dug down deep in his soul, where he could feel the bond between him and his angel, and in his mind’s eye he poked and prodded at the wall Castiel had built there to protect him from the full force of everything he felt.
As Gabriel transitioned from one form to another, his senses picked up someone at the edge of the room; his grace told him it was Sam. A smile curled one side of his mouth; time to show off a little for his mate. Gabriel closed his eyes and picked up his tempo; he swung his sword with fighting force, moving it in graceful arcs and sharp parries. His footwork was as graceful as a dancer’s, moving in point and counterpoint to his arm movements. He let his senses gauge his distance from Sam, so that while he moved closer, he was never in danger of harming his hunter. Finally, he was arm’s distance from Sam, swinging his sword parallel to their bodies. He stopped in a block position directly in front of Sam, then opened his eyes.
Sam got up to go hug his son, but Bobby held his hands out. "Wait a sec there, Dad, check this out!" He snapped his fingers and reappeared in front of his dad. "Ta da!" he said with a flourish.
Dean stuck his fingers in his ears and went "LA LA LA LA! I don't wanna hear that shit!" MJ just laughed at that and hugged her dad.
. Castiel screamed as he shot come all over Dean’s face, then promptly fell back and passed out on the piano.
. It’s why he held on tightly to anything and everything that reminded him of her. Sam knew this, and it was probably why he thought he could sucker Dean into helping out with this fundraiser thing Gabe was gonna do. He just didn’t know if he’d be able to deal with the onslaught of memories that he knew would come with it.
“Honey, I’m home!” Dean yelled at them with glee. He walked back to the Impala, seeing Cas getting out with a confused look on his face. Dean just shook his head, hands in the air and saying, “you
“I never thought about abilities like that being hereditary, although I guess it makes sense, considering you got my mechanical abilities.”
As Sam looked around, he noticed they were at the top of a tall building in the middle of a large city. There were potted trees surrounding them with fairy lights strung up everywhere. Close to the roof access landing, there was a table set up with a feast fit for a traditional family. There was no wind blowing up there and it was a comfortable temperature, but when Sam tipped his head up to the night sky, he saw snowflakes swirling around overhead.
MJ looked at him with wide eyes, as if he grew a second head or something, before shaking it off. When Dean asked what that was all about, she just replied “it’s weird, that’s all. As long as I can remember, you’ve never hunted with Uncle Sam, just Papa. I just can’t picture it.”
“Hey, cuz,” he heard behind him, turning to see Gabriel coming towards him. Castiel smiled and gave Gabriel a rather tight hug.
“Boys, boys, boys,” Crowley said, hands up in surrender. “There’s no need for threats, we’re all frenemies here. All I’m saying is that maybe you could give me a good reason to release two beings so powerful they could destroy the balance of everything. You’re all about balance and fairness, right?” Crowley took a few steps ahead of Sam and Dean to look them in the face, ignoring the angels standing close behind them. “Maybe a little assurance that they won’t go all Holy Warrior on my loyal subjects and myself.”
. Occasionally he thought about Dean, like when he went to bed in the evenings. Naked. With an erection. Castiel assured himself it was perfectly alright to satisfy himself with the image of freckles and green eyes dancing across the insides of his eyelids..
“Wha-?” Gabriel cut off his words with a searing kiss. Sam wrapped his arms around Gabriel’s waist, letting the kiss consume him. Hands splayed across his angel’s back, Sam held Gabriel tightly against him.
"My room," she replied. "No room anywhere else for my computer desk. Broke-ass single mom, couldn't afford anything bigger."
“Back the truck up,” Gabriel said, his head whipping in Castiel’s direction. “I was joking. Who the hell are you trying to impress?”
Gabriel read the report that Sam had printed from the CNN website. Something was off. He didn’t see any gunshot wounds on her. Maybe Cas healed them? The area where he found her didn’t look like there had been much vehicle traffic, certainly not a firefight. Maybe the insurgents dumped her after they raped her. Whatever happened, he hurt for her. They always focused on the wars no one else saw. They fought for humanity against Lucifer, against the Horsemen, against Amara, and every other threat the rest of the world knew nothing about. He rarely thought about the wars that the world faced head-on. And now another selfless soldier had paid the price. At least this explained why she was praying for her platoon’s safety, not her own.
They had enough spell components to try the time travel spell one more time, with Sam doing the spell instead of Bobby. Although both Castiel and Gabriel watched to ensure it was done correctly, it still failed. Bobby gave his Uncle Dean a smug smile, silently telling him “I told you so”. Dean huffed, and just pointed out they needed to find another way to get the kids back to their own time.
“It was the chocolate reference, wasn’t it?” he asked. “Pops is a major chocoholic, always has been.”
Gabriel sighed. “It has come to my attention that I have been a dick lately.” Sam laughed, and Gabriel backed up, hands in front in a sign of surrender. “No, just hear me out. I love you, Sam, and I am in no way sorry for saving your life, but what I am sorry for marking you like that. I wasn’t thinking about anything but keeping you here with me. No thoughts of if you wanted it or not.” Gabriel placed his hands back on Sam’s hips, but not pulling him close, not yet. He exhaled. “Sam, you need to know I wouldn’t do anything to you that you didn’t want, definitely not without your consent.”
Sam remembered Valentine's Day, sitting on the couch with Gabriel, eating ice cream and laughing at movies. He remembered that kiss, Gabriel's soft lips moving against his, a deep flush blooming on his cheeks. Whether the blush gave him away or Gabriel pulled the thought from his mind, the angel smiled at Sam. Not a lascivious grin, but a sweet smile that said he remembered it fondly, too.
Dean slammed the door of the house he shared with his brother, interrupting the piano lesson Sam was giving at the moment.
With Mary watching baby Sammy and MJ and Bobby gone for the evening, the Winchester boys decided to call it quits for the night to spend some quality time with their angels.
Cas tilted his head to one side, making Dean smile. “Oh, well then that was an exceptional ‘quickie’.”
“Dean,” Sam whimpered, “they won’t let me see Gabriel. Will you please get Gabriel for me? I want Gabriel.”
“Cas,” he whispered, nudging the man. Cas just groaned and rolled over, wiggling his ass against Dean as he snuggled back down into the memory foam mattress. It was just enough leeway for Dean to reach his phone.
“We can’t afford to wait around on this guys. By the time we come up with a plan Lucifer may have already switched vessels again,” Gabriel pointed out.
Dean licked his lips and said, “Heya Cas.” Castiel’s eyes tracked the movement and decided that yes, Dean deserved his ego for that mouth alone. He looked back up to Dean’s eyes and raised the food he brought a little higher. “Do you think you can assist me by taking one of these?” he asked. He felt a little silly bringing so much food, but he had become accustomed to certain snacks on the occasion that he watched anything on his laptop (he absolutely loved watching documentaries and older movies), and his mother had taught him at an early age about proper etiquette when visiting someone’s home, which usually included bringing a gift of some sort. He just hoped that Dean enjoyed pie as much as he did.
Dean thought about it for a second, then just nodded. They grabbed their gear and headed inside, glad to be home.
That thought proved to be a self-fulfilling prophecy; the moment Dean took one of Castiel’s testicles into his mouth, he came
“Hey Cas,” Dean said when a thought popped into his head. When Cas looked up at him and smiled, he hesitated slightly before continuing. “Sammy’s going to the club tonight to see Gabe, was wondering if you wanted to come over for dinner.”
“Shhhhh,” a voice next to him said softly. He turned his head to see his mom. She raised her hand to brush his hair from his face.
by Amilcare Ponchielle, which he already knew by heart because it was one of his mom’s favorite pieces. By the time Friday rolled around, he just couldn’t bring himself to be excited about movie night.
Now everyone was sitting in the library combing every piece of data they had. Kevin had delivered on that list of Grigori and their offspring; while all the Nephilim and most of the Grigori were dead, a small handful were unaccounted for. The information from the demon tablet didn't lead anywhere, just that Nephilim was also used to describe the offspring of angels and demons, though it didn't say if any existed. No one after the kids had ever given any reason for their actions, not even a stereotypical evil villain monologue. They were well and truly stumped.
In which the boys find the source of their troubles and have absolutely no clue how to deal with it.
Sam turned around to see the archangel leaning against a cabinet with his arms folded over his chest and that familiar smirk on his face. “Hey Gabriel, got a second?”
“Oh, for- Cas!” Dean called out to his angel. Castiel appeared right behind him and said “hello, Dean,” making him jump about a mile and making both Sam and Gabriel snicker in amusement. Dean turned around and shot him a warning look before asking, “can you play babysitter for these two tonight? Gabriel is getting antsy and Sam is a worrywart.”
It was after 2am and Dean was restless. Castiel and Gabriel had left earlier to follow up on a lead on the remaining Grigori, and Dean never slept well without his angel there. He’d crawled out of bed and just threw on the jeans he’d worn that day and padded out to the kitchen for a snack, using the flashlight app on his phone to light the way so he wouldn’t stub his toe on a corner or something. After having himself a slice of pie and a glass of milk, he proceeded to wash his plate and glass, as well as the dishes that were left after dinner when the angels took off.
For the first time, she regretted her plan. It wasn't her intent to scare or hurt her family, especially her dad. She had faith in her plan, and wanted them to believe in her, too. "Sorry Daddy," she whispered.
Gabriel grinned as Sam definitely didn’t pout. “Sounds like a plan, kiddo.” Gabriel kissed Sam on the cheek. “No hard feelings, Samshine, I’ll make it up to you later,” he said with a wink. Sam just rolled his eyes, then smiled at Bobby.
“Little guy didn’t wanna leave his daddy,” he smiled. Sammy clapped and said “Da!” making everyone laugh.
One of Cas' hands came up and started stroking Dean's hair. "I know, Dean. You're not at fault here. However, I'm grateful you made it a pleasurable experience for me."
"Why don't you come back to the bunker with us? Catch up with Dean, meet our mom and MJ," Sam asked. At that, Bobby stifled a laugh. When everyone looked at him, Bobby just smirked.
reference, Cas!” Sam rolled his eyes at Dean, and Gabriel just shrugged with a good natured smile. The corner of Cas’ mouth twitched as he answered, “yes, Dean, I understand that reference.”
. He snagged his finger on a jagged piece of metal and yelped “sonofabitch!” before sticking it in his mouth. Sammy laughed at the curse word, then grabbed Dean’s hand. He wrapped one little baby hand around Dean’s injured finger and healed it.
“Anyways,” Bobby picked the story back up, “everyone was still paranoid about MJ and I being hunted, so Dad homeschooled us. Top-notch education, too. Even though I’m sixteen, I just graduated from high school curriculum with full honors and scholarship offers.” Sam beamed at his son with pride. “But on one of our family outings when MJ was twelve and I was ten, we were kidnapped by this demon bastard named Crowley and his lackeys. Seriously, if Grandma Mary hadn’t started our covert training so young, we would never have been able to escape. MJ is a kick-ass fighter, and she distracted them until I was able to exorcise all of the demons except Crowley.”
He and Cas had both invited Gabe to stay at their respective places. While Cas argued that he was Gabe’s family, Dean argued that he might want to crash in Sammy’s room. That sealed the deal for Dean, who had his own selfish reasons for inviting Gabe to stay. He didn’t want to be alone any more than Gabe did. He did extend an olive branch, though, and told Cas he was welcome to crash on the couch as long as Gabe was staying.
Chuck walked over to the Winchesters and their angels. “You all continue to do what’s best for this world, but now you don’t have to do it alone. You’ll still have each other after the kids go back. You’ll have your mom,” he told Sam and Dean, “and you’ll all learn how to work together, live together, and love together. You’re gonna be great parents.” He turned to Gabriel and Castiel. “I’m so proud of you guys. Out of all my angels, you’re the ones that learned the true meaning of love, how much I love all of my creations. I couldn’t have picked better mates for you if I had been here myself.”
Cas just nodded, standing up. “I’m going to take Sammy to Gabriel and let him know your concerns about taking care of a fledgling. And then I’m going to take you to our room and show you how to take care of an angel,” he said with a grin, holding a hand out to help Dean up.
"We're at a standstill in our research on the Grigori," he said pulling out a pair of boxer briefs and a pair of socks, tossing them at Sam. "Bobby said our best bet is to meet up with the new Scribe, says they're pretty chummy in the future." Gabriel pulled out several shirts, comparing them before tossing a black tee on the bed and putting the rest back. "So I sent out a line and he said he'd meet us in Rome. Guy has a thing for Italy, so why the hell not?" He pulled out a pair of faded blue jeans, examining the seat before tossing them on top of the tee.
Cas pointed to the nightstand on the other side of the bed. Dean looked over to see his brother's laptop, an empty tissue box, a small pile of used tissues, and a folded note with his brother's handwriting that said
“Nevermind, it’s a movie reference.” Dean quickly changed the subject, seeing as they struck out on movies and wanted to keep the conversation going in a positive direction. “You wanna look over that music that Sammy put together for us?”
Castiel had gotten swept up in everyone’s excitement about planning the benefit show, but when they settled for the movie he was once again unsure of himself. Somehow, he had ended up shoulder to shoulder with Dean on the loveseat in their den. Both he and Dean had been tense trying to get comfortable without invading each other’s personal space too much, but they both relaxed as the movie continued. He was well aware of how everyone kept glancing at him to see how he enjoyed the movie, and only hoped that they weren’t able to see how Dean’s proximity was affecting him.
Dean leaned over to Cas, bumping him with his shoulder to get his attention. Cas looked up at him, looking very confused. “Do you know what this is about?” Cas asked him.
He and Dean were back to working as a well-oiled machine, working well together rather than in opposition. The entire rehearsal seemed to flow much more naturally, Castiel thought, with more grace than when he and Dean were at odds. Their rehearsal time seemed to fly by.
He can’t answer them all. He’s good, but he’s not that good. He was starting to realize why Dad got out of the prayers and miracles business. And who was he to decide who deserved his help and who didn’t? Yeah, he wanted to help those in dire need, like Rose, but who’s to say what need is and isn’t dire? He wasn’t his Father.
“Holy shit, Cas,” Dean said, shock clear on his face. “I-I’m sorry ‘bout that, man. I don’t know what I was thinking. I mean, I know what I was thinking but I didn’t mean to act on it, and-”
Gabriel just waggled his eyebrows at him and said, “ah, but I’m your ham, gorgeous,” before giving Sam a quick turn and a dip before pulling him back into the rhythm of the music.
Joshua pulled back, holding the archangel at arm’s length. “Gabriel,” he said with a slow smile, “it is good to see you again.”
again because of your actions. Sound good to you?” Gabriel asked with a dangerous glint in his eyes and a smirk on his lips. As he pushed his sword into Samyaza’s throat, the Grigori disappeared.
Bobby stood up and started pacing. “I only know the basics of self-defense, and only because I taught myself. Part of me is angry with you because you wanted me to study and not train harder. Part of me is angry with myself for not thinking ahead. I’m scared because I don’t want to be caught unprepared again. I don’t want to be the reason someone I love dies. I don’t want to get hurt and be the reason you guys worry. I know I need more training,” he said, looking Sam right in the eyes, “and I’m scared that if you think too much about that, then you’re going to decide against having kids altogether because you just can’t handle raising your kids like that. And if that’s what you decide, then I’ll cease to exist. So I’m just biding my time until you make that decision.”
“Does that mean I can count on you guys to do a couple duets for the benefit show?” Gabriel asked, both he and Sam giving him predatory smiles.
was the thought that raced through Dean's mind as he reached between them and released Sam's straining cock from his jeans. The head was already soaked and as Dean ran his thumb over the slit at the tip Sam moaned into his mouth, his hips moving of their own accord, pleading for more without words. Slicking up his hand with his brother's precome, Dean started working his shaft with slow, sure strokes.
Deanna just laughed. "Am I really? I'm sitting in my bedroom with fictional characters who claim to be real and from an alternate reality. I think what sanity I had left is slipping fast."
“There were no demonic omens, no reports of sulfur smells or black eyes to go with the behavior, so we ruled out demons. No other monsters we’ve dealt with could do something like this to people. Leviathans are still in purgatory, no reason to think they’ve escaped and started mind-controlling people with food again. And angels may be dicks most of the time, but they couldn’t do something like this without possessing someone, and they’d need consent to do that. Besides, this just seems like a witchy thing. Why?”
The sounds of skin on skin were soon drowned out by the crescendos of the angels' moans and cries. Castiel and Gabriel took everything the Winchesters gave them. Neither Sam nor Dean were quiet, either, thoroughly enjoying fucking into their angels' hot bodies. Dean grasped Cas' hips and started pulling him into each thrust, desperate to make Cas come before he lost his own battle. Another few thrusts and Cas' head snapped back as he came, yelling loud enough to rattle the glass in the room.
Without preamble, Sam grabbed Cas and pushed him face-first against the shower wall under one of the shower heads. One hand started working the goop out of Cas' wings, while his other hand slipped between his cheeks to start working his ass open. "Gabe," Sam said, warning tone in his voice, "we're gonna need lube." Another snap and there was a convenient dispenser on the wall. Sam gave a feral grin and said, "that's staying when this is all over." He pumped a few dollops into his hand, smeared it across his fingers, and pushed two fingers deeply into Cas, making the angel moan.
Bobby just grinned sheepishly and said, “I thought it would be more fun for you guys to find out the old fashioned way.”
Cas tilted his head and thought for a moment. “It may be possible,” he said, “but the chances of it working are not good. Gabriel would have to be conscious to hear you, and without access to his grace he may not be able to respond. But if anyone were able to do it, I believe you and Gabriel would be able to.”
At that, Crowley’s ears perked up. “Dad?” he asked peevishly. “Moose, when did you knock up an angel?”
Dean laughed as they zipped up their pants. “How about I let you cut up the potatoes and we’ll work our way up to you using the microwave first.” He kissed Cas on the forehead. “Deal?”
Sam shrugged. “I still know what I like. He’s short, he’s blonde, he’s cute, and he’s definitely perky. Stack that on top of his intelligence and humor, and who gives a rat’s ass if he’s a guy?”
“Can I hold him for a sec, Deano?” Gabriel asked, holding his hands out. Dean put Sammy in Gabriel’s arms and Gabriel immediately tickled his tummy with one hand, making the baby squeal with laughter. The archangel started babbling at him in what Dean
"He's perfect," he whispered. He looked up into Dean's eyes. "Thank you, Dean." Just then, he felt a tug on his grace. Dean's eyes widened, and Cas chuckled. "Did you feel that?"
