Greg laughed a little at that. "Fair enough. Well, I wouldn't say I can't manage my classes, but I could sure use some help, now that you're offering... Hm, I mean I usually teach two years at the same time, since they're about five students each. So you could help the slower or the few special needs students with their extra tasks. Or you know help me help out during group work and things like that." Greg explained with a smile. "Have you done anything in that direction before?"
"Hello sweetheart" John smiled and crouched down to them. "And hello Amy and Ally" He said before pulling them all into a big hug. "I've missed you a lot." He said and let go of them a few seconds later so Sherlock could say hi to them too. And it didn't take long for Charlie to notice something was going on at the door. "Hello? Is someone there?" She called from the hallway.
"I did, but I hadn't asked him properly, you know. Special people need special proposals." John said with a chuckle, before nodding. "Yeah, that was my first thought too and I had to think of Sherlock right away."
"She only said she's ancient." Charlie said with a shrug, figuring that meant she was about Sherlock's age. "Oh, did we meet her as a little girl or something during that time travel dream?"
"Yes, they're sweethearts." Janine said with a smile and glanced down for a moment, before Clara gave herself a push and stood up. "Hi, I'm Clara, nice to meet you." She said and gestured towards the sitting area. "Please, make yourselves comfortable."
"Do we want to tell them tomorrow? It might be a bit much at once, but on the other hand it'd sure be nice to have most things off the table." John signed with a shrug. "I mean it's your decision really."
Sherlock raised a brow at the word 'babycousin'. "Well.. I'm studying chemistry.." he said and smiled at her, still somewhat awestruck at the fact that his cousin was sitting right next to him. "I do think about going into crime solving.. not necessarily with the police though. Or at least not as a police man." he said and chuckled, "Actually, though.. I don't know if you're interested in that kind of thing.. but one of my ancestors was a lawyer." he said and smirked again, "I've got some of his old files and even his robe.. it's from the regency era.. you could come up there with me for a moment so I can show them to you?" he asked, trying to sound casual and not like he just wanted to talk to her alone for a moment, while Harry's frown deepened again at that, looking at John.
Sherlock chuckled, "If you tell them you pay 100 Euros extra, you can." he said and chuckled a little.
“First, it's /our/ account, your card should be in the post soon." Sherlock said and smirked at John, "Second.. we could by the whole retail chain and it wouldn't even nearly wipe our bank account."
Sherlock smiled, feeling quite reassured to let the girls leave if Mrs Hudson was with them and if he was honest, for once he was glad to have them out. He really wanted to read that letter now. He couldn't even begin to try to understand why Victor would send him a letter beyond the grave. And to leave it with Mycroft of all people. Well at the very least the wax seal hadn't been broken, so Mycroft had actually respected his privacy this time. Taking a breath, he opened the letter and began to read.
"Sure, I would. You're much prettier than Phil anyway." Lowell said and gave Charlie a little wink, glad to have eased the tension a little.
Sherlock smirked into the kiss and only pulled away once he heard the door bell, pulling back and turning his head to look into the kitchen, "I should probably put the blood back into the fridge, can you open the door?" he asked, reluctantly letting go of John.
"I love you too." Sherlock murmured against John's lips, "You know what other things I'd like to keep just for the two of us?" he asked, slipping a hand underneath John's pyjama top, just before the door opened and a sniffling Rosie stood walked into the room, "Lock.. John.. can I sleep in your bed tonight? I had a really bad dream, there were a lot of spiders and they all wanted to bite me.." she said, holding her large stuffed bee tightly in her arms. "Oh.." Sherlock said and gave her a smile, rolling off of John, "Of course you can, little bee," he said and patted the mattress between them, "Come here.." he said, watching her smile a little and walking over and climbing onto the bed.
"Guess the fact that your son is contemplating to become 'one of us' and that your daughter already joined the club, so to speak, doesn't make it any easier for you to understand.." Richard said, scratching the back of his neck.
When Sherlock arrived at the orphanage that morning, he was quite nervous about telling Charlie about the recent developments, not so much about Rosie, he was quite sure that for her it'd be a big adventure, but Charlie? He just worried having to go back would hit her harder than it would Rosie. Especially with the added pressure that the two were in serious danger. Shaking his head to clear his mind a little (after all he had a class to focus on), he went to hang up his coat in the teacher's lounge.
John laid an arm around Sherlock's waist and kissed his temple. "I love you. But I don't think I could promise I wouldn't have studied or used my phone to play doodle jump, if I had been you."
"Yeah, but thanks a lot." Charlie told her with a smile, before going to the stairs. "Do you think John will be surprised when he sees the ton of stuff we got?" She asked Sherlock with a chuckle once he was coming along.
Sherlock chuckled, watching the two, quite thankful that John had said no, because he had already been about to say that of course they could stay up to watch a film. He really had to practice to say no.
"Sherlock, at least act nicely." Violet said and gave him a look. Looking back at the talk with the twins, his reaction was almost comical now, but at least this was a dynamic she knew. "Hello, darling." Violet greeted her oldest with a smile as he got inside the car. "Hello mother, Sherlock" He said, almost looking pained he had to sit there. As per usual he was wearing a suit and his trademark umbrella. "How is the family?" He inquired. "Oh, it's alright, thank you for asking. We didn t get as much sleep as we would've liked, but that's New Years Eve." She said lightly, starting the car again.
Violet laid her hand on her son's back while he coughed. "How about I make you a nice hot cuppa then?"
"Who are you?" William said with a frown, standing up and subtly scanned the room for something he could use as a weapon. "And how did you get into the house? What for do we even have servants? If everyone can just walk in, we might as well hand out keys to the whole neighbourhood."
"I've only had a short fling with a guy once, but that wasn't anything serious." Charlie said and gave a chuckle... but romantic it had been.
Clara tightened her arm around him a little in response, resting her head against his. David raised an eyebrow a little, but nodded after a moment. "I understand. We're all in grief, but you can tell him I'm not about to bite him. When would you like me to come back then?" He asked, assuming they'd still go to the funeral together.
"Yeah, you do." John chuckled. "Anyway, I'd also be against a strict black pudding diet. Speaking of, have the kids already had lunch today?"
"That's right, so take all the time you need. At least until the shop closes that is" John told her with a wink and Charlie grinned at them. "This is soo awesome. Like, seriously, best. Shopping trip. Ever." She said, already looking around eagerly.
John looked up when Sherlock returned and raised an eyebrow at him coming back alone. "How'd he take it then?"
"Come on, of course I want my big sister over. You two can plot against me via texts now anyway, so you might as well come over." John teased a little. "And mum certainly doesn't hate you. She's pretty much always asking about you one way or another when I'm there."
"You really know that many other vampires?" Jim asked with wide eyes. "But a community like that would be fantastic, isn't that right, Carl? I'm genuinely studying medicine mostly for utility's sake, you know. After some work-related incident for example Carl had to run around with a crooked forearm for years until we found someone who agreed to break it and set it straight again without going to a hospital." He recounted and shook his head. "We've met way too many dodgy people in the last century." He said and gave his brother a wry smile.
William couldn't help but chuckle a little as Jim simply walked away, he really was like a five year old. Standing up himself and feeling a lot better though still not exactly good, William started to walk back to his room.
John grinned and followed Sherlock into the bathroom only too willingly. He closed the door behind them (just in case a certain landlady might turn up for whatever reason), before turning around to take care of his boyfriend.
Charlie chuckled and shook her head a little. "Nah, you look alright. We're actually going to a restaurant though?" She asked and pocketed her Nokia, before coming up to Sherlock. Charlie had done that maybe like three or four times, so she really felt quite fancy.
"Pollen!" Rosie said and smiled, "I watch the bees a lot! Because they're really cool! Sometimes they sit on my finger!" she said and Ally frowned, "But don't they sting you?" she asked and Rosie shook her head, "No, bees only sting people if they think you want to hurt them, that's why you shouldn't try to shoo them away, they aren't aggressive at all! But wasps and hornets are, if you see something like a bee, but bigger and not fluffy, then it's a wasp or hornet and then you have to be careful."
"Mmh.. then I'll take banana and chocolate." Charlie said with a grin; she hadn't even known those cups existed. "What do you normally drink here?"
Carrying two bags, Charlie followed Rosie up the stairs to their flat. "Scout's really cute, isn't he?"
"Yeah, that sounds great." Charlie smiled, before looking over at Rosie. "What do you think? Ready for your first big sleepover party?"
Hearing little footsteps, Sherlock wasn't entirely surprised when the door opened and Rosie stood there with the twins in tow, "Hi Papa, hi daddy!" she chirped and held the little ones' hands, making sure they won't run out on the street, which made Sherlock strangely proud.
Sherlock smiled, "They're really cute though.. and smart." he said and frowned, "You think their mum would mind if we have them over more often? They seem smarter than average for their age. Some sort of advanced early education probably doesn't hurt.." he said, watching the little ones.
Mycroft scoffed. "Judging from that last credit card billing you're certainly living by that." Mycroft said coldly. "But I'm glad your temporary family can use it." He said took out his phone.
Sherlock was about to ask if he was supposed to leave the room, or the house, but decided to just return to John and Emma, so he just nodded and made his way out of the room, going back downstairs and giving John a wary look as he returned, not sure what to say, really. He had no idea if that went well.. or not? Had this just gone horribly wrong? There was the possibility that David would throw him out of the house when he'd come back downstairs.
"Actually that would be.." Sherlock began and noticed John's expression, "I mean.. obviously that would be a terrible, terrible idea." he said and chuckled a little, leaning over to peck his lips.
"Sherlock, she's /twelve/ and that hole's going to be there forever." John said and gave him a look. "At least hair grows out. We could put a tracking chip into her bloody shoes for that matter, which is something I'm still not thrilled by."
"Well, I sure like him better like that." Sherlock said and chuckled, "Although you seem to struggle getting used to it." he said and grinned at his boyfriend, "You looked positively terrified when he walked in on us."
"Yeah?" Charlie asked curiously. "How long did it take you until were fluent?" She might be able to beat that, if she really tried.
"Okay. I can say yes to that straight away, love." John said with a nod, hoping this would console the chemistry student a little.
This wasn't exactly how she'd planned to give them their first sex talk, but it was hardly the worst timing compared to her other children. "Mmh, well they need help to get new baby plants growing. Some kinds of flowers use the wind or bird or they can do it themselves, but a lot of them are relying on bees. You see, in spring there are always a lot of 'pollen' flying around. Your daddy sometimes talks about them." Amy nodded at that. "Yeah, they make his eyes red and itchy and his nose sneezy!" "Exactly, and that's flower dust. And only the male 'daddy' plants make this dust. The female 'mummy' plants want to get this onto their own colourful petals, because when they come together, the female plants can make new seeds. And guess what happens when a new seed comes into the ground?"
"You could ask Jim to bring Carl as well. I'd actually like to introduce you to him, pretty sure you'll get along great." Sherlock said and smiled.
Viktor raised an eyebrow but complied, so a few seconds later, he was right at Fay's feet, sniffing her legs curiously and wagging his tail. Fay couldn't hold back a bit of a smile and reached out with her free hand (hadn't the tall one said she could get both hands freed?) to pet him. Cute. And she calmed down (which was only to their disadvantage, because she could think more clearly. Ha.) Meanwhile John gave Sherlock a smirk, seeing how his trick seemed to work.
Rosie grinned at that, climbing onto her bed to reach her kinder egg bees, pulling one off, before she got off her bed again and walking over to David, "Here, for you!" she said with a smile, "Sherlock, John and I made it together."
"Just cuddling would be nice." John said with a bit of a smile and ran a hand through Sherlock's curls.
"I don't know.. sadly I missed that part of his life." Sherlock said and chuckled, "I kind of really can't imagine how he was as a child. Not at all, really. He feels like that kind of person that was born the way he is now." he chuckled.
"Right, we've got to Fay-proof this flat then because there are bound to be knives etc. to hurt herself with." John commented with a sigh.
"Yeah, I think Vanessa and Paul will be more grateful for that particular present." John said with a chuckle. "Now we only have to get something for Amber and Mark and then our cousins will be off the list. Amber has told me she wanted the piano arrangement of some musical, so we can give that to her from the both of us."
Sherlock smiled, leaning in to kiss John again, "Boys, sorry to interrupt your snogstop, but we're there." Harry said and sighed a little, "I'm almost tempted to come in with you, you know, if only just to see dad's reaction.." she mused.
"So basically you want to change schools?" Sherlock summarised with a smile, "Is it far away?" he asked, though security did sound good in the current situation, he was still with Greg in the primary grades, so he didn't have his eye on her all day long anyway.
"I'd say I want a goodbye kiss but..." Sherlock sighed, pulling the blanket up a bit more as he was starting to feel too cold again.
Sherlock smiled, kissing John's cheek and walking back into the living room with the sandwich when he heard Charlie come back, stopping in his tracks when he saw Charlie wearing that Bonnet, which had been his mothers. "You know, that style really suits you." he said and smiled, "You've got a good face for hats, ever tried one?"
"Yeah, I do." Richard said and smiled, "Look, I know about Emma, your mother has told me a lot about her and I love and consider her family, but it would have been just the same if you had found a good man you'd have loved. The only thing that matters is that the people in a relationship are happy with each other. It's absolutely irrelevant what other people might think."
"Hello Sherlock." Paul said with a smile and came inside, carrying his doctor's case with him. "So, how has the night been?"
Sherlock smiled, "Well.. you'll get used to it after the first 100 years." he said jokingly, resting his head on John's shoulder, "You know what really surprised me though? The fact that you allow them to be alone upstairs in her room." he teased, quite sure that Charlie wouldn't do anything stupid.
"So you can get my background information and use that against me?" She asked with a huff and shook her head. "I'm not an idiot." John gave a small sigh (yeah, he was not going to argue with her tonight; Sherlock could do that if he had the nerve) and walked back to her. "Hi not an idiot, I'm John." He said mildly and crouched down next to her, checking her pockets for any weapons before thinking of untying her. The girl couldn't help rolling her eyes at that, but tensed up again when he checked her coat and jeans pockets.
"Sure. It's nice we've been having more meals together lately, you know." Charlie commented and got to her feet to get Rosie. She didn't really know if they were running short on blood and that's why they were eating more solid food or if Sherlock was just trying to get them to spent even more time together. Either way, it tasted much better that way, so that was cool.
"Well, yes, I have. We have." Sherlock said and sighed, "We thought we might have walked into a sort of portal or something, but since you weren't with us and haven't been in that room.. that doesn't really explain it anymore." he said and smiled at Rosie as she tugged at Sherlock's hand, "Can I have more?" she asked, smiling up at Sherlock, who nodded with a smile, "Of course." he said and filled her cup again, "Here you go, bee."
"Hm, are those adoptions equally distributed over the years?" John asked. "I mean one adoption every two years is just as suspicious as twelve every ten."
"Good thing he isn't the type for that." Victor said and sighed, "Although you did give me a bit of a scare when we met." he said and shrugged. "It's hard to believe he'd cheat, but it's all too easy to believe not to be good enough for him."
"No, it's just regular food, I'm set up with blood bags and mouthwash." Sherlock said with a chuckle, "Even the wine is pure today." he said as he pulled a bottle of red wine out of the basket, along with the two glasses, "Didn't want you to have to watch out not to pick up the wrong glass or take the wrong slice of pizza for once." he said with a smile. "Plus, I've had an early quick liquid dinner at home, so as for blood, I should be fine for a while."
"I don't expect that from you, son." Richard said and was quiet for a moment, before he continued, "But, I hope you can forgive me at some point, because I would really like to be a part of your family again." he said honestly, wondering if they could work this out at some point.
"Well, I just said that they can be." John said with a smile and pulled away a bit to look at him. "But that doesn't mean it's not true. But the thought that every man thinks so makes me feel better." He commented with a chuckle.
"Just maybe." Charlie said with a chuckle. He'd taken Rosie and herself into their home after barely knowing her; she did think that counted as quite protective. Same went for John obviously. "I don't quite know the strict one well enough to be able to tell.." John rolled his eyes in good fun; that really wasn't a nickname he wanted to stick though. "You know, I do have a name, cheeky."
–----------------------------------------                                                                                                                                           A bit under two weeks Jim was out on the corridor, shouting at one of the nurses after he'd stopped an argument between him and another patient; they'd been arguing about vampires and the other had even called him an idiot. As a result, Jim completely lost it. "You're gonna /regret/ the day you were born!" He screamed and tried to get past the nurse and to the guy he'd argued with. "Once In a vampire you'll /burn/!"
John pressed a kiss on the top of Sherlock's head. "Well, that's good to know, love. And yes, I don't quite know what to do with this thought yet. Coming back to your original question. The answer is no; once I decide, I want to be sure enough to make my answer final."
"Eh no, actually we all met separately without knowing how deep the family ties run there." Sherlock said and snickered a little, "Actually we all just met again through the Watson family, neither of us knew the others were still alive."
"Well they only just met, so I'd say they aren't serious, but on the way there." Sherlock said and smiled, nipping at his glass.
"Yeah, he still doesn't and that's why it stays where it is." John said with a little huff. "And you didn't win, Sherlock, the victim can't have done it."
Sherlock smiled, typing out a quick message and inviting Richard over, not mentioning John yet. It really would be difficult to explain all this in a mail. "He sometimes does.. rarely.. I mean.. I think the last time was a year or two ago.. it's just that for him.. I'm the closest connection to his roots.. that knew him before he turned and knew people he knew.. " he said and shrugged.
Sherlock took a breath, "Well.. when I served with him.. he got severely injured at some point. He would have died, I knew that.. and so.. I turned him." he said and bit his lip, "And that's where my part in the story ends, I don't want to say too much, he should explain it to you yourself. John and I just wanted to let you know that he's alive before he actually comes to see you. If you want that, I mean.."
John began to laugh at that. "I didn't know that that's how it worked, but fine. What is it with you and Cluedo?"
"Now that's sweet." Scott said and with a smile "Hey and your last one put a lot of eye make-up on too." He chuckled and nudged his brother's side.
A few days later Paul came back with the test results and knocked on the door of 221 Baker Street. It wasn't even noon yet, but the results had just come in and he wanted to discuss them with Sherlock and/or John as soon as possible.
David still didn't look too happy, but relented with a sigh. "Okay, fine. But only because it's her birthday." He said and John smiled. "She'll be really happy." "Yean, she will." Charlie agreed before smirking. "You know, coming to think of birthday parties, can I have a mermaid themed one?"
"You made their day letting them take Scout for a walk by the way." Sherlock said and stood up, collecting the empty plates.
"You too though, even if they're fading already." John said and chuckled a little, not even looking down at himself, since he already knew he was covered in love bites. " Seriously Sher, that was brilliant." He said and rested his head back on the pillow, leaving his arm on Sherlock's side.
"Always." Sherlock said and ruffled her hair, "That's what I'm here for, you know. Well that and cooking, driving you around and pocket money, obviously." he joked.
Sherlock grinned, "Well, it would have been a very good idea.." he said and smiled, really he felt like he had smiled more in the last two days than the last hundred years. "But I think it's a very good idea for you to move in right away so I get to spend more time with you either."
"Well, it's a good thing you don't. And it's got nothing to do with being pave, it'd be just plain stupid if you'd do that. And the worst kind of danger is the kind that could have been avoided if one had just been smart about their actions. Good thing you are smart." Sherlock said and smiled at her.
"Awesome!" Charlie cheered and ran back up to them, jumping onto John's lap and stretching her legs out onto Sherlock's. "Charlie and Rosie Watson-Holmes. That's got a nice ring to it." She smiled; this morning, she genuinely wouldn't have thought this day could still turn out to be a decent one...
And for those of you who are interested. We got the slang words in the chapter above from this website: http://www.georgette-heyer.com/slang.html
"Yeah?" John asked with a smile and put his notes with his free hand onto the nightstand. "You have my full and undivided attention"
"Oh, okay. It was actually pretty fun coming to think of it." Charlie said and scratched her head, before telling them the story. "Erm, well, one of the girls dared me to ride a plastic sledge down two flights of stairs. I mean we'd build up a mattress downstairs to crash into, but I sorta fell off the sledge before it came to that."
"Painter or Photographer." Charlie said easily. "Or I'd go to Cambridge." She said with a chuckle. "Shame that's not reality. I mean, my parents could still turn out to have been rich, but I kinda doubt it."
"The coming out of your sister and maybe easing her by taking half of her parents fury might have been a suitable occasion." Harry grumbled and sighed, turning to John as they stopped at a red light, "But no hard feelings, Johnny, I don't blame you, after all there was a reason I only came out to them right before the wedding.. I understand that you didn't want to deal with that, especially since you didn't have anyone to turn to, like.. a real partner not just some throwaway girlfriend."
John let out a cry of pain when the grating moved. "No! Sherlock, stop, don't move it." He ordered, his voice strained with pain.
Hi everyone! I am so sorry it's taken so long, but, I just got a new job, and I've been stressed to hell about work and school and money (because everything just HAS to cost money), so it's been difficult to update, but, I did post two new fics on top of this which were already pre-written, so I hope that's alright.
Sebastian knew of course, his boyfriend had been in the room, unbeknownst to him at the time, and had... For lack of a better phrase, completely lost his shit. He went storming out of Charles Augustus Magnussen's office, turning over tables and putting holes in the walls, and had been missing for nearly three days. Jim was worried sick, and terrified now more than after that he was going to lose his soldier.
The detective gazed over at his friend, his expression softening. He quickly took made his way across the pub. "Hello, John."
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut. "I was dying anyway." He muttered angrily. "It was a suicide mission, John, I was dead already. I preferred to do it without whips to my back or a gunshot wound to the temple. I've already been through that once, and trust me, this way was much easier."
"You drop your weapon, Dr. Watson, or I'll kill him!" He replied, kicking Sherlock in the ribs a bit harder than necessary.
Emi waves him off. "Just get the world's greatest detective get home safely. I expect more blog posts as soon as you're healed."
He wasn't sure if it was the way the light was hitting John's face, or the way John's eyes were lit up as if it were Christmas, or just the way John was swaying back and forth, humming some tune he practically danced around the kitchen, but in that moment, Sherlock Holmes had never seen anything more beautiful in his life.
The Ukrainian only smirked. "I left him a little present. His little burden, everything he worries about from day to day, I handed it to him on a silver platter."
Knowing he's not tired, the man takes out his violin and begins to play a classical tune he had been working on for a few weeks, not really caring if his landlady hears him. He plays until the sun begins to come up and he once again makes the mistake of calling out to his flatmate, although he knows he can't hear him. He's not there anymore.
John raked his hand through his hair and stepped away. His breathing was heavy, the color had nearly drained from his face, and he had to hold onto the back of the chair to keep from falling over. "That woman is bloody brilliant. Completely mad, but absolutely
John had laughed and ran a hand through his hair. "Yeah, but the moment I get home, I'll be just as chalky white as the rest of London." He replied.
Feeling like his whole world was about to stop, Sherlock leaned back against the arm of the sofa and pushed the laptop off of his knees. He had never missed John's call before. He had always been on time, early even, just waiting for him to come online finally so that he could see him, but the one time he needed him more than ever, he had missed him.
"Sherlock, as much as I hate to say it, whether or not Mary died wouldn't have made a difference. She was dead to me the moment I found out it was her."
As always, if something is confusing, please let me know! I wrote this at three in the morning, sooooo, it could very easily be jumbled. Just let me know!
"Stop it!" Sherlock's heart was beating so loudly that he couldn't even hear himself think. He squeezed his eyes shut. He didn't want to have this conversation with John, not now, not ever. "I... I said stop it."
John tried to think. He glanced briefly back at the note on the cover of the folder, rereading the chilling note as he tried to used some of his own deduction skills (that he hoped he had picked up from five years watching Sherlock) to decipher it.
Jim gritted his teeth. "I would hope you have some sort of plan, because if not, you're useless to me, and if you're lying, I'll have you shot." He practically sang, bringing back his psychopath persona.
At first, I didn't dare look at anyone in my audience. This was not something I did. My voice had never filled such a large theatre, never claimed the attention of a group of people, especially show folk. I refused to think about that, to think about anything other than making my voice carry the words.
Sherlock doesn't manage to stay quiet no matter how John shushes him. At the end, John doesn't either.
John wasn't prepared for how much stronger Sherlock would be now that they've grown up. He didn't have time to think through the possibility that Sherlock would fight back and they'd end up wrestling on the couch.
John yelps when the shower curtain is pulled aside and Sherlock Holmes, dressed in his expensive suit, throws himself in under the spray, grabs John's face with both hands and kisses him.
“I'm staying at the Moulin Rouge.” His tone was curt, a sharpness cutting around his beautiful dark voice. It hurt, though I couldn't pinpoint why.
I lift my head and slowly, earnestly press my lips to John's temple. I inhale and close my eyes; I nearly get high on the familiar scent of him. Then I end the kiss and speak against his skin.
In between dances I come back to share a few words with William. As I do, I become aware of people giving us odd looks. I wonder briefly if it's somehow obvious to them that William was in my bed a few days ago… because that
“Oh, you bloody prat”, I breathe. I step forward, crowding him in the narrow doorway. “It's this way.”
“Right. I bought a few plants and did research on where to plant them, and how. That bloke on the beekeeping blogwrote about different flowers for different seasons, so I started with the ones that bloom now. Wanted it to look nice when you got back home.”
It takes me a while before I manage to put my finger on what feels so different about this polska. The music feels wrapped around me, like a blanket around my shoulders – no, closer still; like a second skin. There are no blunt edges or chafing discord. I move as one with the music, and I can't tell if it's my body moving effortlessly in the landscape of notes, beat and tempo, or if it's the music fitting me perfectly… And that's when I remember the conversation we had in the beginning, William and I, about the interplay between fiddler and dancer.
and I'm not there, and Molly told me she's worried about him and I don't know what she means. I wish more than anything that I could just go there and hold him until he breaks, and stay forever, touch him for every second of the rest of my life.
Holmes tipped his head dangerously to the side. “Oh, you think you can hide from me, do you? Slip into a cupboard and engage in explicitly forbidden activities, without being noticed by
Silent words passed between us. I didn't understand them, I only knew that they were vitally important.
I finally become aware that my mouth is hanging open. I close it with an embarrassed glance around. I completely forgot to look for someone to dance with. It's a bit shocking that no one else seems to have had similar problems – do they see things like this every day?
It is a difficult case. Sherlock stays awake all night without solving it. He stares out at the gloomy street, hugging his knees to his chest. He is acutely aware of John sleeping on the other side of the thin wall.
I think there was something about my stillness that calmed him, and made him sit through the meeting quietly. Most of my attention was on keeping my shoulders relaxed and my voice calm, wrapping Sherlock up in an atmosphere of ease, and not staring at the crimson lipstick on his pouting bottom lip.
Sherlock was silent for a beat. His voice was just a tiny bit softer when he spoke again. “I'm a prostitute, John. I'm paid to give men precisely what they want, and make them believe it's real.”
When he finally sank back into the pillows, and Martha removed the handkerchief from his mouth, there was a wet spot of bright red on the white cotton.
I should have noticed that he woke at night in a cold sweat, or that chills shot through him even in the warm cocoon of my blankets. I should have seen how exhausted he was, pushing himself ruthlessly through the rehearsals, sweat shining on his forehead in big drops. I should have seen the fever in his eyes.
“Moriarty”, he finally said. “The opening is tomorrow night. It would be quite impossible to change the ending now.”
We all looked at Moriarty with bated breath. He drew out the moment, pursing his lips and pulling his brows together, folding his arms across his chest and tapping at his chin. He was fully aware of holding everything we dreamed of in his hands.
The fourteenth year is a busy blur of school, homework, outings sports piano lessonsfriends. They hardly have time for any cases so John works extra hours, and Sherlock is the one handling school contact. When the parents are invited to visit the lessons with their child, John is terrified when Rosie and Sherlock leave for school. He is unsurprised when they come back two hours later, Sherlock having corrected the teacher so frequently that he was eventually asked to leave. He did, but not before he had deduced the teacher and half of the parents pressing themselves against the walls. Sherlock lunges into a twenty-minute rant about the stupidity of human kind, Rosie sits with her arms crossed and huffs that none of this is news to her and she is the one who has to deal with the stupidity
Holmes smiled his joyless smile, his soft voice almost dangerous. “Yes, you will. In fact, Moriarty might be your only chance at a different life.”
The grace with which Sherlock pulls at the hem of his shirt and lifts it over his head, is impossible to look away from. And then there's his chest, with the freckled skin that must smell so sweetly of Sherlock. Sherlock is entirely unselfconscious, barely aware of John's gaze when he tugs at John's shirt. It's innocence and fierce hunger all at the same time, and John is so dizzy, and then his shirt is gone and he's on his back, Sherlock lowering himself over him. His abdominal muscles tense under his vulnerably pale skin, and the flat plane of his chest is… is…
has been reading a dull crime fiction novel for the last hour, paying Sherlock no attention at all. There is nothing to occupy his stagnating mind; he doesn't even have a nice first kiss fantasy to revert to, since he cannot come up with one realistic enough.
He walks over to the sofa and slides his hands into Sherlock's hair. “Up”, he says, and Sherlock obeys without moving his arm from his eyes, pretending that he didn't just wake up. John sits down on the cushion and Sherlock's head stays comically lifted. He glances at John over the crook of his elbow, and John chuckles at his adorable confusion.
She has been asleep in my arms for two hours now and I am not bored. I don't know what it is with her and time, but it bends in a peculiar way around her.
John inhales deeply, tamping down his anger, before doing a military turn and marching out of the room. Sherlock is standing near the exit, stock still, watching him approach.
John moves into the kitchen with the grocery bags while Sherlock starts spouting out what might or might not be separate sentences, and then John stops again.
Our bodies were still orbiting around each other. A magnetic field that somehow came to be during the case. I ended up at Baker Street. You were quiet, I was quiet, and our eyes only met once. I don't think we touched one single time.
“He claimed to have heard rumours that I'd taken my shirt off in some other girl's bedroom during a night-wooing”, Greger said. “Does he think I'm stupid?”
I strewed a string of kisses onto his neck and shoulders. “You should always have this”, I mumbled. “You're wonderful.”
“I have. I've been living the better part of my life on the street. And if it weren't for the Moulin Rouge, I would still be there, or – more likely – I would be dead.”
The circle of actors broke into a round of spontaneous applause, and I looked up, finding them all turned to me. I nodded solemnly, accepting the praise I still hadn't learned to expect.
She is three weeks old and hates sleeping alone. This works in my favour. She wants someone to hold her at all times, and as it is impossible for John to do that all by himself, she and I spend a great deal of our time together.
It's late. I have been stalling; I wouldn't tell anyone as much, but I can be that honest with myself, at least. I didn't want to blow out the candle and go to sleep. Eventually I felt that I had to, but I'd barely started to doze before I heard his voice.
Those rehearsal days were a blur of typewriter-key clatter and Sherlock's soft mouth. Everything was so wonderful that it also seemed easy. When Sherlock's burning eyes tracked me across the room, it felt as though we were invincible. It didn't occur to me that someone could see, and I wouldn't have been too bothered to care if they did; there was no way anything could be stronger than the intensity of his gaze on me. I could beat anything with it.
“Of course – obvious, really, clear for anyone to discern. As ever, John, you see, but you do not observe. I suppose I'll even need to
I stood in the doorway, watching with my mouth hanging open. I've never seen him dance. He's never told me he can. But he knew I would come home at this time, and I'm not sure what it means that he chose to show me now, but he did.
The liquid sleepiness is long gone from Sherlock's body; he is stiff and cannot take a proper breath, completely wasting the limited time he has with John in his arms. And then John's left hand moves into Sherlock's hair, and Sherlock tenses up even more severely. He tilts his head back.
The cottage smells like pipe smoke and pirates wearing oversized dresses with large flower patterns. And soon it smells like burning wood and sausages.
“One must do something to stave off boredom.” He goes for nonchalance, but he's too flustered to be the slightest bit convincing.
I closed my eyes and let my forehead fall against the wall. I was dizzy and my heart was racing. With my eyes closed, it felt as though he was still there; his tousled curls just inches from my fingertips, the warmth from his neck heating my palm.
He walks alone along the shore. When he reaches the lighthouse, where he always turns around to head back, he decides that he has to ask John. Just for clarification. Just to hear him say it:
John licks Sherlock’s neck and Sherlock’s body arches. John runs his hand across Sherlock’s torso. “Oh, you must have been starving.”
As the hours pass and carry him to dawn, this new truth is cemented in his body. Sherlock feels beautiful.
It is the sweetest New Year's Eve of John Watson's life. At ten a.m., he is woken up by a soft kiss to his lips and a smooth whisper in his ear:
He did not look like someone who had nearly fallen to his death but one hour before. He looked too gorgeous to be alive in the first place. His sharp features were even more cutting with the shadows highlighted by his black garments, and his crimson mouth outshone the red velvet in the room.
John watches when Sherlock goes back to the table. “You know the new year hasn't started yet, right?”
He was devastated at the truth about Morstan; I could see that. But there was something else there too. A sort of relief on his features. A return of will in his deep blue eyes. A sense of bad times coming to an end, and reality returning to the equilibrium it always strives for.
He thinks about it during his walk the next day. When he comes back inside, John is lying on top of his zebra sheets again. Sherlock joins him.
Sherlock finally whirled around, facing Holmes. “Don't pretend that's what you care about”, he spat. “You care about the future of the Moulin Rouge.”
“I was thinking some asters here”, John says as they walk past an empty flower bed. “They seem to be popular. We can look at it together, if there’s anything you want to have. Oh, and here’s the coneflowers. I got the pink ones; they looked the most cheerful to me. Echinacea purpurea-”
Stamford did give me space that day. I kept waiting for him to play the piano and make it all worse, but he didn't. He didn't have to, because I heard it anyway. I expected the joyous notes of
“And you are being an arse!” John is yelling now. “You broke my mug and couldn't even be bothered to clean up the mess?!”
Sherlock's mouth presses together tightly, chewing on words that seemingly taste bitter in his mouth. “I miscalculated the time zones.” His nose creases in disgust at this unforgivable mistake, then he turns on his heel and storms out of the store without helping with the groceries.
Before he'd taken more than two steps down the stairs I caught up with him, halting him with a hand on his upper arm. “Sherlock – please. Stay for a bit. Just talk to me.”
, teaching everyone both to lead and to follow, and avoiding gendered language. Two girls dancing together has been accepted for many years already, but very recently it's also less strange to see couples with two boys. I'm very proud to be a part of this change, and I'm touched when I see not only young male dancing couples, but also male couples from the older generation. We're making an impact on the entire dance culture and it's lovely!
He doesn't. But John must feel something of the same, because on the landing his hand settles briefly on Sherlock's hip.
I have never before heard of a boy being night-wooed. In my surprise, I find myself standing at the door without remembering actually getting out of bed. With no small amount of curiosity, I open it.
It hurt me that he truly believed that, but I chose to let it go for now. “Well, you can't tell without knowing the people I've known, can you?
“Yes.” Sherlock's voice is that precious liquid that can only be heard in the dark, when he's sated and calm.
He fell silent, nodding imperceptibly at me. There was something bright on his features, almost a smile. He had done what he could, and he must have been so relieved to let go. He had challenged everything he had learned and everything he had once decided that he should be. He had done it before all of his Paris, and it might as well have been before the whole world.
“I don't know, I suppose it's a chance to try it in a new way. They probably have a lot of fun doing it.”
John looks incredible in Sherlock's parents' kitchen. His hair looks softer, his jumper looks cosier, his face looks more at peace than Sherlock has ever seen it.
Even without him mentioning Sherlock's name, the implication was like a punch. He must have read it on my face, because I didn't need to answer before he winced and said:
“I loved you when you moved in with me. I loved you when you started touching me and made me blush with your outrageous innuendos. I loved you when you kissed me in the park. I loved you when I fell. I loved you when I was imprisoned. I loved you when I got your texts. I loved you when I came back to you. I loved you when you told me you loved me. I love you now.” His voice became a whisper. “Right now.”
John unlocked the door of 221 Baker Street, Sherlock stepped inside, John closed it behind them and suddenly Sherlock was crowded against the wall.
“That's actually beautiful”, Gregory said, slapping his warm hand onto my shoulder and keeping it there.
After a minute of quiet fighting, both of them trying not to giggle (and both of them failing), they reach an impasse. Their legs and feet are a complicated knot under the table; the warmth radiates from John's jeans and seeps through Sherlock's expensive suit trousers.
Suddenly Sherlock freezes, his free hand raised in the air and his mouth forming a circle. “Ohh John, that's it”, he breathes, his eyes darting quickly back and forth without seeing anything except what's in his mind.
“I love you”, I heard myself whisper into his sweat-soaked neck collar. “I don't think I've ever loved before you.”
Sherlock frowns. John seems to be looking virtually everywhere for something in a skirt who might be willing to lift it for him. Although now that he mentions it, it has been quite a while since Sherlock saw him do that.
I looked at him until I couldn't control myself any longer, my eyes screwing shut and my head falling back, breath cold and harsh in the back of my throat.
“Wait!” I said, and he looked at me questioningly. I was normally good at this, but it had never seemed as important as it did now, and I found nervousness tangling up my thoughts. “So… This is my door.” I gestured to the worn-off paint beside me, refusing to fidget just because I had given him such a bad line.
, he said. Now that she actually IS dead I can see that he really did mean that. He was unable to bury her and move on when she disappeared as she was still carrying his daughter in her womb, but by then she was no longer his wife but the enemy in our next case.
” His voice was different; softer, lacking that cutting edge of his own voice, but just as deep and strong.
Sherlock took a last step forward, pressing his forehead against mine as if trying to push reason into my brain. “It changes nothing”, he murmured. His piercing eyes were all I could see.
And then there are the moments in the privacy of my room, where the risk of getting caught is much smaller and the only thing stopping us from going too far is our sense of decency. You're not actually supposed to kiss someone at a night-wooing. Then again, William isn't supposed to be here in the first place, so the common rules are pretty hard to take seriously at this point. I lie on top of him, kissing the smooth skin of his throat, and the blanket is twisted up between us as a last token limit.
“It has come to my notice that you are having difficulties behaving, Sherlock”, Holmes said, stopping below the stage.
“Is there-” Sherlock sighs and looks down at John’s fingers on his skin. “Is there a reason for us not to enter certain stages at once?”
We walked past the room that he'd shared with three of the girls – dirty, messy, tacky as ever. Martha led me through another hallway, one that was quieter and emptier, until we reached a closed door with an ornamented sign on it. Sherlock's name was painted there in curly letters, red against gold.
When I got to the Moulin Rouge that day, it was nearly noon. I had finally fallen asleep with the sun carefully pouring sunlight into my room, little by little. Waking up, my heart was so full of words I couldn't get to the typewriter fast enough, but I also couldn't wait any longer to see Sherlock again. I hurried across the courtyard and into the dance hall.
Sherlock gives him a crazed smile, blood drenching half his face, and the residual fear twists John's stomach into anger. He stays quiet on their way home, setting his jaw, but Sherlock seems too dizzy to notice. John stays close behind him when they walk up the stairs to 221B.
is a celebration in Sweden on the 30th of April, to welcome the spring. We light bonfires and sing our traditional spring songs, the most common of which is
I look at him beside me. His hair looks pitch black when it's wet, slicked back to reveal his whole face to me. His lips are no longer blue, only a pale pink. His eyes are very bright.
“Where are you going?” John asks, but Sherlock doesn't turn when he walks into the bathroom and shuts the door.
“The Penniless Sitar-Player and the Hindu Dancer have to hide their love from the Evil Maharajah. The Maharajah still wants the Dancer, so they come up with lie after lie to keep the Dancer from having to spend the nights with him.”
They fall silent, looking at each other. A slow, soft smile spreads across John's face. It makes Sherlock want to cry, it's so beautiful.
John is so stunned that he lets Sherlock drag him by his hand through the lobby and back to the crime scene without a word. Sherlock doesn't even seem to know he's said something nice.
It isn't until half an hour later that John remembers the second one of Mycroft's kidnappings, a few weeks after his move to Baker Street. A pang of worry ignites the fear in John, spreading through him like cold smoke. John has never seen a danger night so far, which is why he was stupid enough not to make the connection. But while Sherlock always takes off on his own during cases, he has never left like this
William puts his fiddle into the open case and slackens the bow. I take the opportunity to stealthily admire his fiddle. It looks a bit odd, because it's covered in two different shades of varnish; there are uneven patches of a dark brown upon light, golden wood. Whoever made it must have run out of varnish in the middle of their work and finished the job with another hue. That won't affect the sound, though. If you know what to look for, which I do, you can see that this instrument is a masterpiece.
Somewhere behind me, hidden by flats and drapes, Moran was trying to find a clear path to aim. Both Sherlock and I were unaware of him creeping around the edges; all I could think about was reaching the stage. When I started the chorus again, Sherlock joined in the song.
Up until then, our adventures in my bed had been restricted to nights only. The stolen kisses that had seen daylight had all been kept within the walls of the Moulin Rouge, easily and often interrupted. Here in my room, everything was quiet except for us, the whole space ours to claim. It felt so wonderfully wrong, indulging in filthy kisses with afternoon sun begilding the window frame.
“Those are not conflicting interests. If you succeed, the Moulin Rouge succeeds, and vice versa. I'm seeing to what is best for everyone.”
He looked up at me, and when he spoke, his voice was low and intimate. “John, you don't actually like me.”
Sherlock glances longingly at the chocolate box but refuses to take one out of spite. When John puts one to Sherlock's lips, though, Sherlock lets it slip inside together with John's finger. Sherlock bites it, John hisses, and Mrs Hudson sighs reproachfully: “Boys.” She wins the game.
Sleeping together isn't what friends do, but Sherlock doesn't know that, and therefore it doesn't count. Still, it's less weird for an asexual person to invite someone to bed, than it is for a straight man to get into bed with another man, isn't it? Maybe John should refuse. He doesn't want Sherlock to get him wrong, because he just
Instinct told him to choose the tower. Mycroft said so. Mycroft's words weighed so heavily. There was still that little brother's eagerness for approval, that despair in getting it so very seldom. All his life, Sherlock had loathed himself for it. But no matter how many times he spat Mycroft's name and insisted that he was in charge of his own life, he had never managed to free himself of the weight of Mycroft's words.
He lives, sitting in Mycroft's office, arguing about how stupid he was to contact me and ruin all of their important plans when he should have understood I wouldn't welcome him anyway.
Two hours and another two untouched cups of tea later, the front door opens and closes. John stumbles up from the sofa, hearing the familiar clicking of posh shoes on the steps to 221B. He throws the door open just when Sherlock reaches the top of the stairs.
The only point of contact between them is their mouths; it shouldn't be so hot, but the intention in the slow slide of Sherlock's tongue is unmistakable. The lunatic is ready to snog John to madness right here through this ruddy gate, and if
I didn't realise the enormity of what he was still hiding from me. There have been times when I've been furious with him for not telling me and giving me the chance to console him. But I think that it was enough for him to be with me; to have me hold him like that, to hear me whisper my love into his hair. I think he would be upset with me if he found out that I believe I wasn't there for him, even if I didn't know it myself.
In the heart of the heart, the large theatre, lived a pulsing prism. Red curtains framing the stage, orange brassieres revealing smooth bellies, yellow gold ornaments on clothes and jewelled crowns, green and blue spotlights, indigo painted skin and violet skirts swirling in exotic dance. The Diamond Dogs were more fierce, more precise, more breathtaking than ever. They sang, voices high and dark and rough and clear; they danced, moving lithely and sensually and wildly and slowly; they told a story, and the joy of telling it was like explosions all over the stage.
He tore himself out of my grasp and hurried blindly away. I followed close behind him, speaking into his ear through gritted teeth.
I want her to know that SHE is MY idol. I want to support her in whatever path she chooses in her life. I want her to know that no matter what happens, she will always be admired by me; I want her to know without a doubt that I am the one person whose regard she will never lose.
The notorious elephant. A giant stucco animal that stood in the courtyard of the Moulin Rouge, almost as tall as the windmill itself. All windows had red glass, glowing seductively to lead the mind to scandalous fantasies about what might take place inside.
“It's been a long time since Moran got to use his gun”, Moriarty half-smiled, and his voice was like a haunting melody. “Don't worry; it doesn't mean he's out of practice. If he sees the writer set foot in the Moulin Rouge ever again…” He lurched forward, suddenly screaming: “
I hadn't realised that we were standing right behind the stage doors. Not until there was suddenly a white spotlight blinding my eyes. Beyond it, I could sense the expanse of a vast space filled with hundreds of attentive people.
“Does it feel good?” My voice leaked into my whisper by the strain not to move and finish too early.
It's already late. I suppose I could try another house tonight and hope to find someone who's turned everyone else down. But I know most of the girls in Drömme, and I know fairly well which boy will be with which girl. By the time I've made it back to the heart of the village my chances of finding someone will not be very high.
(Leksand-tunes after Roligs Per) – The polska Soling Jacob plays when John first enters the dance barn
My worries of the night were drowned in the fast wave of arousal. I could feel Sherlock's intense focus like touch on my skin, and in his searing kisses his single-minded determination. He lay on his back, his long legs wrapping around my waist and locking me there.
“You are clearly too stupid for this job”, Sherlock interrupted. “Is there anyone else with at least two brain cells that we can put on this?”
Sherlock looks at him approvingly when he does something right, and insults him through a fond expression when he does something wrong, and John can't believe that everyone doesn't love Sherlock Holmes. He is the most brilliant man John has ever met, and Donovan calls him a freak. He is effortlessly charming with his witty humour, deep chuckle and radiant smile, and Greg insists on the fact that he doesn't have friends. How blind they all must be. John would feel sorry for them, if he wasn't also selfishly joyous that he may have found a secret he gets to have for himself.
“That's not…” His eyes flickered away, then back to me again. “That's not what you're supposed to say. No one wants…”
But he was there. We entered the dance hall, which might as well have been a wholly different room from the night before. Where the dark hardwood floor had seemed blank and polished yesterday, the light now revealed scrapes of wear criss-crossing it. A number of chairs were haphazardly placed on it, and sitting on them were yesterday's dancers, now clad in less-revealing clothes. I spotted him immediately, my eyes automatically seeking the back of a curly head. He was dressed in a full suit today, black and fitted.
“Excellent”, Holmes said, then turned away. “How pleasing that you have already made the acquaintance of-” I mouthed my name at him, and he continued with barely a pause: “-John. I'm sure you cannot blame me for trying to hide him away.”
. Not even after I met William and saw how love can grow between any two people, not even then did I question the relationship of the two Soling men.
I couldn't say how long we stand like that. Time bends around John Watson too. But in the end time pours back into the room when whimpering sounds emerge from the cradle.
Sherlock strides to the back door and throws it open, fully expecting to see the beehives in a pile of rotten wood or something equally as frightful. But no; they stand in the middle of the lawn, looking stable just as described. What makes Sherlock stop short in the doorway is the state of the garden itself.
Sherlock was finally looking at me now. I looked back at his pale eyes, what seemed like the only two spots of light in the whole room. They drew me in, making me want to understand everything that I could see stirring in them.
I kept seeing Moriarty's dead stare before me. The way he had shut the doors behind him. And finally it hit me that the black cocktail in my guts didn't matter right now. I was not the victim of this night.
And now John has found a gap in his clothing. His fingers tease at the strip of skin exposed between Sherlock’s shirt and trousers. Sherlock mouth hangs open but he holds his breath not to let on just how affected he is by this.
As I pick up the sandpaper, William finds himself a chair. He drags it to my desk, swings it around and straddles it, folding his arms on top of the backrest. I try to ignore his gaze on me when I stroke my fingers across the dusty surface of the top plate, reminding myself of the spots that still need work.
“Sherlock”, I whispered, my voice having run out. He wasn't coming back. The realisation made my leg almost give out underneath me when I went for the windmill entrance.
It surprised me how much I wanted this job. I wanted this new life, one where I was not ex-captain Watson who was broken by the war, but the penniless artist John who didn't need anything but his typewriter and enough scraps of food to survive. I wanted to blend into the motley group of bohemians and be one of them because I had talent – because I, just as they, could seize a whiff of air and extract the poetry hidden in it. Stamford was the only one who knew that I was far more educated than all of them together, and no one else asked about my past. It gave me the illusion of having been given a brand new life, and I desperately wanted to keep it.
“Why?” he finally asks, and I can hear his frustration at not being able to find the answer himself.
I let my arms fall to my sides. With the motion of surrender, all power drained out of me. I was panting hard, and my left hand spasmed. Gregory slowly let me go. When I looked around, every pair of eyes in the theatre were trained on me.
They consume one another, exhalations becoming inhalations, mouths closing around smooth skin, sweat absorbed through their pores.
Every time John transfers her to my arms I imagine that I will hold her for twenty minutes at the most. A moment of half-lying on the sofa with her on top of my chest, looking out the window, mentally preparing the next experiment I plan to conduct.
He keeps stroking Sherlock's warm back, and Sherlock's body seeks out his hand, rising into his touch, the air drawn into his lungs following John's movement. John moves on to the wonderfully vulnerable skin of his neck, causing Sherlock's head to tip back and reveal his blissful face. John leans down, brushing the tip of his nose across the bridge of Sherlock's. Sherlock moves lazily against him, and it feels more right than John had dared hope it would, after so long without it.
Frantic violin tunes from upstairs clutter the air when John opens the door. He sighs; angry strings weren't exactly what he hoped to listen to when unwinding after work. Maybe he can coax Sherlock into putting the violin down and having some tea with him.
I still haven't told anyone about my night-visitor. At the beginning I might have been able to; I could have told my family or friends about this weird thing that happened to me… but at this point there's no way anyone would understand. William might be weird for knocking on my door every Sunday night, but in that case I'm just as weird for letting him in.
He looked at me for a few silent beats. With no energy left to fight, he simply said: “You have no idea what you're talking about”, and turned away to get his coat.
William's eyes have gone very wide. I feel tears building up as I bravely hold his gaze and continue:
I take one step into Sidensjö's dance barn the following Saturday and already I ask myself why in God's name I've never come here to dance before. The air is alive with gleaming cascades of notes from one lone fiddle. The dance floor is whirling in a wild polska. Men stomp their feet into the wooden floor hard enough to send up sparks from the soles of their shoes; women's skirts stand out like bluebells.
It was so good a performance, so close to the Sherlock he had once tried to fool me that he was, that I felt an irrational twist of worry. He sauntered down the stairs, exaggerating the movement of his hips from side to side when he slowly drew closer to Moriarty.
“I saw that you were extraordinary, John. I have never in my life seen anything so beautiful. All I wanted was to exist by your side and
There was a slight tremble on the highest note, but my voice didn't break. I braved a look at their faces, and I could see that I held their attention.
I lifted his hand. One of us was trembling. Could have been both. I took his pulse. Wouldn't have heard his suppressed whimper if I hadn't been standing so close. His pulse was jumping under my fingertips and I forced myself to believe the evidence that Sherlock was alive.
He broke the kiss and sat up. I made to follow him, but he stopped me with a hand on my shoulder. I was lying on my side on top of the covers, and he shuffled around to lie back down with his head in the opposite direction. I didn't have time for coherent thought before he scooted closer to me, his erection pushing against my mouth. My lips fell open and I instinctively started sucking, relishing the tiny moan from somewhere below me.
Somewhere on top of the hill, Sherlock is waiting for him in the garden of a posh mansion. They've spent the night working on catching the thief living there, and they were chasing her across the grounds when Sherlock slipped in the wet grass. He must have sprained his ankle or something, because he didn't make it to the gate in the wall surrounding the mansion before it shut. The criminal made it through though, John hot on her heels.
From the outside, the Moulin Rouge looked like a pulsing heart in the middle of the grey and worn village. Through the glass doors the red vestibule promised heat and passion, and the curtain fringes of gold created an illusion of glamour and fortune. The beating of deep bass seeping out from the walls quivered in the gut. It taunted pedestrians with the magnificent musical taking place inside, reminding everyone of what they missed.
The next time I became aware of my surroundings, it had become dark outside. I had written several new scenes, and I just needed to polish them up a bit before packing the typewriter in its case and heading home. But then the door opened and in came a woman with curly, dark-blonde hair in a knot.
This time, when Sherlock is in danger, John's heart all but stops in his chest, refusing to beat if Sherlock's doesn't. And this time, it was far too close.
I forced myself to feel it. To see him for all that he is. He is the man I met in the lab somewhere below us, five years ago. He is the wonder I couldn't take my eyes off with the powdered sugar on his nose and the night sky in his eyes. He is the person I shared everything with for a brief eternity of our lives. He is the one who stood on this roof, cried and told me farewell, he is the one who lay on the pavement in a pool of someone else's blood. He is someone who was imprisoned for months, afraid to die while everyone thought he was dead already, because no-one would notice and so no-one would care. He is the shell of a human being who came back.
Sherlock's clothing is impeccable despite the night's drama. The dark lines of his suit are perfect in the dim light, the crisp shirt strains over his fit chest. John wonders if he always dresses like that. He should; it suits him. And his curls, dramatic and tastefully tamed at the same time. The black hair and jacket make his skin look smooth and pale, disappearing under his unbuttoned collar. He looks like the smell of night air, dark and fresh and dangerous. The slice of his cheekbones is cold and the swell of his lips hot, like a wild run through a winter alley.
Folk tunes often have names like “Polska after Soling Jacob”. This is when the composer is unknown, which is the case with the majority of folk music. The “after” means that that person is the one who played it, often at the time when people went around and recorded/wrote down Swedish folk music in the 70s. If you don't know the composer – who did you learn it from? That person's basically the one giving name to the tune!
Midges come out when the sun is gone, and we finally go inside. We all start preparing for bed; all but Harriet and our mother, who wrap themselves in scarves to protect them from the midges. They're going back outside to pick seven flowers each. This is a tradition that my mother insists on continuing, even though she married a long time ago. There's something about the magic of the summer solstice, she says, that she just can't bring herself to miss out on.
I know he finds me handsome too. He told me the other week, whispered into my skin. When he's watching me like this I feel bold; I feel like the strongest boy on the dance floor.
A man was sitting on a trapeze, a single spotlight making the smoke around him white and the silver in the air glisten. His long legs were artfully bent, his smooth skin white under the large squares of his black net stockings, disappearing into a pair of stilettos sharp as knives. He was dressed in a petite top that left his slim shoulders bare and revealed his navel and the artful curve of his lower back, and a pair of tiny shorts that left the whole length of his thighs exposed. The clothes were glistening as if they were made, not of fabric, but of a thousand jewels clinging to his skin. His face lay in shadow from the top hat on his head, only an earring sparkling underneath the brim. The curve of a blood-red mouth stood out against the black and silver of his image. The blue light made his pale skin glow like a diamond.
Sherlock slides his hand over John’s pectorals, back and forth. Those muscles feel as firm as they look.
“No, do you have any idea how long I've been waiting to do this?” His hand moves into Sherlock's hair – bliss. “Your bloody case can bloody wait.” And he turns back and kisses Sherlock again. “I love you”, he says, and he smiles so brilliantly, and no, no, no, this is stupid,
that you are still in your sleepwear, John. I was simply refraining from acknowledging it, as it would only serve to encourage this lazy morning behaviour on your part.”
Every pair of eyes in the room were trained on him. Every breath was held when he slowly started to make his way towards the stage stairs.
Sherlock doesn't seem prepared to do anything in order to get into bed, so John sets to work on his shirt buttons. When he slides the fabric off Sherlock's shoulders, it strikes him how vulnerable Sherlock is. He is barely conscious, and his miles of pale skin shine in the darkness of the bedroom.
Sherlock glares, but John is all too used to his glare and simply starts searching his bag for a toothbrush. It's true; they
So in the end I give up. I simply step back with a sigh that makes my shoulders drop. William's smile turns into a grin when he crosses my threshold.
I have never felt so uselessly slow as when I hurled myself up the last stairs. When I finally slammed into Moran, he was as surprised as I was. I didn't have time to think, not even to remember the gun I had seen in his belt. But it didn't matter, because he didn't have a chance to recover before I knocked him to the floor, the storm inside me pouring into a precise punch. I only spared a second to confirm his lost consciousness before I raced on to the door.
When John just looks at him expectantly, he sits down on the side of the bed, removes his shoes, then lies down on top of the covers. The sheets are a pale pink with stylised zebras on them.
No, Sherlock, that's not all that matters. What matters is I was your boyfriend and we were supposed to talk to each other and help each other. What matters is I cared more about you than anyone else, and I won't believe you didn't know that. There must have been another way.
The fifth year, John is so furious that he decides to make the biggest mistake of his life. He marries a woman right before the eyes of the love of his life. Then he punishes himself for it by listening to Sherlock give the most soul-baring love declaration of all time, in front of everyone John knows (except for Harry, who makes a point of not supporting the idiocy). Well, he didn't know Sherlock would say all those things, so he didn't exactly inflict that particular punishment on himself. He most definitely did inflict it on Sherlock, though, and he tries to feel that they are even.
They eat toast for lunch. Now and then their eyes lock across the table. Sherlock can physically see the moment John starts thinking about something indecent. He wants to ask what it is, but he fears he will never recover.
Sherlock's hands are carefully moving; one fingering delicately on John's hot neck to send sparks skittering down his back, one stroking up and down his chest. When his fingers brush John's nipple through his white t-shirt, a delicious shudder goes through John to redirect his blood flow.
Moriarty was standing in front of his chair. His face was sinister, and he held his hands clasped behind his back. He didn't move.
Sherlock jumps, and the summer disappears around him as if it had never been there. He blinks towards the cracked ceiling above the sofa, and as soon as the Baker Street living room floods his senses, he knows that he has been unforgivably fanciful. Childish. Laughable.
. It feels perfectly natural that this is the place they’re going to, not Baker Street – even though they lived there together for thirty years. As if this is where they were always supposed to end up.
He is. It's impossible not to notice. When he daringly draws attention to the grace of his body like that, I find my eyes sweeping over him from head to toe. Today he's wearing a white shirt with his black trousers and braces. It makes him look elegant and sharp; clean lines and colourless contrasts. It makes me notice the pink of his cheeks and lips in a way I don't think I'm supposed to.
After that first script reading, I was feeling optimistic about the production. Everyone was on board with the script, everyone seemed happy. So when Sherlock suddenly crowded my personal space with a dark scowl, I was unprepared for his displeasure.
It was John who persuaded him to come here, of course. Said it's mandatory to attend your mother's sixtieth birthday. Sherlock would have tried to get out of it if John had not promised to come with him.
“John”, I said absently. Across the room, Sherlock was thrown off-balance by someone dancing, and he accidentally disturbed the two women kissing in the corner.
“Can't afford a new one”, he answers and closes the distance, occupying her enough to drop the issue.
, I want to add, but his all-seeing eyes are already darting over my face, hands and the legs of my trousers, so I don't think I need to explain. Instead I take a moment to watch him. There's no other way to put it; he looks stunning.
I nodded at her, then got back to work. She lingered for a moment before she disappeared, leaving me alone in the room.
Sherlock's façade slipped and his face hardened. He couldn't resist getting a jab back: “Well, it certainly took you long enough”, he spat. Next second, he could have bitten off his own tongue.
Sherlock lies on his back and parts his legs. As John slots into place between them, Sherlock draws his legs up to wrap them around John’s back. They groan together when their erections touch, only two thin layers of fabric separating them.
Back then, the golden heart-opening on the elephant's head attracted the eye alluringly in the darkness. A glimpse of the softly glowing interior spoke of love and secrets. Back then, there was a man moving inside; as if he were the one bringing life to the buildings, to the city, to the night.
One night, he lured me out to have drinks with him and a couple of his friends. I felt achingly lonely in the dingy pub despite the friendly company. They were young and brimming with energy and passion, and though currently frustrated with the musical they were working on, they were undamaged people.
The thirty-fourth year, Sherlock's brilliant focus and mad determination are focused on his new bee colonies. John watches the sharpness of Sherlock's mind through his pale irises and cannot help but blogging about it, not caring that the viewing numbers go down sharply without the detective work.
that? When he kisses Sherlock with purpose – knowing what he wants and taking it – it is like a bomb going off in Sherlock’s brain.
My feet barely touch the floorboards. The beat of the polska lifts me up and drives me forward, and it feels as though I'm springing on top of the exuberant fiddle tones. When I throw us into a spin we might as well have been flying. I don't know how he does it, but this fiddler does all the work for us; all we have to do is let ourselves be lifted into the air.
If I'm SURE? I am so anxious to hold her ridiculous five pounds and eight ounces that I can barely sit.
The door was wrenched open behind me. I turned around to see Sherlock standing motionlessly in the doorway. My gaze swept over him; the tightly buttoned coat, the intimidating raised collar, the gloves hiding the soft skin of his hands. I couldn't make sense of his expression behind the thin veil, but the stiff set of his shoulders and the absence of a bag immediately told me something was wrong.
I met his eyes again, still shaking my head. I had planned on reasoning logically with him, but I no longer remembered what to say. My throat was tightly closed, refusing to let my voice through.
John releases him now and leans back in his car seat. A spark in his eye says he knows exactly what Sherlock is thinking about. Without a word, he finally starts the engine and pulls out of the parking lot, leaving Sherlock to starestupidly at him and his wondrous little mouth, wanting more.
She has another boy inside, then. If I'm being honest with myself it's probably Mura Bill, going by the number of dances they shared yesterday. I guess I just didn't want to admit it to myself; I didn't want to let go of the raspberry dreams that kept me sane this winter.
And so the cold, calculating machine, the careless drug addict, the cheap whore and the expensive prostitute, the selfish actor and the cruel lover, the dying man, used his last strength to raise himself from the floor. He straightened in front of the audience even when it made his chest burn. He let them see everything. His exposed skin, his shining tears, his withering lungs. His face was afraid and unsure in a way Sherlock Holmes prided himself on never being.
John pulls out his mobile to call Lestrade again. Sherlock, the utter bastard, actually looks bored. John notes that it's now just three minutes until midnight which only infuriates him further.
He was so occupied by his own antics that he didn't see me coming. When he rolled onto his back, I pounced on him, grabbing his wrists and pinning them to the floor by his head. He stopped screaming in surprise, his mouth shutting with a snap. The carpet fell off him, and he blinked up at me where I hovered over him on my hands and knees – not touching, but crowding him completely.
Onto the empty dance floor strides Holm William. His chest is puffed out to convey utter confidence. Confidence in his body, in his dance, in the fact that he and no one else owns these floorboards for as long as the halling lasts. I find myself waiting with bated breath for what he will do.
The forty-ninth year, they fight over who gets to die first. John wins, arguing that Sherlock already died once so it would only be fair. Sherlock reluctantly concedes his point, and then he grieves it for days until John pinches him hard on the upper arm to make him realise John is not gone yet. He is still quite healthy, in fact, and proves it by taking Sherlock to bed.
I led the way up the stairs, feeling my body shift into military posture under the stress of having Sherlock right behind me. His steps were quiet despite the high heels.
Life is very carefully starting to make a bit of sense again. Like the careful hope of spring when the light returns in January. I work. I go home. I have stopped asking when I want to go to Baker Street, I just come here. Sherlock exists here, so I exist beside him. Sometimes we talk. Mostly that's not really what we need. Sometimes we laugh. That, we really need.
He takes a deep breath. It stays painfully in his lungs, refusing to release all the way when he rises from his chair. He looks at Sherlock, sitting motionless at the kitchen table, staring into his microscope.
And I did. I had written this song from the core of my heart, and I had seen it rehearsed a hundred times. I easily fell into Molly's part. Sherlock kept me close, and that was enough to calm me and let go of whatever was going on around us. The way he didn't quite manage to keep his eyes off me made it easy to stay focused on him and him only.
It was late in the afternoon when I felt his eyes on me. I didn't look up at first, cowardly, dragging out the moment when I had to face whatever was between us now. But I could sense his eyes coming back to me, and I couldn't resist for very long.
Sherlock jumps out of the living room sofa. This is pointless. He cannot find a way to navigate their current circumstances, and he cannot change the past. He needs to come up with something else entirely; something novel and fresh.
Sherlock's slow breathing is loud, and John wants to burrow into the safety of that sound. And Sherlock's hair is amazing. John realises how much he's been wondering what it would feel like to do just this. When Sherlock falls asleep it feels intimate, and John watches the end of the movie with a silly smile in the corner of his lips, never pausing his hand's brushing through Sherlock's hair.
Obviously I do not sleep. When I got home to 221B Baker Street I was met with the chaos of two men having left the flat in a hurry, first me and later John. The floor was covered with the files I was browsing when I finally found my lead, and beside the sink a jar of jam was open from John's evening snack.
Holmes picked up his heavy fountain pen. The nib screeched as he scratched his signature into the fibres of the paper.
Sherlock looks down at John’s hand, still gently brushing against his own. He turns his hand and intertwines their fingers. Staring at their joined hands, he wonders why he is so profoundly moved by this gift of John’s. It’s just that the few times he dared to dream of them becoming involved, he still never imagined that John would be romantic with him in a way that
When our eyes are locked, time stops moving forward in the usual way. Instead it fleets out like a pond on top of my sheets, the surface still and glassy.
I struggled not to smile at the innuendo. My acting abilities really were nowhere near Sherlock's mastery; he was haughty and snappy, nothing revealing what our plans for tonight were.
It's too quiet. It's gone on for too long. Surely Anderson and Donovan should react at this point, surely Lestrade should have some unreasonable scruples about kissing at crime scenes.
I tried not to move. My crouch behind the table was uncomfortable at best, but there was no space for even a breath of a movement when Moriarty strode forward. His shoes thumped heavily on the Persian carpet. There was a loaded silence, and I held my breath until Sherlock exclaimed:
“They can't see us in here.” He let me sneak a sweet taste of his bottom lip, a heavy breath gusting out through his nose onto my cheek.
When John shuffles into the kitchen, Sherlock is standing by the sink, fully dressed. His coat hangs open over his suit, his scarf lies untied around his neck. In one hand he holds a cup he's gulping coffee from, and in the other he holds John's jacket.
Halfway there I encounter a couple of policemen. Not quite as quick as I am, as per usual. Thankfully they recognise me and do not question my right to hold her. As they pause to exchange a few short words I keep expecting them to see that I do not belong here and tear her from my arms. The fact that they don't, that they leave her with me, shakes me in a deep way I am not yet prepared to process.
The young boy, with all his boyish awkwardness, is gone. In his place is a fiddler completely in control of his instrument. I've seen many fiddlers play; when they come into my father's workshop to try out his fiddles, they work until they sweat to get the instrument to show its whole potential. Still I've heard none of them coax out every bit of sound a fiddle is capable of the way this boy does. I've seen none of them use the entire length of the bow with any kind of smoothness. This boy bows with large, sweeping gestures as though it's no effort at all.
The breath finally leaves John's stiff lungs. He walks into the bathroom to brush his teeth. He wishes he could just trust himself. He
When they go to bed on the first night, it feels as though they know each other significantly better than they did yesterday.
He glances at me. “I came here, didn't I? This is the Wattbacka house, which I've spent the evening looking for, so it's hardly a surprise for me to find myself inside it. The Wattbacka fiddle maker has two children, twins, and you are clearly not the female of the pair, hence you are John. Not to mention the fact that I came here for you specifically.”
All his studying did not prepare him for the sensation of the peculiar state of matter that a bee cluster is. It is surprisingly warm in there, and he can feel hundreds of tiny bee feet picking at his fingers. The wings brush softly against his skin. Sherlock cups his hand and gently separates a big handful of bees from the cluster. They are reluctant to let go of each other, but they are not at all defensive; a swarm has no home, no brood and no honey to protect, and is therefore docile.
Three images of Sherlock Holmes stood before him, one in each mirror. They all lived in the same brutal reality, they were all preparing for cruelty, about to go and break the only heart that had ever been true to them. They lifted their hands to pull down the veil attached to the brim of the hat. Their faces were cast in shadow behind the thin net, but the eyes still glinted with unshed tears.
John lets his eyelids slide shut and slowly lets go of the awareness of the room around him. The only thing he brings with him into sleep is the warm weight in his arms.
I reached out and put my hands lightly on his waist, letting my nose graze the warmed silk on his shoulder.
Then he started talking. I can hardly remember what he talked about, it was some experiment he had conducted that day, something about mud? Or something equally harmless. The important thing was of course his voice, that's why he did it. It was calm, quiet, private.
After a lengthy stay at the hospital where a persistent fever almost took me, I was so weak that I was promptly sent back to England. I found London had greyed in my absence, and now it was only rain-striped air and hidden faces under colourless umbrellas. I had no one, and nothing to do, and so I was free as air – or as free as an income of eleven shillings and sixpence a day will permit a man to be. I rented a small room that nonetheless seemed too big for my sparse set of clothes, my cane and my shrunken soul.
The twenty-first year, John understands nothing of what is going on. Rosie stomps on the stairs and slams the doors, making the flat shake dramatically around her confused Daddy. Sherlock claims to understand, because he has made spreadsheets, but John is unconvinced that this helps.
“And Mycroft found me”, Sherlock confirmed. “He offered me a spot at his newly-founded nightclub, to protect me and help me to an acting career, if I stopped taking the drugs. You see, I don't need your pity, John. I have a roof above my head, I have nice clothes, and I have an opportunity to become a real actor. That's important to me, it's- it's important.”
The sound sliced through me like a knife. The whole dance floor was still entranced by the performance, trembling in anticipation of the climax, apparently not seeing what I saw; how Sherlock's head tipped back, how his chest heaved. The suits lifted their arms, urging on the explosion of the ending, but Sherlock didn't sing. His hands slipped on the trapeze ropes, he tipped backwards, and he fell.
John wonders if they could start wrestling again even though they are adults. Then he tries to stop wondering.
I said his name, but he didn't turn. I went to stand beside him, watching his pale profile. His eyes were wide and dark, staring straight ahead, and the shadows across his face made the angles sharp, barely human. He looked… frightening. And I saw him in Bulgaria, sitting in a glassless window, preparing to kill or be killed, breathing cigarettes his only comfort. All alone. All untouchable and dark and hard edges, and so breakable.
Sherlock scoffed and looked away. “You know, I used to think that you could fix anything. But I was wrong the whole time, wasn't I?” When he looked back at Holmes, his eyes were hard. “You're just another weak man, jumping at any opportunity to use others for status and wealth.”
Sherlock had been so certain that kissing was not for him any longer. He has forgotten how to kiss well; it didn’t seem like an ability he needed to save in his hard drive. For the first time in his life that seems not to matter. And anyway,Sherlock doesn’t have enough presence of mind to analyse what he’s doing. He is too busy with the way John tenderly forms his lips to fit around Sherlock’s upper lip.
He lifts his chin from the chin rest now, his long neck stretching when he looks out over the dancing couples rushing around him. He looks defiant. The focus of his gaze is shockingly intense; I've never seen anything like it – someone absorbing everything around him like that. Yet the music never falters; his fiddle almost plays itself in his hands while he surveys the room.
“Mmm, almost”, John mumbles. “I got stuck at the end, and then I felt sleepy… Hey, could you help me out?”
He started in the shower this morning. I'd decided on a slow Sunday so I took my time waking up. The white sheets were clean and warm, the curtains were framed by a thread of sunlight, the water was splashing against the floor on the other side of the bedroom wall. And his rumbling voice echoed between the tiles, found some frequency where it made the whole room sing.
Though we were singing our duet right in front of Moriarty, neither of us had a look to spare for him. It was as though he wasn't important any more. As if he never had been. But he was sitting next to a bouquet with dozens of roses, and he was being publicly disobeyed and humiliated. When he saw his plan crash and crumble before him, the penniless writer ruining his game, he was prepared to take me out right there on the stage.
If John didn't know better, he'd think Sherlock is cross. But he does know better. He definitely does: “But you're a detective. You literally work with bringing justice into the world.”
The rest of the time I work. I solve low-risk cases from emails and phone calls; I do a few experiments on harmless materials. The time I spend on work is about a third of what I usually do and yet I am never bored.
John's heart pounds heavily in his chest. Sherlock doesn't shy away from the electric field of their eye contact, and it gives John courage to say the word, new and terrifying on his tongue.
She scoffs. “He doesn't care what I call him, because he's a psychopath. Can't imagine what it would take for anyone to put up with that – he must be a good shag.”
William's mouth suddenly snaps shut. He watches me warily, and I know I need to say something. I just have a hard time speaking around the lump in my throat. William wants to spend his life with me too. And I can tell from the excited way in which the words trip out of him how much it means to him that
Then we watched a movie. We sat close enough on the sofa that I could sense him move, I could sense his heat. Or maybe that was only that strange magnetic field that develops between our bodies. I could sense his scent though, I'm certain of that.
John kisses the way Sherlock always wished that his lovers would. The way he started to think he was foolish to hope for.
Sherlock looked over his shoulder in panic, seeing Moran raise the gun. “No”, he pleaded, “John”, tears drawing stripes in his stage powder.
At once I am dizzy and have to sit in my chair. He did not mean just her; he meant the display of her and me. And we ARE lovely; I already knew that. Still it's thrilling to know that he sees it too.
He thinks about how he’s growing soft in his old age. He has let life with John smooth his sharp edges, and after their marriage he even lets it show. It is all quite surprising; he didn’t expect to reach this age in the first place. Now his life has suddenly taken a new, unpredictable direction. What the future in this Sussex cottage holds for him, and how he will grow within it, he does not know.
John can make it look so grim, that mouth. Hard and commanding. Tense and disapproving. Sherlock had not comprehended the extent of what John had kept from him.
“But I have never been in a relationship, as such. I might have believed I was, but I realise now that there are many more components to a relationship than I have previously thought, and I never had one where every component was present. Friendship, romantic feelings, sexual feelings… it’s too much to hypothesise about what it would be like to fit all that into my life.”
My chest tells me to scream at him until he's deaf. My fists tell me to hammer into him until he's broken. My body contracts and tenses and boils until my skin can barely hold it in, it's too much pressure, it's all about to get out and then John Watson will be no more.
is the master, rather than being limited by it. There's an enticing paradox there. To defy gravity like that, you have to be strong as an ox, but William moves with a grace that hides his strength from the unobservant eye.
He is one with the world around him. And when Sherlock sees his face, he sees that also the beautiful Afghanistan sky lives in the soldier's eyes, and the sun lives in his smile. After watching him for a few minutes, Sherlock has practically forgotten why he is there.
Sometimes John gets this tight feeling in his lungs when Sherlock does that. When Sherlock is being so ridiculously, achingly, adorably
His fingers inched down between the necklace and Sherlock's throat, making it even tighter. Sherlock could feel every single diamond dig into tender skin. His mouth opened, sucking in air through his closing windpipe. Involuntary tears formed in his eyes.
saw it, and you are less idiotic than the common man.” I'm too awed by this new information to even roll my eyes before he goes on, speaking fast: “Soling Alfred's mother is a wise-woman in Sidensjö. Bakar Martha – she's eighty years old, probably doesn't have many years left. The Bakar house will go to Alfred when she dies; I've already talked to him about it, and he's willing to sell it to us. It's the perfect size for you and me. There's even room for a wood workshop in the house – you can start a fiddle-making practice in a few years, and I can play for money, and-”
“Yes”, he whispered. “I've known it from the moment I saw you. I have been looking for you my whole life.”
“So, without further ado. Michael, why don't you…” He looked at Stamford and waved his umbrella, “… take it away.”
His blazing eyes turned to me the way a hawk fixes its gaze on its prey. “Oh, of course”, he sneered. It was the first time he had looked at me at all that day, and my skin was tingling as though physically touched by his gaze. “The ex-soldier who has never worked with art of any kind knows more about musical compositions than
My words hurt him more than I could have guessed. Because however brief his time here was, it wasn't too late for him yet. He couldn't leave without me knowing that he
I know the story behind this one. It's a tune by Dalfors Hans in Ore, one of the greatest fiddlers of Sweden. Legend says that he made the polska for his true love, Sammeles Anna, and played it at her wedding to her first dance with her husband.
Before John Watson, he had taken such great pleasure in being alone. But, now that he didn't have to be, it was harder than ever to learn again.
"One of my men had infiltrated the base right after they had taken you away, and he managed to get a hold on where they were taking you and contact us before you got too far." Mycroft bitter expression suddenly falls, and an almost haunted look pulls at the corners of his eyes. "I was certain we were already too late when they took you away. They told him you were dead, and I was certain I was going looking for a corpse, but when you weren't there, we saw your footprints in the sand leading away from the spot you had been dumped, and I knew that somehow, you were still alive. We went to find you after that. I wasn't going home without you." His brother says, his tone stern, though his eyes were brighter than before.
Suddenly, from above them, the sound of the door opening echoed through the basement, and the two shared a look. Effie bit at her lip again, the softness in her eyes disappearing completely, only to be replaced with a soldier's cold front, and she nodded at him. "She's here. Get back." She hissed.
Effie looked confused, and he recognized the look as his 'isn't it obvious' look. "Because... She's pregnant. Come on, mate, even you can see that."
With careful steps, the doctor crossed the living room into the kitchen where he pulled the scissors out of the drawer. He struggled to get them down far enough over the ropes without slicing his skin, but eventually, he was able to cut the twine. Once the twine was slit, he threw the scissors down on the counter, and unraveled his hands.
It only took a minute before his partner finally gave in to the pleading, tear-filled obsidian eyes that he loved so much, and leaned down to capture his lips, holding him close to his body, like he were afraid to let go. Once they did, he buried his face in Jim's hair while the criminal nuzzled his nose into his neck. "You know... I'm kinda thinking Italy."
When the detective turned to face her, he noticed she was holding out a MP-443 Grach handgun, identical to her own. He eyed it suspiciously. "Why are you giving this to me?" He asked.
"I'll shoot him, Dr. Watson! If you take one more step, he dies!" His voice was deep and booming, like thunder, but, miraculously, John did not seem phased.
The woman known as Mary Morstan faltered, her gun lowering to her side, and just as another trail of tears trickled down her face, she placed her hand on her belly. "No, John. No, you won't be taking her. I won't let you." She whispered.
"What's the best part?" Sherlock said with a tiny smile forming at his lips. He already knew the best part, he just loved to hear John say it.
He hated listening to John's voice in his head, especially at a time like this, but he couldn't ignore it.
"Not quite." Came a gravelly woman's voice from the other end of the phone. She chuckled lightly at his stunned silence. "Sorry."
The last few months since my last update have been insane. My family is an on-again-off-again mess, more or less in shambles on occasion, leaving me working two jobs to support my siblings, plus, my car broke down, so I've been working almost every day to get up the money to fix it. On top of all of this, due to my fucked up family, my mental health hasn't been the greatest, and I just honestly haven't been able to find the motivation to write anything for a long time. There's been a lot of reading, but I can't feel inspired, and it's been really rough just to sit and write. I know it's a shitty excuse, but it's true.
as they say, when you're my age. That's why I was always so adamant about knocking down these rumors about us."
always be easy, especially right away, but as long as they were together for it, nothing could hurt them. Together, they were iron, they were steel, they were the strongest adhesive for a world falling apart at the seams... They were invincible.
father. I want to be there, I want to make sure my kid knows that I love them to bits and would never do anything to hurt them. I could
The assailant leans down and Sherlock suddenly sees the man's all-too-familiar eyes, cold and piercing and which make his stomach flip like he's going to be sick, and he tries so desperately to get away as tears begin to prick at the corners of his eyes. He tries to scream, but the hand only tightens. "Think before you scream,
Sherlock ran forward, but was quickly grabbed by Greg, who was surprisingly strong, and held on tight, preventing him from running back into the burning building, no matter how much Sherlock screamed.
Mary made a noise deep in her throat that sounded like a strangled sob, and she took a step forward, pointing her gun directly at Effie this time. "You can't clear your record, Effie." She snarled, her voice dripping poison. "You're as bad as me, you always will be."
John remained absolutely stagnate for more than two minutes, not even allowing himself to breathe. He listened for breathing, creaking floorboards, light tapping, anything that would indicate the presence of another person in the room. Besides the occasional dull roar of a car rolling by or the sound of the furnace kicking on, there was nothing.
"Thank you, Greg." Then, finally, the doctor stomped down the stairs of 221B and crawled into a cab, his mind on Sherlock the entire time. At one point, he ran his hand down over the waistband of his jeans, checking to make sure the gun was still there. He smiled to himself when he felt the familiar outline before taking out his phone and typed out a long, detailed message to Mycroft. Just in case.
A silence falls over them as they both take in what John's just said, and then, they look at each other, and they both burst into a fit of giggles. Sherlock drops his head onto John's chest while John tries control his laughter, just like they had done in Buckingham Palace, or at their first crime scene.
He kept bringing his eyes back to the photograph of his wife, dark haired and wearing sunglasses as she climbed into a black car. He hadn't yet seen the name Mary Morstan come up in the printed file, so he figured the name had came after she disappeared. He didn't know what to say or think, all he wanted to do was scream.
And John Watson, bless his soul, accepted it. "I'll tell you this, love isn't something you can just research, Sherlock, you just have to feel it. I know you can, you obviously do. It's confusing and overwhelming, but... It can be something beautiful. It can be hard, believe me, we've definitely gone through enough, and it isn't going to be easy in the beginning. It never is, for anyone. Then, one day, you're laying in bed on a lazy Sunday morning with the love of your life, and you realize everything is perfect for once. It's... Beautiful."
"This is... New to me, John." He whispered finally. "I buried my feelings until they were screaming in my head, which sounds absurd, but it's true. My mind is a mess, but you keep me right. You always kept me right. I don't know a damn thing about love, but I'll damn well learn for you. I... I don't want to be with anyone else. Ever."
"Because you're the only person who's taken the time to take care of me. You were the first person who ever made me question the sociopath label, and that's saying something." He replies, the 'isn't it obvious' look threatening to come out. "John, after knowing me for less than twenty-four hours, you killed the man who threatened my life, saving me, and you never thought twice about it. I fell in love with that when I didn't even think I was
John held his arms out as far as he could behind him, and very slowly got to his feet, removing them from the chair. He was free from it.
At that thought, Sherlock's heart becomes erratic. Suddenly the surface becomes much closer than he remembers it being, and he breaks through the thick water where everything is white and he can't see, but he can hear frantic voices and a loud, shrill beeping sound, but over everything else, he hears one voice that he knows he recognizes in the back of his head.
There's a pause in the air, leaning on awkward, until Mycroft shifts awkwardly in his seat and clears his throat. "You should know, I spoke with Mrs. Hudson today." He states.
His eyes swept over the floors, searching for the source of the voice. "I'm glad you think so!" He called in response, his voice echoing through the walls. "You've done a bang up job on my restraints. Is that why? Are you worried I'm clever enough to escape?"
There was a rumble of laughter from the kitchen in response, which made Jim smile. He would never admit to anyone else that he liked the occasional domesticity of his relationship with Sebastian Moran, but he did. His favorite sniper, and the only man-or woman for that matter-who had been able to cut through the angry, evil persona that James Moriarty had adapted in his career, and for the first time in his life, Jim let somebody in.
The murders are exhilarating. It turns out to be a double murder instead of a murder-suicide as they originally thought, but, the parents, a mother and her second husband were getting married, and the first husband, a drug addict, didn't want to lose custody of his son, so, he murdered both of them, staging it to look like a murder-suicide while he escaped with his son. The detective fires of his deductions at a rapid pace, solving the crime in less that a few minutes, all while his husband stands by and praises him. With help from the step-brother, who discovered the murder, they track down the father after a long, insane chase, and find the teenager in the trunk of a car, unconscious, but alive.
The man sat down in the same chair he had been in the night before and picked up his phone, the blood in his face draining as he read through the messages he had missed.
Dana raised and lowered one shoulder. "Not a fucking clue. I'm a problem solver, not a genius. Not like you, anyway."
The detective ran back up the basement steps, and began searching around for the DI. It didn't take him long, he found him having a cigarette just outside the scene on the other side of the building. The front of his shirt was absolutely covered in blood, and his hands were shaking slightly as he took a long drag from the cigarette. "Lestrade?"
Effie's bottom lip turned down into a mocking pout. "Oh, come on now, do have a little fun, you are going to be here a while after all."
They stayed like that, standing there in each other's arms until time slipped away, and after that, just as promised, John still stayed with him all night long. They ordered Angelo's, and broke out the scotch that John loved, and sat in their chairs while they talked, just like they had when they first became friends, At one point during the night, while the alcohol still buzzed through their systems, and they were too busy laughing to realize that the sun would be up in an hour, they looked at each other with a smile that said only one thing;
Sherlock let loose a growling sigh. He understood everything now. "You weren't lying when you meant that you worked for Moriarty."
Sherlock swallowed back the venom in his throat. "Where is John? You say he's fine, but what do you mean? How is he safe?" He snapped, the pitch of his voice going higher as he started to get nervous.
The soldier shrugged. "Sure thing. Lots of cream, lots of sugar, right, dollface?" He asked, turning toward the kitchen.
John's face softens, and he reaches out, holding Sherlock's face in his hand while he strokes his thumb across his cheek, brushing away a tear. "God, I missed you." He whispers, pulling the detective in his arms again.
Sherlock couldn't speak. It was too much. He could only stand there and take in the feeling of John Watson's hands as they caressed the sharp angles of his face so gently that he felt his stomach tighten. It was too much.
"Mmh, I think in honour of Rosie I'll dare you to take a shot of actual ketchup." Clara said with a chuckle, figuring that was a harmless enough start.
"She means if you've got something against gay people." Charlie supplied with a chuckle, not wanting to correct Rosie on that word (like ever). "And no, he's not. Ron's really nice company, you know."
"Yeah, I suppose so." Sherlock said and grinned, "Someone should open up a vampire restaurant and make a yelp page for it." he joked and chuckled.
Amy frowned a little confused at the tall man, finding that explanation a bit hard to follow. ''So, John is special?" She asked with wide eyes, glancing over at her cousin brother-in-law and tugging a little on Sherlock's cuff to be lifted up again.
Sherlock scrunched up his nose at the suggestion he might have missed something, but didn't comment on it, "Another perspective might be helpful indeed." he admitted grudgingly.
in sight so she wouldn't get in trouble for that). "Did you really already have Scout since he was a puppy?" she asked, looking intently at the dog, trying to figure out how old he was, but she didn't know how people found that out.
Sherlock followed John downstairs and was about to make his opinion really very clear to the girls' mother when he heard that voice, which nearly made him stumble down the last few steps. He was almost in shock at hearing that distinctive voice. But that couldn't be. It couldn't be. It was just not possible and yet, when he moved to stand beside John, looking at the woman standing in front of the door, he felt his knees go weak. He had never, ever been that close to fainting ever since he had become a vampire. "Mummy?" he asked and watched an equally shocked expression unfold on 'Vanessa's' face, "Is.. Oh my god.. Sherlock is that you?" she asked, tears forming in her eyes just like in his as they both just stood there, frozen in place and staring at each other.
Ouch. She hadn't expected them to be quite that quick (then again, the family picture in front if their Christmas tree should've been a hint). So that's why Sherlock had asked. Shame, she'd miss her.. Her smile slipped from her face, before she remembered that she ought to be happy about this. "That's in four days." Charlie said after a moment. "I'm so happy for you, that's awesome news." She said with a smile and sat back down on her bed. "Have you talked to John already?"
"It's still the same; the early bird gets the worm." John said with a laugh. "But either way I want the actual wedding to happen after the proposal. But yeah, since I've already explicitly given you my answer you being the one might be a bit boring." He chuckled a little before adding, "It's good to know that you "wouldn't mind that" though" now imitating Sherlock.
"Yeah... And it kinda sounds like that network already is a big society of its own..." Charlie said and glanced out of the window. "Have you come across any new information by the way?"
"I hope you like the spot I've picked." Charlie said with a chuckle, glancing up at the sketch at the wall. "And thanks. I got to choose everything from the wallpaper to the furniture."
"Of course I will." Carl nodded dutifully and Scott kissed the top of William's head softly, quickly withdrawing when he heard the policemen and their foster father arrive on top of the stairs. It was a matter of seconds before they showed up back in the room. "This is him then?" The older officer asked and their foster father nodded. "Yes, that's the brute." He nodded, which quickly led to them gripping him on each arms to drag him downstairs. "William.. Carter, we hereby arrest you for indecent behaviour. Do you have anything to say for yourself?"
"Well I constantly have John's fingers in my hair when he gets the chance to, but.. yeah the whole wanting to control how you take care of it part is a little creepy." Sherlock said and chuckled, shaking his head.
John sighed and looked out of the window, thinking... He'd thought about this for months and had seriously considered it for weeks, talked to Harry and Richard... yes, he'd made it choice. "It's a right shame I won't get to enjoy it properly in that case."
Sherlock smiled, "Of course we'll all go out!" he promised and Rosie grinned, "Like to a restaurant?" she asked and Sherlock nodded, "Yeah, have you ever been to a restaurant before?" he asked and Rosie shook her head, "No. But I'd really like to!" she said and smiled happily.
"We'll just try and see and figure something out for the next time. Kissing you is never bad and I'm up for experiments tonight anyway." John said with a smile, figuring he'd just suck on Sherlock's neck mostly, if the blood was too big a turn-off.
"Yeah.. if we start running now, I can easily imagine the cashier would think we're in dire need of those supplies." Sherlock said and laughed, "While you are more in dire need of lasagne.. or food in general, I heard your stomach back there." he said and chuckled, "And that's no special vampire ability, I'm pretty sure the guy at the checkout heard it too."
Charlie didn't wait for her to repeat that and ran under the Christmas tree, causing John to laugh a bit as she was already unwrapping her own. "Come over and unwrap yours too." She called with a smile.
"Mmh, thanks for telling me that early." Charlie said; but she'd most likely be back in the orphanage by the time John left, so there was that. Sort of. Either way, she wouldn't get too attached. "Of course. It's only fair. And by the way, I'm not going to be done with uni any time soon, so we're talking about things still years ahead." John added and Charlie nodded. "Yeah, I get it."
"Mycroft is the head of the government. I'd surely get stationed where you are." Sherlock said and sighed, "Can't you just wait and do it.. well.. after.. or.. if you turn?" he asked, biting his lip, "I'd really feel better if the chances you don't return would drop a good bit." he said quietly.
"Sure," William said and nodded, "Can you tell me anything about the people I'm rooming with? Things I should avoid to talk about?"
"Well.. it's part of life, I guess.." Sherlock said and sighed a little, "But.. well the circumstances were a bit different with us, I suppose." he said with a shrug, they couldn't really discuss this in too much detail with the cabbie listening.
"I'm not that much taller than John." Sherlock said with a chuckle and smirked at his fiance, before remembering that he wanted to talk to him about Rosie, "Mum, can you take the girls to the car? John and I will be there in a second, while I'm here, I just want to ask Mrs Hope quickly if she's got our schedules finished already." he said, while actually, he just really wanted to talk to John about the reading thing and well, it would be helpful if John would also help to make sure the subject wouldn't come up again today.
"Mmh, true. I'm glad you've changed your mind about that." John said with a nod. "But I think it should completely up to her if she wants to take contraceptives yet. I mean, it's her body and her responsibility in the end. We just have to make sure she can make an informed choice." He said, though he really didn't want to think about her actually becoming pregnant by accident.
"Charlie! Daddy says you should take the plastic bags with you for Scouts poo poo!" Rosie called and Sherlock gave her a look, "Bee.. that's not exactly what daddy said." he said and Rosie pouted, "Okay..." she mumbled and scuffed over to the shelf to get the bags.
"Me too." Sherlock murmured, glancing up at John, "You know.. I just realised that this will only be the first of many weddings.." he said with a laugh. "We will eventually have to do it again, if we want to keep it official." he said and frowned, despite the many times he had gotten a new identity he had never thought about that before. "Well only when we want to pass ourselves off as underage, that is.. if we pretend to be older than 18 we can simply fake marriage papers along with the rest."
Sherlock chuckled a little, "You weren't, but I saw you hopping into his backyard. You think I didn't check who lives in this street and made sure that neither of them is a reason to be worried, before I let you go out on your own?" he asked and smirked. "Ron, right?" he asked and smiled at his daughter.
"Yeah, just don't let Harry take a sip then. She likes those too and I don't want to have to make up some rubbish about your anaemia." John said with a chuckle, before shaking his head and smiling. "She'll come with us next time. Anyway, yeah, go ahead, love."
"Yeah, I haven't met this ominous bloke yet, but I doubt I'll enjoy our first get-together... Jesus, what a bastard. To me it just looked like he wanted to scare me off, because I almost was. Even thought Sher had started to do drugs in the beginning or was testing me..." He shook his head a little, before drinking some wine.
"I didn't say that, but he might, I don't know." Sherlock said and gave a small shrug, "I'm just saying that if you should be still interested in him at that point, I won't be in the way.. I know he's a good guy. So.. I'd rather it's him than someone we don't know at all." he said and chuckled, "Also you know the saying, 'know thy enemy'?'" he asked with a smirk.
It took Sherlock a moment to register that sound, but when he did, he pulled back, looking at David, "Oh.. erm... I'm sor..." he began, cutting himself off, he didn't have to apologise, actually. This was his home and he'd been honest with David from the start, no need to change that now. "Actually, no, I'm not sorry." he said with a hesitant smile.
"No, I agree with you there. I was actually talking about telling them about you being Amber and the twins' brother. I mean, that really only concerns you, so I think you should decide that."
"Hey, guys. Ron's here." Charlie said with a smile as she led him inside the living room. "Oh, hello again" John said with a smile and put his phone away. "How are you doing?"
Charlie didn't look over to her and went right over there, naturally drawn to the sparkly ones. "Thanks, Dara" She said and gave Sherlock an amused smirk.
"You're welcome. And it's just your hair. Not like you've asked for a tattoo or piercing, which is a no for both. Not going to happen. It's gonna last forever and unlike other people, you can actually take that literally. There's no way you won't eventually get sick of it. Tattoos definitely are only for people with just one lifetime ahead." he said and chuckled.
"I'm glad you're not feeling that awful anymore." Sherlock said and smiled a little, "You know, I was really worried, when John texted me to tell me how bad you feel, I nearly turned right around and came straight back home, grabbing medicine on the way, but.. well, you needed a bit of that to understand that it really isn't good for you, a sip on a special occasion isn't that big of a deal, but even if your mind is more advanced, you still have the body of a 12 year old and that's not equipped to handle alcohol like the body of an adult does, that's why you felt like that even if it wasn't much. When you've grown up, you can handle more, but even then you'll feel like that, if you overdo it."
Some time before nine, John and Victor returned to the empty shed. They'd spent the past few hours partly at Victor's camp and partly looking for Rosie themselves. Victor's mates had promised to look out for her, so now that they were about to meet up with the others, they couldn't do much more than wait. "So, when did you decide to join the army?" John asked him, as he closed the door behind them.
Fay looked at all of the things trying to find the catch. Were they trying to get her to trust them? Or trting to buy her off? Or was this so she'd owe them something? "I want to talk to Charlotte." She instead demanded, making herself stand a little more upright and ignoring the fact she really wanted to use the loo.
"It's still way more comfortable when you're out with 3 kids." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "I'm really not eager to take two two-year-olds and a four year old into a crowded train station." he said and shook his head.
"Woah how many people live here?" Rosie asked, looking at all the names, grinning when she spotted Harry's and Clara's names. "There, that one!" she announced proudly.
"Alright, alright, we're coming." John chuckle and began to follow her outside after saying goodbye to the headmistress. "How has your day been, Rosie?" He asked a few steps later since they hadn't really had a chance to talk to each other yet.
"Or maybe I'm just pissed that as soon as you're convinced an idea is good, instead of talking to me you run to the children. Christ, I'm twenty years old and not like my father. Hell, I'm perfectly fine with almost everything on that list, but sometimes you're ideas are way too impulsive. Why do I still have to be framed as the boring bad guy for trying to watch out for you?"
"We should tell Harry it went well.. I mean.. he doesn't seem so much of a hypocrite to keep you in his good graces, but still be mad at Harry." Sherlock said and shrugged, "He seems fair, at least. I mean, the way he kicked out your aunt, even though he obviously isn't too comfortable about us? That shows character."
Sherlock said and chuckled, reaching out with one hand to take John's, "Glad it turned out like this though."
Clara frowned softly as she watched him struggle and stepped back next to him to offer some comfort. Meanwhile David had opened the door and went through it first. "Let's not keep him waiting then. The car is parked right outside.”
"No worries, that makes sense." Viktor nodded. "But back to your problem, that girl might approach me again or I might just see her on the street. What do you want me to do when that happens?"
"Not now." John said, a soft frown on his face and his eyes glued to the wall, as he began to go through those conversations with Victor he'd had in his dream.
"Sure.." Sherlock said and eyed Fay as he opened the flat door, feeling only slightly bad about the gag and the ties, just not enough to untie her. "Lets lock her into the bedroom downstairs additionally.. don't want her to go ninja and hide in some corner to assault us when we come back downstairs."
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut which only increased the stinging in his eyes, violently forcing his sobs to temporarily still as he sat up and looked at Clara, hesitantly taking the glass of blood with a shaking hand, his other arm still clutching the pillow and even though his sobs stilled, the tears were still rolling relentlessly out of his eyes. "Will they.." he cleared his throat as he looked into his glass, "Will they want me there?"
"I like the fact that you don't curse, but you make an exception for neo Nazis." Charlie said with a bit of a smirk.
John helped his lover up into a sitting position so that he was leaned against the headboard, before standing up to get those clothes. "That's a start then." He commented with a bit of a chuckle and sat down at the edge of the bed. "Arms up"
"You know, I doubt that occasionally seeing us kiss would harm them." Sherlock said and chuckled, "I mean.. after all they see people kiss on TV and films all the time, even in Disney films they kiss."
"Sure, I will" John said and Charlie took the dress before disappearing into a changing room. This was so exciting!
"I've got another thing that might help." Sherlock said and took the two stuffed toys from the foot of the bed, where he had placed them before, "This is from Amy and Ally.. with a hundred thousand get well wishes," he said with a quiet chuckle, holding the two plush toys out for her, "Oh and they want me to tell her that they do want them back when you're feeling better." he said and smiled a little.
"I have a feeling you're right about that." John said with a chuckle and got inside the car. "Nah, just because we could, that still doesn't mean we actually want to do everything ourselves." The response came from the back, just before Charlie buckled Rosie up. "And there we go."
"Yes, I should think so." Violet said with a chuckle. "I'm so happy for him. He's been missing his father a lot over the years..." The trained psychiatrist gave a sigh. "How about we clean up a little so we can sit down on the couch?" She asked, gesturing with a smile towards the toddler bed John had made.
Sherlock shook his head, "No.. it's not. I kind of like that as well." he said and smiled, pecking John's cheek, "I just wish he could have properly met you. He would have really liked you." he said and frowned, "Maybe I shouldn't say things like that anymore.. just in case who or what made us go there gets any ideas."
Charlie smiled, when Rosie looked up at them again, before turning to the guy she'd just introduced her to. "Pleasure to meet you, Lock." She said politely and held her hand out. "Good to know we've got at least one thing in common. I like your Christmas tree by the way."
"No, I trust that you wouldn't." Emma said and smiled, "And.. well if I may say so, you two are wonderful grandparents." Sherlock said with a chuckle, "Oh, speaking of grandparents, John you haven't told David about my Christmas present for you, have you?"
"Wow, lucky you." Charlie said after a moment and looked from the books to Sherlock. She wondered what else he had seen in his life. He'd for sure led a dangerous one. "Why did you want to go to America?" She asked.
"Hopefully. I don't ever want to have to deal with this kind of thing." John said and shook his head a bit. "A bad hangover is the only thing in that direction I'd accept."
"Yup, they really are, understandably so. Now it's only the two of us living in an actual home." Charlie said and began to go outside, waiting for Rosie by the door. "But I'll probably still invite my friends over every now and then. I'm sure they'd really like that"
"Thank you, sweethearts. I'd better go and make sure the other tables aren't starving now, so enjoy." Mrs. Turner said with a chuckle, before turning around to check if the other tables had food and extra blood by now. When she was gone John leaned over and chuckled a little, because he really found that a little strange. "Two years?"
"A bit." Rosie rasped and coughed again, "Daddy why is ginger tea good for your throat?" she asked and looked up at John, who was a soon to be doctor, so he should know.
Without another word John obliged and looked down on his feet, after glancing shortly at his father. He had no idea what he could say to make this situation better for him.
"No, no tattoos aren't on the list, don't worry." Sherlock said and nipped on his glass, trying to look innocent.
David gave his wife a look and went inside. "Too stressful to send a text?" He asked dryly as he went up the stairs with Emma. This was the first time he got to see the flat John was now living in and he was already surprised by the interior of the hallway; well, at least they weren't raising children in a loft or some skyscraper. Meanwhile Charlie noticed a bit disappointedly that there were two heavy (well, in comparison with Lowell) people coming upstairs. "It's two people." She told Rosie and went curiously towards the living room to watch who might enter.
"Purple and red." Sherlock corrected with a chuckle and leant over to take the laptop from John's lap, shutting it before he placed it on the table, "Come on, go to bed, we'll get this sorted."
"That's true." John said with a frown, actually glad that that wasn't even an option anymore. "Did you get anything done while I was out?" John asked after sitting back down on the bed.
Charlie beamed at the compliment (he was so sweet!), before quickly coming up with an excuse so neither he nor Rosie would question she liked tomato juice. "She does, but she's actually pretty specific about it; she'll only eat cakes made with Mrs. Turner's secret recipe." She said with a chuckle. "But what is your favourite cake? I really like anything with cinnamon in it."
"And I didn't want you to worry about me.." Sherlock said and sighed, feeling exhaustion grow over again. "But I suppose that's one of the things people in love want to but can't avoid." he said and smiled a little to himself, snuggling even closer up to John, wrapping his leg around him as well, just feeling the need to be constantly reminded that he wasn't hugging a pillow here.
"Had to think of Rosie first." John said with a shrug. "Plus you were probably even more relieved to see me after that long a wait." He teased him a bit with a chuckle.
"Hm, it's pretty. But try to decide on a colour theme soon, we still need to go and buy your dress too." Sherlock said and smiled, "And once you have yours, we'll take your friends shopping." he said and smiled.
"True." John chuckled. "I don't particularly like her track record with neither stairs nor heels." He said half-jokingly and drew back a bit. "How about some blood?"
She'd made a sandwich with homemade ketchup and another medicine cocktail, which she both set down next to him. "You look much better already. Here try to eat something."
"Right anyway," Sherlock began, sitting down next to Fay, "How about we make a deal, since you're being here for a while anyway.. we should try to work on a friendly basis. We can fight with words, but physical fighting is out of the question. If you do start to bite and kick and hit again, you'll end up on the chair again. If you behave like a sensible person, you can live here like a more or less normal teenager. And I'm not trying to bribe you. It's just common sense. The second thing is.. you will start to eat normal food. 'Mortal' foods. Vegetables, fruit, meat.. because.. I keep getting the feeling you haven't so far.." he said, noticing that her skin looked a lot like Charlie's had a few weeks ago and since they made sure she got regular meals it had become much better. "And we found out, it's actually really important for your well being. Another thing is that you will have study sessions, whether you like it or not."
John covered the hand on his hips with his own, brushing his thumb over the back of it. With a smile he brought the fingers on his chest up to his lips, before laying his own hand on his boyfriend's back.
"Yeah please!" Rosie said excitedly as Sherlock set her down to take the camera, "Print it twice." he said as he handed John the camera. "Can I watch how you print it?" she asked, looking up at John.
"Huh..." Sherlock said and frowned at John, "I can't help noting that you running off to rinse your mouth after kissing me doesn't exactly feel good." he said and walked over to the sink as well to grab the mouth wash, rinsing his mouth too. "Sorry about that, I should have thought of it." he mumbled and sighed.
"No, I'm not." Ally said and looked out at the road, watching the other cars. "Can we play yellow car?" Rosie asked after a moment and Ally frowned, looking at the older girl, "How do you play yellow car?" she asked and Rosie smiled, "Well you look at the cars as they come from the other direction and when you see a yellow car then you say yellow car."
"Thank you, that'd be great actually." John smiled, having already kind of hoped Sherlock might offer to fix something to eat. "You're good at cooking?" Charlie tuned in after moment, wondering who did which chores around the flat. Going by their last conversation John probably did the cleaning.
Sherlock followed and closed the door behind them once they were in the room, allowing for some more privacy, "Right.. I actually don't know how to start this.. and it might not be my place to tell you in the first place.. but like this it's probably less of a shock." he said and cleared his throat again, "Still, I felt like you might want some privacy first with this kind of news.. what John referred to just now... it's the fact that.. Richard.. he's still alive."
Sherlock melted into the kiss, before breaking it reluctantly, "Come on, let's go up." he said with a chuckle, "Sorry about the stairs by the way, I'd have had an elevator put it, but I didn't have time." he said with a chuckle.
"I'll make you a list." Sherlock said with a smirk, before he started to walk towards the door, figuring Mycroft would follow and if not.. that wouldn't be too bad either.
"I don't mind, daddy usually cleans it!" Rosie said with a happy grin as Scout gave her his other paw too, "I think he wants to dance!" she chirped.
Sherlock nodded, before leaning a bit more into John's touch, it did help a bit to distract him from how miserable he felt.
"Maybe next year we'll have to go for a Harry Potter party." Sherlock said and chuckled again. "But yeah, I'll definitely join in. Wouldn't want to miss all the fun, look at how she's grinning."
John gave him a slight smile from on the carpet. "They're my cousins Amy and Ally. Aunt Vanessa brought them over a few minutes ago be cause she had an emergency at work. She's Amber's stepmum. They'll be with us for a couple of hours." He explained, before turning to the girls. "And this is my boyfriend, Sherlock.”
John began to laugh as well and shook his head. "I'd almost agree, but it's hardly sustainable. Besides, it'd feel like a new level of defeat in terms of our laziness."
"I can spell toe! It's T-O, right?" Rosie asked with a grin as she was lifted out of the tub, it sounded like it was right.
"Missed you too." Sherlock murmured back and pecked his lips again, before he gestured him to get into the cab.
"That's true and not enough people know that." She said and let down her youngest. "I guess with that in mind it's not a wonder this trip worked out that well."
"Alright." Sherlock said and smiled, "You can have the big TV in the living room, John and I will make it an early night then, but we'll be with you in a second if you want us to. And I'll make sure you can get tomorrow off, so don't get used to it, but you may stay up tonight as long as you can keep your eyes open and you may camp on the sofa."
Sherlock smiled, stepping a bit away from John, looking around for a moment, before he pirouetted right in front of him, giving him a small grin.
"Yeah, I second that." John teased her with a chuckle. "You're terrible, you know that?" Charlie said, unable to hold back a laugh.
"Oh yeah, she'd love that." Charlie said with a smile. "We should also get a her similar dress to mine for my birthday, don't you think?" She asked, walking into the boutique.
Charlie had to really hold back a grin as well as a blush as she saw him. "So how does this whole bowing and introducing business go again?" Charlie asked her and looked back at Jane.
Charlie couldn't suppress a smirk, having a rough idea what Rosie was thinking right now. "So you're already reading the next chapter on your own? Maybe you could read it to daddy so he doesn't miss out on it."
"No, not really." Viktor said and gave him a wry smile, before patting Scout's head. "So thank you. Just wake me up in case something happens." He said and took his thick jacket off again. Meanwhile John stood up again. "I'll just go get us some blankets. Mrs. H keeps them over there." He didn't want to risk being heard when he went upstairs so Mrs. Hudson hopefully wouldn't mind.
"You're .. still happy here, though, aren't you?" Sherlock asked, suddenly extremely worried she might not be.
"You grieved for bloody decades, Sherlock, during which you had no idea you'd end up here with me." John said with a sigh. "If things had been different all those years ago and you had known how to turn Victor, you wouldn't have hesitated to turn him. He wouldn't have hesitated to agree and you could've stayed together. All I wanted was to give him that choice. A choice you desperately wanted back then, it's really as simple as that. History would've turned out differently, but we never know all the consequences of our actions anyway."
Sherlock chuckled when Charlie went along with his joke and gave her a grin. "Okay, you can go wild here. There's no height limit." he said and smirked, "But.." he added, "You should think about it and try to put comfort above looks." he said and after all, he knew what he was talking about his feet were killing him after John's birthday.
Sherlock smiled, "I definitely will. Bye mum." he said and walked back over to John, watching his mother drive off with him, "I so have to talk to you..." he said with a chuckle, turning to his boyfriend with a mischievous glint in his eyes.
"Yeah, they are," Rosie said and smiled happily, visibly proud to be able to teach something to the younger kids, "They are all brothers! Because worker bees and a queen and the worker bees are always boys and only the bee queen gets babies!" she explained.
"Yeah, me too." Sherlock said and stood up for a moment, he just felt restless sitting around like that and waiting for whatever to happen. "I honestly wish we could just do something meanwhile."
John began to brush his thumb over Sherlock's back a bit. "I know, love and so am I. That's why we've taken them in in under a week, work on catching this network that's threatening them, won't leave them alone at any time, get them phones with GPS, ... see where I'm going here? We have to draw the line somewhere and we are already doing a lot about their safety. I also haven't forgotten about your brother and what he might do behind the scenes, mind you." John said and sighed. "The only actual thing left is keeping from them how worried we are about them and not having them feel like they're hiding. Agreed?"
"Bye Dad, have fun at the cinema." Charlie said with a smile and hugged him, before turning to leave. "Thanks, you too. Amber already said she's looking forward to seeing you again." He told her with a smile. "Bye Paps!" She said with a wide smile. "See you tomorrow."
"That sounds like a lovely idea." Dorothy said before turning around to get those files out. "Hm?" Dorothy frowned as she looked inside Charlie's and then Rosie's files. "I don't know how that happened, but both of their family pictures are missing." She commented as she went through those files. "Speaking of, didn't you find anything important in the storehouse?" She asked as she went over the list of Rosie's things that they kept in there for her.
John leaned into Sherlock and kissed his temple. "Okay, that sounds much more sensible now and I agree. Nevertheless we still have to restrict her internet access and which Apps she uses when." He said. "If they weren't in danger, I wouldn't agree. But then again, in that case I wouldn't have a say at all in that matter." He said and huffed a laugh.
"Yeah, that's yours." Charlie nodded, before looking back to the new kid's file. "Rosie Bane... that has a very nice ring to it." She commented with a smile, before beginning to read. Timothy, a toddler, both parents found bludgeoned in an alley with bleeding Timothy in between them... Jesus, this was legit. After a moment, she frowned. Someone had told her that vampires couldn't die easily.. so how did Tim's parents not survive that..? After all the boy was one according to his file. She'd put that question in her memory room for later... With that she reached for her own file.
"You're a right dad, you know that?" John chuckled and gave Sherlock a smile. In moments like these it was hard to imagine the girls hadn't been living with them for years already. Meanwhile Charlie had got out her very own guitar (Thanks Sherlock!!) and was trying to play the tune Lowell had just taught her a few days ago; no offence, but this was way more fun than the violin. Now that there actually were new people around for once, she couldn't help showing off just a little bit.
"Do you really not want any money for the cake?" Rosie asked as she stood with Mr Miller in front of home, the man held four pieces of wrapped cake on a tray in one hand and held Rosie's with the other. "No, sweetheart, it's fine, I wouldn't want to hurt your piggy. It's a present. It's a late birthday present." he said and Rosie frowned, "How do you know my birthday?" she asked and Mr Miller chuckled, "Your dads ordered your cake from me." he said and Rosie smiled, "You made it? It was really pretty! And so tasty!" she chirped as Mr Miller tried to ring the doorbell with his elbow, not wanting to let go of Rosie, just to make sure she wouldn't stroll off for another adventure.
“Interesting”, Moriarty smiled. At this point I couldn't afford thinking his smile unsettling – I was so close to getting this job. “And what happens in the end?”
Holmes' face was a mask of indifference, but his eyes never left me. “It is now severely threatened, due to the Dancer's choice”, I said. “But it was in fact a corrupted kingdom that used and abused people like him. The Evil Maharajah takes the kingdom down, but the Hindu Dancer and the Penniless Sitar-Player are now free to live in art and in love”, I finished.
"That'd be lovely. We haven't had a big family Christmas in way too long." Violet replied and went with him to the door.
"Oh! Yes! We can go at night! Because no one's in her office then and I know that there's a key on top of the frame of the picture next to Mrs Hope's door, I saw her put it there." Rosie said and smiled, "And if I try really hard, I'm sure I can stay awake until it's really late."
Sherlock was lost in their embrace until the cabbie suddenly brought the car to a halt and looked at them, "Thank god we're there, I thought you gonna start making out right in front of me." the woman said and turned around to look at him and John, "Sorry.." Sherlock said with a smirk and wasn't really sorry. "So.. Johnny.. are you going to introduce your practically fiancé to me or what?" she asked and Sherlock frowned, completely lost again, this time to what was going on though, just looking back and forth between John and her.
Charlie nodded. "Thank you. I'll keep that in mind." She said. "Is it hard to have a mixed relationship?" She asked after a moment. "You know, I think the revelation part was one of the most difficult things about this for me." John said and glanced over to Sherlock, remembering that evening only too well.. "and I don't think there's a manual for that. Other than that, I mean my grandparents were 'mixed' too and they had this ageing problem too. They wanted to have children, but not to have to move every few years so that caused some problems.." He said, purposely leaving out the part about his grandmother regretting her decision to change and the fact they had this problem too. "Oh, okay." Charlie nodded with a frown and looked back at Sherlock; obviously she was especially interested in what he as the vampire thought.
"Good guess." Sherlock said and chuckled, leaning over to steal himself a kiss, before he moved over to the door, "Be right back." he said and unlocked the door, before slipping inside.
"Mmh, And how would you describe your general well-being now compared to how you felt before you enforced those rules?" She asked, her voice free of judgement and her thumb still stroking his side.
John frowned, when the doorbell rang that soon again. Hadn't Sherlock taken his keys with him and Mrs. Hudson usually didn't ring... Reluctantly getting up and leaving behind his studies, he went out of their flat and down the stairs to the front door. His eyebrows darted up, when the sight of his aunt and her little daughters greeted him. "Hi Vanessa. Erm, what can I help you with?"
"Well, it's better a start than straight up biting him." John said with a shrug. "And I'm pretty sure it will. Anyway, I want to talk to Richard first, before we break the news to dad. You think he'd like to meet me?"
"Well, probably not in the Big Ben, but the rest is not that special." Sherlock said leaning a little against John, "You know, I love those girls, I really do, but this is amazing. Just the two of us.. The quietness.." he said with a chuckle.
Sherlock smiled, "Well.. I'd actually enjoy some time with the side of my boyfriends family that actually entirely accepts that we're together as well." he said and kissed John's cheek, "Anyway we should stick together anyway, we're kind of in the same boat." he added and Harry chuckled, "That's true. But John, you could have let me know that you're in that particular boat a little earlier.."
John sighed and sat down at the table. He was more than fine with being the one to say no to ponies, but disagreeing with Sherlock on major things in front of the kids was something different. "How about I pick Rosie up today so you can stay here with Charlie?"
"That makes three of us. Or four going by the way John has been looking the past few months." Jim said with a chuckle. "He put up a picture their youngest had painted for him up at the station, what, half a year ago? It's still hanging there." He said and John smiled as he unlocked the door, before saying. "It does make for a nice addition, I think."
"Speaking of open-mindedness. Upon your arrival you said you didn't think your.. condition needed to be treated." Moran said looking up from his notes. "Do you still stand by that?"
"Of course, I remember your name, /James/." Sherlock teased and laughed as he looked around for a cab.
"Yeah, he's been taking good care of me the past few days." John said with a nod which made Vanessa smile. "I believe that. Now, how about the Watson-Holmes get their bags and the Berkeleys help?" She asked their girls.
"Come on, let's go then." Charlie said with a smile and waited for Rosie to follow her down the stairs.
"Well.. let's see how well it goes on a certain event in the near future when no one attending can ignore our relationship." Sherlock murmured and chuckled, not daring to say the word wedding in this house when it concerned the two of them. "Didn't you want to tell them about Harry?"
"Okay!" Rosie said and grinned when her feet met the paper, "How long to I have to keep them on the paper?" she asked and looked down at her feet now that she was mostly sitting she could finally see them.
Sherlock let go in an instant at that, laughing as he turned to Rich, "Right so.. bye." he said jokingly as a comment to John's words. "Right thanks." Richard chuckled, rolling his eyes. "Anyway, it was nice to meet you too, John." he said and frowned, "Hang on.." he said and pulled his phone out, holding it out for John, "Can I maybe get your number? I mean.. we're family after all."
"Every bee hiff is a great bee hiff! Because it gives bees a home and like that more of them survive." Daphne explained and Sherlock chuckled, "Bee /hive/, sweetheart." he said and Daphne smiled, "Bee hive I mean." she corrected and Sherlock smiled again, he really couldn't help it, the little girl was a little sunshine.
So, he locks his arms protectively across his torso, and looks toward the blazing sun, and eventually, Sherlock Holmes pushes his legs forward, and he trudges slowly across the sand.
"John! You're alive, thank God!" Sherlock gasped, flipping around and collapsing into his boyfriend's arms.
John blinked, then locked eyes with Sherlock. The detective's heart flew way up to his throat. Even after five years, John Watson still surprised him. "No, he won't." Sherlock stated cooly. "But, he'll make sure that you'll never walk the streets again."
Upon stepping up to their flat, Jim waved to Adalina, the sweet old lady next door who Sebastian occasionally did renovation projects for (for which she would reward with desserts, because neither of them would take her money) before turning the key in the door, but not before laughing at her comment about how much wine he was carrying. The flat already smelled delicious, and Jim's mouth began to water before he even got to the kitchen. "Is there anything for me to sample, tiger?" He called to his husband as he placed the wine on the counter.
man I have ever met in my entire life." John answered, reaching up and running his fingers lovingly across the detective's cheek just like he always did when they would wake up tangled in the sheets together.
Sherlock nodded. "She was shot in the stomach, and there had only been one ambulance when we were there, they said they were sending another one." He explained, growing slightly more alarmed at the confused look on his brother's face.
"I couldn't do it, John." The detective said, his voice cracking already. He had elected to never cry in front of John Watson, but he couldn't stop it now. He dropped his gaze to the floor, so that he couldn't see John's disappointment. "I couldn't leave you again, I couldn't. You were all I had, and then I left, and you had Mary, and I couldn't bear the thought of losing you again. After all of the hurt I caused you, and everything I put you through, I was going to have to leave the only thing that kept me alive behind again, with a wife and a baby, and I decided there was no point. I thought I'd be kind to myself for once. I would have rather died." His confession left him breathless and heartbroken, and so afraid to look up that he wished he was dead already, so that he wouldn't have to feel John's anger. "I'm so sorry, John, please... Please, whatever you do, please don't hate me, I'm so sorry."
The DI then cleared his throat, assuming the business persona once again. "Okay, so, now we have to figure out more about out mystery woman. What else do we know about her?" He asked.
The detective shakes his head. "No. I've been gone long enough. I just want to go home." He explains.
The ex-criminal rolled his eyes, and continued to straighten up the house while his husband began to sing an old song that Jim remembered from Seb listening to it on repeat all of the time in the shower when they lived back in London. Sebastian Moran was an awful singer, as he was utterly tone deaf, but Jim didn't mind, because it was adorable, and it always made him giggle. He loved Sebastian Moran with all of his heart, even if he sang like a dying cat.
John looks at him in desperation, like he knows exactly what Sherlock plans to say, but Sherlock ignores him.
Sherlock suddenly stopped in his tracks. He stared down into John's eyes, which were cold and hard, and full of such intensity that Sherlock couldn't move.
He becomes aware once again of the presence of another person in the room with him, and very slowly (as it's a bit painful to do so) turns his head to the right, and almost smiles at the sight of Mycroft sitting in the horrible metal chair beside his bed with his nose buried in a magazine. He looks disgusted and utterly bored out of his skull with what he's reading, and rightfully so, as Sherlock can't imagine why the press is so interested in celebrity affairs either.
The detective felt winded, but in a way, it was good. This was new to him, without a doubt, and he knew that John was right, it
Sebastian, obviously hearing the tears in his voice, let out a deep, shaky breath. He turned around, and pulled the tearful man to his chest, enveloping him in his arms. "Alright, alright, shhh... It's okay, you caught me. I'm not going anywhere." He hushed his partner, tightening his arms around him.
When Mycroft gets in the car, Sherlock scowls at his brother. "Stop recruiting people I like into your minions. It's insulting." He grumbles.
John was speechless. His jaw had dropped again, and he was staring at Sherlock like a deer in the headlights. "You... You had her record wiped." He repeated, obviously in shock.
Finally, after nearly two hours of waiting, a doctor, a beautiful African woman with a baby of her own on the way (as Sherlock deduced) came out into the waiting room where the two men were sitting, and told them the news. John hardly flinched at the mention of his wife's death, not even when the doctor apologized to him, but it was clear to see the hurt in his eyes.
Greg sighed, and ran his hand through his hair exasperatedly. "So... If not her, who else could it be?"
"Effie, stay with me, okay?" He demanded again, shifting his position to get a better angle. Sherlock's mind was going a hundred miles an hour as he tried to keep Effie Taras awake, but also go through everything that had just happened.
"John, no, I... I can't just-" He tried, his voice trembling as he gripped his boyfriend's hand. "There has to be a way to get out out of here, I can't just... No, I won't just leave you here! I... I can't. I can't let you..." He couldn't even finish the sentence. He knew what leaving John meant.
Jim took a shaky breath, and angrily wiped the tears from his cheeks. "Magnussen is a leech, and he knows just how to get what he wants and destroy whoever makes him angry. He figured out the only way to destroy me was you, and I couldn't take that risk. Not with you." His voice trailed off, and he looked down to the floor. "You make me so
"She's got no reason to lie, John. Effie Taras is-or was-a lot of things, but a liar was no one of them. She never lied to us, not once. She may not have actually told the truth, but, she was never a liar. She's telling us the truth about Moriarty. He's done. It's over." Sherlock let the envelope drop down to the table on top of the letter, and walked over to his chair to sit down. He could feel John's eyes boring holes into the top of his head, but he refused to look up.
At that point in their relationship, John had learned not to question the silly little experiments his old flatmate used to perform on body parts he got from Molly. He was used to it.
"Yes, I heard what you said. Wait twenty minutes, then follow. Just give me a minute to bask in the freeing moment of holy-shit-one-of-them-finally-fucking-said-it. It's not every day I get to see this." The DI half-joked, although it was easy to see that he was beaming.
"No, no, it's... Fine. I just... I just didn't know." John replied, rubbing the back of his neck apprehensively. "That was... Very good of you, love." He pulled Sherlock closer and held him close, occasionally pressing soft kisses to his neck, laughing quietly when they made his partner shiver.
John reaches up and claps a hand over the detective's mouth to silence him. "Sherlock, hush. It's not like that at all."
He takes a deep breath and bits at his lip while he comes up with something to say. "Being bi is a lot different than being gay. That sort of thing is okay when you're younger. You're allowed to play the field and do what you want, but it suddenly becomes weird when you're past thirty. You're expected to be over that sort of thing and settle down with a nice person, and have children, because everyone believes you're straight, you're just having fun. Everyone starts to look at you weird if you're still...
The Tall One laughs. "You should have never left." He says, accent thick around his words. "Now you're going to make me kill him."
He felt his phone vibrate in his back pocket for the forth time in fifteen minutes. He pulled it out, seeing that he had nine missed calls and five voicemails from Mary. He promptly put it away. He didn't want to speak to her right now.
The elder Holmes was quiet for a moment, then he shook his head. "No, Sherlock, you didn't fail. You did exactly what you were supposed to do. Don't worry about the aftermath. My men will take care of the rest of it while you recover."
It takes several minutes for Sherlock to gain the strength to stand. His body is completely drained of energy, and the pain in his back is almost unbearable, and the hot sun makes the burning sensations worse, but it's almost nothing compared to the excruciating pain in head and his ribs. He knows something is broken, or at the very least, cracked. He wishes for clothing. Upon his capture, he had been stripped of everything except a pair of ripped khakis, and was left barefoot and shirtless, completely exposed against the dirt and the sun. It's torturous and terrifying. Part of him wishes they would have killed him.
"Yes, I did." He replied, looking down at the purple scrawled handwriting on the Manila folder. "Both of them."
He thought, but didn't say out loud. "Because of the baby." He muttered, almost ashamed of his answer. "If it weren't for the fact that she's pregnant, I wouldn't have."
Sherlock had once described his boyfriend as having nerves of steel, but no one but him knew the half of it. John, being a doctor, never gambled with the mortality of a person, unless he knew he would win. However, not even Sherlock knew what he was planning.
John passed a hand over his face. He was tired. He was angry. He was hoping to god the damn cabbie would hurry up. "Just what I said, Mycroft." He grumbled.
"There's nothing wrong with that, as long as you still want me." Sherlock states proudly before pushing himself up and planting a kiss on John's lips. "Answer me this; do you love me?"
"No." Effie shot back, sounding almost offended. "I'm not a monster, sweet pea. I'm just going to expose her to you and John for what she really is, she'll go to prison for the rest of her life, and you and John can live happily ever after, and I can sleep better every night because I know my debt is repaid."
Baker Street became too much after that. He tried for a while, but inevitably had to leave in the end. He packed his things, Mrs. Hudson assuring him that Sherlock's things could stay. It went unspoken that she wouldn't rent 221B out to anyone else.
Somewhere in the conversation, Mary screamed to Effie that she couldn't do this because she was already five days past her due date, she had to be home in case she went into labour, and that John would give up looking soon and head home. "Well, you should have killed him months ago, for fuck's sake!" Effie shot back furiously, in English this time.
He held up a hand and ran to John, who was paying attention to Effie still. "John, we've got to go, come on." He said, pulling the man to his feet.
The kettle behind him began to steam and whistle on the stove, and John is shaken out of his nostalgic trance. He shakes his head and reaches for a mug in the cabinet, and pours the hot water over the bag, and without sparing the photograph more than another passing glance, he walks away, back into the living room, locking Sherlock away in his heart one more time.
His brother sighs, and taps his umbrella against the floor like it's a gavel. "Fine. I suppose it couldn't hurt. I'll have to contact Mrs. Hudson... That'll be interesting." He mumbles to himself. "But, you'll have to stay an extra day here."
The doctor chuckles to himself, but heeds the request, and makes his way back to the large bed. Sherlock almost immediately wraps his arms around his chest when he covers himself with the sheets again, which makes his chest feel warm as he continues to trace patterns on his arm.
Mary whipped back around to face Effie, her eyes now brimming red with tears. "Effie, I don't understand. We were partners! We were friends! How could you-"
"You know, we should invite the two of them to dinner here, sometime." Irene offered, only half joking.
The detective tensed, and pulled away from John, but not far enough so that he was out of his arms. He said nothing, only waited for John to speak while he studied his face.
The figure in black finished slipping the last of the bearer bonds into the sleek back pack that they had brought along, and slid it over their shoulders, ready to run. They closed the vault door, and got to their feet, ignoring the weight of the paper on their back and stepping back toward the window. A soft curse stained their lips when they saw the police below, and they began to run the other way, knowing that the police were probably on their way up already. They had miscalculated.
The corner of John's mouth twitched up into a smile, but, as quickly as it came, it vanished, and he looked down at the city below. "That's honestly why I called you today. Christ, to think that was only a few hours ago, fucking
As the doctor slipped slowly back into consciousness, he began to feel a bit more aware of his surroundings. The air around him was warm, and in the distance, he could hear a furnace blowing the heat through the vents. He could smell dust and the light aroma of chemicals. Cleaning supplies? No... No, it was something else. What was it? He knew that smell, he recognized it, he
"No!" She choked out, pushing herself out of Sherlock's arms, and attempting to crawl away. She collapsed only a few inches from the detective, who promptly tried help her. "No! No, Sherlock... Ma... Mary first." She gasped, grabbing the detective's arm and pushing it away.
"But what it it was? What if we could take care of Annalise and Magnussen all in one go, and once it was all said and done, we could leave all of this behind and just be together? If it were that easy, would you do it?" He demanded.
"But... How did you get out of there? How are you alive?" Sherlock demanded, his voice shaking horribly with joy and unshed tears.
A man of forty-one comes home from a short day at the clinic where he works and walks up the seventeen steps of 221B Baker St. after sending a brief greeting to his landlady. He opens the door and his eyes immediately drop to the floor where his husband, still in his pajamas and dressing gown, is lying on his side on the carpet, reading a large book on neurotoxins while their daughter sits against his stomach and chews absentmindedly on the ear of her stuffed lamb that she doesn't go anywhere without. The two men lock eyes, and they both smile.
Molly, who was doing an internship at the morgue, had tried to sympathize with him earlier in the day, but having a police officer for a boyfriend was a lot different than having a soldier for a boyfriend. At least Greg was still home for Christmas, and didn't miss anniversaries because he was off saving the world. It was very different.
In a panic, Sherlock stood, and searched for the easiest way out. He tried to analyze every angle, but his brain was so jumbled from the voice inside his head that continued to tell him that he would never get John out. He had to move the large grate without injuring John further, and he had to do it quickly so that they could get out in time, but-
He sighed. "Yeah, I know. Sorry. Look, I'm at Baker St., whenever you're done over there, call Mycroft."
Sherlock Holmes. Consulting Detective. Known for his lack of emotion and distaste for sentiment. Brilliant and better off on his own. Solving case after case after case for Scotland Yard, catching killers and doing an awful lot of running. His life is back to the way it was.
Sherlock's heart nearly stops when he sees John at the sink, humming, and making a mess of the soap. He can't help but watch for a few minutes, just to take in the sight of the man he loves, the one he hasn't seen in three years, doing the same things he's done since they met, like Sherlock never left him behind. It's almost too much.
her husband's in love with you, which has to sting. All of it, her feelings, her pregnancy, it was all real, but when Jim popped up again, she realized it was either kill you, or get exposed and lose everything. She decided she had to get the job done, and so, because she's laid up with a baby, she called me up and asked me to do it." The Ukrainian paused, letting everything she was saying soak in. "I had been on the DL for a while. I didn't want to do this anymore. I started cutting ties, I burnt all of my contacts and aliases in the sink at my house, I was done. When Mary called me and told me she wanted me to kill you and explained why, I made my decision to quit, and finally repay my debt to you. It's a rough way to do it, but it'll be worth it in the end, Sherlock."
