None of us had taken note of Parker's arrival. Only when someone- presumably White- exclaimed, "Watch out, he's going to faint!"
My friend's eyes wandered from the prints, to the Bishop, and eventually to meet mine.
"Parker, is it?"
Baffled, I stormed onto the balcony. There he was, basking in the sun with a cigarette in hand, and some tea and, what appeared to have been a croissant on the table next to him.
Finally, the day we had all been waiting for arrived. It had been clear from the moment Holmes and I went down to breakfast, that the tensions which had been building among the staff had severely increased. The usually quiet house had come alive with nervous energy. Constant orders from the Butler, and other instructions were to be heard. Decorations were being hung on the walls, doors were open and closed in a never-ending stream of motion, and the smell of various dishes- sweet and savoury alike- filled the atmosphere even before luncheon.
That put an end to his protests, and he stepped aside, pulling a rosary from his cassock.
As soon as the Clarence rattled into motion however, our thoughts returned to the holiday ahead of us.
We were again caught in one of our little games. One could it say it was our way of narrowly avoiding conflict.
"I...am sorry, dear friend. But I examined the necklace and have given my statement. My reputation is now in the-" I could stop myself before the word "capable" could escape me. He would not have believed me, had I used it. "-in the hands of Scotland Yard."
I was delighted at the offer, as it spoke of the trust he put in me. I sometimes tried to imagine what this great brain of his might produce when unleashed during the night. Eventually, I had reached the conclusion that he must be one of those men who do not dream; that he simply shuts down at night, like a vampire in his coffin.
Shut them in,
Upon stepping out of 221b, I realised the weather quite befitted the occasion. Dark and heavy clouds covered the sky. An autumnal thunderstorm was brewing in the distance, and the trees were shedding their leaves in mourning for the Great Detective.
We had gotten to our feet, and were now facing each other. A sparkle of delight entered Holmes' eye.
But then, in the autumn of 1887, when we were barely 30 years of age, and much of my friend's life and character still seemed an enigma to me, I jumped at the chance to learn more.
"Dear me, doctor! What a handsome devil you are!" he cried and graced me with another impish smile. I exhaled sharply though my nose, as one does when expressing mild amusement.
"Very well."
"In the cellar."
It is impossible to say whether Sherlock Holmes is a heavy, or a light sleeper. Often have I attempted to make sense of his sleeping pattern, without success. At first, I believed the depth of his sleep to be dependent on his work, such as everything else in his life. This changed however, when I found he could sleep as soundly during a case, as without one. Certainly, there were times such as these, when he would work for days on end without much rest, but he would (more often than not) make up for it when his work was done, and rest until he was his very own self again.
This particularly amused Trevor, for he laughed loudly and exclaimed. "Goodness, Holmes! My late Dad would roll over in his grave!"
"No, Reverend. I am Sherlock Holmes, and this is my associate, Dr. Watson. We hare here at the request of the Bishop."
A loving chuckle escaped me. There was, sometimes, a feline side to his behaviour.
Her shoes I was unable to see, and her hands told me nothing from a distance; so could not apply Holmes' golden rule of observation.
I had heard the Inspector the moment Mrs. Hudson opened the door for him. His entrance gave the most welcome opportunity to divert Watson's attention.
“And how?”
"I am palpitating with excitement!"
"I suppose we shall see soon enough." a tranquil silence fell over us, until an idea came to my mind. "Holmes?"
"Not so, Huntley..."
A deep breath helped to steel my nerves.
My shoulders sank in disappointment.
“Good. The fourth and final pair, however, appears rather out of place. While they too are size 9, they are of a better quality and certainly too expensive for our killers. If you take a look at the direction of those prints, you will notice, that the smaller hobnail boots entered but did not leave. The expensive pair, however, left without having entered. Now, what do you make of that?”
On most occasions, when one wishes to make a toast, or deliver a speech, one needs to attract the attention of ones guests first- I believe I need not mention that Sir Thomas was the exception that proves the rule. Everyone's eyes- including mine and Holmes' were already fixed on him.
As if in response to Sir Thomas' question, there came a loud bang against the door, followed by a bellowed "No! No! Oh god! Let me go!"
Another sigh. “I know, I know. I can see that now, though I cannot make any promises. My work is everything to me, you know that.”
“Ah, good evening, dear Watson. I am delighted you got the rest you deserved, after a week with undoubtedly one of the most taxing patients to ever plague a doctor.”
My partner smiled enigmatically and shrugged. “Perhaps? Whoever it was, there was only one reason he could have done it: to make certain both landladies are out of the house, to ascertain there will be no further intrusions this evening. Perhaps the sender wished to spend some time alone with his loved one.” he looked up with a smirk. “But alas, we shall never know.”
I could picture him with painful vivacity. The pale moonlight outlining his slender body complimented by his favourite red morning gown, and the first pink rays of sunshine softening his sharp features.
It should be abundantly clear by now, how I really felt about Holmes.
"It appears he took quite the beating, Holmes. His nose is broken, as is his left arm. Then there is this large wound on his head...and there seems to be some sort of metal in it."
I turned around and smiled. There he was, in the flesh, smiling back at me with all the tenderness of a smitten schoolgirl.
“Much better, thank you. You rather saved me from a strange dream, you know. An unpleasant affair, Watson. Unpleasant indeed. But I shall spare you its macabre details.”
“Ah, Watson! You were gone a terribly long time.” I deliberately overlooked the other man. “And Inspector Baynes isn't with you?”
"I trust your judgement, Holmes." Chimed I with some relief.
I had hardly left my room that morning, preoccupied with the Bishop's urgent telegram, when my friend forced that preposterous article upon me. I gave in, even finding it rather amusing, but generally considered it to be of poor penmanship and not worth my time.
I smiled again, this time with pride. “Elementary! You surpass yourself today, dear fellow. We now know there were three men involved in this gruesome torture- AND we know why his shoes are missing.”
Watson lifted his hands in an appeasing manner, ready to explain who we were. I put a hand on his chest to stop him. It was vital he should speak before us.
I smiled back at him a little awkwardly, trying to shake any emotions and continue with my examinartion. Luckily, his temperature was only slightly raised.
"Ah, there they are! I would recognise those slightly bent legs anywhere."
“Well, I am glad to be of service.” said I sincerely, yet unintentionally romantic.
“I solemnly swear- on my honour as a gentleman- to refrain from tobacco until my health is restored. Was that quite satisfactory, doctor?”
He proceeded to take our hats and coats, and guided us into the sitting room, where he announced our presence.
I heard an annoyed grunt from the armchair.
“See here, Watson, footprints often provide more vital information than the very best of informants.”
He closed his eyes with a sigh of utter content. “That's much better...”
I lifted my head. His black moods worried me, especially now I myself was not in prime condition. It meant I might not be able to shield him from the infernal temptation of the cocaine bottle.
I looked at Holmes with some exasperation, but he simply shrugged.
Holmes was perched in his armchair, meditatively plucking at the strings of his violin.
"Would you like to recount tonight's events, or would you prefer I do it for you, m'am?" asked Holmes.
Lady Peacock gently shook her head. "No, I need to confess my own sins, Mr. Holmes. You see, I never intended to cause any harm but...." a loud, ugly sob shook her body, "I killed that man Huntley! That awful, awful man!"
It seemed mere minutes until dinner was served, when in reality, it must have been closer to an hour. Like any engaging interaction, the topics jumped from one to the other, ranging from amateur sports, to the tulip mania of 1637, to Socrates and his impact on modern literature.
Love is, indeed, best.
Well...I suppose I am doing him an injustice. The more I got to know the great detective, the more he revealed himself to me. We had hardly been together a year then. Both of us have changed- though I am confident to say- mostly for the better. Now we are approaching "middle-age", and the last remnants of youth give way to the first signs of age, we begin to settle down. Even Holmes' once endless resources begin to show signs of slowing; which I, who has had my share of adventure long ago, can only appreciate.
We had to change in Paris, in order to catch the last train to Calais. It was a little past ten when we alighted. I felt rather drowsy, as it had been my turn to sleep for the past hour or so of our journey. I only awoke to Holmes touching me lightly on the shoulder. Another six hours were spent on a train before we reached Calais, whence a ferry would take us back to British soil.
Sir Thomas gave a start at the idea. "What?! That's ridiculous! I never laid hands on my staff! Most of them are former rent boys whom I picked off the streets and offered a future! Those boys have been through enough!"
"Well, we can do it like so- I will lay the facts before you, and you will correct any little error I might have made." My friend suggested patiently. He had had dealings with similarly stubborn criminals in the past. "I will start by continuing the chain of events we we were discussing before you appeared. You heard Lady Peacock's cry of distress while you were in the cellar. It never struck me as odd to see the two of you come out of that door until the death of the Butler. What was the footman doing in the cellar? Why was he in the house at all?"
“That is exctly the reason why I chose not to tell you about it in my letters. It would have caused no end of trouble.”
The footman clenched his jaw. "I saw him sat there...the old bastard...didn't ken he was injured until the moment he turned around and looked at me with his bleeding nose. But it was too late...I was already about to strike. Killing was never part of our plan, and I pray to god I never have to do it again..."
Chapter 5 – The beginning of the mystery
"The honour is ours, Sir Thomas." said I. Holmes merely smiled appreciatively.
Again, my companion smiled. "I never knew you were in the habit of taking your notebook to bed with you."
“I am certain you have read the rural origins in the redness of her cheeks. No paint could produce so natural an effect. The dress speaks of wealth- as you have correctly observed. It is her behaviour which really gives her away. No lady from a good home would slouch in such a way.”
“Now, must I really ask how you came to be this way? Or why, despite the great number of excellent doctors in France, you summoned me?”
"It's a sign, Holmes...I'm not meant to be in England. Death follows everywhere I go. After all this, I'm only too glad to return to my tea...Still- it was good to see you again, old chap. Perhaps we'll meet again in 12 years." They shook hands, and lingered for a while.
“Very well, I know how much promises mean to you, and I will honour it.”
Thankfully, the case kept the two of us occupied for a fortnight. I had forgotten all about the invitation until my companion mentioned it to me a few days after the successful conclusion of the latest problem.
I watched my colleague examine the carpet once more, grunting and humming all the while.
“You say you are a gentleman, but I hear nothing but the words of a blackmailer. Just...just open it and leave.”
Therefore, I settled with placing my hands where it was most comfortable- my right gently playing with his hair, and my left quietly resting on his chest.
We had been given a room at the far end of the house, whence we returned after some light conversation in the smoking room. I am positive the somewhat exiled placement of our room was neither an oversight nor hostlity, but really a matter of privacy- as our hosts knew exactly how two confirmed bachelors like to spend the quiet hours.
"Splendid. Your help is of infinite value. Now go and sit down where I can find you."
"Not really. Sir Thomas is...particular in that regard. He created this household to be alone among men. It is not commonly known, of course."
Holmes smiled tiredly at me, then looked at the anxious woman who had opened the curtains and windows at my request.
Holmes and I were met by Trevor and White the next morning. They thanked us for coming, and informed us of their plans of returning to India.
I chuckled, and, upon passing him, moved a hand gently through his hair. He had not pomaded it at all that day, by the looks of it. The sight was a rare, but not unpleasant one.
“Since you always marvel at my methods, I thought it might be entertaining to help you acquire them for yourself.”
The words "Note this down, doctor", came so naturally to me, I could do nothing to prevent them.
"Oh? Has something happened?"
“Splendid. Just the words I was hoping to hear today...” his voice trailed off slightly towards the end, and his muscles underneath the nightshirt relaxed
"Shut your trap! I'm not going to hang for this, you hear?!"
"Ach, god-damn it..." Willis' voice was weak with resignation. "Fine...have it your way. It's your fault if they hang us..."
"Willis took one of the candle sticks and finished the job. But Parker is known to faint at the sight of blood, so you agreed to send him back in- for one so you could avert suspicion, but also to keep him from fainting."
Chapter 2 – Arrival at Norfolk
"But your husband could since he had just sold his estate."
“Well, then allow me to provide an even more fulfilling ending to this day...” With that, he took my hand gently in his, and stepped closer in order to press a gentle kiss onto my mouth.
We sprang to our feet. The sound of china breaking echoed in the hall. We arrived at the scene seconds later, only to find Willis and Parker rolling on the ground together.
Chapter 8 – The solution
“Where else could I have hidden them? My own chambers offer no cover. I knew, however, that his Excellency- may he rest in peace- knew nothing about chess, and would not notice my game.”
"A handsome sum..."
Again, SPOILER ALERT to those who haven't played the game!
I gave in wearily. "Very well."
Sir Thomas froze at the sound of that sweet voice. "Martha?? Is that you?"
I had no intention of reacting to this show of self-pity. “My dear Reverend...I notice that you are a chess-lover...I trust you will excuse me, but I can never resist the appeal of an unfinished game.”
Both of them turned their attention to us upon the butler's entrance, displaying equal delight.
Save for his brother and our landlady, I am, to the best of my belief, the only one who has the privilege of knowing the many sides  of Holmes' remarkable personality. Not simply his strict sense for justice, his impatience, and his often cold and reasoning nature, but also his burning passions, his sense of humour, and above all, his great kindness.
"Watson, I have just discovered a new field of study. I really wonder how it has escaped me for so long! I think I shall write a monograph upon the subject as soon as we return to Baker Street." he muttered at long last.
“I'm afraid I cannot do that. Not just yet. Come, Watson, it is time to open the safe. I am eager to discover what remarkable treasure could justify such an act of barbarity.”
Love is best.”
“What kind of dog would you like then?” I asked with as much love as a man could hold, so endearing was his little monologue.
I collected a scalpel from a side table and pocketed it with the rest of the evidence. Watson had been right.
At dinner time, when I first emerged from my chamber, feeling rather refreshed and invigorated- all seemed to be well.
“I have always taken a special interest in bees. Their ways simply fascinate me- their social orders, their ways of communication, and their industriousness. I feel, at times, that they are a much more pleasant alternative to our own kind. I am much inclined to write a monograph upon the matter someday...perhaps when I acquire my first hive.”
"I haven't had the time to do an inventory, but nothing appears to be stolen. Besides, his Excellency didn't own anything of great value."
"You must promise me that you will believe every word I tell you. I only came here to convince myself of the truth- and to talk to you. All I did, I did to save face- yours as well as my own."
It was not until the after our arrival at home, that I decided to mention the case again.
The chamber was eerily quiet. All that could be heard was my companion's shallow breathing.
Soon the butler, whose name I learned was Huntley, made another entrance in order to serve the aperitifs. Inevitably, the conversation moved to all things India, whence Trevor and White had only recently returned.  The two of them were very pleasant company- even White, who had appeared so quiet at first glance, soon partook in the conversation wholeheartedly.
"No! I can't go on lying, Willis! Don't you see they found us out?! None of this would have happened if you'd been honest!"
The estate was situated about a thirty-minute ride from the station. Never before had a country homestead struck me with such beauty. The large fence surrounding the premises was lined with oak trees, which had turned the most beautiful shade of orange. The leaves gave the appearance of having been set ablaze, as the last rays of golden sunlight shone upon them. The drive up to the house too was lined with clusters of orange, which gradually turned red as we approached the vine-covered old house.
The window was wide open, but his scent had prevailed. I wondered if it would linger there forever, just like a part of his spirit had remained by his desk.
"Dear lord, what is it?!"
I removed the rug, and found a corresponding stain on the floor by the desk. The rest was child's play. The cloth had been used to hide a large chess piece- a knight, to be exact. The checkered tiles lent themselves perfectly to be used as a board. A square of 5x5 tiles had been outlined with charcoal. It was just large enough to be covered entirely by the rug.
"Reverend, when the Inspectors of Scotland Yard find themselves at a dead end, which they quite often do, I assure you, then they turn to me. If you will allow us to continue our investigation, then you shall see justice done."
"Holmes?" I asked, once we were sat comfortably in our armchairs, smoking, and enjoying a Whiskey and soda.
"Well, then, The Amazing Mr. Holmes, let's manifest a drink, and see who has arrived yet."
I was surprised, yet glad Watson hadn't jumped at the opportunity to defend my status. It allowed me to do so myself.
"Hmmm?"
"It is noted."
I had felt growing excitement upon being handed the envelopes, which faded into helplessness with every letter I opened.
“But...” he hesitated. “...did you really have to blackmail him?”
Holmes whistled. "That is very generous for an estate of this size."
"Mr. Holmes...are you suggesting it was not the fall which killed him?"
"I...I don't know! It was last night, I think...it must have been...I only just arrived, and I have made this macabre discovery! My God! How horrible..." he paused and swirled round to look at us. The haze of shock lifting from his thoughts, if only for the briefest of moments. "I haven't called anyone, how did you know that?" he shook his head and continued his somewhat incoherent but invaluable statement.
"Damn you..." I muttered again.
He would never turn around to greet me, but I could read quiet joy in the smile reflected in the glass. My eyes went searching for those of his mirror-image, wondering, part of me even hoping he might do the same.
“Would you be so kind as to tell me what I missed in London during my absence? I...I hardly had the time to...to find a newspaper.”
It didn't matter now. In fact, I was beginning to feel nothing really did.
Well, the rest of the day was spent much like the last: with dinner, good conversation, and a taste of Mr. White's musical talents to top it all off.
He looked intently into my eyes. There was a fire burning in them- a sign he was taking the incident more seriously than he allowed anyone to see.
For a moment, my mind, riddled with grief and anxiety, tricked me into believing there were sounds coming from the adjoining room. It took some effort not to jump to my feet and burst through the door to Holmes' room.
“On your honour as a gentleman.”
"My god, Holmes..." my words were but a whisper.
Now for the safe. The lock was so complex it was impossible to break into it, therefore I had no choice but to open it legitimately. It shall serve as a reminder to always pack my tools- whatever the occasion.
A sidelong glance at the mantelpiece told me there was no time to be lost. It was then I first noted something was...off.
“Many people do, believe me, but I do not. I am disappointed in you, Holmes.”
“That is fortunate! I will send a reply at once!” Holmes migrated to his desk, where he jotted down a quick telegram, as was his custom.
“In one year they sent a million fighters forth
Next, I directed my attention to the desk, which was also covered in blood. It had nothing to offer except for a bottle of Whiskey and a paperweight. Evidently, the murderers had used the former to steady their nerves, and the latter to break the Bishop's fingers.
It was then a slip of the tongue almost compromised the investigation. Regrettably, I am not exempt from such errors, as the further progress of this account will prove.
"I am glad-"
Although the country squire was really over fifty, he moved and spoke like a lad of 20. His powdered wig and black mask around the eyes helped a good deal in concealing his actual age.
"Aye, sir." The Footman said. "Parker, you take the west wing, I take the east."
“Well, there you have it.” His lids snapped shut again, and his worried expression faded into a slight smile. “I am not in the habit of sharing my dreams. They are too abstract to be of any use- but I will make an exception for you, as I know you take an interest in these things.”
Of course, I had turned my head to meet his gaze. The genuine concern for my wellbeing was impossible to ignore.
“How do you know she isn't merely short-sighted?”
“Mmmh, Watson...” he muttered sleepily without opening his eyes. “I have always wondered what it would be like to wake up by your side...”
"May we see the Bishop of Knightsbridge?"
“Servante, vous pouvez partire. Merci.”
But no...it was impossible. I had seen him pull the trigger. I had felt for his pulse, knelt by his lifeless body, and stained my clothes with his blood. There was no other explanation. My best friend, Sherlock Holmes was dead- the days of his great adventures numbered once and for all, and it was up to me to bury him.
It was my turn to smile. Sherlock Holmes had his own way of expressing his affection towards me, which was never direct. While I appreciated the subtlety of our romance, my heart leaped at this straight-forward gesture.
“I had strong reasons to assume it, yes.”
O heart! oh blood that freezes, blood that burns!
"But what on earth can it be?"
"Well, sir...there was this man- dressed like a harlequin- with chequered suit, and black cap and all. He was making eyes at Sir Thomas all evening, is all. It might be nothing, sir. I don't know...I just thought it was a bit strange, you see- I didn't see him talk with anyone else."
"Good morning, Holmes. I trust you slept well?"
"So, am I to believe the wizard was the only other thing you could get your hands on?"
Empty and half-paralysed I gazed out the window. The city was not quite awake. Only the occasional rattle of a bus, or hurried steps in the street beneath betrayed the first signs of life- workers, staff, and lantern lighters. It had been Holmes' favourite time of day.
"He made us a very generous offer- just £8000 for the whole thing. Staff included."
He gave a short laugh. “Well, I am glad to hear it! There is much at stake, so I must do my best to be exemplary.”
"How could we have been fooled by such a blatant imitation? I don't understand." Interjected Baynes.
I must have shot him a glare in the heat of the moment, for his eyes widened in surprise.
"Costume?" It struck me the moment the word left my lips. I slapped my knee in anger over my own forgetfulness. "The masquerade! Of course!"
"So it was really your father who introduced Holmes to his profession?"
Reluctantly, I put it on, wondering why my partner thought it appropriate to have me dress up as the Dark Lord. A glance in the mirror gave me the answer. Without wishing to flatter myself, I had no choice but to admire the effects the red silk had on my appearance.
"Trevor here told me you were acquainted, but I wasn't aware he would invite you. I am pleased he did. You see, I'm a great admirer of your work, gentlemen. Both of you."
I thought for a moment, but had to admit there was nothing I could add.
Again, my friend appeared rather amused- this time in a mischievous manner. "I think no one would appreciate a drunken stable boy, or an old priest on the premises. Although it would make for a fine practical joke, I will admit it."
“See? I was telling the truth!” he blurted out. “That is quite enough. This time you won't stop me!”
"Nothing whatsoever?"
"Courage, John!" I told myself and reached for the door handle.
Seconds began to stretch into eternities before my friend finally lifted the curse.
"Perhaps, but I know what happened." Holmes' voice was stern, but his manner relaxed as he lit a cigarette. "A confession would bring you a considerable advantage, as it is the only way we can help you."
My friend, however, refused to let go of the subject once again. A discussion erupted, over who might be to blame for the unjust mistreatment of my name, during which my eyes kept darting demonstratively at the clock.
I beamed with excitement. Never before- and never thereafter, has my friend lauded me in such a way, regarding my meagre attempts at the art of deduction.
I pricked up my ears at the sound of footsteps echoing toward us, down the stone corridor.
Chapter 7 – The mysterious woman
Following this metaphor, I might have been the veterenerian, who saved the animal after having walked into a trap. I was glad to have gained his trust and affection, but would be more than happy to release him back into the jungle of crime where he could truly thrive.
I lifted my hand to stop him. “Holmes! You go too fast! How do you know she is not local?”
Admittedly, he had always struck me as rather unlikable, and a little too sure of himself; both traits which are certain to produce a confession in some way or another. Arrogance can be intimidating, after all. He was clearly trying to produce the same effect on me. A fact which was very suggestive, if not alarming.
“Lamb shank pie? Oh, Mrs. Hudson, you shouldn't have!” I cried at the sight of my favourite dish.
As I started to unwrap the ominous costume, brown paper gave way to, what appeared to be red silk and velvet, delicately embroidered with golden thread.
Holmes' gaze idly followed the passing scenery. I could imagine only too well how he sneered, in his head, at those provincial little cottages.
His voice had begun to crack towards the end of the sentence. I needed to direct his attention back to the facts in order to learn as much as I could.
The priest took a step towards the door but I blocked his way and glared at him.
"Holmes! I...I was unaware! Did this Trevor really introduce you to detective work?"
“Come in!”
There was a moment's silence before Holmes spoke again. "That will do, thank you..." he then turned to face Sir Thomas. "As it is in our best interest to keep what happened quiet, and those two men, are unlikely to turn to crime again, I would suggest a milder punishment. Perhaps in the shape of a journey to America aboard a transport ship full of tea?"
"I have some papers here which I really think, Watson, that it would be worth your while to glance over. These are the documents in the extraordinary case of the Gloria Scott, and this is the message which struck Justice of the Peace Trevor dead with horror when he read it."
I had never doubted the importance of this case, and I would not let it go for worlds- especially now my client had met so gruesome an end. Bringing the police into the matter would mean bringing in Baynes. No, I had to gather as much information as possible on my own.
Holmes and I shared a sympathetic look.
"And when Parker did faint, you couldn't bring yourself to leave his side, is that not so? For despite everything, you love each other..."
Her husband considered for a while. "I...suppose it is only fair. What do you want?"
“I shall be sure to remind you of these words when you are on your feet again.” I teased.
Our host froze. "What?! Is that true? You were stealing from me?!"
"Yes, sir. The boys just needed a little reminder of their duties."
“Watson?”
Earth's returns
"Is something the matter? You look ghastly." I asked quickly, preparing for the worst.
I have often tried to pinpoint the beginning of our misery. Now I am in possession of all the facts, it is safe to say that it was the moment Baynes set foot in our lodgings. Therefore this must serve as a starting point for my narrative- for, unlike Watson, I prefer to tell stories in their right order.
"Come, come, my boy! I promise you will hear the end of the story as soon as we have some time to spare, but I have no desire to do my toilette with cold water. Perhaps this will console you for the time being." Before I could respond, a soft, lingering kiss was pressed against my lips.
I had tried hard not to look at him. I could never withstand the kindness of those hazel eyes, so I folded my hands in front of my chest in protest and stared defiantly at the closet across the room.
"Was the wound fatal?"
As did Watson- only that his point was rather far removed from mine.
"So be it. Take me. I haven't the nerve to sit in the dust any longer."
Holmes chuckled weakly and shook his head.
South and North,
"No, Martha...but, I must be honest with you...there have been some... Huntley was quite right. I often hosted these events to give men of...well..of my sort a chance to be free- if only for an evening. And I did enjoy my share of intimacy."
"Indicative."
I could see his gaze wander out into the greyish-brown wall of fog behind which our city lay hidden.
Barely could I withhold a sigh of relief when the cleric finally gave in. He scowled, but took the key from his pocket and threw it across at me.
"But who killed Huntley? And what became of that woman everyone's been talking about!"
“Oh yes, doctor. I should. A man who up and leaves to another country to look after his friend deserves a good pie in my books.” she chuckled in her amicable way. “Well, gentlemen, I hope you can quite sort yourselves out after dinner. I'll be going to the theatre tonight.” Again, she laughed. “Can you imagine? Mrs. Turner and I in a box at the Adelphi?”
Despite his age and grizzled hair, the butler's appearance spoke of grace and respectability. I was certain the lines on his elegant face were the hard-earned fruits of a life of labour.
"I would very much like to finish my story, if you don't mind, gentlemen...Where was I...? The costume- of course. I...I had a costume made, which was certain to disguise my features- and anything the suit could not hide, my corset and makeup certainly would. Anxiously, and with a heavy heart, I waited until the 31st. I considered returning home- to somehow pay that dreadful man, and never think about it again. But then I realised that he might ask for more- again, and again- bringing certain ruin upon us. So I dressed up, took my invitation, and attended the party." she paused again to breathe. "Well...after I confirmed what I feared most, I went to seek the man out who was holding me on a leash like a pet dog. When I saw him...with his air of superiority, and that satisfied grin on his face, something took hold of me. I never meant to harm him- I don't believe I really understood we were standing at the top of the stairs- I simply pushed him...and he fell...only when he lay dead at the bottom of the staircase, bleeding, did I grasp what it was I had done. I screamed in horror, and ran away. I had hardly reached the front door, when I heard footsteps nearing me. I hid in the cabinet, intending to wait until everything had calmed down before finding a way out of the house...Which I did- but rather than outside, I found myself locked in the cellar." It must have cost lady Peacock considerable strength to restrain her emotions.
A new set of tears was streaming down her cheeks when she lifted her head to look her husband in the eye. She had resumed something of her natural grace, now she was sat in the comfort of a sofa.
I nodded. It was hard for me to really catch any details, as I tried hard not to stare and intrude upon her privacy. The last thing I wanted was to upset the young lady. As always, there was little I could read from her appearance. She was wealthy, so much was obvious from her attire- and she was unmarried. Her age could not possibly exceed 25. As to her physical attributes, she was of a rather plain beauty- with a rounded face and slightly reddened cheeks, like those of a country girl rather than a woman of the world. Her eyes were of a common brown, and her hair of a greyish-blonde, so that her face almost contrasted with her dress.
I hesitated. He was right. I did want to learn his tricks, but failed miserably every time I as much as attempted it- and it would certainly provide ample entertainment to Holmes. Even so, I was certain I would make greater progress with his aid. “Well...I shall do my best.”
Fire gleamed in the young Scot's eyes. "Not a word, Parker! They can't prove anything!"
The colour drained noticeably from the lad's face- so much so, I was afraid he was going to faint.
"If you would be so kind as to wait until I have left the room, so the surprise will be more effective. It pains me, as I would not mind seeing you with no clothes at all- but it is a sacrifice I must make."
"We're sorry we had to forgo our duties towards you this morning."
Thankfully the man smiling at me from the sturdy wooden bed was not Mr. Holmes, the cold thinker; the Great Detective to whom all the world turned for help. This was Sherlock- a man trying not to shiver beneath thick blankets in a well-heated room- who looked to me- John (for I was never Dr. Watson when he was not Mr. Holmes) for much-needed and well-deserved love. Without the context of his intellect and his profession, the air of mystery surrounding him vanished entirely, leaving nothing but a human being.
In an instant, Sir Thomas, White, and even Willis were by the boy's side. The latter attempting to hoist him to his feet while growling "Parker, you idiot..."
My friend had come to stand beside me as I knelt down to examine the body more closely. He knew he was needed whenever medical matters were concerned.
"Au contraire, Watson. The case itself is easily published- but I am afraid you will be disappointed. I might have solved the matter, but only played a very minor part in it. Besides- the story lacks the satisfaction of justice your readership craves. There is a decided element of sensationalism, however."
I cleared my throat, suddenly feeling rather ridiculous in my outfit. "Certainly, Holmes."
"How very kind of you." It was Holmes' turn to speak.
I seemed to have chosen my words well, for he suddenly looked guilty.
“And twice has she waved for the waiter-” Holmes continued.  “-which speaks, as you will no doubt agree, of very little etiquette. This, again, leads me to the final surmise I have made: the family's rise to wealth having been recent. She has not yet had occasion to learn the adequate mannerisms of her new status.”
"I'm afraid I found nothing, sir."
So we sat in silence, sipping our teas until my friend cleared his throat.
“Splendid!” he cried with genuine delight. “Let us start with the lady in the purple dress.”
Holmes bowed his head. “I make the solemn promise not to-”
Husband and wife exchanged a look of confusion.
"Again, it is one of the reasons." He grinned at his little, private joke. "Since those who avail themselves of my services like to compare me to a magician, I could not deny the irony in turning into one for an evening."
“Would you mind reading aloud to me? It would serve greatly in soothing my nerves.”
Watson hummed knowingly.
Reluctantly I dressed myself. By the time I emerged from my room the sadness had been overshadowed by numbness. Even the sight of Holmes' beloved analysis table failed to provoke the slightest emotion. It only called to memory a distant echo of what must have been love and loss.
I decided to let the matter rest for a while. Curiosity did get the better of me over luncheon however, so I addressed the mysterious invitation.
“So? Do you promise?”
"The poor Bishop...he was not only killed, but horribly mutilated! He was such a good man...how could anyone be so brutal? Look at him, he's barely recognisable! How could any of God's children be responsible for something like...like that?"
I returned to my room as soon as Baynes was gone, in order to fetch my hat and coat. Although my mood was continually blackening, not aided by my colleague's endless tirade of dull questions, his presence comforted me.
My friend shook his head. "You must exercise patience. Two more days and you shall see."
“So what?”
"I am afraid I cannot tell you. Everything that happened tonight has happened in order to avoid a scandal. It is within our best interest to keep it that way. I must therefore ask all of you to return home."
A strong scent of chemicals clung to it, but I was unable to identity the mixture solely based on that. It would have to be analysed in Baker Street.
No part of the Bishop's body had been spared the torture. I have taken the liberty of borrowing Watson's notes:
It took some time until we could sober up from the intoxicating effects love often has, and to pry ourselves away from the other.
“Very unlikely, as the decoration on her hat is also very distinctly Alpine. Moreover, I know she does not speak French well because she keeps looking about her in such a peculiar fashion. It is typical for someone who is trying to read something, but has a hard time deciphering it.”
I took the liberty of watching him for some time, for it was rare to see him in such a state of absolute peace.
Sir Thomas broke the silence. The crowd of men began to move again, as if simultaneously awaking from a trance. "Please, gentlemen! There is no need to fret. We will find an explanation for whatever happened. We have no proof anything...unfortunate...has happened- and until we do, I suggest you go back to the music room and have a drink. After all, we have the famous specialist Mr. Sherlock Holmes on our side."
I spent the day catching up with some sleep- trusting Holmes would keep his promise and behave.
"We can but speculate, but the sale of the house seems a likely-enough motive. After meeting his new masters, Huntley knew the end of his career had come- instead of speaking to his employers however, he realised he could make a considerable profit by blackmailing his innocent master's wife."
“Then I have no choice but to comply with your condition.” I removed my collar, and slipped into the warm sheets beside him.
30 Minutes later the premises were almost empty, but as quiet as if it housed no one at all.
Baynes finally saw sense. It did not earn him my gratitude, but I did spare him a retort for addressing me by my last name only. That is a privilege reserved only for my friends, and a friend he was certainly not.
"Adequately." There was mischief gleaming in his eyes as he turned around to face me. He had been joking. "And yourself?"
I could see the sincerity in his pallid face; a look I simply could not withstand.
“Very well. I understand this kind of social gathering is nothing for you. I will burn the letters from the ladies, and let Mr. Trevor know we will not attend his party.”
“On your honour as a gentleman.”
Fingers: Bent in impossible angles – bones crushed by great force
It appears he has reached an agreement with his wife, which allows both of them to live life to the fullest without falling under public scrutiny.
"Yes, sir. He asked for one third of our earnings. He threatened to tell us off with Sir. Thomas.
“Of course, dear fellow! I left London as soon as I received your wire.”
My body forced my eyes shut at the sight of the carpet. No doubt Mrs. Hudson had ordered someone to have it taken away and cleaned- if not replaced. But for now, Holmes' blood still marked the spot where he had decided to take fate into his own hands.
"All due respect, sir- if I see a man stare back at me like that, with his head bashed..., I ken that I'm looking at a dead man."
As the sky
Mrs. Hudson had done her best to restore order to the chaos caused by the police after Holmes' disappearance following the incident at the Mill- however a brief glance was enough to tell me some things were not placed correctly. Reluctantly I picked up a book from his desk. It was a treatise on light spectra in chemistry- something I could never begin to understand.
Watson and I did not exchange another word until we were back in our quarters in Baker Street. Mrs. Hudson had served tea, which we gladly accepted as a remedy for our frayed nerves.
The evening found me in a mediocre hotel room near Holborn Viaduct. I was glad to be out of Baker Street. The distance, albeit not a great one, was enough to free my mind to some extent, and take off part of the weight which had accumulated on my shoulders throughout all of this sorry affair. I even managed to take pen to paper, hoping that writing an account of what had happened might help me sleep.
"Watson, I have an appointment, and it is out of the question that I arrive late."
He bit his lip, frowned for a moment, then gave me a tired little smile which held all the kindness in the world. It told me much more about his real state than his actual reply.
Every second, from the moment he placed the cigarette between my lips, to my first drag before he let go offered much-needed relief. He knew nothing of my disposition. Perhaps it was for the better.
“Thank you, Reverend. Now we are finally on speaking terms, I would like to ask one more question.”
“Simply this: What are you able to tell us about the Bishop's final days? Did he receive any visitors? Did he appear distressed?”
“What will there be for dinner?”
He closed his eyes with the same  satisfied expression of absolute relaxation he only showed when we were attending his favourite concerts. Was it the effect I had on him? I hardly dared hope so, but then again, we had not seen each other in almost eight weeks.
"Ha! I knew you would!" He was practically bursting with child-like joy.
"What is that, Holmes? Deducing the behaviour of people at social gatherings?"
His features showed surprise. “That is all?”
The house was beginning to fill with strange and outlandish characters, and each of them in the perfect temper for a pleasant evening among like-minded men. Some of the more noteworthy costumes we encountered were a bat, Robin Hood, and a sans-culotte.
“Ah, Watson. How good of you to come.” his tone macthed his appearance.
Of course, this made me prick up my ears. I had forgotten all about Holmes' promise to share the story of their friendship with me over the course of the day. I was eager to inquire, now that another chance presented itself to me.
“Well, Watson. How about a little game to keep us occupied?”
Not even our hosts were spared the burdens of organisation, which resulted in Holmes and I traveling into Norwich to be out of the way.
It was with some relief, therefore, that I responded to a knock on the door.
Lady Peacock nodded. "Larger than anything I could muster."
Baynes' visit had thoroughly strained my patience- now it was wearing thin.
“No, Watson, the man was executed by a group of workers. He was a member of the District Council of Poplar. The suicide theory is merely a ploy put in place by the police to keep the public under control.” He let himself fall back into his armchair with a gesture of indifference. “A pretty mess they made of it, Watson...allowing their secret to surface in the papers. I wonder if Mycroft knows...Well, I suppose it can't be helped. Perhaps it is for the best....”
Mrs. Hudson shuffled in, carrying a number of letters. The morning post had arrived.
"Excellent! I promise, your trust shall be rewarded."
How long I lay dreaming I do not know, but eventually I was torn from my reverie by a drowsy "Good morning, dear fellow..."
Thus, we arrived back in Baker Street, weary but glad to be home, at nine in the morning.
From where I was standing, I could see another piece of broken glass glistening on the floor.
“But what does it all mean, Holmes? I can make neither head nor tail of the situation...espcially this unnecessary brutality.”
I obeyed. As soon as I had claimed my spot, Holmes sprawled out lengthwise on the sofa, with his head rested firmly in my lap.
"Aye."
I recounted my observations to him, and prepared myself for one of his half-humorous remarks. However, he once again took me entirely by surprise.
“No indeed, Holmes. I didn't come all this way and worried myself half to death only to be subject to your masterful nature.” Although I was effectively reprimanding him like a naughty boy, my tone was still gentle. I was too relieved and too glad to finally be near him again to be harsh.
Suffice it to say I felt for the man who had found him.
"On what business are we going to the Bishop?" Watson continued before I could lose myself in my thoughts any further.
I took another drag from my cigarette. Finally, he was asking the interesting questions.
Buried beneath those letters, lay a mold of wax. Judging by its shape it had been used to copy a key. Interersting.
Another thing which is not often granted to those of the invert-variety, are quiet mornings in bed. In most cases those mornings, if they take place at all, are cut short by housekeepers, maids, or worse still- clients. Not so there, as every inhabitant of the house was the same way inclined.
I was glad to hear Holmes speak of his plans for the future, as I hoped it would give him a reason to take better care of himself.
It was clear he had picked up a scent the moment he jumped to his feet and dashed out of the room. There would be no use in asking, for I was well aware he would not speak a word until he had either confirmed or denied whatever it was he had found.
“Do you know what Mrs. Hudson is preparing for dinner?” I asked eventually.
"My colleague's title is Doctor Watson. Unless you were expecting someone else." Said Holmes suavely.
Driven by sheer panic, I fired at the man whom I had considered my most intimate friend for so long. I had feared for my life as my gun failed again and again. My heart pounded faster in my chest with every quiet click. He must have foreseen my reaction and taken the bullets from my revolver. Terrified I dropped my weapon. Was he really prepared to shoot me? I could not say.
We returned to the music room. An absolute silence lay over the house as soon as the door opened. The quiet weighed heavy upon us all. I could hear my own heart beating loudly in my chest, and feared I would be unable to breathe for much longer. The atmosphere felt oppressive. I slid my hood from my head, and watched the crowd, hoping to find some sort of reassurance. All I did find was fear. There was Parker, holding an empty tumbler in his shaking hands; and Trevor, whose glistening, reddened eyes betrayed the true state of his nerves.
I examined the brush in my hand. The hairs on my neck stood upright at the thought of entering his room. It was the one place I least wanted to go.
"Come, come." My friend replied soothingly. "The Doctor and I will find the lady and all will be well. But you must be honest, or I might not be able to do anything for you."
“No. His scare visits were rather a consequence of his work. The young man is employed within the Royal Archives, which leaves him with little spare time.”
"Well, I suggest we move on to lighter things. See here." he got to his feet and disappeared in his chamber for some time. All I could hear was the rustling of papers, until a delighted "Ha!" rang out.
There came a faint whining noise from the window, and I looked up to find our dog Toby resting his head on his paws.
“Look here- this print was made by well-worn boots with an odd pattern on the soles. They are size 9. I have taken a small fragment of stone from them. Who knows what it might tell us. Those on the other hand, are hobnail boots, like those worn by labourers.”
"Well...we could not say for certain. We have only been here for about three weeks, and haven't any reason to complain so far, but..."
"Do you have a handkerchief?"
A warm spring breeze lifted the delicate white curtains of the open French window, and brought with it a hint of tobacco. It was followed by a jovial, “Out here! Come join me, Watson!”
Strangely, the name evoked some reaction in my friend.
Slowly, the exploits of the bygone night returned to my mind. The memory of Holmes' knuckles turning white as he clung to the bed in ecstasy; my own name whispered hot against my skin; his tight grip in my hair- and lastly, the feeling of utter exhaustion which guided us into a pleasant night's sleep- all of it filled me with a sensation of utter pride and accomplishment. To know one has pleased a lover so completely, gives a sense of satisfaction which a week of work could hardly achieve.
I was perfectly aware of that.
"I said shut it!"
Inspired by these rare words of praise, I did my best to connect what I had observed with what I had learned from six years in Holmes' company.
"That I cannot tell you, but we shall soon find out. The Bishop is afraid of something, therefore it must be important."
I hesitated. “Yes...thank you.”
"Yes, Thomas. It is me. Although I understand your own wife is the last person you's expect to see at this sort of party."
"He loved you as much as you love him...which is something we do not have in common, I'm afraid..." I chuckled bitterly as my thoughts clouded again. My features followed suit. "He could never shake your trust...I wonder...does that make you a better friend?"
It only intensified my dreams that night, as my hapless brain attempted to answer impossible questions. Nothing made sense from the very start! How did the mysterious theft of the Samoan necklace lead to Holmes committing murder and suicide? What had he hoped to gain by releasing one of England's most dangerous criminals from prison?
She returned the courtesy, and bustled off.
And they built their gods a brazen pillar high
And with that, the Reverend broke into a sprint straight for the door. I no longer cared, as I had found what I had searched for- Watson  however, was another matter. As long as the extent of the danger we were facing was unknown to me, I had to make certain he knew as little about the whole affair as possible. I sent him chasing after the wayward cleric in order to finish my work discreetly, but he returned sooner than I had anticipated- out of breath and clearly upset. Not a minute was to be lost, as the police were likely to arrive any moment.
My reply was the usual, polite summary of my deductions and an, I'm afraid to say, not entirely serious, welcome. There could be only one reason for his visit.
The answer struck me at once. I suppose I have to thank him for that.
The festivities continued for about two hours. Groups were formed, splitting into smaller fractions of men, who pursued different recreational activities. Some migrated to the smoking room to chat, some (most likely partners who seized the chance to finally express the pent-up, unfulfilled romance which is the fate of our kind) danced a slow waltz near the quartet, and others ventured into the large dining room to play games. Somehow- I believe it was the fault of Sir Thomas' gift of persuasion in equal parts as the sentiment Holmes felt towards both myself and his old friend- we found ourselves among the latter party. In the beginning, my colleague restrained himself, in order to make an actual effort at allowing others to win. Sometime between the Minister's cat and Charades, however, our companions discovered Holmes' identity.
"Let's just wait until Sir Thomas arrives. It's his party, really. We just agreed to host it."
He dismissed the idea with a wave of his hand. “Puh, puh, Watson! She has neither the posture, nor the marks upon her nose! Her eyesight is in perfect order! So- on to the next point. You said she is the daughter of a country squire. The fact she does not understand French well utterly invalidates the claim. Had she had the fortune of the education wealthy children receive, the language would be second nature to her. Her face and hands speak of a rural upbringing, certainly, but not a wealthy one. No, my bet would be on an agricultural background. Her family has risen in the world not too long ago- through an unexpected inheritance. I wager it is her first time out of her native country.” His eyes wandered from girl's faint reflection in the window, to meet my gaze
“Alight. Fine. What else do you need?”
No force of nature could stop me from paying my final respects to that fascinating man.
“Really? And what might that be?”
“Very good. What do you make of your observations?”
I believe I speak for the both of us when I say I we were happy to return to our compartment. While our little game in the dining car had been amusing, we preferred to travel in companionable solitude.
"Hiding something." Continued Holmes. "You ran upstairs to prevent anyone from going downstairs. By appearing at the scene when you did, you ascertained that you would be asked to help. You knew nothing about her presence, which means you were entirely honest when you told us about the strange person dressed as a harlquin and "making eyes at Sir Thomas", as you put it, Parker. She had nothing to do with your deed, so you saw no reason in holding it back. However, you did not split to search the house as you said you would- or you did, but only very briefly. Your first mistake was to tell me you had started your search in the attic, when there were no footsteps matching your boots atop the stairs, Willis. Instead, you went to the dining room, where you planned to resume the real coup: which was to steal from Sir Thomas."
This lock proved rather easy to pick, as a needle from the dead man's Cilice opened the door almost instantaneously.
"Do you know what we will be doing today?"
Finally, the rustle of fabric gave away her whereabouts. A sob followed, and a figure, dressed as a harlequin, stepped into view.
"Yes, but you did so some time after you were sent to look for her, since you told me you started your search at the top of the house. Most likely, we have you to thank that she is still here at all. So let us go see her."
Holmes slipped through the crowd of men like a snake through the jungle. The only way I could follow him, was by looking out for his pointed black hat, which stood out among the mass of colourful feathers and hoods.
Parker frowned, then turned to us. "Sir Thomas took me in about three years ago, when I'd just turned 18...Willis had already been here some time before that. We were lucky to have someone who looked after us, and took us for what we were. Well, somehow we ended up together. We were so happy, and everything was fine, until Willis came up with the idea of eloping...somehow. It was just a fantasy at first. We'd often dream of running away together, but I knew there was nowhere we could go. At least nowhere where we could be the way we were here. Still, somehow neither of us could let go of the idea...until one night, we made a plan to steal little items from the house- things we could sell but no one would miss- knives, candle sticks- picture frames- that sort of thing..."
“Like-minded bachelors....like Colonel Hayter?”
We found two men there: one who had turned his back to the door- with hair the colour of honey, and sporting fashionable, almost foppish evening attire- and another, brown-haired, dignified gentleman in quieter, more elegant clothes. The latter was the one playing the piano.
I was glad to hear it was not the case, for it made my partner more human than he liked to present himself in public.
Fed and satisfied, we returned to our armchairs, with a whiskey and soda each. Holmes talked about neolithic instruments, as we waited for our landlady to make her final appearance.
"Ah, Mr. Holmes...how did you know I was here?" The sentence resembled an actor who possessed the emotional range of a log of firewood.
"I'll try, sir- but there really isn't much to tell. I was looking for anyone who shouldn't be here, but didn't encounter no one- until I came down to the kitchen and found him lying there- god rest his soul. That's when I ran to tell Sir Thomas."
"Yes, the Bishop of Knightsbridge. I put his address on our map of London, on my desk. Would you get it for me, please?" I waved an arm vaguely in the direction of the living-room.
"You are right....but do at least try to be more polite next time."
I even applied Holmes' favourite approach of directly asking the men whom they suspected. Needless to say, it did not yield any great success.
"Hmm?"
Chapter 3 – A new day
"What has happened, Reverend?" compassion was needed, if I was to gain a statement.
"They were evidently unworthy children, Reverend. Now do please try to calm yourself and focus, because we will need your assistance. Do you have any idea as to the motive behind this?"
“The window, my dear boy! We were passing through a tunnel when she entered, allowing me to watch her occupy the space behind me. Now, shall we?”
“Why, yes. Occasionally.”
Before I could ask what those golden particles were, the fabric and its contents disappeared in one of his vest-pockets, and he continued his search.
"Sir Thomas! Sir Thomas!" Willis, the footman pushed his way through to us. "Something terrible's happened!"
He nodded resolutely. "But I cannot make any promises."
“Certainly.” there was smugness in his voice.
“You sent her the tickets, didn't you?” I inquired once she was gone.
I made my rounds asking other guests whether anyone had seen anything out of the ordinary- or if anyone had spotted a woman at all.
I could not bear the thought of food. My heart and stomach were still weighing too heavily on my disposition.
His eyes had drifted back inside and fallen upon an advert for biscuits in the newspaper on the floor in front of him. It showed a fanciful depiction of the future, with flying police, an hôtel on rails and people walking on water. It was ridiculous. Hardly reason enough to yield to gloom.
Our first stop was the dining room where we had spent two hours playing games earlier that evening. How much had changed since then...how much HE had changed.
I spread the whole thing out on the bed in front of me, and could not help but laugh when I saw what Holmes had found for me. It was a silken devil's costume- complete with tail and hood with horns attached to it. The velvet I had noted on unpacking really turned out to be a cape.
"The very same." Trevor replied with an air of pride. "We met in India and started a contract. I would sell him tea, which his company would ship out into the world. He learned of Elias and me, but rather than showing disgust, he revealed himself to us, and offered to sell us his country house- which was fortunate, because I refused to buy back the late Dad's house."
“Yes, Holmes?”
"We attributed it to the preparations." I answered.
“But I digress...Since I cannot possibly keep bees in the city, I shall move to the country. Where, I have not decided yet, but I would like to take up a small farm there...perhaps keep a dog or two, if my health will allow it.”
My inquiry was met with a chuckle.
I grinned and pulled a magnifying glass from my coat, cleaning it on my sleeve.
“Then why did you ask me to send for him?”
“What about the dead politician? It is rumoured he could not possibly have committed suicide.”
One pearl was too small, another a different culour, and several of poor quality. The necklace was not merely "a fake", as Watson had put it, but a laughable one too.
Too often had I scrambled into his chamber in the middle of the night, frantically calling his name, foolishly hoping to find him standing there, smiling, or rolling his eyes at my emotional entrance- only to be met with a ghostly emptiness, which reflected the state of my sinking heart.
"He asked me to authenticate a certain document. If my cases continue down this line, I should consider a change in career."
At last, we decided to have breakfast brought to our room. It was a great joy to see him devour two omelets. It showed his rapid improvement.
A butler appeared to welcome us, before I could lose myself in my thoughts. "Welcome, Messrs. Holmes and Watson. Mr Trevor is awaiting you, and your room is prepared. I will have your luggage sent up at once."
We are in the prime of our lives- Holmes 33, and I 35, yet, the unkempt shock of brown hair on my friend's head made him look almost 10 years younger.
"Yes, sir."
"So..." Mrs. Peacock muttered, her consciousness clouded with her own problems. "All those....handsome men aren't...?"
"More than you might think, Thomas. But...before I tell you my terrible tale- you must make one promise."
"I see. Are you satisfied?"
My eyes scanned the area for anything of importance I might have missed, and detected a severed finger on the floor, next to the chair where the Bishop was tied up. A rather strange discovery, given the fact the victim, despite all of his wounds, still possessed all ten of his. I took it before the Reverend could notice and start protesting again.
"No, sir, but we heard the scream and came to see if all was well!"
“You are going to kill your appetite and what is left of your health. You were making such great progress. Now is not the time to be reckless! If not for your own sake, then for mine!” I crossed my arms in front of my chest in anger.
My friend returned shortly thereafter, carrying a box.
"What have you found on your search?"
My heart hardened at the thought- the pain amplified by my affection for Holmes. All my trust, wasted. All my admiration misplaced. What a fool I had been. What a lovesick fool...
"Dear me, Watson!" he laughed, and flung himself down on a sofa, once the game was over, and we had joined Trevor and White in the music room.
Head: Contorted features – mouth covered in blood – Holmes pointed out skin between his teeth
My work is often met with sensation-seeking scepticism, especially within the realms of tabloid papers, which increases exponentially as my name becomes more widely known. I therefore chose not to pay any mind to the subject, and made no attempt at hiding this sentiment. Like so often, the good doctor had managed to get himself worked up over something so trivial as my reputation.
We encountered the Butler in the entrance, berating the footman and the page.
"-I rather think my readers would be very interested to learn how you came about your profession. Especially because you take every opportunity to remind us you are the only consulting detective in the world."
Honesty seemed the best option on our side. My name evokes trust more often than it turns people away. I have often used this to my advantage.
He mirrored my expression. "I can but hope."
I am certain he cast a glance in my direction, picturing my face in his vivid mind.
The October of 1887 had been a particularly trying month- not merely for me (my old wound was constantly plaguing me on account of the weather; making me rather unpleasant company), or Holmes, who struggled to find sufficiently intriguing cases, but for the entirety of the United Kingdom, as the tension which had been building for the past 20 years or so, due to the ever-growing divide between man and politics, slowly became tangible.
Like so often, my friend must have read the question from the puzzled expression on my face, for he cocked his head and smiled good-naturedly.
"You are incorrigible, Holmes."
The first three minutes of our journey were uncomfortable at best. I was aware there was something on Watson's mind, but uncertain whether to address it or to wait if he would do so by himself.
“Holmes, you can't go on like this forever. You might be lucky now, but god knows what will happen next time?”
"Gentlemen- all is well. There will be no scandal. We are safe." A wave of visible relief passed through the attendees.
“What have you observed then?”
While our friendship was genuine, there was more to it on my side. I was- or at least had been, terribly in love with my friend. Years of solving puzzles together had produced an intimate bond between us.
The morning came, and the sun rose. Drenched in sweat, and eyes reddened with involuntary tears I made my final decision: I needed explanations or I would go mad. Another day of going between disdain and pity for my friend, and I was certain to lose my mind. Rather than spending another sleepless night, wondering what might have happened; perhaps tortured with crippling uncertainty and unable to trust any human soul again until the end of my days, I needed to go and find out for myself. Above all, I needed to know whether Sherlock Holmes was innocent.
Chapter 6 – The end of Butler Huntley
“Not quite. I was trying to break force the chest. It was only chance which put me in possession of those letters.”
"You still haven't told me about the case which connects you and Trevor."
At this, Holmes' eyes opened, and I believed to sense a flicker of something akin to concern in them. “Certainly. Do our adventures never dog you in the night?”
She took a deep breath, and closed her eyes for quite some time.
At last, I was able to insert myself back into the conversation before Watson was could grab his coat and pay another, less professional visit to the Marquess.
“You knew we wouldn't find Baynes at the station, didn't you?”
The Inspector handed me the box. One glance was enough to tell me everything I needed to know.
"Do whatever is necessary to avert a scandal. I beg you." he dashed down the stairs towards the entrance, calling out for the Butler. He received no response, except for some frantic footsteps and a door opening.
"But Huntley found out, did he not? He blackmailed you." Holmes' voice was low and sympathetic.
I looked up with some concern. “Soothing your nerves? Is there something troublilng you?”
“Anything of interest?” Holmes asked. Clearly I was not the only one to hope for some change in the deadly boredom of our days.
“Suffice it to say, that the arrangement predates you, dear fellow. Our companionship hardly lasted six months, and ended with me having found a profession, and him selling his house and leaving for India.”
“I won't believe for a moment you are comfortable with your neck all at an angle.” A stupid, smitten grin was frozen in place on my features.
Thus,when I placed my hand upon his forehead to ascertain his temperature had not gone up, I did so in the foolish hope he would take no notice.
It was good to see that, underneath the sickly exterior still lurked the man whom I loved, with his gallows humour and the intelligent twinkle in his gray eyes. It might be a selfish thing to think, but I feel, at least a little, that my presence had already improved his spirits.
I woke up drenched in cold sweat. I had jolted upright in an attempt to escape my demons- in vain. They chose to linger; to haunt and mock me in the shapes of those who had lost their lives in this dreadful affair.
The day of our departure was overcast and melancholy, much like Holmes' mood. The moment I woke him in the morning I could see his health had relapsed slightly. Apparently, he had spent the night tossing and tuning in bed. It didn't take much imagination to understand he had been haunted by how narrowly he had avoided colossal failure.
While I beamed at the opportunity, Holmes merely forced a polite smile which faded into a deep frown as soon as he turned around.
I attempted in vain to peer through the half-light of the room in order to catch a glimpse of how my friend was faring. I could make out nothing save for his pale skin, and the vague outline of his slender frame buried in the sheets.
My friend shook his head. "What is to be learned about a person from looking at their choice of costume. It is most suggestive."
“Something is missing here...” while I had really muttered it to myself, Watson responded anyway. It was not an uncommon occurrence.
"You will help us find the intruder, won't you, Mr Holmes?"
“It hardly matters when I am bound to the bed like that,” he shrugged lightly, but I knew he enjoyed the praise. “But perhaps it is as well. At least I am certain never to suffer from boredom again within the next decade.”
“Sounds delightful! I believe I have a pack of cards somewhere in my bag.”
Two days later, on the 29th, we found ourselves on the train to Norfolk, where Mr. Trevor's residence was located. The two of us were vibrating with excitement- I rather more than Holmes. After all, I had almost given up hopes he would ever voluntarily leave London purely for recreational reasons. The holiday also gave me a chance to find out more about his past- perhaps even his youth. The prospect of meeting someone who could...humanize Sherlock Holmes was thrilling to say the least.
"You shall be forgiven- but only this once." He replied half sulkily, half teasingly. "Now, do you want the story or not?"
Love must be expressed on both sides to be fulfilling.
I touched my devellish suit for pockets, but alas, there was none. "With my belongings, upstairs."
He took another deep breath before we left. I did my best to keep an eye on him, in case he was really going to faint.
I was glad, therefore, when we finally boarded our train. As much as I had enjoyed looking after my friend, the sooner we could get some distance between us and the destination of our involuntary holiday the better.
My friend dropped the newspaper with the familiar grunt of frustration.
He entered, accompanied by two uniformed policemen as if to make an arrest. His tie was done with so much effort, and his back was so forcibly straightened, it made him appear entirely artificial. So much so, I half-expected him to offer to read our fortunes for twopence. It was rather unsurprising to hear his tone matched his posture when he greeted us.
"Not to worry, doctor." Trevor confirmed. "This goes for you too, White. I am not spreading any rumours, and nothing has happened. But I would be surprised if you hadn't noticed the tension among them. You could cut it with a knife!"
"Indeed, Holmes..." I replied with some ennui. This was hardly a subject to joke about.
"Oh? What is it you chose then?"
Chapter 1 – The invitation
And then, at long last, after having sifted through the ashes in the fireplace, Holmes raised his voice.
“Nothing, Holmes. I am sorry. Only the usual letters of admiration, and an invitation for a masquerade on All-Hallow's Eve.”
The flickering light of the candles complimented his handsome features, and brought forth the actual warmth of his dark-brown hair. His half-closed lids did nothing to lessen the sharpness of his steel-grey irises which reflected his intellect.
Ps; I left in certain parts for the lovely person who was kind enough to comment! <3
"Holmes, forgive me for insisting, but don't you want to examine the fake jewellery?"
My friend's surprise and disappointment were evident. Guilt gnawed on my conscience, but I was unable to show it, as it would mean allowing the Reverend to gain the upper hand.
"Well, doctor it's a lengthy story, the whole business, but I'll attempt to make sense of it." he paused to think. Suddenly, there came a loud thump, followed by the high, terrible scream of a woman.
Minutes turned into hours as I minutely put all of Holmes' stray belongings back into their rightful place.
Finally, his facade began to crumble. He took off his hat and slowly walked towards the stained-glass windows.
I chuckled. “Forgive me,, Holmes, but I cannot imagine a man of your character keeping a Labrador. Surely, even age cannot change your quick and eager nature!”
"Now get back to work." he growled, and the two of them disappeared with bowed heads.
"Well, I am honoured- but would you not prefer to chat with your old friend?"
“It had better be true, because now I am here, you won't get rid of me so easily.”
"And I am trying to do my work. How often must I say that I am running late for an appointment before being listened to?"
“Why don't you ask the lady herself? Those are her steps on the stairs, if I am not mistaken.”
The latter proved to be the right choice. He stopped fidgeting with the map, sighed, then lifted his head to look at me.
"Good afternoon, Huntley. Is everything alright?"
I knew, the moment I stepped through the door that staying at Baker Street would not be an option. Holmes' scent lingered in our rooms- his soap and cold tobacco. Of course, I had not noticed before. It was, after all, the smell of home. How was I supposed to come to terms with past events when even the air reminded me of him? How then, was I supposed to forgive?
I could not help but smile at him. His presence was comforting.
He handed me a soft parcel, wrapped in brown paper.
“Well done, Watson! You are getting better and better. But, there are a few errors in your chain of reasoning I feel compelled to correct, if you are to learn from your mistakes.”
“The door is locked, dear fellow. And the staff have orders not to intrude upon me until called for. Now come here, for I have missed you terribly.”
Holmes smiled warmly. It was enough to give him away. “Better not question your luck, Mrs. Hudson. I too wish you a pleasant evening.” he said blandly, but I knew the joy he felt at having done something good for the old ladies.
“And I am telling you that the chest is locked and shall remain so.”
I turned to Watson, who was scribbling in his notebook. He had recently come up with some sort of system to keep track of my deductions. It seemed to be quite efficient. His efforts were commendable, and I informed him of it. As a result of which he raised his notebook, evidently trying to hide his blush from me. I, in turn, faced the other way to conceal a smile.
Arms: Bite marks?? Strange degeneration around wounds – Eaten alive??
There came a little groan, and Holmes stretched his limbs.
“It is annoying. Now let's leave without delay.”
Betraying weakness would invariably lead to questions- questions he was undoubtedly asking himself already, but had no reason to say aloud. As much I  would have loved to lay every inch of ,y soul before him, I could not do it- not with a case of this magnitude.
Just as he said it, the crowd parted, and Sir Thomas entered our little circle. He bowed, according to his costume.
“Yes, but only when there is nothing else to occupy you, Holmes.”
The clouds had parted to pour golden rays of sunlight onto my friend's formidable face, and giving his dark hair the appearance of having been set ablaze. His eyes shone in the lightest grey as he caught my smitten gaze. A smile lit up his features, and I could feel his foot brush against mine.
Trevor acknowledged his answer, and went on to order some tea for the four of us.
Someday, perhaps, if I allowed myself to dream- but not now.
What would my friend have inferred from the fact I knew the correct place for all of his belongings by heart? Hopefully not the correct ones. I cannot imagine how he would have reacted, had he managed to get a look at my heart, rather than my mind for once. Would he have made fun of me? Would he have asked me to leave? Would HE have left?
“First of all, that the lady is no Frenchwoman. She is either Swiss or Austrian- but I think the latter more likely. She would be able to speak better French, even if she were from a Canton where it is not used primarily. Which leads me to your next slight-”
The sudden quiet of my surroundings greatly helped in easing my agitation. Time was of the essence, but I was confident now nothing stood in the way of efficiency.
Holmes got up, and opened the door for our landlady. She thanked him, and both of them proceeded to the table- my friend to join me, and Mrs. Hudson to deliver our food.
“With the help of the maid, who was also kind enough to provide me with this small meal. I was craving some fresh air.”
I could see the struggle in his features.
“You dreamed of a case then?”
"I see. I take it you started your search from the top of the house?"
“Why hide them here and run the risk of the Bishop finding them?”
Those moments of absolute freedom always felt strange to me; overwhelming, even. When two men spend their days and nights doing everything in their power to hide their love from the public, it becomes second nature to them. Subsequently, they forget how lovely, yes how vital true intimacy is to the human soul. When it does occur, however, I am reminded of how blessed I am to have found someone who allows me to express this strange affection, and who never fails to remind me that I too, am loved.
“Undoubtedly.” he closed his eyes again, and his breathing softened.
Breathless I stormed into the room. I had done nothing for the past 24 hours, save worry about the life of the man dearest to me. Even during my countless train journeys I had hardly been able to catch a wink, for when Mr. Sherlock Holmes' iron constitution gave in in such a way a doctor needed to be summoned, there was little room for optimism.
“But I will only do so under one condition.”
"You didn't stop to see if there was still life in him?"
A sigh. “I suppose rightfully so...” there was a brief silence. “I wonder...what does it take to regain your trust?”
Gold, of course.
My friend chuckled in his silent, inward fashion. "I can hardly fault you, dear fellow. I admit, it almost slipped my mind as well, had I not found the invitation during the hunt for a certain file."
"Splendid."
The cleric turned to look at us. My plan had worked.
His movements were as focussed and swift as usual. Diligently, my friend pushed, touched, tested, and sometimes sniffed.
"Nonetheless- don't you think it curious there are no female servants in this house at all? Not even a housemaid?"
I could hardly complain, for the landscape, changed as it was, had not lost its beauty. The thick, white fog, and the glistening frost covering the grass beneath our feet as we walked, made the grounds feel mysterious- as if the entrance to Avalone had opened up right before our eyes, leading us into a distant, hazy past.
Sir Thomas was the first to see reason. "Given Mr. Holmes' countless successes, I see no harm in listening to him. Hayes, you will take over Parker's duties until he has recovered."
“Hm, interesting. Were they on bad terms?”
The servant reddened at his mistake. "I beg your pardon, doctor. I am inconsolable."
“So?”
And thus, my first attempt at learning about Holmes' past came to an abrupt halt.
“Watch where you're putting your feet, Watson! Have you noticed these prints upon the ground?”
“Anything you want, Holmes.”
"You know what it's like, Holmes. Sir Thomas asked us if he could have one last party before selling the house for good. Yes, it's a bit much, but we felt we owe it to him."
The length of his stride at the approaching speed told me a man was walking towards us- light in build, and taller than myself. Those deductions were confirmed the next instant, when a young cleric appeared around the corner, obviously distressed. He was a Reverend, in his thirties, and a man who liked to bend the rules to fit his own narrative- so much I could learn just by looking at him.
"Don't tell me the only reason you bought me this costume was so you could make a joke."
Some strange instinct forced me to bring a hand to his head; touching him, as if I could thus make the moment linger.
As I listened with great fascination to his lecture, I was once again overcome with great admiration for the man, and, despite his many shortcomings, considered myself lucky to be his partner.
Holmes successfully informed the police about the Butler's death being a tragic accident- after which we were able to return to our safe and comfortable quarters in Baker Street.
Despite the joy and beauty of an enchanting autumn day, we were glad to return home.
She was a pitiful sight, with her head bowed and her shoulders sunk- a perfect allegory of defeat.
The woman in question was seated right behind Holmes, facing in my direction. I could only guess how he knew about her presence, considering she arrived a good while after us.
"Holmes! The man is only trying to clear your name!"
We eventually reached the hall, where the entire mystery had begun.
"That is excellent news, Watson, for it tells me whoever alerted us must still be in the house. The return of the page and the footman will tell us more. Did you find anything of interest?"
The conversation ended there, and we focused our attention on our meals.
Nothing of particular interest happened that day, except for the fact that we did venture out into the cold, much to Holmes' dismay.
"Quite understandable." Holmes nodded. "What puzzles me, however, is why you would agree to host such a large event when you have only just settled in."
Once we had secured the rooms, and our luggage was moved, I helped the man himself to reach his destination. Following the excitement of the change of scenery my friend went back to sleep, so I ventured out for a walk. It is therefore understandable how surprised I was to find the room empty on my return.
"I don't doubt you have an endless supply of costumes..." I mumbled, rather annoyed at the fact I had no means of procuring any sort of appropriate dress. Bitterly, I considered using my old uniform, as it served as little more as than a reminder of my time in the army, and the injury which had sent me home, and, indirectly, into Holmes' arms.
Holmes looked around, seemingly taking in every detail. He then proceeded to move one of the chairs, and examine the polished wooden surface of the dining table. Once he had satisfied himself of whatever needed proving- or disproving, my friend looked closely at every single one of the baroque candlesticks which were placed around the room.
My return to the present was so abrupt and violent the brush slipped out of my hand.
"Well, sir- I thought if I were hiding in a house this size, I'd go to the attic where no one's looking. Nobody ever searches the lumber rooms.I went to the ground floor last because, please excuse my language, sir- you've got to be right stupid to hide where all the guests and staff are."
"Now that you know the truth, gentlemen, I would very much like to know what you intend to do with me?"
“Perhaps you are right...” he said, finally putting out the cigarette. “I often forget there is more to this vessel than wits.”
He turned to me, demonstrating the ridiculousness of such an action.
I tilted my head. "I apologise, dear fellow. You are right..."
“Tell me what you can deduce about our fellow passengers.”
As soon as we had parted Holmes brought his cheek to mine, and muttered, “Good night, my dear fellow...”
Part of me hoped, that all of this was nothing more than another night-terror, and that I would awake one day to be greeted by the scent of his tobacco seeping in from the living-room.
"It would be better for everyone, Reverend, if you kept your temper..."
"Given the fact that there is much at risk for all parties involved, I believe we can settle for a quiet solution..." said Holmes sombrely. "Especially because you strike me as an honest woman, Lady Peacock, who was driven to extreme measures by fear and blackmail. As you said- you were merely trying save face. Of course the Butler's death will have to be accounted for, but I will gladly use my influence to tell the police he died of an unfortunate fall down the stairs."
"See? The doctor agrees. There is nothing more to it." White exclaimed with a mixture of relief and frustration in his voice.
Mrs. Hudson had been notified of our arrival, and had prepared breakfast for the two of us.
“Wait, Watson! Hand me the invitation.”
"Aye, but...where is she?"
"It will only take you a couple of minutes! You really must quell the suspicions put forward in this appalling article!"
I placed my hand on his chair with a sigh. If I could only understand.
His hands tightened around his had.
There came a knock on the door. "Mr. Holmes. Dr. Watson. Mr. Trevor sends me to inform you breakfast will be ready in half an hour, and hot water has been carried to the bathroom for you." With the Butler's announcement ended my second attempt at learning more about the tragic, and mysterious story which lay behind that chipper man Trevor.
So I began reading to him. The assortment of poems was rather strange, without any rhyme or reason to the selection, worse still- most of them were of an almost intolerably romantic nature. I chose to omit them for my partner's sake. Still, there were some I was certain he would enjoy.
I brushed a loose strand of hair from his forehead, and replied, “I suppose it's in my nature...”
"Aye..." Willis raised his voice at last. "And I thought he'd give us away if he were the one to tell them Huntley had died..."
I suppose it would have been merely a matter of time until the Bishop would have discovered his Reverend's secret.
He then turned to me. "If you would be so kind as to give your professional opinion, doctor?"
“Oh...perhaps a bull terrier. I have quite the history with those rascals, you know.” he paused and shook his head. “No, no, what a silly idea. Bull terriers are only for the young. A Labrador would be better-suited to an old man.”
When I felt his gaze fixed upon me, I was certain I had become the object of his judgement now the cottages were out of sight.
"Holmes!" I called to the other room. "I am ready. Are you finished?"
"It's Huntley, sir! He's dead!"
“I know, I read of your exploits in the papers. You are one of the most celebrated men in Europe at the moment.”
Alarmed, some of us stormed out into the hallway, where the sound had come from. To our great surprise the place was empty, save for some concerned guests.
"Have you read that rag?" Baynes said, pointing at the newspaper on the table. At least he addressed the matter at hand right away.
He joined me on the floor with an intrigued hum, and began examining the body for himself.
Time froze as we stared into each others eyes. Aeons could have passed without either of us moving, until, at last, Holmes broke the spell by putting his own gun against his head and pulling the trigger.
"I say! Holmes! Dr. Watson! Welcome to our humble abode!" The blonde man got to his feet to shake us heartily by the hand. He lingered after greeting me. "It is an honour, doctor. I've been thoroughly looking forward to meeting you in person. You must tell us all about your adventures over dinner."
We lay there for an hour at the very least, wrapped in each other's arms, and talking about God and the world like we did so often at home from the safe comfort of our armchairs. He told me in great detail about his dreams- even some he could recall from his boyhood. It was the first time it even occurred to me Holmes had once been a boy. When I asked him about it, however, he simply shrugged his shoulders and told me his childhood was nothing so out of the ordinary, and that it would be a story for another day. As to his dreams, I will only say that I am certain his occupation had left its marks on him just as mine had left upon me. There are, after all, reasons why we are so drawn to each other. Contrary to what my readers might believe, we are not polar opposites- we are simply two men whose dissimilarities fill each other's gaps. Like the pieces of a jigsaw puzzle, we complete each other through our differences, and yet, at the end of the day, are part of the very same picture.
"Hopefully not much in this dreary weather."
Sentences like these were always the nail in the coffin of a peaceful time in the country.
There were footsteps, followed by the familiar "I have found your map!"
“Could it not be a souvenir?” I interjected.
"Out of the question! I don't even know you! I am calling the police, whether you like it or not!"
"That's better. Well, as I have told you, it all started at university. It was on a Sunday, and I was on my way to chapel when-"
"What? In that case, I must ask you to leave. I must get in touch with the authorities without further delay!"
His words were therefore all the more surprising.
"Do be so kind and remind me never to do this again."
"Many of us took on other roles tonight."
Another deep breath was needed before I could bring myself to turn it.
I grabbed a cushion and, gently lifting Holmes' head, placed it in my lap for both our comfort.
“What do you suggest then?”
“Strange...nothing important appears to be locked up here...”
Holmes tilted his head. "How so?"
To feel his weight pressing down on my lap was so unfamiliar, I hardly knew what to do.
I averse of the idea of gaining my information by causing harm- it is a tactic reserved for the official police- however, I am equally aware that desperate times require desperate means. I had exhausted every other way of opening the chest, yet he still refused. Now I had no choice but to fall back on my last resort: Blackmail.
Had I been aware of the true meaning of his words, I would have been able to hear the underlying gratification in them. It is no use dwelling on what could have been however. Ones time is better employed considering what has been, and what can be learned from it. I have done just that, and learned never to underestimate my Watson, for, had I payed more attention to his concerns about Farley's slander, both of us would have been spared a great deal of pain. But as it stood, I made the mistake of simply writing off his remark as superficial politeness.
"Nothing, Holmes. I am sorry. But..." I pulled my friend close, and muttered underneath my breath, "Do you really think we are in danger? It might have been one of the boys after all..."
“I never cared for the future, Watson...I always made do with the present. And the past...well, at least regarding crime. But all this malady has forced me to consider how I want to spend my reclining years, when my body has become too frail to chase about the streets of London, and my wits dulled by the ever-grinding wheel of time...”
Holmes spoke up before Sir Thomas could do so. "It would be wiser to continue this conversation upstairs where there is light and warmth."
Funny as it was, clearly this costume was of great quality, with its golden embroidery, and craftsmanship in ever seam.
The next moment, he had vanished into the adjoining room. I was left behind grinning like a fool and shaking my head at Holmes' eccentric manner.
“He's...he's escaped...I hope your motivations... are founded, Holmes. I don't much like skirting around the edges of the law like this.”
I ordered the palpitating maid to open them, as a result of which a little groan could be heard from the direction of the bed. In an instant, I was kneeling by my friend's bedside. He really did look ghastly. His features were haggard, his skin sallow, and his usually bright eyes looked dull and worn. Only his cheeks were flushed in a somewhat feverish fashion.
The man blushed noticably and proceeded to shake our hands with a civilized "How do you do?"
"I cannot blame you for thinking it. And, to be entirely honest, it did occur to me- but no. There were other reasons. Mostly because nothing else was available at such short notice- well, at least nothing suitable. Knowing your love for high quality silk, I rather thought you would like it."
It was true that she had a rather more relaxed pose than befitted a lady.
Finally, we were left in peace.
The boy looked at his partner in crime with reddened cheeks and eyes, but remained silent when he received nothing but an icy stare.
This one is........ just a tad bit longer :')
One large ink stain on the rug on the floor, located on the opposite side of a small desk, and a piece of cloth jutting out from behind the same.
Sir Thomas' hands were curled into fists. Confusion and anger were written on his face. "That blaggard...To think I trusted him all those years?? Whatever prompted him to turn against me in such a cowardly fashion?!"
Stomach: A strange set of old wounds and bruising around the entire abdomen – self-inflicted?
Begrudgingly, I inquired after the Marchioness, to gain an idea of the consequences of this crime.
"I would very much like to witness your work in person someday- see what is true, and what has been embellished for the narrative's sake."
"It is simply curiosity, Watson, I assure you. No crime has been committed as far as I read it, therefore there is no reason for me to do anything but listen." he intertwined his fingers with mine, and I knew I had lost.
"Sir Thomas likes to look out for his own sort, Mr. Holmes. He is a very kind-hearted fellow."
"She must have come in by a window then..." He muttered. "Watson- go and speak with the guests, and see if someone knows something. I will have a look at the windows on this floor."
"We are on holiday. Please, allow yourself some free time?"
"To put it mildly."
He pouted at this. "Very well, I will tell you- but I have you know that I do not take every opportunity to remind you. I simply..." Holmes paused. "...use it to underline my authority before uncooperative persons."
"Is that how you found him?" asked Holmes.
Of course, I had always been certain my love for him would have to remain a well-kept secret. Holmes was married to his work, and neither woman nor man could change that. All in all, I was quite content with serving as his guard and conductor of light. As long as he allowed me to accompany him on his cases, I was happy. But then, everything changed. Why had he refused to confide in me? If none of those rumours were true, why had he made no attempt at all in convincing me of it? Of course there was only one reason. If he hadn't tried to prove his innocence, most likely because there was nothing to prove.
Dimly, I perceived the sound of a piano from an open window, and wondered whether it was our host, who was producing such harmoneous melodies.
“His shoes! Watson, his shoes are missing!” The familiar excitement of the chase finally got hold of me. It made my entire body tingle with electricity.
A smile briefly lit up his features. There was nothing he enjoyed more than surprising someone else. "The diffuse shadows on the curtains speak volumes, Watson. They also tell me the fog will, likely enough, not lift all day. Hence, the assumption that we will remain inside, where it is warm and dry."
“Well, yes of course! Those muddy marks...”
So, I quietly followed him in an attempt to perhaps understand his chain of reasoning.
"Sir Thomas! A word, if you please."
I huffed, whereas my friend took it rather more lightly. “It cannot be helped, I am afraid. What pretty fools we are, eh? To think we spent all evening lounging about, when we had the entire house to ourselves.”
"How did you know Lady Peacock did not kill the Butler?"
It was true that we had not yet had the fortune of spending an entire night together- a fact which has since changed by the time I am putting this short account to paper.
"Oh, I am asking out of curiosity, rather than professionally. For as I understand it, the story is not suited for the public eye- at least not without some drastic changes."
I could understand how no one had recognised her as the lady she was, for anything feminine about her appearance was masked by the costume.
"Who knows?" I replied with a sly grin. "Perhaps you will have your way later tonight..."
“Holmes?”
"Dear me...Trevor always has been an old romantic. I see his taste hasn't changed." Holmes remarked with some amusement, as the carriage came to a halt.
“But these prints were made by two different men, as one pair is size 9, whereas the other is half a size larger.”
He raised an eyebrow and smiled. "Because she must have been locked in the cellar at the time of Huntley's death. You see, Watson, there was the smallest trace of makeup on the Butler's suit. I almost mistook it for flour or chalk- but upon closer inspection, I understood it to be too adhesive to be either. I found the same traces on the door of the cabinet, and the cellar door- which means whoever pushed the Butler still had a chance to escape through that door before it was locked. It also meant whoever pushed him must be unfamiliar with the layout of the house. In addition to that, the chips of golden varnish you discovered in his wounds had no possible way of getting there in the hall. But the dining room was practially littered with those baroque candle sticks. No doubt you remember the way I examined them. That was the moment I realised, that, not only did the coating visibly correspond with those I had taken from Huntley, but the very absence of one of the candlesticks proved indicative. Another thing which struck me, was the absolute absence of blood. I found but a single drop, which undoubtedly originated from Huntley's broken nose as he staggered into the dining room, looking for help. Whoever finished him off, must have had enough time to thoroughly clean the place. It was you who told me the wound must have blead considerably- so I hardly doubt you notised the kitchen floor was perfectly spotless- telling us he was already dead upon being carried there. It must have cost Parker all his strength to help his partner transport the body." He looked at me with yet another mischievous twinkle in his eye. "The things we do for love, eh Watson?"
“Doctor Watson wold not allow me to contact anyone else! What manners! I am a man of the church!” the other man whined.
"They came with the house." White explained. "And since the legal papers are still in the works, we will not be able to sign the contract until November."
"You may stop fidgeting, Watson. I have solved the matter."
“Yes, if you know how to make them talk, that is.”
"Well done, Parker! Well done!" cried the detective. "Did he have an invitation?"
It was one of Holmes' makeup brushes which had somehow found its way underneath the couch.
What little had been left of my patience evaporated at once. My eyes narrowed at his childish defiance. He wanted the police, so he should have them- but not before I had finished my investigation.
"The police? Already? How did you know?"
I stooped to pick it up with shaking hands. An invisible barrier had appeared between myself and Holmes' door. I reminded myself I could take as long as I needed, which seemed to ease my agitation. Nonetheless, reaching out for the knob again cost me all that was left of my strength.
"Why did it have to come to this, Holmes?" asked quietly. "All those years of friendship, and respect... of trust! Everything that we went through together..."
“It's child's play Watson. We will begin by eliminating the contaminating prints: ours, and that of the Reverend-” I threw a quick glance over my shoulder. “-who was so impatient to call the police. Now, what is left?” I put aside my magnifying glass and measuring tape to better be able to explain the prints to Watson, who had joined me on the floor. He was regarding the ground with obvious confusion and interest, pen ready to note down any vital information.
The discussion slowed down over our meal, which was, I suspect, when his natural curiosity got the better of my companion. "I could not help but note the formidable assortment of boys which makes up your staff. Quite unusual, I must admit."
His eyes followed me as I closed the curtains and lit a candle, and I put myself in his shoes, or rather- put him in mine. I pictured what he saw and put him in my stead- his slender frame vaguely outlined underneath the coarse fabric of his nightshirt against the light of the candle.
“Come sit with me, Watson. The curtains are closed, and any prying eyes and ears taken care of.”
The moral part of my character rejected the idea. What a loveless marriage it must be, when one party has unwittingly entered the arrangement merely to for show. The subject weighed heavy on my consciousness for a while. Yet I must admit I emphasized with the man.
My friend returned soon thereafter, having found nothing except the fact that all windows were bolted, and no one had attempted to gain entrance.
“Well, doctor that's the thing- I don't know. A boy delivered the tickets yesterday. I told him he must have mistaken the house, but he wouldn't have it. So I looked at the tickets and addresses, and right enough, they were addressed to Mrs. Hudson and Turner, 221a, and b Baker Street.”
I must have dozed off at some point, for I awoke to the sound of the clock on the mantelpiece chiming eleven. My companion's warmth still radiated against me, and his pleasant weight pressed into the pillow I had provided.
This rule has become quite dear to me, as it is very useful to make others think something which might deviate from reality.
The maid curtsied and left. I commenced my examination by taking his temperature.
Both of them bade us adieu before departing the house which had brought them back to England.
"£10.000..."
“I am afraid he left me no choice. The end justifies the means, dear fellow. Now, if you will excuse me, I must prepare some chemicals I need to analyse today's evidence.”
There was only the grave digger, and I.
I rather think he simply enjoyed himself, and revelled in the excitement with which his unique skills were received- even if it was only a game of Forfeits.
Of all our intimacies, I cherished our kisses the most. The feeling of his firm lips against mine, his familiar taste (in this case, infused with the smokey aroma of our excellent whiskey), and how his every move tickled my mustache...
"Now, Watson." my friend said proudly, with a hint of uncharacteristic nervousness. "The time has come to reveal your costume. I commend your patience, and thank you for it."
"What?! But that's not possible! I locked it!"
The request never received an answer- neither was it met with resistance. We simply followed him.
He leaned back and shook his head. His knee brushed against mine as he adjusted himself. I cannot help but think it was not quite on accident.
A small group of us followed Willis into the kitchen, where we found the Butler. The poor devil- eyes wide open, a broken nose, and a terrible wound on his head. One glance was enough to confirm that he was beyond human help.
A murmur went through the crowd, as a man entered the room. Although he was short and of feminine build, Sir Thomas Peacock positively radiated with flamboyant energy. His entrance would best be compared to an actor walking on stage at the beginning of the first act. His dress only added to it, for he had chosen to sport the attire of an 18th century nobleman, and he did it in a way which would have been certain to make Mozart blush.
